People is a weekly American magazine of celebrity and human interest stories. It is published by Time Inc. As of 2006, it had a circulation of 3.75 million. It was named "Magazine of the Year" by "Advertising Age" in October 2005, for very good editorial, circulation and advertising. "People" ranked #6 on Advertising Age's annual "A-list" and #3 on Adweek's "Brand Blazers" list in October 2006.

Eye of Horus

The Eye of Horus was an important symbol in ancient Egypt. It was the symbol of protection and Royal Power from Ra or Horus.

Horus was an ancient Egyptian sky god in the form of a falcon. The right eye represents a peregrine falcon's eye and the markings around it. This includes the "teardrop" marking sometimes found below the eye. As the wadjet (also udjat or utchat), it also represented the sun, and was associated with the Sun God Ra (Re). The "mirror image", or left eye, represented the moon and the God Tehuti (Thoth). 

In the ancient Egyptian measurement system, the Eye Of Horus defined an Old Kingdom rounded off number one(1) = 1/2 + 1/4 + 1/8 + 1/16 + 1/32 + 1/64, by throwing away 1/64.








The Great Khali

Dalip Singh Rana (born August 27 1972) is an Indian professional wrestler, actor and powerlifter. He is better known by his ring name The Great Khali. He worked for the WWE from 2006 to 2014. Before he started his professional sports career, he was an officer in the Punjab state police.

Under the ring name "Giant Singh", Dalip Singh became a pro wrestler for All Pro Wrestling in the United States. He made his first appearance in October 2000.

On May 28, 2001, Brian Ong died while training with Singh. Ong had already suffered one concussion but was told to continue training. A second concussion was deadly for him. Because Singh caused his death, Ong's family brought a lawsuit against All Pro Wrestling. APW was made to pay the Ong family over $1.3 million.

On January 2, 2006, Singh started working for WWE. He was assigned to Deep South Wrestling for training. Singh first appeared on WWE television on April 7, 2006. He attacked The Undertaker during his match with Mark Henry. Khali had his first WWE match on April 21, 2006 against Funaki.

In July of 2006, Khali was removed from a match against the Undertaker because of elevated liver enzymes. On August 4, 2006, he returned to SmackDown. On August 29, 2006, it was reported that Khali would be out of action for several months due to surgery on both knees.

In 2007, Singh was feuding with Batista in July before The Great American Bash. The two were scheduled for a match on PPV on Sunday, July 22, 2007. However, Edge had to give up the World Heavyweight Championship because of a pectoral injury. Khali had won the championship in a 20-man battle royal at the July 17 taping of SmackDown! He then went on to defend his title successfully against Kane and Batista at the Great American Bash.


In 2005, Singh starred in the movie "The Longest Yard" as Turley, one of the prison's inmates. On March 16 2007, Singh starred in the 2007 remake of "Get Smart", a movie based on the 1960s classic TV show, alongside The Rock.

He married Harminder Kaur on February 27, 2002.


Ani (god)

In Etruscan mythology, Ani is god of the sky. He is shown as living in the highest heaven. He is sometimes shown with two faces, possibly showing a link with the Akkadian god Anu and the Roman god Janus.


Tecophilaea

Tecophilaea is a genus of plants in the family "Tecophilaeaceae". It has two species. One of them, Chilean Blue Crocus ("T. cyanocroccus"), is at risk (IUCN Red List).

Propolis

Propolis ' „for“ y ' „city“ is a wax-like resinous substance collected by honey bees from tree buds (e.g. poplar) or other plant-related sources and used as cement and to seal cracks or open spaces in the beehive. It can also kill bacteria.

Home and Away

Home and Away (often called H&A) is an Australian soap opera that has been made in Sydney by the Seven Network since July 1987. The show first aired on 17 January 1988 with a two hour pilot. It is set in Summer Bay, a fictional town in New South Wales. It stars Samara Weaving with Jessica Falkholt and Cornelia Frances.

Some of the characters in the show are John, Braxton, Heath, Alf, Irene and Matilda.

Anthony Hopkins

Sir Philip Anthony Hopkins CBE (born 31 December 1937) is a Welsh actor of movies, theater and television. He is very famous for many roles in movies, especially as Hannibal Lecter in "The Silence of the Lambs". He has won an Academy Award, three BAFTA Awards, two Emmys and the Cecil B. DeMille Golden Globe Award.

In 2011, Hopkins played Odin in the MCU movie "Thor". In 2019, he played Pope Benedict XVI in the Netflix movie "The Two Popes".

Hopkins was knighted by Queen Elizabeth II in 1993 for services to the arts. He gained US citizenship in 2000, whilst retaining his British citizenship. He received a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame in 2003, and was made a Fellow of the British Academy of Film and Television Arts in 2008.

Hopkins won a fifth BAFTA Award and a second Academy Award for Best Actor in a Leading Role for "The Father" (2020), becoming the oldest Best Actor winner to date.


Turner Classic Movies

Turner Classic Movies (TCM) is a cable television channel featuring commercial-free classic movies, mostly from the Turner Entertainment and Warner Bros. film libraries, which include many MGM, United Artists, RKO and Warner Bros. titles. Movie historian Robert Osborne used to host the channel until his retirement in early 2016. 


Internet Broadway Database

The Internet Broadway Database (IBDb) is an online database of Broadway theatre productions and their personnel. It is operated by the Research Department of the League of American Theatres and Producers, a trade association for the North American commercial theatre community.


Brigitte Bardot

Brigitte Bardot (French IPA: ) (born 28 September 1934) is a French actress, former fashion model, singer, animal rights activist, and considered one of the most important sex symbols of the 1950s and 1960s. She was one of the few actresses from Europe to which the American media paid attention.

Born in Paris, into a well to do family, her father was an industrialist and her mother a housewife. She received a strict education but was allowed to take ballet lessons hoping to become a professional classical dancer.

In 1949, at the suggestion of a family friend, she began working as a fashion model and ended up making the cover of "Elle" magazine in May 1950. This led to her being noticed by movie director Yves Allegret who offered her a role in one of his movie. The movie was never made but during the audition she met his young assistant Roger Vadim. Her family was strongly against the relationship but finally gave in and they married in 1952.

That same year, she began her acting career and appeared in two films; "Le trou normand" and "Manina, fille sans voile".

In the ensuing years, she appeared in small parts in various movies in France, Italy and England. Her career really took off in 1956, when she appeared in Vadim's movie "Et Dieu créa la femme" ("An God created Woman"), written especially for her, which made her an instant star and an international sex-symbol. From then on, her every move made headlines around the world. In 1958, she bought a house "La Madrague" in Saint Tropez, then a quiet fishermen village, which has since then become a highly touristic destination.

Other notable movies have included; "En cas de malheur" (1958), "La vérité" (1960), considered by many her best role, "Vie Privée" (1962), "Le mépris" (1963), "Viva Maria" (1965), etc. She also enjoyed success as a singer but mostly through recordings and television appearances.

In 1973, she decided to retire from entertainment and devote herself to her real passion the animal rights, which she continues today. She created her own foundation in 1986.

During the 1990s, she published her autobiography and other books in which she spoke openly about her political views on such things as immigration and Islam in France, mixed marriages and homosexuality, which created considerable controversy. She has angered many people who are part of these groups and was fined for incitation to racial hatred.

Bardot had four husbands and other romantic partners. After her divorce from Vadim in 1957, she married actor Jacques Charrier in 1959, with whom she had her only child, a son Nicolas, born on 11 January 1960. They divorced in 1962. Her third husband, from 1966 to 1969, was German millionaire Gunter Sachs. She has been married to Bernard d'Ormale, a right-wing political organizer, since 1992.


Farben Lehre

Farben Lehre is a Polish punk rock band. The band was started in 1986 in Płock, Poland.



Billy Crystal

Billy Crystal (born March 14, 1948) is a Golden Globe Award-nominated and Emmy Award-winning American actor, writer, producer, comedian, singer, movie director and television host. He became famous in the 1970s for playing Jodie Dallas on the ABC Comedy-drama, "Soap". Crystal was a castmember of Saturday Night Live. He became a Hollywood movie star during the late 1980s and the 1990s, appearing in the box office successes "When Harry Met Sally..." and "City Slickers".


Carmen Electra

Tara Leigh Patrick (born April 20, 1972), professionally known as Carmen Electra, is an American actress, model, singer and media personality. Dubbed a "sex symbol" and "pop culture icon", Electra came to widespread recognition for playing Lani McKenzine in "Baywatch" (1998–1999) and for her work in 2000s parody films. She also appeared in the films "Get Over It" (2001), "Starsky & Hutch" (2004), "Cheaper by the Dozen 2" (2005) and "Hot Tamale" (2006), hosted the MTV show "Singled Out" (1997–1999) and featured with The Pussycat Dolls as a guest dancer on "VH1 Divas 2004."



Calista Flockhart

Calista Kay Flockhart (born on November 11, 1964) is an American actress. She was nominated for an Emmy Award. Flockhart won a Golden Globe award in 1998. She was on soap operas and other television shows. She is famous for her role as the main character in the 1997-2002 television show, "Ally McBeal". She played Sally Field's daughter, Kitty Walker, on the successful ABC drama, "Brothers & Sisters". She played a political campaign adviser.


Dwight Schultz

William Dwight Schultz (born November 24, 1947 in Baltimore, Maryland) is an American stage, television and movie actor. He is known for his roles as Captain "Howling Mad" Murdock on the hit 1980s action show "The A-Team", and Reginald Barclay in "", "" and the movie "" and Lester in "The Powerpuff Girls".


Fred Savage

Frederick Aaron Savage (born July 9, 1976) is an Emmy Award and Golden Globe Award-nominated American actor and television director. He is best known for his role as Kevin Arnold in "The Wonder Years".


Gene Kelly

Eugene Curran Kelly (August 23, 1912 – February 2, 1996), better known as Gene Kelly, was an American dancer, actor, singer, director, and choreographer.

He was a great example of 20th century filmed dance, famous for his energetic and athletic dancing style, his good looks and the like able characters that he played on screen. Although he is probably most famous today for his act in "Singin' in the Rain", he was the most popular actor in the Hollywood musical movie industry from the mid 1940s to the early 1980s. Kelly died of a stroke on February 2, 1996.


Islamic fundamentalism

Islamic fundamentalism is supporting usage of Islamic laws, based on the Quran and hadiths in law.

Golden Globe Awards

The Golden Globe Awards are American awards for motion pictures and television programs, given out each year during a formal dinner. Run since 1944 by the (HFPA), the awards are a major part of the film industry's "awards season" which ends each year with the Oscars and Screen Actors Guild Awards. The broadcast of the Golden Globe Awards generally ranks as the third most-watched awards show each year, behind only the Oscars and Grammys. The Golden Globes has grown to one of the highest honors for actors and actresses.

The Golden Globes are awarded early in the year, based on votes from (as of 2005) 86 part-time journalists living in Hollywood and who work for media based outside of the United States.




AllMusic

Allmusic, which was known as All Music Guide (AMG) before, is a database about music. It is owned by All Media Guide. All Music was created in 1991 by popular-culture archivist Michael Erlewine and mathematician Vladimir Bogdanov, Ph.D., as a guide for people who wish to buy music. They have published a book every year since 1992. All Music was created before the World Wide Web and was possible to consult first as a Gopher site.


The Lord of the Rings (movie series)

The Lord of the Rings is a set of three fantasy movies: "The Fellowship of the Ring" (2001), "The Two Towers" (2002) and "The Return of the King" (2003). The movies were based on J. R. R. Tolkien's book "The Lord of the Rings".

The plot of The Lord of the Rings is about the war of the peoples of the fantasy world Middle-earth against a dark lord known as "Sauron." At the same time they try to destroy a ring which would give Sauron a lot of power if he got it, but the only place to destroy the ring is deep into Sauron's land Mordor.

The movie trilogy was directed by Peter Jackson. The screenplay was written by Fran Walsh, Philippa Boyens, and Peter Jackson. It was distributed by New Line Cinema.

These were the first live-action "Lord of the Rings" movies made. They were filmed in New Zealand from October 1999 to December 2000, and released separately in December 20012003 by Warner Bros.


The cast includes:

Compared to the book, the "Lord of the Rings" movies differed in many ways. The plot and motivation of the characters changed, and parts of the story were cut. A few changes that many consider major include: "The Old Forest", "In the House of Tom Bombadil", and "Fog on the Barrow-Downs", from "The Fellowship of the Ring"; "Many Partings", "Homeward Bound", & "The Scouring of the Shire" from "The Return of the King". These were left out, and other passages changed, because of dramatic flow and practical limits on what could be presented in three movies. The scripts are not exactly true to the story in the volumes of the book, yet have most of its most important elements.



Gary Coleman

Gary Wayne Coleman (February 8, 1968 - May 28, 2010) was an American actor. Coleman was an African American who was born in Santa Barbara, California, with a kidney disease causing nephritis. Nephritis is an autoimmune destruction of the kidney. The disease stopped his growth at an early age. Because of this, he was only tall. His height was his most notable feature. He received two kidney transplants, one in 1973 and one in 1984. He then needed dialysis every day. He was adopted. He was famous for his role as Arnold Jackson in the American sitcom "Diff'rent Strokes". He died of a hemorrhage cause by an accidental fall in Provo, Utah.



Cameo appearance

A cameo role or cameo appearance (often shortened to just cameo) is a brief appearance of a known person in a work of the performing arts, such as plays, movies, video games and television. Such a role does not have to be an actor: short appearances by movie directors, politicians, athletes, and other celebrities are common. 

Some examples would be Alfred Hitchcock briefly appearing in some of his movies or Stan Lee always briefly appearing in Marvel-related movies or Salman Khan's apperance in Pathaan.

Cameo (carving)

A cameo is a kind of small sculpture. A cameo has an image in relief. The image is often a different colour to the background. An intaglio is the opposite of cameo.

Cameos with portraits of people were common in the jewellery of Classical Antiquity. This type of cameo was also common in the Renaissance.

George Peppard

George Peppard, Jr. (October 1, 1928 – May 8, 1994) was an American movie and television actor. 

His roles included in the film "Breakfast at Tiffany's" (1961), and the television series "The A-Team", where he was the leader of the group, who was often smoking a cigar.

Peppard had lung cancer and died of pneumonia on May 8, 1994 in Los Angeles.



Rotten Tomatoes

Rotten Tomatoes is a website dedicated to reviews, information, and news of movies and television series. The name derives from the vaudeville-era cliché of throwing tomatoes and other products at stage performers if a performance was particularly bad. The company has been owned by Flixster, a Warner Bros. company, since May 2011.

As of 2021, the website's editor-in-chief is Joel Meares.

Rotten Tomatoes was launched on August 12, 1998, as a spare time project by Senh Duong. His goal in creating Rotten Tomatoes was "to create a site where people can get access to reviews from a variety of critics in the US".



Halle Berry

Halle Maria Berry (born August 14, 1966) is an American actress. Berry has received Emmy and Golden Globe awards, and was awarded the Academy Award in 2002 for her role in "Monster's Ball". She is the first and still only African American woman to have won the Academy Award for Best Actress. Berry was ranked No. 1 on People's "50 Most Beautiful People in the World" list in 2003. In March 2014, she launched her own TV production company, 606 Films.

Academy Awards

Golden Globe Award

Emmy Award

Golden Raspberry Awards

Screen Actors Guild Award


Golden Raspberry Awards

The Golden Raspberry Awards or Razzies, first awarded in 1981, were made by John J. B. Wilson in 1980, with the goal of being the opposite of the Academy Awards by dishonoring the worst movies. It is usually a plastic raspberry spray-painted gold and mounted on a plastic base, however Bill Cosby accepted a custom-made one made out of 24 carat (99.99%) gold and Italian marble.

Today, awards are voted by the membership of the "Golden Raspberry Award Foundation" (GRAF), and anyone can become a member of the foundation, something that does not happen with the Academy Awards. Usually, nominations are made public one day before the Motion Picture Academy says its Oscar nominations, and the awards are presented one day before the Oscar ceremony.

The term "raspberry" is used as a joke, as in "blowing a raspberry."

Blowing a raspberry

Blowing raspberries is to make a noise similar to a fart.
It is made by placing the tongue between the lips, and blowing.


Joshua Jackson

Joshua Carter Jackson (born June 11, 1978) is a Canadian actor. He has appeared in American television and movies, and is famous for his role as Pacey Witter in the television series "Dawson's Creek" and Charlie Conway in "The Mighty Ducks" movie series.
He also starred as Peter Bishop on "Fringe".



John Wayne

John Wayne (May 26, 1907 – June 11, 1979) was an American actor.

Born with the name Marion Robert Morrison in Winterset, Iowa. Wayne was Scotch Irish on his father and Irish on his mother's side. During Wayne's childhood, he moved to Palmdale, California then to Glendale, California. While attending Wayne started working in small local movie companies. And also started playing football in high school and participated in the Glendale school team before being recruited by the University of Southern California (USC).

Wayne began his movie career in the 1920s. In 1928, he played an extra in John Ford's "Four Sons". In 1930, he had his first leading role in "The Big Trail".

Wayne was nominated for an Academy Award for "Sands of Iwo Jima". One of his most important roles was that of Ethan Edwards a desperate man looking for his niece kidnapped by Comanche in the 1956 western movie "The Searchers", directed by John Ford.

"The Alamo" was nominated for several Academy Awards. It won the award for Best Sound. Wayne received an Academy Award and Golden Globe Award for his role in "True Grit". His last role was in "The Shootist". 
In 1999, the American Film Institute named Wayne thirteenth among the Greatest Male Stars of All Time. A Harris Poll released in 2007 placed Wayne third among America's favorite movie stars, the only star on the list who has died and the only one who has appeared on the poll every year.

Wayne had lung cancer in the 1960s. He had a lung removed and recovered. He died of stomach cancer.



Tropical Storm Tammy (2005)

Tropical Storm Tammy is the nineteenth named storm of the 2005 Atlantic hurricane season. Tammy was a tropical storm that only existed for a total of two days and brought minor damages to the southeastern United States. It peaked with 50 mph (85 km/h) just before making landfall on the northern Florida coast. Most of the damages were losses from FEMA that totaled up to $30 million.

Tammy formed from a strong non-tropical low on October 5 just off the Floridan coast. It moved north, peaking with 50 mph (85 km/h) winds jus before making landfall on Atlantic Beach, Florida on October 6 dissipating shortly after. Tammy's remnants were absorbed by a cold front in the Gulf of Mexico.

A tropical wave left the African coast on September 24 and crossed the Atlantic without strengthening or changing. But on October 2, the wave began to strengthen and organize itself while north of the Lesser Antilles. It continued to strengthen as it moved through the Bahamas and early on October 5, it became a well-organized tropical disturbance off the coast of eastern Florida.

As the system already had tropical-storm force winds, it was immediately named "Tropical Storm Tammy", also skipping tropical depression status. The forecasts from the National Hurricane Center stated that Tammy would travel north possibly parallel to the coast, which also meant that it is uncertain where Tammy wold make landfall.

Tropical Storm Tammy strengthened a little bit more to its peak with 50 mph (85 km/h) winds before it made landfall near Atlantic Beach, Florida later that same day. Tammy then moved inland over Georgia and soon weakened to a tropical depression before losing all of its strength on October 6.

The remnant low slowly movedsouth towards the Gulf of Mexico before being absorbed by a cold front (which also picked up the remnants of Subtropical Depression Twenty-two), which affected much of the northeastern United States over the next few days. The NHC watched the system to see if any of the low level circulation would redevelop over the Gulf of Mexico but unfavorable upper-level winds did not allow any restrengthening, as it was predicted.

A tropical storm warning was given out at short notice for the coast from Cocoa Beach, Florida to the Santee River, South Carolina as soon as Tropical Storm Tammy formed on October 5. Tammy moved inland the southern end of the warning zone, eventually moving north to Altamaha Sound, Georgia before all warnings were discontinued on October 6.

Tropical Storm Tammy caused minor damage. The main concern with Tammy was flooding. The highest sustained wind recorded with Tammy was 50 mph, reported a few miles northeast of the center. The highest wind gust reported with Tammy was near 60 mph. Several areas in northeast Florida and southern Georgia reported sustained winds of 40 mph+ due to Tammy's large wind field. Rainfall totals related with Tammy were mostly in the 3-5 inch range, though some isolated amounts received 10 inches of rain.
In Georgia, Several homes were damaged because of flooding. Also in Georgia, several roads were washed out and two pond dams were broken. Storm surge related with Tammy was in the 2-4 feet range. Many boardwalks were washed away and there was some beach erosion in Florida, Georgia, and South Carolina. In addition to the flooding, an F0 tornado was reported, which caused moderate roof damage and broke trees in Brunswick, Georgia. Total damages from Tammy was around $30 million (2005 USD). 16,500 people were reported in southeast Georgia without power during the height of the storm.
The remnant low of Tammy was absorbed by a larger extratropical low which moved north and Tammy's moisture helped create a different storm over the northeast U.S., killing ten people and causing moderate damage.

When Tropical Storm Tammy formed on October 5, it was the earliest ever in the season that the twentieth storm formed, breaking the previous record held by Storm 20 from 1933 by 21 days. Tammy was only the second Atlantic storm to be named with the letter 'T', after Tanya in 1995. This was also the first time Tammy had been used to name any tropical cyclone worldwide. Because Tammy caused minor damages in general, its name was not retired by the World Meteorological Organization and will be on the list of names for the 2011 Season.



Manuchehri

Abu Najm Ahmad ibn Qaus Manuchehri Damghani (c. 982 – 1040) () or Manucheri was a Persian poet. He was from Damghan in Iran. His poems are collected in a Diwan.

Piranshahr

Piranshahr () is a city in northwest of Iran. The people of Piranshahr are mostly Kurds who consider themselves to be descendants of the Medes, one of the three Aryan tribes who migrated to Iran.

Rumi

Jalal ad-Din Muhammad Rumi (30 September 1207 – 17 December 1273), which means "Our Master", is one of the Islamic world's greatest poets. He is usually known in the English-speaking world as Rumi. He is a Sufi mystic, philosopher and lover of humanity. His followers began a school of mysticism to encourage and celebrate his teachings—the Sufi branch known to many Westerners as the 'Whirling Dervishes', whose proper name is the Mevlevi order.

Jalal ad-Din Muhammad Rumi was born in 1207 in Balkh, Persia in what is today Afghanistan. His father, Bahāʼ al-Dīn Valad, was a famous religious teacher and mystic who had a position at the university in Balkh. When Mongols invaded Persia, Rumi left Persia for Konya, which was then under the Persian empire. By the time he made it to Konya his mother had died, and he was married with a son.

Rumi had had his early spiritual education from his father Bahauddin and later his father’s close friend Sayyid Burhaneddin of Balkh. Rumi grew both in knowledge and consciousness of God over the years. Eventually Sayyid Burhaneddin told Rumi that he was now ready and a mature Sufi and scholar and that the 'next stage' of his spiritual development would soon occur. And so Sayyid predicted the coming of Shams of Tabriz, the central event and love of Rumi’s life.

At the age of 37, Rumi met the spiritual vagabond and holy-man, Shams. It was his meeting with this dervish on 15 November, 1244 that completely changed his life. Much has been written about their relationship. Before this encounter Rumi had been an eminent professor of religion and a highly attained mystic; after this he became an inspired poet and a great lover of humanity. Shams’ companionship with Rumi was brief. Despite the fact that each was a perfect mirror for the other, Shams disappeared, not once but twice. The first time, Rumi’s son Sultan Veled searched for him and found him in Damascus.The second disappearance, however, proved to be final, and it is believed that he may have been murdered by orthodox Muslim theologians, and other people of Konya who resented his influence over Rumi.

Shams convinced Rumi that at certain moments it was possible to commune directly with God: Rather than believers simply being interpreters of the word of God, they could experience his presence directly. 
The effect on Rumi was immediate: abandoning his familial and scholarly responsibilities he gave all his time to learning as much as possible from Shams. The mystic came and went without explanation, and vanished permanently in 1248. From then on, Rumi devoted himself to poetry, and he primarily wrote about the topic of love. His verses, inspired by Shams—more than 30,000 in all—were collected in a work that he called "Diwan-i Shams-i-Tabriz" ('The Divan of Shams of Tabriz'). Stylistically, Rumi favoured the well established, "ghazal," a traditional Persian meter of up to twelve rhyming lines; and to a lesser extent, the "Rubai" quartrain form.
Rumi seems to have been permanently engaged in a search of divine inspiration and love. He saw and found his 'Muse' in various human and natural aspects of existence. After the "Divan" he completed his great masterpiece or "magnum opus", the "Mathnavi-i Ma'navi" ('The Mathnavi/Treatise Devoted to the Intrinsic Meaning of All Things'), which was dictated in its entirety to his student Hissam-ud-din Chelebi over the course of many years.
Although there had been a substantial Islamic mystical tradition prior to Rumi, his poetry transformed both thinking and ritual about it. For example, the famous centripetal dance of the dervishes - the "sema" ritual - is said to have its inspiration in Rumi's own movements around a pole in his garden as he mourned for his companion Shams. In time, these actions were adapted into Sufic practise by Rumi and then handed down to his favoured disciples who institutionalized them into the activities of the Mevlevi Order that they founded in their Master's honour.

Rumi died on December 17, 1273 AD and his "Urs" (Spiritual anniversary/festival) is held every year on 8th December at his "Turbe" (shrine) in Konya.

Rumi's main works, all in Persian language, are

Rumi remains as important and vital as ever. The love poetry of Rumi has found great favor in the West as well as amongst the newer generation of Muslim youth throughout the Muslim world. For Turks, Afghans, Iranians, Tajiks, and other Central Asian Muslims as well as the Muslims of South Asia, Rumi's importance is considered above religious, national and ethnic borders. With his works being translated into many languages everywhere, other cultures and people in the world are now also approaching and understanding Rumi more deeply and at times, even trying to follow his teachings and 'Way'.

15. * See Maulana Jalaluddin Muhammad Rumi (1207-1273) in "Great Poets of Classical Persian" by R M Chopra, 2014, Sparrow Publication. 

Abu-Shakur Balkhi

Abu-Shakur Balkhi (born 915 in Balkh) (Persian: بوشکور بلخی) or Boshakor Balkhi was a Persian poet. He lived in the Samanid era in central Asian Persia and wrote the Afarin Nama in 944. He died in Balkh, now in modern Afghanistan.

Nasir Khusraw

Abu Mo’in Hamid al-Din Nasir ibn Khusraw Qubadiani Marvzi (1004-1088), also known as Nāsir Khusraw Qubādiyānī Balkhi or Nasir Khusraw Balkhi was a Persian poet. He was born in a village near Balkh in modern Afghanistan. He knew about science, medicine, mathematics, astronomy and astrology. He had studied Arabic, Turkish, Greek, Hindi, Sindhi, Hebrew and Persian. He wrote the Safarnama. In Safarnama, Naser Khosrow described his journey to Mecca, Cairo and Jerusalem and many other cities. His poems are collected in a diwan. He died in Yamagan, a village in Afghanistan.

Anvari

Hakīm Awhad ad-Din Ali ibn Mohammad Khavarani Anvari Abivardi (1126-1189) () or Anvari is a Persian poet. He was born in Abivard (a village between Iran and Turkmenistan) and died in Balkh (now in Afghanistan). He studied science and literature in Tun, a city in Iran. He studied science, astronomy, medicine and literature. Anvari knew Persian, Arabic, Turkish, Hindi, and even Hebrew. Anwari's poems are collected in a Diwan. He was known as the king of poets in Seljuk empire royal house.

Old World Underground, Where Are You Now?

Old World Underground, Where Are You Now? is a 2003 album by Canadian band Metric. There are six videos that came out for this album between 2003/04, they are (directors in brackets): 

"Combat Baby" was also a single in the UK.

All tracks written by Metric.




Metric's official website has short clips of this album on their music page .

Lyrics for this album can be found on Metric's website .

Mohammad Reza Pahlavi

Mohammad Reza Pahlavi (, October 16, 1919 – July 27, 1980) was the last Shah of Iran from the 1941 abdication of his father, until the Iranian Revolution in 1979. After the 1979 revolution, led by Ruhollah Khomeini the government of Iran changed into an Islamic republic.

He died at a Cairo hospital from chronic lymphocytic leukemia on July 27, 1980 at the age of 60.

Mehdi Bazargan

Mehdi Bazargan (; 1 September, 1907 in Bazargan – 20 January, 1995) or Mahdi Bazargan was an Iranian scholar. He protested against the Shah regime in Iran. He was jailed many times for political reasons. Bazargan was Iran's first prime minister after the Iranian Revolution in 1979. He was against the United States Embassy hostage taking. He was also against the continuation of Iran-Iraq war. He resigned on November 4, 1981. Bazargan died of a heart attack on January 20, 1995 when he was travelling from Tehran to Zürich, Switzerland.

Gazelle

Gazelles are a kind of antelope. They are in the genera "Gazella", "Eudorcas" and "Nanger".

Gazelles are mostly found in the grasslands and savannas of Africa, but they are also found in southwest Asia. Gazelles are known as fast animals. They can reach high speeds for long periods of time. They usually live in herds. They eat plants and leaves. They show a special way of running slowly and jumping high when they are chased by lions or cheetahs.

Gazelle comes from the Arabic "ghazăl" ().


American Idiot (album)

American Idiot is the 7th album by the American punk rock band Green Day. It was released in 2004. The following songs are on the album:


First Division

1st Division or First Division can mean:


Kabyle language

Kabyle is a Berber language (Kabyle: "", "taqbaylit", pronounced ) spoken by the Kabyle people. There are 3,123,000 speakers worldwide, the majority in Algeria, where there are more 2,000,000 speakers.

Kabyle was (with some exceptions) rarely written before the 20th century; however, in recent years a small but increasing body of literature has been printed. The originally oral poetry of Si Mohand and Ait Menguellet are particularly notable in this respect.

Slackware

Slackware is a GNU/Linux distribution which is famous for being stable, fast and suitable for older computers. Slackware is the oldest Linux distribution that is still supported. 

It does not offer any graphical tools for configuration; rather, the person must change it on their own using the command line interface and by editing text files.

The newest version is Slackware 15.0.



Tropical Storm Bret (2005)

Tropical Storm Bert was a weak storm that only lasted from June 28 to June 29. Bret hit the eastern coast of Mexico on June 29 before dying inland. Bret was also the second storm of the 2005 Atlantic hurricane season.

Tropical Storm Bert formed close to land over the Bay of Campeche on June 28 before making landfall on Mexico a few hours later on June 29. Bert killed a total of two people.

Tropical Depression Two formed from a tropical wave over the Bay of Campeche on June 28, and quickly strengthened and became a tropical storm. Bret then began to move steadily closer to land during the next few hours before making landfall near Tuxpan, Veracruz in eastern Mexico early on June 29 with 40 mph (65 km/h) winds.

Bret quickly weakened as it continued inland, making heavy rain over the eastern coast of Mexico before dissipating over the mountains in central Mexico late on June 29.

Damages in Mexico totaled up to $9 million (2005 USD).
Most of the damage came from floods and landslides caused by the heavy rain. Several towns were flooded very badly, including Naranjos and Chinampa (south of Tampico). This was mainly because of the overflowing of the Río Tancochin. A total of about 3,000 homes were damaged.

Two people were reported dead because of Bret. Two people inside a car were killed when the car was swept away by the floodwaters in Naranjos.



Tropical Storm Harvey (2005)

Tropical Storm Harvey was a strong tropical storm that moved across the Atlantic Ocean from August 2 to August 8. Harvey was the eighth named storm of the 2005 Atlantic hurricane season. The storm caused no damages.

Harvey formed from a tropical wave to the southwest of Bermuda on August 2 and passed close to Bermuda on August 4, bringing heavy rain to the island. The storm then began to move east and away from Bermuda, which the storm then reached its strongest strength with 65 mph (100 km/h) before becoming an extratropical cyclone on August 8. The system stayed in the northern Atlantic Ocean for a few more days before it died out later.

A tropical wave moved west from the African coast on July 22 and went across the Atlantic Ocean without becoming stronger. When the wave came across the Leeward Islands on July 28, the National Hurricane Center began to watch the system closely for any possible strengthening, which did not happen at that time. By August 2, conditions had become more favorable and Tropical Depression Eight formed about 350 miles (595 km) southwest of Bermuda.

The depression strengthened into Tropical Storm Harvey the next day. But a lot of wind shear gave Harvey some subtropical characteristics and also made the official forecasts to underestimate the future strength of the storm.

Harvey passed 45 miles (75 km) south of Bermuda early on August 4, with winds of 60 mph (90 km/h), before removing its subtropical characteristics to become a "fully tropical" storm. As it moved northeast away from the island, the storm strengthened more to its strongest with winds of 65 mph (100 km/h). Without any notice, more wind shear did not cause Harvey to weaken somewhat, although the storm's path did become confusing. Harvey became a strong extratropical storm during the night on August 8. The storm lived for a few more days before dissipating northwest of the Azores on August 14.

As Tropical Storm Harvey came closer to Bermuda, a tropical storm warning was given out late on August 2. Because it was considered possible for the storm to continue gaining strength, a hurricane watch was given out the next day. As the storm began move away from Bermuda on August 4, the hurricane watch and the tropical storm warning were cancelled.

Harvey brought heavy rain to Bermuda, with just over 5 inches (130 mm) reported at Bermuda International Airport. The rain caused some flooding of the roads. Also, there was a report of 45 mph (75 km/h) winds over Bermuda. The storm did not cause any bad damage or kill any people on the island.

When Tropical Storm Harvey formed on August 3, it was the earliest time ever in a season that the eighth tropical storm formed. It beat the previous record held by a storm in. This was the fourth time that the name Harvey had been used to name a tropical cyclone in the Atlantic. It was also the sixth time worldwide. However, because Harvey did not cause any bad damage, the name was not retired by the World Meteorological Organization and will be used again during the 2011 season.



Flash Gordon

Flash Gordon is a science fiction adventure story that began as a comic strip in 1934. Since then, the Flash Gordon story has been made into movies, TV shows and a radio show. 

In the story, Flash Gordon and Dale Arden blast off into space in a rocket invented by the strange Dr. Hans Zarkov. They travel to the planet Mongo, where the evil Emperor Ming plans to take over the Earth. Flash, Dale and Zarkov have to make friends with the other people on Mongo, to battle Ming and stop his plans.

A new "Flash Gordon" TV show premieres on the Sci Fi Channel in August 2007.

2 (number)

2 (Two; ) is a number, numeral, and glyph. It is the number after 1 (one) and the number before 3 (three). In Roman numerals, it is II.

Two has many meanings in math. For example: formula_1. An integer is "even" if half of it equals an integer. If the last digit of a number is even, then the number is even. This means that if you multiply 2 times anything, it will end in 0, 2, 4, 6, or 8.

Two is the smallest, first, and only even prime number. The next prime number is three. Two and three are the only prime numbers next to each other. The even numbers above two are not prime because they are divisible by 2.

Fractions with 2 in the bottom do not yield infinite.

Two is the framework of the binary system used in computers. The binary way is the simplest system of numbers where natural numbers (0-9) can be written.

Two also has the unique property that 2+2 = 2·2 = 2 and 2! + 2 = 2.

Powers of two are important to computer science.

The square root of two was the first known irrational number.

Regina, Saskatchewan

Regina is the capital and second largest city of Saskatchewan, Canada. It is in the eastern prairie region of Western Canada. It is nicknamed "The Queen City" because it was named after Queen Victoria, i.e. Victoria Regina, in 1882, by her daughter Princess Louise, who was the wife of the then-Governor General the Marquess of Lorne.

Regina was also previously the seat of government for the North-West Territories, which were once formed part of today's Saskatchewan and Alberta provinces, and also of the District of Assiniboia. Regina is expected to enter a new period of strong economic growth due to Saskatchewan's agricultural and mineral resources coming into new demand.

The Saskatchewan Roughriders of the Canadian Football League are the only professional sports team in Regina. They play their home games in Regina at Mosaic Stadium. Regina also has the Regina Pats of the Western Hockey League and the University of Regina's Regina Cougars/Regina Rams of the CIS.



Success

Success may mean:


Parachute

A parachute uses drag to slow something moving in air. It is often an umbrella shaped device on which people or things can float slowly and safely down to the ground from a great height, such as an aircraft.

The word parachute comes from the French words "parer" meaning to protect and "chute" meaning fall carefully down making sure you are safe. Drogue parachutes are used to aid horizontal deceleration of a vehicle (a fixed-wing aircraft, or a drag racer), or to provide stability (tandem free-fall, or space shuttle after touchdown).

Parachutes are used in a sport called skydiving. Paratroopers are soldiers who attack by jumping from an airplane.

The word "parachute" comes from "para", meaning "against" or "counter" in Ancient Greek, and "chute", the French word for "fall". In many other languages, the word refers to "falling-screen", such as German "Fallschirm". Some modern parachutes are classified as semi-rigid wings, which are maneuverable and can make a controlled descent to break on impact with the ground.

The inventor Leonardo Da Vinci sketched a parachute in his "Codex Atlanticus" (fol. 381v), in about 1485. Leonardo's canopy was held open by a square wooden frame. The feasibility of Leonardo's pyramidal design was successfully tested in 2000 by the Briton Adrian Nicholas and again in 2008 by another skydiver. According to the historian of technology Lynn White, these conical and pyramidal designs, much more elaborate than early artistic jumps with rigid parasols in Asia, mark "the origin of the parachute as we know it".

The parachute package is called "rig". It consists of backpack, harness and canopy. The backpack is the container in which the parachute is stored, and which opens up when the parachute is deployed. The harness is the strapping on which the backpack is attached to the jumper. Modern harnesses have leg straps, vertical (upwards) straps and chest strap which can be tightened snug. The fabric part of the parachute is called "canopy". It is attached to the harness by lines, which themselves attach to four straps called "risers". The canopy may be round, bell-like, resembling like a jellyfish, or the canopy may be a mattress-like, resembling a wing profile. Most army parachutes are bell parachutes, while most recreational, rescue and professional parachutes are wing parachutes.

Usually the backpack contains not just one but two parachutes: "main" parachute, which is opened normally, and "reserve" parachute, which is opened in an emergency situation, such as when the main does not open or is tangled. The use of reserve parachute have saved thousands of jumpers who would otherwise have died.

Old-fashioned bell parachutes were opened by pulling a rip cord. Modern parachutes do not have rip cords anymore, but the skydiver simply throws a small auxiliary (helper) parachute called "pilot chute" into air. This small auxiliary chute then pulls the main parachute canopy out of its pod in the backpack and it inflates (fills with air) automatically.

A parachute is carefully folded, or "packed" to ensure that it will open reliably. If a parachute is not packed properly it may result in death since the main parachute might fail to deploy (open and develop) correctly or fully. In the U.S. and many developed countries, emergency and reserve parachutes are packed by "riggers" who must be trained and certified according to legal standards. Sport skydivers are always trained to pack their own primary "main" parachutes. Many skydivers never let anyone else to pack their parachutes because they know the rig is correctly packed when they have done it themselves.

Parachutes can malfunction in several ways. Malfunctions can range from minor problems that can be corrected in-flight and still be landed, to catastrophic malfunctions that require the main parachute to be cut away using a modern 3-ring release system, and the reserve be deployed. Most skydivers also equip themselves with small barometric computers (known as an AAD or automatic activation device like Cypres, FXC or Vigil) that will automatically activate the reserve parachute if the skydiver has not deployed a parachute to reduce his rate of descent by a preset altitude.



United States Capitol

The United States Capitol is the building where the United States Congress meets. It is the center of the legislative branch of the U.S. federal government. It is in Washington, D.C., on top of Capitol Hill at the east end of the National Mall.

The capitol has a large dome in the center, above a rotunda—a large space that is shaped like a circle. There are two "wings" that are connected to the rotunda on opposite sides. The north wing is where the Senate meets and the south wing is where the House of Representatives meets. These wings are also called "chambers". On the top floors of the chambers are "galleries", or balconies where people can watch the Senate and House of Representatives from above.

The Statue of Freedom is on top of the capitol.

The first capital city of the United States was New York City. At this time, Congress met in City Hall (Federal Hall) from 1785 to 1790. When the capital was moved to Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, from 1790 to 1800, the Philadelphia County Building () became the capitol. In 1800, the capital moved again to Washington, D.C., and a new capitol building was built.

The capitol was designed by William Thornton. Construction started in 1793, but it was not completely finished until almost twenty years later. The Senate started to meet in the capitol in 1800, when the Senate wing was finished. The House started to meet in the capitol in 1807, even though the House wing was not finished until 1811.

At that time, it was not as big as it is now. The dome in the center of the building was smaller and made of wood. In 1814, the capitol was set on fire by the British Army during the War of 1812. In the 1850s and 1860s, the capitol was fully repaired, and the wooden dome was replaced with a larger iron dome. The walls of the Senate wing were painted with many murals about events in American History. Inside the rotunda, a large fresco was also painted on the ceiling during the repair.

The Supreme Court also met in the Capitol until its own building was completed in 1935.

The Capitol Dome is 8,909,200 pounds (4,009 tonnes) of cast-iron with 108 windows, and was constructed between 1855 and 1866.

On January 6, 2021, supporters of US President Donald Trump stormed into the capitol. This caused a lockdown in the building.



Strut bar

A car's strut bar or strut brace is to prevent body roll by bracing the top of the strut towers together.

Front-wheel drive

Front-wheel drive, or FWD, is a car setup, where the car's power is at the front wheels. This makes the car safe in wet and snowy conditions, because it has better traction, or grip, to the road. But, FWD can cause uneven weight, which may cause brakes to fail if used for large periods of time.

Rear-wheel drive

Rear-wheel drive, or RWD, is when a car uses its rear wheels to move. This is good for dry roads, and for acceleration, or how fast you move forward, as the weight is pushed backwards on the back wheels. But, RWD cars can spin out, also called oversteer or fishtail. This can cause crashes if the driver is new and not familiar with RWD cars.

Wireless

The word wireless is used to refer to any type of electrical or electronic operation which is done without a "hard wired" connection. Wireless communication is the transfer of information over a distance without the use of wires. The distances involved may be short (when using a television remote control) or very long (thousands or even millions of kilometers for radio communications).

One of the most popular wireless technology is the mobile phone, with more than 6.8 billion subscriptions worldwide as of 2013. The term wireless technology is generally used for mobile information technology (IT) equipment. Examples include mobile phones, personal digital assistants (PDAs), Global Positioning System (GPS) units, garage door openers, wireless computer mice and keyboards, satellite television and cordless telephones.

The world's first wireless telephone conversation happened in 1880, when Alexander Graham Bell and Charles Sumner Tainter invented photophone, a telephone that made conversations wirelessly using light beams. In 1946, a driver in Saint Louis, Mo. placed the first cell phone call in history. The cell phone was invented by Bell Labs and future AT&T CEO, H.I Romnes. 


Centrifuge

A centrifuge is a device with a motor in it, which is used to spin an object with high speed. This high speed spinning forces the object outwards. This force is used for several purposes:


Shah

Shah () is a Persian word which means the king or ruler of a country. This word is used in different countries in the world, including Iran, India, Pakistan and Afghanistan. Presently the term "Shah" is used as a surname commonly by many people in India, Pakistan and Afghanistan who are Hindu, Muslim and Jain. Many Indian names which have "Shah" in them; the most famous of them is Shah Jahan, who as the Emperor of India ordered the creation of Taj Mahal. One possible etymology of the chess term "checkmate" is the Persian "shah mat", meaning "the king cannot escape"

The term "Shah" often means Mohammad Reza Pahlavi, Shah of Iran from 1949 to 1979.

Approval voting

Approval voting is a voting system used for elections. In approval voting, each person can vote for any number of candidates they like. The votes for each of the candidates are counted, and summed up. The candidate or candidates with most votes are chosen as the winners of the election.

Supporters argue it to be better than plurality voting because voters can vote for the lessor of evils advertised by the media but also for their favorite candidates. If their goal is just to vote against a candidate, they can do so more forcefully by approving all other candidates. Ballots can easily be hand counted if voters do not trust computers, which might be needed for Instant Runoff Voting. Vote spoiling is not an issue with approval voting, so many candidates may run for office.

Opponents argue that voters still have some of the problems of plurality voting, which is that they do not know if they will need to compromise their vote or not(tactical voting). Giving approval to a compromise candidate could result in that compromise candidate winning, when their favorite would have won had they not given approval to the compromise candidate. It is possible for 51% of voters (a majority) to view a candidate as their first choice but for that candidate to lose to a compromise candidate because many of those voters approved the compromise candidate as well. Not knowing whether or not to compromise is a problem with all voting systems when at least three strong candidates run.

Agar plate

An agar plate is a Petri dish that contains agar and some nutrients (food for the microorganisms). It is used to grow microorganisms. For example, a blood sample of a patient may be put on agar plate, to let the bacteria that made the patient sick grow. These bacteria can then be identified using a microscope to let the doctor choose the appropriate treatment of the patient.

When microorganisms grow on the agar plate, they form colonies. Each colony has similar genetic characteristics. 

There are many types of agar plates that are used, but the two main types are defined and undefined. An undefined plate's nutrients aren't exactly known, but everything in a defined plate is accounted for.


Al-Hallaj

Abū al-Mughīth Hossein ibn Manūr Al Hallāj (c. 858 - March 26, 922) () or Hallaj was a Persian poet and writer. Hallaj was born in Shūshtar, Iran. Hallaj memorized the Quran when he was young. He taught Sufism in Baghdad. Muslim scholars were against his teachings. He was imprisoned in Baghdad for eleven years. In the end, he was tortured and he was beheaded by Abbasid rulers.

Again

"Again" is the name of many songs:

Conical measure

A conical measure is a piece of laboratory equipment which is used to store and mix liquids.

A conical measure is a conical, or in the shape of a cone. It has a wide top so that liquids can be poured in more easily and marks on the side of it to help measure the amount of liquid more easily. They can be made of plastic or glass.

A conical measure can be used in any pouring, measuring or mixing of liquids. This means that it is useful in:
They are also useful in homes as a measuring cup for cooking.

Conical measures are not very accurate, but are easy to use and to mix liquids in.


Unsuri

Abu Al Qasim Hasan ibn Ahmad Unsuri Balkhi (d. 1039/1040) () or Unsuri was a Persian poet. He was born in Balkh, in modern Afghanistan. He became the poet of Sultan Mahmud Ghaznavi. Mahmud Ghaznavi called him "King of Poets". All of his poems are in Persian. His poems are collected in a Divan.

Ali Shariati

Ali Shariati Mazinani (1933-1977) (Persian: علی شريعتی مزینانی) or Shariati was an Iranian Muslim philosopher, sociologist, poet and writer.

Shariati was born in 1933 in Mazinan, Iran. He studied sociology in the University of Paris. He returned to Iran in 1964. When he returned to Iran, the Shah regime arrested and imprisoned him for political reasons. He was released in 1965. Shariati began teaching at the University of Mashhad. He began lecturing at the Hosseiniye Ershad institute in 1967. The Shah regime arrested him again. When he was freed in 1975, he was not allowed to teach or publish anything. Shariati decided to leave the country for England. Three weeks later he died in Southampton under suspicious circumstances. He was buried in Damascus, Syria.




Kisai Marvazi

Abul Hasan Abu Ishaq Kasa'i Marvazi (or Marvzi) (953 - 10th century) 
() or Kasai is a Persian poet. He was born in Marv. He was a poet in the court of Mahmud Ghaznavi. He converted to Shia Islam. He has praised Ali ibn Abi Talib many times in his poems. All of his poems are in Persian. His poems are collected in a Diwan.

Farrokhi Sistani

Abul Hasan Ali ibn Julugh Farrukhi Sistani (c. 980 - 1037 or 1038) () or Farrokhi is a Persian poet. Farrokhi was the best poet in the court of Mahmud Ghaznavi. All of his poems are in Persian. His poems are collected in a Divan.

Mu'izzi

Amir Abdollah Muhammad Mu'izzi (1048-1125) was an 11th century and 12th century poet. He was from Persia, and was the poet laureate of Sanjar. He was from the village of Nisa. He is considered one of the great masters of the Persian panegyric qasideh.

He lived in the courts of Malik Shah I and Sultan Sanjar. His "divan" of 18,000 distichs remain. Anvari says Mu'izzi copied the verses of other poets (this cannot be proven for certain). Anvari himself is known to have copied Mu'izzi's verses. Mu'izzi is said to have died by an arrow shot by the King's son in 1125 for unknown reasons. He was accidentally shot by Sanjar.

Ghazel of Mu'izzi in Tajik:

translation -



Khaqani Shirvani

Afzal ad- Din Badil Ibrahim ibn Ali Nadjar Khaqani Shirvani (1120-1190) () or Khaghani Shirvani was a Persian poet. His most famous poem is "The Arch of Madain"(). He wrote the poem book "Tohfat-ul Iraqein" (in Persian: تحفه العراقين meaning A Gift from the Two Iraqs) in his journey to Mesopotamia. The Shirvanshah ordered his officers to imprison him. Khaghani was in prison for nearly five years. In prison, he wrote the poems called Habsiyye (, meaning "The Prison Book"). After he was freed, he moved to Tabriz. Khaghani died in Tabriz.

The Seasons (Haydn)

The Seasons (German: "Die Jahreszeiten") is an oratorio by Joseph Haydn. An oratorio is a long musical work with orchestra, choir and solo singers. It usually tells a story from the Old Testament of the Bible. "The Seasons" is different. It is about the four seasons of the year. It describes nature and people's relationship to nature during the year.

"The Seasons" was the last big work that Haydn composed. He composed it in 1801. By this time he was the most famous composer in Europe. Mozart had died ten years earlier, and Beethoven was a young man who was just starting to become famous. Haydn was nearly 80 years old and his health was not good. Although he lived another eight years "The Seasons" was the last big work he wrote. Soon after he had composed it he stopped composing altogether.

Haydn had only written one big oratorio before "The Seasons". This was an oratorio called "The Creation". It had been performed in 1798 and was very popular all over Europe. The libretto (the words) had been written by Baron Gottfried van Swieten who was an Austrian nobleman who liked music. He had helped Mozart in his career and now he was helping Haydn. He wanted Haydn to write a second oratorio, so he wrote the libretto for "The Seasons". He used a long English poem with the same title by James Thomson (1700-1748). He made it much shorter and changed it so that it was suitable to be set to music, and he translated it into German. 

Haydn took two years to write the music. It was first performed in Vienna on 24 April 1801. The audience liked it, although not as much as "The Creation". One problem was that Haydn was not very happy about the libretto. He thought that oratorios should be about serious, dramatic stories from the Bible or from classical mythology, not about everyday life. Van Swieten was not very happy when Haydn criticized it, but he did not change it, and Haydn did his best to make the work interesting.

The oratorio is divided into four parts, one for each of the seasons: Spring, Summer, Autumn and Winter. Each part lasts at least half an hour and consists of the usual recitatives (which tell the story), arias (songs), choruses (for the choir) and ensemble numbers (for the soloists together and often the chorus as well). There are three soloists (instead of the usual four). They represent three simple country people. There is a soprano called Hanne, a tenor called Lucas and a bass called Simon. Hanne is supposed to be Simon's daughter. There is no storyline in the normal sense: it is a series of poems and thoughts about nature during the year. 

The opening of "Spring" describes winter going away and spring awakening. There is a chorus which sounds very pastoral (like the countryside) with its 6/8 rhythm and drones (like country bagpipes). Simon then sings about the farmer sowing his seed. He is accompanied by a bassoon which sounds like a lively farmer tilling the earth. There is a gentle hymn of praise with a fugue which sounds like one from Mozart's Requiem. Hanne invites the girls and Simon invites the men to go to the fields and admire the earth, water and air. A chorus praises God.

The music describes the countryside. The farmer is called to work in the morning (the oboe wakes him up). The sun rises. Again we thank God for nature. By midday it has become very hot. Later there are insects buzzing and we hear a shepherd playing on his pipe (the oboe). Everything is very dry at first, then there is a storm. The timpani make the sound of the thunder. When the storm has finished everyone is happy. We hear the birds singing, the frog croaking and the evening bell chimes eight times. The day's work is done.

The words at first are about hard work and the rewards for hard work (Haydn thought these were strange words to set to music). Then there is a duet for a loving young couple (Lucas and Hanne). This is the only time that the soloists feel like real characters in a story and talk to one another. Autumn is the hunting season, so there is hunting music. It sounds quite old-fashioned (like Baroque music). The bassoon is the hound (the dog). The hounds become hungry and the music gets faster and faster until, suddenly, the dogs and the music stop. There is a gunshot (timpani) as the deer is shot. Autumn finishes with a drinking chorus.

At first, there is thick winter fog. Then there is a short song (short because nothing grows in winter). Then there is a story about a traveller who is lost in the snow and comes to a cottage where he finds shelter. Hanne and the chorus sing a song about a spinning wheel. Many other composers later wrote music which describes a spinning wheel turning. There is another song which tells a story about a rich nobleman who tries to make love to a country girl but she escapes by riding off on his horse so he is left with no horse and no girl. At times this music sounds quite like the music in Mozart's opera "The Magic Flute". Simon sings an aria which compares the seasons with the different stages of life (the seasons are used as a metaphor). Finally the chorus sing about the dawn of life in heaven. The oratorio and the seasons start all over again. The soloists, who have been three country people, are now three angels. There is a final hymn of praise.

Sohrab Sepehri

Sohrab Sepehri (; October 7, 1928 - April 21, 1980) was an Iranian poet and painter. He was born in Kashan, Iran. His poems are in Persian. His most famous poetry book is Hasht Ketab (Eight Books). His poems have been translated to French, English, Arabic, Italian, Swedish, Hindi and Russian. Sohrab Sepehri died in Tehran.

Shabestari

Mahmud Shabestari (1288-1340; ) is a Persian Sufi poet. He was born in the city of Tabriz. His most famous poem is called "Gulshan-i Rāz" (Persian: meaning "A Secret Rose Garden"). "Gulshan-i Rāz" is an important Sufi text.

Jami

Nur ad-Din Abd ar-Rahman Jami (, August 18, 1414–November 19, 1492), or Jami, was a Persian Sufi poet. He was born in Jam, Persia. He studied science, Arabic literature, natural sciences, Islamic philosophy and Indian literature in Herat University. He went to Samarqand and completed his studies there. Jami wrote eighty seven books, in Persian and Arabic. Some of his books have been translated to English. His poems are collected in a Divan.

Saadi

Sheikh Muslih-ud-Din Mushrif-ibn-Abdullah Saadi Shirazi (1184-1291) () or Saadi was a Persian poet. He was born in Shiraz, Iran. He went to Baghdad to study Arabic literature and Islamic sciences in Nizamiyya University of Baghdad. He travelled to Anatolia, Syria, Egypt and Iraq. His most famous poetry book is the "Bostan" (, meaning The Orchard). He also wrote the "Golestan" (, meaning The Rosery). His poems are in Persian and Arabic.

Saint-Paul, Réunion

Saint-Paul, Réunion is the second largest city in Réunion. The largest is Saint-Denis. In 2008, a train which connects Saint-Paul to Saint-Denis and the main international airport in Réunion will be completed. 


Iraj Mirza

Jalalolmamalek pesar-e Gholam-Hossein Mirza (October 1874 - 14 March 1926) () or Iraj Mirza () was an Iranian poet. He was born in Tabriz, Iran.

His most famous poems are Satan (in Persian: "Ebleess"), Mother (in Persian: "Maadar"), Woman's picture (in Persian "Tassvir-e-Zan"), Story of the Hijab (in Persian "Daastaan-e Chaador") and the story of Zohreh and Manouchehr (in Persian: "Daastaan e Zohreh o Manouchehr").

He died in Tehran on 14 March 1926. His tomb is in Shemiran, north of Tehran.

Federal

Federal could mean:

Federalism

Federalism is a political philosophy in which a group of people are bound together, with a governing head. In a federation, the authority is divided between the head (for example the national government of a country) and the political units governed by it (for example the states or provinces of the country).

Several countries in the world have a federal government; examples are United States of America, Canada, Nigeria, Australia, India, Brazil, Switzerland, Germany, and Austria. The European Union can be called a sort of federal government as well.

In the United States Constitution for example, the federal government and state governments both have power. When states and the federal government do not agree on something, the federal government can sue the state in court using the Supremacy Clause in Article VI of the Constitution. This case can go as far as the Supreme Court to decide which side is right. The federal government does not always do this. It has taken no action when several states made marijuana legal or when prostitution was made legal in parts of Nevada. It has sued over an immigration law in Arizona.

Federation

A federation is a union of a number of self-governing states or regions, which are joined together under a central government. The central government is not able to do a lot of things that central government in more centralized states can. These things are done by the states (or regions) in a federalized state.

The United States of America is a federation. The federal (central) government has the highest executive role. However, state governments can exercise any powers as long as those powers are not assigned to the federal government (by the United States Constitution) and if those powers are not prohibited by the states themselves.

Australia became a Federation in 1901.

After the 1971 civil war, Pakistan became a Federation adopted in the 1973 Constitution of Pakistan.

Other examples of federal states are Austria, Belgium (since 1993), Canada, Germany, Russia and Switzerland.

Federal republic

A federal republic is a federation of states, with a republican form of central government. It differs from a unitary state in that in a federal republic, the authorities of the state governments cannot be taken back by the central government.

A republic is a country belonging to the people, whereas a federation is a form of government where by regional divisions are not branches of the central government. Thus, a federal republic has power divisions and regional governments fall under the power domain of the national government. 

Many countries have a federal republic government; for example, the Republic of Austria, the Federal Republic of Brazil, the Federal Democratic Republic of Ethiopia, the Federal Republic of Germany, the Republic of India, the United Mexican States, the Swiss Confederation, the Federal Republic of Nigeria, the Islamic Republic of Pakistan, the Bolivarian Republic of Venezuela, and the United States of America. As this list shows, some of these countries use "Federal Republic" in their name, and some do not. Federal Republics usually have presidents.

There can be more than one type of Federal republic. For example, the United States is a Constitutional Democratic Federal Republic. Ethiopia also has a Federal Republic government

The American Federal republican system has grown over the past 225 years. 

Square (disambiguation)

A square is a shape with four equal sides and four equal angles.

Square may also mean:




A town square or market square is an open area commonly found in the heart of a traditional town. Notable squares include:


Other locations called "Square" include:





Square (algebra)

In mathematics, a square of a number means the result of multiplying the number by itself. For example, the square of 6 is 6×6 = 36.

It is named this because squaring a number gives the area of a square.

Squaring a number can also be written as 6 = 36. Squaring is the same as raising to the power of 2.

Many of the units of area are squares. For example, a "square meter" means the area equal to the area of a rectangle which is one meter tall and one meter wide.


Pan (moon)

Pan is a moon of Saturn. It is the closest moon to the planet, orbiting 133,600 km above Saturn's cloud tops. It was discovered in 1990 by Mark Showalter. He discovered Pan when he was analysing the photos taken by Voyager 2. It orbits inside the Encke gap which it has made Saturn's A Ring.

Pan was named after the Greek god Pan on 16 September 1991. It is also known as .

Its mass is in the range formula_1.

Tropical Storm Franklin (2005)

Tropical Storm Franklin was a strong tropical storm that stayed in the western Atlantic Ocean for much of its life. Franklin was the sixth named storm of the 2005 Atlantic hurricane season and almost became a hurricane two times.

Tropical Storm Franklin formed north of the Bahamas on July 21 and moved steadily across the western Atlantic while coming close to Bermuda on July 26. Later, Franklin became an extratropical cyclone near Newfoundland, before being absorbed by another non-tropical system. Franklin caused no damages and killed no people while it stayed in the ocean during most of its life.

A tropical wave formed west from the African coast late on July 10. The wave entered the Bahamas on July 21 and strengthened into Tropical Depression Six while 70 miles (110 km) east of Eleuthera. Initially the storm was predicted to move in a clockwise loop and slowly move to the west in response to a high pressure system. Several models showed the possibility of the storm to change westward and move into central Florida. Anyhow, soon after the depression formed, it strengthened into Tropical Storm Franklin.

Tropical Storm Franklin suffered a lot of wind shear related with the development of Tropical Storm Gert, which made the forecasters at the National Hurricane Center to say that Franklin could be destroyed in the next few days. However the shear stopped as Franklin moved to the northeast, allowing the storm to strengthen. The forecasters now said that Franklin could "attain and maintain hurricane strength" and make a close approach to Bermuda.
Shortly after on July 23, Tropical Storm Franklin reached its strongest point with 70 mph (110 km/h) winds.

Franklin moved unevenly to the east while weakening as shear increased again. The NHC predicted that the storm would dissipate, but Frnaklin stopped weakening on July 25 with Franklin a minimal tropical storm. The storm passed to 200 miles (325 km) to the west of Bermuda on July 26 and moved slowly northwards into the warmer waters of the Gulf Stream. The shear also reduced once again allowing Franklin to re-strengthen somewhat, with winds reaching 60 mph (95 km/h) on July 28. Meanwhile, Franklin began to accelerate to the northeast becoming an extratropical cyclone on July 30 to the south of Newfoundland. The extratropical storm passed close to the southern tip of Newfoundland later that day and was absorbed by a larger system on July 31.

As Tropical Storm Franklin was forming, a tropical storm warning was issued for the northwest Bahamas, but it was cancelled as Franklin moved north and away from the islands. A tropical storm watch was given out to Bermuda on July 25 but was also cancelled a day later when Franklin moved away.

Tropical Storm Franklin developed very close to land in the Bahamas and passed close to Bermuda, but there were no reports of tropical storm force winds overland, with the strongest gust recorded on Bermuda being 37 mph (60 km/h). After Franklin became an extratropical storm, it affected parts of southeastern Newfoundland, bringing about 1 inch (25 mm) of rain to the area. There were no damages or fatalities reported from Tropical Storm Franklin.

When Franklin formed on July 21, it was the became earliest tropical cyclone ever in a season that the sixth tropical storm formed, breaking the previous record held by storm 6 from 1936 by 14 days. This was the first use of Franklin to name a tropical storm after the retirement of Hurricane Floyd from 1999. Because Frank filed to cause any deaths or damages, its the name was not retired by the World Meteorological Organization and will be on the list of names for the 2011 Season.



Atlas (moon)

Atlas is a moon of Saturn. It was discovered by Richard Terrile from photos taken by Voyager 1 in 1980. It was named after the Atlas in Greek mythology. It orbits just outside Saturn's "A ring".

Prometheus (moon)

Prometheus is a moon of Saturn. Prometheus was discovered by Stewart Collins from Voyager 1 photos in 1981. It was named after the god of the same name in Greek mythology. The moon acts as a shepherd satellite for the inner part of Saturn's "F ring".

Chris Daughtry

Christopher Adam "Chris" Daughtry (born December 26, 1979) is an American singer. He is best known for being the fourth-place finisher on "American Idol". He is also the lead singer of Daughtry. His band released their first album in 2006.


Pandora (moon)

Pandora is a moon of Saturn. The moon is named after Pandora in Greek mythology. It is the outer shepherd satellite of Saturn's "F ring", the inner satellite being Prometheus. Pandora has many craters in its surface.

Daphnis (moon)

Daphnis is a moon of Saturn. It is a tiny moon, measuring 6 to 8 km in diameter. It is discovered by the Cassini-Huygens space probe in 2005. It orbits inside the Keeler Gap in Saturn's rings.

Melinda Doolittle

Melinda Marie Doolittle (born October 6, 1977) is an American singer. She was a third-place finalist on "American Idol".


Epimetheus (moon)

Epimetheus is a moon of Saturn. Epimetheus was discovered by Richard Walker in 1966. At first, Epimetheus was thought to be same as Janus, another moon that orbits at the same distance from Saturn. It was confirmed by Voyager 1 in 1980 that they were two separate moons.

Janus (moon)

Janus is a moon of Saturn. It was discovered by Audouin Dollfus in 1966. Astronomers were first mistaken that another moon, Epimetheus, was the same as Janus. Voyager 1 confirmed in 1980 that there were two moons that share the same orbit.

Enceladus (moon)

Enceladus is a moon of Saturn. It is the sixth largest of Saturn's moons, and it has a diameter of 500 km. Enceladus is within Saturn's E ring and likely contributes material to it. The moon is made mostly out of water ice, so it reflects light very well. It reflects almost 100% of the sunlight that strikes the moon.William Herschel discovered Enceladus on August 28, 1789. In 2014, NASA reported that its Cassini spacecraft found evidence for liquid water on Enceladus. Scientists now think that there is a large underground ocean of liquid water, around 10 km thick, near Enceladus' south pole. There are also cryovolcanoes (cold volcanoes) near the south pole. These volcanoes shoot large jets of water vapor, other volatiles, and some solid particles like sodium chloride crystals and ice particles into space. Some of these substances become part of Saturn's E ring.

Tethys (moon)

Tethys (pronounced "TEE-this") is a large moon of the planet Saturn.

It was discovered by Giovanni Domenico Cassini in 1684. It was one of the first Saturnian moons discovered.

Tethys' mass is 617,551,805,221,061,000,000 kg, its density is 0.973 g/cm and its volume is 634,264,255 km.

It has a very large crater on its surface, called Odysseus. It is named after a Greek warrior king in Homer's two great works, "The Iliad" and "The Odyssey". There is also a very long valley called Ithaca Chasma. It is 100 km wide and 2000 km long.

Tethys takes 45.3 hours to orbit (go around) Saturn and orbits Saturn 294,660 km away. Tethys is tidally locked in phase with its parent planet - one side always faces toward Saturn.

Tropical Storm Jose (2005)

Tropical Storm Jose was a tropical storm that lived for a very short time from August 22 to 23. Jose was the tenth named storm of the 2005 Atlantic hurricane season which made landfall in eastern Mexico.

Tropical Storm Jose formed off the coast of Mexico in the western Gulf of Mexico on August 22 and made landfall on eastern Mexico the next day while at its strongest point with 60 mph (95 km/h) winds. Jose then quickly dissipated while inland and caused heavy rain. Jose killed a total of eight people (6 directly and 2 indirectly) who were all killed by landslides and caused $45 million in damage. 

On August 17 a tropical wave, probably from the same wave from which Tropical Depression Ten had developed from earlier in the month, began to organize in the central Caribbean. Convection steadily increased as it moved to the Yucatán Peninsula. The system then weakened while overland, and by the time when it entered the southweatern Gulf of Mexico on August 21 it hardly had any convection. However early in the morning of August 22 under highly favorable upper-level conditions, convection quickly increased and the system became Tropical Depression Eleven about 110 miles (175 km) east of Veracruz, Mexico. The depression quickly strengthened as it moved to the west, becoming Tropical Storm Jose just six hours later after forming.

The global model guidance originally failed to predict the storms track well, with some models showing that it would somehow stop offshore. Jose continued to strengthen as it moved towards the coast and made landfall in the state of Veracruz early on August 23 with winds at its strongest at 60 mph (90 km/h). As Jose made its landfall an eye was beginning to form, although the storm was still short of hurricane strength. Tropical Storm Jose quickly weakened after landfall and dissipated that afternoon in the mountains of central Mexico only 24 hours after forming.

Because Tropical Storm Jose formed so close to shore, there was only a lead time of less than 9 hours on the tropical storm warning given out on September 22 for the Veracruz coastline. The area covered by the warning was also enlarged southwards as Jose intensified, before being cancelled soon after landfall on September 23. The advisories that were given out by the National Hurricane Center stated that rainfall from Jose was the probably the biggest threat.

Tropical Storm Jose was responsible for damaging crops, highways and homes; flooding many areas in several cities in the state of Veracruz and 80,000 people had to be in shelters. The government of that state estimated the damages caused by the storm to be about $45 million (2005 US dollars). An estimated 120 cities were affected by the rains, but the majority of the damage was limited to eight of them: Martínez de la Torre, Misantla, Nautla, San Rafael, Vega de la Torre, Actopan, Cardel and Úrsulo Galván. Damage to the highway infrastructure was estimated at $33 million (2005 USD).

It was also reported that the storm damaged at least 16 thousand homes and about 250 square kilometres (60 thousand acres) of land used for cattle. In addition, over 420 square kilometres (103 thousand acres) of various crops, including sugar cane, corn and bananas, were flooded. Many boats were also lost as a result of Jose. 90 active medical brigades were sent to the region to reduce the risk of infections to the affected people living in the destroyed area.

In addition, Jose was responsible for killing people six directly. One of these deaths was the result of a landslide that killed a man in Xalapa, Veracruz. The other five deaths were also due to landslides in Oaxaca.
<br><br><br>

When Tropical Storm Jose formed on August 22, it was the earliest date for the formation of the tenth tropical storm in an Atlantic hurricane season, breaking the previous record held by Tropical Storm Jerry from 1995 by 1 day. This was also the third time the name "Jose" had been used to name a tropical cyclone in the Atlantic. As Tropical Storm Jose create any major damages, its name was not retired by the World Meteorological Organization and will be on the list of names for the 2011 season.



Thread

Thread could mean:

Hurricane Cindy (2005)

Hurricane Cindy was a tropical cyclone that reached minimal hurricane strength for a very short time in the Gulf of Mexico during July and made landfall in Louisiana. It was the third named storm and first hurricane of the 2005 Atlantic hurricane season. Cindy was originally thought to have been a strong tropical storm at its strongest strength, but was upgraded to a Category 1 hurricane in the post-storm analysis.

Hurricane Cindy formed on July 3 just east of the Yucatán Peninsula in the Caribbean Sea. The depression soon made landfall on the peninsula and weakened before entering in the Gulf of Mexico on July 4. The storm restrengthened as it moved north becoming a hurricane just before making landfall on southern Louisiana on July 5. The storm weakened as it moved inland and became extratropical on July 7.

Cindy was responsible for a total of 3 deaths in the United States and`for bringing heavy rains to Louisiana, Mississippi, Alabama and Maryland. An unusually strong F2 tornado formed from Cindy's remnants and caused a lot of damage in Hampton, Georgia. Cindy also caused flooding and a very big blackout in New Orleans, Louisiana, which encouraged the people to evacuate when Hurricane Katrina destroyed the city in the next month.

On June 24 a strong tropical wave formed off the African coast and moved quickly west across the Atlantic Ocean without any strengthening. The wave steadily became more organized as it came to the Caribbean Sea and late on July 3 it strengthened into Tropical Depression Three about 80 miles (130 km) east of Chetumal, Mexico. The models originally had difficulty predicting the future path of the depression and the forecasts from the National Hurricane Center agreed with this, predicting that the depression would maybe hit Texas. Anyhow, the depression developed quickly before making landfall on Yucatán Peninsula early on July 4 with 35 mph (55 km/h) winds. Cindy then began to lose its most of its strength and organization as it moved inland.

A new center of organization began forming later on July 4 when Cindy entered the Gulf of Mexico. This reorganization caused a notable change in the models, which now predicted a landfall in Louisiana. The depression moved north in the Gulf of Mexico and became a Tropical Storm Cindy early on July 5. Weakened shear allowed Cindy to strengthen more as it approached Louisiana and was a minimal hurricane with 75 mph (120 km/h) winds for a very short time when it made landfall near Grand Isle late on July 5. While it was thought that Cindy did not originally reach hurricane strength, but post-season re-analysis confirmed the upgrade.

Hurricane Cindy weakened back into a tropical storm as it crossed over southeastern Louisiana and Breton Sound before making a second landfall near Waveland, Mississippi with 50 mph (85 km/h) winds on July 6. Cindy moved to the northeast over Mississippi and Alabama, weakening to a tropical depression that day. The depression became extratropical over South Carolina on July 7 and moved to the northeast dissipating in the Atlantic Ocean on July 9.

About 300,000 homes and businesses in southeast Louisiana and the Mississippi coastline lost electrical power while a storm surge of 4–6 feet (1.2-1.8 meters) affected the same area, causing some beach erosion in southern Louisiana.

In New Orleans, Louisiana, wind gusts reached 70 mph (110 km/h), many trees were destroyed or uprooted and various street flooding was reported. As thousands lost electrical power, the city experienced its worst blackout since Hurricane Betsy 40 years earlier. Although at the time, Cindy was still listed as a "Tropical Storm" by the weather service, many in New Orleans thought that Cindy was a hurricane, and referred to it as "Hurricane Cindy" before it was officially upgraded.

Even though Cindy had weakened to a depression and was deep inland, Cindy's effects were still felt; some parts of Atlanta Motor Speedway and Tara Field Airport in Hampton, Georgia suffered heavy damage from an F2 tornado created by the storm. Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport in Atlanta had over 5 inches (130 mm) of rain on July 6, its sixth-highest one-day rainfall since 1878; most rain fell during just two hours (8 to 10 p.m. EDT). This is more rain than the area normally gets in all of July. Many other places, such as Slidell, Louisiana, Gulfport, Mississippi, Mobile, Alabama, and Salisbury, Maryland, also saw over 5 inches (125 mm) of rain.

Cindy was also reported to have caused three deaths – two in Georgia (one direct) and another in Alabama.

Many people in the New Orleans metropolitan area thought Cindy would only create minimal effects from the storm, but found themselves cleaning up the mess and were without power for days after Cindy's strike. The experience encouraged many people to evacuate when the much more powerful Hurricane Katrina was heading towards the city less than two months later.

When Tropical Storm Cindy formed on July 5, it was the seventh time that the name had been used to name a storm in the Atlantic. Because Cindy did not cause any major damages, its name was not retired by the World Meteorological Organization and will be on the list of names for the 2011 season.



Single

Single can mean the following:


Cartridge (electronics)

A cartridge means an object that adds different functions or content to an electronic device (like a video game cartridge), or that refills something the device needs (like an ink cartridge for a printer).

Video game cartridges are quite simple to use. You simply slide it into the console and it usually displays a video game that you can now play from that cartridge.

A cartridge is easy to use. For example, an ink cartridge is easier to use than a bottle of ink. This is because all the ink is inside the cartridge.

A cassette is a small cartridge. The words have similar meanings.

Hurricane Epsilon (2005)

Hurricane Epsilon was a Category 1 hurricane that lasted a long time in the central Atlantic Ocean during late November and early December. Epsilon was one of the strongest and longest living hurricanes recorded so late during the year. It was also the twenty-seventh tropical or subtropical storm and fifteenth hurricane of the 2005 Atlantic hurricane season.

Epsilon formed from a non-tropical low that steadily became a tropical storm on November 29. The storm became a hurricane on December 2, in a highly unfavorable climate for a regular tropical cyclone. Anyhow, Epsilon managed to stay as a hurricane for a few more days while confusing and frustrating forecasters at the National Hurricane Center before dissipating on December 8.

Tropical Storm Epsilon developed out from an extratropical storm in the central Atlantic Ocean on November 29 that had slowly gained tropical characteristics similar to Tropical Storm Delta. It was far east from Bermuda at the time and never would get close to land. Epsilon steadily strengthened into a strong tropical storm before it weakened a little bit on December 1. The official forecasts from the National Hurricane Center predicted Epsilon would weaken further in the highly unfavoritable environment before becoming an extratropical system again. Unexpectedly, Tropical Storm Epsilon strengthened again on December 2 and became a hurricane over cooler waters about 21–24 °C (70–75 °F) with continuing wind shear; which are the conditions that are highly unfavorable for a regular tropical cyclone. The official forecasts continued to predict weakening and dissipation but Epsilon did not follow the forecaster's predictions, and remained at hurricane strength for several more days. At one point on December 4 it was thought that Epsilon had weakened into a tropical storm for a short time, but later post-analysis showed that Epsilon had never weakened at all. Hurricane Epsilon then strengthened further to its peak intensity of 85 mph (135 km/h) just several hours later.

Hurricane Epsilon frustrated many forecasters back in NHC, and the because Epsilon continued to deny any weakening made NOAA hurricane forecaster Dr. Lixion Avila to say "There are no clear reasons — and I am not going to make one up — to explain the recent strengthening of Epsilon…". This means "I don't know why the storm has gained strength, and I am not going to make up a reason". The storm kept its hurricane strength for five days while most of the six-hourly forecasts during that period called for it to weaken below that hurricane strength. Dr. Avila also claimed that Epsilon had developed a structure similar to one of an annular hurricane, which somehow helped it to keep its strength even though poor conditions still existed.
On December 7, wind shear began to cause Hurricane Epsilon to weaken. The storm lost strength, and it became a tropical storm on the next day. It continued weakening into a tropical depression on December 8, and it dissipated soon after that.

Because Hurricane Epsilon stayed far out at sea and never came near land, no warnings or watches were sent out by the National Hurricane Center. No ships in the ocean reported high winds from Epsilon. Also, the storm caused no damage or deaths.

When Tropical Storm Epsilon formed on November 29, it was the first known time that the 27th tropical or subtropical storm had formed in the Atlantic Ocean during one hurricane season. Hurricane Epsilon was only the 6th ever Atlantic hurricane in December. Epsilon spent more time as a hurricane during December than any other Atlantic storm. This broke the old record held by Hurricane Lili in 1984.



EFL Cup

The EFL Cup, known for most of its history as the Football League Cup and also known in the past by several sponsored names, is a national association football competition in England, with a few clubs in Wales also playing. It is like the FA Cup, but has fewer teams, and starts and ends earlier in the season.

Unlike the FA Cup, which is open to hundreds of clubs belonging to The Football Association, which runs football in England, the EFL Cup is open only to the 92 teams in the top four divisions of English football—those playing in the top-level Premier League and the English Football League, which includes the next three lower divisions.

Note: * means "after extra time"

The Football Association

The Football Association (the FA) is the organisation that controls English football.

Formed in 1863, it is the oldest football association in the world. It is responsible for overseeing the amateur and professional game in England and the islands of Jersey, Guernsey and the Isle of Man.

The FA is a member of FIFA and UEFA and has a seat in the International Football Association Board (IFAB), which is responsible for the Laws of the Game. The FA is also a member of the British Olympic Association, which means that they also have control over the Great Britain Olympic football team.

The FA has only a little bit of control of the Premier League and the English Football League, although all professional teams in England are members of the FA.

Some Competitions the FA runs are:




Tropical Storm Alpha (2005)

Tropical Storm Alpha was the twenty-third tropical or subtropical storm of the 2005 Atlantic hurricane season. Alpha was the first tropical cyclone to be named with Greek alphabets after the season's list of names ran out.

Tropical Storm Alpha formed in the eastern Caribbean Sea on October 22 where it steadily moved towards Hispaniola, later making landfall on the island on October 23. Alpha then quickly weakened and dissipated over the Atlantic Ocean on the next day. Alpha caused a total of 43 deaths in the island (being the sixth deadliest storm of the season).

A tropical wave, which had formed off from the western African coast on October 15, moved to the Caribbean Seaand reached the Windward Islands on October 19. The wave slowly strengthened and organized into a tropical depression about 180 miles southwest of San Juan, Puerto Rico, on October 22. Later that day, despite wind shear from powerful Hurricane Wilma nearby, it strengthened into a tropical storm as it moved west-northwestward. On the morning of October 23, it made landfall on the Dominican Republic with 50 mph (85 km/h) winds, then moved over to Haiti.

As it crossed Hispaniola, Alpha was weakened to a tropical depression because of the island's tall mountains. A cold front pulled Alpha northward where it moved into the Atlantic Ocean and began to travel alongside Hurricane Wilma to the southwest. On the afternoon of October 24 Alpha became disorganizied into a remnant low, which also made the National Hurricane Center to stop giving out tropical cyclone reports for the system. Later, Alpha's remnant were absorbed by Hurricane Wilma.

A total of 43 people have been reported dead because of Tropical Storm Alpha, while 26 were from the direct effects of the storm.

Government officials in the Dominican Republic ordered the evacuation of at least 30,000 people living in places where flooding was possible. About 1,000 people remained in shelters. Alpha caused nine deaths in the Dominican Republic alone, including two fishermen who went missing at sea during the storm and a fourteen year old boy who was swept away by floodwaters in the town of Guaricanos.

A river in Haiti overflowed its banks and flooded a neighborhood in the Port-au-Prince suburb of Carrefour, killing seventeen people; including two were electrocuted, one drowned, and five were swept to their deaths by the water. Also, twenty-three people were reported missing, including nineteen from the town of Leogane, sixteen of whom were later confirmed dead, bringing the death toll in Haiti to 33. This is a much lower death toll than originally feared; tropical systems which affect Haiti such as Hurricane Jeanne from 2004 were usually among the deadliest as the badly-deforested Haiti, which is extremely vulnerable to landslides and lacks basically any form of tropical alert system.

At least 400 homes were damaged by the storm, including twenty-three homes that were washed away.

One unconfirmed report told that a child was swept out to sea by Tropical Depression Alpha. 

Since the 2005 season had already used up all the assigned hurricane names, the Greek alphabet was used and the storm was named Alpha once it reached tropical storm strength. The name Alpha has been used before in the Atlantic for a subtropical storm, but the 2005 season was the first time to have a "Tropical Storm" Alpha.

At the time it was thought that Alpha was the twenty-second storm of the season, and so was the storm which broke the 1933 season's record for most storms in just one season. However post-season analysis revealed that there was also an earlier subtropical storm, which made Alpha the twenty-third storm of the season. Alpha was the first tropical storm to be assigned a Greek-alphabet name after the list of hurricane names were all used up. This was just one of many records set by the 2005 Atlantic hurricane season.



Büchner funnel

A büchner funnel is a piece of laboratory equipment which is used to filter or separate a liquid from a solid. It is named after an industrial chemist called Ernst Büchner.

A Büchner funnel can be made out of porcelain, glass or plastic. On the top there is a container with a hole in the bottom. This container is put on top of a Büchner flask with a hole in the top and a hole in the side. In between the container and the Büchner flask there is a piece of filter paper which lets through liquids but not any solids. Attached to the hole in the side there is a vacuum which sucks the air out of the Büchner flask. This means that when any mixture is poured into the top, the liquid is sucked through the filter paper and the solid is left stuck in the filter paper.

A Büchner flask is used in chemistry to take unwanted solids out of any liquids. The advantages of using a Büchner flask over just a piece of filter paper held over a beaker is that the solid is dried as more and more liquid is sucked off of it by the vacuum. Most of the time it needs to be dried again in an oven, but sometimes no further drying is needed.



Hurricane Alicia

Hurricane Alicia was the first named storm and first hurricane of the 1983 Atlantic hurricane season. Alicia was the season's strongest and deadliest storm. It killed a total of 21 people and caused $2.6 billion (1983 dollars) in damage. It was the most destructive Texan hurricane since Hurricane Carla in 1961.

Hurricane Alicia formed from Tropical Depression Three on August 15 in the Gulf of Mexico and slowly moved west towards Texas, where it made landfall on August 18 at its strongest point with 115 mph (185 km/h) winds. Alicia quickly weakened into a tropical depression before dissipating overland on August 21.

A mesoscale low formed off the Alabama and Mississippi coasts on August 14 with a weak frontal trough that had formed off of New England. Pressures were high in the Gulf of Mexico, but the low strengthened into Tropical Depression Three on August 15. A ship located within 60 miles of the depression reported a pressure of 1015.5 millibars and the storm was upgraded to Tropical Storm Alicia late on August 15. With the high Gulf pressures, Alicia was unable to gain size, so it stayed very small, but created faster winds, and became a Category 1 hurricane on August 16. Steering currents were weak during Alicia's lifetime over water. A new frontal ridge had formed on August 17 which caused the storm to slowly move in a westerly direction. Alicia continued west until the frontal ridge had collapsed to the east.

Alicia then began to take a more northern direction on August 18 to Port Arthur, Texas. During that time, the hurricane began to gain strength at about 1 mbar an hour, peaking at 963 mbar with winds of 115 mph (185 km/h) on the morning of the 18th. Just before landfall, Alicia showed a rare "double eye" feature for a few hours. The storm made landfall in Texas as a category 3 hurricane at about 1:45 a.m. CDT on Thursday, August 18. Alicia weakened very quickly after landfall, losing tropical characteristics and began to speed up to the northwest, finally losing its identity in southeast Nebraska on August 21.

Several hurricane watches and warnings were given out. The first ones were a gale warning and a hurricane watch for the area of Corpus Christi, Texas to Grand Isle, Louisiana which was given out on August 16. On August 17, a hurricane warning was issued for Corpus Christi to Morgan City, Louisiana and later for Port Arthur, Texas. Residents did not take the warnings seriously. Galveston Mayor E. Gus Manuel, against the advice of Texas Governor Mark White, ordered the evacuation of only low-lying areas.

30% of Galveston's population evacuated the island when Hurricane Allen threatened the eastern Texas coastline in 1980; only 10% of the population living behind the seawall chose to leave when Alicia made landfall. Throughout the day, however, as increasing winds began to cause damage in Galveston, people grew more worried. The mayor finally ordered a widespread evacuation of the island after midnight on August 18, but by then the bridges to the mainland were broken.

The city of Galveston reported 7¾ inches of rain, Liberty reported 9½ inches, and Greens Bayou reported almost 10 inches of rain. Centerville reported over 8 inches with Normangee and Noxia reporting over 7 inches. Maximum rainfall in the Houston area in Harris County was about 10-11 inches. 8 inches of rain was reported in Leon County and 9 inches in the Sabine River area. High gusts were also reported throughout Texas with a maximum gust of 125 mph reported on the Coast Guard cutter Buttonwood stationed at the northeastern part of Galveston Island. Pleasure Pier reported tides of 8.67 feet with Pier 21 reported a little over 5½ feet. Baytown, Texas reported 10–12 feet tides, and 12.1 feet at Morgan City, the highest recorded by Alicia.

Twenty-three tornadoes were reported that were either related or caused by Alicia, fourteen of those were located in the Galveston and Hobby Airport area. The other nine were concentrated around Tyler to Houston, Texas, ranging around F2 on the Fujita scale. An oil spill occurred around Texas City and an ocean-going tugboat capsized 50 miles of the Sabine Pass coast. The Coast Guard Air Station Houston (AIRSTA) weathered Alicia with minimal damage, and afterwards AIRSTA's helicopters helped residents with evacuation, supply, and survey flights.

The Galveston NWS office (temporarily) lost its radar. Houston suffered billions of dollars in damage. Thousands of glass panes in downtown skyscrapers were shattered by gravel blown off rooftops. Houston Lighting and Power reported that about 750,000 homes were without electricity after Alicia hit. Many stores had to stay closed for days afterward due to risks of falling glass in the area. In Galveston, the western beach had its public beach boundary shifted back about 150 feet. An entire wall of the Flagship collapsed. About 5 feet of sand was scoured, leaving beachfront homes in a natural vegetation state. The beachfront homes after Alicia were in violation of the Texas Open Beaches Act and the Attorney General's office forebade the repair or rebuilding of those homes. The Corps of Engineers stated that if the Galveston Sea Wall was not there, that another $100 million dollars in damage could have occurred. Also, if Alicia was the size of Hurricane Carla from 1961, damage could have easily double or possibly tripled. Alicia also did damage to chemical and petrochemical plants in Houston.

Hurricane Carla in the 1961 Atlantic hurricane season hit a less populated area. Alicia hit a more populated area. Had Alicia been the size or strength of Carla, damage could have easily doubled or tripled.

Rains reached up to 5 inches in the southern-central part of Texas. Kansas only got 1-3 inches which were recorded in the eastern to central parts of the state. The southeast part of Nebraska received one inch of rain from Alicia's remnants. Michigan, Iowa, Minnesota, Louisiana and Wisconsin all received one inch of rainfall.

Hurricane Alicia brought useful rains to the southern Great Plains, which had been suffering from a drought for much of the summer of 1983. In the end, Hurricane Alicia killed 21 people and caused $2 billion in damage ($5.27 billion in 2006 dollars).

The Red Cross had to provide food and shelter to 63,000 people in the hurricane's wake, costing to about 166 million dollars. FEMA gave out $32 million (1983 USD) to Alicia's victims and local governments. $23 million of that was to go picking up trash and wrecked objects spread after Alicia. More than 16,000 people wanted help from FEMA's disaster service centers. The Small Business Administration, with 56 volunteers, interviewed over 16,000 victims, and predicted that about 7000 loan applications would be requested. The Federal Insurance Agency closed over 1318 flood insurance cases from Alicia's effects, however only 782 received payment.

On September 23 and September 24, 1983, in the wake of Alicia, two subcommittees of the U.S. House of Representatives had trials in Houston. The hearing on September 23 examined the main problems of the National Weather Service during Alicia, the effectiveness of the N.W.S in current events, and the use of the National Weather Service. The second hearing, on September 24, was to talk about the damage and recovery efforts during Alicia. Witnesses agreed that the National Weather Service did well before and during the emergency caused by Alicia. N.W.S. forecasters also gave evidence in which they said they thanked themselves that their predictions were well "on target" and that the local emergency plans worked so well, which saved many lives. Mayor Gus Manuel on Galveston said that the NWS did an excellent job during Alicia. He was also very impressed about their landfall predictions on August 17, before Alicia made landfall.

On the September 24 hearing, evidence was brought upon which showed the need to improve the readiness to cope with disasters. Mayor Manuel said that his town needed stronger building codes, which were under review.

The name Alicia was retired in the spring of 1984, becoming the 30th storm name to be retired. It will never again be used for an Atlantic hurricane. It was replaced with Allison in the 1989 season. The name Allison was retired after doing major damage to the same the area in 2001.




Hanging Gardens of Babylon

The Hanging Gardens of Babylon, and the walls of Babylon (near present-day Al Hillah in Iraq) were one of the Seven Wonders of the World. They were built by Nebuchadnezzar II around 600 BC. He is said to have built the gardens to please his wife, Amytis of Media. She wanted to see the trees and plants of her homeland. The hanging gardens were destroyed in an earthquake after the 1st century BC.

Some people do not believe the Hanging Gardens were real. In ancient writings the Hanging Gardens of Babylon were first described by "Berossus", a Chaldean priest. He lived in the late 4th century B.C. Greek historians later wrote more about them.

Recent archaeological digs of the palace in Iraq have uncovered evidence of a building with vaults and a well nearby. However, the place of the palace complex is different from where Greek historians said they were, which was on the banks of the Euphrates River. Also recently, there have been digs on the banks of the Euphrates River of some large 25 meter-thick walls.


Statue of Zeus at Olympia

The Statue of Zeus at Olympia, Greece was designed by Phidias about 432 BC. Phidias built his workshop at Olympia to construct this statue and probably stayed there the rest of his life. The statue was housed in the Temple of Zeus. With the base, it stood seven times larger than life or about 12.40 meters. The face, arms, and feet were made of ivory. The robe, sandals, the beard and hair were made of gold. He wore a silver olive wreath on his head. The throne was made of gold, bronze, ebony, ivory, and gems. It was decorated with scenes from mythology. This Zeus was the kindly Zeus rather than the fierce and powerful Zeus. The Roman emperor Caligula wanted the statue sent to Rome. He planned to take the head off and replace it with an image of his own. The statue does not survive. It was probably shipped to Constantinople about 393 AD and destroyed in a fire there in 475 AD. The statue was one of the Seven Wonders of the World. 


Parachute (disambiguation)

Parachute could mean:

Tense

Tense may refer to:


Temple of Artemis

The Temple of Artemis ( or Latin: "Artemisium"), was a temple dedicated to the goddess Artemis. It was also known as the Temple of Diana (Diana was a Roman goddess). 

It was completed around 350 BC at Ephesus (in present-day Turkey). The area was under the Achaemenid dynasty of the Persian Empire, but some of its cities were Greek. Only ruins of the temple remain. It was one of the Seven Wonders of the Ancient World.

The Temple of Artemis was near the ancient city of Ephesus, about 50 km south from the modern port city of İzmir, in Turkey.

Most of the description of the Temple of Artemis comes from Pliny, though there are different accounts that give different sizes.

Pliny said the temple was 115 meters long and 55 meters wide. He said it was made almost completely of marble. It was about three times as big as the Parthenon by area. The Temple has 127 Ionic-styled columns. Each is 17.5 meters in height.

The Temple of Artemis had many fine artworks. Bronze sculptures by famous Greek sculptors Polyclitus, Pheidias, Cresilas, and Phradmon were in the temple. Paintings and gilded columns of gold and silver were also in it. The sculptors often competed at creating the best sculpture. Many of these sculptures were of Amazons, who are said to have founded the city of Ephesus.

Pliny said that Scopas, who also worked on the Mausoleum of Mausollos, worked carved reliefs into the temple's columns.

Athenagoras of Athens names Endoeus, a student of Daedalus, as the sculptor of the main statue of Artemis in Ephesus.

The Temple of Artemis was at a flourishing region. It was used as a religious institute. Merchants and travellers came to it from all over Asia Minor. The temple was influenced by many beliefs. It can be seen as a symbol of faith for many different peoples. The Ephesians worshiped Cybele. They joined many of their beliefs into the worship of Artemis. Artemisian Cybele became very different from the Roman goddess Diana. The cult of Artemis attracted thousands of worshipers from far-off lands. They all gathered at the site and worshipped her.



Büchner flask

A Büchner flask (also called a vacuum flask, a filter flask, a side-arm flask or a kitasato flask) is a flask made of glass.

A Büchner flask has thick walls so that a pressure change will not break it. It has a hole in the top where a Büchner funnel can be put and a small tube in the side where a vacuum can be attached. The small tube has barbs on it so that the vacuum will not weaken.

A Büchner flask can be used with a Büchner funnel for separating solids and liquids. Water is poured into the Büchner funnel and the liquid passes through filter paper and is sucked up by a vacuum attached to the side of the Büchner flask, while the solid stays behind in the Büchner funnel.

The Büchner flask can also be used as a vacuum trap in a vacuum line to ensure that no fluids are carried over from the aspirator or vacuum pump (or other vacuum source) to the evacuated apparatus, or vice versa.

It is commonly thought to be named after the Nobel Laureate, Eduard Buchner, but it is actually named after the industrial chemist Ernst Büchner.



Mausoleum at Halicarnassus

The Mausoleum at Halicarnassus, or Tomb of Mausolus, was a tomb built between 353 and 350 BC at Halicarnassus (present Bodrum, Turkey). It was built for Mausolus, a satrap in the Persian Empire, and Artemisia II of Caria, who was both his wife and his sister.

The building was designed by the Greek architects Satyros and Pythius of Priene. It was about 45 meters (135 feet) tall. Each one of the four sides was decorated with sculptural reliefs created by one of four Greek sculptors — Bryaxis, Leochares, Scopas and Timotheus. It was such an accomplishment that Antipater of Sidon said it was one of the Seven Wonders of the World. The word "mausoleum" has come to be used generically for any grand tomb.




Colossus of Rhodes

The Colossus of Rhodes was a huge statue of the Greek god, Helios built on the Greek island of Rhodes (approximate coordinates 36°27'04"N, 28°13'40"E) by Chares of Lindos (a student of Lysippos) between 294 and 282 BC.

It was one of the Seven Wonders of the World before being destroyed in an earthquake. The Colossus of Rhodes was 70 cubits tall, over 30 metres (100 feet), making it the tallest statue of the ancient world.

Chares of Lindos was commissioned to build the statue after the lifting of Demetrius I Poliorcetes' siege of Rhodes (305BC). It had a bronze core and was reinforced by iron. It stood 70 cubits (105 feet [32 metres]) high and stood beside Mandrákion harbour, perhaps shielding its eyes with one hand, as a representation in a relief suggests. It is technically impossible that the statue could have straddled the harbour entrance, and the popular belief that it did so dates only from the Middle Ages. Construction started in 294 BC and finished 12 years later.

The statue was an intelligent "advertising" of the city that erected it, a tangible proof of its wealth and technology. Unfortunately, in 222 BC, about 60 years after its unveiling, the Colossus collapsed as its knees were wrecked by an earthquake.  Falling wreckage is said to have demolished 30 homes.

Despite its terrible fall, the statue did not cease to belong to the great wonders of the ancient world. Even after a hundred years its destruction, Antipater of Sidon , a writer of Greco-Spanish origin, included the Colossus in his catalog of the seven wonders of the world. 

In 654 AD, 900 years after the collapse of the Colossus, the Saracens plundered Rhodes and sold the metallic remains of the colossus. It is said that the buyer used 900 camels to transport the fragments to Syria . Thus the image of the god who once saved the city from the foreign invasion had a fate similar to that of the siege machines of Demetrius, which when sold financed the construction of the Colossus. 




Lighthouse of Alexandria

The Lighthouse of Alexandria, or the Pharos, was a tall tower built between 285 and 247 BCE. It was built on the island of Pharos in Alexandria, Egypt to serve as a lighthouse for sailors. The top of the tower had a mirror that reflected sunlight during the day; a fire was lit at night.

The word for "lighthouse" in some languages is "pharos" or its equivalent.

Legend holds that Ptolemy I Soter would not allow Sostratus to put his name on the tower, but the architect left the following inscription on the base's walls:
. (Sostratus of Cnidus, son of Dexiphanes, to the Gods protecting those upon the sea.)
These words were hidden under a layer of plaster, on top of which was chiseled another inscription honoring Ptolemy the king as builder of the Pharos. After centuries the plaster wore away, revealing the name of Sostratus, the son of Dexiphanes.

With a height estimated at between 115 and 145 meters (384 – 469 ft), it was among the tallest man-made structures on Earth for many centuries. It was identified as one of the Seven Wonders of the World by Antipater of Sidon. It was the third tallest building after the two Great Pyramids (of Khufu and Khafra). It was destroyed by earthquakes.

Divers discovered remains of the lighthouse in fall 1994 on the floor of Alexandria's Eastern Harbour. Some of these remains were brought up and were lying at the harbour on public view at the end of 1995. An episode of the PBS television series "Nova" chronicled the discovery. Later satellite imaging has revealed further remains. It is possible to go diving and see the ruins.

Telesto (moon)

Telesto is a tiny moon of Saturn. It was discovered by a number of astronomers in 1980, based from some observations from the Earth. It was named after Telesto in Greek mythology. Telesto orbits around Saturn together with much larger moon Tethys. Thus, Telesto is also known as a Trojan moon. The moon leads at a point 60 degrees in front of Tethys in its orbit. Another small moon, Calypso, orbits with Telesto.

Calypso (moon)

Calypso is a small moon of Saturn. It was discovered by a few astronomers in 1980, based on observations from the Earth. It is named after Calypso in Greek mythology. Calypso is a Trojan moon, as it orbits together with larger moon Tethys. It orbits behind Tethys by 60 degrees in its orbit around Saturn. Telesto is another moon which shares Calypso's orbit. Calypso was named after Calypso, a nymph in Greek mythology.

Pallene (moon)

Pallene is a small moon of Saturn. It was discovered by the Cassini Imaging Science Team in 2004. It orbits between two larger moons, Mimas and Enceladus. Pallene is about 4 km in diameter.

Methone (moon)

Methone is a small moon of Saturn. It was discovered by the Cassini Imaging Science Team in 2004, the same time as a close-by moon, Pallene. It is only about 3 km in diameter.

Dione (moon)

Dione is the fourth largest moon of Saturn. It has a diameter of 1,123 km (698 miles). It was discovered in 1684 by Giovanni Domenico Cassini. It is named after the titan Dione in Greek mythology. The moon has many craters and ice cliffs. It is tidally locked with Saturn, meaning the same face of Dione always faces Saturn.

Helene (moon)

Helene is a moon of Saturn. It shares its orbit with larger moon Dione. It leads in front of Dione in its orbit around Saturn by 60 degrees. It was discovered in 1980 by a couple of astronomers based on observations from the Earth.

Polydeuces (moon)

Polydeuces is a small moon of Saturn. Its diameter is only 3.5 km. It shares its orbit with larger moon Dione. It was discovered by the Cassini Imaging Science Team in 2004.

Boyfriend

A boyfriend is a term which usually means the male partner in a romantic non-marital relationship. Partners in a non-marital relationship are sometimes called "significant others". Using the word "boyfriend" to mean "a male partner or lover" was first done in 1906. It became popular in the 1920s, when people started to go out on dates rather than have romantic meetings at home.
It is less common to use the term "boyfriend" to mean a male friend in a platonic relationship.
Boyfriend can also mean a man or boy that somebody has a romantic or sexual relationship with. 

Aspirator

An aspirator is a device that makes vacuum, because of the Venturi effect. In the aspirator, fluid flows through it. The tube gets more thin, making the fluid flow faster, and making the pressure smaller. Then, vacuum is taken from it. The aspirator is also known as an ejector or a filter pump.

The most common type of aspirator is the water aspirator. It is used in laboratories for chemistry and biology. The aspirator has a fitted tee, which is attached to a faucet. It has a hose barb on one side. The flow of water passes through the straight part of the tee, which restricts the water flow at the intersection with the hose barb. The vacuum hose should be connected to this barb.

The strength of the produced vacuum is limited by the vapour pressure of the flowing water. However, the strength of the vacuum is not limited if a gas is used as the working force.

Venturi effect

The Venturi effect is a case where fluid flows through a tube that is narrow. The velocity of the fluid increases as it flows through the narrower tube while the pressure decreases, due to conservation of energy. The effect is an example of Bernoulli's principle.

With the B.E. a simple flow of either A. Fluids, or B. Air, will cause pressure. Within an amount of time, this will cause a decrease in pressure and have the potential of creating energy.

Santa Fe, Argentina

Santa Fe is the capital city of the province of Santa Fe in Argentina. As of 2001, about 369,000 people lived there.

Geography of Argentina

Argentina is almost 3,700 km long from north to south, and 1,400 km from east to west (maximum values). It can be divided into three parts: the Pampas in the central part of the country, Patagonia in the southern part down to Tierra del Fuego; and the Andes mountain range along the western border with Chile, with the highest point located in the province of Mendoza. Cerro Aconcagua, at 6,960 metres (22,834 ft), is the Americas' highest mountain.

The most important rivers include the River Plate, Paraguay, Bermejo, Colorado, Uruguay and the largest river, the Paraná.

List of retired Atlantic hurricane names

This article is about a list of retired Atlantic hurricane names. Atlantic hurricane names only get retired if and when they are notable enough by causing a lot of damage or killing many people. They can also be retired if and when the government or country requests the name to be retired, by the World Meteorological Organization.

Below is a list of Atlantic hurricane names retired.

1950s: Carol, Edna, Hazel, Connie, Diane, Ione, Janet, Audrey, Gracie
1960s: Donna, Carla, Hattie, Flora, Cleo, Dora, Hilda, Betsy, Inez, Beulah, Camille
1970s: Celia, Agnes, Carmen, Fifi, Eloise, Anita, David, Frederic
1980s: Allen, Alicia, Elena, Gloria, Gilbert, Joan, Hugo
1990s: Diana, Klaus, Bob, Andrew, Luis, Marilyn, Opal, Roxanne, Cesar, Fran, Hortense, Georges, Mitch, Floyd, Lenny
2000s: Keith, Allison, Iris, Michelle, Isidore, Lili, Fabian, Isabel, Juan, Charley, Frances, Ivan, Jeanne, Dennis, Katrina, Rita, Stan, Wilma, Dean, Felix, Noel, Gustav, Ike, Paloma 
2010s: Igor, Tomas, Irene, Sandy, Ingrid, Erika, Joaquin, Matthew, Otto, Harvey, Irma, Maria, Nate, Florence, Michael
----2020s: Laura, Eta, Iota, Ida, Fiona, Ian


Asturian language

The Asturian language is the native language of Asturias. Between 200,000 and 600,000 people speak it in Asturias. This language is very similar to Leonese Language, spoken in other territories that once made up the Kingdom of León (León, Western Zamora, Salamanca and Northwestern Cáceres where is called extremaduran), and to Mirandes Language, spoken in Miranda do Douro in Portugal. In Asturias, primary and secondary students can choose to study it.

Classical mythology

Classical or Greco-Roman mythology usually means the mythology, and the related polytheistic rituals and practices, of Classical Antiquity. 

Roman religion joined with Greek religion over time. This began in the eighth century BC when Greeks colonized Magna Graecia in southern Italy. The two traditions had joined to the point of being almost the same by the first century BC. See


Jun Kazama

Jun Kazama is a video game fictional character made for the "Tekken" series.

Jun Kazama enters the tournament in order to save Kazuya Mishima and stop his crimes. However, she became pregnant by him and had a son, Jin Kazama. 

She also appears in the Tekken movie (2009) where she was portrayed by Tamlyn Tomita.

Jun is an officer of the WWWC, a wildlife protection organization. She is called "The Chosen One" by her family. She is psychic and feels a weird power in Kazuya Mishima, which is the Devil Gene turning him into a devil version of himself. At the WWWC's orders, she goes out to put Kazuya into jail, who kills peaceful animals. 

When the King of Iron Fist Tournament 2 was about to end, Jun feels an even more powerful Devil Gene inside Kazuya.

During the King of Iron Fist Tournament 2, Jun became pregnant by Kazuya. Devil (the devil version of Kazuya/the Devil Gene inside Kazuya) goes into Jin (Jun's unborn baby). One night, Jun gets attacked by Ogre and now is either missing or possibly dead.

Jun is a playable character in "Tekken Tag Tournament".

Tekken Tag Tournament has nothing to do with the Tekken storyline.

In "Tekken 4", her figure appeared in the ending of Jin to prevent him from killing his grandfather, Heihachi. Whether it was her soul or Jin's vision is still questionable, since her status is labeled as missing.

In the optional "Devil Within" minigame, Jin finds clues that lead him to believe that Jun is alive, but it turns out to be Ogre, the alien opponent that is responsible for Jun's disappearance.


Allen Klein

Allen Klein (December 18, 1931 - July 4, 2009) was an American businessman. He studied to become an accountant, and made his living as the business manager of many celebrities, musicians in particular.

Klein was born in Newark, New Jersey and was of Hungarian Jewish descent. He married a woman named Betty, after he graduated from college. He first became well known when he helped a singer, Bobby Darin, to recover money owed to him by his record label. Darin received a $100,000 check for unpaid royalties, and split it with Klein. Klein was called the "Robin Hood" of popular music, liked by artists but hated by the companies they worked for.

Klein bought a struggling record label, Cameo-Parkway, and tried to make it more profitable. When he got into legal trouble for "talking up" the value of shares in the company, he changed his plans. He merged Cameo-Parkway with his own accounting firm, creating a company called ABKCO (for Allen and Betty Klein and Company).

Among Klein's clients were pop singers Connie Francis, Steve Lawrence and Eydie Gormé, R&B singer Sam Cooke, folk musician Donovan, record producer Phil Spector, and rock bands Herman's Hermits, The Animals, The Rolling Stones and The Beatles. While he helped his clients with money matters, and to make new contracts that paid them better, not all his business choices were the best for his clients. Klein ended up owning much of the music of the Rolling Stones, the Animals and other artists, which cut into their long-term earnings. The artists also sometimes lost the goodwill of the businesses they dealt with, because of Klein's work for them.

Klein played a role in the breakup of the Beatles. He impressed John Lennon enough to sign up with him overnight, and Lennon persuaded George Harrison and Ringo Starr to go along. Paul McCartney, though, decided to let his wife Linda's father Lee Eastman become his manager. Eastman and Klein did not get along, and Eastman treated Lennon and his wife Yoko Ono poorly. Disagreements on what the Beatles should be doing with their company Apple Corps, and their own business interests, helped to tear the band apart.

After the Beatles broke up, Lennon, Harrison and Starr liked the things Klein did for them less and less, and eventually split with him, giving Klein a final payment of about £3.5 million for his services. Later, Klein got into tax trouble, and served a two-month jail sentence for income tax evasion.

Klein continued his career, and ABKCO continued to issue records from the old Cameo-Parkway label, and the artists Klein had managed. Nearly all the records were taken off the market for many years, making classic songs like "96 Tears" (by ? and the Mysterians), "So Much In Love" by the Tymes, and "Bristol Stomp" by the Dovells impossible to buy.

Klein's son Jody became the controller of ABKCO, when Klein's health became poor. In 2005, ABKCO finally began to issue digitally remastered compact discs of the music owned by the company. Klein died in Manhattan of complications from Alzheimer's disease in July 2009.

Mark David Chapman

Mark David Chapman (born May 10, 1955 in Fort Worth, Texas) is an American prisoner. He is known for murdering British musician John Lennon.

Chapman grew up in Georgia, and was a fan of British band the Beatles when they first became famous. He learned to play guitar and wanted to become a musician. He later became a fundamentalist Christian, and his values changed. He came to believe the Beatles were a bad influence on people, John Lennon in particular, because of Lennon's views on God and religion. When Lennon released his song "Imagine" in 1971, many fundamentalists disliked it. Chapman parodied the song, singing it as "Imagine John Lennon dead."

As years went by, Chapman had little success and much trouble in his personal life. His hopes to become a missionary were dashed when a civil war started in the country where he went on a mission. He returned to the United States, and later moved to Hawaii. In 1979, he married a Japanese-American woman, as Lennon had done, but Chapman's marriage was unhappy. Chapman worked a low-paying job, as a security guard.

In 1980, after years of retirement, Lennon made a new album, "Double Fantasy", with his wife Yoko Ono. Chapman learned from a book where Lennon lived in New York City, and that it was not hard to find him around town. Chapman flew to New York a few times that fall, thinking about what he wanted to do. He thought about committing suicide, before deciding finally to kill Lennon. He felt that doing this would somehow lessen the problems in his own life.

On December 8, 1980, Chapman again visited New York, meeting Lennon and Ono as they left home to go to a recording session. Lennon signed a copy of "Double Fantasy" for Chapman, and a photographer took a picture of the two men together. Chapman waited around until they returned. As Lennon entered their apartment building, Chapman drew a pistol, called out to Lennon, then shot him several times. Lennon collapsed and he was dead on arrival on the way to the hospital from a massive loss of blood.

Chapman did not try to get away, and was reading a book, "The Catcher in the Rye", when police came to the scene. They arrested Chapman, who later pled guilty to Lennon's murder, telling the court God had told him to do so. He was sentenced to twenty-five years to life in prison in 1981. He later wrote to Yoko Ono, trying to apologize to her and explain his actions, but she did not answer. In 1985, actor Mark Lindsay Chapman lost the chance to portray Lennon in a movie about his life with Ono, because his name was similar to that of Lennon's killer.

When Chapman became eligible for parole, he applied but was turned down. Ono gave a statement to the court, telling them that Lennon's death still hurt her and their son Sean Lennon every day, and they still felt his loss. She reminded them of how Chapman's act was only one among many celebrity stalkings and murders, and that paroling Chapman might give others the idea that what he did was acceptable. The court heard her words, and Chapman continues to be refused parole.

Lennon's murder was echoed in December 1999 when a young man, Michael Abram, broke into the home of another former Beatle, George Harrison, carrying a knife. He wanted to kill Harrison for many of the same reasons Chapman killed Lennon. Harrison and his wife Olivia fought back, however, with Olivia striking Abram with a lamp, and the pair holding him down until police arrived. Harrison was stabbed by Abram, but he recovered. Abram was sent to a mental hospital.

It is believed that Chapman will never leave prison in his lifetime, because of the impact of his crime and the many death threats he has received over the years from other inmates and Beatles' fans. His name has been used in arguments promoting gun control, claiming that he would not have killed Lennon if he could not get a gun. (It is counterargued, however, that his plan was not simply to "shoot" Lennon, but to "kill" him; if he could not have used a gun, he would likely have tried another way. Abrams's later attack on Harrison supports this argument.)

Many fans of Lennon have threatened to kill Chapman if he was ever released from prison. In 2000, Chapman said that Lennon would have wanted him to be free, saying "I think he would be liberal, I think he would care."

Diana, Princess of Wales

Diana, Princess of Wales (born Diana Frances Spencer; 1 July 1961 – 31 August 1997) was a member of the British Royal family. She was the first wife of King Charles III (then Prince of Wales) and mother of Prince William and Prince Harry. Her activism and glamour made her an international icon, and earned her enduring popularity.

Diana Frances Spencer was born on 1 July 1961 at Park House Hotel in Sandringham, Norfolk, England. Her father was the Earl Spencer. She left school when she was 16 years old and moved to London when she was 18 years old.

In 1981, Diana married Prince Charles at St. Paul's Cathedral. They had two sons, Prince William and Prince Harry. 

Charles and Diana separated in 1992, and divorced in 1996. Diana said Camilla Parker-Bowles was responsible for the problems with her marriage. Diana was the first Englishwoman to marry an heir to the British throne in 300 years. Charles' brothers married commoners: Andrew, Duke of York, married Sarah Ferguson in 1986, and his youngest brother, Edward, Earl of Wessex, married Sophie Rhys-Jones in 1999. 

The couple had residences at Kensington Palace and Highgrove House, near Tetbury. On 5 November 1981, Diana's pregnancy was announced. In January 1982—12 weeks into the pregnancy—Diana fell down a staircase at Sandringham, suffering some bruising, and the royal gynaecologist Sir George Pinker was summoned from London; the foetus was uninjured. Diana later confessed that she had intentionally thrown herself down the stairs because she was feeling "so inadequate". On 21 June 1982, Diana gave birth to the couple's first son, Prince William. She subsequently suffered from postpartum depression after her first pregnancy. Amidst some media criticism, she decided to take William—who was still a baby—on her first major tours of Australia and New Zealand, and the decision was popularly applauded. By her own admission, Diana had not initially intended to take William until Malcolm Fraser, the Australian prime minister, made the suggestion.

A second son, Prince Harry, was born on 15 September 1984. The Princess said she and Charles were closest during her pregnancy with Harry. She was aware their second child was a boy, but did not share the knowledge with anyone else, including Charles.

Diana gave her sons wider experiences than was usual for royal children. She rarely deferred to Charles or to the royal family, and was often intransigent when it came to the children. She chose their first given names, dismissed a royal family nanny (and engaged one of her own choosing), selected their schools and clothing, planned their outings, and took them to school herself as often as her schedule permitted. She also organised her public duties around their timetables.

Throughout her life, Diana was something of a rebel. Her work with victims of AIDS could, in some ways, be seen in this regard. She was one of the first very high profile people to be pictured touching those afflicted with AIDS, and this had a significant impact in changing people's opinions and attitudes to the disease. It was certainly a charity not following the protocol and tradition of the Royal family. As Princess Diana said:

"HIV does not make people dangerous to know. You can shake their hands and give them a hug. Heaven knows they need it."

Diana had a very personable touch. She was very at ease in meeting people from any background and even if they were ill or in hospices. The patients would react very favourably to her meetings, they warmed to her life energy and heartfelt sympathy. Part of her appeal was her sympathy and natural compassion. She could empathise with people’s suffering, having suffered much herself.

To the media, Diana often portrayed a very stoic and positive energy, but an aide suggested that at the same time these engagements often drained Diana emotionally at the end of some engagements she felt depleted.

As well as working on charities such as AIDS she lent her name to the campaign to ban landmines. Her personal support is said to have been a significant factor in encouraging Britain and then other countries to support the Ottawa Treaty which sought to introduce a ban on the use of anti-personnel landmines. When Robin Cook brought the second reading of the landmines bill to the house in 1998 he made a point of paying tribute to the contribution of Princess Diana.

Diana and her boyfriend, Dodi Al-Fayed, were killed in a car accident in Paris, France, in the early morning of 31 August 1997. She was 36 years old. Many mourners left flowers, candles, cards and personal messages for her in public places. She was buried in London on 6 September 1997. 

Concerts for Diana took place shortly after her death. The concerts involved Elton John and numerous others. Elton John released a remake of his song, "Candle in the Wind" in memory of Diana.


Diana's full title, once married, was "Her Royal Highness The Princess of Wales and Countess of Chester, Duchess of Cornwall, Duchess of Rothesay, Countess of Carrick, Baroness of Renfrew, Lady of the Isles, Princess of Scotland". Legally, she was still entitled to use her previous royal courtesy titles after her divorce as long as she remained unmarried.


Hornswoggle

Dylan Mark Postl (born May 29, 1986) is an American midget professional wrestler. He is better known by his ring name Hornswoggle. Postl is best known for his time working for the WWE. He was the last holder of the old WWE Cruiserweight Championship. Postl originally wrestled under the name of "The World's Sexiest Midget" Shortstack.

Prior to working for WWE, Postl was known for his work with NWA Wisconsin where he won its X Division Championship.

Postl signed with World Wrestling Entertainment in May 2006. He is the fourth wrestler from NWA Wisconsin to sign with WWE. The others were Daivari, Ken Kennedy and CM Punk.

Postl first played the leprechaun partner of the Irish wrestler Finlay on "SmackDown!" during the May 26 episode. After Finlay’s victory over Paul Burchill, a little man (Postl) crawled out from under the ring and jumped on Burchill. Finlay pulled him off, only to slam him back down onto Burchill again. For the next few weeks he continued to appear from under the ring after matches.

Eventually, "SmackDown!" commentator Michael Cole began calling him the Little Bastard. The name became popular and became his "official" name. Commentator JBL refused to call him "Little Bastard". JBL said, "he "might" have parents". He instead called him a leprechaun. This was confirmed on an edition of "SmackDown!" by Finlay.

Little Bastard soon became meaner. He started attacking during Finlay's matches even though it upset Finlay. Many times, Finlay either shoved Little Bastard back under the ring or was forced to tackle him before he could hit the person he was wrestling. At one point, Little Bastard attacked Finlay, biting Finlay when Finlay tried to stop him from attacking Gunner Scott.

Little Bastard was an important part of Finlay winning the United States Championship when he tossed him a shillelagh to knock out champion Lashley to win the match.

On February 23, his name was changed to Hornswoggle on WWE's website and all references to the name "Little Bastard" were removed. The name change became official on the March 2 episode of "SmackDown!". Postl attacked JBL and Michael Cole. Afterwards, Finlay told Cole that Little Bastard's name is Hornswoggle. Despite this, Cole sometimes still called Hornswoggle "Little Bastard".

On July 22, 2007 at The Great American Bash Hornswoggle won the WWE Cruiserweight Championship. The other people in the match and commentators did not know that he was a participant in the match until the pin and he was given the belt. This made him the first person with dwarfism to win a Championship in WWE history. Hornswoggle is both the lightest and the shortest wrestler to win the Cruiserweight Championship in WWE history. He is also the smallest wrestler to win any title in WWE. On the September 10 episode of "Raw", Hornswoggle was revealed to be WWE Chairman Mr. McMahon's illegitimate son. The storyline stopped on March 3, 2008 when it was confirmed Hornswoggle was Finlay's son.

Hornswoggle and Finlay was drafted to ECW on June 25, 2008 as part of the 2008 WWE Supplemental Draft. On the July 9, 2012 episode of "Raw", Hornswoggle was revealed as the anonymous Raw General Manager, who ran the brand from June 2010 to July 2011. Postl was released from WWE on May 6, 2016, ending his time there after 10 years. Afterwards, he sometimes appeared for the company: on April 27, 2018, in the Greatest Royal Rumble match (eliminating Dash Wilder, before being eliminated by Tony Nese), and on January 27, 2019, at Royal Rumble, chasing Zelina Vega during the Women's Royal Rumble match. 

Since his release, Postl wrestles on the Independent circuit. He also wrestled for Impact Wrestling as Swoggle from 2016 to 2020 and for Ring of Honor in 2019 and made a cameo appearance on the November 18, 2020 episode of "AEW Dynamite".

Postl made his video game debut as Finlay's manager in "WWE SmackDown vs. Raw 2009" and last appeared in "WWE SmackDown vs. Raw 2011".


Ink cartridge

An ink cartridge is a small container that contains ink. The manufacturers of Inkjet printers use special cartidges for their printers. There may be one cartridge per color. Sometimes, there is also just one cartridge for several colors. Cartridge package could be initial it is not rely upon pipeline it is far better than this

Tezpur

Tezpur is a town in Assam, India. It is on the northern bank of the river Brahmaputra. In a census taken in 2004, about 58,240 people lived there.

Moreover the Bharali River is an anglers delight as angling / water rafting are allowed during winter seasons. Chariduar also host a number of Tourist Lodge amidst of tea garden.
ECO camps are also present in Bhalukpung / Nameri.

Tezpur has a central university (Tezpur University), apart from numerous colleges and schools.It has now received the tag "UNIVERSITY AT PAR EXELLENCE" from UGC (university grants commission). Tezpur also has many school, colleges of very high repute. Darrang college, Tezpur College are the leading colleges.
The Assam Valley School, around 15 km from Tezpur, is a very high standard residential school established by Williamson Magor Group. The school was ranked as the 7th best boarding-school in the country in a survey by an independent magazine. Further, it earned national laurel out of the board performance of its once Head Boy, Gaurav Agarwal, who topped the country in the ISC board in 2008-2009 with 98 percent. Gaurav had, in his class X board exams, secured the first rank in northeast India. In general too the school posts high standards in academics.
Other schools viz. Don Bosco High School,Sacred Heart High School, St. Joseph's Convent High School, Govt Boys Higher Secondary School, Govt Girls Higher Secondary School, Bengali Boys' H S School, Bengali Girls' High School, Guru Nanak Model School, Tezpur Academy, Children's Paradise School and Carmel Residential School are the leading institutes offering good education in the town of Tezpur. By the side of the National Highway[NH-37] at Nikamul,Tezpur, Don Bosco High School has been doing exceptionally good in the educational sector producing exceptional results in the High School Leaving Certificate(H.S.L.C) conducted by the Board Of Secondary Education Assam(SEBA).


D.Gray-man

D.Gray-man (ディー・グレイマン "Dī Gureiman") is a manga series by Katsura Hoshino. It is a Gothic-fiction manga first serialized in 2004 in "Weekly Shōnen Jump". It is an ongoing series and is currently up to 126 chapters. There is also a novel series called "Reverse" that tells the characters' backgrounds. As of May 1, 2007, VIZ Media has released the first five volumes in the United States. An anime version began airing on October 3, 2006 in Japan, but has yet to be seen in North America.

Many characters and their designs were from some of Katsura Hoshino's previous works and drafts, such as "Zone", "Book-man", and "Continue", and her assistants. Earlier titles considered for the manga were "Dolls", "Chronoa", and "Zone".


Kyoto Station

Kyoto Station (京都駅, "Kyōto-eki") is the most important transportation centers in Kyoto, Japan. It has Japan's second-largest train station building (after Nagoya Station). It is also one of the country's largest buildings, with a shopping mall, hotel, movie theater, Isetan department store, and several local government facilities under one 15-story roof. It also housed the Kyoto City Air Terminal until August 31, 2002.


Stefan Kießling

Stefan Kießling (born 25 January 1984) is a German football player. He plays for Bayer Leverkusen and Germany national team.

170||44
170||44

!Total||3||0

Sand filter

A sand filter is a layer of sand which is used to clean water of bacteria and other microorganisms. It is a type of filter.

A layer of sand or gravel is used when sewage goes through sewage treatment. Before sewage comes to the bacteria bed, it should already have gone thru part of the sewage treatment. At the bacteria bed, sewage gets exposed to (or has contact with) air, while microorganisms make some change to that sewage. The oxygen in the water kills the microbes, which are anaerobic.

The name "bacteria bed" is sometimes used about this type of filter.

Filter

A filter is a device used to remove unwanted parts from something. For example, removing solid particles from a liquid. Filter can also mean the act of filtering: it can be used as a verb. The different branches of science and technology often mean a particular kind of device when "filter" is mentioned.

The simplest filter is the kind called filter paper. Liquids can pass through the paper. Solid particles are stopped.

More advanced filters are possible. Two that are often used to make water more pure are activated carbon and zeolites.

Filters are used to remove unwanted items and/or impurities in the substance you are filtering.

The most usual thing meant by filter in electrical science is a wave filter. One common kind lets through some frequencies and stops all others. This is a band pass filter. For instance, in a radio it can select the radio station the listener wants to hear. The frequency of that station is passed, but all others are rejected.

There are many other uses, including use in telephones and audio, see: audio crossover.

There are digital filters which can be used to filter things besides frequencies. A common use is to improve the quality of pictures. For instance, there are filters which can make the edges of objects look more clear.

Optical filters act on light. They change it certain ways. This can be used for photographic filters.

Filters can be made from mechanical components. They will do very similar things to electric filters. Most especially, mechanical filters can be wave filters. That is, they can block some frequencies and pass others. Because of this, electric filters are sometimes made by first making a mechanical filter. The electric wave is turned into a mechanical movement, then passed through the filter, then turned back in to an electric wave. This kind of filter is often made from quartz crystals.

A device which changes electrical signals into mechanical signals is called a transducer. A device which changes mechanical signals into electrical signals is also a transducer, but one of a different kind.

An internet filter removes certain kinds of information. For example, certain words can be blocked.

Guwahati

Guwahati is the largest city in northeast India.

The capital complex of the Legislative Assembly of Assam is in Guwahati. The first bridge across the Brahmaputra river is at the northwest border of the city. Guwahati is the gateway to the rest of the Seven States of Arunachal Pradesh, Manipur, Meghalaya, Mizoram, Nagaland and Tripura. The largest religion in Guwahati is Hindu at 84.74% followed by Muslim at 12.45% in 2023 year by Census 2023 official survey data. According to census 2021 Muslim population is 40% in Assam but only 12.45% in Guwahati.


Henry Clay

Henry Clay, Sr. (April 12, 1777 – June 29, 1852) was an American politician from Kentucky. He served in the House of Representatives (as Speaker), in the Senate, and was Secretary of State. He ran for President several times but never won. He wanted the United States to fight the British during the War of 1812. After years in the Democratic-Republican Party he started the Whig Party to oppose Andrew Jackson.

He helped pass the famous compromises over slavery leading up the Civil War, including the Missouri Compromise and the Compromise of 1850. He is considered to be one of the greatest Senators in United States history.

Henry Clay was born on April 12, 1777, at the Clay farmhouse in Hanover County, Virginia, in a story-and-a-half frame house. It was an above-average home for a common Virginia planter of that time. At the time of his death, Clay's father owned more than 22 slaves, making him part of the planter class in Virginia (those men who owned 20 or more slaves). He also ate copious amounts of cabbage to survive the cold winter months.

Henry was the seventh of nine children of the Reverend John Clay and Elizabeth Hudson Clay. His father, a Baptist minister nicknamed "Sir John," died four years after his birth in 1781. The father left Henry and his brothers two slaves each, and his wife 18 slaves and of land. Henry Clay was a second cousin of Cassius Marcellus Clay, who became an abolitionist in Kentucky.

The widow Elizabeth Clay married Capt. Henry Watkins, who was a loving stepfather. Henry Watkins then moved the family to Richmond, Virginia. Elizabeth had seven more children with Watkins, having sixteen.

His stepfather secured Clay employment in the office of the Virginia Court of Chancery, where he showed a skill for law. There he became friends with George Wythe. Wythe chose Clay as his secretary. After Clay was employed as Wythe's faculty for four years, the chancellor took an active interest in Clay's future; he arranged a position for him with the Virginia attorney general, Robert Brooke. Clay received no formal legal education but, as was customary at the time, "read the law" by working and studying with Wythe, Chancellor of the Commonwealth of Virginia (also a mentor to Thomas Jefferson and John Marshall, among others) and Brooke. Clay was admitted to practice law in 1797.

After starting his law career, on April 11, 1799, Clay married Lucretia Hart at the Hart home in Lexington, Kentucky. She was a sister to Captain Nathaniel G. S. Hart, who died in the Massacre of the River Raisin in the War of 1812.

Clay and his wife had eleven children (six daughters and five sons): Henrietta (1800–1801), Theodore (1802–1870), Thomas (1803–1871), Susan (1805–1825), Anne (1807–1835), Lucretia (1809–1823), Henry, Jr. (1811–1847), Eliza (1813–1825), Laura (1815–1817), James Brown, (1817–1864), and John (1821–1887).

Seven of Clay's children died before him and his wife. By 1835 all six daughters had died of many conditions, two when very young, two as children, the other two as young women: from whooping cough, yellow fever, and complications of childbirth. Henry Clay, Jr. was killed at the Battle of Buena Vista during the Mexican-American War.

Lucretia Hart Clay died in 1864 at the age of 83. She is buried with her husband in Lexington Cemetery. Henry and Lucretia Clay were great-grandparents of the suffragette Madeline McDowell Breckinridge, a family member of John C. Breckinridge, who was Vice President of the United States during James Buchanan's presidency.

Daniel Webster

Daniel Webster (January 18, 1782 – October 24, 1852) was an important American statesman. He first became famous because of his defense of New England shipping interests. In his life, he became more and more nationalistic, and convinced many people to become nationalists too. This made Webster one of the most famous orators and powerful Whig leaders of the Second Party System. Webster did not like slavery, but he thought it was more important for the Union (the United States) to stay together than anything else.

Webster became the northern member of a group known as the "Great Triumvirate". They included his colleagues Henry Clay from the west and John C. Calhoun from the south. His "Reply to Hayne" in 1830 was generally seen as "the most eloquent (powerful, fluent, well-spoken) speech ever delivered in Congress."
Webster tried to keep the nation from civil war, and make them have a firm peace. His efforts did not succeed, but he was still respected for them. He was officially named by the U.S. Senate in 1957 as one of its five best members.

Daniel was born on January 18, 1782. His parents were Ebenezer and Abigail Webster (née Eastman) in Salisbury, New Hampshire, now part of the city of Franklin. He and his nine siblings grew up on his parents' farm. Daniel Webster's great-great-grandfather was Thomas Webster (1631–1715). Thomas Webster was born in Ormesby St. Margaret, Norfolk, England and settled in New Hampshire. As Daniel was a "sickly (unhealthy) child", his family often let him have whatever he wanted and he didn't have to work on the farm.

Daniel Webster became a lawyer and politician. He was elected to Congress as a Federalist. He supported free trade, opposed both Abolitionism and the expansion of slavery, and opposed the War of 1812 and other policies of the Democrats. When the Federalist Party declined, he joined with other former Federalists and National Democrats to form the Whig Party (United States). Always Webster supported the unity and harmony of the nation against various divisive schemes.


The Catcher in the Rye

The Catcher in the Rye is a novel by author J. D. Salinger. It was first published in 16 July 1951.

The book is about a young man, Holden Caulfield, who travels home after being expelled from an exclusive preparatory school. Instead of going directly home, Caulfield takes a wandering trip, thinking about what he wants to tell his family, and how best to deal with being kicked out of school. Caulfield narrates the story himself, to a psychoanalyst. (Hints are made as the story moves forward, that he is in a mental hospital. At the end of the book this is revealed.)

The book contains many profanities, and many people do not like the book for that reason. It was banned in many places. Other people see the profanity as Caulfield's way of showing his feelings of frustration and isolation with life. Many young people, boys in particular, relate to the story and its language, and feel that Caulfield would understand them if he knew them. For this reason, many schools require their students to read it.


Evan Lysacek

Evan Lysacek (born June 4, 1985) is an American figure skater. He grew up in Chicago, Illinois. Lysacek has trained all over the world, including in Switzerland and in Moscow. He now trains in El Segundo, California under his trainer Frank Carroll. Carroll at one time trained Michelle Kwan.

Lysacek won the United States Figure Skating Championships in 2007. He has won two bronze medals at the World Figure Skating Championships. He has also won the Four Continents Figure Skating Championships twice. Lysacek has won three silver medals at the World Junior Figure Skating Championships. That, followed immediately by his two bronze medals at the senior World Championships, meant that until 2007, he had won a medal at every World Championship he had ever entered.


Richard Childress Racing

Richard Childress Racing is a NASCAR racing team that is owned by Richard Childress. The team has operated for over 10 years and won over 100 races in the Sprint Cup Series. The team has also won 6 Sprint Cup series Championships. Notable drivers who have raced for Richard Childress Racing include Dale Earnhardt, and the current drivers are Austin Dillon and Ryan Newman.

Bobby Darin

Walden Robert Cassotto (May 14, 1936 – December 20, 1973), better known as Bobby Darin, was an American pop singer, most famous during the 1950s. His hits included "Mack the Knife", "Dream Lover", "If I Were a Carpenter", "Splish Splash", and "Beyond the Sea". He also helped Wayne Newton begin his musical career.

Allen Klein, an accountant who became an artist manager, first came to public attention when he audited Darin's royalty payments, and discovered Darin had been underpaid. His record company paid up, and Darin split the money with Klein.

Darin was married to actress Sandra Dee from 1960 to 1967. They had a son, named Dodd. Darin died late in 1973 after heart surgery.

In 2004, a movie, "Beyond the Sea", was made about Darin's life and career. Actor Kevin Spacey, a longtime Darin fan, produced and starred in the movie, with Kate Bosworth as Sandra Dee.


Sasha Cohen

Alexandra Pauline "Sasha" Cohen (born October 26, 1984) is an American figure skater. She is the 2006 U.S. National Champion, 2003 Grand Prix Final Champion, and 2006 Olympic silver medalist.


Justification (theology)

In Christian theology, justification is God's act of pardoning someone's sins, because of their belief in Christ.

The idea of justification is found in several books of both the Old Testament, and New Testament. Protestants believe justification is the line that divide the Roman Catholics from the Protestants during the Reformation Martin Luther and other reformers taught that faith alone made a person right with God, apart from doing good works. However, they taught that after they were justified by faith, good works would follow. Catholics tended to stress that the good works were part of what made a Christian acceptable to God. In recent times these two positions have come closer together. 

Jury nullification

Jury nullification is a jury on purpose ignoring evidence or refusing to apply the law as explained in the jury instructions. A jury may feel the application of the law is unfair, unjust, or immoral in some way or may want to "send a message" about some social issue.

Jury nullification is not a legal function of a jury and is not usually considered to be consistent with a jury's duty to judge a case on the facts and the law.

It is clear that juries have the power to nullify. However, it is another question on if they have the right to nullify. Once the verdict of not guilty is returned, double jeopardy applies and so the defendant cannot be tried again. If a judge learns that a juror intends to nullify the verdict, the judge has the right to remove that juror. Typically, jurors are not told by the court that they have the power to nullify. Judges fear if they told jurors they would have jury anarchy on their hands with jurors doing whatever they please. However, jury nullification can provide valuable feedback and is sometimes useful if it is used wisely.

Jury nullification goes back to the beginnings of the jury system in England as established by the Magna Carta in 1215. The practice came to the United States during the colonial period. The case thought to be the precedent for jury nullification in the US is that of John Peter Zenger in 1735. He was put on trial for seditious libel. Zenger had criticized the governor in his newspaper, "The Weekly Journal". Trying everything he could to insure a guilty verdict, the governor even had Zenger's lawyers disbarred to prevent him from having legal representation. But the jury refused to convict him, going against the judge's orders.

Along with a history of jury nullification in the US, there is also a history of discriminatory acquittals. 
An example of discriminatory acquittal is when jury nullification is used to punish female rape victims by allowing their rapists to go free. The same is true of female victims of domestic violence. The "appropriateness" of a female victim's behavior in court can a great deal to do with how a jury will act, according to studies on the subject. Another example is the 1991 case of Rodney King. King was an African-American man who was beat up by police officers on videotape. The jury acquitted the police officers of beating him up even though they watched the video in court.

Jury nullification can be a way for a jury to express their own prejudice and bias. Examples include all-white juries enforcing Jim Crow laws on black defendants while letting white defendants who committed racial crimes against blacks go free. Also, it can seem unfair to allow one defendant to go free for committing the same crime while another defendant is convicted, just because one jury decided to nullify the law. This challenges the concept of equal protection under Fourteenth Amendment.

In the 1895 Supreme Court decision "Sparf v. United States" the Court ruled that judges did not have an obligation to tell jurors about jury nullification. The decision did not say judges could not tell jurors about nullification or that jurors did not have that power. They only said judges were not required to tell jurors. This led to the now common practice of judges in the U.S. penalizing defense attorneys who try in any way to present a nullification argument.

When a jury lets guilty people go free, it is called jury nullification. When a prosecutor decides not to charge a guilty person of a crime, it is called "prosecutorial discretion". Prosecutors are legal professionals while jury members are not. However prosecutors are also politicians and may make politically motivated decisions or may be corrupt. Judges will often instruct a jury to return a verdict based on the merits of the case and not the merits of the law. But one argument is that juries have a responsibility to decide if they think the law is wrong in a particular case. 

A person who overreacts when seeing someone commit a crime may be guilty of a crime themselves. For example, if a child is killed by a drunk driver and the father then kills the drunk driver, according to law the father may be guilty of murder. The same is true if a man seeing someone sexually assaulting his wife or daughter and beats the attacker to death (in many jurisdictions). A jury is made up of people who live in a community. They can decide to let someone go free if they think is it safe to do so. 


Jason Alexander

Jason Alexander (born September 23, 1959) is an American actor. He played George Costanza in the television series "Seinfeld". He is of Jewish descent.



Khandi Alexander

Khandi Alexander (born September 4, 1957) is an American dancer, choreographer, and movie and television actress.

She played the character "Catherine Duke" on "NewsRadio" and the character "Jackie Robbins" on "ER". She is best known for the character "Alexx Woods", a coroner on the CBS drama "". She is currently appearing in the HBO series "Treme".


Kirsten Dunst

Kirsten Caroline Dunst (born April 30, 1982) is a German-American actress, famous for her roles in "", "The Virgin Suicides", "Marie Antoinette", and "Bring It On", as well as Mary Jane-Watson in the "Spider-Man" movie series. She was nominated for a Golden Globe Award for being the main heroine of many films. In 2022, she was nominated for an Academy Award for her role as Rose Gordon in "The Power of the Dog".


Mary Tyler Moore

Mary Tyler Moore (December 29, 1936 – January 25, 2017) was an Academy Award-nominated American actress, activist and philanthropist.

She is famous for "The Mary Tyler Moore Show" (1970–1977), where she played the role of "Mary Richards", a single woman who worked as a news producer at WJM-TV in Minneapolis, and for her role as "Laura Petrie", wife of television comedy writer "Rob Petrie" (played by Dick Van Dyke) on "The Dick Van Dyke Show" (1961–1966).

Moore was diagnosed with type 1 diabetes when she was 33. In 2011, she had brain surgery to remove a brain tumor. In 2014 friends reported that she had heart and kidney problems and was nearly blind. In October 2015, Moore's former co-star Dick Van Dyke said on an episode of "Larry King Now" that Moore was in poor health and unable to communicate.

In January 2017, she was hospitalized from a diabetic-related condition. Her condition worsened and was placed on a respirator the previous week. She died on January 25, 2017 in Greenwich, Connecticut from cardiopulmonary arrest caused by diabetic-related pneumonia, aged 80.




Pamela Anderson

Pamela Denise Anderson (born July 1, 1967 in Ladysmith, British Columbia, Canada) is a Canadian-American actress, sex symbol, glamour model, producer, television personality, and author.

Anderson started her career in Labatt Beer commercials. She was then offered to pose for Playboy and appeared in five issues. Anderson was the Playmate of the Month in February 1990. Anderson was a sex symbol in the 1990s. In 1993 she joined the cast of "Baywatch". Anderson has been a contestant in two series of "Dancing with the Stars" and in the 2013 series of "Dancing on Ice".

For a time, she was known as Pamela Anderson Lee during her marriage to the drummer for Mötley Crüe, Tommy Lee. The couple had two sons. She later married Kid Rock and Rick Salomon. She is a dual citizen: Canadian and American. In 2002, she stated that she has been diagnosed with hepatitis C.

Anderson is a vegan and an animal rights' activist.




Sandra Bullock

Sandra Annette Bullock (; born July 26, 1964) is an American-German movie actress. She became famous in the 1990s, after roles in successful movies, including "Speed" and "While You Were Sleeping". After that, she became a very respected actress, especially after 2004 movie "Crash". She is the 14th richest female celebrity with a fortune of around $85 million. She filed for divorce from her husband in April 2010 after reports of unfaithfulness by him.

Sandra Annette Bullock was born in Arlington, Virginia, which is a suburb of Washington, D.C. Her parents are called John Bullock and Helga Meyer, and she has a sister called Gesine. Sandra's mother was German, and Sandra spent lots of time in Germany when she was a child. She went to Washington-Lee High School and was a cheerleader. She went to East Carolina University. She then moved to New York City to try to become an actress.

Sandra Bullock first appeared in some TV movies, such as "Hangmen" and "Bionic Showdown". She also appeared in the movies "Love Potion No. 9" and "Demolition Man", which were quite successful movies. She then appeared in "Speed" and "While You Were Sleeping", which made her famous. She then starred more successful movies like "Miss Congeniality", "Two Weeks Notice", "Crash" and "The Lake House". Recently, she starred in the movies "The Proposal" and "The Blind Side". She received an Academy Award for her role in "The Blind Side".

Sandra Bullock has been in relationships with Tate Donovan, Matthew McConaughey and Ryan Gosling. She then married Jesse James in 2005, but divorced him in 2010 after reports that he cheated on her.

Bullock has one son, a boy named Louis Bardo Bullock. She adopted him in 2010.


Miami Ink

Miami Ink is an American television show on TLC about a tattoo shop in Miami, Florida.

Edmontonia

Edmontonia was an armoured dinosaur, of the nodosaur family from the Upper Cretaceous of Canada. 
It was heavy and tank-like at about 6.6 m (22 ft) long. It had bony plates on its back and head, many sharp spikes along its back and tail and four large spikes jutting out from its shoulders on each side. To protect itself from predators, it may have crouched down on the ground to protect its defenceless underbelly.

Adaminaby

Adaminaby () is a town in southeast New South Wales, Australia on the Snowy Mountains Highway. The first town of Adaminaby was in the way of a new dam built on the Eucumbene River as part of the Snowy Mountains Scheme. In 1957 more than 100 buildings were relocated to a new site 10 kilometres away where they would not be flooded.
The name, Adaminaby is an Aboriginal word meaning a camp, or a resting place. The town first started during the gold rush to Kiandra, New South Wales|Kiandra in 1860. It was first called Seymour, but the name was changed to Adaminaby in 1886.

Tropical Storm Delta (2005)

Tropical Storm Delta was a late-forming tropical storm which affected the Canary Islands and Morocco as a strong extratropical storm. It was also the twenty-sixth tropical or subtropical storm of the active 2005 Atlantic hurricane season.

Tropical Storm Delta formed out from an extratropical cyclone that slowly gained tropical characteristics. It was also a subtropical storm for a very short time before becoming "Tropical Storm Delta" on November 22. Delta then moved slowly and stubbornly to the Canary Islands. It became extratropical again on November 29, just before passing north of the islands.

On November 22, a non-tropical low pressure system in the central Atlantic Ocean began to gain some tropical characteristics. Late that afternoon the low became Subtropical Storm Delta, while located over 800 miles (1300 km) west-southwest of the Azores. Originally, the National Hurricane Center thought that the storm had already gained enough tropical characteristics to be classified as a regular tropical storm, but in post-storm analysis this was changed.

The storm's circulation became more organized and Delta became a tropical storm on November 24. It strengthened further to its maximum strength of 70 mph (110 km/h) winds later that day, just below hurricane strength. The official forecast at this time predicted that Delta would strengthen further and become a minimal hurricane, but this did not happen. Anyhow, Delta kept this strength for a few days as it moved slowly and zig-zaggedly in the central Atlantic. As wind shear increased over the storm, a Delta began weakening on November 25 and by the end of the next day Delta had weakened into a very weak tropical storm. Some of the computer models showed that the weakening tropical storm could be absorbed by a developing low to the west, which a few days later became Hurricane Epsilon. This did not happen, and Tropical Storm Delta began to move to the northeast.

As Delta sped up to the northeast heading to the Canary Islands, it strengthened again, reaching a second peak of just below hurricane strength on November 27. In post-storm analysis, the National Hurricane Center said that Delta had probably reached hurricane strength for a very short time during that day; but the data was not persuading enough to upgrade the storm to hurricane status. On November 28, as Delta moved closer to the Canary Islands, Tropical Storm Delta lost much of its tropical characteristics. The extratropical storm, which maintained winds of near-hurricane strength, came close to about 105 miles (165 km) while north of the islands that night. The storm later made landfall on Morocco early on November 29 and quickly weakened overland, dissipating later that day over northwestern Algeria.

A lot of damages was reported in the Canary Islands from the effects of Delta, where it was described as a "historic" event, as hurricanes are very rare there. The islands of Tenerife and La Palma were hardest hit, with many uprooted trees and landslides reported there. The strongest gust recorded at La Palma was 152 km/h (95 mph), and at Tenerife the maximum gust was 147 km/h (90 mph). One hospital had to be evacuated and several airports were closed across the islands. In all, more than 225,000 customers lost electricity and many lost telephone service.

Also, a famous natural tourist attraction, El Dedo de Dios (or God's finger), a geological feature which had been pointing towards the sky for more than a millennium and an important landmark for the Canary Islands, was destroyed by Delta's winds and wave movement along Gran Canaria's shore. Gran Canaria it was the island that suffered more damages in its Patrimony, since besides the storm destroyed centenary windows and crosses, the cover of the Cueva Pintada in Galdar, and stopped prisoners and without light several villages of the center of the island. Delta claimed seven lives; six of them were immigrants that were on a boat which sank off the Canary Islands and 12 were reported missing. The seventh was a result of winds throwing a man off a house while it was being repaired during the storm.

The total damage caused by Tropical Storm Delta throughout the islands was estimated to be over €312 million ($364 million 2005 US dollars). Delta was also blamed for a 10-15% reduction of the islands tuna catch, as it kept the fishermen in port for several more days. Delta was described as a "normal atmospheric disturbance" in Morocco and no damage was reported there. In fact, it was welcomed as farmers needed the rain there to finish the sowing of cereal crops.

When Subtropical Storm Delta formed on November 22, it was the first and earliest time that twenty-six tropical or subtropical storms had formed in the Atlantic during one hurricane season; it also extended the 2005 season's record for the number of storms in a single season.



High and Mighty Color

High and Mighty Color (ハイ・アンド・マイティ・カラー, "Hai ando Maiti Karā") is a Japanese rock band signed to Sony Music Entertainment Japan. Their single "Ichirinno Hana" was used as an OP song for the anime show, "Bleach".




Fall of Man

The Fall of Man (also called "The Story of the Fall" or "The Fall") is the story in the book of Genesis in the Torah (Old Testament) of when Adam and Eve, in God's eyes, lost their innocence. Genesis says that Adam and Eve ate from the Tree of Knowledge even after God told them it was not allowed. Adam and Eve lost their innocence and were thrown out of the Garden of Eden, where the Tree of Knowledge was. In Christian religion, all of man lost their innocence because Adam and Eve disobeyed God and had to be punished, so man can now tell good from bad and life from death.

The Fall, for many Christians, means humans can not make themselves holy enough to get into Heaven when they die. It is only possible to get into heaven because Jesus Christ sacrificed himself.

Judaism, Christianity and Islam believe the story of the Fall is the truth, but each explains it differently.

Islam says the Fall was just a historic event and did not change human nature at all. It says Adam and his wife were thrown out of the Garden of Eden and forced to work and suffer because Adam ate from the Tree of Knowledge. But God still gave others who were still loyal to him the chance to get into Heaven.

According to Jewish tradition, Adam and Eve had the free will to rebel against God's first commandment. One of God's first commandments was not to eat from the fruits of the Tree of Knowledge in the Garden of Eden. Adam and Eve ate from its fruits and had to pay a price. They were thrown out of the Garden of Eden, which is called Paradise, and they had to suffer and work to survive. Adam and Eve also became "like God" when they ate the fruit from the tree. They got the gifts of knowledge, wisdom, and self-awareness—things that seperate humans from animals. Judaism teaches that eating the fruit was disobedience, but not sin. Unlike Christianity, Judaism teaches that sin can not be inherited, and that people do not inherit "Original Sin". If a sin is committed, you may pray directly to God and ask for forgiveness, and if the sin has affected another person, you may also ask their forgiveness. Judaism says every person can get to heaven and be—once more—near to God. You do not have to be Jewish to get into heaven.

Judaism teaches these things about "The Fall":

Christians generally believe that everyone who is related to Adam is born with sin and would never make it into Heaven. Jesus, who was related to Adam only through Jesus' mother, had no sin, and died to remove the sins of those who believe in him. They believe that whoever believed in Jesus Christ was given a "second chance" to get back into Heaven, shown in John the Apostle's Gospel: "...God loved the world so much that he gave his only Son, so that everyone who believes in him would not be lost but have eternal life." (John 3:16, ERV) Different types of Christianity have slightly different ways of viewing the fall and salvation through Jesus. You can see the different views below.

Catholicism believes that people are born sinful, but have free will, and so they can clean themselves of their sin and can get into Heaven after the grace of God has changed them so that they want to do that; without this "first grace" the sinful people do not want to "go to Heaven".

Calvinists believe that God chooses the humans who were going to go to Heaven and those who were not. Humans do not get a choice in "spiritual matters".

Puritans took this one step farther. Puritans said that humans could do nothing to be able to get to Heaven. They said that no matter how good a person was, if he had not been chosen by God at birth, he would not go to Heaven. However, one could lose the right to go to Heaven by being bad.

Protestants believe that when Jesus sacrificed himself, he made man free from sin forever. Other people believe that when Jesus sacrificed himself, man was free from sin but he was not certain that he would still get into Heaven.

Some Christians say that the story of The Fall in Genesis 3 never happened but is just a myth or story that the Israelite people used to show that the relationship that man had with God is gone.

This view is quite neutral towards history. It says Bible stories that man failed in the Garden of Eden and needed to be saved are explanations of deeper spiritual truths. Some also say that Jesus Christ was God trying to start a new relationship with man.

Eastern Orthodoxy believes that a son is not guilty of the sins of his father (so sin is not passed down from Adam). They believe that men and women are forced to sin because of the world around them and thy have to try and resist if they want to go to Heaven. But they still believe that Adam caused all humanity to have to work for this. The emphasis on free will is great: even the sinful people can be saved through synergy with God's grace.

Pelagianism says that humans are capable of freely choosing good or bad decisions without God's help and that humans are not born with Adam's sin.

Mormonism believes that The Fall was part of a plan thought up by God so that His children could get into Heaven.

Mormons say that when Adam ate from the Tree of Knowledge it was not wrong, but was just a "demotion", like going from one good job to another, less good job. A step down but progressing in a forward direction. Mormons refer to The Fall as a Transgression. For Mormons a sin is the act of doing something contrary to the known will of God and to do so willing with full knowledge. Transgression, on the other hand, is the violation of a law or rule. So for Mormons, all sins (willfully disobedience) are transgressions but not all transgressions (violations) are sins. Since Adam didn’t have knowledge of good and evil before partaking of the forbidden fruit, so his act was a transgression of the law, not a sin against the law.
Before eating the fruit, Adam could never die. Because he could never die, he could never go to heaven. Eating the fruit made it so that Adam could die, so that later he could go to heaven. It also made it so that Adam and Eve could have children, so that everyone would have a chance to live, die, and go to heaven. Mormons say that if one follows the Plan of Salvation, that person can go to heaven. Mormons believe that:

Unification Church believe that Adam and Eve had sexual relations before they were married, and so they got thrown out of the Garden of Eden. They believe that a Blessing Ceremony can "wash" this sin away.

The Unity church believes that "The Fall of Man" has an important meaning but that it is not a true historic event.

Unitarian Universalists believe that people are inherently good, and that it is their most precious gift, free will, that allows people to sometimes act wrongly, rather than predestination or external temptation. The Fall is story, metaphor, allegory, not a history. 

Philip Pullman wrote a series called "His Dark Materials" and he says in the book that The Fall was a good thing. It was when humans became free to learn. Pullman believes that it is not worth being innocent if the price is not knowing the truth.

C.S. Lewis wrote a book called "Perelandra" where Adam and Eve were on the planet Venus rather than the classic Garden of Eden.

Albert Camus wrote a book called "The Fall" where a man tells another man in a bar in Amsterdam called "Mexico City" why he did not want to rescue a man who was trying to kill himself by jumping off a bridge into a canal.

In the manga (or comic-book) "Neon Genesis Evangelion", The Fall is often talked about, and at the end, an attempt to clean Adam's sin is performed and a new genesis is started.



Colorado River

The Colorado River is a river in the southwestern United States and northwestern Mexico. It is approximately 1,450 miles (2,330 km) long. It drains a part of the dry regions on the western slope of the Rocky Mountains. 

The natural course of the river flows into the Gulf of California. The heavy use of the river as an irrigation source for the Imperial Valley has desiccated the lower course of the river in Mexico. Now it no longer always reaches the sea.

On its way the Colorado River runs through Colorado, Utah, Arizona, Nevada, California and Mexico. The Colorado River drains 242,900 sq mi (629,100 km²). Total flows of the river range from 4000 cubic feet per second (570 m³/s) in droughts to 1,000,000 ft³/s (28,000 m³/s) in severe floods. With the construction of massive power dams on the lower course of the river, floods of over 70,000 ft³/s (2000 m³/s) are rare. The mean flow of the total river before diversion is 22,000 ft³/s. 

Historically, the flow was much higher before water usage began in the basin.

Cola

Cola is a type of carbonated drink that was made from the kola nut in the past, although other foods are often used now. Coca-Cola and Pepsi are types of cola. 120 years ago, only 9 glasses of cola were sold each day, but now, around 14 million cola drinks are drunk in the world every day.

Cola is usually made cold in a fridge, so it can be more refreshing, and helps to retain its fizziness. Cola used to contain cocaine from the coca leaf, but that was removed in 1886.


Slash

Slash can mean:

Slash (musician)

Saul Hudson (born July 23, 1965), better known by his stage name Slash, is an English-American musician. Originally from Stoke-on-Trent, his family moved to Los Angeles, California when Hudson was a child. Slash is best known for being lead guitarist of hard rock band Guns N' Roses from 1985 to 1996. After leaving the band Slash first formed Slash's Snakepit and then later co-founded Velvet Revolver with his former Guns N' Roses bandmates Duff McKagan and Matt Sorum.

In August 2009, Time Magazine named him #2 on its list of the 10 Best Electric Guitar Players of All-Time.

Hurricane Beta

Hurricane Beta was the twenty-third named storm, fourteenth hurricane, and seventh major hurricane of the 2005 Atlantic hurricane season. It formed in the southwestern part of the Caribbean Sea on October 26 and made landfall on the eastern coast of Nicaragua on October 30 as a strong Category 2 hurricane. Although Beta did create a lot of damage, it was somehow less than originally expected.

Late on October 26, a broad area of low pressure in the southwestern part of the Caribbean Sea off the coast of Costa Rica developed and became Tropical Depression Twenty-Six. At the second full advisory six hours later, the depression was upgraded to Tropical Storm Beta. Beta strengthened into a hurricane at 2 am EDT October 29, after spending a few hours on the border between tropical storm and hurricane strength. Beta reached maximum windspeeds of 115 mph (185 km/h) making it a Category 3 hurricane by 4 am EST October 30. The Colombian island of Providencia, about 140 miles off the coast of Nicaragua, was in danger to hurricane force winds for several hours as the center of the storm moved slowly very close to the island. Original reports stated major damages to homes and a temporary loss of communications with the islanders.
Beta made landfall in the morning of October 30 near the town of Sandy Bay Sirpi, 310 kilometres northeast of the Nicaraguan capital, Managua, as a strong Category 2 hurricane, destroying many buildings and knocking down trees. It weakened as it moved onto land and dissipated into a remnant low pressure system. If the system continued to move westward, the remnant low could have probably re-strengthened after it entered the Pacific Ocean. If the storm had regenerated, a new number and name would have been given.

The remnants of Hurricane Beta poured heavy rain over parts of the Central America on Monday, making forecasters to warn of deadly landslides and flooding as the storm began to dissipate. There were numerous reports of damage but fortunately no deaths were reported, although there were several reports of injuries and people missing. The storm finally dissipated late in the evening of October 30. Although Beta had moved out to sea, several rain bands from the remnant continued to fall on Nicaragua and Honduras on October 31.

Nicaraguan government officials said that if the hurricane had hit larger coastal cities such as Puerto Cabezas or Bluefields as was first predicted, it would have been a disaster. Hurricane Beta was the first hurricane to be named after a letter in the Greek alphabet, because the first tropical system to be named with a Greek letter, Tropical Storm Alpha, did not reach hurricane strength.

In Puerto Cabezas, Nicaragua, local officials announced a curfew to help stop looting and worked to cut off electricity throughout the city to stop possible injuries. 60,000 people were moved into shelters. Thousands of residents striggled through heavy rain to reach shelters. Many experts, including national meteorology director Milagros Castro, warned of the threat of mudslides, especially since Beta was a slow-moving storm.

In Honduras, the government also kept a red alert for the storm and an emergency committee was working on moving 150,000 people from areas of the capital, Tegucigalpa, that would be in danger to flooding and mudslides. Evacuations were being readied in five of the country's eighteen departments. Civil defense officials have declared an alert in neighboring El Salvador, fearing the threat of mudslides after Hurricane Stan destroyed much of the area. The preparations eventually turned out to be very serious, since there was no deaths reported in spie of the large damages.

On the island of Providencia, roofs were ripped off from dozens of wooden homes, the island's main communications tower was knocked over and a tourist footbridge was destroyed. But most of the 5,000 islanders stayed safe by climbing Providencia's many hills to ride out the storm in brick shelters. At least thirty people are reported to have been injured during Hurricane Beta's destruction upon the island.

Beta wiped out most of the town of Sandy Bay as it made landfall. Local reports said the town's population of 3,000 had mostly evacuated in advance. Wooden huts made most of the housing in Sandy Bay, and about eighty percent of it was thought to be uninhabitable. Trees were knocked down and roofs were ripped off from houses during Hurricane Beta's attack on the country. At least one pier was damaged. Many herds of cattle were killed by the storm. 700 people were trapped in Tasbapauni, a town separated from the mainland by a lagoon. Eighty percent of homes in Tasbapauni are thought to be damaged very badly. Some 200 homes in Laguna de Perlas' seventeen lake-front villages are reported to have been damaged a lot. 

Though the storm's remnants were expected to drop an additional four to eight inches on the already water logged ground, President Enrique Bolaños said his country had escaped a major disaster. He promised to quickly get aid to separated towns cut off by flooding and landslides. Nicaraguan Civil Defence Chief Col. Mario Perez Cassar said eighty per cent of the buildings on the central coast where the hurricane hit were heavily damaged or destroyed.

One person was reported to be injured and four people were reported missing in Nicaragua. The four missing men were later found alive on a boat that had been swept out into the Caribbean. A passing Panamanian-registered tanker ship found the four, all Miskito Indians, adrift about forty eight kilometres off the Nicaraguan coast after their gasoline ran out.

In Honduras, Beta left fifty communities separated and broke bridges in the northeastern provinces of Gracias a Dios, Atlantida and Colon on the coast. Strong winds knocked down signs, fences, trees and electricity and telephone poles, cutting off power and communication in hundreds of communities and at least two highways were blocked.

Authorities evacuated more than 7,800 people from north of the Nicaraguan border after four rivers overflowed from rain caused by Beta. The national soccer league stopped all of its games. The airports at La Ceiba and Roatan on the coast were operating intermittenly because of poor visibility, strong winds and flooding. Flooding damaged rice, corn and bean fields. High waters also sent snakes out of the jungle into urban areas, although there were no reports of snakebites.



Billie Joe Armstrong

Billie Joe Armstrong (born 17 February 1972 in Oakland, California) is an American musician and the lead singer and guitarist for the punk band Green Day. He also has numerous side projects as a vocalist, lyricist and guitarist in Foxboro Hot Tubs, Pinhead Gunpowder and The Network.
He was born in Oakland, California. He is of English, German, Irish, Italian, Mexican, Native American, Scottish, Spanish and Welsh descent.

Armstrong was given his first guitar "Blue", a Fernandes Stratocaster, at the age of 11 by his father, Andy, who died soon after. He and childhood friend Mike Dirnt started Sweet Children, their first band which eventually developed into Green Day in 1987. They added drummer John Kiffenmeyer (Al Sobrante). Sobrante left the band to go to college as they were making waves and gaining popularity. Frank Edwin Wright III (famously known as Tre Cool) replaced him as the permanent drummer making the official line up of Green Day in 1989.

The band gained a following in the punk scene in California, particularly in the Gilman Street Scene. They released three EPs ("1000 hours", "39/Smooth" and "Slappy") before releasing two LPs, one being a compilation of the EPs ("1039 Smoothed Out Slappy Hour") in 1991 and "Kerplunk" later in the same year.

With the release of their first major label album "Dookie" the band gained worldwide attention. Their intentions were not to sell out but just to make music. Unfortunately the popularity did not do well with the Gilman scene and they were exiled. However, despite those rough years the band became increasingly popular.

Armstrong is openly bisexual. He is married and lives in Berkeley, California with his wife Adrienne Armstrong and two sons Jakob and Joseph. 

Armstrong has considered himself to be Independent with left-wing causes, and endorsed Barack Obama, Bernie Sanders, and Joe Biden. He described Donald Trump as a fascist and in an inflammatory statement compared him to Adolf Hitler, prior to describing him as a puppet!

The Importance of Being Earnest

The Importance of being Earnest, A Trivial Comedy for Serious People is a play by Oscar Wilde. It was first performed on 14 February 1895 at St. James's Theatre in London. In the play, the protagonists make up people who are not real to try to make their lives easier. The play's most important themes are the light humourous way it treats serious things like marriages and the satire of Victorian ways. At the time the play came out, reviews all praised the play's humour. However, some people wanted better social messages, while others thought that it was the best play Wilde had ever written. It is Wilde's most popular play.

The plot is about two men who try to woo their respective lovers by convincing each that their name is Ernest. The play includes many puns and plays on words. Even the title is a pun, because "Ernest" is a man's name and "earnest" is a word that means "serious, honest, and sincere." The play is about morality, style, and hypocrisy, among others, but it is noted for being humorous and lighthearted.

The successful opening night marked the climax of Wilde's career but also heralded his downfall. The Marquess of Queensberry, father of Lord Alfred Douglas, Wilde's lover, planned to present Wilde a bouquet of spoiling vegetables and disrupt the show. Wilde was tipped off, and Queensberry was refused admission. Soon afterwards the feud came to a climax in court, and Wilde's new notoriety caused the play, despite its success, to be closed after just 86 performances. After imprisonment, he wrote no further comic or dramatic work. "The Importance of Being Earnest" has been revived many times since its premiere and adapted for the cinema on three occasions, in 1952, 1992 and 2002.

Unlike many other plays at this time, "The Importance of Being Earnest"'s light story was not about serious social or political issues. This was something that reviewers at that time were not sure what to think about. Though they were not sure of how serious Wilde was, they agreed that the play was clever, funny, and popular. George Bernard Shaw, for example, reviewed the play in the "Saturday Review". He said that comedy plays should not only be funny but touching, saying, "I go to the theatre to be "moved" to laughter". Later in a letter he said that the play was "extremely funny" but "really heartless".

In 1963, Erik Chisholm made an opera from the play.

BBC Radio 4 made a radio adaptation on 13 February 1995. It was directed by Glyn Dearman. Dame Judi Dench was "Lady Bracknell", Sir Michael Hordern was "Lane", Michael Sheen was "Jack Worthing", Martin Clunes was "Algernon Moncrieff", John Moffatt was "Rev. Canon Chasuble", Miriam Margolyes was "Miss Prism", Samantha Bond was "Gwendolen" and Amanda Root was "Cecily". The production came out on audio cassette by Hodder Headline Audiobooks with BBC Enterprises ().

On 13 December 2000, BBC Radio 3 broadcast a new radio adaptation directed by Howard Davies. In this radio adaption, Geraldine McEwan was "Lady Bracknell", Simon Russell Beale was "Jack Worthing", Julian Wadham was "Algernon Moncrieff", Geoffrey Palmer was "Rev. Canon Chasuble", Celia Imrie was "Miss Prism", Victoria Hamilton was "Gwendolen" and Emma Fielding was "Cecily". The music was written by Dominic Muldowney. The production was released on audio cassette by the BBC Radio Collection ().


Puerto Cabezas

Puerto Cabezas is a city in Nicaragua. It is the capital of the North Caribbean Coast Autonomous Region (RACCN).

Tegucigalpa

Tegucigalpa is the capital and largest city of Honduras. With a total population of 1,526,660 people as of 2022.

Tegucigalpa is located on a chain of mountains with elevations of at its lowest points and at its highest suburban areas. Like most of the interior highlands of Honduras, the majority of Tegucigalpa's current area was occupied by open woodland. The area surrounding the city continues to be open woodland supporting pine forest interspersed with some oak, scrub, and grassy clearings as well as needle leaf evergreen and broadleaf deciduous forest.

Tegucigalpa has a tropical savanna climate (Köppen: "Aw"); the west part of the city has a very slight monsoon humid subtropical climate (Köppen: "Cwa") influence, milder due to the elevation and with two distinct seasons: the rainy season, and the dry season. 

Zappanale

The Zappanale is a music festival held every year in honour of the musician and composer Frank Zappa. It happens in the beginning of August at the town of Bad Doberan, Germany.


Burlington Airpark

Burlington Airpark is an airport in Burlington, Ontario, Canada. It has two runways. The airport is privately owned by Vince Rossi.

The airport was created by Victor and Gwen Kovachik in 1962. It is a very popular airport for Toronto-area pilots.

The airport's first runway is and is made of asphalt and turf. The second runway is and is made of turf.


Pratibha Patil

Pratibha Patil (born 19 December 1934) is an Indian politician. She was the first woman to become the President of India serving from 2007 through 2012. Before becoming President, she was the Governor of Rajasthan and served as that from 2004 to 2007. One of her many achievements is Order of Aztec Eagle which she received in 2019. It is Mexico's highest civilian award.

Lily

The lily is a genus of flowering plant. There are many species of lilies, like trumpet lilies and tiger lilies. They are usually quite tall, and are perennials.

Most lilies grow from a bulb, which in some species develops into a rhizome, which carries small bulbs. A highly efficient technique for multiple shoot and propagule formation in lilies through plant tissue culture technique was given by Yadav et al., in 2013 

Lilies grow in Europe, North America, and Asia. There are more than 100 species, and many cultivated varieties. They also come in various colours. It tends to grow wild in the forest and a grassy plain of a mountainous area, but several kinds grow wild on wet ground. A lily's petals come in multiples of three. The fleur de lys is a stylized depiction of the lily.
Some "Lilium" species are toxic to cats, especially "Lilium longiflorum".The mechanism is not exactly known but it involves damage to the kidneys, which can cause acute renal failure. Veterinary help should be sought, as a matter of urgency, for any cat that is suspected of eating any part of a lily – including licking pollen that may have brushed onto its coat.<section end="lilium-toxicity" />


Tropical Storm Zeta

Tropical Storm Zeta was the twenty-eighth and last storm of the 2005 Atlantic hurricane season. It formed very late during the year on December 30, after the official end of the season, and was a very rare tropical cyclone to live during two calendar years.

Tropical Storm Zeta formed on December 30 in the central Atlantic Ocean, where it stayed far away from land during its whole lifetime. While every forecast given to the storm predicted it to dissipate quickly, Zeta, like Hurricane Epsilon, denied those advisories. Zeta reached to its maximum strength on January 2 until finally dissipating on January 8, also bringing the close to the end of the 2005 season.

Late on December 29, 2005, a tropical depression developed in the east-central Atlantic Ocean from a frontal trough and strengthened into a tropical storm early the next day. As this was more than four weeks after the official end of the season, the National Hurricane Center did not actually classify the system until after it had already become a tropical storm. The new bound storm originally moved to the northwest but stopped for a few hous late on December 31 before moving west. As Tropical Storm Zeta slowly gained strength, it had many characteristics similar to Hurricane Epsilon, like when the National Hurricane Center constantly forecasted that Zeta would weaken because of the high wind shear; but Zeta still held onto its strength, like Epsilon had done.

Tropical Storm Zeta weakened a little bit on January 2, before strengthening again to its maximum strength with 65 mph (100 km/h) winds on the same day. One of the models suggested that Zeta could strengthen further and become a hurricane but this did not happen. Tropical Storm Zeta continued to reject forecasts of weakening and on January 4, so much frustration made NHC forecaster, Dr. Lixion Avila to say that he had "run out of things to say".

The effects huge amount of wind shear finally began to affect the storm itself on January 4, as Zeta's strength began to weaken. This made Tropical Storm Zeta to weaken into a very weak tropical storm. The NHC still continued to overestimate how fast Zeta would dissipate and early on January 5 they actually downgraded Zeta to a depression, which was later confirmed to have been wrong. Zeta continued to move west-northwestward, barely holding on to tropical storm status before becoming disorganized again. Zeta weakened into a tropical depression on January 6 and dissipated into a remnant later that day, finally bringing an end to the 2005 Atlantic hurricane season. But the remnant low still its identity for one more day before it dissipated 660 miles (1060 km) southeast of Bermuda.

Several of the people that were taking part in the 2005 Atlantic Rowing Race were affected with heavy seas and strong, unpleasant winds from Tropical Storm Zeta. The ship "Liberty Star" made several reports of strong winds from Tropical Storm Zeta, including one of 40 mph (65 km/h) winds early on December 31, when the ship was about 45 miles (75 km) north from the center of the storm. Because Tropical Storm Zeta never came close to land, no coastal watches or warnings were given out. There were no reports of damages or deaths from Zeta.

When Tropical Storm Zeta formed at 0600 UTC on December 31, it became the second latest-forming tropical cyclone ever recorded in the Atlantic Ocean, forming about six hours earlier than Hurricane Alice did in 1954. Zeta is only the second Atlantic tropical cyclone on record to have lived through two calendar years (after Alice). Tropical Storm Zeta also extended the record number of storms to form in the 2005 season to twenty-eight, seven more than the previous record held by a hurricane season from 1933. It was also the only Atlantic storm to have a name beginning with the letter "Z", since the list of names for Atlantic storms do not have a "Z" name.



Dan Fogelberg

Daniel Grayling "Dan" Fogelberg (August 13, 1951 – December 16, 2007) was an American singer, songwriter and multi-instrumentalist, whose music was inspired by sources as diverse as folk, pop, classical, jazz, and bluegrass music. He was most popular in the late 1970s and early 1980s.

Lettuce

Lettuce is a vegetable as well as an annual plant. Both the stems and the leaves can be eaten. It is of the Asteraceae family.

Lettuce can be grown in many parts of the world, including Europe, Asia, and North America, in temperate climates. It will turn more bitter tasting in hot weather. You can grow lettuce during winter in a greenhouse.

In some countries, it is often eaten cold and raw, in salads, hamburgers, tacos, sandwichs, and many other dishes. In some places, including China, lettuce is eaten cooked. Lettuce contains very little energy or nutrients.

Most lettuce leaves are green, but some are red. Most lettuce leaves taste bitter. Some kinds of lettuce grow in a head shape like cabbage, while the leaves of some kinds grow more loosely.

The five main cultivars are: green leaf, red leaf, cos, crisphead, and stem lettuce. 

Common varieties are Romaine, iceberg, and butter lettuce.

The name of the plant in English, "lettuce," and in Latin, "lactuca," come from "lactis", the Latin word for milk, because the juice of the plant looks like milk.

Wild lettuce plants were eaten by the Romans and Egyptians. The ancient Greeks were among the first people to grow lettuce as a crop. It was one of the first plants brought to the New World by Christopher Columbus.

Hadrosaurus

Hadrosaurus was a genus of hadrosaurid dinosaur from the Upper Cretaceous period. Is the only species in its genus and is the official state dinosaur of New Jersey. The name is dubious because no skull has been found to distinguish it from near relatives.

The Hadrosaurus pictured here was a land dwelling animal, who's body was washed out to sea after its death, where it fossilized on the seafloor. 

William Shatner

William Shatner (born March 22, 1931) is a Canadian actor, author, director, producer, screenwriter, singer and space tourist. He became famous for playing James Tiberius Kirk of the "USS Enterprise" in the television show "" from 1966 to 1969 and in seven more movies. 

Shatner has written a series of books telling his experiences playing James T. Kirk and being a part of "Star Trek". He also played the role as veteran police sergeant "T.J. Hooker", from 1982 to 1986. He has since worked as a musician, bestselling author, producer, director, and celebrity pitchman, most notably for Priceline.com. 

He played attorney "Denny Crane" on the television drama "Boston Legal", for which he has won an Emmy and a Golden Globe Award.

Shatner is of Jewish descent.

On October 13, 2021 he was the oldest person to go into space, at age 90, on board the Blue Origin NS-18; He went beyond the Kármán line.

He trained as a Shakespearean actor and appeared in many plays. Before Star Trek, Shatner appeared in other TV shows such The Outlaws, 1960's "The Outer Limits", The Twilight Zone, and movies. His first movie was in 1951. He starred in the movie "Incubus" that was filmed only in Esperanto.


Yeardley Smith

Martha Maria Yeardley Smith (born July 3, 1964) is an Emmy Award-winning American actress, comedian and writer. She is known for being the voice of Lisa Simpson on the animated television series "The Simpsons".

Denise Richards

Denise Lee Richards (born February 17, 1971) is an American actress and former fashion model. She came to fame in the late 1990s, after many movies that showed her beauty, including "Starship Troopers", "Wild Things" and "The World Is Not Enough".


Ashley Judd

Ashley Judd (born Ashley Tyler Ciminella on April 19, 1968) is an American actress. She is famous for her roles in a series of late 1990s and early 2000s thriller movies, including "Kiss the Girls", "Double Jeopardy" and "High Crimes".


Barbara Stanwyck

Barbara Stanwyck (July 16, 1907 – January 20, 1990) was an American actress of movie, stage, and television.

In 1999, the American Film Institute named her among the Greatest Female Stars of All Time, ranking at No. 11.

She was awarded the Golden Globe Cecil B. DeMille Award.


Brooke Shields

Brooke Christa Camille Shields (born May 31, 1965) is an American actress and supermodel. She has been named one of People's most beautiful people in the world three times. Shields started being a model when she was 11 months old. Ford Models started their children's division for Shields. 

She first acted in "Alice, Sweet Alice", a 1976 slasher film. Her next film was "Pretty Baby". In it she played a child prostitute called Violet. She was 12 when it was released and was naked in the film. Some people said this was child pornography and Shields got a lot of attention from this. In February 1980 she was the youngest model ever to be on the cover of Vogue (magazine). She was 14. Later that year she was in adverts for Calvin Klein jeans. In 1981, she starred in The Blue Lagoon.

In 1985 a book Shields wrote about her life, "On Your Own" was published.

In 1987 Shields got a degree from Princeton University in French literature.

From 1996 to 2000, Shields was the main character in the sitcom "Suddenly Susan".

On April 19, 1997, Shields married Andre Agassi. She later married Chris Henchy with whom she has two daughters.

On July 7, 2009 Shields gave a speech at Michael Jackson's memorial service. Jackson and Shields met when she was 13. They became friends instantly. In an interview with Rolling Stone, Shields said, “There were times when he would ask me to marry him, and I would say, ‘You have me for the rest of your life, you don’t need to marry me, I’m going to go on and do my own life and have my own marriage and my own kids, and you’ll always have me’.”

In his 1993 interview with Oprah, Jackson said that he was dating Shields. However, in the 2009 Rolling Stone interview Shields said the last time she saw Jackson was 1990.


Fujita scale

The Fujita scale is a scale used for rating tornado strength, based on the damage tornadoes cause on human-built buildings and vegetation. The official Fujita scale category is determined by meteorologists (and engineers) after a ground and/or aerial damage inspection; also including analysis of available sources such as eyewitness accounts and damage images and/or videos. It was replaced with the Enhanced Fujita scale in the United States in February 2007 and in Canada in April 2013. 

Other F0 Rated Tornadoes:
Waterspout

Ticino

Canton Ticino or Ticino ([]; French and German: "Tessin" [] and []) is the southernmost canton of Switzerland. The written language is Italian in almost the entire canton (except the Walser municipality of Bosco Gurin, where it is German). It surrounds the Italian exclave of Campione d'Italia. Together with areas of the canton of Graubünden it makes up the so-called "Svizzera Italiana" (Italian Switzerland). Lombard dialects (Ticinese) are still spoken, especially in the valleys, but they have no official status. It is named after the Ticino river.

The canton of Ticino is located in the south of Switzerland. It is almost entirely surrounded by Italy which lies to its east, west and south. To the north lie the cantons of Valais and Uri, to the northeast the canton of Graubünden.

Its area is 2,812 km², of which about three quarters are considered productive. Forests cover about a third of the area, but also the lakes Maggiore and Lugano make up a considerable part of the total area. These lakes are known with the above listed names, but are officially named Lake Verbano and Lake Ceresio.

The canton is split geographically in two parts by the Monte Ceneri pass. The northern, more mountainous part, called "Sopraceneri", is formed by the two major Swiss valleys around the lake Maggiore: Ticino Valley and Maggia Valley. The southern part, called "Sottoceneri", is the region around the Lake Lugano.

The River Ticino is the largest river in the canton. It drains most of the canton, flowing from the northwest through the Bedretto Valley and the Leventina valley to enter Lake Maggiore near Locarno. Its main tributaries are the Brenno in the Blenio Valley and the Moesa in the Mesolcina Valley in Graubünden. The lands of the canton are shaped by the river, which in its mid portion forms a wide valley, commonly known as the "Riviera".

The western lands of the canton, however, are drained by the Maggia River. The Verzasca Valley is located between the Ticino river and the Maggia river. There is also a smaller area that drains directly into the Lake Lugano. Most of the land is considered within the Alps, but a small area is part of the plain of the River Po which drains the north of Italy.

In ancient times the area of what is today Ticino was settled by the Lepontii, a Celtic tribe. Later, probably around the rule of Augustus, it became part of the Roman Empire. After the fall of the Western Empire, was ruled by the Ostrogoths, the Lombards and the Franks. Around 1100 CE it was the centre of struggle between the free communes of Milan and Como: in the 14th century it was definitively acquired by the Visconti, Dukes of Milan. In the 15th century the Swiss Confederates conquered the valleys south of the Alps in three separate conquests.

The Canton of Uri conquered the Leventina Valley in 1440. Between 1403 and 1422 some of these lands were already annexed by forces from Uri, but subsequently lost. In a second conquest Uri, Schwyz and Nidwalden gained the town of Bellinzona and the Riviera in 1500. Some of the land and the town Bellinzona itself were previously annexed by Uri in 1419 but lost again in 1422. The third conquest was fought by troops from the entire Confederation (at that time constituted by 12 cantons). In 1512 Locarno, the Maggia Valley, Lugano and Mendrisio were annexed. Subsequently, the upper valley of the Ticino River, from the St. Gotthard to the town of Biasca (Leventina Valley) was part of Canton Uri. The remaining territory ("Baliaggi Ultramontani", "Ennetbergische Vogteien", the Bailiwicks Beyond the Mountains) was administered by the Twelve Cantons.

The lands of the canton of Ticino are the last lands to be conquered by the Swiss Confederation. (After the battle of Marignano in 1515 the king of France Francis I defeated the Confederates, and they gave up any further conquests.) In February 1798 an attempt of annexation by the Cisalpine Republic was repelled by a volunteer militia in Lugano. Between 1798 and 1803, during the Helvetic Republic, the districts of Bellinzona and Lugano were separate cantons, but in 1803 the two were unified to form the canton of Ticino that joined the Swiss Confederation as a full member in the same year. During the Napoleonic Wars, many Ticinese (as was the case for other Swiss) served in Swiss military units allied with the French.

Until 1878 the three largest cities, Bellinzona, Lugano and Locarno, alternated as capital of the canton. In 1878, however, Bellinzona became the only and permanent capital.

The current constitution dates from 1997. The previous constitution, heavily modified, dates from 1830, nearly 20 years before the constitution of actual Swiss Confederation.

The cantonal parliament is the "Grand Council" (Italian: "Gran Consiglio"), with 90 members and the government ("Consiglio di Stato") has 5 members ("Consiglieri di Stato"). In the both councils the members are elected with the proportional electoral system. The canton sends two deputies to the Swiss Council of States (upper house), and eight deputies to the National Council (lower house). It's regional capitol is Bellinzona.

The main agricultural production is wine, mostly merlot, a type of red wine. It is followed by horticulture, milk and cheese production.

The hilly slopes of the canton are used extensively for the production of hydroelectricity. The electricity produced is used at home and sold for export. There is cattle breeding in the northern areas. The production of wine is important in the canton and exported to mainly other areas in Switzerland. The vineyards are mostly concentrated in the southern half of the canton where the climate is warmer. Other agricultural produce includes corn (maize), potatoes, tobacco and vegetables.

The weather in the canton is often inverse to that north of the Alps. This, and a warmer climate in general, attracts many tourists from other Swiss cantons. The lakes together with the sunshine are considered attractive. Tourism is the single most important economic factor in the canton.

There is also light industry, mostly concentrated around the three largest towns of Lugano, Locarno and Bellinzona.

The canton is well connected to the rest of Switzerland. There are tunnels underneath the Gotthard massive, both for rail and road. The canton of Grisons (Graubünden) is connected with a direct coach link, whereas the canton of Valais is connected by rail through a tunnel at the Simplon Pass. There are good rail links to Milan and Rome in Italy as well as Germany via Basel and Zürich.

Because of the tourist trade there are a number of small railways in scenic areas in the mountains. Winter sports is important, despite being less developed.

There are two major centres of education and research located in the canton of Ticino. The University of Italian speaking Switzerland (USI, Università della Svizzera Italiana) is the only Swiss university teaching in Italian. The University of Applied Sciences of Italian speaking Switzerland (SUPSI, Scuola Universitaria Professionale della Svizzera Italiana) on the other hand is a professional training college focused on a practical method of teaching in the areas of applied art, economy, social work, technology and production science.

Three daily newspapers are published in Ticino: Corriere del Ticino, La Regione, and Giornale del Popolo. These represent the only Italian daily publications in Switzerland.

The official language, and the one used for most written communication, is Italian. In oral communication Western Lombard (Ticinese) varieties, although receding in favour of Italian (especially in the cities of Lugano, Ascona and Locarno and among the younger generations), are still well preserved. These are further subdivided into local variations, with the northern valleys speaking a dialect more closely aligned with Romansch, Switzerland's fourth official language. There is a certain amount of popular literature (poems, comedies, etc.) in Ticinese, and the national radio and televisions trasmit regularly program in Ticinese (mainly comedies).

The population is mostly Roman Catholic (75%) or Protestant (7%). About 2% each are Orthodox or Muslim.

The Canton of Ticino is divided into 8 districts ("distretti") and 38 circles ("circoli"):


There are 195 municipalities in the canton (as of February 2006). These municipalities ("comuni") are grouped in 38 "circoli" (circles or sub-districts) which are in turn grouped into districts ("distretti"). Since late 1990 there is an ongoing project of group some municipalities together (as they are small).


Ticino (river)

The Ticino river is a river that originates in the Alps, near Nufenen. It then flows through the Swiss canton of Ticino and northern Italy. It flows into the Po River, near Pavia. It is 270 km long. It gave its name to the canton. In Switzerland, it is dammed to make electricity. In Italy, it is mainly used for irrigation. The river flows through Lago Maggiore.

Po (river)

The Po (Latin: "Padus", , ancient "Eridanus") is a river that flows 652 kilometers (405 miles) eastward across northern Italy, from Monviso (in the Cottian Alps) to the Adriatic Sea near Venice. It has a drainage area of 71,000 km² and is the longest river in Italy. 

It goes through many important Italian towns, including Turin (Torino) and (indirectly) Milan (Milano), in Lombardy. It is connected to Milan through a net of channels called "navigli", which Leonardo da Vinci helped design. Near the end of its course, it creates a wide delta (with hundreds of small channels and five main ones, called "Po di Maestra", "Po della Pila", "Po delle Tolle", "Po di Gnocca" and "Po di Goro") at the southern part of which is Comacchio, an area famous for eels. The Po valley corresponds to the Roman Cisalpine Gaul, divided in Cispadane Gaul (South of the Po) and Transpadane Gaul (North of the Po).

The vast valley around the Po is called "Pianura Padana" and is so efficiently connected by the river that the whole valley became the main industrial area of the country. This river is subject to the authority of a special authority, the "Magistrato delle Acque".

Roman poets sometimes referred to the Po river as Eridanus, which also has other meanings.

The main products of the farms around the river are cereals.

In 2005, water from the Po was found to contain "staggering" amounts of benzoylecgonine, which is excreted by cocaine users in urine. Based on these figures, cocaine consumption was estimated to be about 4 kg daily, or 27 doses per day per thousand young adults in areas that feed into the river—a number nearly three times higher than previous estimates.

On May 4, 2007 The river dried up in spots completely. Italy declared a state of emergency in the northern and central regions. The Alps had reduced snowfall the previous winter. It was the Alps's warmest winter in 1300 years. Experts said this could have been part of global warming. There was some discussion about filling the river up by diverting water flows from large lakes and reservoirs in the Alps.

The Po showed the effects of drought again in 2017. By then, experts were even surer it was part of global warming, then called climate change.

Tributaries include (R from the right side, L from the left, looking downstream):


Cristiano Ronaldo

Cristiano Ronaldo dos Santos Aveiro ( (born 5 February 1985), better known as Ronaldo, is a Portuguese professional footballer who plays as a forward. He is the captain of the Portuguese national team and he is currently playing at Saudi Arabian football club Al Nassr.

He is considered to be one of the greatest footballers of all time.

Ronaldo began his professional career with Sporting CP at age 17 in 2002, and signed for Manchester United a year later. He won three back-to-back Premier League titles: in 2006-07, 2007-08, and 2008-09. In 2007-08, Ronaldo, helped United win the UEFA Champions League. In 2008-09, he won his first World Cup in December 2008, and he also won his first Ballon d'Or. At one point Ronaldo was the most expensive professional footballer of all time, after moving from Manchester United to Real Madrid for approximately £80 m in July 2009. In 2009, Ronaldo was included in the "World Player of the Decade 2000s", ranking third behind Lionel Messi (who came second) and Ronaldinho (who came first).

He won his first trophy with Real Madrid in 2011, the 2010-11 Copa del Rey. In the next season, he won his first La Liga title with the club, the 2011-12 La Liga. In the 2012-13 season he won the Supercopa de España. In the next season, the 2013-14 season, he won his second Ballon d'Or. Then he won the Copa del Rey, and he also won his second Champions League with a record 17 goals. The following year, Ronaldo won the Ballon d'Or again, along with his second FIFA Club World Cup in December 2014. In 2016, Ronaldo won his third Champions League, and scored the winning penalty in the final against Atlético Madrid. He won his fourth Ballon d'or the next season, his second La Liga title for the first time in five years, another Champions League, and his second Club World Cup. Ronaldo's last season with Real Madrid was the 2017-18 season, where he won his fifth Ballon d'Or in 2017, and also won his fifth Champions League and scored two goals in the final against Juventus. With his third consecutive Champions League, he became the first player to win the UEFA Champions League five times. He would later go on to transfer to Juventus in July 2018. Ronaldo left the club by holding the record for being the top goal scorer in Real Madrid's history, and remaining as the only player in La Liga's history to score 30 or more goals in six consecutive seasons.

Ronaldo began his career with Portugal at age 18. He scored his first goal at UEFA Euro 2004 and helped Portugal reach the final, although they lost to Greece 1-0. The first World Cup he played at was the 2006 FIFA World Cup. He scored a goal and helped Portugal earn fourth place. Two years later, he became Portugal's full captain. Since then, he has appeared at four Euro's: 2008, 2012, 2016, and 2020. He has also appeared at three World Cups: 2014, 2018, and 2022 FIFA World Cup.

Cristiano Ronaldo dos Santos Aveiro was born in Funchal, Madeira Islands in early 1985 to Maria Dolores dos Santos and José Dinis Aveiro. He has one brother named Hugo, and two sisters named Katia and Elma. Ronaldo was diagnosed with a racing heart (Tachycardia) at age 15 in 2000. In 1997, 12-year-old Ronaldo went on a trial with Sporting CP. He impressed the club enough to be signed for £1,500. He then moved from Funchal to Lisbon, to join the Sporting youth academy. In 1999, at age 14 he was expelled from school for throwing a chair at his teacher.

Growing up, Ronaldo idolized the Brazilian legends Ronaldinho and Ronaldo Nazário, and has described them as leaving "a beautiful history in football".

Ronaldo played his first professional match against Inter Milan on 14 August 2002. He came in as a sub during the second half. On 7th October 2002, Ronaldo played a role in his first game in the Portuguese Primeira Liga, against Moreirense. He scored two goals and Sporting won 3–0. Ronaldo came to the attention of Manchester United manager Alex Ferguson in August 2003, when Sporting defeated United 3–1 in the first game ever played at the Estádio José Alvalade in Lisbon. His performance impressed the United players.

On 12 August 2003, Ronaldo joined Manchester United from Sporting CP for a fee of £12.24 million. He was Manchester United's first Portuguese player. He wanted the number 28, the number he wore at Sporting, but was eventually given the number 7. This number had been worn by George Best, Eric Cantona and David Beckham before him. He played his first game for the club on 16 August 2003 in a 4-0 win against Bolton Wanderers. Many people were impressed with his debut, including legendary United player George Best. Ronaldo's first goal with Manchester United was a free kick. He scored it in a 3-0 win against Portsmouth on 1 November 2003. Ronaldo won his first trophy in England, the 2003-04 FA Cup, in May 2004, when Manchester United beat Millwall 3-0. Ronaldo scored the first goal of the match.

Ronaldo scored his first UEFA Champions League goals in a 7-1 victory against Roma in April 2007. He scored two goals that day in what was his 30th Champions League match. He played the FA Cup Final that year, but United lost 1-0 to Chelsea. Even though he lost the FA Cup final, he didn't end the season without a title, because he won his first Premier League title.

In the 2007-08 season, Ronaldo scored his first and only hat-trick for Manchester United in a 6–0 win against Newcastle United on 12 January 2008. In the 2008 Champions League final against Chelsea, he scored a header as the match ended 1-1 after extra time. Although he missed his penalty, Manchester United won the shootout 6-5 and Ronaldo won his first UEFA Champions League. On 15 November 2008, Ronaldo scored his 100th goal for United in a 5-0 win against Stoke City. He also scored two free-kicks: the first one was his 100th goal. He scored a total of 42 goals and won the European Golden Boot, an award given to the top scorer of every European national league.

He won the first FIFA Puskas Award in 2009. The Puskas Award is given to whoever scores the best goal of that year. The goal was a 40-yard strike into the top-left corner against FC Porto on 15 April 2009 in the Champions League quarter finals. That goal was the only goal of the game. It was also an important goal because it sent United to the semi-finals. In the semi-final against Arsenal, Ronaldo scored two goals. One of them was a free kick from 40 yards out. His goals helped Man United qualify to the final, where they lost to Barcelona 2-0.

Ronaldo joined Real Madrid on 1 July 2009 for a fee of €94 million. That was a world record transfer fee at the time. He also signed a six-year contract with the club. At his presentation as a Real Madrid player, 80,000 people greeted him at the Santiago Bernabéu Stadium. This is the world record, breaking the 25-year record of 75,000 people at Diego Maradona's presentation for Napoli. He wore the number 9 in his first season because number 7 was taken by Raúl González. Ronaldo had to wait until Raul left the club in the summer of 2010 to wear number 7. He made his debut (first appearance) on 29 August 2009, in a La Liga game against Deportivo de La Coruña. He scored a goal and Real Madrid won 3-2. On 23 October 2010, Ronaldo scored 4 goals in a match for the first time in his career during a 6-1 win against Racing de Santander. Ronaldo scored a header in extra time in the 2011 Copa del Rey final against rivals Barcelona. His goal was the match winner, so that was Ronaldo's first trophy in Spain. At the end of the 2010-11 season, he became the first player to score 40 goals in La Liga.

On 2 November 2011, Ronaldo scored both goals in a 2-0 Champions League group stage win against Olympique Lyon. The second goal was his 100th goal for Real Madrid. He achieved this in just 105 matches. He scored his 100th La Liga goal for his club in just 92 appearances in a 5-1 win against Real Sociedad on 24 March 2012.

Ronaldo began the 2012-13 season by winning the 2012 Supercopa de España. He scored in both legs, as Real Madrid won against Barca. In October 2012, he scored his first hat-trick in the Champions League in a 4-1 win against Ajax. On 6 January 2013, Ronaldo captained his club for the first time. In May 2013, he scored his 200th goal for Real Madrid in a 6-2 win against Málaga. He finished as the Champions League top scorer that season. Ronaldo also won his second Ballon d'Or in 2013.

In the 2013-14 season, Ronaldo broke the record for most goals in one Champions League season by scoring his 17th goal with a penalty in extra time in the final against Atlético Madrid that Real Madrid won 4–1. The previous record was 14 goals, set by Messi in the 2011-12 season.

In the 2014-15 season, Ronaldo set a new personal record by scoring 61 goals in all competitions. This achievement helped him win his third Ballon d'Or. He scored five goals in one match for the first time in his career in a 9-1 win vs. Granada on 5 April 2015. He became Real Madrid's all-time top scorer when he scored 5 goals against RCD Espanyol in a 6-0 away win on 12 September 2015. This brought his total goal tally to 230 goals in 203 games. The previous record holder was Raul.

On 18 April 2017, he became the first player to reach 100 goals in the UEFA Champions League, after he scored a hat-trick in a 4-2 extra-time win against Bayern Munich. On 18 March 2018, Ronaldo reached his 50th career hat-trick in a 6-3 win against Girona. Ronaldo scored an amazing bicycle-kick in a UEFA Champions League match against Juventus on 3 April 2018. He got a standing ovation, or round of applause, from the Juventus fans after scoring that goal. Real Madrid went on to play the final against Liverpool F.C.. Real Madrid became champions, so that was Ronaldo's 5th Champions League.

On 10 July 2018, He joined Juventus of Italy and signed a 4 year contract worth 112 Million Euros. The transfer was the highest paid for a player over 30 years old. People called it "the deal of the century".

He scored his first goals for the club on 16 September against US Sassuolo. Juventus won 2-1 at home. Three days later, on 19 September, he was controversially sent off against Valencia C.F. for "violent behavior". He was crying as he received the red card and said he "did nothing". Ronaldo won his first trophy with the club, the 2018 Supercoppa Italiana, in January 2019. In the match, he scored the only goal from a header against AC Milan.

On 31 August 2021, Ronaldo returned to Manchester United and the Premier League, where in the 2021-2022 season, scored 18 goals in the premier league.

On 30 December 2022, Ronaldo signed for Saudi Arabian club Al-Nassr on a 2-year deal worth 200 million euros a year.

Ronaldo began his international career with the Portugal under-15's in 2001. In 2002, he played the U-17 Euro with Portugal's U-17. In June 2003, Ronaldo won the Toulon Tournament with the Portugal U-20. He played with the U21's in 2003 as well during the 2004 U-21 Euro qualification stages. He also played with the Portugal under-23 team at the 2004 Summer Olympics, where he scored one goal against Morocco.

He kept progressing through the youth national teams until he played his first senior game for Portugal when he was 18 on 20 August 2003 against Kazakhstan. He scored his first goal for Portugal in a game against Greece at the UEFA Euro 2004.

Ronaldo was selected to play at the 2006 FIFA World Cup, which was also his first World Cup. During the tournament, he scored a goal against Iran. That goal was also his first World Cup goal. In the match against England, Ronaldo's teammate at Manchester United, Wayne Rooney, was sent off. Ronaldo went up to the referee and appeared to ask the ref to give a red card to Rooney. Rooney pushed Ronaldo as he was talking to the ref. After Rooney left the pitch, Ronaldo was caught on camera winking at the Portugal bench. Even though the referee said Rooney would've gotten the red card if Ronaldo complained or not, these actions caused a lot of fans to hate Ronaldo because they believed he influenced the referee's decision.

Ronaldo became captain of Portugal for the first time in a friendly game against Brazil on 6 February 2007. At Euro 2008, he scored one goal against Czech Republic. Portugal were eliminated in the quarter-finals by barely losing to Germany 3-2. In the 2010 World Cup, Ronaldo only scored one goal in a 7-0 win against North Korea, but was the man of the match in all of Portugal's 3 group stage games. Portugal were eliminated in the round of 16 by Spain 1-0, and Spain went on to win the World Cup.

His first international hat-trick came in a 4-2 win against Northern Ireland on 6 September 2013. In that match, he scored 3 goals in 15 minutes. He became Portugal's all time top scorer when he scored twice against Cameroon in March 2014, with Portugal winning 5-1. At the 2014 World Cup, Ronaldo scored a goal against Ghana, and assisted a last minute equalizer in a 2-2 draw against the United States. In a 3-3 draw against Hungary in Euro 2016, Ronaldo scored a back heel goal. This goal made him the first player to score in four Euros. Although he had to leave the game early because he got injured in the UEFA Euro 2016 Final, Portugal still won 1-0 in extra time because of a goal from Eder.

In the 2018 World Cup held in Russia, Ronaldo scored 4 goals. In Portugal's first group game, he scored a hat trick against Spain in a 3-3 draw. After that he scored the winning goal against Morocco. In the last group game, he missed a penalty in a 1-1 draw against Iran. Portugal qualified to the knockout stages by finishing second in the group. They were eliminated by Uruguay 2-1. Ronaldo became one of only four players to score at 4 World Cups. He has played at 4 of them: 2006, 2010, 2014, and 2018.

In June 2019, Ronaldo won the UEFA Nations League with Portugal to give him his second international title. In the final, Portugal beat The Netherlands 1-0.

Ronaldo is able to play on both wings and also as a striker since he is very strong with both feet, even though he is naturally right footed. He is also one of the world's fastest players. He has good heading ability because he is over 6 feet tall and jumps high. He is also known for his powerful "knuckleball" free kicks. The "knuckleball" technique is when the ball spins very little and creates an unpredictable motion. He combines this with his powerful shot, making it hard for goalkeepers to stop his shots. Ronaldo has also been known for his dribbling, as he likes to do many tricks and feints with the ball to pass defenders, such as the step-over. When he was at Manchester United, he would play as a winger and try to send crosses into the middle. At Real Madrid, he changed his playing style by moving more towards the middle and becoming more of a striker. He also focused more on scoring goals. When he arrived to Juventus, he stayed with this playing style of being a goal scorer and target man, although he dribbled with the ball more because he sometimes liked to play his traditional winger position and go one-on-one with defenders. He also sent crosses more frequently than he did in his last few seasons at Real Madrid.

Ronaldo has been criticized for "diving" by many people, including his Manchester United manager Alex Ferguson. He has also been criticized for being arrogant, such as complaining for not receiving set-pieces (free-kicks and penalties) when he gets fouled, having too much self-confidence, not celebrating with teammates after scoring goals, and getting excessively angry with others after losing. Examples of this are when he threw a reporter's microphone into a lake before a UEFA Euro 2016 match, and negative comments made at the Iceland national team after playing against them.

Ronaldo's father, José Aveiro, died of liver disease at age 52 in September 2005. Ronaldo was 20 years old at the time. Ronaldo said that he does not like to drink alcohol, mostly because of his dad's death, but has on some very few occasions.

In 2006, Ronaldo opened his first fashion boutique under the name "CR7" (his initials and shirt number) on the island he was born in, Madeira. He opened a second boutique in Lisbon in 2008, and a third in 2009, located in Madrid. In December 2013, Ronaldo opened his own museum called "Museu CR7", which has all of his trophies and awards from his career.

Ronaldo became a father on 17 June 2010. He had a son, named Cristiano Jr. He was born in the United States through an American surrogate he met in a restaurant, and Ronaldo announced that he had full custody. Ronaldo has never publicly revealed information about his son's mother, but he says he will reveal it to Cristiano Jr. when he gets older. On 8 June 2017, Ronaldo confirmed on social media that he had become the father to twins, Mateo and Eva. They were born in the United States to a surrogate mother. In November 2017, his girlfriend Georgina Rodriguez gave birth to their first daughter, Alana.

Ronaldo has had many relationships. He was in a relationship with Russian model Irina Shayk from 2010–2015. In 2016, he began to date Spanish model Georgina Rodriguez. They were publicly seen for the first time at Disneyland Paris in November 2016.

Ronaldo is a Roman Catholic. He does not have tattoos because it would prevent him from donating blood. On 9 November 2015, a movie about his lifestyle and his career was released. The title of the movie is "Ronaldo".

On 29 March 2017, Madeira Airport was renamed to Cristiano Ronaldo International Airport. A bust of Ronaldo was also revealed as part of the official renaming ceremony.

He is currently the most followed Instagram user, with over 600 million followers as of 2023. He passed Selena Gomez as the most followed person in 2018, with 144 million followers.

In June 2018, Ronaldo was given a suspended jail sentence of 2 years and a fine of €18.8 million for tax evasion.

In 2017, a woman claimed she was raped by Ronaldo at a hotel in Las Vegas in June 2009. Many articles state that Ronaldo and the woman both met each other at the nightclub of the hotel. Ronaldo later invited her to his suite, and that was where the rape occurred. Ronaldo paid that woman $375,000 to stay quiet, and an agreement was made between Ronaldo's lawyers and the woman's lawyers that if she publicly shared information of what happened, she had to pay the $375,000 back. Ronaldo himself denies raping the woman and calls it "fake news". In July 2019, prosecutors said they would not charge Ronaldo because there was not enough evidence.






Oaxaca

Oaxaca is a state in Mexico. The capital is Oaxaca de Juárez. Oaxaca is next to Guerrero, Puebla, Veracruz, and Chiapas. About 3.5 million people live there. The Zapotec and the Mixtec people live in the state. There are more speakers of indigenous languages in this state than in any other state of Mexico. This Mexican state is known for its diverse culture and its native people.


Basic Law for the Federal Republic of Germany

The Basic Law of the Federal Republic of Germany is the name of Germany's constitution. It was written in 1949 when Germany was split into the countries of East Germany and West Germany. Many parts of the constitution are very different from the constitution of the Weimar Republic.

The writers decided not to call it the constitution because they hoped it would only be a temporary law for West Germany and that the two Germanys would soon be made into one.

It was more than 40 years before East Germany and West Germany became one country again, but the old name of Basic Law has been kept.

The Federal Constiutional Court (German: Bundesverfassungsgericht) protects the constitution by banning laws which break the constitution. There are "eternal clauses" in the constitution which the court will protect even by banning "constitutional amendments" (laws to change them). Article 1, about human life and dignity, and article 20's basic principles are protected from change. This is to make sure nothing like the Nazi period happens again. The Nazis were able to pass an Enabling Act which allowed Hitler to rule by decree.

Germany is a federal parliamentary democracy. To show this there are five "constitutional institutions".

The Federal President () is the head of state. It is largely ceremonial position with only a small role in daily politics. The president does not have the massive power of the president of the Weimar Republic, or the President of the United States. He is the formal head of state, and signs laws before they can enter into force and appoints federal officials, he cannot decide when to dissolve the Bundestag or name a new chancellor until a majority of the members of the parliament () vote in favour.

The Chancellor is chosen by the Bundestag. He or she is head of the executive branch, and heads the federal Cabinet.

The Judicial branch is made up of the Federal Constitutional Court and five other Supreme Courts. There are also local and regional courts which make the first decision about cases. Their decisions can be overturnned by the courts of appeal or Supreme Courts.
The Federal Constitutional Court is the most important court in Germany. Its job is to protect the Basic Law. Its decisions are like laws. The court can cancel laws if they break the Basic Law. 
The Federal Social Court is the Supreme Court of Appeal for cases about social security, pensions and health insurance

The Federal Labour Court is the Supreme Court of Appeal for cases about labour law. This includes contracts of employment, strikes and trade union agreements

The Federal Tax Court is the Supreme Court of Appeal for cases about tax and customs law

The Federal Social Court is the Supreme Court of Appeal for cases involving a government body. These may be because a person might feel they have been treated unfairly by government or because there is a dispute between two government bodies about which of them is allowed to do something.

This court is the Supreme Court of Appeal for cases all civil and criminal cases which are not heard by one of the other supreme courts

The legislative branch has two of the constitutional bodies.

Germany's upper chamber of parliament, the Bundesrat, represents the "Länder". It also shows that Germany is a federal state. Federalism is one of the "eternal clauses" of the constitution, that can never be changed..

The Bundestag is the part of the legislature chosen by election. The Chancellor must be a member of the Bundestag.

The Weimar Constitution had the Reichswehr outside of the control of the parliament or the public. The army directly reported to the president, and the president did not have to report to the parliament. 

Under the Basic Law, the Defence Forces Bundeswehr are responsible to parliament, because 

The chancellor is directly responsible to the parliament, the minister is indirectly responsible to the parliament because it can remove the government by electing a new chancellor.

The Basic Law also created a soldiers' ombudsman or "Wehrbeauftragter", reporting to parliament not to the government. Soldiers can write directly to the "Wehrbeauftragter" if they feel they have been treated unfairly or unlawfully, or if they think their commanders are acting illegally. Soldiers cannot be punished for writing to the "Wehrbeauftragter".

A number of Constitutional Court cases in the 1990s said that the Bundeswehr cannot be used by the government outside NATO territory unless the Bundestag first gives permission in a resolution. The resultion must describe where the Bundeswehr is to go, and for who long the mission will last.

The Basic Law only allows referendums about changing borders of the "Länder". There have been two referundums:



Important changes to the Basic Law were the re-introduction of conscription and the establishment of the Bundeswehr in 1956.

During reunification East Germany and West Germany decided not to write a new constitution, but to keep the old one, which had worked so well in West Germany. The constitution was amended to allow East Germany to join, and then changed again to strengthen the claim that Germany wanted no more territory. This was a promise made in the Final Settlement.




Oaxaca de Juárez

Oaxaca de Juárez is the capital city of the Mexican state of Oaxaca. It is called La'a in the Zapotec language. Ñuu Nunduva is its name in the Mixtec language. Since 1872, when Benito Juárez died there, the city is called "de Juárez", in his honour. Currently, 258,000 people live in the city.

Armadillo

A armadillo is in the Cingulata, an order of New World placental mammals. The living ones have a leathery armored shell. The word "armadillo" is Spanish for "little armored one".

There are about 10 living genera and about 20 species of armadillo. Their average length is about 75 centimeters (30 in), including the tail. The giant armadillo grows up to 100 cm (39 in) and weigh 30 kg (66lbs). All species live in the Americas. Most of the 20 species are found in open areas, such as grasslands, but some also live in forests.

Armadillos species are mostly found in South and Central America, especially around Paraguay. Many species are endangered.

The nine-banded armadillo has an unusual reproductive system, in which genetically identical quadruplets are born in each litter.

Because they are always genetically identical clones, the group of four young is a good subject for scientific, behavioural or medical tests. They provide the same biological and genetic makeup, and then get different treatment. This is the only regular case of 'polyembryony' in the class Mammalia, where one fertilised egg splits into four embryos. It only happens in the genus Dasypus, and not in all armadillos. Other animals which have this reproductive method are parasitoid wasps, certain flatworms and various aquatic invertebrates.

Order CINGULATA
† indicates extinct taxon

Niacin

Niacin is a vitamin. It is also known by the name nicotinic acid. It is Vitamin B. It can be dissolved in water. It plays a very important role in the metabolism of living cells. 

Other functions of niacin include removing toxic chemicals from the body, and helping with the production of steroid hormones made by the adrenal gland. These hormones include sex hormones and stress-related ones. 

Niacin was first discovered from the oxidation of nicotine to form nicotinic acid. When the properties of nicotinic acid were discovered, it was thought prudent to choose a name to dissociate it from nicotine, in order to avoid the perception that vitamins or niacin-rich food contain nicotine. The resulting name 'niacin' was made from nicotinic acid + vitamin. 

Niacin is also referred to as Vitamin B because it was the third of the B vitamins to be discovered. It has historically been referred to as "vitamin PP". That name was derived from the term "pellagra-preventing factor", because the disease pellagra is due to a deficiency of niacin in the diet.

The recommended daily allowance of niacin is 2–12 mg a day for children, 14 mg a day for women, 16 mg a day for men, and 18 mg a day for pregnant or breast-feeding women. 

Severe deficiency of niacin in the diet causes the disease pellagra. A mild deficiency will slow down the metabolism, causing decreased tolerance to cold. 

Dietary niacin deficiency tends to occur only in areas where people eat corn (maize), the only grain low in niacin, as a staple food, "and" that do not use lime during meal/flour production. Alkali lime releases the tryptophan from the corn in a process called nixtamalization so that it can be absorbed in the intestine, and converted to niacin.

Octagon

An octagon or 8-gon is 

All sides of a regular octagon are the same length. Each corner is 135°. All corners added together equal 1080°.

The amount of space a regular octagon takes up is

"a" is the length of one of its sides.

Another way to write it is


Registration

Registration is a method of officially recording something. Usually something is registered to claim more rights, or to protect ownership, or because the law says it must be registered to be used legally.

A register was a large book. It was used like a diary to record business dealings or other events.

Births, deaths, and marriages are registered to prove the date the event happened. In the United Kingdom these records are kept by the local registrar, who is in charge of the Register office.

Motor vehicles are registered to prove who owns the vehicle and to identify them. Those that not registered cannot be driven on roads. Aircraft not registered cannot be flown. Proof that a vehicle is registered is the vehicle registration plate. Vehicles must also be registered before they can be insured in case of an accident or theft.

Books might be registered to show the date when copyright protection starts. Usually this is done by sending a copy of the book to a special national library.
People who stay in a hotel register their names and addresses when they arrive. The hotel can work out how much the people must pay for their stay. The local police may also keep a copy of these names to help fight crime.


Eschweiler

Eschweiler is a German town in the state of North Rhine-Westphalia. It is next to the river Inde, near the German-Belgian-Dutch frontier, and about east of Aachen and west of Cologne. It has about 55,000 inhabitants. Its area has about .

In Eschweiler, there are many castles. Eschweiler is a big carnival town. There are also many sport places. These include two public swimming pools, a golf place and an artificial lake. A well-known school in Eschweiler is the "Bischöfliche Liebfrauenschule" with its over 100 years of tradition. 
Eschweiler is on the railway line from Aachen to Cologne. The Eschweiler Central railway station was opened in 1841. Next to Eschweiler, there is a village called "Bergrath". In 2010, a new shopping center with a "MediaMarkt"-store opened next to the motorway.

Tropical Storm Arlene (2005)

Tropical Storm Arlene was the first named storm of the 2005 Atlantic hurricane season. Arlene was a large storm that formed early in the year. It had maximum wind speeds of 70 mph (110 km/h). It also caused one death and created $11.8 million (2005 USD) in damage.

The storm formed near Honduras on June 8 and moved north. It came close to western Cuba on June 10 before entering the Gulf of Mexico. Arlene strengthened just below hurricane strength before making landfall on western Florida. The storm quickly weakened while moving inland, and later became an extratropical remnant on June 13.

When Tropical Storm Arlene formed on June 8, it was the ninth time that the name has been used to name a storm in the Atlantic. This meant Arlene kept its position as the most commonly used name for Atlantic storms. But because the storm did not cause any major damages, its name was not retired by the World Meteorological Organization and will be on the list of names for the 2011 season.



Sirenia

Sirenia is an order of herbivorous mammals. In this order are the dugong and three species of manatee.


Keihan Main Line

The Keihan Main Line (京阪本線, "-honsen") is a railway line of Keihan Electric Railway. The line starts from Sanjo Station in Kyoto, and ends at Yodoyabashi Station in Osaka, and travels a distance of about 51 km. The line is not "the Main Line" but "the Keihan Main Line". Trains go direct to the Oto Line.


Sanjo Station (Kyoto)


Limited Express trains and K-Limited Express trains arrive at and depart from Tracks (Platforms) 1 and 3.


Sanjō Keihan Station (, "Sanjō Keihan Eki") is a subway station on Kyoto's Tozai Line. It intersects with the Keihan Electric Railway's Keihan Main Line. It is connected to the adjacent Keihan Sanjō Station. The station is underneath Sanjō-dori, just east of the Kamo River and Kyoto's Kawaramachi shopping district.

Tony Parker

William Anthony "Tony" Parker (born ) is a retired French basketball player that played for the San Antonio Spurs of the NBA. He was drafted by them in 2001. 

Parker retired from the French national team after the 2016 Rio Olympics.

Parker was born in Bruges, Belgium, and raised in France. His father, Tony Parker Sr., was also a professional basketball player.


Kawaramachi Station

Kyoto-Kawaramachi Station (河原町駅, "Kawaramachi eki") is the terminal station of the Hankyu Kyoto Line of Hankyu Railway in Kyoto, Japan. The Kawaramachi and Shijo streets cross over the underground station. Keihan Shijo Station is beyond the Kamo River.

The area around the station is one of the commercial centers of Kyoto. The real estate around the station is the most valuable in Kyoto.

The station is attached underground to department stores such as Takashimaya, which has a food market on its basement floor. The station also connects underground to Karasuma Station.

The station opened on June 17, 1963. Before the opening of Kawaramachi Station and Karasuma Station, the Hankyu Kyoto Line ended at Ōmiya Station.

Girlfriend (Avril Lavigne song)

"Girlfriend" is a song by Avril Lavigne. It was the lead single from her third album, "The Best Damn Thing" (2007). It was produced by Lukasz "Dr. Luke" Gottwald. "Girlfriend" became Lavigne's biggest hit in the United States, where it reached number one on the U.S. Hot 100, in Australia, where it was at the top of the chart, and in the United Kingdom, where it reached number two. A remix version featuring rapper Lil' Mama was released in June 2007.

"Girlfriend" was the subject of a lawsuit filed by songwriters for The Rubinoos, who alleged that the writers of the song copied The Rubinoos' single "I Wanna Be Your Boyfriend". Only one line, not even of the same tune was: "Hey, hey, you, you! I want to be your girlfriend!" Note it was "I want to" not "I wanna".

The music video became the second most viewed video of all time on YouTube, currently having over 100,000,000 views. In the 2007 MTV Video Music Awards, it is nominated for the category Monster Single of the Year.

M×0

M×0 (エム×ゼロ, Emu x Zero) is a Japanese comedy manga series by Japanese author Yasuhiro Kanō (author of "Pretty Face"). It is about a school that teaches students how to do magic and the crazy adventures of a normal boy who was admitted to the school under special circumstances. It was first serialized in "Weekly Shonen Jump" on May 1, 2006, published by Shueisha. The first volume of the series was released in Japan on November 2, 2006.

Currently, four volumes have been released:

Chip Douglas

Douglas Farthing Hatlelid, better known as Chip Douglas (b. 27 August 1942), is an American musician and songwriter. He became a producer when he worked with The Monkees on their music. He also worked with The Turtles, first as bass guitarist and arranger, then later as producer.

Henry Wood

Sir Henry Wood (3 March 1869 – 19 August 1944) was an English conductor. He is famous for having been the conductor of the Proms. He conducted the Proms for 50 years. They became known as the "Henry Wood Promenade Concerts". Today they are called the "BBC Proms".

Henry Wood was born in London. His father was an optician, but had become well known for making model trains. He sold them in his shop in Oxford Street in London. His parents liked music. They both sang and his father played the cello.

Although Henry heard a lot of music around him he did not have proper music lessons until he was already quite old. When he was 14 he learned to play the organ. He also played the piano and violin. When he was 16 he went to the Royal Academy of Music where he had lessons in piano, organ, composition and singing. He wanted to become a singing teacher, and he did in fact give singing lessons all his life. He became good at the piano so that he could accompany singers.

When he left the Royal Academy of Music he found work as a singing teacher and as a conductor of choirs and orchestras. He wrote a small book called "The Gentle Art of Singing".

In 1893 a man called Robert Newman, who was manager of the Queen's Hall, had an idea. He wanted to organize a series of concerts in which the audience could walk about and listen to music. He wanted to call them "Promenade Concerts" (the word comes from the French "se promener" = "to walk"). There were already promenade concerts in the parks in London, but those Promenade concerts were just for music that was easy to listen to. Newman wanted people to get to know good classical music. He wanted the tickets to be cheap so that people who were not rich would be able to afford to go. Newman thought that Henry Wood was a good conductor and asked him to conduct these concerts.

The first series of Promenade Concerts (or "Proms" for short) was in 1895. The programmes were much longer than they are in concerts today. There were lots of short pieces of music. Wood gradually made his audiences get used to listening to longer pieces of music. He introduced them to new music which had only recently been written. He conducted music by many British composers and European composers. People at that time were very prejudiced. They thought that only German conductors knew how to conduct German composers such as Richard Wagner. Wood showed them that he could do it too. He conducted every night during the Proms season. On Mondays he played a lot of Wagner and on Fridays he played Beethoven. He played music by European composers whose music was not yet well known in England, e.g. Sibelius, Schoenberg and many Russian composers.

Wood conducted the Proms until his death in 1944. Most of that time he was the only conductor of the Proms. Later in life he shared the conducting with other conductors such as Basil Cameron and Sir Adrian Boult. Wood had a big influence on the standard of music making in England. He made orchestral playing better, making sure that the players did not send in deputies instead of them. He made sure that the orchestral players were paid well and he allowed women to play in the orchestra.

Wood is mainly remembered for the promenade concerts, but he conducted many other groups as well. He travelled around England, conducting at music festivals. He often conducted amateur groups. He made sure that he knew the music he was conducting very well. Many conductors in the 19th century did not do this. They were more keen to show off, but Wood prepared the music carefully, marking things in his score with coloured pencils.

Wood made arrangements of other composer's music, e.g. Bach's "Toccata and Fugue in D minor" for organ. He arranged a group of songs called "Fantasia on British Sea Songs" for the 1905 centenary celebrations of the Battle of Trafalgar. These are always played at the Last Night of the Proms. 

In 1938 he conducted a jubilee concert in the Royal Albert Hall. Rachmaninov was the soloist, and Vaughan Williams wrote his "Serenade to Music" for orchestra and sixteen soloists. Wood often worked too hard and it was not good for his health. He died on 19 August 1944, just over a week after the fiftieth anniversary concert of the Proms, which he had been too ill even to listen to on the radio. 

Wood was given many honours: he was knighted by the king in 1911, he was awarded the gold medal of the Royal Philharmonic Society in 1921 and was made a Companion of Honour in 1944. At the Proms today his bust is put at the front of the Royal Albert Hall during the whole of each Prom season. At the Last Night of the Proms it is decorated by a chaplet.

Divine grace

In Christianity Divine Grace means a favour of God for humankind. God favours every person, without looking at what they did or how much they are worth. This grace of God to humans may happen in the gifts that God gives him, such as creation or salvation.

Common grace refers to blessings which God gives to everyone. Jesus said that God "sends the rain upon the just and the unjust. This idea is found in Greek philosophy. Plato spoke of God's "gifts". The Reformers listed many ways in which God gives undeserved gifts to mankind. These include life itself, food and earthly pleasures. God also restrains evil so that people will not destroy themselves in wars and conflict.

Prevenient grace (or enabling grace) is a Christian teaching in Arminian theology. It appeared earlier in Catholic and early Anabaptist teaching. It is divine grace that goes before human decision. In other words, God will start showing special love to a person at a certain time of his life.

Prevenient grace is taught by Christians who are influenced by the theology of Jacob Arminius or John Wesley. Wesleyan Arminians believe God helps people to accept the gift of salvation.

This refers to the good things that God gives to those who believe in Jesus. The gifts include forgiveness of sin, eternal life, and the power to live a good and holy life.

"Grace" is a common girl's name in many countries.

"Amazing Grace" is a song that became very popular. It is played at funerals, sometimes on a bagpipe. This song was written by John Newton who was an evil slave trader. His life was changed when he became a Christian. He later worked to stop the practice of slavery. His story is told in a 2006 movie.

Proxy server

In computer networks, a proxy server is a server (computer) which clients (people or computers) use to access other computers. A proxy server that passes information to its clients without changing it is usually called a gateway or sometimes called "tunneling proxy".

Proxy servers get their name because they act like a proxy (a stand-in) and act on behalf of a client's computer.

A client that connects to the proxy server will ask for some service, such as a file, connection, web page, or other resource, that is available on a "different" server. The proxy server then goes to the "other" server and asks for what the client wants for them.

A proxy server can change the information that it gives to the client, and if the same information is accessed many times or by many different clients it can use what is called a cache to make things faster. A cache is the term for information that has been accessed and saved for future use; if a proxy server has what the client is accessing in its cache, it will make it faster because it does not need to go and access the other server to provide what the client wants.

A proxy server can be placed anywhere in the connection between the client and the server, which could include software on the client computer itself or on any computer between.

Some proxy servers use Secure Sockets Layer to secure the connection between the client and the remote server. This security layer helps to make sure that no other computers can read or understand what the client is asking from the server.

There are many benefits of using a proxy server. First, the client machine can exchange data with the remote server without making a direct connection. This way, the client's real internet address will not be known to the remote server. This is sometimes called anonymizing because it makes the client anonymous. A second advantage is that when the proxy server itself is able to serve the request made by the client, it will not contact the remote server any more. So the load on the remote server will be reduced by using a proxy server. This type of proxy servers is called "caching servers".

Big organizations (or even countries) sometimes use proxy servers to control access to the Internet. A large bank may use a proxy server that only allows connections to other websites relevant to banking. The proxy server might block access to Websites offering free email or serving pornographic material. It might also block access to file sharing applications. Limiting access to specific content on the internet is also called "internet filtering".

A proxy server may have one or more of the functions described below:

A caching proxy server can service requests from clients, without contacting the remote server; instead, it sends the data which it has stored from a previous request. This is called caching. Caching proxy servers reduce the work load of the remote server. However, they have their own problems, especially if they are not configured well. Some problems are described in RFC 3143.

A web proxy is a proxy server that focuses on the traffic over the World Wide Web. It may be used to block offensive web content, or to control access of clients to online content. They may be used by corporations or countries. Web proxies can also be used to track how different individuals have used internet access.

An anonymizing proxy server removes identifying information from the clients' requests, for the purpose of anonymity. They may also be used to break through filtered contents on the internet.

A proxy server is called an "open proxy" if everyone can connect to it and use it. Usually, open proxies are proxy servers which are badly configured. Open proxies may be abused easily; for example, a bad user may send a corrupting request to a remote server, but hide himself behind an open proxy, so the administrators of the remote server cannot stop him. Open proxies can also be used for spamming. For this reason, some websites do not allow connections to their web servers or to edit content on them through known open proxies, including on .

A "forced proxy" server is a proxy server which handles all of the traffic from the client to the internet. The client will not know that the proxy exists, but all of the information passes through the proxy server. They are sometimes called "transparent" proxy servers, because the user does not know a proxy server is between the client and remote server.

A Transparent SMTP Proxy is a SMTP proxy server that is in between a sending mail server and a receiving mail server. The main purpose of the SMTP proxy is to filter outbound spam. The client and server believe that they are talking to each other even though there is a proxy in between.

There is a lot of software which can be used for running a proxy server. Some software can only work as a proxy server, while other software can also work as a firewall or caching server. Squid, Varnish and Microsoft Internet Security and Acceleration Server (ISA Server) are among the best known pieces of proxy server software. Some proxy software uses the SOCKS protocol. An example is the Java SOCKS Proxy Server.


Client

In net jargon (words people use about the Internet) a client is a computer used by a user to connect to a network and make requests to servers. For example, a web browser is a client software.

Cache (computing)

Caching is a term used in computer science. The idea behind a cache (pronounced "cash" ) is very simple: Very often, obtaining a result for a calculation is very time-consuming, so storing the result is generally a good idea. Two kinds of storage media are used: One is usually quite big, but accessing it is "slow"; the other one can be accessed much faster, but generally it is small. The very basic idea behind caching is to use the medium that is fast to access to have copies of data. There is no difference between the copy, and the original. Accessing the original data may take a long time, or it may be expensive to do (for example: the results of a difficult problem that take a long time to solve). For this reason, it is much "cheaper" to simply use the copy of the data from the cache. Put differently, a cache is a temporary storage area that has copies of data that is used often. When a copy of the data is in this cache, it is faster to use this copy rather than re-fetching or re-calculating the original data. This will make the average time needed to access the data shorter. Putting a new value into a cache often means that an older value needs to be replaced. There are different ideas (usually called "strategies") on how to select the value to replace. 

A buffer is very similar to a cache. It is different in that the client accessing the data in a buffer knows there is a buffer; the buffer is managed by the application. With a cache, the client accessing the data need not be aware there is a cache.

Typical computer applications access data in very similar ways. Suppose the data is structured into "blocks", which can be accessed individually. When an application accesses a block it is also very likely to access (or reference) a block that is "close" to the original block. This is known as locality of reference. There are different kinds of such "locality". Locality of reference is one of the reasons why caches work well in many areas of computing. 

In order to work well, caches are small, compared to the whole amount of data. The bigger the cache, the longer it takes to lookup an entry. Bigger caches are also more expensive to build.

A cache is a block of memory for storing data which is likely used again. The CPU and hard drive often use a cache, as do web browsers and web servers. 

A cache is made up of many entries, called a "pool". Each entry holds a datum (a bit of data) which is a copy of a datum in another place. Caches usually use what is called a "backing store". Backing stores are slow or expensive to access, compared to the cache. A disk cache uses a hard disk as a backing store, for example. 
Each entry also has a little information attached, called a "tag". This tag is used to find the location where the original data is stored. 

A client (a CPU, web browser, operating system) wants to access a bit of data, it believes to be in the backing store, it first checks to see if the datum can be found in the cache. If the data can be found in the cache, the client can use it and does not need to use the main memory. This is known as a cache hit. So, for example, a web browser program might check its local cache on disk to see if it has a local copy of the contents of a web page at a particular URL. In this example, the URL is the tag, and the contents of the web page is the datum.

The other situation that can occur is that the datum with the tag cannot be found in the cache. This is known as cache miss. The datum needs to be fetched from the backing store. Usually, it is copied into the cache, so that the next time, it no longer needs to be fetched from the backing store.

The cache only has a limited size. To make room for the previously uncached entry, another cached entry may need to be deleted from the cache. Special rules are used to find the entry that should best be deleted. These rules are usually called Heuristics. Heuristics used to find the entry are called replacement policy. A very simple rule used is called "Least recently used" (or LRU). It simply takes the entry that was used the longest time ago. Other heuristics are listed at cache algorithm..

Caches can also be used for writing data; the benefit of this is that the client can continue its operation once the entry has been written to the cache; it does not have to wait until the entry is written to the backing store. 

However, the entry must be written to the backing store at some point in time. The timing when this happens is controlled by the write policy.

In a write-through cache, each entry is written to the backing store immediately, as well as being stored in cache. 

The other option is to only write to cache, and write to the backing store later. This is known as write-back (or write-behind) cache. The cache marks the entries that have not yet been written to the backing store; the mark that is used is often referred to as dirty flag. Before the entries are deleted from the cache, they are written to the backing store. This is known as lazy write. A miss in a write-back cache (which requires a block to be replaced by another) will often need two memory accesses: one to get the needed datum, and another to write replaced data from the cache to the store.

The caching policy may also say that a certain datum must be written to cache. The client may have made many changes to the datum in the cache. After it is done, it may explicitly tell the cache to write back the datum. 

No-write allocation is a cache policy where only reads are cached. This avoids the need for write-back or write-through caching. Writes are done to the backing store all the time. 

The client is not the application that changes data in the backing store. If the data changed in the backing store, the copy in the cache will be out of date, or "stale". Alternatively, when the client updates the data in the cache, copies of that data in other caches will become stale. There are special communication protocols that allow cache managers to talk to each other to keep the data meaningful. These are known as coherency protocols.

A cache is small, and it will be full, or almost full, most of the time. So when a new value is added, an old one needs to be removed. There are different ways in which this selection can be done:

The word "cache" was first used in computing in 1967, when a scientific article was prepared to be published in IBM Systems Journal. The article was about a new improvement of the memory in Model 85. Model 85 was a computer of the IBM System/360 product line. The editor of the Journal wanted a better word for "high-speed buffer", used in the article. He got no input, and suggested "cache", from the French "cacher", meaning "to hide". The article was published in early 1968, and the authors were honored by IBM. Their work was widely welcomed and improved."Cache" soon became standard usage in computer literature.

Small memories on or close to the CPU chip can be made faster than the much larger main memory. Most CPUs since the 1980s have used one or more caches. Modern general-purpose CPUs inside personal computers may have as many as half a dozen. Each cache may be specialised to a different part of the task of executing programs.

CPU caches are generally managed entirely by hardware, other caches are managed by a different kinds of software. The operating system usually manages a "page cache" in main memory. Users outside computer science usually call this cache virtual memory. It is managed by the kernel of the operating system. 

Modern hard drives have disk buffers. These are sometimes called "disk cache", but this is wrong. The main function of these buffers is to order disk writes, and to manage reads. Repeated cache hits are rare, because the buffer is very small compared to the size of the hard drive. 

Local hard disks are fast compared to other storage devices, such as remote servers, local tape drives, or optical jukeboxes. Using local hard disks as caches is the main concept of hierarchical storage management.

Web browsers and web proxy servers use caches to store previous responses from web servers, such as web pages. Web caches reduce the amount of information that needs to be transmitted over the network. Information previously stored in the cache can often be re-used. This reduces bandwidth and processing requirements of the web server, and helps to improve responsiveness for users of the web.

Modern web browsers use a built-in web cache, but some internet service providers or organizations also use a caching proxy server. This is a web cache that is shared between all users of that network.

Search engines also often make web pages they have indexed available from their cache. For example, Google provides a "Cached" link next to each search result. This is useful when web pages are temporarily inaccessible from a web server.

Write-through operation is common in unreliable networks (like an Ethernet LAN). The protocol used to make sure the data in the write cache makes sense when several write caches are used is very complex, in such a case.

For instance, web page caches and client-side network file system caches (like those in NFS or SMB) are typically read-only or write-through to keep the network protocol simple and reliable.

Buffer and cache are not mutually exclusive; they are also often used together. The reason why they are used is different, though. A buffer is a location in memory that is traditionally used because CPU instructions cannot directly address data stored in peripheral devices. Computer memory is used as an intermediate store. 

Additionally such a buffer may be feasible when a large block of data is assembled or disassembled (as required by a storage device), or when data may be delivered in a different order than that in which it is produced. Also a whole buffer of data is usually transferred sequentially (for example to hard disk), so buffering itself sometimes increases transfer performance. These benefits are present even if the buffered data are written to the buffer once and read from the buffer once.

A cache also increases transfer performance. A part of the increase similarly comes from the possibility that multiple small transfers will combine into one large block. But the main performance gain occurs because there is a good chance that the same datum will be read from cache several times, or that written data will soon be read. The only purpose of Caches is to reduce accesses to the underlying slower storage. Cache is also usually an abstraction layer that is designed to be invisible from the perspective of neighboring layers. That way, the applications or clients may not be aware that there is a cache.

Curlie

The Open Directory Project (ODP), also known as dmoz, is an online directory that lists good web sites based on their subject. Web sites are listed in categories on this project. Each category is linked to relevant categories; the categories have a tree-like structure too.


Web directory

A Web directory is a website. It is like a directory, or a phone book. It lists other websites, that are put into different categories.


File sharing

File sharing is the practice of making files available for other users to download over the Internet and smaller networks. Usually file sharing follows the "peer-to-peer" (P2P) model, where the files are stored on personal computers of the users. In this model, most people who are sharing files are also downloading files that other users share.


Ammonium sulfide

Ammonium sulfide, which is also known as the "stink bomb" is made up of a solution of ammonium sulfide in water, sealed inside a glass ampoule (a small bottle-like container used to store a liquid securely). When the ampoule is broken, ammonia and hydrogen sulfide gases are released from the solution. These chemicals have a very strong and bad smell.

Metre per second

Metre per second is an SI unit of measurement of both speed and velocity. It is defined by the distance in metres divided by the time in seconds. Its abbreviation is m/s or m·s. In astronomy, the unit is sometimes used in "kilometres per second" (equivalent to 1000 metres per second).

1 metre per second is equivalent to:

1 foot per second = 0.3048 m·s (exactly)

1 mile per hour ≈ 0.4470 m·s (approximately)

1 km·h ≈ 0.2778 m·s (approximately)

1 kilometre per second is equivalent to:

Hydroxide

Hydroxide in chemistry is a name given to the diatomic anion OH, made up of oxygen and hydrogen atoms. Most chemical compounds that contain hydroxides are bases.

An Arrhenius base is a substance that when dissolved in an aqueous solution, it produces hydroxide ions. Therefore, hydroxide ions are heavily involved in acid-base reactions.

Many useful chemical reactions or processes involve hydroxide or hydroxide ions. Sodium hydroxide is used in industry as a strong base, potassium hydroxide is used in agriculture, and iron hydroxide minerals such as goethite and limonite have been used as iron ore. The aluminium ore bauxite is made mainly out of aluminium hydroxides.

Most inorganic hydroxide salts do not dissolve in water.

Many useful chemicals and chemical processes involve hydroxides or hydroxide ions. Sodium hydroxide is used in factories as an alkali, potassium hydroxide is used in farming, and iron hydroxide has been used as low grade brown iron ore.


Cyclone

In meteorology, a cyclone refers to any low pressure area with winds spiraling inwards. Cyclones rotate clockwise in the Southern Hemisphere and anti-clockwise in the Northern Hemisphere. A cyclone is the general term for a variety of low pressure system types, such as tropical cyclones, extra tropical cyclones and tornadoes.

The largest of these systems are extratropical cyclones and cold-core polar cyclones which lie on the synoptic scale with a horizontal length of 1000 km or more. The warm-core cyclones are the tropical cyclones, mesocyclones, and the polar lows that lie within the smaller mesoscale. Subtropical cyclones are intermediate in size. Cyclones have also been on other planets outside of Earth, such as the Great Red Spot of Jupiter and the Great Black Spot of Neptune.

Cyclones are also referred to as hurricanes and typhoons. They consist of the eye, eyewall and rainbands.

The process of cyclone formation and intensification is described as Cyclogenesis. The formation of Extratropical cyclones comes as waves in large regions of enhanced midlatitude temperature contrasts which are called baroclinic zones. These zones contract to form weather fronts as the circulation of the cyclone closes and gets more intense. Later in their life cycle, cyclones form what is called an occluded front. The cyclone's track is then guided over the course of an 2 to 6 day life cycle by its steering flow of the polar or subtropical jetstream. Cyclones destroy many things when they come into contact with land such as crops, buildings, trees, etc.

Eye (cyclone)

The eye is an area of calm weather in the center of strong tropical cyclones. The cyclone's lowest barometric pressure occurs in the eye. It is usually circular and ranges between 30 and 65 km (20 to 40 mi) in diameter, though smaller and larger eyes can occur. 

In case of a cyclone it is the place where all the winds coming inside in a spiral motion converge. In an anticyclone it is the part from where all winds move out from.

The region surrounding the eye is the eyewall, where the worst weather is seen in a cyclone. These have strong winds, lots of rain and lots of cloud. There are also outer bands, which surround the cyclone, which forms the greatest part of the storm. These have winds so strong they can even form other tornadoes.

Glasgow Coma Scale

Glasgow Coma Scale or GCS is a scale that is used to measure the consciousness of a person. It was invented in 1974 by "Graham Teasdale" and "Bryan J. Jennett", professors of neurosurgery at the University of Glasgow.

GCS is used in evaluation of patients, especially in ICUs. This scale consists of three tests, which are described below. A score is given for each test, and the GCS score is calculated by adding the scores given to each test. The maximum score is 15, which means the patient is fully conscious. The minimum score is 3, and is usually seen in patients with brain death or those in deep coma.

The scale comprises three tests: eye, verbal (talking) and motor (movement) responses.

There are 4 grades for this test:

There are 5 grades for this test:

There are 6 grades for this test:


House of Habsburg

The House of Habsburg was a family of dukes, kings, and monarchs that was very important in European history. It first ruled parts of Switzerland in the 13th century and then ruled Austria, later Austria-Hungary, for more than 600 years. It ruled owned Spain and the Netherlands for a while, the Holy Roman Empire from about 1280 to 1806 and the Kingdom of Sardinia until the mid-19th century. 

A treaty was made in Vienna in 1515 between the king of Poland and duke of Lithuania from the Jagiellon dynasty and Maximilian I, Holy Roman Emperor, the duke of Austria from the Habsburg family. It stated that if the Jagiellon kings of Bohemia and Hungary died without a male heir, Maximilian and his heirs would take over the territory.

The senior branch of the House of Habsburg became extinct in the 18th century, when Charles II of Spain died in 1700 and was replaced by the House of Bourbon. Charles had mental and physical handicaps, which were probably caused by inbreeding between relatives in the royal houses of Continental Europe. Marriages of close relatives had occurred for the five generations before him. He was the son of Philip IV, who married his sister's daughter.

The remaining branch went extinct in the male line in 1740 with the death of Holy Roman Emperor Charles VI and completely in 1780 with the death of his eldest daughter, Maria Theresa of Austria. It was succeeded by the Vaudemont branch of the House of Lorraine, which styled itself formally as House of Habsburg-Lorraine (German: "Habsburg-Lothringen"), but it was often referred to as simply the House of Habsburg.

The last empress was Zita of Bourbon-Parma, who died in Switzerland in 1989. She had ruled with her husband, Charles I of Austria, from 1916 to 1918.

The current head is Karl Habsburg-Lothringen.

Rhodesia

Rhodesia (, ), officially from 1970 the Republic of Rhodesia, was a republic in Southern Africa during the Cold War. It was the region that is now called Zimbabwe. The country replaced the British colony of Southern Rhodesia.

The official name of the country under British law was "Southern Rhodesia", but the government in Salisbury used the name "Rhodesia" instead. This situation dated back to October 1964, when the colony of Northern Rhodesia changed its name to Zambia following independence, so the colonial government felt that "Southern" Rhodesia should no longer be used because there was no "Northern" Rhodesia. However, Britain believed that only their government could change the colony's name and not the colony itself.

The British government adopted a policy called "no independence before majority rule", which dictated that colonies with a certain amount of white settlers would not become independent until they adopted a policy of majority rule. This had conflicted with the beliefs of the white minority Rhodesian Front, lead by Ian Smith, which believed that Rhodesia should become an independent country anyway. This continued until relations between the colony and the British government broke down in 1965.

On 11 November 1965, Smith's government issued a unilateral declaration of independence (UDI) from the United Kingdom. Many countries condemned the UDI and the United Nations Security Council placed sanctions on Rhodesia.

Rhodesia sought international recognition as a Commonwealth realm, with Queen Elizabeth II as "Queen of Rhodesia", but later severed it links to the British Crown by becoming a republic on 2 March 1970.

As early as 1960, many African nationalists began to challenge Rhodesia's minority rule policies. In 1964, tensions boiled over and the Rhodesian Bush War began. On one side, the minority rule government, led by Ian Smith, hoped to keep the whites in power. On the other side, the ZANU-PF, led by Robert Mugabe, fought for majority rule. After about 15 years of fighting, the Lancaster House Agreement was signed which allowed majority rule. This led to Zimbabwe's independence.

Westminster

Westminster is the central part of the City of Westminster, in London. It is on the north side of the River Thames. It contains the Houses of Parliament, Whitehall, Downing Street and Westminster Abbey.
Westminster is the official seat of the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom.

Akita

Akita may mean:

Ostara

Ostara is one of the eight festivals held by Wiccans every year. It is normally held at the time of the vernal equinox; that is, around 21 March in the Northern Hemisphere and 21 September in the Southern Hemisphere. At Ostara Wiccans celebrate the return of Spring.

Megalosaurus

Megalosaurus was a large meat-eating theropod dinosaur of the Middle Jurassic of Europe. It was found in 1824, and was the earliest dinosaur named. In 1827, Gideon Mantell included "Megalosaurus" in his geological survey of southeastern England. He gave the species its name, "Megalosaurus bucklandii". 

Because a complete skeleton of it has never been found, much is still unclear about its build. The first naturalists who investigated Megalosaurus thought it was a gigantic lizard of twenty metres length. In 1842 Richard Owen concluded that it was no longer than nine metres, standing on upright legs as a quadruped. 

Later it was realised that all theropods were bipedal. Today is known that the early proto-dinosaurs in the late Middle Triassic were also bipedal. Certainly "Eoraptor", from 231.4 million years ago, was bipedal. That means the dinosaurs were bipedal from the start (primatively bipedal). Only the heavier sauropods and armoured dinosaurs became quadrupedal, standing on all four legs.

Parliament of the United Kingdom

The Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland is the highest political-legislative and legislative body in the United Kingdom and British overseas territories. It alone has parliamentary sovereignty over all other political bodies. The parliament has an upper house, the House of Lords, and a lower house, the House of Commons. At its head is the monarch, King Charles III. The monarch is the third part of Parliament. The British people choose the people in the lower house (members of parliament) in elections.

The development of parliament started with the councils of bishops and earls that advised the kings and queens of the Middle Ages. In 1707, during the early modern period, the Parliament of England and the Parliament of Scotland joined to become the Parliament of Great Britain. The first Parliament of the United Kingdom came into existence in 1801, after the Irish Parliament joined with the Parliament of Great Britain. Between 1801 and 1927, the British legislature's name was the Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland. 

The Parliament of the United Kingdom is split into three separate parts, the House of Commons (the lower house), the House of Lords (the upper house) and the monarch. Most legislative power is concentrated in the House of Commons. It is made up of 650 members of parliament (MPs). These people are elected by the people of the United Kingdom to represent them in the House of Commons. The leader of the political party who commands a majority of MPs is usually made the prime minister of the United Kingdom, the head of government. The head of state is always the monarch.

The House of Commons starts most bills. Other bills start in the House of Lords. The House of Commons decides rates of taxation.

The House of Lords has the power to reject bills, except money bills (tax bills), and make the House of Commons reconsider them. If the House of Lords vetoes a bill twice or delays a "public" Bill for more than one year then the House of Commons can force the Bill through under the terms of the Parliament Acts, unless it started in the House of Lords.

The monarch (now King Charles III) is the sovereign in a constitutional monarchy and, theoretically, is the fount of all power in the United Kingdom. Bills must receive the Royal Assent before becoming Acts of Parliament and the monarch is responsible for summoning, proroguing and dissolving Parliament, normally upon the advice of the incumbent Prime Minister. It is now very rare for a monarch to object, but the sovereign still retains this prerogative for use if necessary.

Bills may start their passage in either the House of Commons or House of Lords

Pre-legislative Scrutiny: Joint committee of both houses review bill and vote on amendments that government can accept or reject. Reports are influential in later stages as rejected committee recommendations are revived to be voted on.

First Reading: No vote occurs. Bill is presented, printed, and in private members' bills, a Second Reading date is set.

Second Reading: A debate on the general principles of the bill is followed by a vote.

Committee Stage: A committee considers each clause of the bill, and may make amendments.

Report Stage: An opportunity to amend the bill. The House consider clauses to which amendments have been tabled.

Third Reading: A debate on final text as amended. In the Lords, further amendments may be tabled at this stage.

Passage: The bill is then sent to the other House which may amend it.

First Reading: "Same procedures"

Second Reading: "Same procedures"

Committee Stage: "Same procedures"

Report Stage: "Same procedures"

Third Reading: "Same procedures"

Passage: The bill is then returned to the original House.

Pre-legislative Scrutiny: To consider all amendments.

The bill is then processed for Royal Assent, if accepted, the bill becomes an Act.
In the Middle Ages and early modern period there were three kingdoms within the British Isles — England, Scotland and Ireland — and these developed separate parliaments. The 1707 Acts of Union brought England and Scotland together under the Parliament of Great Britain, and the 1800 Act of Union included Ireland under the Parliament of the United Kingdom. The parliament at Westminster in London is sometimes called the "Mother of all Parliaments"

The English Parliament has its origins in the Anglo-Saxon "". In 1066, William of Normandy brought a feudal system, where he sought the advice of a council before making laws. In 1215, this council got the Magna Carta from King John, which established that the king may not levy or collect any taxes (except the feudal taxes to which they were hitherto accustomed), save with the consent of his royal council, which slowly developed into a parliament.

In 1265, Simon de Montfort, 6th Earl of Leicester called the first elected Parliament. The Laws in Wales Acts of 1535–42 annexed Wales as a part of England and brought Welsh representatives to Parliament.

When Elizabeth I was succeeded in 1603 by the Scottish King James VI of Scotland (James I of England) the countries both came under his rule, but each kept its own Parliament.

In Scotland in the High Middle Ages the King's Council of Bishops and Earls was the beginning of the Parliament of 1235.

The Irish Parliament was founded to represent the English community in the Lordship of Ireland, but the native or Gaelic Irish were not allowed to vote or stand for office, the first known meeting being in 1264.
In 1541 Henry VIII declared the Kingdom of Ireland. The Gaelic Irish lords were now entitled to attend the Irish Parliament as equals of the majority of English descent.




Silicon dioxide

Silicon dioxide, also known as silica, is a chemical compound, the oxide of silicon. Its chemical symbol is SiO. It is known for its hardness since the 16th century. It has an important compound used in most types of glass and other hard substances such as concrete, porcelain and stoneware. It is made up of 2 oxygen atoms and 1 silicon atom.

Silicon dioxide exists in nature in a number of forms, including flint, quartz and opal. If it is breathed in as dust, it can cause silicosis and cancer, as the dust is trapped in the lungs. Besides the dangers of inhaling it in dust form, it is harmless.

Metallic hydrogen

Metallic hydrogen is an alkali metal made from hydrogen gas. This is formed when the hydrogen gas is under compression and results with the gas changing phase. It is an example of degenerate matter. The matter has a crystal structure of proton atoms, with spacing that is extremely small, smaller than a Bohr radius (which is 52.918 x 10 m). The electrons in the molecular orbital are unbounded and they behave like the conduction electrons in a metal. Metallic hydrogen is unusual as the element itself is not an alkali metal, but a diatomic gas.

Metallic hydrogen is known to exist in the cores of Jupiter and Saturn.
Jupiter has the most metallic hydrogen.
Metallic hydrogen is a dense liquid. Metallic hydrogen acts like a metal and has crazy properties.

Giovanni Domenico Cassini

Giovanni Domenico Cassini, also known as "Jean-Dominique Cassini", (June 8, 1625 – September 14, 1712) was an Italian-French astronomer, engineer and astrologer. Cassini was born in Perinaldo in the Republic of Genoa (part of Italy). 

Cassini, along with Robert Hooke discovered the Great Red Spot on Jupiter in around 1665. He also discovered the four of Saturn's moons, as well as the Cassini Division in Saturn's rings.

Christiaan Huygens

Christiaan Huygens () (April 14, 1629–July 8, 1695) was a Dutch physicist, mathematician and astronomer, born in The Hague. He was known for his idea that light was in the form of waves. He discovered Saturn's largest moon Titan in 1655. He also did detailed studies on Saturn's rings, and in 1656, he discovered that they are made up of rocks. He also studies optics and pendulum clock.

Hyperion (moon)

Hyperion is a moon of Saturn. It was discovered on September 16, 1848 by William Cranch Bond, George Phillips Bond and William Lassell. It is irregular in shape, and has a sponge-like appearance. It is the second largest irregular (i.e. not spherical) moon in the Solar System, the largest being Proteus. It was the first non-spherical moon discovered. Its rotation is chaotic, meaning its axis of rotation wobbles, unlike how the Earth and the Moon rotate, or any other moon in the Solar System.

Iapetus (moon)

Iapetus is a large moon of Saturn. It was discovered by Giovanni Domenico Cassini in 1671. 

Iapetus is unusual: one side is very bright and the other side is very dark. This is because one half of the moon is covered in ice and the other side is coated in black, dusty carbon deposits. When Cassini observed the moon, he could only see the moon on one side of Saturn. He concluded that the moon is darker on side than the other, and it was confirmed by the Voyager 1 spacecraft. Iapetus also has an equatorial ridge discovered by the Cassini-Huygens spacecraft on 31 December 2004. Iapetus has a slow rotation rate, taking 79 Earth days for a rotation. Another observation that has puzzled scientists is how it has a mountain range across its equator, giving it the shape of a walnut.

Nadezhda Mandelstam

Nadezhda Yakovlevna Mandelstam, born as "Nadezhda Yakovlevna Hazin", (31 October 1899 in Saratov - 9 December 1980 in Moscow) was a Russian writer and the wife of poet Osip Mandelstam.

She grew up in Kiev, after she studied art.

She married Osip Mandelstam in 1921, and lived in Ukraine, Saint Petersburg, Moscow, and Georgia. Osip wrote a poem about the Russian leader, called "Stalin Epigram". It angered the Russian government, and in 1934 he was arrested, and ordered to live in Cherdyn, Perm region and later to Voronezh. The government of Russia often used internal exile (sending people to live in small towns hundreds of miles from the big cities) instead of sending people to prison. Nadezhda went into exile with Osip.

Osip Mandelstam was released but arrested again in 1938. Before the government could decide where to send him he died in a camp near Vladivostok.

After this Nadezhda Mandelstam never lived in the same place for long, and she often changed jobs. She did this to hide from the NKVD (Russian Secret Police). When she was living in Kalinin the police came to arrest her her, but she had moved to a new house the day before.

She decided to spend her life collecting and publishing all of her husband's poems, and most of the poems she "learned by heart" (memorised).

After Stalin died Nadezhda Mandelstam published he book and was allowed to return to Moscow in 1958.

In 1979 she gave her archives (letters, books and photographs) to Princeton University in the United States of America. Nadezhda Mandelstam died in 1980 in Moscow, aged 81.


Andrew Carnegie

Andrew Carnegie (November 25, 1835 – August 11, 1919) was a Scottish-American businessman. He ran U.S. Steel, a major steel making corporation. When he retired, he was one of the richest men in America. He used his large amounts of money to fund charities. These charities gave money to universities. He had a hall built for himself (called Carnegie Hall), and he also built public libraries (called Carnegie Libraries).

Andrew Carnegie was very charitable in the will he created through the State of New York. In his will, he gave monetary gifts to several funds, institutions, societies, and to Pittsburgh University. He also gave gifts to his employees and family. Carnegie had given away nearly $350, 000, 000 on charities, pensions, schools, libraries, and museums. Carnegie had given all of that amount of money because after a disaster happened outside his company people thought he was a bad person. He thought by giving away all that money people would think he was good.

He died on August 11, 1919. 

Birthplace of Andrew Carnegie in Dunfermline, Scotland
Andrew Carnegie was born to Margaret Morrison Carnegie and William Carnegie in Dunfermline, Scotland, in a typical weaver's cottage with only one main room, consisting of half the ground floor, which was shared with the neighboring weaver's family. The main room served as a living room, dining room and bedroom. He was named after his paternal grandfather. In 1836, the family moved to a larger house in Edgar Street (opposite Reid's Park), following the demand for more heavy damask, from which his father benefited. He was educated at the Free School in Dunfermline, a gift to the town from the philanthropist Adam Rolland of Gask.

Carnegie's maternal uncle, Scottish political leader George Lauder, Sr., deeply influenced him as a boy by introducing him to Robert Burns' writings and historical Scottish heroes such as Robert the Bruce, William Wallace, and Rob Roy. Lauder's son, also named George Lauder, grew up with Carnegie and became his business partner. When Carnegie was 12, his father had fallen on very hard times as a handloom weaver; making matters worse, the country was in starvation. His mother helped support the family by assisting her brother and by selling potted meats at her "sweetie shop", leaving her as the primary breadwinner. Struggling to make ends meet, the Carnegies then decided to borrow money from George Lauder, Sr. and move to Allegheny, Pennsylvania, in the United States in 1848 for the prospect of a better life. Carnegie's migration to America would be his second journey outside Dunfermline – the first being an outing to Edinburgh to see Queen Victoria.

In September 1848, Carnegie arrived with his family in Allegheny. Carnegie's father struggled to sell his product on his own. Eventually, the father and son both received job offers at the same Scottish-owned cotton mill, Anchor Cotton Mills. Carnegie's first job in 1848 was as a bobbin boy, changing spools of thread in a cotton mill 12 hours a day, 6 days a week in a Pittsburgh cotton factory. His starting wage was $1.20 per week ($38 by 2021 inflation).

His father quit his position at the cotton mill soon after, returning to his loom and removing him as breadwinner once again. But Carnegie attracted the attention of John Hay, a Scottish manufacturer of bobbins, who offered him a job for $2.00 per week ($63 by 2021 inflation). In his autobiography, Carnegie writes about the hardships he had to endure with this new job.

Carnegie age 16, with younger brother Thomas, c. 1851
In 1849, Carnegie became a telegraph messenger boy in the Pittsburgh Office of the Ohio Telegraph Company, at $2.50 per week ($81 by 2021 inflation) following the recommendation of his uncle. He was a hard worker and would memorize all of the locations of Pittsburgh's businesses and the faces of important men. He made many connections this way. He also paid close attention to his work and quickly learned to distinguish the different sounds the incoming telegraph signals produced. He developed the ability to translate signals by ear, without using the paper slip, and within a year was promoted to an operator. Carnegie's education and passion for reading were given a boost by Colonel James Anderson, who opened his personal library of 400 volumes to working boys each Saturday night. Carnegie was a consistent borrower and a "self-made man" in both his economic development and his intellectual and cultural development. He was so grateful to Colonel Anderson for the use of his library that he "resolved, if ever wealth came to me, [to see to it] that other poor boys might receive opportunities similar to those for which we were indebted to the nobleman". His capacity, his willingness for hard work, his perseverance and his alertness soon brought him opportunities.

Starting in 1853, when Carnegie was around 18 years old, Thomas A. Scott of the Pennsylvania Railroad Company employed him as a secretary/telegraph operator at a salary of $4.00 per week ($130 by 2021 inflation). Carnegie accepted the job with the railroad as he saw more prospects for career growth and experience there than with the telegraph company. At age 24, Scott asked Carnegie if he could handle being superintendent of the Western Division of the Pennsylvania Railroad. On December 1, 1859, Carnegie officially became superintendent of the Western Division. Carnegie then hired his sixteen-year-old brother, Tom, to be his personal secretary and telegraph operator. Not only did Carnegie hire his brother, but he also hired his cousin, Maria Hogan, who became the first female telegraph operator in the country. As superintendent Carnegie made a salary of fifteen hundred dollars a year ($45,000 by 2021 inflation). His employment by the Pennsylvania Railroad Company would be vital to his later success. The railroads were the first big businesses in America, and the Pennsylvania was one of the largest of them all. Carnegie learned much about management and cost control during these years, and from Scott in particular.


German Bundesrat

The German Bundesrat (commonly referred to as "Bundesrat") is part of the parliament of Germany.

The cabinets of the 16 states of Germany appoint the delegations that represent them in the Bundesrat. They can remove them at any time. Normally, a state delegation is headed by the head of government. The delegation is made up of members of the state government.

Thirteen of the states of Germany (in German: "Bundesländer") have a Minister-Präsident (Prime Minister), the other 3 are city-states which have a Mayor. These prime ministers or mayors each act as chairman of the Bundesrat for one year at a time.

Germany does not have a vice president. Instead if the Bundespräsident (Federal President) cannot do his job the President of the Bundesrat can act in his place if necessary.
Although it is a part of the German Parliament, the Bundesrat does not meet in the same building as the Bundestag. Instead new offices and a modern meeting chamber were built inside the old Prussian House of Lords building.

There are 58 members of the Bundesrat. How many delegates a "land" (state) has depends on its population. The smallest state, Bremen, has three members. North Rhine-Westphalia is the "most populous" (has the most people) "land". It sends six members to the Bundesrat.

The Bundesrat decides most things by "absolute majority" (at least half of the number of members). That is 35 votes. Some important decisions need two-thirds of all of the possible votes. That is 46 votes.

Each "land" votes as a block. This means that Berlin, for example, can only cast four yes votes or four no votes. Its delegates cannot choose to vote in different ways. If a "land" decided to send only one person to the Bundesrat, that person would still have all of the "land's" votes. Usually the Minister President casts all of his "land's" votes, even if the other members are there.

If a "land" has a "coalition government" (that is, a government of two or more political parties) then all parties must agree how to vote in the Bundesrat. In 2002 Brandenburg did not agree how to vote about the Immigration bill. The Federal Constitutional Court said that the bill was not law because Brandenburg's vote could not be included in the total. This meant that the bill did not get a majority in the Bundesrat.

Situation as of December 2017.
The Minister-President's party is the biggest party of a state's government, and often also the biggest party in a state's parliament.
All of the votes of a state must be cast as a block. If the parties in a coalition do not agree how to vote then the Bundesrat can ignore that state's vote.



Minister-president

A minister-president (German: "Ministerpräsident") is the head of government in a number of European countries or subnational governments, who presides over the council of ministers. The title is similar to Prime Minister, First Minister, and President of the Council.

The German word means "president of the ministers"; "Ministers' President" would be a more accurate translation. 

This person is the equivalent of a state premier in Australia, a provincial premier in Canada, or the Governor of a state in the USA.

Each year one of the ministers-president, or one of the senior Mayors of the city states of Berlin, Hamburg and Bremen, is the President of the Bundesrat. Because Germany does not have a vice president, The President of the Bundesrat will act as the Federal President if the Federal President dies or is out of the country.

Edward Rendell

Edward Gene "Ed" Rendell (born January 5, 1944) is an American politician. He is a member of the Democratic Party. He became governor of Pennsylvania in 2002. He was governor from January 21, 2003 until January 18, 2011.

Rendell was born in New York City to Jewish American parents Jesse T. Rendell and Emma Sloat. He went to the University of Pennsylvania in 1961 and received a Bachelor of Arts degree and later got a Juris Doctor from Villanova Law School in 1968. He was a 2nd Lieutenant in the U.S. Army Reserve from 1968 to 1974.

Jacques de Morgan

Jacques de Morgan (1857-1924) was a French civil engineer, geologist and archaeologist. He was the head of Antiquities in Egypt in the 19th century. He excavated in Memphis and Dashur, providing many drawings of many Egyptian pyramids.



Struthiomimus

Struthiomimus was a long-legged, ostrich-like dinosaur of the ornithomimid family. 
It lived in what is now Alberta, Canada, during the Upper Cretaceous, about 75 to 65 million years ago.

"Struthiomimus" is known from several skeletons and skulls.

It differed from "Ornithomimus" only in proportions and details. It had a typical build and skeletal structure for an ornithomimid. Its size was about long and tall at the hips, with a weight of about . 

As with other ornithomimids, it had a small slender head on a long neck. The neck was about 40% of the length of the body in front of the hips. Its eyes were large and its jaws were toothless. Its vertebral column had ten neck vertebrae, thirteen back vertebrae, six hip vertebrae, and about thirty-five tail vertebrae. The tail was stiff and was probably used for balance. It ground food up in its gizzard, and may have been herbivorous or omnivorous. The animals were quite common, which suggests they were herbivores or omnivores, rather than pure carnivores.

Prehistoric Armenia

The prehistory of Armenia means the first people in the land of Armenia.

The first excavations in Armenia, were by Russian in 1876, brought to light a burial-ground near Dilijan in which were prehistoric (before history) graves. Jacques de Morgan in 1887-89 dug up 576 graves around Alaverdi and Akhatala, on the Tiflis-Alexandropol railway line.


Royal Albert Hall

The Albert Hall (official name: Royal Albert Hall of Arts and Sciences), is a large building in the City of Westminster, London. It was opened in 1871, by Queen Victoria. The hall is dedicated to her husband, Albert, Prince Consort, who had died ten years earlier. It is an auditorium where events are held.

The Albert Hall is one of the most famous buildings in the world. Events like concerts for classical music or pop music, ballet, even tennis or boxing matches, or large ceremonies or parties or conferences. In the summer the BBC Proms take place there every day. The Royal Albert Hall has been holding concerts since 1941.

In the early 19th century the whole area was still countryside. In 1851, there was a Great Exhibition in Hyde Park, just next to Kensington Park opposite where the RAH now stands. The exhibition building, called Crystal Palace, was a glass building which was just there for the exhibition. Prince Albert had the idea that public buildings should be built in the area for the arts and sciences. Some huge museums were built, including the Science Museum, Natural History Museum, Victoria and Albert Museum etc. When Prince Albert died in 1861 this plan had only just got started. The Royal Albert Hall was built and named after him. Queen Victoria laid the first stone.

The Royal Albert Hall is very large. As many as 9,000 people used to get in, but now the safety rules make about 5,500 the usual number. It is round, like an Ancient Greek or Roman amphitheatre. This is why the floor area is called the “arena” (as in an amphitheatre). There is a very large glass and wrought-iron dome. It is 41m high. Round the outside, a little lower than the roof, there is a big mosaic frieze with pictures of "The Triumph of Arts and Sciences" and some writing in terracotta letters. It says that the first stone was laid by Her Majesty Queen Victoria on 20 May 1867 and was opened by her on 29 March 1871. It also has some words from the Bible. When Queen Victoria opened the building she was so emotional that she could not speak. Her son Edward, the Prince of Wales had to say her words for her. He said: "The Queen declares this Hall is now open".

The hall has been used for lots of important events ever since 1871. Many of the seats are still owned by members of a Corporation which was called “the Corporation of the Hall of Arts and Sciences”. This group had been formed in 1866 as a charity to get money to build the hall. Its members still have a right to occupy 1,300 of the 5,200 seats.

There was a problem with the sound because there was too much echo. It was not until 1969 that something was done about it. Big fibreglass dishes were hung from the ceiling. People who go to the RAH today call them “mushrooms” or sometimes “flying saucers”. They make music sound much better.

There is a very large organ at the front of the hall. It was built by an organ maker called Henry Willis and was later rebuilt by Harrison & Harrison and most recently by Mander Organs; It is the biggest organ in the British Isles with 9,997 pipes.

The Promenade Concerts which were started by Henry Wood in 1895 have taken place in the RAH ever since 1941 when the Queen's Hall was destroyed by bombs in World War II. For two months there is at least one concert every day, and people can be seen queuing for standing tickets all the way down the steps towards Prince Consort Road.

People who go to the proms today can choose between standing in the arena (the flat area downstairs), or sitting in the stalls (the seats around the side of the arena), or sitting in the Loggia Boxes, Second Tier Boxes, Circle (upstairs), Choir (where the choir sit if there is one, i.e. behind the orchestra) or standing in the gallery (at the very top). For some events such as tennis matches or ballets or operas the action takes place in the arena, so audience do not sit or stand there.

During the last few years a lot of money has been spent on improving the Royal Albert Hall. The 1,800 seats in the balcony (now called the “Circle”) were very uncomfortable, so new seats were put in which are slightly bigger. The south entrance has been made into the main entrance (as it was years ago), with a porch to match the north entrance. The area south of the hall has been blocked off to traffic and pedestrianised. Dressing rooms (where artists change) are now on stage level instead of down in a basement. There is an underground car park and loading area so that lorries bringing things do not need to unload in the street and get in the way of the people. Lots of other improvements have been made, including better ventilation.



Home run

A home run, abbreviated HR, is a term in baseball for when the batter hits the ball and touches all the bases without an error being made by the team on defense. The most common way for a batter to hit a home run is to hit the ball over the outfield fence in fair territory. If the ball goes over the outfield fence but it is ruled a "foul ball", it does not count as a home run. Another way for a batter to hit a home run is to hit what is called an "inside-the-park" home run. If the batter touches all four bases after he hits the ball and it stays on the field, he scores a home run. This is an inside-the-park home run as long as no error is committed by the fielding team on the play.

In the early days of Major League Baseball, a home run was not awarded to a ball hit over the fence to win the game if the winning run scored before the batter-runner were to reach home plate to score. Therefore, what would otherwise be walk-off home runs were not commonplace, and players were often robbed of home runs. Due to this, for instance, Babe Ruth is not credited with a particular walk-off home run that would bring his career total to 715.


City-state

A city-state is a city that has its own sovereignty, meaning that it is its own country. There were many important city-states in ancient Greece. Nowadays, cities may have differing degrees of self-governance. In order to be considered a city-state, a city must govern itself independently, by regulating its own taxes, or having independent representation at the United Nations.


Sorted in order of area size. 


Junior Eurovision Song Contest

The Junior Eurovision Song Contest is a song contest run by the European Broadcasting Union that started in 2003. Different child singers representing countries in Europe compete every year.

The Junior Eurovision Song Contest 2020 continued despite the COVID-19 pandemic. Only a small audience were present.


U.S. Open

U.S. Open usually means:

Other uses include:

World Cup

World Cup could mean one of these sporting events

Styracosaurus

Styracosaurus was a genus of herbivorous ceratopsian dinosaur from the Upper Cretaceous, about 76.5 to 75 million years ago.

School colors

School colors are the colors representing the school of which one goes to.

School colors are often found in pairs and rarely no more than trios, though some professional teams use up to four colors in a set. The choice of colors usually follows the rule of tincture from heraldry, but exceptions to this rule are known.

Common primary colors include orange, purple, blue, red, and green. These colors are either paired with a color representing a metal (often black, brown, gray (or silver), white, or gold), or occasionally each other, such as orange/blue, red/green, or blue/yellow. Pairing two metals, such as black/white, silver or gold, and especially black/gold, is also a common practice. Finally, some American schools, in a display of patriotism, adopt the national colors of red/white/blue.

In an effort to further establish identity and promote a standard, many institutions often decree the use of specific shades of colors. Maroon, generally regarded as a darker shade of red, is a common primary color. Various shades of blue, from powder to Prussian, are also in use; a few schools have adopted two different shades of blue for their colors, with the darker shade serving as the primary. The shade of gold can vary greatly even within an institution, from a vivid yellow to a more convincing old gold.

Black, white and gray are often used as neutral colors for sets that do not otherwise adopt them. This practice is especially notable in basketball (where home uniforms are often white) and professional baseball (where team colors are often used as trim for white or gray uniforms).

Most competitive teams keep two sets of uniforms, with one design emphasizing the primary color and the other emphasizing the secondary color. In some sports, such as football, the primary color is emphasized on home uniforms, while uniforms for other sports, notably basketball, use the secondary or a neutral color at home. This is done to avoid confusion when playing a team with similar colors.

In addition, various groups that generate support for athletic teams, including cheerleaders and marching bands, wear uniforms with the colors of their school.

At many private schools 'school colours' are awards presented for achievement in a subject or a sport - See Sporting Colours.

Maya

In Hindu culture, the name Maya is derived from the Sanskrit word "maya," which means "illusion" or "magic." In Hindu mythology, Maya is also the name of a goddess who is associated with creativity, wisdom, and knowledge. She is often depicted as a beautiful woman with four arms, holding a book, a rosary, a mirror, and a lotus flower. Maya is also the name of the mother of the Buddha in Buddhist tradition.The pronunciation of the name is [ mah-yah, -y"uh" ]. This name was ranked #55 on the US Popular Names in 2021. 

Maya might mean:


the name Maya is a beautiful and unique name of Hebrew origin. It is derived from the Hebrew word “ma’yah” which means “water”. The name is also associated with the Greek goddess Maia, who was the goddess of spring and fertility.

Hebrew calendar

The Hebrew calendar or Jewish calendar is the calendar used in Judaism. It is used to set the dates of the Jewish holidays and the weekly public reading of the Torah. It is used to set the date for a Bar Mitzvah or Bat Mitzvah, the day a young person is considered an adult in Judaism. It sets the "Yahrzeit," the anniversary of the death of a relative. The daily Jewish prayer service changes depending on the day of the Hebrew calendar.

The Hebrew calendar is a lunisolar calendar which depends on both the moon and the sun. Months of the Hebrew calendar are based on the appearance of the new moon. At the same time, the holiday of Passover must be in the spring. For this reason, years of the Hebrew calendar are based on the sun.

One solar (sun-based) year lasts about 365 days, but twelve lunar (moon-based) months only last about 354 days. For this reason, the Hebrew calendar adds an extra lunar month seven times in each cycle of 19 years. This rule makes the average Hebrew calendar year about the same length as a solar year, 365 days.

The seven-day week is used to figure out the day for Shabbat, the day of rest. The week does not depend on the solar year or lunar month. Instead, it depends on a count of seven days that is believed to go back to ancient times. The week is also an important part of the Hebrew calendar.

According to the Book of Exodus, Jews have been using a lunisolar calendar since the time they left Egypt. The first commandment the Jewish people received as a nation was the commandment to determine the New Moon. Very soon after that, the Jews received the commandment to make sure that Passover falls in the spring.

In the Tanakh (the Hebrew Bible), the months are usually numbered rather than named. (See table below.) Only four month names appear in the Tanakh from before the Babylonian Exile (see table). The month names of the modern Hebrew calendar were taken from the month names in the Babylonian calendar during the Babylonian Exile (6th century BCE).

At first, a new month began when witnesses came to the Sanhedrin (high rabbinical court) and testified that they saw the new crescent moon in the sky. The Sanhedrin also decided when an extra month should be added to the calendar to keep Passover in the spring. (See Metonic cycle.) After the destruction of the Second Temple in 70 CE, it became harder for the Sanhedrin to meet and hear witnesses. For that reason, the Sanhedrin established a fixed, rule-based form of the calendar. Maimonides fully described the modern Hebrew calendar around the year 1178 CE.

In the modern Hebrew calendar, years are counted as "Anno Mundi" (Latin for "year of the world"). This represents the traditional count of years since the creation of the world as described in Genesis. This year is "anno mundi" .

In the small Karaite Judaism community, the calendar is very similar. However, Karaites use witnesses to set the date of the new crescent moon. They still use the ripening of barley to decide whether to add an extra month to the year. For those reasons, the Karaite calendar can be slightly different from the main Jewish calendar.

In the Hebrew calendar, the meaning of "day" is taken from the Hebrew Bible: "And there was evening, and there was morning, one day". Because "evening" comes before "morning", a "day" in the Hebrew calendar starts in the evening. For many purposes, the "day" in the Hebrew calendar begins at sunset. But when it is important to make sure the previous day is completely over, the day begins at nightfall.

People who print calendars, or who write calendar programs for computers, ignore that rule. They treat the Hebrew calendar date and the Gregorian calendar date that has the same midnight as being the same day. They assume that people reading a Hebrew calendar know the sundown rule. Whenever a holiday, birthday or anniversary appears on a printed calendar, it actually begins on the day before, at sundown.

In the Hebrew calendar, every seventh day is Shabbat, the day of rest. The "week" is the cycle of counting out each set of seven days ending in Shabbat. The week is not affected by any other calendar calculation. In Hebrew, the only name for the first six days of the week is a counting name: "First day", "Second day", etc. The only day of the week with a special name is the seventh day—Shabbat. (See table above.)

The calculation of the Hebrew calendar year and month start with the "molad". "Molad" is a Hebrew word meaning "birth". The word refers to the "birth" of the new moon each month. The modern Hebrew calendar uses a calculated "molad:" the "average" length of the cycle from new moon to new moon over many years. The length of the molad is 29 days, 12 hours, 44 minutes, seconds.

A year of 12 lunar months would be 354 days long; but a Hebrew calendar year must be a solar year—about 365 days long. Also, a Hebrew calendar year must have either 12 months or 13 months. It is not allowed to have "part" of a month, so a thirteenth month is added seven times in every cycle of nineteen years. This is an adaptation of the Metonic cycle, a calendar cycle that was well known in ancient times. By convention, the Hebrew calendar adds the extra month during years 3, 6, 8, 11, 14, 17 and 19 of the cycle.

Hebrew calendar months are supposed to be lunar months. For that reason, the calculation of Rosh Hashanah, the Jewish new year, starts with the "molad" for the month of Tishrei. Starting from there, the calendar rules allow two main reasons to delay Rosh Hashanah by one or more days:

Once the dates for this year's and next year's Rosh Hashanahs are known, calculating the calendar in between is easy.

The length of a "molad" is just a little over days. Since a month must have a whole number of days, calculating the calendar starts with alternating months of 30 and 29 days. This gives an average of days and a 12-month total of 354 days. Starting from there, the month lengths are changed as follows:
(See the table of months above.)

The first day of the Hebrew calendar month, known as "Rosh Hodesh" (), is always close to the astronomical new moon. It often is not exactly on the astronomical new moon. There are two reasons for that:


"The English of these sites may not be Simple English."


Moldavia

Moldavia (, or , literally "The Country of Moldavia"; in Romanian Cyrillic: or ; ; ) is a historical region and old principality in Central and Eastern Europe. It is the territory between the Eastern Carpathians and the river Dniester. It used to be an independent state. It existed from the 14th century to 1859, when it united with Wallachia () as the beginning of modern Romania. Sometimes the regions of Bessarabia (with Budjak), all of Bukovina and Hertsa were part of Moldavia. The region of Pokuttya was also part of it for some time.

The western half of Moldavia is now part of Romania, the eastern part is in the Republic of Moldova, and the northern and southeastern parts are in Ukraine.



Smothers Brothers

The Smothers Brothers are an American folk music comedy duo, made up of real-life brothers Tom ("Tommy") and Dick Smothers. They were at their most popular during the 1960s and 1970s. Tom plays acoustic guitar and Dick plays upright bass, and both men sing. They pretend to get into arguments about the songs, and this forms much of their comedy act.

The Smothers Brothers began their career during the folk music boom in the United States, during the late 1950s and early 1960s. Their comedy got them noticed, and they began to make records and appear on television. Later they starred in their own television series, "The Smothers Brothers Show". They did not sing or perform music on this show, but instead Dick played a man whose brother (Tom) became his .

Their next series, "The Smothers Brothers Comedy Hour", was a variety show, with live performances by musical guests, and sometimes actors and comedians. The brothers hosted the program, which began in 1967. They would begin with a song in their usual style, and introduce the performers. Along with guests, the show had regular actors and writers. These included Steve Martin, Pat Paulsen, Bob Einstein, Mason Williams, Leigh French and Lorenzo Music.

Some of the guests who appeared on "The Smothers Brothers Comedy Hour" were Bette Davis, Tony Randall, Kate Smith, Eddie Albert and Eva Gabor, and Inger Stevens. Some of their musical guests were Pete Seeger, The Turtles, Janis Ian, Jefferson Airplane, Nancy Sinatra, The First Edition (with a young Kenny Rogers), Donovan, Peter, Paul and Mary, Joan Baez, Jennifer Warnes, Harry Nilsson and The Buckinghams. Glen Campbell regularly appeared on the show, and hosted a summer replacement series, "The Glen Campbell Goodtime Hour".

Sometimes the performances had controversial topics, like the Vietnam War, population and many social issues. CBS, who broadcast the show, sometimes censored it, taking parts out that a large number of people might disagree with. They warned the brothers about presenting things that might cause upset to viewers. The Smotherses and their staff, though, believed it was important to comment about such things. The issues mattered to them, and were affecting people around the United States and the world.

In 1969, CBS cancelled the show, even though they had already promised another season of shows would be made. The reason given was that David Steinberg, a comedian whose style included , had been invited back to appear even though CBS had his reappearance. The two sides went to court.

In 1973, the court decided CBS had violated (broken) their contract with the Smothers Brothers, and that the real reason they had cancelled the show was out of censorship. CBS had to pay the Smotherses for the never-made season. The reputation of the brothers, though, had suffered.

The Smothers Brothers tried to produce a new show, this time for the ABC television network, but it did not last long. Times had changed, and viewers were now interested in other shows and performers.

The brothers went back to appearing live, in small clubs and large venues, as the chances came. One night in 1974, they were appearing in the Troubadour Club in Los Angeles, California. Two members of the audience were Harry Nilsson and John Lennon, who both knew the Smothers Brothers offstage. (Tom Smothers had even appeared on Lennon's 1969 single "Give Peace A Chance", as a member of the Plastic Ono Band, while Nilsson had appeared on "The Smothers Brothers Comedy Hour".) As it turned out, Nilsson and Lennon were drunk, and began to the brothers, thinking it would help the show. It did not, and Nilsson and Lennon were finally escorted out. (They both sent flowers to the Smotherses the next day, and issued an apology.)

The Smothers Brothers remained popular with many fans, and continued to perform their act as years went by. They appeared on programs like "The Tonight Show" during the 1970s and 1980s. A television special in 1988 reunited many of the "Comedy Hour" cast members, and another short-lived series was produced. CBS aired the new programs, having long ago made peace with the Smotherses.

In later years, the Smothers Brothers appeared in Las Vegas and Branson, Missouri, still performing their familiar act. They continue to tour, more than fifty years after their careers began, often backed by local symphony orchestras.

Lorenzo Music

Lorenzo "Jerry" Music was an American actor, voice actor, writer, producer and musician. He was born Gerald David Music on May 2, 1937, in Duluth, Minnesota. He died in 2001.

Music was most famous as the voice of Carlton the Doorman in the television series "Rhoda", and as the cartoon voice of Garfield the Cat.

French people

The term French people (, [the "French"]) refers to both an ethnic group in Western Europe and the citizens of France. There are about 100 million French people in the world.

French people are a group of people who have a common French culture, history and lalnguage. French people can be found all over the world. The three countries, other than France, with the largest number of French people are the United States, Canada and Argentina. 

The term French people may also be used to describe a person who is a citizen of France. This is true no matter what their ethnicity. As long as they meet the requirements of French laws to be a citizen of France, they are French people.

Ingmar Bergman

Ernst ( in Swedish, but usually in English) (14 July 1918 – 30 July 2007) was a Swedish stage and movie director. Ingmar Bergman found bleakness and despair as well as comedy and hope in his indelible explorations of the human condition. He is regarded as one of the great masters of modern cinema.

Many filmmakers worldwide, including Americans Woody Allen and Robert Altman, the Russian director Andrei Tarkovsky and the Taiwanese director Ang Lee, have cited the work of Bergman as a major influence on their work.

Ernst Ingmar Bergman was born in Uppsala, Sweden to a Lutheran minister of Danish descent, Erik Bergman (later chaplain to the King of Sweden), and his wife, Karin ("née" Åkerblom). He grew up surrounded by religious imagery and discussion. His father was a rather conservative parish minister and strict family father: Ingmar was locked up in dark closets for infractions such as wetting the bed. "While father preached away in the pulpit and the congregation prayed, sang or listened," Ingmar writes in his biography "Laterna Magica",

He performed two five-month stretches of mandatory military service and studied Art and Literature at Stockholm University College (the later Stockholm University), but without graduating. Instead, he developed an interest in theatre and later in cinema (though he had become a "genuine movie addict" by the early 1930s). 

Although he grew up in a devout Lutheran household, Bergman stated that he lost his faith at age eight but came to terms with this fact only when making "Winter Light".

From the early sixties, Bergman lived much of his life on the island of Fårö, Gotland, Sweden, where he made a number of his movies. Bergman moved to Munich for a while following a protracted battle with the Swedish government over alleged tax evasion, and did not return to make another movie in Sweden until 1982, when he directed "Fanny and Alexander". Bergman said this would be his last movie, and that he would go on to direct theater. Since that time he did make a number of movies for television, but later retired to Fårö, stating in 2004 that he would never again leave the island.

Ingmar Bergman died at his home on Fårö, in the early morning of 30 July 2007, aged 89, the same day that another great movie director, Michelangelo Antonioni, died.

Bergman was married five times:

The first four marriages ended in divorce. The last ended when his wife Ingrid died of stomach cancer in 1995, aged 65. Aside from his marriages, Bergman had romantic relationships with actresses Harriet Andersson (1952–55), Bibi Andersson (1955–59), and Liv Ullmann (1965–70). He was the father of writer Linn Ullmann with Liv Ullmann. In all, Bergman had nine children, one of whom died before him. 

In 1971, Bergman received the Irving G. Thalberg Memorial Award at the Academy Awards ceremony. Three of his films won the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film. The list of his nominations and awards:








Baryonyx

Baryonyx was a carnivorous theropod dinosaur discovered in clay pits just south of Dorking, England, and also in northern Spain. It has been dated to the Barremian stage of the Lower Cretaceous period, between 130 to 125 million years ago.

It was first discovered in 1983 by the amateur fossil hunter William Walker. A group of scientists lead by Alan Charig and Angela Milner of the Natural History Museum of London examined the skeleton and named the animal "Baryonyx" (meaning 'heavy claw'), and the species name "walkeri" after the man who discovered it. Other good skeletons were discovered in England and in Spain, which gave scientists a good idea of what the dinosaur was like.

"Baryonyx" grew up to between long and weighed 1.2 and 1.7 t (1.3 and 1.9 short tons). It had long arms which were probably used for holding on to prey, the claw on the first finger was 31 centimeters (12 in) long. It ate mostly fish, like a grizzly bear would; for this it had a long snout like a gharial, and straight, cone-like teeth perfect for fishing. It had a triangle-shaped crest on the top of its skull.

CSU

CSU may mean:

Any of the following universities or university systems
Or:


Colorado State University

Colorado State University is a public land grant university in Fort Collins, Colorado in the United States. Colorado State University is the main university of Colorado State University System. The enrollment is approximately 33,877 students, including resident and non-resident instruction students. The university has about 1,400 faculty in eight colleges and 55 academic departments.

Heat capacity

Heat capacity is a measure of how much materials can store up heat as they change temperature.

Materials with high heat capacities require a lot of heat to be stored up before a small change. Materials with low heat capacities require very little heat to be stored up before a large change.

The heat capacity of one gram (or some other unit of mass) of a material is called the specific heat capacity of the material, so that the heat capacity of something is its mass times its specific heat capacity.

Specific heat capacities are often listed in tables, like this one: 

Pope John I

Pope John I (; circa 469-18 May 526) was the leader, pope of the early Christian community. 
Pope John the first, was born in Populonia, Tuscany Italy. He was the son of emperor Constantius.
He became the pope on Mary's Day, on 13 August 523.
It's not certain if he died directly from thirst and starvation but his imprisonment and bad inhumane treatment certainly contributed to his demise. The Pope died at 11:22PM on 18 May, 526. His name means God is gracious; the gift of God. 

He ended the Acacian Schism (484–519), thus after 25 years, bringing important reunification of the Eastern and Western churches into one, by restoring peace between the papacy and the Byzantine emperor Justin I. Pope also set the rules for the Alexandrian calendar computation of the date of Easter, which was eventually accepted throughout the West. 

Pope John the First's official day used to be on 26 May, but only for a short time, then it was moved to 27 May. His holy day was moved again at the end of the 20th century to the more appropriate day, his birthday.
His motto was: "Unity is the Key"!

Pope John I, the Martyr

Limonite

Limonite is a mineral, from which trace amounts of iron can be extracted.

Hokkaidō

, also known as Ezo and Yezo, is a volcanic island in Japan. It is the northernmost of Japan's four main islands. 

Hokkaidō Prefecture covers the entire island.

About 5,224,614 people live on the island. It is north of Honshu. It is the second largest Japanese island. It has a humid continental climate (Dfa/Dfb in the Köppen climate classification) with cold snowy winters and warm to hot summers.

Agriculture is an important part of the island's economy.

Hokkaidō region is one of Japan's traditional geographic regions.

The region covers the entire island. The island and the region have been called Hokkaidō since 1869.



Bad Godesberg

Bad Godesberg is a district of the city of Bonn in southern North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany. From 1949 till 1999 Bonn was the capital of West Germany, and the majority of foreign embassies to Germany were in Bad Godesberg. Some buildings are still used as embassy branch offices or consulates.

The town is twinned with



Consulate

A consulate is a small diplomatic office of one country in another country. If the first country has an ambassador in the other country, the main diplomatic office, located in the capital city is called an Embassy and in this situation, any consulates would be located in other large towns and cities. However if there is no embassy, the consulate could be in the capital city. Consulates usually do not perform all of the functions of an embassy.

Consulates usually deal with questions about passports for their own citizens, visas for foreigners wanting to visit the consulate's home country and licences for import and export.

Some larger and more important countries might also have Consulates General. These are simply bigger consulates which might do more than a smaller consulate.

People who work in any sort of consulates are called consular officers. The person in charge is called a consul, or consul general. An honorary consul does not work full-time for the government. They are usually in port towns, to speed up issuing documents for trade. An honorary consul might be a citizen of the country they work for, have another link such as parents or grandparents, or they may have married someone from there. They usually work in an office, which is considered an honorary consulate.

Consular officers have limited diplomatic immunity.

Diplomatic immunity

Diplomatic immunity is a special law that covers people who work in embassies or consulates. The people are called diplomats. The diplomatic immunity means that although they live and work as a visitor inside a "host country", they are not ruled by the law of that country. They are only ruled by the law of their home country. 

A diplomat can work without interference from the police and government of the country where he/she works. Diplomatic immunity means that a diplomat can keep the secrets of his own country's government, without the government of the host country being able to find out about them.

Police from the host country cannot arrest a diplomat, or search a diplomat's house or office. They cannot even give a diplomat's car a parking ticket without the permission of the diplomat's government.

Honorary consuls only work part-time as diplomats, so only have diplomatic immunity when working as diplomats. Police may search their offices, but not the part where they keep their diplomatic work.

The Illusionist

The Illusionist is an Academy Award-nominated period drama written and directed by Neil Burger and featuring Edward Norton, Jessica Biel, and Paul Giamatti. "The Illusionist" tells about the story of Eisenheim (Norton), a magician in turn-of-the-20th-century Vienna.


Menıñ Qazaqstanym

The State Anthem of the Republic of Kazakhstan, also known as "My Kazakhstan", is the current national anthem of Kazakhstan. The President of Kazakhstan made it the country's national anthem on 7 January 2006.

It is based on a song written in 1956 by Jümeken Näjımedenov, because he wanted to discourage what Nikita Khrushchev was doing to Kazakhstan three years prior. The first president of Kazakhstan, Nūrsūltan Nazarbaev, changed the original words of that song, then he turned it into the national anthem of Kazakhstan.

It replaced the previous anthem, which was used upon independence from the former Soviet Union.

This song was originally a patriotic song written in 1956 in response to the Soviet Union's Virgin Lands campaign. The author of the song was trying to tell the Soviets to stop abusing their land and people just for the USSR's sake.

There is a parody version of the anthem—in an entirely different tune—which comes at the end of 2005 mockumentary film "Borat". It is titled "O Kazakhstan". The actor who played Borat Sagdiyev, Sacha Baron Cohen, has been threatened with lawsuits by the Government of Kazakhstan after the execution (release) of the film.

In March 2012, the full "Borat" soundtrack was played at the International Shooting Grand Prix in Kuwait with Gold-winner Mariya Dmitriyenko. Kazakh officials were angered by this incident and complained. A few weeks earlier, at a festival of a ski resort in Qostanaı, the first part of Ricky Martin's single "Livin' La Vida Loca" was played accidentally before it was immediately changed to "My Kazakhstan".



BI-LO

BI-LO is the name of several different supermarket chains around the world:


Bilo is also 

Flag of convenience

Flag of convenience is a word from shipping. Every ship needs to be registered in a port. The laws of the port are valid for the ship's crew. In some countries the rules are not as strict as in others, or they are cheaper to use. Many owners of ships from other countries register their ships in one of those easy or cheap countries. The ship might never even come anywhere near that country, but it must fly the flag of the country where it was registered. This is then called a flag of convenience. Among the most popular flags are Panama, Marshall Islands and Liberia.

Pizza Pizza

Pizza Pizza Limited (PPL), doing business as Pizza Pizza (), is a franchised Canadian pizza fast food restaurant. It has locations throughout Ontario, Canada. Ingredients include pepperoni, pineapples, mushrooms, and other non-exotic produce. Pizza Pizza has served the area for over 30 years. It has over 500 locations around Ontario. It is expanding across the nation. They have recently opened shops in Montreal and British Columbia.


Dipole

Dipole can mean two things in physics. The first is an "electric dipole" which separates the positive charge from the negative charge. A simple example of this dipole is a pair of electric charges with the same magnitude but with the opposite type of charge (positive and negative) and are separated by a small distance from each other. The second is a "magnetic dipole", a closed circulation of electric current. A simple example is a single loop of wire with electric current flowing through it.

An important characteristic of dipoles is their dipole moment, which is a vector quantity with both a magnitude and direction. An example of an electric dipole moment occurring is in a pair of electric charges with opposite signs. The dipole moment would point from the negative charge towards the positive charge. The magnitude of the moment is equal to the strength of each charge multiplied by the distance separating between the charges. An example of a magnetic dipole moment occurring is in a wire loop with flowing current. The magnetic dipole moment would point through the loop (according to the right hand rule), with a magnitude equal to the current in the loop times the area of the loop.

A bar magnet is an example of a magnetic dipole, with a magnetic dipole moment moving from its south pole to its north pole.


AFI (band)

AFI (short for A Fire Inside), is an American alternative rock band from Ukiah, California that formed in 1991.






Scientific notation

Scientific notation is a way of writing numbers that is often used by scientists and mathematicians to make it easier to write large and small numbers. A number that is written in scientific notation has several properties that make it very useful to local scientists. It makes very large numbers into smaller numbers using decimals and exponents.

The basic idea of scientific notation is to express zeros as a power of ten. The notation for this can be written as :
formula_1
where "b" is an integer, or "whole" number, that describes the number of times 10 is multiplied by itself and the letter "a" any real number, called the significand or mantissa ("using "mantissa" may cause confusion as it can also refer to the fractional part of the common logarithm").

Written in the form , exponent "b" is chosen such that the absolute value of "a" remains at least one but less than ten formula_2. Normal mathematics convention dictates a minus sign to precede the first of the decimal digits of "a" for a negative number; that of "b" for a number with absolute value between 0 and 1, e.g. minus one half is . There is no need to represent zero in normalized form, the digit 0 is sufficient. The normalized form allows easy comparison of two numbers of the same sign in "a", as the exponent "b" gives the number's order of magnitude.


Socialist Unity Party of Germany

The Socialist Unity Party of Germany (German: "Sozialistische Einheitspartei Deutschlands", shortened: "SED") was the governing party of East Germany from 1949, when East Germany was created, until the elections of 1990. It was formed in 1946 a year after World War 2 ended in 1945 and after Nazi Germany was defeated and after the Nazi Party was banned.

The SED was created in April 1946 in the Berliner Admiralspalast when the Soviet Union forced the Social Democratic Party of Germany (SPD) members and the Communist Party of Germany (KPD) members who lived in the Soviet-occupied parts of Germany and Berlin. After 1990, the party reformed itself as the Party of Democratic Socialism (later in 2005, the Left Party.PDS). It is still somewhat popular in parts of the former East German territory, frequently winning seats at state and local elections. In the September 2005, Bundestag election the PDS was in coalition with WASG (Electoral Alternative for LaLabournd Social Justice), which was formed by Oskar Lafontaine who left the SPD. The PDS and WASG joined together in 2007.

A famous SED poster read: "To learn from Stalin means to learn how to win". Later, the word "Stalin" was replaced with "the USSR". When Gorbachev was president of the USSR the famous slogan was abandoned, as the SED did not believe there was anything to learn from his ideas about perestroika.

At first the SED had a branch in West Berlin, but in 1962 the West Berlin branch was separated from the SED proper and became a "separate" party called the Socialist Unity Party of West Berlin ("Sozialistische Einheitspartei Westberlins" – SEW) but with the same ideas as the parent party.

Between the fall of the Berlin Wall in November 1989 and the election in March 1990, the old Social Democratic Party was re-established as a separate party, while the rest of the SED lost a lot of members and renamed itself the Party of Democratic Socialism (PDS) at a special party meeting in December 1989. By becoming the PDS the party survived the reuniting of East Germany and West Germany, and eventually started growing again, managing to get representatives elected to the Bundestag.

On December 1, 1989 the SED was forced to give up its 40 year monopoly of power when the State Council (Volksammer) revoked the clause in the constitution of the GDR that guaranteed the SED to be the sole legal party in East Germany. Its leader and all of the politburo resigned three days later and the party was finally dissolved on December 16, 1989.

"(known as "First Secretary" from 1953 – 1976)"

These three party leaders were also the equivalent of the Prime Minister or President in other countries; they really led the government as well as the main, legally powerful party, which was not often the case in other Communist countries.

Buck the World

Buck the World is the second studio album by American rapper Young Buck. It was released on March 27, 2007. Its title is a play on the expression "Fuck the World".

Production included Dr. Dre, Jazze Pha, J.U.S.T.I.C.E. League, Polow Da Don, and Lil Jon among others. Guest appearances included 50 Cent, Chester Bennington (from Linkin Park), Young Jeezy, Bun B, Trick Daddy, and Lyfe Jennings among others.

The first single was "I Know You Want Me" produced by Jazze Pha, who also made a guest appearance on the track. The second single was "Get Buck", produced by Polow Da Don. The third single, "U Ain't Goin' Nowhere", was released on May 18, 2007.
The song 'Push Em Back' was featured in the movie Drillbit Taylor during the first day of school scene.




Samaveda

Samaveda is third in the usual order of the four Vedas, the ancient core Hindu scriptures. It is the second oldest Veda . It is written in sanskrit
There are 1825 verses (except 75 verses, all have been taken from Rigveda)
There are two Upanishads embedded in Samaveda – Chandogya Upanishad and Kena Upanishad
The Samaveda is considered as the root of the Indian classical music and dance
It is considered as the storehouse of the melodious chants
Though it has lesser verses than Rigveda, however, its texts are larger
There are three recensions of the text of the Samaveda – Kauthuma, Raṇayaniya and Jaimaniya
Samaveda is categorised into two parts – Part-I includes melodies called Gana & Part-II includes three verses book called Archika.
Samaveda Samhita is not meant to be read as a text, it is like a musical score sheet that must be heard.

Johannes Rau

Johannes Rau (16 January 1931, Wuppertal – 27 January 2006, Berlin) was a German politician of the SPD. He was the eighth President of the Federal Republic of Germany from 1 July 1999 until 30 June 2004 and minister president of North Rhine-Westphalia from 1978 to 1998.

He was born in Barmen, Wuppertal. His family was Protestant, and he was active in the Confessing Church, a part of the German Protestant Church which was against Nazism.

Rau left school in 1949 and worked as a journalist and publisher.

Rau was a member of the All-German People's Party (GVP), which was founded by Gustav Heinemann, who also became a president of Germany. This party only existed from 1952 until 1957.

In 1958 Rau and Heinemann joined the Social Democratic Party of Germany (SDP), where he was active in the Wuppertal branch. He served on the City Council (1964-1978), where he was as chairman of the SDP Group (1964-1967) and later as Mayor (1969-1970).

In 1958 Rau was elected a member of the "Landtag" (state parliament) of North Rhine-Westphalia. In 1967 he became chairman of the SPD group in the Landtag, and in 1970 Minister of Science and Education in the cabinet of Minister President Heinz Kühn. He founded five universities in North Rhine-Westphalia during the 1970s. He also started Germany's first distance learning university at Hagen (modelled on the "Open University" in Britain).

In 1978 Rau became Minister President of North Rhine-Westphalia, where he remained until 1998, winning four elections for the SPD, which became biggest party in the Landtag each time and gained an absolute majority three times, in 1980, 1985, 1990 and finally 1995. From 1995 onwards, Rau led an SPD-Greens coalition in NRW.

In 1987 Rau tried to become chancellor of Germany for the SPD, but lost to Helmut Kohl's Christian Democrats (CDU). In 1994 Rau tried for the first time to become Federal President, but lost to Roman Herzog.

Rau twice served as President of the Bundesrat in 1982/83 and 1994/95, and was deputy for the Federal President. In 1998 Rau stepped down from his positions as SPD Chairman and Minister President, and on 23 May 1999, was elected Federal President by the Federal Assembly of Germany to succeed Roman Herzog (CDU). On 1 July 2004, he was succeeded by Horst Köhler.

In 2000 Rau was the first German head of state since the Holocaust to address the Knesset, the Israeli parliament, in German. Some Israeli delegates to walked out, but Israeli President Moshe Katsav supported and praised him for bridging the gap between the two states.

Following a long history of heart disease, he died a few days after his 75th birthday.

Johannes Rau was a practising Christian. He was sometimes called , "Brother John", to make fun of his strong Christian belief; but, he sometimes used this term himself.

On 9 August 1982 he married the political scientist Christina Delius (born 1956). Christina Rau is a granddaughter of Gustav Heinemann, former President of Germany. The couple had three children: Anna Christina, born 1983, Philip Immanuel, born 1985 and Laura Helene, born 1986.

After leaving office, Rau lived with his family in the federal capital Berlin. However, they also kept a house in Wuppertal.

Johannes Rau died on 27 January 2006 in Berlin of heart disease.

Peridot

Peridot (pronounced "pair-uh-dot" or "pair-uh-doe") is the gem quality version of the mineral olivine. The name of the gemstone is believed to come from either the Arabic word "faridat" meaning "gem" or the French word "peritot" meaning "unclear." Peridot is one of the few gemstones that comes in only one color. The darkness of the green depends on how much iron there is. The color varies from yellow-green to olive to brownish green. Olivine is a very common mineral, but gem-quality peridot is rather rare. Peridot is the birthstone for the month of August.Peridot is believed to bring good health,restful sleep and peace to relations by balancing emotions and mind.

Archivist

An archivist is a professional who collects, organizes, preserves, maintains control over, and provides access to information determined to have long-term value. The information maintained by an archivist can be any form of media (photographs, video or sound recordings, letters, documents, electronic records, etc.).

As Richard Pearce-Moses wrote, 
""Archivists keep records that have enduring value as reliable memories of the past, and they help people find and understand the information they need in those records."" 

Determining what records have enduring value is not always easy. Archivists must also select records valuable enough to justify the costs of storage and preservation, plus the labor-intensive expenses of arrangement, description, and reference service. The theory and scholarly work underpinning archives practices is called archival science.



Roman Herzog

Roman Herzog (5 April 1934 – 10 January 2017) was a German politician (CDU). He was President of Germany from 1994 to 1999.

He studied law in Munich, Bavaria and took the first stage law exam in 1957. In 1958, he gained the title Dr.jur. (doctor of laws) and worked in the University of Munich until 1964, where he passed his second law exam. He wrote "Die Wesensmerkmale der Staatsorganisation in rechtlicher und entwicklungsgeschichtlicher Sicht" ("Characteristics of State Organization from a Juristic and Developmental-Historical Viewpoint"), and was given the title of professor in 1964.

In Germany "professor" is a title meaning senior teacher, not a job name. Herzog taught at the University of Munich until 1966. From 1966 he taught state law and political science as a full professor at the Free University of Berlin (FUB). In 1969 he moved to the FUB in Speyer, and was the University President from 1971 to 1972.

In 1973 he entered politics, and became a member of the Bundesrat for Rhineland-Palatinate. He was minister for culture and sports in the Baden-Württemberg Land Government from 1978. In 1980 he was elected to the State Parliament ("Landtag"), and took over the state Ministry of the Interior.

Herzog was also always active in the Protestant Church. Since 1982 he had been a member of the synod (parliament) of the Protestant Church of Germany. He had been a member of the Evangelical Church in Germany since 1972.

In 1983 he became vice president of the Federal Constitutional Court of Germany in Karlsruhe, and president over from 1987 to 1994, when he was elected President of Germany by the Bundesversammlung ("Federal Convention"). His term ended in 1999, when he was succeeded by Johannes Rau.

His wife, Christiane Herzog, died on 19 June 2000. He later married Alexandra Freifrau von Berlichingen in 2001.

Herzog died at 82 years old on 10 January 2017 in Jagsthausen, Germany.

Voltaic pile

The voltaic pile was the first ever battery. It was invented in 1800 by Alessandro Volta, an Italian physicist.

The picture to the right shows a voltaic pile: it's a pile, or "stack" of discs, made from 3 different materials. Some of the discs are made from copper, some from zinc. Other metals can be used; but it's important that there are two "different" kinds of metal. There are also discs made from leather, fabric, or cardboard: these are the green discs in the picture. They must be soaked, or "made wet", with something acidic.

Note how the discs follow a pattern: first a disc made from one of the metals, then a cardboard or leather disc, then a disc made from the other kind of metal. Then the same kinds of discs, in the same order, again and again. In the picture, you can see how one "set" of zinc disc, cardboard disc and copper disc has been "pushed" a little to the right. Such a "set" is called a "cell": the voltaic pile in the picture has 6 cells. The two different metal discs in a cell will each have a voltage across it; about 1.1 volts. Stacking cells in a pile adds to the voltage of the cells, and from the discs at the top and bottom of the voltaic pile in the picture, there is a voltage of 6 × 1.1 volts = 6.6 volts.

The acid in the leather, fabric, or cardboard discs will try to dissolve some of the metal in the zinc discs. To be dissolved, a zinc atom must give away 2 of its electrons. The zinc atom then becomes an ion: Ions can "go where they want to" in the liquid acid. They go through the leather/cardboard disc, and meet the copper disc. The zinc ions are "missing" the two electrons they left behind, so when they get to the copper disc, they each "steal" two electrons to replace the missing ones. When they "steal" electrons, the zinc ions turn back from ions to "normal" zinc atoms. Saltwater can also be used in the cardboard, fabric, or leather, in a voltaic pile using copper and zinc plates.

The result is that the zinc disc ends up with a lot of electrons "left behind" by the zinc ions, and the copper disc ends up "missing" a lot of electrons "stolen" by the zinc ions. To use the electricity that comes from the pile, we must connect something that uses electricity to the two discs at the top and bottom of the pile. Doing so gives the electrons left behind in the zinc disc a "chance" to go to the copper disc. At the copper disc, the electrons "replace" those that were "stolen" from the copper by the zinc.

Luigi Galvani was an Italian, working with anatomy. About 1786 he had seen something interesting: he had dissected (cut apart) a frog, and when he touched one of its legs with two tools made from different metals, it moved even though the frog had been killed before the dissection.

Galvani himself thought this had something to do with the leg, and not with the metal tools he used. Volta saw that the tools "must" be made from two "different" metals for the leg to move. Volta also found that he could make a little electricity just by making two different metals touch each other. He thought that the two different metals gave something he called "contact tension", and the electricity came from that contact tension. Galvani and Volta talked a lot about this, but they never agreed.

Volta tried to make use of it all. He made experiments with (and tried out) rods of different kinds of metals, in wine carafes (a kind of bottle). This way, he found that the best metals to use, are silver and zinc. He could also make it better by using flat discs instead of rods of metal. This is because the discs have more surface area than the rod; this gives more "room" for the zinc ions to leave one disc and get in touch with the other.

Originally, Volta put an extra disc of each metal at the top and bottom of the stack. These were later proved to be unnecessary.

Before the voltaic pile was invented, people could make only static electricity. With the voltaic pile, they could make electricity that keeps flowing for some time. Along with this, it was an invention that could be easily made. With this kind of electricity, scientists could do a lot of "new" things. For instance, when new kinds of metal were discovered, the electricity from a voltaic pile could "sort" chemicals. This way, small but very pure bits of these "new" metals could be made.

Arshile Gorky

Arshile Gorky (; born Vostanik Manoug Adoian, ; April 15, 1904 – July 21, 1948) was an Armenian-born American painter.

Gorky had a seminal influence on Abstract Expressionism and Surrealism. Gorky was born in the village of Khorgom, situated on the shores of Lake Van (Vana Lij). It is not known exactly when he was born: it was sometime between 1903 and 1905.In later years Arshile Gorky was vague about even the date of his birth, changing it from year to year. In 1910 his father emigrated to America to avoid the draft, leaving his family behind in the town of Van (Armenia).

Voltmeter

A voltmeter is an instrument used to measure voltage. For instance, a voltmeter can be used to see if there is more electricity left in a battery. The creation of voltmeters became possible when Hans Oersted invented the most simple voltmeter in 1819.

The voltmeter can be connected by joining two wires to where the voltage is. One wire is the positive one, and the other the negative. With some voltmeters, one "must" make sure that the wires are connected to the right spots: the positive connection on the voltmeter to the more positive "part" of the voltage source, and the negative to the more negative "part". This way, the voltmeter is parallel to the electrical circuit.

One should also be careful about handling the connection: If there is a high voltage (many volts), one can get hurt or even killed by touching the metal connections with the voltage directly.

When the connections are made, the voltmeter shows the voltage. As there is no direct way to access the voltage, voltmeters are designed as special sort of ammeter which can calculate the voltage by assessing the electrical current and applying Ohm's law.

There are two kinds of voltmeters. One kind has a needle, or "pointer", that points to a number that tells the number of volts. This is the kind of voltmeter where one has to be careful about making the positive and negative connections correctly – if the wrong connections are made, the voltmeter can be damaged.

The second kind of voltmeter shows the numbers in a "digital" way, just like digital clocks and calculators. This kind of voltmeter is not damaged from "wrong" connections; instead, they show a negative number.

Also, there are two types of voltmeters, based on the current type: some voltmeters are designed for use in direct current (DC) while others are designed for alternating current (AC). Modern voltmeters can work in both currents.

All voltmeters have an upper limit, or a "maximum number" of volts they can "handle". If a voltmeter is used for bigger voltages than it was made to "handle", it may damage or destroy it.

Because it is important to use the right kind of voltmeter, they are most often made so they can be adjusted to measure all kinds of voltages. Such voltmeters usually have a "knob" or switch that can be set in different ways. If the voltmeter is set in one way, the voltmeter handles voltages up to, for example, 10 volts. If the switch is set in another way, the voltmeter can handle 100 volts, and so on. Inside the voltmeter, the switch usually works by changing resistors in a voltage divider.

In this way, one single voltmeter can be used for a lot of different voltages, large and small. Some modern voltmeters can do this setting all by themselves, one just has to make the connection and not worry about if the voltmeter can handle the voltage. It will automatically find a setting that can handle it.

Today, a voltmeter is usually part of a multimeter, an instrument that can work as both a voltmeter, an ammeter, and usually a few more measuring instruments. These also have switces, used to "tell" the multimeter to "be a voltmeter".

Multimeters often have more than two connections, and part of "telling" the multimeter what to measure (that is, whether to be a voltmeter or an amperemeter) is done by choosing the right two connections. This is explained in the manual for the multimeter, and often shown next to the connection points.

The first type of voltmeters show the voltage using a needle or "pointer" pointing to the number of volts. These voltmeters take energy from the thing being measured to move the needle. Some very weak voltage sources might not have enough energy to move the needle to the right voltage. In that case, such a voltmeter shows too few volts. The voltmeter is not sensitive enough.

One solution to the above problem is to make the needle use as little energy as possible to move. However, there is a limit to how sensitive this kind of voltmeter can be. When vacuum tubes and transistors were invented, it became possible to build electronic amplifiers. By using an amplifier, a voltmeter can measure "very" small voltages from "very" weak sources. Modern voltmeters and multimeters normally have this kind of amplifier in them.

Powderfinger

Powderfinger were a rock band from Brisbane, Australia. The band started in 1989. The band’s members were Bernard Fanning (singer, guitarist), Darren Middleton (guitarist), Ian Haug (guitarist), John Collins (bass), and Jon Coghill (drums).

After some extended plays (EPs) that sold quite well, and making one full album, Powderfinger became popular in Australia with their second album; "Double Allergic". Their third album, "Internationalist", was even more popular and made them celebrities. It sold over 350,000 copies. "Odyssey Number Five" was their fourth album and was released in 2000. It is their most famous album; it was sold overseas in the United States and Canada. Powderfinger's next two albums were not as popular as the earlier ones, but still got to number one on the Australian Recording Industry Association (ARIA) charts.

Powderfinger started in Brisbane, Australia, in 1989. Ian Haug, John Collins, and Steven Bishop (drums), had been playing music with other bands, when they decided to form Powderfinger. The band's name came from the song "Powderfinger" by Neil Young. Haug met Bernard Fanning at university and Fanning decided to join the band. Later, Jon Coghill joined when Bishop left. Darren Middleton was the last person to join, when Powderfinger saw one of his other bands playing and invited him to join.

Powderfinger released their first extended play (EP), called "Powderfinger", in 1992. This was followed by "Transfusion" in 1993. "Transfusion" was popular in Australia, and got to number one on the ARIA Alternative Chart, a chart for alternative rock music. Powderfinger signed a contract with record label Polydor after releasing "Transfusion".

Their first EPs did not sell badly, so they made an album, "Parables for Wooden Ears", in 1994. It did not do very well, and Fanning said in an interview in 2004 that "the music wasn't very good". The band then released "Double Allergic" in 1996. This album became very popular in Australia; it sold more than 200,000 copies. Jonathan Lewis from Allmusic said ""Double Allergic" established Powderfinger as one of the most exciting Australian rock acts of the late 1990s". When they were making "Double Allergic", Middleton said it was the best music the band had made so far. After releasing the album, Powderfinger went on a tour with You Am I, playing at the Livid concerts.

After "Double Allergic", Powderfinger began to work on their third album. The band worked in Melbourne with a new producer, Nick DiDia. In 1998, they released "Internationalist". The album went to number one on the ARIA Albums Chart, and stayed in the top 50 for 101 weeks. It sold more than 350,000 copies. "Internationalist" was the first Powderfinger album to win an ARIA Award; it won "Album of the Year", "Best Rock Album" and "Best Cover Art" at the 1999 ARIA Awards. "The Day You Come", the first single, won "Single of the Year" in 1999.

On "Internationalist", Powderfinger included songs about their political opinions and social ideas, but they said this was not done on purpose. "Internationalist" sounded different to the band's first two albums. This was because the band experimented with new ways of playing their music and writing songs.

Powderfinger's next album, "Odyssey Number Five" (released in 2000), is their most famous. It won many awards including "Album of the Year" from "Rolling Stone" magazine, and the 2001 "Album of the Year" ARIA Award. It also got to number one on the ARIA Albums Chart. From "Odyssey Number Five", Powderfinger released their most popular single, "My Happiness". It won the 2001 "Single of the Year" ARIA Award, and got to number four on the ARIA Singles Chart. Two songs on "Odyssey Number Five" appeared in movies; "These Days" was from the movie "Two Hands", and "My Kind of Scene" was part of "".

"Odyssey Number Five" was Powderfinger's shortest album yet. Similar to "Internationalist", it talked about political and social issues. It also had numerous songs about love. Fanning liked listening to gospel music, and to soul which is often about love, and wrote his own songs after listening to that. Reviewers disagreed on the album; "Entertainment Weekly" liked it and gave it a B+, saying the album experimented well, while Allmusic gave it one-and-a-half stars out of five, saying Powderfinger were too careful and not aggressive enough. Powderfinger toured around North America with Coldplay to help promote "Odyssey Number Five".

In 2003, Powderfinger released their fifth album, "Vulture Street". It was named after a street in Brisbane where the band would rehearse. "Vulture Street" got to number one on the ARIA Albums Chart, but did not stay on the chart for as long as the two albums before it. "Vulture Street" won four ARIA Awards including "Album of the Year" in 2003.

"Vulture Street" contained louder guitars and drums than the albums before it, especially "Odyssey Number Five". Bernard Zuel from "The Sydney Morning Herald" said it was "a rawer, louder, but by no means unrefined, album". Some of the album was recorded during jam sessions, and was similar to what Powderfinger sounded like when playing live. Kenneth Nguyen from "The Age" said the band "play a crowd-pleasing set".

In 2004, Powderfinger released a CD/DVD of themselves playing a concert in Sydney. The release was called "These Days: Live in Concert". After this they released a "best of" album called "Fingerprints: The Best of Powderfinger, 1994–2000". This included singles from their albums so far, some songs that were not released as singles but appeared on albums, and two new songs. Both compilations did well on the ARIA Albums Chart, reaching number two.

After releasing "Fingerprints: The Best of Powderfinger, 1994–2000", Powderfinger said they would have a rest from working together. During this break, Bernard Fanning made his own music, releasing an album called "Tea & Sympathy". Darren Middleton released an album, called "The Way Out" with Drag, another band he plays in. Ian Haug and John Collins made a band called The Predators during this time with Steven Bishop, who had left Powderfinger around 1992. The Predators made an EP called "Pick Up the Pace".

During the break, Fanning married his girlfriend, Andrea. The wives of Middleton and Haug both had children during the break.

Powderfinger returned from their break and began work on their sixth album in 2006. The band recorded in Los Angeles with Rob Schnapf, and released "Dream Days at the Hotel Existence" in 2007. The album's name came from a book called "The Brooklyn Follies" that Fanning was reading when the band recorded. "Dream Days at the Hotel Existence" contained songs about politics and the lives of Indigenous Australians, and also about love. Because of the political lyrics on one song, "Black Tears", the album was nearly banned.

The album sold well and was number one in Australia, like many of Powderfinger's previous albums. However, critics did not like it as much as the band's older work; Barnaby Smith of musicOMH said "the volume has been turned down", but he said that was "not always a good thing".

After the album was released, Powderfinger went on a concert tour with Silverchair, another Australian band. On the tour, called the Across the Great Divide tour, the band played shows in lots of cities in Australia and New Zealand. They did the tour to help Reconciliation Australia, an Australian charity that tries to improve the lives of Indigenous Australians.

Powderfinger have done a lot of work for charities and philanthropic causes. In 2004, the band played at WaveAid, a concert in response to the 2004 Indian Ocean earthquake. The concert made over $2 million in profit, which was donated to help survivors of the earthquake.

The 2007 Across the Great Divide tour featured Powderfinger and Silverchair playing concerts across Australia to help promote Reconciliation Australia, a charity that tries to improve the lives of Indigenous Australians. More than 200,000 saw the bands play. After the tour, the bands released a DVD, which included the bands performing, and interviews with their members.

In October 2007, Powderfinger played a concert at the Sydney Opera House as part of "Breast Cancer Awareness Month". Only people who had breast cancer, and their families, were invited to the show. Silverchair and Missy Higgins also performed. After the concert, Fanning said that "musicians have a guilty conscience in general about their lives being quite good and tend to be aware of social issues".

A dash (–) means it did not appear on the chart.


Schizanthus

Schizanthus (butterfly flower) is a genus of flowering plants in the nightshade family "Solanaceae". The genus is made up of twelve species: "Schizanthus alpestris", "Schizanthus candidus", "Schizanthus grahamii", "Schizanthus hookerii", "Schizanthus integrifolius", "Schizanthus lacteus", "Schizanthus laetus", "Schizanthus litoralis", "Schizanthus parvulus", "Schizanthus pinnatus", "Schizanthus porrigens" and "Schizanthus tricolor".

Hadith

A hadith (, pronounced: "") is a saying attributed to Muhammad, a prophet of Islam. In English, the word hadith is also used as the plural word for a group of these narrations, although the plural in Arabic is "a-HAA-deeth". 

For most self-identified Muslims, hadiths are used along with the Qur'an to interpret Sharia. Sunnis follow the Kutub al-Sittah; Shias follow the Kutub al-Arba'a; Ibadis follow Tartib al-Musnad. Hadiths attributed to Abu Hurairah are the most common hadiths in Sunnism. Unlike the Qur'an, hadiths are not universally accepted by Muslims; some Muslims claim that most hadiths are fabrications (pseudepigrapha) created in the 8th and 9th century AD, and which are falsely attributed to Muhammad.

The word "hadith" means something new or a piece of information. The religious meaning of "hadith" is a statement, action or approval attributed to the prophet of Islam, Muhammad. Therefore, hadith can be divided into three categories based upon their content:

After Prophet Muhammad died, Muslim scholars wrote down stories about what he had said and done. They also wrote down facts about who told each story. Some of the stories were retold many times before they were written down, and some stories did not agree in every detail resulting in the detailed study of hadith by scholars to compare between those hadith.

Muslim scholars collected all of these Hadith in books and compared them to each other. They decided which Hadith were most likely to be true records of the Sunnah, that is, the words and actions of Muhammad. Muslims see the Sunnah as an important source of guidance, along with the Qur'an. Islam is the complete religion so nothing could be changed about it. It gives a complete code of life.

Historically, not all Muslims believed in the hadiths. For example, Mu'tazilites rejected the hadiths as the basis for Islamic law, while at the same time accepting the Sunnah and ijma. For Mu'tazilites, the basic argument for rejecting the hadiths was that "since its essence is transmission by individuals, [it] cannot be a sure avenue of our knowledge about the Prophetic teaching unlike the Qur’an about whose transmission there is a universal unanimity among Muslims". Further, those who claim to obey the Qur'an alone while rejecting external sources such as the hadiths and the previous revelations are known as "Qur'anists".


Fengyuan District

Fengyuan District is a district in north-central Taichung in Taiwan on the south bank of the Dajia River. 

Billy Cox

Billy Cox is a bassist, best known for playing with guitarist Jimi Hendrix. He was born in West Virginia.

Billy first met Hendrix in the early part of the 1960s, when they were both in the United States Army. Cox played with Hendrix in an R&B band called the King Kasuals. The two played at clubs in Nashville, Tennessee. While in England, Hendrix asked Cox to join him in a new band; Cox said no. The spot instead went to Noel Redding.

They met again in 1969, when Hendrix asked on Cox to play bass in the experimental band "Band of Gypsys". 

Billy Cox also played at Woodstock.

In 1971 Cox released his album "Nitro Function".


Clarksville

Clarksville is the name of several places in the United States of America:
One of the places known as Clarksville is in New Zealand

Clarksville, New Zealand

Clarksville is a small township. It is located three kilometres southwest of Milton in the Otago region of the South Island of New Zealand. State Highways 1 and 8 meet in Clarksville. The town was also once the location of a railway junction, where the Roxburgh Branch left the Main South Line. Construction of this branch line began in the 1870s and Clarksville acted as the junction until 1907, when an extension of the branch was built alongside the Main South Line into Milton to improve operations. This led to Milton being the junction until 1960, when the extension was removed and Clarksville regained its status as a junction until the branch was entirely closed in 1968.

The Animals

The Animals were an English music group, who were most popular in the 1960s. They were known for their bluesy sound, and their heavy-voiced singer Eric Burdon.

One of their first hit songs, "The House of The Rising Sun", was an old American folk song, which they performed with a rock and roll beat. Folk musician Bob Dylan was impressed by the Animals version of the song.

Other Animals hits included "We Gotta Get Out Of This Place", "Don't Bring Me Down", "It's My Life", "See See Rider", "Don't Let Me Be Misunderstood", and "I'm Crying". The original Animals disbanded, and Burdon moved to the United States in 1967, where he formed a new version of the band. They made more records, like "San Franciscan Nights", "Sky Pilot", "When I Was Young", "Paint it Black", "River Deep Mountain High", "Gratefully Dead" and "Monterey".

The original Animals reunited in later years, to perform concerts, and Burdon performed Animals songs with other bands. Bass guitarist Chas Chandler became a music producer, with artists like Jimi Hendrix and Slade.

Keyboardist Alan Price left the band in early 1965 and went on an successful solo career in Europe. Guitar player Hilton Valentine and drummer John Steel left the music business for many years until they reunited. John Weider, guitar and violin player of the second Animals went on an solo career and was a member of the rock band Family. Guitar player of the second Animals Vic Briggs became Antion Vikram Singh and released a few solo records including Hawaiian music. Lead singer Eric Burdon went on with the funk rock band War, formed the hard rock/heavy metal group The Eric Burdon Band and went on an solo career with many ups and downs.



Autograph

An autograph is some writing written only in the handwriting of its author; it is "not" typing.

An autograph can also mean someones signature. This term is used for collecting autographs of celebrities. The collection of autographs is called 'philography'.


Stevie Ray Vaughan

Stephen "Stevie" Ray Vaughan (October 3, 1954 – August 27, 1990) was an American blues guitarist. He was born and raised in Dallas, Texas. He was one of the world's most influential electric blues guitarists of the 1980s. His most basic guitar licks were influenced by Albert King. In one on stage performance the temperamental musician stated that Stevie Ray Vaughan was of his own blood line. Early breakouts include Stevie Ray Vaughan and Double Trouble's Texas Flood album including their Hits, Texas Flood, and their upbeat version of Pride and Joy. He died in a helicopter crash in East Troy, Wisconsin. In 2003, "Rolling Stone" magazine ranked Stevie Ray Vaughan #7 in their list of the 100 Greatest Guitarists of All Time. He died in August 27th 1990, from a helicopter crash. In 2015 he and his group Double Trouble were elected into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame.


Didsbury

Didsbury is a area of Manchester 5-6 miles south of the city centre. According to the 2001 census it had a population of 14,292.


Burnage

Burnage is a suburb of the City of Manchester in North West England. It lies about four miles (6.4 km) south of Manchester city centre. According to the 2001 census it had a population of 13,706.


Longsight

Longsight is an area, and a ward, in the City of Manchester, in North West England. It is around three miles south of Manchester city centre, and has a total population of 16,007 (according to the 2001 UK census).

Levenshulme

Levenshulme is an urban area of Manchester in North West England on the borders of Longsight, Gorton, Burnage and Stockport. According to the 2001 UK census it had a population of 12,691.

Gorton

Gorton is a district of Manchester in England. It is east of Manchester city centre. Neighbouring areas include Longsight and Levenshulme. According to the 2001 UK census, 24,173 lived there. Gorton is split into two wards, Gorton North and Gorton South. The building known as Gorton Monastery is a former Roman Catholic church which has been repaired after a period of neglect and is used for other purposes.

Stockport

Stockport is a large town in Greater Manchester, North West England. Seven miles (10 km) south east of the city of Manchester, it is the largest settlement of the Metropolitan Borough of Stockport in Greater Manchester, and has a population of 136,083 (2001 Census), with the borough as a whole having 281,000. This makes the borough 23rd most populated district in England.

The River Mersey begins in Stockport, at the meeting point of the Rivers Goyt and Tame. Until 1974 the area was part of Cheshire.

The town lies in the Metropolitan Borough of Stockport which is in Greater Manchester.

The town of Stockport is twinned with the following towns:

Paisley is not officially twinned with Stockport but the entry is probably a mark of friendship.


Withington

Withington is a district of the city of Manchester, in North West England. It is about four miles south of Manchester city centre, and intersected by the busy thoroughfare of Wilmslow Road. It is between Fallowfield and Didsbury, to the north and south respectively. According to the 2001 UK census it has a population of 14,141. Together with Didsbury and Chorlton-cum-Hardy it was included in a larger city of Manchester in 1904. From 1974 it has also been part of the county of Greater Manchester.

Fallowfield

Fallowfield is an area of the city of Manchester, England. It lies two miles south of Manchester City Centre and is bisected east/west by the Wilmslow Road and north/south by the former "Fallowfield Loop railway line", now a cycle path. According to the 2001 UK census it has a population of 14,132.

Harrisonburg

Harrisonburg is the name of two communities in the United States:

Harrisonburg, Virginia

Harrisonburg is a city in Rockingham County, Virginia. It had 51,814 people at the 2020 census.

Harrisonburg is the county seat of Rockingham County. Harrisonburg is home to James Madison University and Eastern Mennonite University.


Hereditary monarchy

A hereditary monarchy is a type of government in which usually a king or a queen becomes the monarch by being related to the last monarch. That is the most common sort of monarchy and is the form used by almost all of the world's monarchies today.

In a hereditary monarchy, the monarchs come from the same family, and the crown is passed down from one member of the family to another. The hereditary system can be more stable and can command loyalty, but at other times, great bloodshed happened over the question of succession.

When the king or queen of a hereditary monarchy dies or quits the throne (abdicates), the crown is generally passed to one of his or her children, often the oldest. When that child dies, the crown will be then passed to his or her child, or, if he or she has no child, to a sister, brother, niece, nephew, cousin, or some other relative. Hereditary monarchies most usually arrange the succession by a law that creates an order of succession. That way, it is known beforehand who will be the next monarch.

The order of succession in hereditary monarchies is now often based on the idea of primogeniture (oldest born), but other methods used to be much more common.

In the past, there were differences in systems of succession, often depending on whether only men can succeed or whether both men and women could succeed. 

Agnatic succession means that women are not allowed to succeed or pass the succession from their fathers to their children. "Agnates" are relatives who have a common ancestor in an unbroken male line from father to father.

Cognatic succession means that both men and women can succeed. Women usually are allowed to succeed only if they have no brother alive. For example, in the United Kingdom, Princess Anne came after her younger brothers (and her nephews and nieces) in the line of succession. 

In the 1970s, Sweden changed from agnatic succession to "fully-cognatic" succession. That means the line of succession is based on age, not sex. Therefore, Princess Victoria of Sweden was born, she could never become queen, and when her younger brother was born, he became "crown prince" (heir to the throne), but the law changed, and Victoria became crown princess.

An elective monarchy can sometimes seem like a hereditary monarch. For example, only members of one family may be allowed to be elected, or before the monarch dies, the chosen heir (son, daughter, brother, sister, or other relative) might be elected.

In Europe, the Holy Roman Empire was an elective monarchy, but for many hundreds of years, only the head of the Habsburg family was elected. In 1806, the Holy Roman Emperor abolished the empire and instead became the Emperor of Austria, a hereditary monarch.

The only true example of an elective monarchy today is Malaysia, where a ruling Sultan of a Malaysian state, is elected as the Yang di-Pertuan Agong for a term of five years.

River Mersey

The River Mersey is a river in north west England. It is 70 miles (112 km) long, it stretches from Stockport, Greater Manchester, and ends at Liverpool Bay, Merseyside. For centuries, it formed part of the ancient county divide between Lancashire and Cheshire.

The Mersey is formed from three tributaries: the River Etherow, the River Goyt and the River Tame. The modern accepted start of the Mersey is at the confluence of the Tame and Goyt, in central Stockport, Greater Manchester. However, older definitions, and many older maps, place its start a few miles up the Goyt; for example the 1911 Encyclopedia Britannica states "It is formed by the junction of the Goyt and the Etherow a short distance below Marple in Cheshire on the first-named stream."

Water quality in the River Mersey is not good.

But Salmon are now found in the river. They can be viewed on the Salmon Steps at Woolston between the months of September and November.

The river is now internationally famous thanks to the music of the 1960s known as Merseybeat and its strong association with Liverpool, which produced songs such as "Ferry Cross the Mersey".

Also, Paul McCartney's 2007 song "That Was Me", from his album "Memory Almost Full" mentions merseybeating with the band.


Acid rock

Acid rock is a form of rock music, focusing mainly on hallucinations and drugs. It is related to psychedelic rock. It is mostly an off-beat style. It uses vivid imagery, and sometimes strange sound/musical effects (like backward recorded music).

"Acid rock" was popular in the late 1960s and early 1970s. But it is not very popular today.

Acid Rock got its name from the mixture of music and the drug LSD (lysergic acid diethylamide), which most people call "acid". "Acid rock" is usually recorded when the musician was high on LSD. Often the lyrics are about hallucinations.






Fender Stratocaster

The Fender Stratocaster, also called a Strat, is a type of solidbody electric guitar. The Stratocaster was designed by Leo Fender, Freddie Tavares, and George Fullerton in 1954, and is made by the Fender Musical Instruments Corporation. The Stratocaster has been used by many famous guitarists, such as David Gilmour, Jimi Hendrix, Eric Clapton, Buddy Guy, Buddy Holly, and Jeff Beck.

The Stratocaster has been copied as well. A guitar may look the same as a Stratocaster, but if it is not produced by Fender or Squier it is called a strat copy. 

Fender Stratocaster copies are mostly very cheap and low quality, but some guitar builders make high quality clones of the Stratocaster. Fender makes Stratocasters made in the United States of America, which are largely thought to be the highest quality. However they also make Stratocasters which are made in Japan, but only sell them to the Japanese. Many people view these guitars comparable and even superior to the American made Fenders.

Stratocasters are also made in Korea and sold as special editions. The cheapest Fenders are made in Mexico, but despite their price, these Stratocasters are very good quality guitars compared to the copies which are usually made in China. Squier makes Stratocasters in China and Indonesia.

Fender Strats made in Japan and Korea are sometimes equal to their American Standard cousin. Limited editions like the Pro Tone series and some early (1982-1986) Japanese models fetch prices from $400 – $800 depending on condition. Korean Strats that have the Fender decal are the desirable ones over the Korean models with Squier on the headstock where Fender should be. There are also American Made Squiers that can be of good quality. Korean Pro Tones are the cream of the Korean Crop.

Merseyside

Merseyside is a metropolitan county in North West England, with a population of 1,365,900. Taking its name from the River Mersey, the title "Merseyside" came into existence as a metropolitan county in 1974.

Merseyside is divided into two parts by the Mersey estuary: the Wirral is on the west side of the estuary upon the Wirral Peninsula; the rest of the county is on the east side. The northern part of Merseyside borders onto Lancashire to the north, Greater Manchester to the east, both parts border Cheshire to the south.

Merseyside contains the metropolitan boroughs of Liverpool, Knowsley, Sefton, St Helens and the Wirral.

This is a chart of trend of regional gross value added of Merseyside at current basic prices published (pp. 240–253) by "Office for National Statistics" with figures in millions of British Pounds Sterling.
Merseyside is divided into two parts by the Mersey estuary, the Wirral is on the west side of the estuary, upon the Wirral Peninsula and the rest of the county is on the east side of the estuary.

The two parts are linked by two road tunnels, a railway tunnel, and the famous Mersey Ferry. Other districts that are part of the urban area (but not part of Merseyside) are Ellesmere Port and Neston and Halton. The designation "Greater Merseyside" has been adopted for the area that includes Merseyside and Halton, the term "Liverpool City-Region" is less well-defined. Most of the region was once served by the now scraped MTL Trust Holdings Ltd transport company.



Metropolitan Borough of Wirral

Wirral is a metropolitan borough in Merseyside, North West England, which occupies the northern part of the Wirral Peninsula, more commonly known as Wirral.

Wirral Metropolitan Borough has a population of about 311,235 (2004 estimate) in an area of 60 square miles (155 km). It faces Liverpool over the River Mersey to the east, the Irish Sea to the north and the River Dee to the west. To the south it borders the borough of Ellesmere Port and Neston, in Cheshire.

This is a chart of trend of regional gross value added of Wirral at current basic prices published (pp.240–253) by the "Office for National Statistics" with figures in millions of British Pounds Sterling.

In September 2006 a large scale development called Wirral Waters was unveiled by the company Peel Holdings, that if constructed as outlined may see the creation of up to 27,000 jobs.


Erin Sanders

Erin Zariah Sanders (born January 19, 1991 in Santa Monica, California) is an American actress. She is best known for the Nickelodeon television series "Zoey 101".

Reproduction

Reproduction is to create or recreate something, (usually) a new living thing, such as a baby. In biology, the two types of reproduction are sexual and asexual reproduction. Sexual reproduction involves two organisms of the same species, each supplying half the genes for the descendant. Asexual reproduction only involves a single organism; it works by division (or splitting) of the cell. Most bacteria reproduce by asexual reproduction. Some organisms can either reproduce sexually or asexually.

Metropolitan borough

A metropolitan borough (or metropolitan district) is a type of local government district in England and covers urban areas within metropolitan counties.

The current metropolitan boroughs were created in 1974 by the Local Government Act 1972 as subdivisions of the new metropolitan counties which were created to cover the six largest urban areas in England outside Greater London

The new authorities were actually defined by law as metropolitan districts, however all of them have borough status or city status. The new metropolitan boroughs replaced the county boroughs, municipal boroughs and urban and rural districts which existed before. The districts typically have populations of 174,000 to 1.1 million.

In 1986 the old metropolitan county councils were abolished by the Local Government Act 1985 and most of their functions were given to the boroughs, so they are to a large extent unitary authorities. Some of the functions of the abolished county councils were taken over by joint bodies such as Passenger Transport Authorities, and joint fire, police and waste disposal authorities.

The 36 current metropolitan boroughs are:

Carly Patterson

Carly Rae Patterson (born February 4, 1988 in Baton Rouge, Louisiana) was an American gymnast. She was the 2004 Olympic All-Around Champion. After the Olympics, she started working as a singer. She lives in Allen, Texas.

Local Government Act 1972

The Local Government Act 1972 (1972 c. 70) is an Act of Parliament in the United Kingdom, that reformed local government in England and Wales, on 1 April 1974.

Its pattern of two-tier councils remains in use today in large parts of England, although the metropolitan county councils were abolished in 1986 and it was replaced with unitary authorities in many areas in the 1990s. In Wales, it established a similar pattern of counties and districts. These have since been entirely replaced with a system of unitary authorities. In Scotland, the Local Government (Scotland) Act 1973 established a similar system of two-tier regions and districts in 1975 – this was also replaced by a system of unitary council areas in 1996.

Elections were held to the new authorities in 1973, and they acted as 'shadow authorities' until the handover date. Elections to county councils were held on April 12, for metropolitan and Welsh districts on May 10 for non-metropolitan district councils on June 7.

The Local Government Boundary Commission originally proposed 278 non-metropolitan districts in April 1972 (still working with the county boundaries found in the Bill). A further eighteen districts were added in the final proposals of November 1972, which were then ordered.

The splits were as follows (in most cases the splits were not exact, and many other changes to the borders of the districts took place at this time)


The new district in Suffolk was necessitated by the decision to keep Newmarket in Suffolk; which would otherwise have become part of the South Cambridgeshire district.

Section 265 af the Act allowed for the continuation of the local government arrangements for the Isles of Scilly. The Isles of Scilly Rural District Council became the Council of the Isles of Scilly, and certain services were to continue to be provided by Cornwall County Council as provided by order in council made by the Secretary of State, although the Isles were not technically in Cornwall before or after 1974.

Elections were held to the new authorities on three different Thursdays in 1973. Each new county and district was divided into electoral divisions. For county councils, each electoral division elected one member; for metropolitan district councils, each ward elected three members; and wards in non-metropolitan districts could elect a varying number of members. There was not sufficient time to conduct a full warding arrangement so a temporary system was used: in some county councils electoral divisions elected multiple councillors.


Act of Parliament

An Act of Parliament or Act is law made by the parliament (see legislation).

An Act of Parliament normally starts as a proposed law known as a Bill. The Bill will then be introduced into the Parliament (House of Commons, House of Representatives, House of Lords or the Senate) for debate and possible approval and enactment.

Bills that contain provisions significantly relating to taxation or public expenditure are introduced into the House of Commons in the UK; in Canada and Ireland, this is the law.

In the United Kingdom, Law Commission bills and consolidation bills start in the House of Lords.

In some countries, such as Spain and Portugal, a Bill has different names depending on whether it comes from the government (e.g. "Project") or from the Parliament (e.g. "Proposition" or Private Member's Bill).

An Act may be introduced to parliament also by means of a private bill.



Legislation

Legislation (or "statutory law") is law which has been created by a legislature or other governing body. The term may refer to a single law, or the collective body of enacted law, while "statute" is also used to refer to a single law. Before an item of legislation becomes law it may be known as a bill, which is typically also known as "legislation" while it remains under active consideration.

Under the Westminster system, an item of legislation is known as an Act of Parliament.

Legislation is usually proposed by a member of the legislature (e.g. a member of Congress or Parliament), or by the executive, then it is debated by members of the legislature and is often amended. 
Those who have the formal power to "create" legislation are known as legislators, the judicial branch of government may have the formal power to "interpret" legislation.

The act of making legislation is sometimes known as legislating. Under the doctrine of separation of powers, the law-making function is primarily the responsibility of the legislature. However, there are situations where legislation is enacted by other means (most commonly when constitutional law is enacted). These other forms of law-making include referenda and constitutional conventions. The term "legislation" is sometimes used to describe these situations, but other times, the term is used to distinguish acts of the legislature from these other lawmaking forms.


Bill (proposed law)

A bill is a proposed new law introduced within a legislature that has not been adopted. Once a bill has become law, it is thereafter an act; but in popular usage the two terms are often treated as if they meant the same.

Bills can be divided into:





List of popes by length of reign

The List of popes by length of reign is parsed using two organizing standards—identifying the longest reigns and the shortest ones.

The term pope is the name several churches give to their highest spiritual leader. In English, the term usually means the head of the Catholic Church. The most accurate information about the popes is published every year by the Holy See in the "Annuario Pontificio".

Including Peter, who was the first Bishop of Rome and the first pope, the list of the 11 longest-reigning popes includes:

The list of the 11 shortest-reigning popes includes:

Webkinz

Webkinz are stuffed animals. They were first sold by the Ganz company in 2005. The toys are similar to other small plush toys. Each toy comes with a special code that lets the person who owns it use the "Webkinz World" website. On the website, users can "adopt" an online version of the pet to play with.

The toys have been advertised in a way that is similar to Ty Beanie Babies. After some time, certain types of the toy are "retired" or no longer sold. This makes the toys more valuable after they are retired and people can sell them for more money. Usually, retired Webkinz are sold at the $20 - $100 range. (USD) Webkinz have been very popular. Ganz says more than 2 million toys have been sold to retailers. They also say there are 1 million users of the Webkinz website. More than $1 million (USD) in toys were sold in the United States in 2006. 

When a person buys a Webkinz at a store, they get a code that allows them to use the website for one year. After that time, the person can still use the account, but there are some things that they can't do on there anymore. To be able to do everything, they must buy another Webkinz toy. Online, users can play with their pets in many ways. For example they can feed them, exercise them, or play games. When they play games, they earn "KinzCash", the money that is used on the site to buy things for their pets. 
<br> Now, Ganz has made the "Ganz E-store", where you can buy Webkinz codes and items with just a credit card and a click. They also made tinier versions called "Lil' Kinz" plush toys.


List of popes

The list of popes begins with St. Peter and continues through the present day. The pope is the head of the Catholic Church.

Peter was called the Bishop of Rome. All others who became Bishop of Rome were also recognized as popes.

The list sometimes says "interregnum". This is Latin for "between reigns". It means there was no Pope; as in a Pope had died, and his successor hadn't yet been elected.




Towradgi

Towradgi is a small suburb, north of Wollongong. It is on the coast and close to beaches.

It has a school, soccer fields, a lawn-bowling field, and many other attractions. It has a few restaurants/dining places.


ACID

ACID is a concept used with databases. It is the way some databases keep their data true and meaningful. Not all databases use the concept of ACID, but relational databases usually do.

ACID is an abbreviation. It stands for

Database transaction

Depending on the model used, making changes to the data in a database can be complex. That means that several steps are needed to perform a change. In that context, all the steps are grouped. This group is called a transaction. Many databases give guarantees about the data, and they also do checks. When something goes wrong in one step, all the steps in the group, or transaction, are undone. This is called a "rollback". When all the steps have been executed, and there was no error, this state can be persisted. People will talk about "committing" a transaction. 

A database transaction is generally atomic. That means, it is either done completely, or it is not done. The state of it being done is not visible.

Most of the time, transactions are needed to guarantee the ACID principle of databases.

Aargau

About 580.000 people live in the canton. Its capital is Aarau.

Aargau is divided into 11 districts:


List of municipalities of the Netherlands

The Netherlands has 342 municipalities in 12 provinces in Europe and 3 special municipalities (public bodies) in the Caribbean, the Caribbean Netherlands. Together 345 municipalities since 2023.



Provinces of the Netherlands

The modern day European Netherlands are divided into twelve provinces ("provincies" in Dutch). The Caribbean Netherlands and other countries within the Kingdom of the Netherlands are completely separate.

A Dutch province is the administrative layer in between the national government and the local municipalities. It has the responsibility for matters of regional importance. The government of each province is made of three major parts: the "Provinciale Staten" which is the provincial parliament elected every four years. Elected from its members are the "Gedeputeerde Staten", a college charged with most executive tasks. This college is presided by the "Commissaris van de Koningin" or royal commissioner, appointed by the Crown.

The twelve provinces are listed below with their people, area, density, and so on:
Almost all Dutch provinces came from a medieval state, like a county or duchy. This is the same with the regions of Belgium. Their status changed once they came under the influence of a ruler. This single ruler then centralised their administration. They then became provinces of a larger state. In total there are 17 provinces today. From these unified Netherlands, seven northern provinces formed the Republic of the Seven United Provinces in the 16th century. These were Holland, Zeeland, Gelderland, Utrecht, Friesland, Overijssel and Groningen. The Republic's lands also included Drenthe (one of the 17, but without the autonomous status of the others), and parts of Brabant, Limburg and Flanders, which were considered to be "conquered lands" and were governed directly by the "Staten-Generaal", the parliament. From this came their name Generality Lands. They were called "Staats-Brabant", "Staats-Limburg" and "Staats-Vlaanderen", meaning "of the state". Each of these "Netherlands" had a high degree of autonomy. They co-operated with each other mainly on defense and on the international level in general. They kept to their own affairs elsewhere.

On January 1, 1796, during the Batavian Republic, Drenthe and Staats-Brabant became the eighth and ninth provinces of the Netherlands; the latter known as "Bataafs Brabant", Batavian Brabant, changing its name to "Noord Brabant", North Brabant, in 1815 when it became part of the United Kingdom of the Netherlands. This kingdom also contained (then) South Brabant, a province in Belgium. This new unified state featured the provinces in their modern form. Today, they are non-autonomous subdivisions of the national state. There are again numbering 17 provinces, though not all are the same as the 16th century ones. In 1839, with the independence of Belgium, the original single province of Limburg was divided between the two countries. Each country now has a province called Limburg. A year later, Holland, the largest and most populous of the Dutch provinces, was also split into two provinces for a total of 11. The 12th member was to be Flevoland, a province consisting almost entirely of reclaimed land, established on January 1, 1986.

During the Batavian Republic, the Netherlands were from 1798 to 1801 completely reorganised into 8 new departments, most named after rivers, inspired by the French revolutionary example, in an attempt to do away with the old autonomous provincial status. They are listed below, with their capitals and the territory of the former provinces they mostly incorporated:
After only three years, following a coup d'état, the borders of the former provinces were restored, though not their autonomous status. They were now also called "departments" and Drenthe was added to Overijssel. In 1806 the Kingdom of Holland replaced the republic to further French interests. It was during this administration that Holland was first split in two, with the department of "Amstelland" to the north and that of "Maasland" to the south. East Frisia, then as now in Germany, was added to the kingdom as a department in 1807 and Drenthe split off again making a total of 11 departments.

When the Netherlands finally did become fully part of France in 1810, the departments of the kingdom and their borders were largely maintained, with some joined together. They were however nearly all renamed, again mainly after rivers, though the names differed from their Batavian counterparts. Following are their names and the modern day province they corresponded for the most part to:
With the defeat and withdrawal of the French in 1813, the old provinces and their names were re-established, Holland was reunited and East-Frisia went its separate way. The 17 provinces of the United Kingdom of the Netherlands were for a significant part based on the former French departments and their borders, in particular in what would later become Belgium.



Flevoland

Flevoland is one of the provinces of the Netherlands. Lelystad is its capital, but Almere is its biggest city. About 445,000 people are living in Flevoland (2023).

Location of the municipalities of Flevoland.

North Brabant

North Brabant (Dutch: 'Noord-Brabant') is a province of the Netherlands. It is in the south of the country. It is bordered by Belgium in the south, the Meuse River ("Maas") in the north, Limburg in the east and Zeeland in the west. See Google maps. Its capital is 's-Hertogenbosch. The largest city is Eindhoven. About 2,626,000 people are living in North Brabant (2023).

Local Government Act 1985

The Local Government Act 1985 was an Act of Parliament in the United Kingdom. Its main effect was to abolish the county councils of the metropolitan counties that had been set up in 1974 by the Local Government Act 1972, along with the Greater London Council that had been established in 1965.

The main provision, section 1 stated that "the Greater London Council; and the metropolitan county councils" shall not exist anymore.

It came into effect on 1 April 1986. The metropolitan boroughs and London boroughs got some of the powers of the former institutions, but others went to central government. At the time of the Act, one third of the population of England were living in Greater London and the metropolitan counties.

The act established a system of joint-boards to take over some of the functions of the abolished councils in the metropolitan counties and in Greater London. The joint-boards had councillors appointed by the boroughs. 

The Act was passed by Margaret Thatcher's government after a series of disputes between the councils and the central government.

List of zombie movies


























Greater London Council

The Greater London Council (GLC) was the local government administrative body for Greater London from 1965 to 1986. It replaced the earlier London County Council (LCC) which had covered a much smaller area.

The Labour Party had controlled the LCC from 1934 and by the 1950s the Conservative Government considered that elections were becoming one-sided, since the London County Council (LCC) covered only the inner (generally Labour-voting) districts. The government sought to create a new body covering all of London.

Livingstone's high-spend socialist policies put the GLC into direct conflict with Margaret Thatcher's Conservative government. Livingstone soon became a thorn in the side of the sitting Tory government. He deliberately antagonised Mrs. Thatcher through a series of actions (including posting a billboard of London's rising unemployment figures on the side of, and endorsing a statue of Nelson Mandela whilst Thatcher regarded the future South African president as a terrorist.

By 1983, Thatcher was determined to crush both Livingstone and the GLC, and the Cabinet agreed "in principle" to abolish the GLC and give its functions to the boroughs. 

The Local Government Act 1985, which abolished the GLC, faced considerable opposition from many quarters but was narrowly passed in Parliament, setting the end of the council for 31 March 1986.

After its abolition, London was left as the only major city in the world without a central administrative body. Most of the powers of the GLC were given to the London boroughs. Some powers, such as the fire service, were taken over by joint boards made up of councillors appointed by the boroughs - see waste authorities in Greater London for an example. In total, around 100 organisations were responsible for service delivery in Greater London.

It was argued by many people that this situation was chaotic and un-coordinated and a new London-wide body was needed to co-ordinate the whole city. 

Tony Blair's Labour government was elected in 1997, and was committed to bring back London-wide government. In 1999 a referendum was held on the establishment of a new London authority and elected mayor, which was approved by a two to one margin. 

The new Greater London Authority (GLA) was established in 2000. The GLA has a very different structure to the GLC, it consisted of a directly elected Mayor of London and a London Assembly. The Mayor of London elections were won by the same Ken Livingstone, who began his victory speech with the words: "As I was saying before I was so rudely interrupted 14 years ago".

Greater London Authority

The Greater London Authority (GLA) controls the 1579 km² (610 sq. miles) of Greater London, England, covering the 32 London boroughs and the City of London. The GLA members are the Mayor and the 25 people the London Assembly. The current Mayor of London is Sadiq Khan.

The GLA was created to improve the coordination between the London boroughs, and the Mayor of London's role is to give London a single person to represent it. The Mayor proposes policy and the GLA's budget, and makes appointments to the capital's strategic transport body (Transport for London) and economic development body (the London Development Agency). 

One of the primary purposes of the London Assembly is to hold the Mayor of London to account. The Assembly must also accept or amend(change) the Mayor's budget on an annual basis(every year).

The GLA is different from the Corporation of the City of London with its largely ceremonial Lord Mayor. Corporation controls only the square mile of the City, London's chief financial centre. The GLA governs a much wider area 

The GLA is at City Hall, a new building on the south bank of the River Thames, next to Tower Bridge.



Mayor of London

The Mayor of London is an elected politician in London. The role, created in 2000, was the first directly elected mayor in the United Kingdom. The Mayor of London is also referred to as the London Mayor, a form which helps to avoid confusion with the Lord Mayor of London, the ancient and now mainly ceremonial role in the City of London. The Mayor of London is mayor of Greater London, which has a population of over 7.5 million while the City of London is only a small part of the modern city centre and has a population of less than 10,000.

The first elected Mayor of London is Ken Livingstone, who was re-elected in 2004. Boris Johnson was elected mayor in 2008. Johnson announced that he will not run for re-election in 2016. Sadiq Khan was elected mayor in 2016.

The Mayor is responsible for budgeting and strategic planning of some governmental functions across the whole of the London region. The plans of the mayor are looked at by the London Assembly and actioned by the Greater London Authority. Responsibilities include transport, the police, fire and emergency services, cultural strategy and economic development.

The mayor of London's salary is one that ranks along that of a government cabinet minister's. The current salary is £137,579 per year.

This provides a list of people who have held the office of Mayor of London,

Rock and Roll Hall of Fame

The Rock and Roll Hall of Fame (RRHOF), sometimes simply referred to as the Rock Hall, is a museum in Cleveland, Ohio, United States, which has information on the history of some of the best-known and most influential artists, producers, and other people who have in some major way influenced the music industry, mostly in the area of rock and roll and rock music.

The first group of musicians, added on January 23, 1986, were Chuck Berry, James Brown, Ray Charles, Sam Cooke, Fats Domino, the Everly Brothers, Buddy Holly, Jerry Lee Lewis, Little Richard, and Elvis Presley.


Muddy Waters

McKinley Morganfield (April 4, 1913April 30, 1983), known professionally as Muddy Waters, was an American blues musician. He is considered "the Father of Chicago blues". He is also the actual father of blues musician Big Bill Morganfield. Muddy Waters is considered to be one of the greatest bluesmen of all time, and in 2004 he was ranked #17 in Rolling Stone Magazine's list of the "100 Greatest Artists of All Time".

Muddy Waters was born in Rolling Fork, Mississippi. He liked playing in a creek near his home so his sister gave him the nickname "Muddy Waters". His mother died and he grew up at his grandmothers home in Clarksdale. He learned to play the harp and played together with other musicans in juke joints and for parties. While he was working as tractor driver at the Stovall plantation he was recorded by Alan Lomax for the Library of Congress. Two songs ("Country Blues/I Be's Troubled") were put on a record for documentary reasons. The first release of these recordings was 1993 by MCA Records. ("The Complete Plantation Recordings")

1943 Waters went, like a lot of other musicans from the Mississippi delta, north to Chicago. He worked in a papermill and played and got a reputation as musican. To be louder than the visitors of the crowded clubs he changed the acoustic guitar for an electric guitar. Until 1948 he recorded for some minor labels amongst others with Sunnyland Slim, a pianist. Sunnyland Slim took him along as he recorded for Aristocrat Records. There he had the chance to record two sides("Gypsy Woman/Little Annie Mae"). They were not successful but he had the chance to record again. He recorded "I Can't Be Satisfied" and "I Feel Like Going Home", which were successful in the Chicago area. With his own band he recorded now and had success. Hits from the beginning of the 1950s were "Louisiana Blues" (1951), "Long Distance Call" (1951), "Still A Fool" (1951) and" She Moves Me" (1952).

The 1950s were commercially and artistically successful. He became the "King of the Chicago Blues". A lot of musicians who played in his band later were stars of the blues scene themself. (Otis Spann, Little Walter, Junior Wells, Big Walter Horton, James Cotton...). Willie Dixon, who played the bass and produced for Chess Records, wrote a lot of his hits from this time.("I'm Your Hoochie Coochie Man" (1954), "Just Make Love To Me" (1954), "Mannish Boy" (1955), "Trouble No More" (1956) ) Muddy Waters also played outside the USA. 1958 he played some concerts in Great Britain with Chris Barber. 1960 he played at the Newport Jazz Festival, the first time it was possible for a white audience to hear him.

As a recording artist the 1960s were not good. But the white audience even in Europe discovered him. A band from London was named after one of his songs. ("The Rolling Stones"). His importance for young musicans was documented in the album "Fathers and Sons" where Muddy Waters, the father, played together with his sons Mike Bloomfield, Paul Butterfield and Donald "Duck" Dunn, all of them white. In the 1970s he tightend his reputation as live act. He played great festivals like the Montreux Jazz Festival. But also his albums were acclaimed, so the album "Hard again". This album was produced by the guitarist Johnny Winter.

On April 30, 1983 Muddy Waters died in his sleep from Heart Failure, at his home in Westmont, Illinois.

Unlike T-Bone Walker, who also used an electric guitar, Waters used riffs consisting of only few accords. This was model for later guitarist. A lot of his songs was covered by other great musicians. The music was used in movies (especially in longtime fan Martin Scorsese's movies, including The Color of Money, Casino and Goodfellas). Even commercials used them.

Muddy Waters released about thirty albums during his career, including compilation albums. 
Muddy Waters released approximately sixty singles (120 "sides") during his career, sixteen of which made the charts. The chart position is the highest in the Billboard Rhythm and Blues charts.

The Rock and Roll Hall of Fame listed four songs of Muddy Waters of the 500 Songs That Shaped Rock and Roll.

U.S. Postage Stamp


Suit

Suit is a term with various meanings:


Suit (clothing)

A suit is a set of clothing intended to be worn together. It may be a semi-formal 'lounge suit' or 'business suit'. It always includes a jacket and trousers (pants). In classical gentlemen's tailoring, a waistcoat (U.S: vest) is usually worn with single-breasted suits.

In formal or semi-formal wear, the suit is worn with various other items. Quality socks, leather lace-up shoes, and a tie are essential: if a tie is not worn, that is casual wear. This outfit is worn in many countries by men in professional jobs such as business, law, and politics. It is also sometimes worn by women and in such cases a dress skirt or tailored trousers are worn.

A suit can be part of a dress code, a set of rules that say what people should wear at an event. Ideally, a suit is tailored to the individual wearer. 'Off-the-peg' suits are much cheaper, but they may need adjusting by a tailor.

Special suits for special dangers include space suits and diving suits.



Generally, colder climates are more formal. Suits are standard dress in most countries' international business and politics. In others, celebrity and political leaders aim to make a fashion statement.

Suits are not necessarily expensive, because while some may need to be tailored, this is a relatively cheap op, around $20 USD. Casual people suit up less today than in the last century, and presuming a tailor is a specialist, and cannot do it in the 5 minutes it takes you to stand in the mirror, is one common fallacy. Sportscoats are semi-formal clothing, usual for wearing to some offices, but less mainstream for watching a football match. A trend towards semi-casual style (just dresspants) started in the 1960s and 1970s, and has changed the way many people dress. All the same, many high-status men and women do still wear suits.

The evolution of the suit began with changes made to formal English male dress by Beau Brummell in the early 1800s. More changes were made later in the 19th century by tailors in London and elsewhere. By the end of that century photographs show men wearing suits that are almost the same as those worn today.

Deal or No Deal

Deal or No Deal is a game show in more than 40 countries on the world created by John de Mol. It began in the Netherlands in 2000.

"Deal or No Deal" involves a contestant, a host/presenter, a banker, and a number of briefcases (or boxes), with each having a different (and initially unknown) value. Each game starts with the contestant selecting one of the cases–this first case's value is not known until the game ends. During the rest of the game, the contestant opens the rest of the cases, one at a time, revealing its value. Each time after a specified number of cases are opened, the banker offers the contestant a certain amount of money to end the game. If the contestant takes an offer, the game ends, otherwise the contestant ends up with the money from the first case.

Since the range of possible values for cases is known at the start of each game, how much the banker offers at any given point changes based on what cases have been eliminated. To promote suspense and lengthen games, the banker's offer usually strays from the expected value dictated by probability theory, particularly early in the game. However it is not uncommon for the bank's offer to exceed the player's expected value very late in the game.

Worldwide, the largest amount offer (in terms of exchange rates) was €1,495,000 (equal to $1,737,250) on the original "Miljoenenjacht", on November 13, 2005 (which was accepted, the contestant's case only had €1,000). Only a few people have ever won the top prize on any version of the show.

All of these were found on the official website.

Lightning Hopkins

Samuel John "Lightnin'" Hopkins (March 15, 1912 - January 30, 1982) was a country blues guitar player and singer. He was from Houston, Texas.



Lord Mayor of London

The Right Honourable the Lord Mayor of London is the Mayor of the City of London and head of the Corporation of London. The Lord Mayor of London is not the same person as the Mayor of London; The Lord Mayor is an officer only of the City of London. The Mayor of London governs the much larger area of Greater London.

The Lord Mayor is elected each year at the end of September or the beginning of October, and takes office in November. On the day after taking office, the Lord Mayor's Show is held. The Lord Mayor's role is mostly ceremonial and social, not political, although he does promote London's business credentials abroad. The Lord Mayor of London is also the chancellor of the City University of London.

The Lord Mayor for 2022-2023 is Nicholas Lyons.

Of the 66 cities in the United Kingdom, the City of London is among the 30 that have Lord Mayors (or, in Scotland, Lord Provosts). The Lord Mayor is entitled to the style The Right Honourable; the same privilege extends only to the Lord Mayors of Bristol, York, Cardiff and Belfast, and to the Lord Provosts of Edinburgh and Glasgow. The style, however, is used when referring to the office and not to the person; "The Rt Hon The Lord Mayor of London" would be correct, while "The Rt Hon John Smith" would be incorrect.

A woman who holds the office is also known as a Lord Mayor. A male Lord Mayor's wife is known as a Lady Mayoress. In speech, a Lord Mayor is referred to as "My Lord Mayor", and a Lady Mayoress as "My Lady Mayoress".

It was once use for Lord Mayors to be created knights when they took office and baronets when they retired. The custom was applied inconsistently from the sixteenth until the nineteenth centuries; creations became more regular from 1889 onwards. From 1964 onwards, the regular creation of hereditary dignities such as baronetcies stopped, but Lord Mayors continued to be granted knighthoods (usually of the rank of Knight Grand Cross of the Order of the British Empire) until 1993. Since 1993, Lord Mayors have not received any automatic honours upon appointment.

The Lord Mayor is also



Little Richard

Richard Wayne Penniman (December 5, 1932 – May 9, 2020), known by his stage name Little Richard, was an American recording artist, songwriter, and musician. He was one of the early creators of rock and roll music in the 1950s.

In 1951 Little Richard began his music career by making gospel and jazz influenced rhythm and blues. He did not sell many records until 1955 when he added a loud drum beat and loud Gospel-style singing and boogie-woogie piano playing. This new music would come to be known as of rock and roll. Little Richard influenced many rock and roll musicians who started after him.

In 1957, when he was at his most popular point, Little Richard quit rock and roll music. He went to Bible college and became a church preacher. He then went on to play only Gospel music for many years. He returned to playing rock and roll when he was older, and also continued playing Gospel music.

In 1986, Little Richard was added into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame. He was one of the first seven people to be added to the museum.

Little Richard died of bone cancer on May 9, 2020 at his brother's home in Tullahoma, Tennessee at the age of 87. He is survived by his brother, sister and his adopted son Danny.


Monterey Pop Festival

The Monterey International Pop Music Festival took place from June 16 to June 18, 1967. Over 200,000 people went, and it is often seen as the beginning of the "rock era", replacing the earlier term "rock and roll". The festival was a cultural inspiration for future events. Many of the performers (like Jimi Hendrix and Janis Joplin) became major celebrities through their appearances, while older acts (like The Beach Boys, who were scheduled to appear but cancelled) were seen as obsolete.





I Have a Dream

"I Have a Dream" is the name of a speech Martin Luther King, Jr. gave on August 28, 1963 while standing on the steps of the Lincoln Memorial in Washington, D.C.. In his speech, he spoke of his wish for the future. His wish was that people of different races could live together peacefully in the United States. The speech was given to over 200,000 supporters. He spoke of the discrimination that the black men have faced even though they were to be treated as equals after the great Abraham Lincoln signed the momentous decree; the Emancipation Proclamation. The speech is very famous. Many have called it "the best speech given in the 20th century".

A Simple English Video about the "I Have a Dream" Speech

MI6

The Secret Intelligence Service (SIS), commonly known as MI6, is the United Kingdom's intelligence agency which collects intelligence about foreign countries. It is a branch of the Foreign Service, and reports to the Joint Intelligence Committee.

The service was formed in 1909 as the Secret Service Bureau, but its existence was not officially acknowledged until 1994. 

The service works with the Security Service (MI5), Government Communications Headquarters (GCHQ) and the Defence Intelligence (DIS). SIS deal with the United Kingdom's espionage (spying) activities outside the United Kingdom.

The headquarters are at Vauxhall Cross in London in a purpose-built building. In John le Carré novels it is called "The River House".

The National Audit Office (NAO) put the final cost at £135.05 million for site purchase and the basic building, or £152.6 million including the service's special requirements.



Banksia

Banksia is a genus of plants common to Australia, they were named after Joseph Banks. The "Banksia" are noted for their unique flowering.

It is a genus of around 170 species in the plant family Proteaceae. As Australian wildflowers and popular garden plants, they are easily recognised by their characteristic flower spikes and fruiting "cones". They can vary from woody shrubs to trees up to 30 metres tall. They are generally found in a wide variety of landscapes: (occasionally) rainforest, shrubland, and some more arid landscapes, though not in Australia's deserts.

They produce plenty of nectar,and are a vital part of the food chain in the Australian bush. They are an important food source for all sorts of nectariferous animals, including birds, bats, rats, possums and a host of invertebrates. Also, they are of economic importance to Australia's nursery and cut flower industries.

"Banksia" plants are threatened by land clearing, frequent burning and disease, and a number of species are rare and endangered.



Gollum

Gollum is a Hobbit from "The Hobbit" and "The Lord of the Rings". He is a minor antagonist of "The Hobbit" and a secondary antagonist of "The Lord of the Rings".

Sméagol went fishing with his brother and found the One Ring. He strangled and killed his brother and kept the One Ring to himself. For 500 years, he lived longer but became ugly. He was encountered by fellow Hobbit Bilbo Baggins, who took his Ring. Decades later, he has been captured by Sauron's forces and shared Bilbo's location.

In Peter Jackson's movie adaptations of both books, Gollum's motion capture and voice were done by Andy Serkis. He is digitally created by Weta Digital and is considered one of the most impressive features of the series, specifically the second Lord of the Rings movie. The screenwriters portrayed him as if he had Dissociative identity disorder.

Gollum, voiced by Andy Serkis accepted a 2003 MTV Movie Award for Best Virtual Performance with him yelling censored swears towards the crew, audience, Serkis and fellow book character Dobby from Harry Potter, whom he described as a "fucking fag". It was written by Philippa Boyens and Fran Walsh as a humorous response. The speech itself won a 2004 Hugo Award.

His distinct voice and his catchphrase "My precious" are well-known for fantasy fans and Gollum is seen as one of the best computer animated characters in a live-action movie.

Fairy

A fairy or færie (Old English spelling) is a supposed magical being that flies in the air. They are usually depicted as tiny girls or women. Some fairies have certain jobs, such as the Tooth fairy, who gives money or treats under the pillow of small children who have had a tooth fall out. 

A fairy tale is a story with a plot involving fairies. These stories are usually for children. Fairies come up in many fictional books such as ""Peter Pan"" and ""The Spiderwick Chronicles"".

Fairies can also be found in folklore. For instance, in Ireland and Scotland, fairies are thought of as creatures that were defeated by the human race thousands of years ago and now live in caverns in the world of Faerie. Sometimes fairies are believed to be a kind of angel. Other times, they are believed to be demons or spirits of the dead. Fairies are said to steal human babies and replace them with Changelings.

in Hyrule Warriors there is a playable fairy known as the Great Fairy.

1303

1303 (MCCCIII) was .





1306

1306 (MCCCVI) was .




1318

Year 1318 (MCCCXVIII) was a common year starting on Sunday (link will display the full calendar) of the Julian calendar.

<onlyinclude>

</onlyinclude>



1333

1333 was a common year.




1350

1350 was a common year.




1352

1352 was a leap year.




1353

1353 was a common year.




1355

1355 was a common year.





1376

1376 was a leap year starting on Tuesday (link will display the full calendar) of the Julian calendar.






1379

1379 was a common year starting on Saturday (link will display the full calendar) of the Julian calendar.




1385

1385 was a common year starting on Sunday (link wil1l display the full calendar) of the Julian calendar.




1386

1386 was a common year starting on Monday (link will display the full calendar) of the Julian calendar.




London County Council

London County Council (LCC) was the principal local government body for the County of London, during its whole existence (1889-1965), and the first London-wide general municipal authority that was directly elected. It covered the area today known as Inner London and was replaced by the Greater London Council. The LCC was the largest, most significant and ambitious municipal authority of its day. 

The creation of the LCC in 1889, as part of the Local Government Act 1888, was forced by a succession of scandals involving the Metropolitan Board of Works (MBW), its predecessor, which had not been directly elected. While the Conservative government of the day would have preferred not to create a single body covering the whole of London, their election promise to the Liberal Unionists led them to this policy. A later Government created the 28 metropolitan boroughs as lower tier authorities to replace the various local authorities in 1899; they assumed some powers of the LCC and shared others.

The LCC inherited the powers of its predecessor the MBW, but also had wider authority over matters such as education, city planning and council housing. It took over the functions of the London School Board in 1903, and Dr C W Kimmins was appointed chief inspector of the education department in 1904. 

Denomination (currency)

When dealing with money, denomination is the value of the individual currency. 

For example a one dollar bill, a 100 dollar bill, a penny and a quarter are all different denominations of money. A one dollar bill and a one dollar coin are the same denomination as they are the same value.

When countries form a monetary union, redenomination may be required and the conversion ratio is often not a nice even number, or even less than 1.
When countries that had a "pound (£) - shilling (s) - pence (d)" (£sd) currency system converted to a system which had pounds (£) and pennies (p) or dollars ($) and cents (¢) it was called decimalisation. In the £sd system, £1 = 20s and 1s = 12d, so £1 = 240d. However in the new systems £1 = 100p or $1 = 100¢ or 100c - a decimal-based system, hence the word "decimalised".


Episcopalian

Episcopalian and Episcopal could mean:


Simulation

A simulation is a way of seeing a thing happen without it actually taking place in the same way. A simulation can be used to predict what might happen without doing it, in case it is dangerous or too expensive or difficult. It can also be used to show people what will happen next, or what happened in the past. It can also show what people believe is happening in a place or time where it is impossible to know what really happens. 

There are research institutions just devoted to simulations, like, e.g., "The George E. Brown, Jr. Network for Earthquake Engineering Simulation" or NEES.

Simulations are used for many purposes, because in a simulation things can be controlled that might not be easy to control in real life. They can use smaller versions of an object or system for testing or practice. Smaller versions of things, like space ships or rooms, can simulate the real thing. They can also be safer, in place of a thing that is dangerous, like when astronauts practice in a swimming pool rather than in outer space. Astronauts practiced in simulations of the moon before they went and landed there. They use simulations of spaceships that move the way real spaceships do. Simulations often use computers. Computers are used to make simulations of what a spaceship's route might be on the way to the moon, to help plan the mission.

One type of video game is called "simulator games". These games let the player simulate doing different things. For example, in the game "Theme Hospital", players perform simulated surgery. "SimCity" lets players design and build their own simulated city. 



Peter, Paul and Mary

Peter, Paul and Mary were an American folk music group, most famous during the 1960s. The members are Peter Yarrow, Paul (Noel) Stookey and Mary Travers.

Their songs include "If I Had a Hammer" (also called "The Hammer Song"), "Puff, the Magic Dragon", "Leavin' On a Jet Plane" written by John Denver, and "Blowin' in the Wind", written by Bob Dylan. They recorded other Dylan songs, helping his early career. They made records, toured to perform, and appeared on television shows, including "The Smothers Brothers Comedy Hour".

Peter, Paul and Mary disbanded in 1970, but reunited later, made tours and recorded new music.

Mary Travers died on September 16, 2009, after chemotherapy treatments for leukemia.

Jennifer Warnes

Jennifer Warnes (born March 3, 1947) is an American singer. She first became famous during the late 1960s, and was a regular performer on "The Smothers Brothers Comedy Hour". She performed alongside Leonard Cohen in his 1984 album "Various Positions".

In the late 1970s, she had hit records including "Right Time of the Night" and "I Know a Heartache When I See One". In the 1980s, she sang duets with Joe Cocker ("Up Where We Belong") and Bill Medley ("(I've Had) The Time of My Life"), which were also hits. The singer was born March 3, 1947.

Super Friends

Super Friends is an American cartoon television series about a team of superheroes which ran from 1973 to 1986 on ABC as part of its Saturday morning cartoon lineup. It was produced by Hanna-Barbera and was based on the Justice League of America and related comic book characters published by DC Comics.

Warrabah National Park

Warrabah is a national park in New South Wales (Australia), 371 km north of Sydney.


Shepreth

Shepreth is a small village in South Cambridgeshire on the main line between Cambridge and London.

It contains a wildlife park (Willers Mill, a.k.a. Shepreth Wildlife Park), a nature reserve (Shepreth L-Moor) and one of the UK's only insect research laboratories.

Everest College

Blair College is now Everest College a for-profit college in Colorado Springs, Colorado. Everest College offers career college programs in many areas. The College was founded in Pueblo, Colorado as Brown's School of Business in 1897, changing its name to Blair's Business College in 1918. In 1981, Blair Business College changed its name to Blair Junior College. In 1996, the College was bought by Rhodes Colleges, Inc., a division of Corinthian Colleges, Inc. and the name was changed to Blair College. In 2006, the name was finally changed to the current Everest College.

Ilocos

Ilocos Region is a region in the Philippines. Its regional center is San Fernando, La Union. The region has four provinces: Ilocos Norte, Ilocos Sur, La Union and Pangasinan.

Inhabitants are called "Ilocanos" and they speak the Ilocano language.

The term Ilocos Region is derived from this term. However, the designation of Ilocos as the basis of the name of the region promotes the wrong notion that all the residents of Region 1 are Ilocanos. Because 28% of the inhabitants are Pangasinan people, who belong to a different ethno-linguistic group from the Ilocanos.

Bill Medley

Bill Medley (born September 19, 1940 in Los Angeles, California) is an American singer and songwriter. He was a founding member of the Righteous Brothers. He also had a solo career.

In 1987, Medley had a hit record with a duet he sang with Jennifer Warnes, "(I've Had) The Time of My Life". It was the theme to a popular movie, "Dirty Dancing".

Adventure

An adventure is something exciting that happens to someone. An adventure can be a made-up story, or it can be something that happens in real life.

People often like stories about a person or a group of people who go off and have an adventure. There is often some danger in the story. Enid Blyton and Edgar Rice Burroughs wrote stories about people who have exciting adventures. "Harry Potter" has lots of adventures: he meets strange people and gets into lots of dangerous situations.

People in real life like to have adventures. They may be explorers who like to go to far-away places where no one has ever been before.

Adventure sports are sports that are exciting and can be rather dangerous. Skydiving, gliding and rock climbing are adventure sports.

An adventure playground is a playground for children where they can climb, swing and jump on things. They have been made by adults for children to use and are normally quite safe.

An adventurer is someone who goes on adventures or does things that are risky.

Space travel is an example of a modern adventure.

An adventure game is a video game about adventures.

The word venture is a short form of "adventure". A "business venture" is a business project in which there is a lot of risk. "Venture" can also be a verb: "They ventured out into the storm".


Broom (shrub)

Brooms are a group of evergreen, semi-evergreen, and deciduous shrubs.

All the brooms and their relatives (including "Laburnum" and "Ulex") grow in Europe, north Africa and southwest Asia. The greatest diversity one can find in the Mediterranean region. Many brooms (though not all) are fire-climax species, adapted to regular stand-replacing fires which kill the above-ground parts of the plants, but create conditions for regrowth from the roots and also for germination of stored seeds in the soil.

The most familiar is common broom, that grows in northwestern Europe. One can find it in sunny sites, usually on dry, sandy soils. Like most brooms, it has apparently leafless stems that in spring and summer are covered with golden-yellow flowers. In late summer, its pea-pod like seed capsules burst open, often with an audible pop, spreading seed from the parent plant. It makes a shrub about 1–3m tall, rarely to 4m. It is also the hardiest broom, tolerating temperatures down to about -25 °C.

The brooms belong to the subfamily Faboideae of the legume family Fabaceae, mainly in the three genera Chamaecytisus, Cytisus and Genista, but also in five other small genera (see box, right). All genera in this group are from the tribe Genisteae (syn. Cytiseae). These genera are all closely related and share similar characteristics of dense, slender green stems and very small leaves, adaptations to dry growing conditions. Most of the species have yellow flowers, but a few have white, orange, red, pink or purple flowers.

A traditional rhyme from Sussex says: "Sweep the house with blossed broom in May/sweep the head of the household away." Despite this, it was also common to include a decorated bundle of broom at weddings. Ashes of broom were used to treat dropsy, while its strong smell was said to be able to tame wild horses and dogs.


Broom

A broom is a cleaning tool. It consists of stiff fibres attached to, and roughly parallel to, a cylindrical handle, the broomstick. In the context of witchcraft, "broomstick" is likely to refer to the broom as a whole. A smaller whisk broom or brush is sometimes called a duster.

Brooms have changed very much in their construction, since they developed from ad-hoc use of branches and bundles of several natural fibres. Originally, all brooms were round, a shape that is easy to construct but inefficient for actually sweeping. Brooms could be attached to a handle, either short for a whisk broom, or long for a broom used to sweep the floor or fireplace. The word for the tool was originally "besom", "broom" simply being the material of which it was normally made. The fibres used in modern brooms are from broom corn. They are long, straight, durable, and bound together in the plant. The newest major change is the "flat broom", invented by the Shakers in the 1800s, which has far more width for pushing dirt and nearly all brooms produced today are flat brooms.

Brooms have long been connected with witchcraft, almost universally portrayed as medieval-style round brooms and associated with female witches. Despite the association with women, in 1453, the first known case of claiming to have flown on a broomstick is recorded, confessed by the male witch Guillaume Edelin.








Broom (disambiguation)

A broom is a cleaning tool which also had other uses, e.g. magical and for punishment.

Broom may also mean:





Cleanliness

Cleanliness means that there is no dirt, no dust, no stains, no bad smells. The goals of cleanliness are health, beauty, no offensive odor and to avoid the spreading of dirt and contaminants to oneself and others. In the case of glass objects such as windows or windshields, the purpose can also be transparency. Washing is one way of achieving cleanliness, usually with water and often some kind of soap or detergent. 

Since the germ theory of disease, it has also now means no germs and other waste. In industry, certain processes need conditions of exceptional cleanliness which are achieved by working in "cleanrooms". A very new idea is that ‘dirt’ may play a useful role in our immune systems. It is estimated that washing hands with soap and water could reduce diarrheal disease-associated deaths by up to 50%. A large percentage of foodborne disease outbreaks are spread by contaminated hands. Appropriate hand washing practices can reduce the risk of foodborne illness and other infections. It is estimated that washing hands with soap and water could reduce diarrheal disease-associated deaths by up to 50%. A large percentage of foodborne disease outbreaks are spread by contaminated hands. Appropriate hand washing practices can reduce the risk of foodborne illness and other infections. 



Washing

Washing is one way of cleaning, with water and often some kind of soap or detergent. Washing is an essential part of good hygiene and health.

Soaps and detergents help to spread the oils and dirt particles through the water, so they can be washed away. The spreading of oil through water is called emulsification. 

People usually wash themselves periodically.


Car wash (disambiguation)

Car Wash can mean:


The Wash

The Wash is the square-mouthed estuary on the northwest margin of East Anglia on the east coast of England, "where Norfolk meets Lincolnshire". It is among the largest estuaries in the United Kingdom. It is listed as a Ramsar site as being an important wetland area. 

The Wash looks on the map like a large bite out of the coastline of eastern England. It separates the curved coast of East Anglia from Lincolnshire. It is formed by a large bay with three roughly straight sides meeting at right angles, each about 25 kilometres (15 miles) in length. All the eastern coast of the Wash is in Norfolk, and goes from Hunstanton in the north to the mouth of the River Great Ouse at King's Lynn in the south. The coast on the opposite side goes from Gibraltar Point to the mouth of the River Welland and is all in Lincolnshire. The southern coast goes roughly northwest-southeast, joining these two river mouths. In the middle is the mouth of a third river, the River Nene.

The most famous thing that people remember about the Wash is that "King John lost his crown in the Wash". This is because, according to reports from the time, King John travelled from Spalding in Lincolnshire to Bishop's Lynn, in Norfolk in the year 1216. He became ill and decided to go back. While he took the longer route through Wisbech, he sent his luggage, including his crown jewels, along the seashore and across the mouth of the Wellstream where the water was not deep. This route was only safe when the tide was low. The horse-drawn wagons moved too slowly for the incoming tide, and many were lost. The whole area at the time was an extensive wetland known as The Fens, which was later drained. It is close to sea level.


Thar Desert

The Thar Desert (, ), also known as the Great Indian Desert, is a big desert in western parts of India and eastern parts of Pakistan.

It is mostly in the Indian state of Rajasthan. It extends into the southern portion of Haryana and Punjab states and into northern Gujarat state. In Pakistan, the desert covers eastern Sindh province and the southeastern portion of Pakistan's Punjab province. In Pakistan's Punjab province it is known as the Cholistan desert. Tharparkar District of province Sindh Pakistan is also a part of Thar desert. The Thar Desert is bounded on the northwest by the Sutlej River, on the east by the Aravalli Range, on the south by the salt marsh known as the Rann of Kachchh (parts of which are sometimes included in the Thar), and on the west by the Indus River.The Thar Desert, also known as the Great Indian Desert, is an arid region in the north-western part of the Indian subcontinent that covers an area of 200,000 km2 (77,000 sq mi) in India and Pakistan. It is the world's 20th-largest desert, and the world's 9th-largest hot subtropical desert.
Its boundary to the large thorny steppe to the north is not well defined. Depending on what areas are included or excluded, the nominal size of the Thar can vary.

List of shrubs

Those marked * can also develop into tree form.

Thyme

Thyme ("Thymus") (pronounced "time") is a genus of perennial plants. There are about 350 different species of thyme. They are herbaceous plants and sub-shrubs. They can grow to about 40 cm tall. They are the family Lamiaceae and native to Europe, North Africa and Asia.

The stems are usually narrow, sometimes even wiry. The leaves are evergreen in most species. They are arranged in opposite pairs, oval, entire, and small, 4–20 mm long. The flowers are in dense terminal heads, with an uneven calyx, with the upper lip three-lobed, and the lower cleft; the corolla is tubular, 4–10 mm long, and white, pink or purple.

"Thymus" species are used as food plants by the larvae of some Lepidoptera species including "Chionodes distinctella" and "Coleophora" species.

Ancient Egyptians used thyme for embalming. The ancient Greeks used it in their baths and burnt it as incense in their temples. They believed that thyme was a source of courage. It was thought that the spread of thyme throughout Europe was thanks to the Romans, as they used it to purify their rooms. In the European Middle Ages, the herb was placed under pillows. This was done to help sleep and ward off nightmares. (Huxley 1992). In this period, women would also often give knights and warriors gifts that included thyme leaves. People believed it would bring courage to the bearer. Thyme was also used as incense and placed on coffins during funerals as it was supposed to assure passage into the next life.

Thyme is widely grown as a herb. Usually it is grown for its strong flavour, which is due to its content of thymol.

Thyme likes a hot sunny location with good-draining soil. It is planted in the spring and later grows as a perennial. It can be propagated by seed, cuttings, or by dividing rooted sections of the plant. It tolerates drought well.

Thyme keeps its flavour on drying better than many other herbs.

Thyme is widely used for cooking. Thyme is a basic ingredient in French and Italian cuisines, and in those derived from them. It is also widely used in Caribbean cuisine.

Thyme is often used to flavour meats, soups and stews. It has a particular affinity to and is often used as a primary flavour with lamb, tomatoes and eggs.

Thyme, while flavourful, does not overpower and blends well with other herbs and spices. In French cuisine, along with bay and parsley it is a common component of the "bouquet garni", and of "herbes de Provence". In some Middle Eastern countries, the condiment "za'atar" contains thyme as a vital ingredient.

Thyme is sold both fresh and dried. The fresh form is more flavourful but also less convenient; storage life is rarely more than a week. While summer-seasonal, fresh thyme is often available year-round. Fresh thyme is commonly sold in bunches of sprigs. A sprig is a single stem snipped from the plant. It is composed of a woody stem with paired leaf or flower clusters ("leaves") spaced ½ to 1" apart. A recipe may measure thyme by the bunch (or fraction thereof), or by the sprig, or by the tablespoon or teaspoon. If the recipe does not specify fresh or dried, assume that it means fresh.

Thyme retains its flavour on drying better than many other herbs. Dried, and especially powdered thyme occupies less space than fresh, so less of it is required when substituted in a recipe. As with bay, thyme is slow to release its flavours so it is usually added early in the cooking process.

The essential oil of common thyme (Thymus vulgaris) is made up of 20-55% thymol. Thymol, an antiseptic, is the main active ingredient in Listerine mouthwash. Before the advent of modern antibiotics, it was used to medicate bandages. It has also been shown to be effective against the fungus that commonly infects toenails.

A tea made by infusing the herb in water can be used for cough and bronchitis. Medicinally thyme is used for respiratory infections. Because it is antiseptic, thyme boiled in water and cooled is very effective against inflammation of the throat. The inflammation will normally disappear in 2 – 5 days. Other infections and wounds can be dripped with thyme.

In traditional Jamaican childbirth practice, thyme tea is given to the mother after delivery of the baby. Its oxytocin-like effect causes uterine contractions and more rapid delivery of the placenta but this was said by Sheila Kitzinger to cause an increased prevalence of retained placenta.

"Thymus vulgaris" (common thyme or garden thyme) is a commonly used culinary herb. It also has medicinal uses. Common thyme is a Mediterranean perennial which is best suited to well-drained soils and enjoys full sun.

"Thymus herba-barona" (caraway thyme) is used both as a culinary herb and a groundcover, and has a strong caraway scent due to the chemical carvone.

"Thymus × citriodorus" (citrus thyme; hybrid "T. pulegioides" × "T. vulgaris") is also a popular culinary herb, with cultivars selected with flavours of various "Citrus" fruit (lemon thyme, etc.)

"Thymus pseudolanuginosus" (woolly thyme) is not a culinary herb, but is grown as a ground cover.

"Thymus serpyllum" (wild thyme) is an important nectar source plant for honeybees. All thyme species are nectar sources, but wild thyme covers large areas of droughty, rocky soils in southern Europe (Greece is especially famous for wild thyme honey) and North Africa, as well as in similar landscapes in the Berkshire Mountains and Catskill Mountains of the northeastern US.

There are a number of different cultivars of thyme with established or growing popularity, including:



Distribution

Distribution is the action of sharing something out among a number of recipients.
The word distribution has several usages:







Distributed computing

Distributed computing is a word from computer science, about using many computers to solve a big problem. One way to solve a big problem is to use a very fast computer called a supercomputer. Supercomputers are very expensive, and many scientists can not buy them. A cheaper way to solve a big problem is to split it into smaller problems, when possible. These smaller problems can then be solved by different computers (or processors), which talk to each other over a computer network. Because many computers work together, this makes them as powerful as a supercomputer. One example where distributed computing is used is the Great Internet Mersenne Prime Search.

Thymus

The thymus is a specialized lymphoid organ of the immune system. The thymus is in front of the heart and behind the breastbone.

In the thymus, T cells or T lymphocytes mature. T cells are critical to the adaptive immune system, where the body adapts specifically to foreign invaders. 

The thymus is where T cells develop from hematopoietic (blood-forming) cells. In addition, this is where the T cells get tolerant to cells of the body. 

The thymus is largest and most active during the newborn and pre-adolescent periods. By the early teens, the thymus begins to slow down. However, it continues to make lymphocytes throughout adult life.

Frequency distribution

In statistics, a frequency distribution is a list of the values that a variable takes in a sample. It is usually a list, ordered by quantity. It will show the number of times each value appears. For example, if 100 people rate a five-point Likert scale assessing their agreement with a statement on a scale on which 1 denotes strong agreement and 5 strong disagreement, the frequency distribution of their responses might look like:

This simple table has two drawbacks. When a variable can take continuous values instead of discrete values or when the number of possible values is too large, the table construction is difficult, if it is not impossible. A slightly different scheme based on the range of values is used in such cases. For example, if we consider the heights of the students in a class, the frequency table might look like below.

Managing and operating on frequency tabulated data is much simpler than operation on raw data. There are simple algorithms to calculate median, mean (statistics), standard deviation etc. from these tables.

Statistical hypothesis testing is based on the assessment of differences and similarities between frequency distributions. This assessment involves measures of central tendency or averages, such as the mean and median, and measures of variability or statistical dispersion, such as the standard deviation or variance.

A frequency distribution is said to be skewed when its mean and median are different. The kurtosis of a frequency distribution is the concentration of scores at the mean, or how peaked the distribution appears if depicted graphically—for example, in a histogram. If the distribution is more peaked than the normal distribution it is said to be leptokurtic; if less peaked it is said to be platykurtic.

Frequency distributions are also used in frequency analysis to crack codes and refer to the relative frequency of letters in different languages.

British Overseas Territories

The British Overseas Territories are the fourteen territories which are under the United Kingdom's sovereignty, but are not part of the United Kingdom.

Before 1981 they were known as colonies or "Crown colonies". The British Overseas Territories are also referred to as overseas territories of the United Kingdom, UK overseas territories, or when the context is clear, simply the Overseas Territories.

Each of the British Overseas Territories has a parliament, government and prime minister to make all laws, except laws about defence and foreign affairs. The British government manages their defence and foreign affairs. British Overseas Territories which have no local population or any population, have no local self-rule. If the British Overseas Territory is ruled badly, the government of the British Overseas Territory can be taken over by the British government and ruled directly by it, without the agreement of the British Overseas Territory. 

The territories of Jersey, Guernsey and the Isle of Man, though under the sovereignty of the British Crown, have a slightly different constitutional relationship with the United Kingdom, so they are classed as Crown dependencies rather than Overseas Territories. Unlike British Overseas Territories, the British government cannot take over the government of a Crown dependency, unless the government of the Crown dependency agrees. Territories and dependencies are distinct from the Commonwealth of Nations, a voluntary association of former British colonies which are independent countries.

In a historical context, colonies should be distinguished from protectorates and protected states, which though under British control, were nominally independent states, whereas colonies were part of the British state. They should also not be confused with Dominions, which, known collectively as "the Commonwealth", were independent states, held to be equal in sovereign status to the United Kingdom within the Empire and Commonwealth after the Statute of Westminster in 1931. Crown colonies, such as Hong Kong, were differentiated from other colonies in being administered directly by the Crown, without the degree of local autonomy found in self-governed colonies and other British overseas territories such as Bermuda.

The head of state in the Overseas Territories is the British monarch, currently King Charles III. The King’s role in the territories is in his role as King of the United Kingdom, and not in right of each territory. The monarch appoints a representative in each territory to exercise their executive power.

All the Overseas Territories have their own system of government, and localised laws. The structure of the government appears to be closely correlated to the size and political development of the territory.

Each Overseas Territory has its own legal system independent of the United Kingdom. The legal system is generally based on English common law, with some distinctions for local circumstances. Each territory has its own Attorney General, and court system. For the smaller territories, the UK may appoint a UK-based lawyer or judge to work on legal cases. This is particularly important for cases involving serious crimes and where it is impossible to find a jury who will not know the defendant in a small population island.




Promenade concert

The word Promenade Concert today usually refers to one of the concerts in the series started by Henry Wood in 1895, known today as the BBC Proms. However, before these concerts started there had for many years been promenade concerts in the parks of London. These concerts took place in the leisure gardens (parks) where people could walk about while listening to the music (French se promener = to walk).

People had to pay to go into the leisure gardens. There were lots of entertainments there, e.g. fireworks, dancing, acrobatics and music. The music was played by orchestras. Sometimes these orchestras played in bandstands, sometimes in proper buildings.

Vauxhall Gardens and Ranelagh Gardens were the most famous of these gardens. The composer George Frideric Handel had his music played there in the 18th century. The gardens were very fashionable until the 19th century. Aristocratic people, royalty and ordinary people all mixed there. Handel's "Music for the Royal Fireworks" was performed in Vauxhall Gardens to celebrate the Treaty of Aix-la-Chapelle. The composer Dr Thomas Arne was appointed composer of Vauxhall Gardens in 1745. It was here that many of his songs became popular, including "Rule Britannia". Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart and Joseph Haydn performed in Ranelagh Gardens on their visits to London. 
In the 19th century concerts of classical music became very popular. The conductor Louis Antoine Jullien conducted many concerts. His orchestra were even joined by the bands of the Royal Artillery or drummers from the French National Guard. Concerts were also given in Crystal Palace, the huge glass building which was built for the Great Exhibition in 1851.

Many English composers had their music played in these parks. The music was often long songs (ballads), or drinking songs. Sometimes choirs sang choruses from oratorios by Handel. Later in the 19th century the programmes included more music by famous composers such as Brahms, Liszt, Mendelssohn, Schubert, Schumann, Smetana and Wagner.

In 1895 Henry Wood started his series of promenade concerts. He wanted to educate audiences so that they liked good music. This series of concerts continues today in the Royal Albert Hall as the BBC Proms.


1392

Year 1392 (MCCCXCII) was a leap year starting on Monday (link will display full calendar) of the Julian calendar.




1393

1393 was a common year.




1396

Year 1396 was a leap year starting on Saturday.



1410

1410 was a common year.




1411

1411 was a common year.




1414

1414 (MCDXIV) was a common year starting on Monday (link will display the full calendar) of the Julian calendar.




1417

1417 was a common year.



1419

1419 was a common year.



1420

Year 1420 was a leap year starting on Monday.




1421

1421 was a common year.




1423

1423 was a common year.



1424

1424 was a leap year starting on Saturday.



1432

Year 1432 was a leap year starting on Tuesday.



1437

1437 was a common year.



National Air Traffic Services

The United Kingdom's National Air Traffic Services (NATS) is a company set up in 2001 to run air traffic control services. This means that NATS makes sure aircraft can fly safely across Britain, and that aircraft can take-off and land safely at British airports.

NATS is a private company, but the government owns 49%, just under half.

Before 2001 the Civil Aviation Authority (CAA) handled air traffic control.

Gal

Gal can mean the following:


Fantasy (disambiguation)

Fantasy is a genre of art, books, movies, television and music that uses magic and other supernatural things as a main part of either plot, theme, setting or all three. Fantasy may also refer to:


Transportation

Fantasy a cruise ship built by Carnival Cruises, which currently sails out of New Orleans to the Caribbean.

Czech Airlines

Czech Airlines was started as Czechoslovak State Airlines on 6 October 1923. This was when the Czech Republic and the Slovakia were one country. 

The company started flying "domestically" (only inside Czechoslovakia) in 1924. In 1930 they made their first international flight.

CSA stopped flying between 1938 and 1945 when the country was occupied by Germany.

When Czechoslovakia split into two countries, all of the Czechoslovak State Airlines stayed in the Czech Republic and became Czech Airlines. That is why Czech Airline's logo still says CSA : Czech Airlines

Arika Yumemiya

Arika Yumemiya is a fictional protagonist from the anime "My-Otome".

Arika lived with just her grandmother, who died when Arika became 15. The grandmother told Arika that her mother was an otome, and gives Arika a necklace from her mother. Wanting to find out more about her mother, and to become an otome like her, Arika walks to Garderobe (a school in Windbloom for training otomes). She meets a girl called Nina Wang, who is from Garderobe.

Arika is from the countryside, so she does not know much about the city of Windbloom. Nina soon becomes angry with Arika's clumsiness. When Arika tells Nina that she also wants to find Garderobe to become an otome, like Nina, Nina does not agree to tell her where Garderobe is, because she thought that Arika was not good enough to be an otome.

They save a girl who is called Mashiro from some men, and Mashiro leads Nina and Arika to Garderobe in return. But they are attacked by a robot called a Slave monster. Nina then makes a temporary contract with Mashiro to protect her, so that she can prove that she was a good otome. Arika finds this very interesting, when the Slave Monster defeats Nina.

They all run to a plane, and Arika's necklace shines, making the plane fly by itself. Nina sees the necklace and thinks that she might be Rena Searrs's daughter. A Five Pillar called Shizuru and an otome called Akane saves them, and leads them to Garderobe. Arika thinks that the otomes are good, and asks the headmaster of Garderobe, Natsuki, that she wants to become an otome as well. Natsuki agrees.

Arika is very cheerful, and seems to be a good potential for an otome, because she is strong. For example, when she saves Mashiro with Nina, she attacks the men with skill. When the nanomachine is put to her so that she can fight with Nina later on, she does not get tired easily. Her power might have come from her mother, Rena Searrs, who was a very strong otome.

But when she sometimes does not understand what is happening, she cries easily, but hides it from the others. She always tries to listen to what her grandmother said before she died. For example, the grandmother once said to her "never to give up hope in a dream," so she does not give up her dream to become an otome.

"Arika" in Japanese means a "place". "Yume" in her surname, Yumemiya, means "dream". Together, it means that Arika's dream is to become an otome, and she tries to find a place (Garderobe) where she can have her dreams come true.

Protagonist

A protagonist is the main character of a story. It can be used for any kind of story: in literature, a movie, a television show or a play. The protagonist is also called the central character or main character and is often the hero of the story. However, the protagonist does not always win and survive in a story.

Protagonists are usually moral and benevolent, helping other characters to change their badness to become good again, or defeating the bad characters. This is not always the case. For example, the protagonists in Psycho and Lolita are (respectively) a serial killer and a pedophile.

The protagonist's name can sometimes be in the title of the fiction he or she is in, for example:

That's So Raven

That's So Raven is an original Disney teen television comedy series. The main character is a teenage girl, Raven Baxter, played by actress Raven-Symoné. The original character name was Dawn Baxter. Then it was changed to Mariah Baxter, then to Raven Baxter when Raven Symone won the part.

Raven Baxter is a psychic teenager who can see the future. She sees the future in visions. She has to try to understand her visions. Sometimes, she tries to keep them from coming true.



In 2015, a Indian adaption of the show was made and it was called Palak Pe Jhalak.

Russian Armenia

Russian Armenia () is the time of Armenia's history under Russian rule from 1829, when Eastern Armenia became part of the Russian Empire to the start of the Democratic Republic of Armenia in 1918.

Ruben Studdard

Ruben Studdard (born September 12, 1978) is an African-American singer. He won season 2 of American Idol. His runner up is Clay Aiken.










Ruben has songs on an album that put together from songs on other albums



Monocotyledon

Monocotyledons are a class of flowering plants (angiosperms), whose embryo (seed) store only one cotyledon.
The APG II system recognises a clade called "monocots" but does not assign it to a taxonomic rank. 

You can recognize a monocot by its leaves: they have long parallel veins running down the leaf. In contrast, dicot plant leaves have a complex netted vein pattern on their leaves.

Monocots usually have a fibrous root system.


Hornsby, New South Wales

Hornsby is a suburb and shire in the northern part of Sydney. 

The name 'Hornsby' comes from a convict who became a constable. His name was Samuel Henry Horne, and he was given some land for helping catch two bushrangers, whose names were Dalton and MacNamara. He named the land he was given 'Hornsby Place' after himself.

Hornsby shire is one of the biggest Local Government areas of Sydney, with a population of 155,971. It consists of the following suburbs:


Hornsby station, Hornsby Westfield, Hornsby Library and many business buildings are in the centre of the suburb. The eastern side of the train line is often called the 'modern part' of Hornsby, and Westfield and the Hornsby Library are here, with many new towering apartment blocks. The western side of the railway line is home to Hornsby's main post office, court house, police station, council office, public swimming pool, TAFE college and many older shops and businesses. There is also an industrial area on the far western part of Hornsby, with many large warehouses and factories.

There are also many schools, including:

Hornsby Hospital and Mt Wilga Rehabilitation Hospital are two hospitals in Hornsby.

Hornsby is a place of many cultures, and many people from around the world live there.

The current population of Hornsby is 18,702.

Glen Campbell

Glen Travis Campbell (April 22, 1936 – August 8, 2017) was an American musician, singer and actor. He was born in Billstown, Arkansas. Almost all of his solo works have been in the country music genre. Before his solo career, he played guitar on rock and pop music records, including "Mary, Mary" by The Monkees. Campbell joined The Beach Boys for a short time, when Brian Wilson became ill.

Campbell guest-starred on "The Smothers Brothers Comedy Hour". Later he hosted a series of his own, "The Glen Campbell Goodtime Hour".

Campbell's hits include "Galveston", "By The Time I Get to Phoenix", "Wichita Lineman", "Try a Little Kindness", "Gentle On My Mind", "Sunflower", and "Hey Little One". Many of his hits were written by Jimmy Webb. In 1975, Campbell had his biggest hit, "Rhinestone Cowboy". The song became a phenomenon, and rhinestone-covered clothing became a fad.

Campbell had more hits, including "Country Boy (You Got Your Feet in L. A.)" and "Can You Fool?". His career slowed down in the late 1970s. He seemed to suffer from public overexposure. His romance with Tanya Tucker, a much younger country singer, did not help the way many people saw Campbell. He stopped recording, and cut back on his public appearances.

Years later, Campbell returned to recording and appearing on television. In the 1990s, people were again interested in his music and career. Personal problems, though, seemed to get as much attention as his career, for example, when Campbell was arrested for drunk driving. His music is still popular with fans, and is part of popular culture.

Campbell discovered in late 2010 that he had Alzheimer's disease. He announced the diagnosis in June 2011. He released his final album that year. He completed his last concert tour in November 2012. He died of the disease on August 8, 2017 in Nashville, Tennessee at the age of 81.





Symphony No. 7 (Shostakovich)

Symphony No. 7 in C major, Op. 60 is a symphony by Dmitri Shostakovich. It is also called the Leningrad symphony. It was composed in 1941. It is very long, lasting about 75 minutes. It was first performed by the Bolshoi Theatre Orchestra on 5 March 1942. Shostakovich was awarded a Stalin Prize by the Soviet government for the symphony.

Shostakovich gave the symphony its title because it is about what was happening in Leningrad in 1941. It was during the World War II and the German army had invaded the Soviet Union and blocked communication between the city of Leningrad (now called St Petersburg) and the rest of the world. Conditions were terrible: the people hardly had any food to eat and they were very cold in the winter. About a million people died during the siege. 

Shostakovich lived in fear most of his life because if Josef Stalin, the Soviet dictator, did not like his music he could have been sent to prison or put to death. Sometimes Shostakovich was made a hero by the government and sometimes he was told that his music was not good because it was not in the style that the government thought he should write it in. The symphony was very popular at first in countries that fought on the same side as Russia in World War II, as well as in Russia. It was performed many times in the United States and the United Kingdom. Many people in these countries liked the symphony because it seemed to show the Russians as heroes fighting to save their city from the Germans. Later, during the Cold War, many people in these same countries did not like the work very much, because the Russians were now their enemies and they thought that music written there was propaganda meant to show Russia and its leaders as better than other countries and their leaders. In more recent years, people have once more changed their minds about the meaning of the music. The music is now thought by some people who study music to show how cruel Stalin was as well as the terror of the Nazi invasion. Other people still think it was meant to support the Russian government and army as they fought the Germans, and to remember the people who died fighting.

One of the reasons it is so hard to know what the symphony means is that people disagree about when Shostakovich started writing it. If he started it before the war began, it is probably at least partly about the Soviet government, but if he started it during the war, it might be only about the war.

After the first performance on 5 March 1942 in Kuybïshev (now called Samara), it was soon performed in Moscow, and then in Leningrad, which was still surrounded by the German army at the time. A copy of the music was smuggled out to the West on microfilm. It was performed by Sir Henry Wood in London at the BBC studios on 22 June and the next week at a Promenade Concert. On 19 July it was played in New York by the NBC Symphony Orchestra conducted by Arturo Toscanini in a studio concert played on the radio throughout the United States.

The work has four movements:

The first movement is a long, dramatic movement. The middle part of this movement is a march, with a repeated rhythm on the snare drum, starting very softly, with the tune first heard in the strings who are playing "pizzicato" (plucking the string instead of playing with the bow). Each time the tune is played it becomes louder. People used to think that this theme was about the invading German Nazi army, but now some people think it might instead be about the way the Soviet government changed the city of Leningrad, or about both of these things. The second movement is called a scherzo. It is a more light-hearted movement after the tension of the first movement. The third movement is slow and full of strong emotions. The composer said that it was supposed to show the city of Leningrad at sunset. The last movement is faster again, and brings back parts of the music from earlier in the piece, but it is not clear whether the ending is serious or not.

The orchestra is very large and has parts for the flute, piccolo, oboe, cor anglais, clarinet, bass clarinet, bassoon, contrabassoon, French horn, trumpet, trombone, tuba, piano, harp, violin, viola, cello, and double bass, as well as many percussion instruments.

Persian Armenia

Persian Armenia means the Armenian land ruled by Persia in some time. The size of Persian Armenia changed over time.

Iuridictum

Iuridictum is an encyclopedia about law in Czech language made with a wiki, which means that anyone can change the encyclopedia or create new articles. The project was started in 2005 by Tomáš Pecina, former administrator of Czech Wikipedia.


Potential

Potential might refer to:


Rena Searrs

Rena Searrs, in the fictional anime My-Otome, was a powerful otome of the king of Windbloom, but she died from a war 14 years ago. She is later revealed to be the mother of Arika Yumemiya.

Her Gem (jewel) is the Blue Sky Sapphire.

Nina Wang

Nina Wang is a fictional character from the anime My-Otome.

Nobody knows of Nina's past, just that she was kidnapped by assassins when she was young. She trained to become an assassin with other young children, until a man called Sergay Wang came to kill the assassins. Sergay sees Nina, and decides to adopt her. Nina trains in Garderobe from then on, to become Nagi's (Sergay's master) otome. She grows to love her stepfather more than loving a father, and is jealous when she finds that Sergay loved a woman called Rena Searrs from a photo album.

When she first meets Arika, she is angry at Arika for embarrassing her. This is because Arika tried to catch a drink from falling and landed on Nina instead. Nina fell down, showing the inside of her skirt, and she felt embarrassed in front of other people who were there, for example, Sergay. It is her dream to please Sergay and so she pretends that her dream is to become an otome, because Sergay would be proud.

Kidnapping

Kidnapping is an illegal act of stealing people. It has been around for a long time. For example, there were slave traders in Ancient Rome who kidnapped people and sold them as slaves. If a parent steals a child without the other parent's consent it is known as parental abduction. Sometimes, kidnapping is done for ransom. Many times, people kidnap children, an example is Amber Hagerman.


Gurkha

Gurkhas (Gorkhas) are Nepali Soldiers recruited into the British Army, and now also recruited into the modern Nepali and Indian Armies. They are primarily formed up of the four castes: Gurung, Magar, Rai and Limbu. They come from the mountains of Nepal and are best known for their courage, honesty, and loyalty. 

The Brigade of Gurkhas are a part of the British Army. They have fought with the British for the past 200 years. The Gurkha unit in the British army has won 26 Victoria Cross medals and many other medals. The Gurkhas also work in the security forces of Brunei, Singapore, India and other countries.

Their symbol is the kukri or khukuri, the curved knife which they use as a weapon and a tool.

Moses of Chorene

Moses of Chorene () is known as the author of the most important mediaeval Armenian history. He is known as the first Armenian historian.

Decimal

The decimal numeral system is the most usual way of writing numbers. It has ten as a starting point, or base. It is sometimes called the base ten or denary numeral system. The word "decimal" is also used to mean the dot (".") that is sometimes used to separate the positions of the numbers in this system. Indeed, the dot is the default decimal separator in English-speaking countries.

Decimal notation is the writing of numbers in the base-ten numeral system, which uses various symbols (called digits) for no more than ten distinct values (0, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8 and 9) to represent any numbers, no matter how large. These digits are often used with a decimal separator(such as "." or ","), which indicates the start of a fractional part, and with one of the sign symbols + (positive) or − (negative) in front of the numerals to indicate sign.

There are only two truly positional decimal systems in ancient civilization: the Chinese counting rods system and Hindu-Arabic numeral system. Both required no more than ten symbols, while other numeral systems, such as Babylonian base-60 system, require more symbols.

Any rational number can be expressed as a unique decimal expansion. It may have to end with recurring decimals.

Ten is the product of the first and third prime numbers, is one greater than the square of the second prime number, and is one less than the fifth prime number. This leads to plenty of simple decimal fractions:


A straightforward decimal system, in which 11 is expressed as "ten-one" and 23 as "two-ten-three", is found in Chinese languages except Wu, and in Vietnamese with a few irregularities. Japanese, Korean, and Thai have imported the Chinese decimal system. Many other languages with a decimal system have special words for teens and decades.

Incan languages such as Quechua and Aymara have an almost straightforward decimal system, in which 11 is expressed as "ten with one" and 23 as "two-ten with three".

Some psychologists suggest irregularities of numerals in a language may hinder children's counting ability .


Numeral system

A numeral system (also called a number system or system of numeration) is a way to write numbers. Roman numerals and tally marks are examples. "11" usually means eleven, but if the numeral system is binary, then "11" means three.

A numeral is a way to represent a number. It may be a symbol or a word in a natural language, or a group of them. Numerals differ from numbers just as the word "rock" differs from a real rock. The symbols "11", "eleven" and "XI" are all numerals that represent the same number. Babylonian numerals, Greek numerals and Roman numerals are among the systems that were long used, before the Hindu–Arabic numeral system largely replaced them.

Various symbols are used as numerals to make numbers. A system with base 10 (the common decimal system), normally uses the symbols "0", "1", "2", "3", "4", "5", "6", "7", "8", and "9". Each of the numbers 0 to 9 can be written as one symbol, "0" ... "9". To count past 9, symbols have to be put together. "10" can be seen as "1" in the tens' place and "0" in the ones' place, or as "1 times 10 plus 0 times 10". With a base of 2, only the symbols "0" and "1" are used. "10" is therefore "1 times 2 plus 0 times 2". This is the same as 2, in the base 10 notation.

For bases bigger than 10, capital letters are used as symbols. For example, the hexadecimal numeral system (base 16) uses the numerical digits 0, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, A, B, C, D, E, F.

Today, base 10 is the most commonly used system. Computers use binary and people who study computers often use octal and hexadecimal numeral systems. Ancient Sumer used sexagesimal (base 60). New world used base 20. 

Most electronic calculations are done in binary (base 2), but most people do calculations in decimal (base ten) or duodecimal.


Mashiro Kazahana

Mashiro Kazahana is a main character in the anime My-HiME. Mashiro Blanc de Windbloom is her name in My-Otome.

Mashiro first meets Mai Tokiha when Mai is trying to find Mikoto Minagi, and Mashiro is seen in a rose garden with a maid. When she later meets Mai, Mai finds out that Mashiro is the chairwoman of the Fuuka Academy. She is calm and seems to know more than the people of her age, even though she is just 14. She knows about the Himes, feeling sorry for them as if it was her own fault that the Himes were created.

Mashiro Blanc de Winbloom is the queen of Windbloom, who is only 15. She is bossy and loud, parallel to Mashiro Kazahana. She gets angry easily, and when people say that she is a fake princess, she is surprized because she wants to be a queen so much. But a rumour says that the real princess was floated away in a casket, and that Mashiro was just a replacement for not finding the real princess. Mashiro does not look like the last rulers of Winbloom as well.

Chairperson

A chairperson is a person who presides over meetings, such as a board of directors for a corporation, or any other meeting. The chairman of a corporation is not the chief executive officer, and only conducts the meetings in most companies. 

Although "chairman" has been used for both men and women, some prefer to use the terms "chairperson", "madame chairman" or "chairwoman." The conduct of meetings is governed by the organization's by-laws or charter, or, more formally, Parliamentary procedure for government organizations or large meetings generally. Rarely the chairperson is called the "chair," though in educational institutions a "chair" indicates a specific endowed position on a faculty.

NeXTSTEP

NeXTSTEP was a computer operating system made by a company called NeXT. NeXT was run by Steve Jobs, who was the CEO of Apple until his death in 2011. NEXTSTEP was based on UNIX and used source code from BSD. It had a graphical user interface and it let people write computer programs using object-oriented programming. NeXTSTEP ran only on computers made by NeXT. Later on, NeXTSTEP was changed so that it could run on other computers. This new operating system was called OPENSTEP. In 1997, Apple bought the NeXT company and used NeXTSTEP to make Mac OS X.

Darwin (operating system)

Darwin is a free, open source, Unix operating system made by Apple Inc. It is named after Charles Darwin. Darwin is used as the base of macOS, but it cannot run macOS programs by itself.


Mashiro

Mashiro is a Japanese name meaning white. This is a unique name (not in the top 1000 newborn names in the US in 2021). 


Graduation

Graduation is the confirmation of the finishing of an university, military academy, academy or high school. Graduation is celebrated in a ceremony done at the day of that confirmation; the name of that ceremony is usually the degree day, commencement, invocation, or convocation. Graduation also means the moving of a student from one grade to another higher grade.

Loyalty

Loyalty is a devotion for someone or something. Someone who is loyal can be trusted, because they never betray the people they are loyal to. 

Being loyal can also bring good to business because the boss, or person in control, may let the person do something difficult but greatly paid. This is because loyal people are expected and trusted to behave responsibly.

Some firms (e.g. insurance brokers) may give "loyalty discounts" to customers who stay with them for a long time (who are loyal to the firm). Some stores may offer their customers "loyalty cards" to get some money off their purchases.

Loyal

Loyal may be meaning:

ITunes

iTunes is a media player made by Apple. It came out on January 10, 2001, at the Macworld Expo in San Francisco. iTunes is used for playing and sorting music and video files. It also lets users see and change what is on their iPod or iPhone. 
iTunes is a free download for Mac OS X and Microsoft Windows from Apple's website. The download is also included with QuickTime, a program used to play videos. It also comes with all Apple Macintosh computers, and some HP and Dell computers. However, on 3 Jun 2019, Apple announced that iTunes would not be available on macOS Catalina.

The iTunes Store is an online store built into iTunes. iTunes can connect to the iTunes Store if there is an internet connection to buy and download music, music videos, television shows, iPod games, audiobooks, podcasts, and movies. The files from the iTunes Store used to use Digital Rights Management (DRM) to prevent piracy. However, iTunes now sells music and videos called iTunes Plus, which are higher quality and have no DRM.

Some singers and bands do not have most of their music on iTunes yet: The KLF, Garth Brooks, Bob Seger, Def Leppard, King Crimson and Tool.

For a long time, you could not get music by The Beatles on iTunes due to a legal conflict between Apple Inc. and Apple Records. Starting in November 2010, you can now get music by the Beatles. It is very popular nowadays. There is a lot of advertisement by Apple for Beatles music.

Bill Kincaid had developed SoundJamMP which was released later in the year of 1999. It was later renamed iTunes which was then purchased by Apple in 2000.

As SoundJam was being worked on throughout the years, the interface of the site was changed to make it easier for people to understand how to use it. And added the ability to burn CDs, and removed its recording feature and skin support.

On January 9, 2001, iTunes 1.0 was released at Macworld San Francisco. Macintosh users immediately began to dig through iTunes’s resource fork where they discovered that there were so many other strings and other resources that indicated iTunes was a re-engineered SoundJam MP. Casady & Greene ceased distribution of SoundJam MP on June 1, 2001 at the request of the developers.


AAC

AAC is a file format for storing music or other sounds. It stands for Advanced Audio Coding or Advanced Audio Codec. It is used by Apple Inc. in the iPod and iTunes, by Sony in the Walkman, in all Android devices, in car stereos, any by many other devices. AAC is one of the standard formats that comes from the MPEG organization, the same people who invented MP3. Like MP3, AAC is a compressed format. It works by removing parts of the music that people can not hear. A good AAC encoder can compress CD quality music to about 10% of its original size without affecting the perceived sound quality.

There are several profiles (variants) of AAC. These are the most popular:

Various other profiles exist, but are not commonly used.

Here are some common AAC file name endings:

An AAC file that has only music and information could have a name that ends with either .m4a or .mp4.

A number of encoders exist for AAC. These are some of the most popular:

A KDE/Qt application for Linux/Unix called easytag will edit metadata about AAC-encoded files as long as they end with the .m4a extension. Typically, renaming files to .m4a and back to the original extension after editing is sufficient. This method can be used to configure typical ID3v2 metadata including cover art. This cover art is used by Apple's iTunes and their media players. Note that easytag does not have the ability to add chapter points into Audiobooks (.m4b).

WMA

WMA is a file format for storing music. It was made by Microsoft. It stands for Windows Media Audio. It is used in Windows Media Player and many portable music players.

I am an amazing person who knows all about WMA but am not going to tell you anything
Hidden

Hidden or The Hidden can refer to:


Regatta

A regatta is a term used to describe either a boat race, or series of boat races. 

Although the term typically describes racing events of unpowered watercraft, some powerboat race series are also called "regattas". Most commonly, a "regatta" is either a series of rowing, sailing or yacht racing.

Although "regattas" are typically amateur competitions, they are usually very highly organized, formally structured events, with complex rules precisely describing the schedule and procedures of the event. 







Touchscreen

A touchscreen is a computer screen that can be used by touching it with a finger or a stylus pen, instead of using a mouse or remote control. It can be described as a touchpad with a screen built-in to it.

Today, all kinds of devices, both big and small, use touchscreens. However, tablet computers and smartphones have made them popular and are the most widely known and used products that use touchscreens.

In 1965, E.A Johnson of England’s Royal Radar Establishment, invented the first touchscreen that was used in the U.K for air traffic control up until around 1995. The first resistive touch screen was invented by G. Samuel Hurst in 1975, and produced in 1982. Back in 1970, Hurst and nine friends discovered that a touchscreen on a computer monitor made for an excellent method of interaction. Pressure on the cover sheet allowed voltage to flow between the X wires and the Y wires, which could be measured to indicate coordinates. This discovery helped found what we today refer to as resistive touch technology (because it responds purely to pressure rather than electrical conductivity, working with both a stylus and a finger).

Much later in 2005, three friends from France created a multi-touch screen capable of tracking any numbers of fingers. By 2005, their company named JazzMutant released the Lemur, a music controller with a multi-touch screen interface. This new technology helped influenced the TactaPad also made in 2005. Two years later, in January 2007, the iPhone was released, which was controlled entirely by a multi-touch screen. It and the iPad, which came out in September 2010, were very successful and would eventually lead to more companies adding touchscreens to their products. They included Samsung, Sony, Motorola, and many companies who adopted the touch-friendly Android operating system.

In response to the popularity of touchscreens, Microsoft, maker of the Windows family of operating systems for personal computers, would introduce a new interface in Windows 8 in 2011, which has large tiles that are meant to be used with touch technology, like tablets. It would come out the next year, along with the Microsoft Surface tablet.

Because of how easy they are to use, touchscreens can be found in many places. Along with general computing and consumer electronics devices such as smartphones, tablets, smartwatches and personal computers, touchscreens are also widely used on kiosks, which are used for information systems in cities and museums. They are also found on machines including Automatic Teller Machines (ATMs), cash registers and retail point-of-sale terminals, GPS navigation systems such as those in cars and other vehicles, medical equipment and industrial control panels. The touchscreen built into kiosks use simple point and click interaction. Interactive whiteboards, which can be found in many schools, also use a simple form of touch technology.

Different kinds of touchscreens work in different ways. There are two main technologies used for touchscreens:

Unlike resistive screens, capacitive screens do not work if you touch them with a plastic stylus because the plastic acts as an insulator. Some stylus pens, such as the Apple Pencil for the iPad Pro, are made to work with capacitive screens. They are pressure sensitive and let you to do different things by pushing harder or more gently. For example, you can draw a wider or narrower line in programs like Microsoft OneNote and Adobe Photoshop.

My-HiME

My-Hime (舞-HiME, Mai-Hime) is an anime made by the Sunrise Inc. My-Otome is the parallel sequence to this story.

Mai Tokiha, the protagonist, is once of the Himes (Princesses) who are girls with power who fight against monsters and an evil organisation. 

Zodiac

The Zodiac is the twelve constellations in the form of animals, humans or objects.

The modern astrological signs are the simplified pictures of the signs used in the Hellenistic times. These are the twelve aspects the signs represent:

A person's Zodiac sign is determined by at what time and on what day they are born.

In the Chinese Zodiac, years match twelve animals in turn.

Artemis Fowl

Artemis Fowl is a series of books about a young criminal mastermind. The books were written by Irish author Eoin Colfer. The series currently has eight main books and two short stories. The first two books are have been made into graphic novels.


The two short stories are:
LEPrecon comes before Artemis Fowl, and is about one of the main characters, an elf called Holly Short. It tells how she moves to a unit in the fairy 'police' called LEPrecon (a word-play on leprechaun).
The Seventh Dwarf comes between Artemis Fowl and Artemis Fowl and the Arctic Incident. The Seventh Dwarf is about when two of the characters are trying to steal a tiara. They do not originally know they are both trying. They meet, and end up helping each other.

As the books advance, more attention is given to the moral progressiveness of the main character, Artemis Fowl II. In the first book he is shown as the bad guy, but further on in the series he is shown as a goodie.

Lee Hazlewood

Barton Lee Hazlewood (July 9, 1929 – August 4, 2007) was an American country singer, songwriter and record producer. He was most famous for writing the song "These Boots Are Made For Walking" for Nancy Sinatra. He was born in Mannford, Oklahoma.

Hazlewood died of kidney cancer on August 4, 2007 in Henderson, Nevada at the age of 78.


Boundary

Boundary may mean:


Decimal separator

The decimal separator is a symbol used to mark the border between the integer and the fractional parts of a decimal numeral. This symbol can be a period ("."), as is common in United States and other English-speaking countries, or a comma (","), as in continental Europe. Decimal point and decimal comma are also common names for the decimal separator. For example, 9.5 means nine and one half in English speaking countries, while in many European countries, the same number might be written as 9,5.


Moving Picture Experts Group

The Moving Picture Experts Group, or MPEG for short, is a group of people that figure out ways to put music and video onto computers. Then they publish this information for people to use.

MPEG invented a number of file formats for music and video.

MP3 and AAC, which are two of MPEG's music formats, are very popular. The MPEG-2 video format, used in DVDs, is also very popular.

Companies like Apple use MPEG formats in iTunes and the iPod. Many YouTube videos use the MPEG-4 format, which sometimes goes by the brand names DivX™ or Xvid.

Princess Iman bint Al Hussein

Princess Iman bint Al Hussein (born April 24, 1983) is the daughter of the late King Hussein of Jordan and Queen Noor. She is the half-sister of the present Jordanian king, Abdullah II. Princess Iman was educated at the Royal Military Academy Sandhurst in England.

Clannad

Clannad are a musical group from Gweedore, in County Donegal, which is in the north-west of Ireland. They are very famous for their haunting sound that has been used in many Hollywood movies. They have sold over 20 million albums all over the world and won a Grammy award in 1999. They are brothers and sisters Máire, Ciarán, and Pól Brennan and their uncles Noel and Pádraig Duggan. Their younger sister Enya was once part of the group.
Altan
Their first language is Gaelic and many of their songs are sung in that language.


Nicole Vaidišová

Nicole Vaidišová (born 23 April 1989 in Nuremberg) is a Czech professional female tennis player. 

She became a tennis professional in 2003, and debuted in several ITF tournaments. She measures at and weighs . She enjoys reading, watching movies, yoga, and bike riding. Her favorite city is New York City. She speaks German, English, Czech, and is learning French.





Tatiana Golovin

Tatiana Golovin (born 25 January 1988 in Moscow, Russia) is a professional female tennis player. She moved to Paris, France and earned French citizenship. She won the 2004 French Open mixed-doubles event with Richard Gasquet. She lives in Miami, Florida. She speaks English and French.





Home row

The home row is the middle row on a standard computer keyboard. On a QWERTY keyboard, the home row consists of the letters ASDFGHJKL, and the characters ; (the semi-colon) and ' (the apostrophe).

Arzashkun

Arzashkun () was a capital city of the Kingdom of Urartu in the 9th century B.C. It is thought that the city was located north of Lake Van in what is now eastern Turkey. The city had two walls and towers. It was protected from attack, by a thick forest. An army could not easily travel through this forest. 

The nation of Urartu was at the headwaters of the river Tigris in the 9th century B.C. Shalmaneser III, king of Assyria thought that Urartu was a danger to Assyria. He started an expedition to Urartu in 857. He said that he destroyed the capital, Arzashkun. He also claimed that he traveled as far as Lake Van and left his inscription on Mount Irritia.

It is believed that the name "Arzashkun" is the Assyrian form of an Armenian name.


Kingdom of Urartu

Kingdom of Urartu (Assyrian: māt Urarṭu, Babylonian: Urashtu, Hebrew: אֲרָרָט, Ararat), was an Iron Age kingdom. Territory of the ancient Kingdom of Urartu extended over the modern frontiers of Turkey, Iran, Iraq, and the Republic of Armenia. Its center was the Armenian highland between Lake Van, Lake Urmia, and Lake Sevan. During the seventh century, the Urartians collaborated with a combination of Scythians and Cimmerians in their jockeying for power, but by 590, having been weakened in the constant rivalry between Assyrians, Babylonians, Scythians, and Medes, Urartu was swallowed by the Medes. 

Armenians are the heirs of the Urartians. A. E. Redgate says that the Urartians are the "most easily identifiable" ancestors of the Armenians. Philip D. Curtin defined the Kingdom of Urartu as an Armenian kingdom. 

Caucasus Mountains

The Caucasus Mountains is a mountain range in Eurasia. They are in the Caucasus region between the Black Sea in the west and the Caspian Sea in the east. The Greater Caucasus divide Europe from Asia. The Lesser Caucasus are south of there. 


Hayk

Hayk (Armenian:Հայկ, also known as Haik), in Armenian legend, was the founder of the Armenian nation. His story is found mostly in the 5th century historian Moses Khorenatsi's book "History of Armenia".

According to Moses Khorenatsi, Hayk is the son of Torgom (Togarmah), the son of Gomer, the son of Japheth. Hayk is also called the founder of the Haykazuni dynasty. According to the historian Juansher, Hayk "was prince of the seven brothers and stood in service to the giant Nimrod (Nebrovt') who first ruled the entire world as king."

Hayk is also the name of the constellation Orion in the Armenian Bible (Job 38:31)

According to Moses Khorenatsi, after Hayk the son of Torgom became father to Armeneak while living in Babylon, because the arrogant Titan Bel (who is Nimrod, according to Moses) has made himself king of the world, Hayk moves with his family and 300 others to the land of Ararat, and starts a village called "Haykashen". On the way, he leaves one area for his grandson, Cadmus. Bel sends one of his sons to give Hayk a message, saying that he must return to Babylon, but Hayk answers that he will not. Then Bel marches against him with a great army, but Cadmus warns Hayk that he is coming. Hayk gathers his own army on the shore of Lake Van and tells them they must either defeat Bel or die trying, so they will not become his slaves.

After that, he finds Bel's army on a mountain. Moses says this mountain is found at Dastakert. Bel himself is seen in front of his army. In the middle of the battle, Hayk kills Bel with a lucky arrow and Bel's army becomes confused and defeated.

According to other writers, this battle was fought at Dyutsaznamart around Julamerk, southeast of Lake Van, in the year 2501 BC. Hayk builds a castle called "Haykaberd" and the village of Haykashen. He names the country where the battle was fought "Hayk" after himself, and today the name of Armenia is called "Hayastan" and the Armenian people are called "Hay", in their language. Also, in the ancient writings of the Hittites, there was a country called Hayasa in the area.


Mol

Mol is a municipality in the Belgian province of Antwerp.

In 2007, 33060 people lived there.

It is at 51° 11 North, 05° 07 East.

Maya (software)

Autodesk Maya (), commonly shortened to Maya, is 3D computer graphics software that runs on Microsoft Windows, Mac OS and Linux, originally developed by Alias Systems Corporation (formerly Alias|Wavefront) and currently owned and developed by Autodesk, Inc. It is used to create interactive 3D applications, including video games, animated film, TV series, or visual effects.

Gerry Adams

Gerard "Gerry" Adams () (born 6 October, 1948 in Belfast, Northern Ireland) is an Irish politician who was the president of Sinn Féin, a political party that wants Northern Ireland to join the Republic of Ireland. He was a member of the Northern Ireland Assembly in Belfast and was a member of the British Parliament for Belfast West. He does not go to Parliament because he does not believe that Britain should control Northern Ireland, this is called abstentionism.

Adams is a spokesman for the "Irish republican movement" or the "Provisional movement". This includes Sinn Féin and the Provisional Irish Republican Army (PIRA). The IRA is illegal in the United Kingdom and the Republic of Ireland, because it is called a terrorist group by both governments. Adams is thought to have persuaded the IRA to give up its war against the UK in return for devolved government for Northern Ireland.

From the late 1980s, Adams was an important figure in the Northern Ireland peace process, started when he met first the SDLP (Social Democratic and Labour Party’s) leader John Hume and later the Irish and British governments, and then other parties. In 1995 the IRA stopped fighting, and in 2005 the IRA said the war was over.

Adams retired from politics in February 2020.

Gerry Adams was born in West Belfast. He has 4 brothers and 5 sisters.

His parents, Gerry Adams Sr. and Annie Hannaway, came from strong republican backgrounds. Adams's grandfather, also named Gerry Adams, had been a member of the Irish Republican Brotherhood (IRB) during the Irish War of Independence. Two of Adams's uncles, Dominic and Patrick Adams, had been interned (jailed without a trial) by the governments in Belfast and Dublin. His uncle Dominic was a senior figure in the IRA of the mid-1940s, but not the chief of staff as some people say. Gerry Sr. joined the IRA when he was sixteen.

Adams's mother’s grandfather, Michael Hannaway, was a member of the Fenians during their dynamiting campaign in England in the 1860s and 1870s. Michael's son, Billy, was election agent for Éamon de Valera in 1918 in West Belfast but refused to follow de Valera into democratic and constitutional politics upon the formation of Fianna Fáil. Annie Hannaway was a member of Cumann na mBan, the women's branch of the IRA. Three of her brothers (Alfie, Liam, and Tommy) were also IRA members.

In the late 1960s, a civil rights campaign started in Northern Ireland, to get equal treatment for Roman Catholics Adams was an active supporter and joined the Northern Ireland Civil Rights Association in 1967. Instead of leading to change, the civil rights movement there were protests counter-demonstrators called Loyalists. In August 1969 there was rioting in Northern Ireland’s big cities of Belfast and Derry, and the Government of Northern Ireland asked for the British army to help keep control.

This is when the IRA and its political counterpart in Sinn Féin, restarted. Gerry Adams was active in Sinn Féin at this time. In 1970 the republican movement (that is the peaceful politicians and the fighters like the IRA who all want the United Kingdom not to control Northern Ireland) split. Adams aligned himself with the active "Provisional" part based in Belfast. The "Official" part based in Dublin was not interested in fighting for people in Belfast, and the "Official" Sinn Féin was more interested in spreading Marxism rather than making Ireland united.

In August 1971, internment without trial was introduced in Northern Ireland. Adams was arrested in March 1972 and interned HMS Maidstone, but was set free in June to take part in secret talks in London. There was a short-lived truce and some members of the IRA met with William Whitelaw the British government minister in charge of Northern Ireland. The IRA delegation included Sean Mac Stiofain (Chief of Staff), Daithi O'Conaill, Seamus Twomey, Ivor Bell, Martin McGuinness and Gerry Adams. The IRA insisted Adams be included in the meeting and he was released from internment to participate. Following the failure of the talks, he helped to plan a bombing campaign in Belfast known as Bloody Friday. He was re-arrested in July 1973 and interned at Long Kesh internment camp, which was later called the Maze Prison. After attempting to escape he was sentenced to imprisonment, which was also served at the Maze.

During the Hunger Strikes of 1981, Adams played an important policy-making role. The hunger strikes saw Sinn Féin become more important as a political force. In 1983 he was elected president of Sinn Féin and became the first Sinn Féin MP elected to the British House of Commons since the 1950s. Following his election (as MP for Belfast West) the British government lifted a ban on him traveling to Britain. In line with Sinn Féin policy, he refused to sit in the House of Commons.

On 14 March 1984, Adams was seriously wounded in an assassination attempt when several Ulster Freedom Fighters (UFF) gunmen fired about twenty shots into the car in which he was travelling. After the shooting, undercover plain-clothes police officers seized three suspects who were later convicted and sentenced. One of the three was John Gregg. Adams claimed that the British army had prior knowledge of the attack and allowed it to go ahead.

Adams has often said that he has never been a member of the Provisional Irish Republican Army (IRA). However, several writers and journalists such as Ed Moloney, Richard English, Peter Taylor and Mark Urban have all said Adams was part of the IRA leadership during the 1970s. Adams has called Moloney's claims "libellous."

In 1978, Gerry Adams became joint-vice-president of Sinn Féin and he led a challenge to the Sinn Féin leadership of President Ruairí Ó Brádaigh and joint-Vice President Dáithí Ó Conaill. Others who supported Adams and were from Belfast included Jim Gibney, Tom Hartley, and Danny Morrison. Some say Ruairí Ó Brádaigh was a more traditional Irish nationalist and that the northern leadership which surrounded Adams wanted to act faster and in different ways if they had to.

The 1975 IRA-British truce is often viewed as the event that began the challenge to the original Provisional Sinn Féin leadership, which was said to be Southern-based and dominated by southerners like Ó Brádaigh and Ó Conaill. However, the Chief of Staff of the IRA at the time, Seamus Twomey, was a senior figure from Belfast. Others in the leadership also lived in the North, including Billy McKee from Belfast. Adams was supposed to have become the most senior figure in the IRA Northern Command because he wanted only military action, but during his time in prison, Adams came to thought about his ideas and became more political.

It is alleged that "provisional" republicanism was founded on its opposition to the communist-inspired "broad front" politics of the Cathal Goulding-led Official IRA, but this too is disputed.

Some of the main reasons that the Provisional IRA was founded in December 1969 and provisional Sinn Féin was founded in January 1970, was that people like Ó Brádaigh, O'Connell, and Billy McKee wanted new political bodies and did not want to work in or with the existing bodies such as the Parliament in London. Another was the failure of the Goulding leadership to defend nationalist areas against attacks by Loyalists and sometimes even the police. At the December 1969 IRA convention and the January 1970 Sinn Féin Ard Fheis (the Irish words for a party conference or convention) the delegates voted to participate in the Dublin (Leinster House), Belfast (Stormont) and London (Westminster) parliaments, the organizations split into Provisional and Official parts. Gerry Adams, who had joined the Republican Movement in the early 1960s, did not go with the Provisionals until later in 1970.

Republicans like Ruairí Ó Brádaigh said that the only legitimate country in Ireland was the Irish Republic declared in 1916. They said the legal government was the IRA Army Council because the last remaining anti-Anglo-Irish Treaty deputies of the Second Dáil made them the government. (Adams agreed to this idea of republican political legitimacy until quite recently - however in his 2005 speech to the Sinn Féin Ard Fheis he rejected it.)

When Sinn Féin any won seats in the British or Irish parliaments they never went to the parliaments. At its 1986 Ard Fheis, Sinn Féin changed its and constitution to allow its members to sit in the Dublin parliament (Leinster House/Dáil Éireann). This made Ruairí Ó Brádaigh lead a small walkout, just as he had done years earlier to create Provisional Sinn Féin. This minority which still believed in abstentionism, called themselves Republican Sinn Féin (or Sinn Féin Poblachtach in Irish), and says that they are the true Sinn Féin.

Adams' leadership of Sinn Féin was supported by a Northern-based group that included Danny Morrison and Martin McGuinness. Adams and others, over time, pointed to Sinn Féin election wins in the early and mid-1980s, when hunger strikers Bobby Sands and Kieran Doherty were elected to the British House of Commons and Dáil Éireann, and they pushed to get Sinn Féin to become more political and less paramilitary. This policy was a success and Adams and McGuinness, and others were elected to the House of Commons, but never attend. Sinn Féin still abstains from Westminster.

At this time most ordinary people in Britain knew about Adams because they could not hear him. Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher banned radio and television stations from broadcasting his voice. All Irish republican organizations and loyalist terrorist organizations were banned like this, but Adams was the only person important enough to appear regularly on TV. This ban was imposed after the BBC interviewed Martin McGuinness. and the British Government thought that some groups were getting too much publicity.

A similar ban, known as Section 31, had been the law in the Republic of Ireland since the 1970s. However, media outlets soon found ways around the ban, first by the use of subtitles, and later and more commonly by using actors to read his words over the pictures of him speaking.

This ban was made fun of in cartoons and satirical TV shows, notably "Spitting Image", and in "The Day Today". It was also criticized by freedom of speech organizations worldwide and British media personalities, including BBC Director-General John Birt and BBC foreign editor John Simpson. The ban was lifted by Prime Minister John Major on 17 September 1994.

Sinn Féin continued its policy of refusing to sit in the Westminster parliament even after Adams won the Belfast West constituency. He lost his seat to Joe Hendron of the Social Democratic and Labour Party (SDLP) in the 1992 general election. However, he easily regained it at the next election in May 1997.

Under Adams, Sinn Féin moved away from being a political voice of the Provisional IRA to becoming a professionally organized political party in both Northern Ireland and the Republic of Ireland.

SDLP leader John Hume MP realized that a negotiated settlement might be possible and began secret talks with Adams in 1988. These discussions led to unofficial contacts with the British Northern Ireland Office under the Secretary of State for Northern Ireland, Peter Brooke, and with the government of the Republic under Charles Haughey – although both governments maintained in public that they would not negotiate with "terrorists".

These talks provided the basis for what was later to be the Belfast Agreement, as well as the Downing Street Declaration and the Joint Framework Document.

These negotiations led to the IRA ceasefire in August 1994. The new Irish Taoiseach (prime minister) Albert Reynolds had played a key role in the Hume/Adams talks through his Special Advisor Martin Mansergh, thought the ceasefire as permanent. However, the IRA ended its ceasefire because of the slow pace of developments, partly because British prime minister John Major needed the votes of the Ulster Unionist Party in the House of Commons.

Later there was a new ceasefire, and there were talks between teams from the British and Irish governments, the Ulster Unionist Party, the SDLP, Sinn Féin and representatives of loyalist paramilitary organizations, under the chairmanship of former United States Senator Mitchell. The talks produced the Belfast Agreement (also called the "Good Friday Agreement" as it was signed on Good Friday, 1998). Under the agreement, structures were created to show that some people on the island of Ireland were Irish and others wanted to be British. A British-Irish Council and the Northern Ireland Assembly were set up.

Articles 2 and 3 of the Republic's constitution, "Bunreacht na hÉireann", which claimed sovereignty over all of Ireland, were reworded, and a power-sharing Executive Committee was provided for. As part of their deal Sinn Féin agreed to abandon its abstentionist policy regarding a "six-county parliament", and took its seats in the new Assembly based at Stormont Sinn Féin ran the and running the health and social services and the education ministries in the power-sharing government.

Opponents in Republican Sinn Féin accused Sinn Féin of "selling out" by agreeing to participate in what is called "partitionist assemblies" in the Republic and Northern Ireland. However Gerry Adams insisted that the Belfast Agreement provided a way to make Ireland united by non-violent and legal means, much as Michael Collins had said of the Anglo-Irish Treaty in 1922

When Sinn Féin came to nominate its two ministers to the Executive Council, the party, like the SDLP and the Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) did not include its leader among its ministers. (When later the SDLP chose a new leader, it selected one of its ministers, Mark Durkan, who then opted to remain a minister.)

Adams remains the President of Sinn Féin, with Caoimhghín Ó Caoláin serving as Sinn Féin parliamentary leader in Dáil Éireann, and Martin McGuinness the party's chief negotiator and effective party head in the Northern Ireland Assembly. His son, Gearoid is a primary school teacher and has represented County Antrim in gaelic football.

On 8 March 2007 it was Adams was re-elected to the Northern Ireland Assembly.

On 26 March 2007, he met with DUP leader Ian Paisley face-to-face for the first time, and the two came to an agreement regarding the return of the power-sharing executive in Northern Ireland.




Northern Ireland Assembly

The Northern Ireland Legislative Assembly was set up after the Belfast Agreement to allow the people of Northern Ireland to run their own government and pass some laws. The United Kingdom parliament can still abolish the assembly, because Northern Ireland is not an independent country, but a part of the United Kingdom. The assembly comes together in the city of Belfast. The Speaker is Edwin Poots.

The assembly is elected using a form of proportional representation voting. The seats of each party after the 2022 election is shown in this table:


Northern Ireland Office

The Northern Ireland Office (NIO) was set up in 1971. It is a ministry in the British Government which looks after the affairs of Northern Ireland. It head is the Secretary of State for Northern Ireland.

The job of Secretary of State is less important now because the Northern Ireland Assembly and the ministers in the assembly do a lot of the work of the Northern Ireland Office. 

The devolution of police and justice in April 2010 transferred many of the NIO's previous responsibilities to the Northern Ireland Assembly and its devolved government, the Northern Ireland Executive. The Department of Justice (Northern Ireland) looks after those matters. This transfer of power resulted in a smaller Northern Ireland Office, similar to the Scotland Office and Wales Office.

Cyprian

Cyprian ( ; ; 210 – September 14, 258 AD) was bishop of Carthage. He was an important early Christian writer. Cyprian was a bishop of Carthage of Berber descent, many of whose Latin works are extant. He is recognized as a saint in the Western and Eastern churches. He was probably born at the beginning of the 3rd century in North Africa, perhaps at Carthage. At Carthage, he learned about classical (Paganism). After becoming a Christian, he became a bishop around the year 249. He died a martyr at Carthage. 


Flag of Cyprus

The flag of Cyprus is the flag of the country of Cyprus. It features a map of the whole island, with two olive branches below the map (a symbol of peace) on a white background. The map on the flag is a copper-yellow color to show Cyprus has large amounts of copper, from which the name Cyprus comes from.

The Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus, which is only recognized by Turkey, uses a different flag similar to the flag of Turkey.

Simon Barere

Simon Barere (September 1, 1896–April 2, 1951) was a Russian pianist. He was born in Odessa, Ukraine.

Barere died of a massive bleeding in brain during a performance of Grieg's Piano Concerto at Carnegie Hall with Philadelphia Orchestra.


Tomsk

Tomsk ( "Томск") is a Russian city, the administrative center of Tomsk Oblast. One of the largest cities in Siberia. Population 575 352 (2019).

Established under a decree from Tsar Boris Godunov in 1604.

In 1804, the government selected Tomsk to become the center for a new governorate which would include the modern cities of Novosibirsk, Kemerovo, Altai, Krasnoyarsk and eastern Kazakhstan.

Tomsk State University is the first university in Siberia (founded in 1878, opened in 1888). The Tomsk State University Library book reserve is considered to be among the richest in Russia.

Tomsk Polytechnic University is the first (founded in 1896 and opened in 1900) technical university in Siberia.

Siberian Medical University is one of the oldest (founded in 1930) and highest rated medical schools in Russia.

Continental climate, transitional from subarctic to sharply continental climate.

The annual average temperature is 0.9 °C. Winters are severe and lengthy (from the end of October to the beginning of April), and the lowest recorded temperature was −55 °C in January 1931.

Intelligent design

Intelligent design is the idea that life, or the universe, cannot have arisen by chance and was designed and created by some intelligent entity. It believes that the universe is so complex that it must have been designed by a higher intelligent being. This theory is that life did not evolve by natural selection. 

Intelligent design was developed by a group of American creationists to get around legal judgements like Edwards v. Aguillard, which said that creationism could not be taught in schools because of the First Amendment. The first use of the term in this form was in the creationist textbook "Of Pandas and People", published in 1989.

Intelligent design suggests that life is too complex to have evolved. Scientists have discovered that even a single cell is complex. The genes in a cell code have a huge amount of information. Therefore that information, like computer programming, has to come from an intelligent source and cannot be made randomly. This is thought to be because the properties of entropy say things cannot grow in complexity by randomness. Law professor Phillip E. Johnson was seen as the father of the intelligent design.

It is also argued that although an amino acid could be made randomly, a protein (a long, shaped string of amino acids) is such a precise sequence and structure that it would be impossible to make by chance. Also, a protein or DNA would not be alive by itself; so a whole life form would have to be made all at once. This argument can be seen as a way of saying that natural selection could not have created life. It is argued whether that is a valid point.
A common example of this is a bacterial flagellum, which is essentially a microscopic animal version of a very efficient electric motor. The flagellum has lots of separate parts. It is argued that for the flagellum to form by evolution, every single one of the parts would have to be formed together at just the right time. However, scientists say this is not correct. There is evidence that the flagellum developed through evolution.

A religious philosopher, William Paley, said that life is more complicated than a machine (like as a watch.) He said that just like a watch was made by a smart designer, so were animals. This is known as the watchmaker analogy.

Many parts of different animals are very similar. Intelligent design could show that a common creator used the same good design ideas for all of them. This could be evidence of evolution; but intelligent design suggests that every part of an animal is useful and there for a reason, showing how smart the designer was. 

Evolution suggests that many parts of the same animal would not be useful or not good, because it happened by natural selection. In the past, it was believed that some parts of the human body have no biological function, but later it was proved that some actually do important things.

If animals and persons have similar parts because they came from a common ancestor, then the genes that code for these parts should be similar too. Sometimes this is true. But, other times similar structures are coded by entirely different genes, because of convergent evolution. These examples of this kind of different results in data can be used to claim that evolution is either wrong or right, causing arguments.



Riaz Ahmed Gohar Shahi

Riaz Ahmed Gohar Shahi (; born 25 November 1941) is a spiritual leader and founder of the spiritual movements "RAGS International" (now known as Messiah Foundation International) and "Anjuman Serfaroshan-e-Islam".
He is the author of many Urdu books on spirituality. The most popular of his books is "Deen-e-Ilahi" "The Religion of God" (2000) which has recently been republished by Hay House and translated into English, Arabic, Thai, Persian, Hindi and other languages by Messiah Foundation International.

RAGS International was renamed to Messiah Foundation International in 2000. MFI claims that Shahi is the Mehdi, Messiah, and Kalki Avatar.

Shahi was born on 25 November 1941, in the village of Dhok Gohar Shah in the district of Rawalpindi in British India. He is a fifth generation descendant of the Sufi Baba Gohar Ali Shah.

At the age of twenty, when he was the owner of F.Q. Steel Industries, Shahi began to search for spirituality. Eventually he became disillusioned in this search and returned to work. Shahi then married and had three children.

In 1975, he went to Sehwan Sharif for self-mortification. He spent a period of three years in the mountains of Sehwan Sharif and the forest of Laal Bagh in self-purification.

Shahi became popular as a Sufi preacher in Pakistan during the later 1970s. He formed "RAGS International" and "Anjuman Serfaroshan-e-Islam" in 1980. Of the two organisations, RAGS International is still active as Messiah Foundation International whereas Anjuman Serfaroshan-e-Islam was reported to have been dissolved and banned in Pakistan in 2011.

The CEO of Messiah Foundation International is Younus AlGohar. Shahi claimed to have met with Jesus Christ in 1997.
He and many of his followers have been convicted under Islamic blasphemy by an antiterrorist court in Sindh. After he fled to England, Shahi was convicted "in absentia", receiving sentences that totaled approximately 59 years.

Shahi was reported to have disappeared in London in 2001; afterwards, sightings of him were reported around the world of people claiming to have met and received spiritual guidance from him.
In February 2002, prior to any decision on appeals filed with the Sindh High Court, Ardeshir Cowasjee claimed in an article he wrote for "Dawn" newspaper, the Pakistani newspaper, that unnamed people who identified themselves to him as office-bearers of the All-Faith Spiritual Movement told him that Gohar Shahi died abroad, but this report was unconfirmed.
After Shahi's disappearance, his followers largely split into two organisations: the Messiah Foundation International and the Anjuman Serfaroshan-e-Islam. RAGS International was renamed to "Messiah Foundation International" shortly after Shahi's disappearance. Its current leader is Younus AlGohar.

Some sources report his death as of 2001, others as of 2003. According to the "Pakistani Press Foundation" Shahi died in 2001 An article from 2006 in the "Sunday Telegraph" reports that Shahi died in 2003, and a 2009 article in "Your Local Guardian" also says he was reported to have died in 2003. But none of these reports are confirmed as there is no physical proof of his body.
However, the Indian news agency PTI reported in 2008 that Shahi was based in the United Kingdom after being convicted of blasphemy by the Sindh High Court. This view is supported by the "Indian Express" which reported in 2008 that Shahi had fled to the United Kingdom and was presently based there. "Zee News" also supported this claim. The Hindustan Times has reported that he is "serving a life sentence".
The Messiah Foundation International claims that he merely disappeared.

Shahi's family, including his wife, five sons and a daughter, still resides in Kotri.

"Main page:" Messiah Foundation International

The teachings of Gohar Shahi have been a source of controversy. Some orthodox theological scholars say his teachings are blasphemous, 

Classical singers such as Nusrat Fateh Ali Khan and Ghulam Farid Sabri have been presented the message of Shahi, which they have praised. Nusrat Fateh Ali Khan was quoted as saying "The message of Hazrat Riaz Gohar Shahi is the greatest message I have ever heard." In "Qawwali" events in Japan and Germany, Nusrat Fateh Ali Khan personally distributed leaflets in favour of Shahi. Aziz Mian has also presented a "Qawwali" in praise of Shahi at a "Jashan-e-Shahi" event (which celebrates the day Shahi supposedly took the rank of Mehdi by Allah) event.

Shahi and his followers have made claims that are opposed by some mainstream Islamic theologians in Pakistan and abroad. Shahi was accused of claiming the status of a prophet but Shahi denied such accusations. His teachings have been condemned by Muslim religious leaders and the Pakistani government.

Shahi predicts that the world would end in the year 2026 due to a comet heading towards earth. He claims the comet will be the cause of "total destruction" though mentions that "in order to intimidate [mankind]...God plans destruction on a small scale".

Many attempts were made on the lives of Shahi and Younus AlGohar, including a petrol bomb thrown into AlGohar's residence in Manchester where Shahi stayed when he toured the United Kingdom. A man tried to attack him with a hand grenade during a discourse at his home in Kotri, Pakistan. A bounty was put on his head in Pakistan.

Shahi's books have been banned by the government of Pakistan, and his followers are not allowed to meet in public.
Gohar Shahi claimed to have met with Jesus in America. Shahi's supporters claim that his face became prominent on the moon, sun, nebula star and the Black Stone in Mecca, and that these appearances were signs from God that Gohar Shahi is the awaited Mehdi, Messiah, and Kalki Avatar.
The alleged images induced greater legal and religious opposition. Shahi has also supported this claim, saying that God had revealed the images of Shahi on the Moon and various locations, for which Shahi himself was not responsible, and if questions should be raised, they should be raised to God. Messiah Foundation International claims the alleged images to be signs from God, pointing to Shahi being the awaited Mehdi, and quote religious texts as well as sayings from the likes of Nostradamus, and Ja'far al-Sadiq to support it.

Journalists in Pakistan asked Shahi,
"Many believe that you are the Mehdi, and God has revealed signs unto them which say that you are the Mehdi, but you do not officially announce that you are the Mehdi. Why?" Shahi gestured towards himself and answered, "Does Imam Mehdi not know the law of Pakistan? He knows that the law of Pakistan declares that 'whosoever claims to be the Mehdi, put him in jail'. I have given the signs of his [Mehdi's] characteristics, which the Mehdi knows and none other. Now, it is up to people to recognize him and believe him".

On 18 November 1997, after appearing in court before Justice Rasheed A. Razvi of Sindh High Court Hyderabad Circuit, Shahi said, "The only justification to be Hazrat Imam Mehdi is the mark on [one's] back which can prove his existence."

Of the groups following Shahi, Messiah Foundation International claims that Shahi is the awaited Mehdi, Messiah, and Kalki Avatar while "Anjuman Serfaroshan-e-Islam" did not. According to MFI's website, Shahi is the Awaited Messiah, but they deny the notion that Shahi is another form of Jesus and claim that Jesus has also returned to support the Mehdi.

Gohar Shahi has authored a number of books, including one based on Sufi poetry known as "Taryāq-e-Qalb", roughly translating to the "'Cure of Hearts'". One of his most prominent books is "Deen-e-Ilahi" ("The Religion of God"), which is banned in Pakistan.

Works by Gohar Shahi include:
On May 17th, 2012, Messiah Foundation International republished "The Religion of God" with Hay House. As of July 1st, 2012, it was #5 on the publisher's Best Seller's List.

Messiah Foundation International considers Shahi to be the author of the "Goharian Philosophy of Divine Love", a set of principles upon which the organisation is founded. Shahi has also authored a monthly magazine, "Hatif-e-Mehdi", which is banned in Pakistan for allegedly containing material offensive to the religious feelings of Muslims there.


International Spiritual Movement Anjuman Serfaroshan-e-Islam

International Spiritual Movement Anjuman Serfroshan-e-Islam (ASI) () is a Pakistan-based organisation. It was made in 1980 by Riaz Ahmed Gohar Shahi. Its headquarters are in Kotri, Hyderabad, Sindh and Pakistan.

The purpose of this movement is to invite all man without any discrimination of caste, creed, nation or religion towards the divine love of God.
International Spiritual Movement Anjuman Serfroshan-e-Islam is divided into two branches one for men only and other is for women only. The ladies wing is led by Mrs. Gulzar. However, the president of men wing is Mr. Wasi Muhammad Qureshi, who was nominated by Riaz Ahmed Gohar Shahi as President of International Spiritual Movement Anjuman Serfroshan-e-Islam. Gohar Shahi himself is the Patrorn-in-Chief of International Spiritual Movement Anjuman Serfroshan-e-Islam.

In 1980, when Shahi formed the movement it had only five members, who are called founding members. Following are the names of the founding members of International Spiritual Movement Anjuman Serfaroshan-e-Islam:


Roman Curia

The Roman Curia ( Curia Romanae) is usually called "The Curia". It is the cabinet of Vatican City and the Roman Catholic Church.

Parts of The Curia look after the independent country of the Vatican. For example, The Curia includes the Vatican's courts.

Other parts of The Curia do jobs that are important for the Catholic Church. For example, the "Pontifical Council for Promoting Christian Unity" is in charge of meeting other churches.

All of the parts of The Curia that are listed on the Vatican's website are explained in this table.


In God We Trust

In God We Trust is one of the national mottos of the United States. The other is E Pluribus Unum. "In God We Trust" has been put on American money since 1864 when it was added to a two-cent coin. A law passed in 1956 made it a national motto. It is also the motto of Florida. 

Apostolic Nunciature

An Apostolic Nunciature is the embassy of the Holy See in a foreign country. The nunciature protects the affairs of the Roman Catholic Church, not just the Vatican City, and also liases between the Holy See and the Roman Catholic Church in that country.

The head of nunciature is called a Nuncio. The nuncio is the equivalent of an Ambassador, or a High Commissioner (Ambassador) in Commonwealth countries.

Some countries make the Nuncio "Dean of the Diplomatic Corps" (head of the group of ambassadors to its country). This is allowed by the international agreement about diplomats. Usually the Dean of the Diplomatic Corps is the longest serving ambassador in a country.

A pro-Nuncio was the name used for a Nuncio in countries which did not make a Nuncio Dean of the Diplomatic Corps automatically. The Vatican stopped using the title in 1991.

An Apostolic Delegate represented the Holy See to the church, but not the government, in another country.

Software development

Software development is the process of creating a computer software. It includes the software release life cycle of preparing a design, coding the program, and fixing the bugs. The final goal is software release of a product that serves the wishes of users.

Software product is usually a result of research, new development, prototyping, modification, reuse, re-engineering, maintenance, or any other activities.

There are 3 main goals of software development:


A software development process (model, methodology) is a system that is used to structure, plan, and control the process of developing information systems. Each model is defferent, more or less structured and is considered to be suitable to only some kinds of projects.

There are several stages of software development:


There are different sources of ideas for software products like market research. The next step is market evaluation. It includes a check of cost and time assumptions, economic feasibility, fit with existing channels distribution, effects on existing product lines, required features, fit with the company's marketing objectives.

This process is also connected with non-technical activities like human resources, risk management, intellectual property, budgeting, crisis management, etc.

An important task in creating a software program is understanding the requirements. The software engineers must accept the client's idea and adapt it to the working process.

After establishing the requirements, the engineers start creating a software design document. Design of the software means the high-level design of the main modules with a full picture of how the parts fit together. The language, operating system, and hardware components should be clear at this stage.

There are 3 next processes which are combined:


The deployment includes installation, customization, testing, and possibly a longer period of evaluation.

Software training and support are important because software is only effective if it is used rightly.

Maintaining and improving software is the stage to cope with new faults or requirements, it usually takes a lot of time and effort.


Gag (disambiguation)

Gag may mean:

Gag reflex

Gag reflex, also called "pharyngeal reflex", is a reflex contraction of the throat in humans that prevents anything to pass through the throat, except during normal swallowing. It is also named as "pharyngeal reflex".

Touching the soft palate results in a very strong gag reflex in most healthy people. The gag reflex can also be caused by touching the roof of the mouth, or the back part of the tongue. The gag reflex can be used to make someone vomit as well.

Cookie (disambiguation)

A cookie, is a small cake.

Cookies could also mean:

Flame

A flame is the visible part of a fire. It gives light and heat. It is the result of an exothermic reaction. The color and temperature of a flame depend on the type of fuel that is used to make the fire. A blue or white flame is often very hot, while a red, orange, or yellow flame is less hot.


Luna

Luna may refer to:

Kaliningrad

Kaliningrad (; ; German: ; ; briefly Russified as "Kyonigsberg") is a seaport and the administrative center of Kaliningrad Oblast, the Russian exclave between Poland and Lithuania on the Baltic Sea. Kaliningrad is the second-largest city in the Northwestern Federal District, after Saint Petersburg, the third-largest city in the Baltic region and the seventh-largest city on the Baltic Sea. It is the westernmost Oblast of Russia.

It is surrounded by NATO and European Union members Poland and Lithuania and is geographically separated from the main part of Russia itself. Borderless connection is only possible by sea or air.

In 2002, it had a population of 430,003 people. This was more than in 1989, when the last census was done. At that time, the city only had a population of 401,280. About 78% of the people there are Russians, 8% Belarusians, and 7.3% Ukrainians.

Until World War II the people were mostly Germans. Many fled during the war, and the rest were expelled between 1946 and 1949.

It was named Königsberg originally. The city had that name from 1254 to 1945.

It was the capital city of the German province of East Prussia, the earlier Duchy of Prussia, and before that of the Monastic State of the Teutonic Knights.

The Albertina University opened in 1544.
One of the famous people from Königsberg was the philosopher Immanuel Kant.

Roller derby

Roller derby is a sport played on roller skates. It used to be played by both men and women, but it was restarted by women. There are now a growing number of men's and mixed (or co-ed) teams around the world who are playing roller derby. 

For a long time, many people did not believe roller derby was a real sport. They thought it was like professional wrestling, because it had fake fighting and other things for TV. But in 2002, a group of women in Austin, Texas started playing it as a real game, with nothing fake. A TV show called "Rollergirls" was made about some of these women. By 2006, women in every big city in the USA and Canada were starting their own roller derby clubs. There were even clubs starting up in Europe, Australia, and New Zealand.

Two teams of roller derby players skate around an oval track. The track can be flat or banked (raised around the outer edges).

There are 5 players on each team:

The jammer is the only player that can score points. The jammer's team gets a point every time the jammer passes one of the other team's players. To score a point, the jammer has to play fair and stay on the track when they pass someone.

Jammers get a 2-minute time period, called a "jam", when they can score points.

Before a jam starts the blockers of both teams line up side-by-side, with both jammers farther back behind their own starting line. The jam starts when a whistle blows. Then, everyone, including the jammers get to leave their designated areas. The jammers and blockers alike are fighting to get their guy/girl through the pack.

The first jammer to get through the pack without leaving the track gets to be the "lead jammer". The lead jammer can put her hands on her hips when she wants to stop the jam early. Stopping the jam early keeps the other team from having time to score points.

Blockers and pivots try to help their own team's jammer get through the pack, and they try to slow down the other team's jammer. When the jammers are near the pack, everyone is allowed to bump into each other. If someone is trying to push someone from the other team out of the way, then they have to be careful how they do it. They can only push from the side, and they have to use their shoulders, the top part of their arms, their hips, or the top part of their legs—so tripping, shoving, punching, or pushing the other team's players from behind is not allowed. Or you will get a penalty 

Players who break the rules are sent to the penalty box for thirty seconds, leaving their team stranded on the track without them.

Even with these rules and safety equipment, roller derby players can get knocked down and get badly hurt, so usually only adults play "full contact" roller derby. There are junior clubs for younger players. SOME play without trying to knock anyone down. Others, like the Quad City Orphan Brigade (located in the Quad Cities (Iowa, Illinois)) play FULL contact and TRY to knock others down.

A roller derby game is called a bout. There are two halves played, which last 30 minutes each. The teams skate as many jams(runs a maximum of 2 minutes per jam) as they can until time runs out. The team with the most points at the end of the game wins.

Sargon of Akkad

Sargon was one of the first people in recorded history to create an empire, or multi-ethnic state. His empire included the land between the Tigris and Euphrates rivers, and part of what is present-day Turkey. His capital was called "" in the Akkadian language.

Sargon of Akkad may have been the same person as the first Sargon of Assyria (also known as Sharrukin or Sharru-kin). Sargon's empire would probably have included Assyria. He is listed in the Assyrian king list as the son of Ikunum and the founder of a dynasty. He became a prominent member of the royal court of Kish, ultimately overthrowing its king before embarking on the conquest of Mesopotamia.

Sargon's vast empire is known to have extended from Elam to the Mediterranean Sea, including Mesopotamia, parts of modern-day Iran and Syria, and possibly parts of Anatolia and the Arabian peninsula. He ruled from a new capital, Akkad, which the Sumerian king list claims he built on the left bank of the Euphrates. He is sometimes regarded as the first person in recorded history to create a multiethnic, centrally ruled empire, although the Sumerians Lugal-anne-mundu and Lugal-zage-si also have a claim. His dynasty controlled Mesopotamia for around a century and a half.

Sargon allowed the people of the lands he conquered to retain their local rulers and customs. They had to obey him, however, and pay a protection tax known as a tribute. Sargon's policy contributed to the preservation of peace and the loyalty of people throughout his empire.

The Akkadian language was made the official language of international discourse. During Sargon's reign, Akkadian was standardized and adapted for use with the cuneiform script, which was previously used for the Sumerian language. A style of calligraphy developed in which text on clay tablets and cylinder seals was arranged amidst scenes of mythology and ritual.

Judea

Judea or Judaea (, "Yehudah") is the ancient name of the mountainous terrain surrounding Jerusalem. Its location falls in present-day Israel and the Palestinian West Bank.

Judea was the territory of the ancient Kingdom of Judah. Judea lost its Nationhood to the Romans in the 1st century BC, by becoming first a tributary kingdom, then a province, of the Roman Empire. 

The first interference of Rome in the region dates from 63 BC, following the end of the Third Mithridatic war. 

After the defeat of Mithridates VI of Pontus, general Gnaeus Pompeius Magnus (Pompey the Great) stayed behind to make the area secure for Rome. Judea at the time was not a peaceful place. Queen Alexandra had recently died, and her sons were troubling the country with a civil war for power. They were Hyrcanus and Aristobulus. 

In 63 BC, Aristobulus was surrounded in Jerusalem by his brother's armies, and the situation was bad. He sent a messenger to Marcus Aemilius Scaurus, Pompey's representative in the area. Aristobulus offered a large bribe to be rescued, that Pompey quickly accepted, but later, he tried to accuse Scaurus of extortion. This caused his downfall, because Scaurus was Pompey's brother in law and was protected by him. The general did not like what Aristobulus had done, and put the prince and high priest Hyrcanus in charge of the kingdom. Judea and Galilee became tributary kingdoms of Rome, which meant that they had to pay tribute to the Roman Republic to buy their protection. 

Around the same time Pompey was defeated by Julius Caesar, Hyrcanus was followed by a member of his court, Antipater. Caesar and Antipater were both killed in 44 BC, and Herod, Antipater's son, was appointed as governor ("tetrarch") by Rome in 41 BC. He became the king ("basileus") of Judea in 37 BC, and was known as King Herod the Great. During his reign, the great port of Caesarea Maritima was built. He died in 4 BC, and his kingdom was divided among his sons. One of these was Herod Archelaus, who ruled Judea so badly that he was made to quit in 6 AD by the Roman Emperor Augustus Caesar, after his own people complained about him. 

The kingdom of Judea now became part of a larger Roman province of "Ivdaea". This was one of the few governed by a knight, not a former consul or "praetor" of senatorial rank, because its income to the Roman treasury was small, and the region was peaceful. Pontius Pilate was one of these procurators.

Between 41 and 44, Judea won a little more independence again, when Herod Agrippa was made king by emperor Claudius. After Agrippa's died, the province again went to direct Roman control for a short time. Judea was returned little by little to Agrippa's son, Marcus Julius Agrippa, in 48. However, there was still a Roman procurator in the area, responsible for keeping peace and raising taxes. When he died, around the year 100, the area returned once again to direct Roman control.

Judea was the stage of three major rebellions against the Romans. They were (see Judea rebellions for a full account):

After Bar Kokhba's revolt was stopped by the Roman forces, the emperor Hadrian changed the name of the province to "Syria Palaestina", and Jerusalem became "Aelia Capitolina" in order to embarrass the Jewish people by attempting to erase the nation's name from the region.


Major cities in this area are Hebron, Bethlehem, Efrat and Beitar Illit. 


Incubation period

An incubation period is the time it takes between the day a person is infected with a pathogen (something that causes a disease, like a virus), and the day that the person starts having symptoms of the disease. For example, if a person is infected with the common cold, it usually takes about one to three days for the person to start having cold symptoms. This means that the common cold's incubation period is one to three days.

With some diseases, like Human Immunodeficiency Virus (HIV, the virus that causes AIDS), a person can still give other people HIV during the incubation period. Even though the person with HIV has no symptoms, the virus is making copies of itself during the incubation period.

Many different things affect the incubation period for a disease. These things include:

Incubation periods are not exactly the same for everyone, because every person is different. Because of this, an incubation period is always written as a range (for example, "one to three days").

For many conditions, incubation periods are longer in adults than they are in children or infants.

Some diseases have very short incubation periods. Other diseases have incubation periods of many years. For example:

The New Yorker

The New Yorker is an American magazine that publishes articles, essays, stories, and cartoons about many topics. Though much of the magazine is about New York City, many readers are outside of the city. The magazine is known for its articles about politics, careful fact-checking, its cartoons, and short stories by many notable authors. It was founded by Harold Ross and the first issue was released on February 17, 1925. Though it was formerly a weekly magazine, it now publishes a new issue 47 times a year, with five longer two-week issues. In 2004, it had about 996,000 subscribers (people who paid to receive it).

The magazine has included short stories by J. D. Salinger, Vladimir Nabokov, John Updike, E. B. White, John Hersey, whose essay "Hiroshima" filled an entire issue, and Shirley Jackson, whose story "The Lottery" drew more mail than any other story published in the magazine.


Cataplexy

Cataplexy is a medical condition where people become limp when they are exposed to spontaneous emotions such as laughter, fright, anger, or sadness. People who have cataplexy will sometimes see that some of their muscles suddenly fail them. Cataplexy often affects people who have narcolepsy. Narcolepsy is a sleep disorder. People with narcolepsy tend to suddenly fall asleep. They cannot control when they fall asleep. Cataplexy is sometimes confused with epilepsy, where a series of flashes or other stimuli cause superficially similar seizures.

The term Cataplexy originates from the Greek "kata", meaning down, and "plexis", meaning a stroke or seizure.

Sustainability

Sustainability means that a process or state can be maintained at a certain level for as long as is wanted.

One definition of sustainability is the one created by the Brundtland Commission, led by the former Norwegian Prime Minister Gro Harlem Brundtland. The Commission defined sustainable development as development that "meets the needs of the present without compromising the ability of future generations to meet their own needs."

Sustainability relates to the connection of economic, social, institutional and environmental aspects of human society, as well as the non-human environment. Some overarching principles of sustainability include minimalism, efficiency, resilience and self-sufficiency. Sustainability is one of the four Core Concepts behind the 2007 Universal Forum of Cultures.





Brundtland Commission

The Brundtland Commission was created by the United Nations in 1983 to reflect about ways to save the human environment and natural resources and prevent deterioration of economic and social development. 

The UN General Assembly thought that environmental problems were global in nature and determined that it was in the common interest of all nations to establish policies for sustainable development.

The Report of the Brundtland Commission was published by Oxford University Press in 1987. The full text of the Brundtland Report can be downloaded as a copy of the UN General Assembly document A/42/427 - a 25 Mbyte [pdf] file. Also available from Wikisource Brundtland Report.

The report deals with sustainable development and the change of politics needed for achieving that. The definition of this term in the report is quite well known and often cited:

Mosleh Zamani

Mosleh Zamani (also referred as Moslah Zamani) was a young Kurdish man from Sanandaj, who was executed for "adultery" in December 2009 (under Iranian law, every sexual contact outside marriage, even if both people are unmarried, is adulterous).

Mosleh, who was arrested at age of 17 and spend four years in prison, was sentenced to death by hanging.

His case raised strong controversies, because of both nature of his crime and fact he was 17 year old (Iran, because of international obligations, is not permitted to sentence anyone to death for crime he or she had committed under age of 18).

The only person who could have commuted the death sentence is Ayatollah Mahmoud Hashemi Shahroudi, the head of the judiciary.



Climate change

Climate change is the climate of Earth changing. The Earth's climate has been much hotter and colder than it is today. Climate change this century and last century is sometimes called global warming, because the average temperature on the surface has risen. The last decade (20112020) was the warmest on record, and each of the last four decades has been warmer than any previous decade since 1850. The climate is now changing much faster than it has in the recent past. This is because people are putting more greenhouse gases in Earth's atmosphere, and they block some heat from escaping from the Earth into space. 

When people talk about climate change they are usually talking about the problem of human-caused global warming, which is happening now (see global warming for more details). But the climate of the Earth has changed over not just thousands of years, but tens or hundreds of millions of years. 

Sometimes, before there were people, the Earth's climate was much hotter than it is today. For example about 60 million years ago there were a lot of volcanoes, which burnt a lot of underground "organic matter" (squashed and fossilized dead plants and animals like coal, gas and oil). A lot of carbon dioxide and methane went up in the air. 

At times in the past, the temperature was much cooler, with the last glaciation ending about ten thousand years ago. Ice Ages are times when the Earth got colder, and more ice froze at the North and South Poles. Sometimes even the whole Earth has been covered in ice, and was much colder than today. 

There is no one reason why there are Ice Ages. Changes in the Earth's orbit around the Sun, and the Sun getting brighter or dimmer are events which do happen. Also how much the Earth is tilted compared to the Sun might make a difference. Another source of change is the activities of living things (see Great Oxygenation Event and Huronian glaciation).

Sometimes, before there were people, the Earth's climate was much hotter than it is today. For example about 60 million years ago there were a lot of volcanoes, which burnt a lot of underground "organic matter" (squashed and fossilized dead plants and animals like coal, gas and oil) so a lot of carbon dioxide and methane went up in the air like nowadays. This made the Earth hot enough for giant tortoises and alligators to live in the Arctic.

At times in the past, the temperature was much cooler, with the last glaciation ending about ten thousand years ago.

Ice Ages are long times (much much longer than glaciations) when the Earth got colder, and more ice froze at the North and South Poles. Sometimes even the whole Earth was covered in ice, and was much colder than today. There is no one reason why there are Ice Ages. Changes in the Earth's orbit around the Sun, and the Sun getting brighter or dimmer are events which do happen. Also how much the Earth is tilted compared to the Sun might make a difference. Another source of change is the activities of living things (see Great Oxygenation Event and Huronian glaciation).

Joseph Fourier in 1824, Claude Pouillet in 1827 and 1838, Eunice Foote (18191888) in 1856, Irish physicist John Tyndall (1820–1893) in 1863 onwards, Svante Arrhenius in 1896, and Guy Stewart Callendar (1898–1964) discovered the importance of carbon dioxide (CO) in climate change. Foote's work was not appreciated, and not widely known. Tyndall proved there were other greenhouse gases as well. Nils Gustaf Ekholm in 1901 invented the term.

The Sun gets a little bit hotter and colder every 11 years. This is called the 11-year sunspot cycle. The change is so small that scientists can barely measure how it affects the temperature of the Earth. If the Sun was causing the Earth to warm up, it would warm both the surface and high up in the air. But the air in the upper stratosphere is actually getting colder. Therefore the changes in the Sun are not causing the global warming which is happening now.

According to the United Nations’ Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC), the current scientific consensus is that long and short-term variations in solar activity play only a very small role in Earth’s climate. Warming from increased levels of human-produced greenhouse gases is actually many times stronger than any effects due to recent variations in solar activity.

For more than 40 years, satellites have observed the Sun's energy output, which has gone up or down by less than 0.1 percent during that period. Since 1750, the warming driven by greenhouse gases coming from the human burning of fossil fuels is over 270 times greater than the slight extra warming coming from the Sun itself over that same time .

Renewable energy or sustainable energy includes any energy source that cannot be exhausted. It can remain viable for a long period of time without running out or lasts forever. Examples are solar, wind, hydropower (water), geothermal, tidal and biomass. 

Sustainable energy choices play a crucial role in mitigating the impact of human activities on the environment. Here's an overview of some key sustainable energy options and their environmental impacts according to research: 

Sunlight from the Sun when converted produces solar energy. It is in abundance and freely available. The type of energy obtained is clean and easily renewable. It has low maintenance cost and can generate energy in any climate.

Another clean form of energy is wind. This energy is a plentiful source of renewable energy source. However, it is only available sometimes.

Through history, the use of wind power has waxed and waned, from the use of windmills in centuries past to high tech wind turbines on wind farms today.


Gro Harlem Brundtland

Brundtland has a degree from the University of Oslo. She also has a master's degree from Harvard University.

Allentown, Pennsylvania

Allentown is a city that is in Lehigh County, Pennsylvania, in the United States. After Philadelphia and Pittsburgh, it is Pennsylvania's third most populous city, with 125,845 residents as of the 2020 census. It is the county seat of Lehigh County.

The town is in east Pennsylvania about 45 minutes away from the Pocono Mountains. 

The city of Allentown was first home to people in 1735. It was then named a Northampton town (Northampton-Towne) in 1762 by William Allen, a rich shipping merchant, Chief Justice of the Province of Pennsylvania and mayor, or leader, of Philadelphia in the past. The town was made on a 5,000-acre area Allen got for money in 1735 from the sons of William Penn. Allen hoped that Northampton-Towne would become a commercial center because of it being on the Lehigh River and how it was near Philadelphia. Allen gave the area to his son, James, who built a summer home, Trout Hall, there in 1770.

On March 18 1811, the town became a borough. On March 6 1812, Lehigh County was made from the west part of Northampton County, and Northampton was made the county seat. The name of the town became "Allentown" on April 16 1833 because it was liked by people. Allentown was made a city on March 12 1867.

The Liberty Bell was kept away from the British during the American Revolutionary War in Allentown. After George Washington lost the Battle of Brandywine on September 11, 1777, the revolutionary capital of Philadelphia did not have defense, and got ready for the British to attack. The Supreme Executive Council of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania said that eleven bells, like the State House bell and the bells from Philadelphia's Christ Church and St. Peter's Church, should be taken down and taken away from the city to stop the British, who would melt the bells down to and make into cannons, from taking the bells. The bells were moved north to Northampton-Towne, and put in the basement of the Old Zion Reformed Church, in what is now center of Allentown. Today, a shrine in the church's basement marks the same spot where the Liberty Bell was.

Before the 1830s, Allentown was a small town with only local markets. When the Lehigh Canal was made the economy got bigger. The town changed with industrialization and became one of the United States' biggest areas for big industry and manufacturing. While Allentown was not as big as Bethlehem, the city right next to it, the iron industry in the area still gave many jobs to the city. Railroads, like the Lehigh Valley Railroad, were very important to move raw materials and made goods, and made many new jobs.

Allentown also had a strong tradition in the making of beer and was home to many breweries people knew, like the Horlacher Brewery (founded 1897, closed 1978).

Economic recovery in the early 20th century was caused by the silk and textile industry. The Adelaide Silk Mill, which was one of the biggest mills in the world, opened in Allentown in 1881. By 1928, there were more than 140 silk and textile mills in the Lehigh Valley which made silk the second biggest industry. By the 1930s, the silk industry was getting slow in all the world because synthetics were taking the place of silk. Catoir Silk Mill, the last silk mill in Allentown, closed in 1989. In 1905, Mack Trucks moved to Macungie, a small suburb of Allentown, which began Allentown's focus on big industrial manufacturing. Today, Allentown's economy is mostly service industries.

Allentown's climate is called humid continental. Summers are hot and muggy, fall and spring are mild, and winter is cold. Precipitation is almost spread throughout the year at the same rate. Allentown's weather is affected by the Blue Mountain, a mountain ridge from 1,000 to 1,600 feet high about 12 miles north of the city, and South Mountain, a mountain ridge of 500 to 1,000 feet high that is south of the city.

Mia Rose

Mia Rose (aka Miaarose) is a YouTube artist who sings. She was born on January 26, 1988. She has signed a record deal with NextSelection. Her real name is Maria Antónia Teixeira Rosa. She says she is Portuguese. She is currently recording songs with groups. Rose also works with Prez Wszeborowski, a 17-year-old music composer that has written "You're Pitiful" for Weird Al Yankovic, and also made beats for celebrities like Sean Paul, Busta Rhymes, Silva Sisters, The Millionairs, and The Anarckists.

Hepatitis A

Hepatitis A is an infection of the liver caused by the hepatitis A virus. Unlike the other common forms of hepatitis (hepatitis B and C), it does not cause chronic (long-term) liver disease.

When a person has hepatitis A, the virus stays in their feces. Hepatitis A is usually spread by eating food or drinking water that has been contaminated with infected feces. For example, hepatitis A can be spread by:

Hepatitis A can also be spread by having sex with someone who has hepatitis A.


There is no medication that can cure hepatitis A. In most cases, the infection resolves on its own. In most cases, symptoms last less than 2 months, although some people are sick for as long as six months.

Unfortunately, a small number of patients develop Fulminant hepatic failure, which is very serious.

A vaccine is available to prevent hepatitis A, and anti-hepatitis A immunoglobulin is also used.

Hepatitis B

Hepatitis B is a disease of the liver. It is caused by a virus. The virus is not spread by food or casual contact. It can be spread by blood or body fluids from an infected person. A baby can get it from its mother during childbirth. It can also be spread by sexual contact, reuse of needles, and transfusions of blood with the virus in it.

Infection with hepatitis B can be prevented by vaccination, where an injection is given which makes the body immune to the virus. It is recommended that all people are given a series of three vaccines over a few months when they are babies to ensure good protection against this virus. However, vaccination only provides 90% protection, it does not completely remove the risk of infection.

Some people who are infected are able to beat the virus quickly. Many people are infected for life. Usually they have few or no symptoms. Sometimes the liver is damaged severely, causing liver failure. A common symptom of liver failure is jaundice, where the person's skin and eyes turn yellow due to a build-up of body products which would normally be filtered by the liver. Another problem with hepatitis B is that it can cause cancer of the liver.

Blood tests can find signs that the liver is being damaged. If people have those signs, treatment for hepatitis B can prevent the liver damage caused by the virus. Antiviral medications are given, which prevent the virus from making copies of itself. However, once the virus is in the liver, it is not possible to get rid of the virus completely.

Mir

Mir was a space station created by the Soviet Union and later owned and operated by Russia. It existed from 1984 to 23 March 2001. When it was retired, it moved towards the Earth and burned up in its atmosphere. Mir is now replaced with the International Space Station. It was the first space station to be made out of multiple modules, unlike the previous Salyut series of space stations, which were only made out of one module.

May Queen

The May Queen or Queen of May is a word which has two different but related meanings. It can refer to either a mythical figure or to a holiday personification.

The May Queen is also known as The Maiden, the goddess of spring, flower bride, queen of the faeries, and the lady of the flowers. The May Queen is a symbol of the stillness of nature around which everything revolves. She stands for purity, strength and the potential for growth, as the plants grow in May. She is one of many personifications of the energy of the earth.

She was once also known as Maid Marian in the medieval plays of Robin Hood and of the May Games - she is the young village girl, crowned with blossom, attended by children with garlands and white dresses. Some folklorists have drawn parallels between her and Maia, the Roman Goddess of Springtime, of Growth and Increase whose very name may be the root of "May".

The May Queen is a girl (usually a teenage girl from a specific school year) who is selected to ride or walk at the front of a parade for May Day celebrations. She wears a white gown to symbolise purity and usually a tiara or crown. Her duty is to begin the May Day celebrations. She is generally crowned by flowers and makes a speech before the dancing begins. Certain age groups dance round a May pole celebrating youth and the spring time.

In 1557, a diarist called Henry Machyn wrote:

"The xxx day of May was a goly May-gam in Fanch-chyrchestrett with drumes and gunes and pykes, and ix wordes dyd ryd; and thay had speches evere man, and the morris dansse and the sauden, and a elevant with the castyll, and the sauden and yonge morens with targattes and darttes, and the lord and the lade of the Maye".

Translation: On the 30th May was a jolly May-game in Fenchurch Street (London) with drums and guns and pikes, The Nine Worthies did ride; and they all had speeches, and the morris dance and sultan and a elephant with a castle (saddle in the shape of a castle) and the sultan and young moors with shields and arrows, and the lord and lady of the May".

Many areas keep this tradition alive today, most notably the Brentham Garden Suburb, England which hosts it annually. This has the record of the oldest unbroken tradition although the May Queen of All London Festival at Hayes Common in Bromley has also been going a long time. A May queen is selected from a group of 13 upwards girls by the young dancers. She returns the next year to crown the new May Queen and stays in the procession.

A May Day celebration held annually in New Westminster, British Columbia, Canada isthe longest running May Day celebration of its kind in the British Commonwealth. This May Day celebration began in 1870. Archival film footage of New Westminster's May Day celebrations from 1932-1962 can be seen online at Quest for the Queens 


Mutual fund

A mutual fund is a kind of investment that uses money from investors to invest in stocks, bonds or other types of investment. A fund manager (or "portfolio manager") decides how to invest the money, and for this he is paid a fee, which comes from the money in the fund.

Mutual funds are usually "open ended", meaning that new investors can join into the fund at any time. When this happens, new units, which are like shares, are given to the new investors.

There are thousands of different kinds of mutual funds, specializing in investing in different countries, different types of businesses, and different investment styles. There are even some funds that only invest in other funds.




Modular Audio Recognition Framework

Modular Audio Recognition Framework (MARF) is a computer program that tries to understand voice, sound, speech, text and human language in general. In MARF, scientists and programmers write algorithms using Java. MARF consists of Lego-like algorithm pieces that can be added or replaced easily. MARF itself can be piece in other computer programs or used for learning, education, and making MARF itself better. A few example programs are provided to show how to use MARF. There is also a lot of documentation of the project. MARF and its programs are published under a BSD-style license.


Fullmetal Alchemist

Fullmetal Alchemist (in "") is a popular manga and anime series created by Hiromu Arakawa and serialized in Enix's (now Square Enix) "Monthly Shonen Gangan". The manga has been made into two different anime shows, one in 2003 which follows its own story, and a 2009 show which follows the story of the manga. A film, "The Conqueror of Shamballa" was made for the 2003 show, and "The Sacred Star of Milos" was created for the 2012 show.

The plot focuses on a world where alchemy is a main form of science. Edward Elric and his brother Alphonse, fail to resurrect their mother. When Alphonse's body is destroyed, Edward sacrifices his arm and leg during the alchemy in order for Alphonse's soul to be transferred in a suit of armour. Their friend, Winry Rockbell, makes prosthetic parts for Edward's limbs. As the series progresses, the brothers solve the case about the Philosopher's Stone, a forbidden material breaking the law of Equivalent Exchange.

"Fullmetal Alchemist" became one of the most critically acclaimed Japanese franchise.

Edward Elric: The main protagonist of the series. He is brave and proud, the only thing getting him along is the promise he made to his younger brother, Alphonse, that he will get him his body back, and himself his limbs. He is shorter than the average teen and hates it when someone comments on his height, mostly getting frustrated or hurting them with his metal fist, even his brother gets the same punishment. 

Alphonse Elric: Edward's younger brother, whose soul is attached to an empty suit of armour, after a failed attempt to resurrect their mother. The deal was his body for hers, though what happened once the transmutation had finished showed it didn't work. In order to bring back his brother, Edward did his own transmutation, giving away his arm for Alphonse. Alphonse was then placed into the armour and now their journey takes them to try to find the Philosopher's Stone, the only thing that can defy the rule of equivalent exchange, to give back Alphonse's body and Edward's limbs.

My Dying Bride

My Dying Bride is an English doom metal band. They are from West Yorkshire. The band formed in 1990.





Modular

Something is modular when it consists of two or more pieces that are easy to replace. These are usually simple objects. They can be connected together to form more complex objects. For example, Lego pieces are modular. Complex objects may by themselves be modular and used to create even more complex objects by piecing them together.

Framework

Framework is a term describing established practices in a society, science, software development, or hardware design that can be repeatedly applied to solving problems. The problems are solved uniformly (in the same or very similar way) in a framework.

In computer technology, a framework is an API that defines what kind of programs can be built with it. For example, the .NET Framework allows writing programs in C# but not in C.

Documentation

Documentation is something that people read for instructions or information on how to
do or use things. Documentation may consist of one or more documents on paper, a web page,
a file, and other media.

Bobby pin

A bobby pin (also known as a kirby grip or a hair grip) is a clip that goes in one's hair to hold individual strands of hair in place.

Pre-production

Pre-production is the time before making a movie, play, or other performance when all the things that will be needed to make it are prepared.

In the movie industry, pre-production usually only starts when the script is ready, the studio has agreed to make it and money has been made available. By this time, a project will almost always have a movie, a producer, cast members and a production team. 

Flax

Flax (also known as common flax or linseed) ("Linum usitatissimum") is a type of flowering plant.

The fibres of flax are used to make linen. High-quality paper used in banknotes is also made from flax fibres.
An oil (linseed oil) can be made from the dried ripe flax seeds. 
Flax has been used for a long time in such tasks as making bows and candles.

Flax seed and its oil are nontoxic and are safe for human consumption.

However, like many common foods, flax contains small amounts of cyanogenic glycoside. This is "nontoxic" when eaten in normal amounts. It may be toxic when eaten in large quantities as with staple foods such as cassava. The small percentage of cyanide can be removed by special processing.

Finite set

In mathematics, a finite set is a set that is not infinite. A finite set has a certain number of elements. The elements of the set can be numbered like {1, 2, ..., "n"} and "n" must either be a natural number or zero. An infinite set is a set with an unlimited number of elements.

Another definition is to say a set is finite if its cardinality (the number of its elements) is a natural number. A set with "n" elements is called an "n"-set.

A definition that is harder to understand, but which is often used by mathematicians, is to say that a set is finite if there is no strict subset that can be put in 1-to-1 correspondence with the set itself. (A strict subset of a set is one that is not equal to the set itself). For example, the set of even numbers can be put in one-to-one correspondence with the set of natural numbers (2"n" corresponds to "n"), but the set of even numbers is also a strict subset of the natural numbers (there are many numbers which are not in the set of even numbers, but which are natural numbers, for example the number 1). This means that the set of natural numbers is infinite.

Vikram Samvat

The Vikram era, or Vikram samvat is an Calendar System(mostly followed in Hinduism and Sikhism from people of Indian Subcontinent) starting in 57 BC. The Vikram Samvat calendar starts half a century before the Gregorian calendar and works on an Indian calendar cycle.

The calendar starts in the month of Vaishak, which usually falls in the Gregorian month of February/March.

The date marks the day when the King Vikramāditya beat the Sakas, who had invaded Ujjain. A new calendar was started to honor this achievement.

The story of this event is told by a sadhu (Jain monk) called Mahesara Suri.

The powerful king of Ujjain, called Gardabhilla, kidnapped a sadhvi (Jain nun), who was the sister of the sadhu. The sadhu went to the Saka King to get help, and in the end, the Saka King beat Gardabhilla and captured him and made him a prisoner. But in the end, Gardabhilla was forgiven and run away to a forest, where he was killed by a tiger.

Later on Vikramaditya invaded Ujjain and drove away the Sakas. To commemorate this event he started a new era called the Vikrama era.

Cardinality

In mathematics, the cardinality of a set means the number of its elements. For example, the set "A" = {2, 4, 6} contains 3 elements, and therefore "A" has a cardinality of 3. The cardinality of a set A can also be represented as formula_1. 

Two sets have the "same" (or "equal") cardinality if and only if they have the same number of elements, which is the another way of saying that there is a 1-to-1 correspondence between the two sets. The cardinality of the set "A" is "less than or equal to" the cardinality of set "B" if and only if there is an injective function from "A" to "B". The cardinality of the set "B" is "greater than or equal to" the cardinality of set "A" if and only if there is an injective function from "A" to "B". 

The "cardinality" of a set is only one way of giving a number to the "size" of a set. The concept of measure is yet another way. 

The cardinality of a finite set is a natural number. The smallest cardinality is 0. The empty set has cardinality 0. If the cardinality of the set "A" is "n", then there is a "next larger" set with cardinality "n"+1 (for example, the set "A" ∪ {"A"}). If ||"A"|| ≤ ||"B"|| ≤ ||"A" ∪ {"A"}||, then either ||"B"|| = ||"A"|| or ||"B"|| = ||"A" ∪ {"A"}||.) There is no largest finite cardinality. 

If the cardinality of a set is not finite, then the cardinality is infinite.

An infinite set is considered countable if they can be listed without missing any (that is, if there is a one-to-one correspondence between it and the set of natural numbers formula_2). Examples include the rational numbers, integers, and natural numbers. Such sets have a cardinality that we call formula_3 (pronounced "aleph null", "aleph naught" or "aleph zero"). Sets such as the real numbers are not countable, since given any finite or infinite list of real numbers, it's always possible to find a number that's not on that list. The real numbers have a cardinality of formula_4—the cardinality of the continuum.


Mitre

A mitre is a tall hat worn by leaders in some Christian churches. In the Roman Catholic church, it is worn by bishops, archbishops or cardinals (higher order). The front and back are the shape of a triangle. It is only worn when the bishop is dressed in his special religious clothes, but is used on a coat of arms to show that the owner is a bishop.

Mitres are also worn by some clergy in the Eastern Orthodox and Eastern Catholic churches.

Boňkov

Boňkov is a small village near Herálec in the Havlíčkův Brod District, Vysočina Region of the Czech Republic. 58 people live in Boňkov. Its size is . It was first documented in 1305.


Utopia (book)

Utopia is the name of a book. Thomas More wrote it in 1516. He wrote it in Latin. Its original title is De Optimo Republicae Statu deque Nova Insula Utopia. This is usually translated to "On the Best State of a Republic and on the New Island of Utopia".

The book is about an island off the coast of South America with an imagined society. In the book, a visitor to this island tells about his trip there. According to him, Utopia has a system of laws that is perfect. Society there is also perfect. The political system is so good that nothing better can be thought out. Today, the word utopia is used to refer to a society that everyone wants to live in with perfect laws, but which is often hard to make.


Order of the British Empire

The Most Excellent Order of the British Empire is one of the British orders of chivalry. It is the newest order, created on 4 June 1917, by King George V.

The order is cut into two parts, civil and military. Both parts have five classes or ranks. In order, from highest to lowest, these are:


Only the two highest ranks are knighthoods, and allow the holder to call themselves 'Sir' (male) or 'Dame' (female). If the person is not a citizen of a country where the King is Head of State, the award is called honorary, and the holder cannot use the title before their name. For example Terry Wogan became a British citizen and was therefore called Sir Terry Wogan, but Bob Geldof is still an Irish citizen, and is therefore not "Sir Bob". He can, however, style himself "Bob Geldof KBE".

The British Empire Medal (BEM) was restarted in 2012, but only in the civil group. Although the BEM it is the newest British order of chivalry, it has more members than any other.

King George V wanted to be able to honour the thousands of people who helped to win the First World War, but were not soldiers. 

This Order of Knighthood has a more democratic character than the exclusive Order of the Bath or Saint Michael and Saint George, and in its early days was not held in high esteem. This changed over the years. In 1965 Harold Wilson honoured Violet Carson and the Beatles. He was accused of having debased and cheapened the honours system. 

The British monarch is Sovereign of the Order and appoints all other members of the Order but only on the advice of the Government. The next-most senior member is the Grand Master. There have been three: 

The order's rules, called "statutes", say that the Order can only have 100 Knights and Dames Grand Cross, 845 Knights and Dames Commander, and 8960 Commanders, but there is no limit to the number of members of the Officers and Members but no more than 858 Officers and 1464 Members may be appointed per year. Appointments are made on the advice of the governments of the United Kingdom and some Commonwealth realms. 

Some jobs are usually rewarded with the Order. Usually female judges of the High Court of England and Wales are created Dames Commander after appointment. Male judges are not, because they are usually made Knights Bachelor instead.

Sovereign: Charles III 

Grand Master: "Vacant since 2021" 

Current Knights and Dames Grand Cross 


Officers 

Like the orders of chivalry, this order has six officials: 

Anyone who behaves in a way that might bring the order into disrepute, may have his or her award taken away.


John Lennon once criticised military membership in the order, saying:

"Lots of people who complained about us receiving the MBE received theirs for heroism in the war - for killing people. We received ours for entertaining other people. I'd say we deserve ours more."

Slavníč

Slavníč is a small village in the Havlíčkův Brod District, Vysočina Region of the Czech Republic by Highway D1. 40 people live in Slavníč. It covers 2,13 km². It was first documented in 1305.

Milan Nakonečný

Milan Nakonečný (* February 8, 1932, Horažďovice) is a Czech psychologist (professor of psychology) and historian. During the so-called normalization era in the Czechoslovakia, communists banned him from teaching and publishing books.


Skorkov

Skorkov is small village near in the Havlíčkův Brod District, Vysočina Region of the Czech Republic. It has a population of 77. It covers 6.2 km².

Antonín Klimek

Antonín Klimek (January 18, 1937 in Prague – January 9, 2005 in Prague) was a Czech historian. He wrote mainly about the Czechoslovakian First Republic.


Neon Genesis Evangelion

Neon Genesis Evangelion (Japanese: "新世紀エヴァンゲリオン" Hepburn: "Shin Seiki Evangelion") is a Japanese anime series directed by Hideaki Anno, and produced by Gainax and Tatsunoko Production. It is set 15 years after a world-wide disaster. The main characters are teenagers that pilot giant robots called "Evangelions" to fight giant monsters called "angels." The imagery is inspired by depression, philosophy, and the religions Christianity and Judaism. The show was liked by critics, but the ending made many fans angry. The film "End of Evangelion" was released in 1997. It acts as a different version of the show's ending. Other related media, including several manga, soundtracks, a light novel and the "Rebuild of Evangelion" film series, were made following the show’s success.


Edward VIII

Edward VIII (born Edward Albert Christian George Andrew Patrick David, 23 June 1894 – 28 May 1972) was King of the United Kingdom, from 20 January 1936 until 11 December 1936. He was born at White Lodge, Richmond Park in London.

Edward abdicated (resigned) from the throne, because he wanted to marry the American woman Wallis Simpson. Simpson had been married twice before. As King, he was Head of the Church of England, and the Church did not support divorce. After abdicating as king, he was known as His Royal Highness the Duke of Windsor. His wife was not allowed to be called "Her Royal Highness".

Edward, commonly known by those close to him as David, was born as the first son of the Prince and Princess of Wales, later King George V and Queen Mary. As a young man, he disliked his royal duties, but his charisma made him popular with the British people. Edward was officially invested as Prince of Wales in a ceremony at Caernarvon Castle on 13 July 1911 and was even tutored by the future Prime Minister David Lloyd George to speak a few words of Welsh.

At the outbreak of the First World War in 1914, the twenty-year-old Edward was keen to participate. He witnessed trench warfare at first-hand and attempted to visit the front line as often as possible, but he did not experience as much hardship and misery as ordinary British soldiers.

Edward undertook a military flight in 1918 and gained a pilot's licence later. Throughout the 1920s, Edward represented his father, King George V, at home and abroad on many occasions. His popularity was at its greatest peak in that decade and gained him much public and media attention.

However, his increasing womanising and reckless behaviour in the 1920s and the 1930s worried Prime Minister Stanley Baldwin and his hardworking, strict father, King George V. Edward was also uninterested with royal duties and disliked the British establishment. George V was disappointed by Edward's failure to settle down in life and was furious with his many affairs with married women, and he was reluctant to see him inherit the Crown. George V preferred his son Albert (later King George VI), a family man who was loyal to his beloved wife.

Edward had a string of relationships with married women including Freda Dudley Ward and Lady Furness, the American wife of a British peer, who later introduced him to Wallis Simpson. She was an American who had been twice divorced. Edward later became Wallis Simpson's lover.

That further weakened his poor relationship with his father, who stated, "After I am dead," George said, "the boy will ruin himself in 12 months".

After months of ill health, King George V died on 20 January 1936. His son became King Edward VIII and watched the announcement of his new role from a window of St James's Palace with his lover, Wallis. After only a few weeks, Edward began to cause unease in government circles with actions that were seen as too political. He did not work hard as king and was not careful about important state papers. Far from working, in August and September, Edward and Wallis simply sailed around the Mediterranean on a luxury steam yacht.

On 16 November 1936, Edward invited British Prime Minister Stanley Baldwin to Buckingham Palace and expressed his plans to marry Wallis Simpson after her divorce. Baldwin was unhappy about that and informed him that his subjects would see it as morally unacceptable, because remarriage after divorce was opposed by the Church of England, which Edward was the formal head, and the people did not like Wallis. Edward knew that the government, led by Baldwin, would resign if the marriage went ahead. That action could have led to a general election and would ruin Edward's status as a politically-neutral monarch. That would be disastrous for the Royal Family and damage the nation.

As a result, he chose to abdicate in December of that year and married Wallis later in 1937. His brother, Prince Albert, Duke of York, became King George VI.

After his abdication, he was given the title Duke of Windsor. He married Simpson in France on 3 June 1937. His brother and mother did not attend the ceremony. Many people became alarmed with what they thought was Edward's pro German stance. Some even said that he favoured German fascism. Hitler considered Edward to be friendly towards Nazi Germany. Even in the 1960s, Edward privately said to a friend, Lord Kinross, "I never thought Hitler was such a bad chap". The Duke and Duchess visited Nazi Germany, against the advice of the British government, and they met Adolf Hitler at his private retreat. During the visit, the Duke gave full Nazi salutes, causing anger in Britain. At the start of the Second World War, the Nazis plotted to persuade the Duke to support the Nazi effort and planned to kidnap him. Lord Caldecote warned Winston Churchill that "[the Duke] is well-known to be pro-Nazi and he may become a centre of intrigue". More problems arose when Edward gave a "defeatist" interview, which angered Churchill even more.

After the war, the Duke and Duchess became celebrities and hosted parties and lived between Paris and New York. In the 1960s, the Duke's health became worse. Because he was a heavy smoker from an early age, he had throat cancer. On 28 May 1972, the Duke died at his home in Paris, less than a month before his 78th birthday. Wallis Simpson was not strong. She suffered from dementia and died 14 years later. The coffin was buried in the Royal Burial Ground behind the Royal Mausoleum of Queen Victoria and Prince Albert at Frogmore.


His full style as king was "His Majesty, Edward the Eighth, by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, Ireland, and of the British Dominions beyond the Seas, King, Defender of the Faith, Emperor of India".

Václav Benda

Václav Benda (August 8, 1946 in Prague – June 2, 1999 in Prague) was Czech right-wing and anticommunist politician. During the communist dictatorship in Czechoslovakia he signed Charter 77. He was in prison from 1979 to 1983. After the Velvet Revolution, Benda co-founded the Christian-Democratic Party which later became part of the Civic Democratic Party. His son Marek Benda is also a Czech politician and member of the Civic Democratic Party.

County borough

A county borough was a type of local government district in England until abolished in 1974.

Local government powers were divided between county councils and urban or rural districts.

For example: rural districts may not be able to maintain footpaths or street lighting because of their size. Urban districts were based in a town and were able handle these jobs. Schools were the responsibility of county councils because districts were too small to run all types of schools themselves.

A county borough was a town big enough to run all its own local government, so the local county council had no power inside the county borough.

Andie MacDowell

Andie MacDowell (born Rosalie Anderson MacDowell on April 21, 1958 in Gaffney, South Carolina) is an American movie actress.

From 1986 until 1999 Andie was married to Paul Qualley. They have three children, son Justin Qualley (born 1986) and two daughters Rainey Qualley (born 1989) and Sarah Margaret Qualley (born 1995).

From 2001 until 2004 she was married to Rhett DeCamp Hartzog.



Goths

The Goths (Gothic: , "Gutans") were an East Germanic tribe. They spoke the Gothic language. Jordanes was a scholar from the 6th century who wrote a summary of a twelve volume work by Cassiodorus about the Goths. Jordanes work is commonly called Getica. The original work by Cassiodorius was lost, Getica is the only surviving contemporary account about the Goths. According to this book they left Scandinavia via Gotland and settled close to the mouth of the Vistula river (in present day Poland). In the 3rd and 4th centuries they settled Scythia, Dacia and parts of Moesia and Asia Minor. In the 3rd and 4th centuries, they fought with the Roman Empire and later adopted Arianism (a form of Christianity). 

In the 4th and 5th centuries, they split into the Visigoths and the Ostrogoths. With this move, they established powerful successor-states of the Roman Empire in Italy and on the Iberian peninsula (now Spain & Portugal). Traces of Gothic blood can be found in many people .

Arianism

Arianism is a doctrine that came from Arius, a priest who taught in Alexandria. To many Christians, the teachings of Arianism are heretical and are not the correct Christian teachings as they deny that Jesus was of the same substance of the God of this monotheistic religion, making it one of the more prominent reasons Arianism has stopped being practiced today. Many may say and have claimed Arianism a powerful part of Christianity from the 4th to the 7th centuries AD however being against fundamental Christian Beliefs, such as that previously mentioned, this rhetoric was opposed by multiple theologians of the era as well as the early church (later Catholic Church). 

Arianism simply teaches that Jesus was not God. For this reason, Arianism opposes the dogma of the Holy Trinity. In 325 AD, the Nicene Creed was made, which the early Christians used to defeat Arianism, with the statement: "We believe in one Lord Jesus Christ, the "Son of God"...begotten, not made, "consubstantial with" the Father."

The main difference between the beliefs of Arianism and other main Christian denominations is that the Arians did not believe in the Holy Trinity, which is a way that other Christian churches use to explain God. The information that we have today comes from the writing of people who were against Arianism and said the beliefs were wrong. These writings say that Arianism believed:


Between the First Council of Nicaea in 325, and the First Council of Constantinople in the year 381 there were no less than 18 different Creeds used by Arianists.

In the 16th century there was again a movement against the belief in the Holy Trinity. Fausto Sozzini (1539-1604) was well known for teaching this as well as Ferenc Dávid (1510s - 1579). These movements developed into what is called Unitarianism today. Unitarians believe that there is only one person in god, not the three-in-one dogma of trinity. Some of the teachings of Jehovah's Witnesses are close to some of the things Arians believed. It is different only in that Arians believed the holy spirit is a person and Jehovah's Witnesses teach it is not a person, but a force God uses to do His will. It would however be false to call them Arians, as they reject many Arian teachings. Mormons and Oneness Pentecostalism also reject the Holy Trinity but for different reasons other than Arianism.


Ripening

Ripening is when fruit becomes easier to eat. Some fruits, like the tomato or the mango, will continue to ripen after they have been picked. Other fruits, like the cherry or fig, stop ripening once they have been picked.

HTTP cookie

An HTTP cookie (usually just called a cookie) is a simple computer file made of text. The information stored by cookies can be used to personalise the experience when using a website. A website can use (the information used by) cookies to find out if someone has visited a website before and record information (data) about what they did.

When someone is using a computer to browse a website, a personalised cookie file can be sent from the website’s server to the person’s computer. The cookie is stored in the web browser on the person’s computer. At some time in the future, the person may browse that website again. The website can send a message to the person’s browser, asking if a cookie from the website is already stored in the browser. If a cookie is found, then the data that was stored in the cookie before can be used by the website to tell the website about the person’s previous activity. Some examples where cookies are used include shopping carts, automatic login and remembering which advertisements have already been shown.

Cookies have been a problem for Internet privacy. This is because they can be used to track browsing behavior. Because of this, laws have been made in some countries to protect people's privacy. There are many other options than cookies, but each option has its own problems.

Cookies have often been mistaken for computer programs. But cookies cannot do much on their own. They are simply a piece of data. They are often called spyware or viruses, but they are not either of these.

Most web browsers allow users to choose whether to accept cookies. If the user does not allow cookies, some websites will become unusable. For example, shopping baskets which use cookies do not work if the user does not allow cookies. 

Chinese calendar

The Chinese calendar, also known as the "agriculture calendar" (農曆/农历), is a lunisolar calendar ("yinyangli"). It was used until 1912 when the Gregorian calendar was adopted. This is a system of organizing days for social, religious, commercial, or administrative purposes. It was developed in part from a lunar calendar (陰曆 "yinli") and in part from a solar calendar (陽曆 "yangli"). 
The current version of the Chinese calendar was developed for the Chongzhen Emperor in the 17th century.

Today in China the Gregorian calendar is used for most activities. At the same time, the Chinese calendar is still used for traditional Chinese holidays like the Chinese New Year or the Mid-Autumn Festival.



Music for the Royal Fireworks

Music for the Royal Fireworks is a group of five pieces for orchestra composed by George Frideric Handel in 1749. He was asked by King George II to write the music because the king wanted some music and fireworks to celebrate the Treaty of Aix-la-Chapelle. This was an agreement between a lot of European countries to end the war they had been fighting.

The king wanted the celebrations to take place in Green Park in London. He wanted the orchestra to have lots of military instruments such as trumpets and drums and "hoped there would be no violins". He wanted the orchestra to have a rehearsal in Vauxhall Gardens to which the public would be able to go. Handel was not very happy with these arrangements, but in the end he agreed.

The rehearsal in Vauxhall Gardens took place on 21 April. This was just for the music, there were no fireworks. There were 12,000 people in the audience. The huge crowds caused a three hour traffic jam on London Bridge. The tickets for entrance cost 2s 6d (two shillings and six pence, worth 12 ½p in modern money).

Six days later the real performance took place in Green Park. The orchestra played in a building which had been specially made. The music was played while the fireworks went off. Unfortunately there was a disaster. The building caught fire when a huge bas relief of the king fell down. However, no one was hurt.

The music has five movements: an overture, a bourrée, a movement called La paix (The Peace), La réjouissance (The Rejoicing), and two minuets.

Handel wrote the music for a large orchestra with 24 oboes, 12 bassoons (including a contrabassoon), nine trumpets, nine horns, three pairs of kettledrums, and a number of side drums. On 27 May Handel conducted the music again at a special concert for the Foundling Hospital. This time he used a normal orchestra with string instruments and wind instruments. This is the way it is usually played today.

Thora Birch

Thora Birch (born March 11, 1982) is an American actress. She was one of the most popular child actors of the 1990s in movies, such as "Patriot Games" (1992), "Hocus Pocus" (1993), "Clear and Present Danger" (1994), "Now and Then" (1995) and "Alaska" (1996). Since the 1990s she has had more serious roles, with good acting in movies, such as "American Beauty" (1999) and "Ghost World" (2001).


Sophia Loren

Sophia Loren (born 20 September 1934) is an Italian actress, one of the best known and most popular of Italian actresses.

Born Sofia Scicolone in Rome, Italy, out of wedlock. She grew up in Puzzuoli, near Naples, raised by her single mother in poverty.

In 1950, she entered a beauty contest and was noticed by film producer Carlo Ponti (1912-2007) who took her under his wing. With his help and guidance, she began appearing in bit parts in film, and got her first major role in director Vittorio De Sica's "The Gold of Naples" in 1954.

Ponti made her learn English and took her to Hollywood. Her first film there was "The Pride and the Passion" in 1957, opposite Cary Grant and Frank Sinatra. This was followed by "Desire under the Elms" (1958) with Anthony Perkins, "Houseboat" (1958) with Cary Grant, "Black Orchid" (1958) with Anthony Quinn, "It Happened in Naples" (1960) with Clark Gable, "Heller in Pink Tights" (1960) with Anthony Quinn, "A Breath of Scandal" (1960) with John Gavin.

Back in Italy, she was reunited with Vittorio De Sica in "La Ciocara" ("Two Women") in 1961, which won her the Academy Award and the BAFTA for best actress.

Thereafter, she pursued her career both in Italy and the United States, appearing in films such as "El Cid" (1962), "The Fall of the Roman Empire" (1964), "Yesterday, Today and Tomorrow" (1964), "Marriage Italian Style" (1964), "Arabesque" (1966), "The Countess from Hong Kong" (1967), "The Man from La Mancha" (1972), "The Cassandra Crossing" (1976), etc.

Sophia Loren and Carlo Ponti were first married on 17 September 1957, but Ponti being Catholic his divorce from his first wife was not recognized in Italy and the marriage was declared invalid. Ponti took French citizenship and after being legally divorced, he and Loren were remarried on 9 April 1966, and had two sons; Carlo (b. 1968) and Eduardo (b. 1973). The Italian former model and politician Alessandra Mussolini is her niece.


Helen Hunt

Helen Elizabeth Hunt (born June 15, 1963) is an American actress. She has won the Emmy, Golden Globe and Academy Awards. She is best known for her role in the television sitcom "Mad About You".

Hunt has been given many awards in her career. In 1998 she became one of only two actresses (the other is Helen Mirren) to win a Golden Globe Award, an Academy Award and an Emmy Award in the same year. She is the only actress to win four consecutive Emmys and to win four Blockbuster Entertainment Awards.

Academy Award

Emmy Award

Golden Globe Award

Screen Actors Guild Award


Jane Seymour (actress)

Jane Seymour OBE (born Joyce Penelope Wilhelmina Frankenberg on 15 February 1951) is an English actress. Her father was a Jew from England whose family was from Poland. Her mother was a Dutch Protestant. Seymour is known as the co-star of the James Bond movie "Live and Let Die" and star of the TV series and movie "Dr. Quinn, Medicine Woman".



Goldie Hawn

Goldie Jeanne Hawn (born November 21, 1945) is an American actress, director and producer. Her mother was an American Jew of Hungarian immigrant parents. One of her early roles was as a cast member of "Laugh-In", a comedy series on NBC television. She won the Academy Award and the Golden Globe Award in 1969 for her work in "Cactus Flower". She then left "Laugh-In" to continue her movie career.

Hawn is famous for her acting in many movie comedies during the 1970s, 1980s and 1990s. Her son, Oliver Hudson, is a television and movie actor. Her daughter is Kate Hudson, who is an actress and has been nominated for an Oscar. Hawn has another son, Wyatt Russell, whose father is actor Kurt Russell, Hawn's longtime partner.


Meg Ryan

Meg Ryan (born November 19, 1961) is an American actress. She has starred in several romantic comedies, but has also worked in other movie genres, including drama and mystery.



Dennis Quaid

Dennis William Quaid (born April 9, 1954 in Houston, Texas) is an American actor.



British Academy of Film and Television Arts

The British Academy of Film and Television Arts (BAFTA) is a British organisation that gives awards at a special show every year, for movies, television, children's movies and television, and media. The award for movies is called the British Academy Film Awards.

BAFTA was created in 1947 as The British Film Academy. In 1958, the Academy joined with The Guild of Television Producers and Directors and together they formed The Society of Film and Television. This later became The British Academy of Film and Television Arts in 1976.

BAFTA's main office is on Piccadilly in London, but it also has smaller offices in Northern England, Scotland, Wales, New York City and Los Angeles.

The Academy's awards are in the form of a theatrical mask designed by American sculptor Mitzi Cunliffe, which was ordered by the Guild of Television Producers in 1955.


Essay

An essay is a written text. It is usually about the personal point of view of the author because

Most essays are short. This does not have to be the case. John Locke's "An Essay Concerning Human Understanding" and Thomas Malthus's "An Essay on the Principle of Population" are long essays.

Essays can have all sorts of purposes. For example, an essay can be very argumentative, it can talk about points for and against the essay question to give a balanced argument or opinion. Essay must be essential and give some new points about topics. Its must be useful to readers.


The argumentative essay is a genre of writing that requires the student to investigate a topic; collect, generate, and evaluate evidence; and establish a position on the topic in a concise manner. The structure of the argumentative essay is held together by coherence, logical arguments, evidential support, and a conclusion. Some examples of argument essay topics are 'Is polygamy evil or not?', 'Are US elections always fair?'

This is a genre of essay where a stance is presented in an essay using a thesis statement. A thesis statement is one or more sentence that expresses the main idea of a research paper or essay, such as an expository essay or argumentative essay. It makes a claim, directly answering a question. The thesis statement serves as a guide for the readers throughout the whole entire essay.


Black Beauty

Black Beauty is the name given to a children's book by Anna Sewell. 

A horse named Black Beauty is the main character in the book. In this book, the horse tells a story about his own life and experiences. 

The story begins with Black Beauty being a comfortable and free young horse living with his mother. When he is old enough, he is sold from farm to farm and is owned by different people. Through his adventures, Black Beauty meets many people, the kind and the cruel. He also makes new friends and experiences many difficulties. The book was published in 1877.

It was banned in South Africa during the Apartheid era because of the title, even though it was about a horse.


Matilda (novel)

Matilda is a classic children’s novel by author Roald Dahl, published in 1988 by Jonathan Cape and adapted into a movie in 1996. The story is about a brilliant nine-year-old girl with extraordinary powers, who uses her genius to take revenge on her abusive parents, and later to fight back against the tyrannical principal of her school. The majority of the novel focuses on the latter half of her story.

Matilda is born to Mr. and Mrs. Wormwood, two willfully cruel, neglectful, simple-minded, and selfish parents that revel in tyranny and resent their daughter’s intelligence, abusing her when not ignoring her. Matilda is raised by the books she reads, and survives by cleverly plotting pranks on her parents they can't trace back to her.

On her first day of school, Matilda meets her teacher, Miss Jennifer Honey, a maternal figure whom she forms a close bond with. Miss Honey recognizes Matilda is a prodigy, but is unable to place her in a higher class due to the orders of the school headmistress and main antagonist, Miss Agatha Trunchbull. The only reason Miss Trunchbull refuses to move Matilda up is her disdain for young girls and refusal to acknowledge any child’s brightness.

Miss Trunchbull, Matilda learns, is a tyrant of a headmistress who attacks and punishes the students and faculty at any excuse, and her behavior is so extreme that no parents will believe anything their children tell them about her. Matilda and her friends are treated to an example of this when they see Miss Trunchbull target a girl on the playground, telling her that her pigtails are disgusting to look at and she'd better chop them off by tomorrow. When the girl protests that her mother likes them, Miss Trunchbull grabs her by her braids, lifts her into the air, begins whirling her around like a discus, then throws her far into the air and over the schoolyard fence.

Miss Honey’s class is soon given a routine visit by the headmistress, who comes to test the children on their knowledge. Miss Trunchbull singles out Matilda, having heard terrible things about the girl from her parents, and grows slowly frustrated by the fact that Matilda is unshaken and can correctly answer every question the headmistress asks. Then, when attempting to pour a glass of water for herself, Miss Trunchbull suddenly discovers a newt some student snuck into her pitcher, and instantly blames Matilda, threatening to expel her. Matilda is shouted down when she tries to argue, and, simmering with silent fury, stares at the glass with the newt still inside, wishing with all her might for it to tip over and spill onto the headmistress. The glass does appear to move slightly, so Matilda concentrates harder. The glass tips all the way over and the water and newt fly onto Miss Trunchbull, who howls with fear and fury. She tries to blame Matilda again, but the class suddenly rises against her, shouting that Matilda never moved or even got up. Miss Trunchbull shouts back that she is fed up with the lot of them and storms angrily out of the classroom.

Matilda, stunned by her newly discovered powers, immediately tries to explain it to Miss Honey. Miss Honey doesn't believe her at first, but when Matilda succeeds in proving it by repeating the trick, Miss Honey is almost too stunned to speak. She eventually suggests that Matilda go home with her after school to discuss this, and Matilda eagerly agrees.

When the two arrive at Miss Honey’s house, Matilda is taken aback by how small and poor the residence is. Miss Honey is coaxed into revealing that Miss Trunchbull is the cause of her poverty. Miss Trunchbull is revealed to be Miss Honey’s aunt, who took charge of Miss Honey as a young girl after her father died. Miss Honey’s father’s will was mysteriously lost, so Miss Trunchbull was named the owner of his and Miss Honey’s house and inheritance. Miss Trunchbull forced Miss Honey to live like a slave in her own home as a child. When Miss Honey came of age, Miss Trunchbull forced her to sign over half of all her wages to Miss Trunchbull, causing Miss Honey to have to live with barely enough money to buy groceries. Miss Honey finally managed to find a place of her own that would allow her to pay a very cheap rent, but the house is tiny and has no furniture or bed, and she is forced to go without food for most of her day to pay for it all.

Miss Honey tells Matilda that she shouldn't worry about her and tries to reassure her that she is really managing all right, but Matilda becomes determined to find a way to save Miss Honey from the situation. When she goes home, she practices every day with her mysterious mental powers, slowly getting better at making more and more things move on their own by sitting still and concentrating, and preparing a plan.

When Miss Trunchbull returns to the class for another testing, Matilda enacts her plan right in the middle of one of Miss Trunchbull’s punishments, stopping her dead in her tracks. A piece of chalk, with Matilda’s help, is writing a threatening message to Miss Trunchbull on the board, a message that appears to be from Miss Honey’s dead father. The message tells Miss Trunchbull to give Miss Honey back her house and her wages, or Miss Honey’s father will come for her. Miss Trunchbull goes white, faints on the spot, and has to be carried to the sick-room by school officials. The class never hears from her again, because Miss Trunchbull never comes back to school. Miss Honey later tells Matilda that her father’s will was found, declaring her the owner of his house, and that Miss Trunchbull had signed Miss Honey’s wages back to her before disappearing mysteriously.

Matilda is moved into a higher class, and Miss Trunchbull is eventually replaced as headmistress. Matilda is happy with the challenge, but soon finds that she's lost the power to move things with her mind. Miss Honey guesses that the cause could be that Matilda had nothing to use the strength of her mind on when stuck in a first grade class, which allowed her to use that extra mental power to move objects. But now that Matilda’s brilliant mind is being challenged every day in her new class, she has no extra power left over to affect the physical world.

In the last chapter, Matilda finds her parents and younger brother hurriedly packing their things. Mr. Wormwood tells Matilda that he's been caught by the police for scamming people by selling broken cars, and that they have to move immediately. Matilda flies to Miss Honey’s house, begging her to adopt her instead so they can stay together. Miss Honey runs to ask Matilda’s parents for permission, and the Wormwoods both agree, carelessly. The story ends with Matilda jumping into Miss Honey’s arms as they watch the Wormwoods’ car drive off and disappear forever into the distance.

Matilda

Matilda (or Mathilda) is a female name. It may refer to:

Leonard Nimoy

Leonard Simon Nimoy (March 26, 1931February 27, 2015) was an American actor, movie director, poet, musician and photographer. He was famous for playing the character of "Spock" on "Star Trek," an American television series that was made for three years in the late 1960s.

Nimoy was born and raised in Boston, Massachusetts. His parents were immigrants from Ukraine. They were Dora Spinner and Max Nimoy. He took acting classes at Boston College and the Pasadena Playhouse.

Nimoy began his career in his early twenties, teaching acting classes in Hollywood and making minor movie and television appearances through the 1950s, as well as playing the title role in "Kid Monk Baroni".

In 1965, he made his first appearance in the rejected "Star Trek" pilot "", and went on to play the character of Spock until 1969. He followed his role of Spock by eight feature movie and guest slots in the various spin-off series. The character has had a significant cultural impact and earned Nimoy three Emmy Award nominations; "TV Guide" named Spock one of the 50 greatest TV characters. After the original "Star Trek" series, Nimoy starred in "" for two seasons, hosted the documentary series "In Search of...", narrated "Civilization IV", and made several well-received stage appearances. He also had a recurring role in the science fiction series "Fringe".

Nimoy's fame as Spock was such that both of his autobiographies, "I Am Not Spock" (1975) and "I Am Spock" (1995), were written from the viewpoint of sharing his existence with the character. Nimoy has a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame. In 2011, Nimoy voiced the main villain, Sentinel Prime, in "". In 2009 and in 2013, Nimoy played Spock Prime in the J. J. Abrams Star Trek movies: "Star Trek" and "Star Trek Into Darkness". He also voiced Master Xehanort in "Kingdom Hearts Birth by Sleep" and "".

Nimoy was married twice. In 1954, he married actress Sandra Zober (1927–2011), whom he divorced in 1987. On New Year's Day of 1989, he married actress Susan Bay, cousin of director Michael Bay. Nimoy had a daughter and son by his first wife.

Shortly after he was photographed in a wheelchair and using an oxygen mask, Nimoy said in February 2014 that he had been diagnosed with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). Little over a year later, Nimoy died from the disease on February 27, 2015 at the age of 83 in his Bel Air home.

Nimoy was laid to rest in a private service in Los Angeles on March 1, 2015 at the Hillside Memorial Park Cemetery in Culver City, California. He was buried on a Sunday since Jewish tradition does not allow such services on a Saturday.




Hayden Christensen

Hayden Christensen (born April 19, 1981) is a Canadian actor. He was in Canadian television programs when he was young, then he went to act into American television in the late 1990s. He did minor acting roles before being praised for his role of Sam in "Life as a House". He became very famous worldwide by playing the young adult Anakin Skywalker in the "Star Wars" movies.

Christensen was born in Vancouver, British Columbia and raised in Thornhill, Ontario. In 2007, he began dating actress Rachel Bilson. They met while making "Jumper". They became engaged on December 25, 2008. In mid-2010, the couple split up, but were dating again a few months later. 

Christensen performed a public service announcement for Do Something's Teens for Jeans Campaign in 2008. He was a model in Louis Vuitton's advertising. He is in RED’s new "Lazarus Effect Campaign", which is to increase awareness for its efforts to fight AIDS in Africa.


Stand-up comedy

Stand-up comedy is a style of comedy where the comedian speaks directly to the audience. A person who performs stand-up comedy is known as a stand-up comic, stand-up comedian, or simply stand-up. It is usually done by a single comedian, and with the help of a microphone. The comedian normally speaks quickly many funny stories and short jokes (called "bits"). This is called a "monologue, routine" or "act". Some stand-up comedians use music, props, or magic tricks in their acts. Stand-up comedy is usually done in comedy clubs, bars, colleges, and theaters. However, there is no restriction on where it can be done. Many smaller clubs, bars, and restaurants do "open microphone" events where amateur comedians can perform comedy in front of a live audience, offering a way for the performers to become better and possibly become professional comedians.


Car wash

A car wash is a place to clean the outside, and sometimes the inside, of automobiles. 

There are many different types of car washes. These are the three main groups: 

In a modern car wash soaps and other chemicals used are based on milder acids and alkalies. Early car washes often used hydrofluoric acid, a hazardous chemical. Many car washes are now required by law to treat and reuse their water.

There are two types of foam: polish and wax. Polish is cheaper and may be harder to rinse, sometimes becoming solid in its holding tank. Wax is more expensive, but rinses well and covers the vehicle with a lighter and puffier foam. 


Midbrain

The mesencephalon or midbrain is a part of the brain stem. It is associated with vision, hearing, motor control, sleep/wake, arousal (alertness), and temperature regulation. 

In the anatomy of developing animals, the brain forms from the neural tube, which turns into three vesicles. The mesencephalon (midbrain) is the middle vesicle, and becomes part of the brain stem. 

The mesencephalon is ancient in origin, meaning its general architecture is shared with the most ancient of vertebrates. Dopamine produced in the "substantia nigra" plays a role in motivation and habituation of species from humans to insects.

Dakota Fanning

Hannah Dakota Fanning (born February 23, 1994) is an American actress and model. She is best known for her starring roles in the movies "Dreamer", "Hounddog", and "Fragments" (also known as Winged Creatures).

Fanning was born in Conyers, Georgia. Her mother, Heather Joy (née Arrington), played tennis professionally and her father, Steven J. Fanning, played minor league baseball and now works as an electronics salesman in Los Angeles, California. Her maternal grandfather is former American football player Rick Arrington, and her aunt is former ESPN reporter Jill Arrington. Dakota is the elder sister of Elle Fanning, also an actress.

Fanning is of English, French, Irish and German ancestry. She and her family are Southern Baptist.

Dakota was famous for her performance at age seven in the 2001 film "I Am Sam". This earned her a nomination for a Screen Actors Guild Award at age eight in 2002, as the youngest nominee in history.

Later, she appeared in high-profile films such as "Man on Fire" (2004), "War of the Worlds" (2005) and "Charlotte's Web" (2006). Fanning then began the transition to more adult roles with "Hounddog" (2007) and "The Secret Life of Bees" (2008). Her recent film roles have included the named character in "Coraline" (2009), Cherie Currie in "The Runaways" (2010), Annie James in "The Motel Life" (2013), and Jane in "The Twilight Saga" (2009–12).

Hindbrain

The rhombencephalon (or hindbrain) is a name for parts of the central nervous system in vertebrates.

Spanish broom

Spanish broom ("Spartium junceum", syn. "Genista juncea"), also known as weaver's broom, is a perennial, leguminous shrub that grows in the Mediterranean region in southern Europe, southwest Asia and northwest Africa, where it is found in sunny sites, usually on dry, sandy soils. It is the sole species in the genus Spartium, but is closely related to the other brooms in the genera "Cytisus" and "Genista".

Spanish broom typically grows to 2-4 m tall, rarely 5 m, with main stems up to 5 cm thick, rarely 10 cm. 


Salvia

Salvia is a genus in the mint family, Lamiaceae. It is one of three genera commonly referred to as Sage. Sage generally means common sage ("Salvia officinalis"). This genus includes shrubs, herbaceous perennials, and annuals. Different species of sage are grown as herbs and as ornamental plants. The ornamental species are commonly referred to by their scientific name "Salvia".


Common sage

Common sage ("Salvia officinalis") is a small evergreen subshrub, with woody stems, grayish leaves, and blue to purplish flowers that grows in southern Europe and the Mediterranean region. 

It is much cultivated as a kitchen and medicinal herb, and is also called Garden sage, Kitchen sage, and Dalmatian sage. In southern Europe similar species are sometimes cultivated for the same purpose, and may be confused with the common sage. 

It likes warm, quite dry soil with some shade but it will grow in almost any garden soil. It can live through winter but after three to five years the plant is past its best and should be replaced. 




List of Salvia species

This is a list of species in the genus Salvia. The list should not be considered complete. As with most botanical taxonomies, the list may change as new discoveries are made.




Subshrub

A subshrub (Latin "suffrutex") is a woody perennial plant. Gardeners use the word to distinguish plants from a shrub that have lower height, typically less than 10–20 cm tall, or that are only weakly woody and/or persist only for a few years. Small, low shrubs such as lavender, periwinkle, and thyme, and many members of the family Ericaceae, such as cranberries, are often classed as subshrubs.

Vinca

Vinca (from Latin "vincire" "to bind, fetter") is a genus of five species in the family Apocynaceae, that grows in Europe, northwest Africa and southwest Asia. The common name, shared with the related genus "Catharanthus", is Periwinkle.
They are subshrubs or herbaceous, and have slender stems 1–2 m (3–6 feet) long but not growing more than 20–70 cm (8-30 inches) above ground; the stems frequently take root where they touch the ground, so the plant can spread widely


Vinca (disambiguation)

Vinca can mean


Shikoku dog

The Shikoku is a Japanese breed of dog. Other names for it is Tosa-ken. It is different from Tosa-touken. It looks like Japanese Wolf. It has a life span of ten to twelve years.

Eddie Murphy

Edward "Eddie" Regan Murphy (born April 3, 1955) is an American actor, comedian, producer, singer and writer. He won the Golden Globe Award in 2006 and was nominated for an Academy Award in 2002.

He has received Golden Globe Award nominations for best actor in a comedy or musical for his performances in "Beverly Hills Cop", "Beverly Hills Cop II", "Beverly Hills Cop III", "Trading Places", and "The Nutty Professor". In 2007, he won the Golden Globe for Best Supporting Actor for his portrayal of soul singer James "Thunder" Early in "Dreamgirls", and received a nomination for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor for the same role.

His work as a voice actor includes Thurgood Stubbs in "The PJs", Donkey in the "Shrek" series and the dragon Mushu in Disney's "Mulan". In some of his films, he plays multiple roles in addition to his main character, intended as a tribute to one of his idols Peter Sellers, who played multiple roles in "Dr. Strangelove" and elsewhere. Murphy has played multiple roles in "Coming to America", Wes Craven's "Vampire In Brooklyn", the "Nutty Professor" films (where he played the title role in two incarnations, plus his father, brother, mother and grandmother), "Bowfinger" and 2007's "Norbit".

His brother was comedian and screenwriter Charlie Murphy, who wrote the screenplay for "Norbit" and "Vampire in Brooklyn". 

He was a usual member on "Saturday Night Live" from 1980 to 1984, and has worked as a stand-up comedian. He has worked a little as a singer too, having a number 87 on the uk singles chart and number 2 on the "billboard" hot 100 with "Party All The Time" and a uk singles chart number 64 with "I Was A King".

In 1992 Murphy acted in the music video for Michael Jackson's single "Remember the Time". In 1993 Murphy released a song with Michael Jackson called "Whatzupwitu". It was voted by MTV viewers in 1999 as the third worst music video of all time.

Murphy stated musicians like Luther Vandross and Michael Jackson and comedians like Bill Cosby, John Belushi, Redd Foxx, Robin Williams, George Carlin, Peter Sellers, Richard Pryor and Steve Martin as influences.


Jennifer Connelly

Jennifer Lynn Connelly (born December 12, 1970) is an American movie actress. She also worked as child model. Although she has been working in the movie industry since she was a teenager and became famous for her roles in movies like "Labyrinth" and "Career Opportunities", she did not become a big movie star until the 2000 drama "Requiem for a Dream", and the 2001 biopic film "A Beautiful Mind", for which she won an Oscar for Best Supporting Actress.


Judy Garland

Frances Ethel Gumm, also known by her stage name Judy Garland (born June 10, 1922 – June 22, 1969) was an American actress, singer, dancer and vaudevillian. She is well known for playing the film role of Dorothy Gale in The Wizard of Oz (1939). Garland was famous internationally as an entertainer in musical and dramatic roles, as a recording artist, and on the concert stage. She got a Juvenile Academy Award and won a Golden Globe Award. She also won Grammy Awards and a Special Tony Award. She was nominated for the Academy Award for "Best Actress" for her role in the remake of the 1954 film "A Star is Born". She also got a nomination for "Best Supporting Actress" for her performance in the 1961 movie, "Judgment at Nuremberg". She was the youngest person to be given the Cecil B. DeMille Award for lifetime achievement in the movie industry.

Garland was in vaudeville with her two older sisters. She was signed to Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer as a teenager. She made more than two dozen MGM movies. Nine of these movies co-starred Mickey Rooney. Her most famous MGM movie was "The Wizard of Oz" of 1939. She worked with MGM for 15 years. She went on to make record-breaking concert appearances.

Garland had personal problems throughout her life. She did not like the way she looked. Her feelings were made worse by movie executives who told her she did not look good. They changed the way she looked physically in movies. She also had financial problems. She often owed hundreds of thousands of dollars in unpaid taxes. She married five times. Her first four marriages ended in divorce. She had a long struggle with alcohol and drug use during most of her career. She died of an accidental drug overdose at the age of 47. She had three children. They are Liza Minnelli, Lorna Luft, and Joey Luft.

In 1997, Garland was given a Grammy Lifetime Achievement Award years after her death. Several of her recordings have been sent to the Grammy Hall of Fame. In 1999, the American Film Institute placed her among the ten greatest female stars in the history of American movies.



Liza Minnelli

Liza May Minnelli (born March 12, 1946 ) is an American actress and singer, who has won the Oscar and the Tony Award, and also many others. 

She was born at Cedars-Sinai Medical Center in Los Angeles, California, She is the daughter of famous actress and singer Judy Garland and her second husband, movie director Vincente Minnelli. She acted and sang in many famous movies, including "Cabaret". Her half sister is actress and singer Lorna Luft.



2007 Atlantic hurricane season

The 2007 Atlantic hurricane season was a time of year when tropical cyclones happened in the year 2007. The season started June 1, 2007, and ended on November 30, 2007, but the last storm did not die until December 12, 2007. Most of the storms that form in the Atlantic Ocean during the year happen between these two dates. But Subtropical Storm Andrea formed early on May 9, 2007, which was before the start of the season. This was the second time in five years that a storm formed before the season start date. Tropical Storm Ana in the 2003 Atlantic hurricane season also formed before June 1.

On May 9, a extratropical cyclone formed into Subtropical Storm Andrea while about 140 miles (225 km) southeast of Savannah, Georgia. Tropical storm watches were immediately issued for parts of coastal Georgia and Florida, though they were later dropped. It was the first named storm to form in May since Arlene in the 1981 Atlantic hurricane season, and the first pre-season storm since Ana in April 2003. Later, the pattern of the system became bad with a large lowering in convection as it moved over cooler waters, and on May 10 it weakened to a subtropical depression and NHC issued its final advisory on Andrea at 11 PM EST, May 10. However, on the morning of May 11 convection flared up over the center, indicating that the cyclone might be acquiring tropical characteristics once again. However, it did not.

The storm produced rough surf along the coastline from Florida to North Carolina, causing beach erosion and some damage. One surfer drowned in Florida from the rough surf. Five people died during Andrea's initial extratropical phase. High winds from Andrea were reported as fuelling severe wildfires in northern Florida and southern Georgia. Andrea was blamed for providing stiff winds that acted like a "chimney", fuelling the blaze to firestorm levels beyond the control of firefighting officials. Strong winds from the storm spread smoke from local brush fires through the Tampa Bay area to Miami.

On May 30, a large low pressure area formed in the Gulf of Honduras. The system slowly became stronger as it moved through the northwest Caribbean Sea into the southeast Gulf of Mexico. On June 1, the first day of the Atlantic hurricane season, this cyclone organized into Tropical Storm Barry, even thought it was in an area of high wind shear. Warnings were immediately issued along the Western Florida coastline. Barry gave much-needed rain to parts of Florida and Georgia which were experiencing drought conditions from January to May. Barry made landfall near Tampa Bay, Florida on June 2 as a weak tropical storm. Shortly after, Barry weakened into a tropical depression as it became an extratropical storm. On June 3, the cyclone moved up the coast of the Carolinas bringing rains into the Mid-Atlantic states and New England. By June 5 its center had moved northward into Eastern Canada.

An area of low pressure area formed near the Bahamas on July 28, and slowly organized while moving to the north-northeast. Late on July 30, it was upgraded to a tropical depression, the third of the season, after developing deep convection near the center for most of the day. On July 31, the system strengthened into a tropical storm south of Nova Scotia, the first storm in nearly two months after Barry. The storm quickly became extratropical late that day though as it moved towards Newfoundland over the cooler waters of the north Atlantic.

On August 1, flooding was reported from Placentia to the capital city of St. John's, where about 100 mm (4 inches) of rain held up the annual Royal St. John's Regatta. Up to 150 mm (6 inches) of rain fell in the Whitbourne area, according to Environment Canada. The most serious flooding was across the southern Avalon Peninsula, where dozens of roads were washed out, houses were flooded above their basements and several communities were isolated. Ferry service between Argentia and North Sydney, Nova Scotia, was stopped, and one ferry was forced to change its course to Port aux Basques.

States of emergency were declared in at least five communities in the areas surrounding Placentia Bay and Conception Bay, and the Newfoundland and Labrador Municipal Affairs Minister Jack Byrne has requested a federal disaster area declaration. Damage is estimated to be well into the millions of dollars, with at least $4 million in damage in the town of Placentia alone.

A strong tropical wave moved off the west coast of Africa in the second week of August. It quickly gathered itself and turned into into a low on August 12. Tropical Depression Four was made on August 13 in the east part of the Atlantic from the tropical wave to the south of Cape Verde. The depression was already having continuing deep thunderstorms, but mostly at the west part of its spinning because of wind shear from the east. The depression was supposed to become stronger a lot over the next few days due to wind shear becoming more weak and warmer sea surface temperatures which made conditions better for it to become stronger. The depression moved west very fast, south of a deep layered high, quickly running away from the shear from the east. Looking at satellite pictures and microwave and QuikSCAT information, the depression was changed to Tropical Storm Dean on August 14. It was changed to a category one then a category two hurricane on August 16, 2007. It got to category three then category four on August 17, 2007. It got to category five on August 20, 2007. Dean made landfall in the Yucatan Peninsula as a category 5. The hurricane made another landfall in Mexico on August 22 and Dean died the next day.

On August 9, an area of convection developed just south of Jamaica in association with a trough of low pressure. The system moved west-northwestward, and by August 10 it had a broad surface trough with minimal shower activity. Convection increased on August 11, and by August 12 a tropical wave and an upper-level low began to merge which resulted in a large area of disorganized thunderstorms extending from the western Caribbean Sea into the central Bahamas. Upper-level winds slowly became more beneficial for development, and on August 13 a large low pressure area formed about 90 miles (145 km) north-northeast of Cancún, Quintana Roo. Late on August 14, a reconnaissance flight into the system reported a small circulation center, but at the time was not well-defined enough to result in the initiation of tropical cyclone advisories. However, deep convection was found near the increasingly organizing center, and at 0300 UTC on August 15 the National Hurricane Center upgraded it as Tropical Depression Five about 425 miles (685 km) southeast of Brownsville, Texas.

Looking at reconnaissance info gotten from an NOAA plane investigating the depression, it was upgraded to Tropical Storm Erin on August 15.
It weakened to a tropical depression as it made landfall near Lamar, Texas, on August 16 and the NHC gave out its last advisory on the system soon after as it moved inland; but the HPC then began taking the responsibility of making advisories as long as the system was still tropical and a flood threat.

Two people were killed when a warehouse broke down in Texas. In all, 17 people died because of Erin.

On August 31, an area of weather east of the Windward Islands became strong enough, and was named Tropical Depression Six. Early on September 1, it was changed to a tropical storm and named Felix. Later that day, Felix was changed to a hurricane. On September 2, Felix was changed to a major hurricane. Felix hit land as a category 5 in northeastern Nicaragua, making it the second hurricane in 2007 to do this. At least 133 people were killed.

An extratropical storm off the coast of the eastern United States was classified as "Subtropical Storm Gabrielle" by the National Hurricane Center late on September 7. It was later reclassified as a tropical storm on September 8. After passing over the Outer Banks of North Carolina, it weakened to a depression on September 10, and the final advisory was issued the next day as it no longer had a well-defined surface circulation.

Gabrielle poured 4-6 inches of rain in the immediate area of landfall, but reports showed minimal damage and 5 fatalities were reported.

Tropical Depression Eight formed from a tropical wave 1130 mi (1815 km) east of the Lesser Antilles on September 12, just before the system that eventually became Humberto formed. It was slow to develop and became Tropical Storm Ingrid early on September 14. Shearing winds from a tropical upper tropospheric trough soon weakened the cyclone, it returned to depression strength on September 15, and the final advisory was issued on September 17 as the system degenerated into an open wave north of the Leeward Islands. Ingrid was the first storm of the 2007 season not to threaten land, and there were no reports of damage or casualties.
Tropical Depression Nine formed from a non-tropical low in the north-western Gulf of Mexico on September 12. Three hours later it had strengthened sufficiently to be named Tropical Storm Humberto. It rapidly became a hurricane until dissipating over North Carolina. Damage is at a half a billion dollars.

An extratropical low formed off the east coast of Florida on September 18. It slowly tracked westward, breaking itself away from a trough over the Atlantic while crossing the Florida Peninsula on September 19, emerging in the Gulf of Mexico on September 20. It slowly organized itself and was classified as a subtropical depression on the morning of September 21 just south of the Florida Panhandle. Three hours later, it was reclassified as fully tropical. At 8 pm EDT (0000 UTC) later that day, Tropical Depression Ten began to move onshore, and never reached tropical storm strength.

Damage from the precursor low was reported in Eustis, Florida from one or more tornadoes that damaged or destroyed about 50 houses, but caused no serious injuries.

Early on September 23, a subtropical depression formed from a previously extratropical low about 1060 miles (1710 km) west of the Azores. It quickly strengthened into Subtropical Storm Jerry later that morning while remaining far from land. It transitioned into a fully tropical storm early on September 24, but weakened the same day as it moved over cooler waters. As it accelerated northward, it strengthened back into a tropical storm and reached its peak intensity of 45 mph (75 km/h) late on September 24. Shortly afterward, Jerry was absorbed into a larger extratropical low.
In the fourth week of September, a very large tropical wave emerged off the coast of Africa and tracked south of Cape Verde. It slowly became organized, by early on September 25, it became a tropical depression, and 6 hours later was upgraded to Tropical Storm Karen. It was slow to become stronger at first, but on September 26, Karen quickly became stronger and was made a hurricane early in the day before added wind shear stopped the intensification and began to slowly weaken the storm. Karen was declared to have been at hurricane strength by the NHC on November 27, 2007.

On September 21, an area of convection developed in the western Caribbean Sea in association with a trough of low pressure. Convection increased and a broad area of low pressure developed on September 22 as the convection moved northwestward towards the Yucatan Peninsula. On September 23 the area of low pressure moved over the Yucatan Peninsula and was producing thunderstorms from the southern Gulf of Mexico to the northwestern Caribbean Sea. Over the next few days the broad area of low pressure was moving erratically over the southwestern Gulf of Mexico but convection remained limited due to strong upper-level winds. By September 25 upper-level winds started to become more favorable for tropical cyclone formation and by that morning visible satellite imagery indicated that a tropical depression could be forming about 180 mi (290 km) east of Tampico, Mexico.

During the evening of September 25 a United States Air Force Hurricane Hunter aircraft found that the area of low pressure had developed into a tropical depression. The depression tracked slowly to the south and southwest into the Bay of Campeche. On September 26 convection increased and the depression was getting closer to being a tropical storm. At 0300 UTC September 27 the Government of Mexico issued a tropical storm watch for parts of the Mexican Gulf Coast as the depression was forecasted to strengthen into a tropical storm. Rapid intensification took place on September 27, and the depression became Tropical Storm Lorenzo around midday. Continued intensification that afternoon brought Lorenzo to near hurricane intensity. Early that evening, less than 7 hours after first being upgraded to a tropical storm, it was upgraded to Hurricane Lorenzo. It hit land on Mexico a little while after.

An area of low pressure associated with a tropical wave near the Cape Verde islands developed into a tropical depression on September 28, after slowly developing for almost two days. Early the next day it strengthened to become Tropical Storm Melissa, the eighth named storm to form in September, tying the record for most storms to form in a month. It soon weakened under the influence of shearing winds.
On October 11, a tropical depression formed in the central Atlantic east of Bermuda out of a previously non-tropical low, which could possibly have involved the remnants of Tropical Storm Karen. It dissipated without further development.

During the evening of October 27, a low pressure system that had been slowly developing over the eastern Caribbean gained enough organization to be declared Tropical Depression Sixteen. It steadily intensified and became a tropical storm on the afternoon of October 28. It made landfall in Haiti on October 29, and then meandered across the western Caribbean near Cuba for the next three days. Noel brought torrential rain to the region, killing at least 120 people. It then accelerated northeastward, passing through the Bahamas before strengthening to a hurricane on November 1. Noel began an extratropical transition on November 2. While sustained winds were still at category 1 strength, the NHC issued its final advisory that afternoon. Meanwhile, the Canadian Hurricane Centre is still issuing advisories as it approaches Canadian territory.

In the second week of December, after the official end of the hurricane season, a low developed east of the northernmost Lesser Antilles. It slowly acquired subtropical characteristics, and late on December 10, the NHC declared it Subtropical Storm Olga while just north of Puerto Rico. It is the first post-season storm since Tropical Storm Zeta in the 2005 season, making this season one of the few with activity both before and after the official bounds of the hurricane season. The storm made landfall on December 11 on the eastern tip of the Dominican Republic. Later that evening, Olga transitioned into a tropical storm just after making landfall. Further weakening took place and the storm degenerated into a remnant low late on December 12.

Flooding and mudslides caused at least 22 deaths - one in Puerto Rico, two in Haiti and at least 19 in the Dominican Republic.
The following names will be used for named storms that form in the Atlantic basin in 2007. Due to the devastation caused by Hurricanes Dean, Felix and Noel, these names were retired by the World Meteorological Organization. The names not retired from this list will be used again in the 2013 season. A storm was named Andrea for the first time in 2007. The list is the same as the 2001 list except for Andrea, Ingrid, and Melissa, which replaced Allison, Iris, and Michelle, respectively. Names that have not been assigned are marked in .

The table on the right shows the Accumulated Cyclone Energy (ACE) for each storm in the season. ACE is, basically speaking, a measure of the power of the hurricane multiplied by the length of time it existed, so storms that last a long time, as well as particularly strong hurricanes, have high ACEs. ACE is only calculated for full advisories on tropical systems at or exceeding 34 knots (39 mph, 63 km/h) or tropical storm strength. While Subtropical Storm Andrea was a named storm of the 2007 season, NOAA does not officially include subtropical storms' ACE ratings in season totals. Andrea's ACE would have been 0.603 10kt² if it was tropical. Values accrued while Gabrielle, Jerry and Olga were subtropical are not included in their totals.


Yul Brynner

Yul Brynner (July 11, 1920 – October 10, 1985) was a Broadway and Hollywood actor. He was born in Russia. He moved to the United States and became an American citizen. He appeared in many movies and stage productions in the United States. He is famous for his role as King Mongkut in the musical "The King and I" on theater and in the movie, as well as Rameses II in the 1956 Cecil B. DeMille movie "The Ten Commandments" and as "Chris Adams" in "The Magnificent Seven". He played a killer robot in the 1976 science fiction film "Westworld".

He was known for his shaved head which he kept as a personal sign since his role in "The King and I".

He is mentioned in the song "One Night in Bangkok".


Robert Redford

Robert Redford (born Charles Robert Redford, Jr. on August 18, 1936), is a retired American movie actor, director, producer, businessman, and model. One of Hollywood's biggest superstars, Redford has kept his appeal as the decades pass.

In August 2018, Redford officially announced his retirement from acting.





Salvia pratensis

Salvia pratensis (Meadow Clary or Meadow Sage; syn "Salvia virgata") is a perennial sage in the family Lamiaceae, that grows in Europe, western Asia and northern Africa. 

It is a herbaceous perennial plant and grows up to 1.5 m tall. The leaves are arranged in opposite pairs, the leaves on the lower part of the stem up to 15 cm long, higher up the stem they are smaller. The flowers are dark blue-purple, rarely pink or white. 

It is usually grows in unimproved soils, which is typical for grasslands, scrub edges, and woodland borders.

It is grown as an ornamental plant.


Raymond Burr

Raymond William Stacey Burr (May 21, 1917 – September 12, 1993) was a Canadian actor and vintner, famous for his roles in the television dramas "Perry Mason", for which he was awarded two Emmy Awards, and "Ironside".

Burr's mother was of English and Scottish ancestry; his father was Irish.

Burr may have been a closeted homosexual.


Michelle Pfeiffer

Michelle Marie Pfeiffer (born April 29, 1958) is an American actress who has been nominated for the Oscar three times. 

Pfeiffer has appeared in movie such as "Scarface", "The Witches of Eastwick", "Dangerous Liaisons", "The Fabulous Baker Boys", "Batman Returns", "Wolf" and "Hairspray".

Since 1981 until 1988 she was married to Peter Horton.

Since November 13, 1993 she has been married to David E. Kelley. They have two children, Claudia Rose Kelley (born in May 1993, was adopted) and son John Henry Kelley (born on August 5, 1994).


Plant stem

A stem is one of two main structural axes of a vascular plant. The stem is normally divided into nodes and internodes, the nodes hold leaves, flowers, cones, axillary buds, or other stems etc. 

The term "shoots" is often confused with "stems". A "shoot" generally refers to "new fresh plant growth" including both stems and other structures like leaves or flowers.

The other main structural axis of plants is the root. In most plants, stems are above the soil surface but some plants have underground stems called stolons or rhizomes.

Stems have four main functions which are:

The normal life span of plant cells is one to three years. Much of the longer-lasting tissue in trees consists of cells which are no longer living. Bark and xylem vessels are examples of this.

Stems are often specialized for storage, asexual reproduction, protection or photosynthesis, including the following: 

The most important tissue inside the stem is the vascular tissue. This plays a major part in the transpiration of water and nutrients. There are many hollow tubes, including the xylem vessel and schlerenchyma fibres. The phloem contains living tissue.

There are thousands of species whose stems have economic uses. Stems provide a few major staple crops such as potato and taro. Sugar cane stems are a major source of sugar. Maple sugar is obtained from trunks of maple trees. Vegetables from stems are asparagus, bamboo shoots, cactus pads, kohlrabi, and water chestnut. The spice, cinnamon is bark from a tree trunk.

Cellulose from tree trunks is a food additive in bread, grated Parmesan cheese, and other processed foods. Gum arabic is an important food additive obtained from the trunks of "Acacia senegal" trees. Chicle, the main ingredient in chewing gum, is obtained from trunks of the chicle tree.

Medicines obtained from stems include quinine from the bark of cinchona trees, camphor distilled from wood of a tree in the same genus that provides cinnamon, and the muscle relaxant curare from the bark of tropical vines.

Wood is a used in thousands of ways, e.g. buildings, furniture, boats, airplanes, wagons, car parts, musical instruments, sports equipment, railroad ties, utility poles, fence posts, pilings, toothpicks, matches, plywood, coffins, shingles, barrel staves, toys, tool handles, picture frames, veneer, charcoal and firewood. Wood pulp is widely used to make paper, cardboard, cellulose sponges, cellophane and some important plastics and textiles, such as cellulose acetate and rayon. Bamboo stems also have hundreds of uses, including paper, buildings, furniture, boats, musical instruments, fishing poles, water pipes, plant stakes, and scaffolding. Trunks of palm trees and tree ferns are often used for building. Reed stems are also important building materials in some areas.

Tannins used for tanning leather are obtained from the wood of certain trees, such as quebracho. Cork is obtained from the bark of the cork oak. Rubber is obtained from the trunks of "Hevea brasiliensis." Rattan, used for furniture and baskets, is made from the stems of tropical vining palms. Bast fibers for textiles and rope are obtained from stems include flax, hemp, jute and ramie. The earliest paper was obtained from the stems of papyrus by the ancient Egyptians.

Amber is fossilized sap from tree trunks; it is used for jewelry and may contain ancient animals. Resins from conifer wood are used to produce turpentine and rosin. Tree bark is often used as a mulch and in growing media for container plants.

Some ornamental plants are grown mainly for their attractive stems, e.g.:


NNDB

NNDB, standing for Notable Names Database, produced by Soylent Communications, is an online database of biographical information of notable people. As of March 2007, NNDB contains more than 60,000 articles for over 22,000 important people. Readers may suggest additions or corrections which are later checked by a NNDB staff member.


Vascular plant

The vascular plants, or tracheophytes, are plants that have specialized tissues for conducting water, minerals, and photosynthetic products through the plant. They include the ferns, clubmosses, horsetails, flowering plants, conifers and other gymnosperms. They are often called the higher plants.

The vascular plants are set apart in two main ways:

Water transport happens in either xylem or phloem: xylem carries water and inorganic solutes upward toward the leaves from the roots, while phloem carries organic solutes throughout the plant.




Treaty on the Final Settlement with Respect to Germany

The Treaty on the Final Settlement with Respect to Germany ( ) is sometimes called the 2 + 4 Treaty.

It was signed by the two Germanys (West and East) and the four Wartime Allies (France, the United States, the United Kingdom, and the Soviet Union (USSR)) on 12 September 1990, in Moscow, USSR.

The treaty formally ended the Second World War. The Allies of World War II gave up the powers and duties they had had in the two Germanys and in Berlin since the Nazi Surrender in 1945 stopped the fighting in World War II.

Six countries signed the treaty but only five ratified (confirmed) it. This is because Germany united under one government on 3 October 1990, three weeks after the treaty was signed.

The treaty allowed East and West German reunification into one country. It said that Germany will be peaceful, and not start wars. Germany promised to limit the size of its Army, Navy, and Air force, and not to make nuclear bombs. 

The treaty also set guidelines about moving the foreign troops that were in Germany. The USSR was to move all of its troops out of Eastern Germany and Eastern Berlin by 1994. The three Western allies were asked to keep their troops in Berlin until the Soviets had left. Germany also promised not to allow NATO troops to move into Eastern Germany, and not to allow certain types of weapons in the East either. 

The treaty also set Germany's borders, and the German government confirmed that the treaty it made with Poland in 1970 about the border between the countries, was to stay in force.

On 15 March 1991, the treaty treaty took effect, and Germany became fully sovereign (that is, able to control everything in its own territory, including Berlin).

Non-vascular plant

Non-vascular plants is a general term for those plants without a vascular system (xylem and phloem). Although non-vascular plants do not have these tissues, some of them have other tissues for internal transport of water.

Nonvascular plants have no roots, stems, or leaves. These structures always have some vascular tissue. 

The term "non-vascular plant" is no longer used in biological classification. Non-vascular plants include two quite different groups:


In the past, the term "non-vascular plant" included all the algae, but also the fungi as well. Today, it is recognized that these groups are not closely related to plants, and have a very different biology.


Vascular tissue

Vascular tissue is a complex tissue found in vascular plants. Complex means that it is composed of more than one cell type.

The primary components of vascular tissue are the xylem and phloem. These two tissues transport fluid and nutrients internally. There is a meristem associated with vascular tissue: the vascular cambium. All the vascular tissues within a particular plant together constitute the vascular tissue system of that plant.


Phloem

In vascular plants, phloem is the living tissue made up of small tubes which carry watery sap containing sugar and other organic nutrients to all parts of the plant where the nutrients are used for growth, or stored until needed. The sugar is made by photosynthesis. In trees, the phloem is the innermost layer of the bark, therefore the name, that comes from the Greek word φλοιος ("phloios") for "bark". 

Aphids (greenfly) and other insects feed on the phloem by inserting a fine tube into the plant, penetrating the tiny phloem cells deep within the plant. The high pressure in the phloem tubes forces the phloem sap into the insect. Most of the sugar passes right through the insect, so that nearby surfaces get sticky and often become black due to the growth of fungus.
Water, which is absorbed by the plant's roots, travels up the stem to the leaf through the xylem. This means that the xylem helps during photosynthesis by bringing water up the plant. It does the same job that blood vessels do in animals.


Walter Matthau

Walter Matthau (October 1, 1920–July 1, 2000) was an American actor, comedian and film director. He starred with Jack Lemmon in "The Odd Couple" and its sequel "The Odd Couple II". He won the Academy Award for "The Fortune Cookie".



Susan Sarandon

Susan Sarandon (born October 4, 1946) is an American actress. She was born in New York City and grew up in Edison, New Jersey. She has received many awards in her career for her work, including the Academy Award in 1995 for her role at the movie "Dead Man Walking", written and directed by her partner, actor and director Tim Robbins.

In 2022, she came out as bisexual.


Tim Robbins

Timothy Francis Robbins (born October 16, 1958) is an American actor, screenwriter, director, producer, activist, and amateur musician. He has won many awards in his career, including the Academy Award in 2004 for his work in "Mystic River". 

He was born in West Covina, Los Angeles County and raised in New York City. He was the partner of actress Susan Sarandon from 1988 to 2009.


Tigran Chukhajian

Tigran Chukhajian (1837-1898) was a famous Armenian composer and the founder of the first opera institution in the Ottoman Empire. He composed the first Armenian opera, "Arshak II", about the life of Armenian king Arshak II.

Jamie Lee Curtis

Jamie Lee Curtis, Lady Haden-Guest (born November 22, 1958) is an American actress and author. Although at the beginning of her career she was known as a because of her roles in many horror movies (beginning with her first ever role as Laurie Strode in 1978's "Halloween"), Curtis has since appeared in a variety of different movie genres. Her role as Deirdre Beaubeirdre in the 2022 movie "Everything Everywhere All at Once" earned her an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress and a Screen Actors Guild Award. She has also received a Grammy Award nomination and two Golden Globe Awards. 

Her 1998 book, "Today I Feel Silly, and Other Moods That Make My Day," made "The New York Times" best-seller list. In the late 2010s, Curtis returned as Strode in the horror movie "Halloween" (2018) and its sequels "Halloween Kills" (2020) and "Halloween Ends" (2021). She also played Linda Drysdale in the mystery comedy movie "Knives Out" (2019) and is well known for her roles as Wanda Gershwitz in "A Fish Called Wanda" (1988) and Helen Tasker in "True Lies" (1994).

Curtis was born in Santa Monica, California. She is the daughter of actor Tony Curtis and actress Janet Leigh. Her paternal grandparents were Hungarian Jewish immigrants and two of her maternal great-grandparents were Danish. Curtis's parents divorced in 1962, after which her mother married Robert Brandt. Curtis has an older sister, Kelly Curtis, who is also an actress, and several half-siblings (all from her father's remarriages), Alexandra, Allegra, Ben, and Nicholas Curtis (who died in 1994 of a drug overdose). Curtis attended Westlake School (now Harvard-Westlake School) in Los Angeles and Beverly Hills High School, and graduated from Choate Rosemary Hall. Returning to California in 1976, she attended the University of the Pacific in Stockton, California. She considered majoring in social work, but quit after one semester to pursue an acting career.

She is married to actor Christopher Guest (Baron Haden-Guest) and, as the wife of a Baron, she has the title Baroness Haden-Guest and she could be called The Lady Haden-Guest, but she chooses not to use the title nor the style when in the United States.


People's Republic

People's Republic (sometimes called Popular Republic) is a name for a communist, usually Marxist-Leninist country. Currently, the People's Republic of China (PRC) is the only Marxist-Leninist state in the world that uses the title "People's Republic". Because of this, "People's Republic" is sometimes used to refer to China.
The term is also found in the official name of North Korea - Democratic People's Republic of Korea.

Michael J. Fox

Michael Andrew Fox (born June 9, 1961), known professionally as Michael J. Fox, is a retired Canadian-American actor, author, film producer and activist with a film and television career spanning from the 1970s to 2020. He played Marty McFly in "Back to the Future" trilogy. On television, he played Alex P. Keaton in the NBC sitcom "Family Ties" and Mike Flaherty on the ABC sitcom "Spin City". He has won five Primetime Emmy Awards, four Golden Globe Awards, a Grammy Award and two Screen Actors Guild Awards.

Fox was diagnosed with Parkinson's disease in 1991, and told the public about it in 1998. He semi-retired from acting in 2000 as the symptoms of the disease worsened. He has since become an advocate for research toward finding a cure, and founded the Michael J. Fox Foundation. Sweden's Karolinska Institute gave him an honorary doctorate on March 5, 2010 for his work advocating a cure for Parkinson's disease.

Fox has also worked as a voice-over actor on films, such as "Stuart Little" and "". On the CBS television show "The Good Wife", he earned Emmy nominations for three consecutive years for his recurring role as crafty attorney Louis Canning. He has also taken recurring guest roles and cameo appearances in "Boston Legal", "Scrubs", "Curb Your Enthusiasm", "Rescue Me", and "Designated Survivor". He has written four books. Fox was appointed an Officer of the Order of Canada in 2010 and was also inducted into Canada's Walk of Fame in 2000.


Hurt (Christina Aguilera song)

"Hurt" is a song sung by Christina Aguilera, from her 2006 album "Back to Basics". The song was written by Aguilera, Linda Perry and Mark Ronson. It is a slow, emotional ballad. It was released as the second single from her "Back to Basics" album, after "Ain't No Other Man". It charted in many countries in the world.

Movie producer

A movie producer creates the conditions for making movies. The producer checks and controls things such as getting the money to make the movie, employing personnel, and arranging for distributors. The producer is involved in all parts of the process of making a movie from the beginning to completion of a project. Usually, the producer is considered the chief of staff and is in control of the non-artistic side of movie making, while the director is in charge of the filming and the artistic part.


Gastroenteritis

Gastroenteritis is a medical term for inflammation of the stomach and intestines. It causes diarrhea, vomiting and stomach pain. It usually happens because of infection by a virus or bacteria. Another term for Gastroenteritis is Stomach Flu. 

Other common terms for gastroenteritis include infectious diarrhea, stomach bug, and stomach virus. It is sometimes called stomach flu or gastric flu, but it is "not" related to the influenza virus (which is often shortened to 'flu').

Television pilot

Television pilot, usually called just a "pilot", is a test episode made to sell a television series. It may be broadcast as the first episode if the series is sold to a network or cable channel, and sometimes has different actors or other differences to the real series. There are also many series whose pilot episodes are titled ""Pilot"". While many pilots are made, few make it to the screen, and even fewer go on to become full television series because of big competition between networks and producers. There are many types of television pilots. Some pilots are put on other shows first to start the show. These are called "backdoor pilots". An example of a backdoor pilot is "Gloria: The First Day" is an episode in "Archie Bunker's Place" but is used to start "Gloria". A "put pilot" is a pilot that a network agrees to put on television and if they do no they have to pay a lot of money to the television studio. An "unsold pilot" is a pilot episode that are made by a studio but are not put on television. 

James Doohan

James Montgomery Doohan (March 3, 1920 – July 20, 2005) LVO was a Canadian actor and voice actor. He is best known for his role as "Montgomery "Scotty" Scott" in the movie and television series "Star Trek". Doohan's character was one of the most typical elements in the "Star Trek" franchise.

Doohan was also a veteran of World War II. After his success with "Star Trek", he showed a lot of support through the years for his fans by making many public appearances.


Javanese language

Javanese (); ; Aksara Jawa: ; Pegon: ; ) is the native language of Javanese people which originated from the island of Java. Being the most populous island in the world, a lot of community in Java island could understand the Javanese language naturally despite not having a Javanese-ethnic identity. The Javanese language is recognized as one of the regional languages ( the native or indigenous languages) in Indonesia with the largest speakers concentrated in the provinces of Yogyakarta, Central Java, and East Java. The Javanese language also recognized as one of the minority languages in some countries worldwide, mainly in Suriname, Netherlands, New Caledonia, Hong Kong, Australia, Carribean, Sri Lanka, and neighbouring Southeast Asian countries.

Javanese is spoken throughout Indonesia, neighboring Southeast Asian countries, the Netherlands, Suriname, New Caledonia and other countries. However, the greatest concentration of speakers is in the six provinces of Java itself, and in the neighboring Sumatran province of Lampung.

Below, a table with the number of native speakers in 1980 is provided.


Javanese

Javanese may refer to:




Michael Douglas

Michael Kirk Douglas (born September 25, 1944) is an American actor and producer and activist. He has acted in movies and on television, who came to fame as "Insp. Steve Keller" in the popular 1970s television series "The Streets of San Francisco".

He later became a successful movie star, and won the Academy Award in 1987 for his work in "Wall Street". Douglas has acted in many other successful movies, including "Fatal Attraction" and "Basic Instinct".

He is the eldest son of actor Kirk Douglas, but also Krirk Douglas and Mrirk Douglas. He is the husband of actress Catherine Zeta-Jones. In 2010, he was diagnosed with throat cancer; in 2011 he said he had recovered.


Kirk Douglas

Kirk Douglas (born Issur Danielovitch; December 9, 1916 – February 5, 2020) was an American actor and movie director. Douglas acted in many of Hollywood's well-known movies, including "Spartacus". He also starred as Vincent van Gogh in "Lust for Life".

His parents were Jews from the Russian Empire. He was the father of actor and producer Michael Douglas. 

He came in at #17 on AFI's list of the greatest male American screen legends of all time and was one of two living actors on the list (Sidney Poitier is the other).

In 1995, he was given an Honorary Academy Award. In 1956, he won a Golden Globe Award.

Kirk Douglas died on February 5, 2020 in Beverly Hills, California at the age of 103.


James Stewart

James Maitland Stewart (May 20, 1908 – July 2, 1997) was an American actor and military officer. In his career, he starred in many movies considered classics and was nominated for five Oscars, winning one in competition and one life achievement. Stewart became so familiar to the American public that he was most usually referred to by them as "Jimmy" Stewart.

He was named the third Greatest Male Star of All Time by the American Film Institute.

Stewart was an outspoken conservative Republican.


James Cagney

James Francis Cagney, Jr. (July 17, 1899 – March 30, 1986) was an American actor, dancer and movie director who had many roles in his long career, and won the Oscar for Best Actor in 1942 for his role in "Yankee Doodle Dandy".

Like James Stewart, Cagney became so familiar to the public that they usually referred to him as "Jimmy" Cagney. In 1999, the American Film Institute ranked Cagney eighth among the Greatest Male Stars of All Time.


Spencer Tracy

Spencer Bonaventure Tracy (April 5, 1900 – June 10, 1967) was an American actor who appeared in movies for thirty years.

In 1999, the American Film Institute named Tracy among the Greatest Male Stars of All Time, ranking 9th on the list of 100. He was nominated for nine Academy Awards for Best Actor, and won it two times, in 1937 and 1938. Along with Tom Hanks, he is one of the only two actors to ever be given two Oscars in two consecutive years. He was a long-time live-in partner of famous actress Katharine Hepburn whilst remaining legally married to another woman until his death. He was diabetic and died of a heart attack. He was a devout Catholic.



Gary Cooper

Gary Cooper (born Frank James Cooper; May 7, 1901 – May 13, 1961) was an American actor. Cooper received five Oscar nominations for Best Actor, and won it two times, in 1941 and 1952. He also received an Honorary Award from the Academy in 1961. In 1999, the American Film Institute named Cooper among the Greatest Male Stars of All Time, ranking at No. 11.


James Edward Keeler

James Edward Keeler (September 10 1857 – August 12 1900) was an American astronomer.

He worked at Lick Observatory beginning in 1888 but was appointed director of the University of Pittsburgh's Allegheny Observatory in 1891. He returned to Lick Observatory as its director in 1898, but died not long after in 1900. He had married in 1891 and left a widow and two children.

He discovered two asteroids, although the second was lost and only recovered about 100 years later.

Cassini–Huygens

Cassini–Huygens was a space mission, sent to Saturn, the sixth planet from the Sun to study its rings, and its moons.

The mission was made by NASA, the European Space Agency (ESA), and Italian Space Agency (ASI). The spacecraft had two main parts: the Cassini orbiter and the Huygens probe. It was launched on October 15, 1997 and entered into orbit around Saturn on July 1, 2004. It was the first spacecraft to orbit Saturn and the fourth to visit Saturn (the others were flybys and did not enter orbit). The mission ended September 2017.

The orbiter was named after the Italian-French astronomer Giovanni Domenico Cassini, who discovered some moons of Saturn. Most of the orbiter was designed and built by NASA, although ASI built and programmed some parts that talked to the Huygens probe. The spacecraft spent 13 years in orbit, sending back data. It visited many parts of the Saturn system until it was short of fuel. The Cassini–Huygens ended with a controlled crash into Saturn's atmosphere on September 15, 2017.

ESA (European Space Agency) made the Huygens probe, named after the Dutch astronomer, mathematician, and physicist Christiaan Huygens who discovered Titan. On December 25 2004, the Huygens probe left the orbiter. A couple weeks later, the probe parachuted onto Saturn's largest moon Titan. Astronomers have wondered what the surface of Titan was like, since it was hidden under thick clouds. It is the only moon in our solar system with a thick atmosphere. The probe descended and sent pictures and other data back for scientists to study. After 90 minutes on the moon, the spacecraft stopped working, as expected. It is the farthest place we have ever landed a spacecraft. The pictures sent while parachuting showed rivers, probably of liquid methane. The surface is much too cold for water.


Fern

Ferns are a group of about 20,000 species of plants. About 10,000 are living: they are in the division Pteridophyta. 

Unlike bryophytes, ferns have xylem and phloem, which makes them vascular plants. Unlike seed plants like angiosperms (flowering plants) or gymnosperms, ferns do not have seeds. Instead, they reproduce by releasing their spores into the environment where the germinate into a Prothallus.

Most ferns belong to the Class Leptosporangiata (or Pteridopsida). This includes most of those you see in gardens and woods. The horsetails belong to another class, the Equisetopsida, which was extremely important in the Carboniferous period. Only one genus survives. The other classes of fern are also quite small today.

Ferns do not have waxes or special cells on their surface that keep water from evaporating. This means that they best live in a place where there is a lot of fog or has a lot of rainfall and is in a shade that protects them from direct sunlight. Most do have roots, stems, and leaves. Their stems may form runners, called stolons above the ground, or rhizomes below ground. The leaves are green and large, and may have spores on the underside. Some ferns grow large in moist places. They can survive in more places than mosses, but not as much as seed plants.

During the Carboniferous period – from 350 million years ago – ferns lived everywhere on land. These ferns, called tree ferns grew up to 30 metres. There were huge forests of ferns and mosses, giant horsetails, full of giant insects, etc. Today, there are no large forests of tree ferns and tree ferns are not so large.



Horror movie

A horror movie is a movie made to scare the viewer. The main stories of horror movies often involve supernatural forces or characters of evil origin. Horror movies are often confused with thrillers, which are similar.

Popular horror movie characters usually include monsters. Early horror movies often took ideas from classic literature, such as "The Mummy", "Dracula" and "The Wolf Man".

Slasher movies are a subgenre of horror movies. They are often also a type of thriller movie. Slasher movies normally have a psychopathic killer killing a sequence of people. This is usually in a very violent way. The genre may have been inspired by "giallo", a similar movie genre originating in Italy.

While movies made as early as 1932 had aspects of slasher movies in them, the genre was not really defined until the late 1970s. The 1974 movie "Black Christmas" is considered the first slasher movie.. "Halloween" (1978), "Friday the 13th" (1980) and "Scream" (1996) did very well at the box office and showed that slasher movies could make lots of money.

Psychological horror movies are a subgenre of traditional horror movies which focuses more on the mental instability of its characters than on graphic violence, serial killers or monsters, for example. Most of the time this genre deal with the character's phobias, psychological traumas, paranoia, and etc. The genre often overlaps with psychological thriller as well. "Dead Silence" (2007), "The Shining" and "The Babadook" (2014), are some examples of psychological horror movies.

Those are movies which blends horror and comic elements in its plot. Unlike common, traditional horror movies, in this movie genre, the viewer may be scared and laugh at the same time. Most of time, the type of humour used in these movies is black comedy.

Some examples includes "Zombieland" (2009), "The Raven" (1963), "Scary Movie" (2000), "Shaun of the Dead" (2004) and "" (2024).

Laurence Fishburne

Laurence Fishburne III (born July 30, 1961) is an American actor of movies and theater, playwright, director, and producer. He was nominated for the Oscar, and won the Emmy and Tony Awards. He is famous for his roles in successful movies like "Apocalypse Now" and "The Matrix". Fishburne was the first African-American actor to play Perry White in "Man of Steel".

Fishburne was born in Augusta, Georgia and moved to Brooklyn, New York City during his childhood.


Martin Sheen

Martin Sheen (born August 3, 1940) is a Spanish-Irish-American actor. He is best known for his role as "Captain Willard" in the film "Apocalypse Now" and, most recently, as President "Josiah Bartlet" on the acclaimed and long-running television drama series "The West Wing". He won both the Emmy and Golden Globe Awards for his works. His mother was an Irish immigrant; his father was a Spanish immigrant.


Marlene Dietrich

Marlene Dietrich ; (27 December 1901 – 6 May 1992) was a German-American actress, singer and entertainer. She was thought to have been the first German actress to become successful in Hollywood.

In her long career, starting as a cabaret singer, chorus girl and movie actress in Berlin in the 1920s. She became a Hollywood movie star in the 1930s. She was a World War II entertainer at the front of war during the 1940s. Her final job was as an international theatre show performer from the 1950s to the 1970s. Dietrich became one of the most important movie icons of the 20th century. The American Film Institute ranked Dietrich No. 9 amongst the Greatest Female Stars of All Time.

Dietrich was bisexual. She became an American citizen in 1937.



Northern Kurdistan

Northern Kurdistan (Kurdish: "Bakurê Kurdistanê" or "Kurdistanê Bakur") or Turkish Kurdistan, refers to the eastern and southeastern part of Turkey where Kurds are majority people. According to Kurdish Institute of Paris, the total population of region is 14,2 million in 2016 and according to several surveys, 86% of them are Kurds. 
In the first census of Turkey in 1927, Kurdish was the largest first language in the provinces of Ağrı (58%), Bitlis (75%), Diyarbakır (69%), Elazığ (53%), Hakkâri (89%), Mardin (61%), Siirt (74%, includes present-day Batman) and Van (77%). Moreover, Kurdish was the largest first language with a plurality in Şanlıurfa with 42%. 69% of the population in Muş Province had Kurdish as their first language in the census of 1935, the first census conducted there after the province was split from Bitlis earlier. Dersim's (Tunceli) language distribution is 69.5% Kurdish and Zaza in 1927. Bingöl Province was separated from Muş in 1935, while Tunceli Province was separated from Elazığ in 1936 and Kurdish was also the first language in these newly-established provinces in their first census in 1945 with 56% and 53%, respectively.


Mount Etna

Mount Etna is a volcano on the east coast of Sicily, part of southern Italy. It is the largest active volcano in Europe. Mount Etna erupts every few years.

Etna's most destructive eruption in historic times started on 11 March 1669. It produced lava flows that destroyed 10 villages and reached the town of Catania five weeks later, on 15 April. Many buildings were destroyed and few people were killed.

Major twentieth century eruptions occurred in 1928, 1949, 1971, 1983 and 1992, as well as the 2001 eruption. In 1971, it buried the Etna Observatory (built in the late 19th century) under lava. The 1992 eruption saw the town of Zafferana threatened by a lava flow, but successful diversion efforts saved the town with the loss of only one building a few hundred metres outside it.

In 2002–2003, the biggest series of eruptions for many years threw up a huge column of ash that could easily be seen from space and fell as far away as Libya, on the far side of the Mediterranean Sea. Seismic activity in this eruption caused the eastern flanks of the volcano to slip by up to two metres, and many houses on the flanks of the volcano were damaged. The eruption also destroyed the Rifugio Sapienza, a ski resort on the southern flank of the volcano.



Rojava

Rojava, or Western Kurdistan, or Syrian Kurdistan, is a part of divided Kurdistan in the Middle East. It consists of three areas called 'cantons' in Northern Syria but the Syrian government is not in control there. Instead, since a revolution which happened early on in the Syrian Civil War, it has had its own independent government, although it does not claim to be a new independent country, calling itself a 'federal autonomous region' inside of Syria instead.

Many people in Rojava are Kurds, but there are also many different ethnic groups living there, such as Turkmen,Arabs, Syriacs, Assyrians, and Yezidis. Kurds are the largest ethnic minority group in Syria. Before the civil war, many human rights organizations such as Amnesty International said that the Syrian government treated the Kurds very poorly. Kurds in Syria are not allowed to officially use the Kurdish language, and also not allowed to register children with Kurdish names, start businesses that do not have Arabic names, build Kurdish private schools, or publish any books or other materials written in Kurdish. But this is no longer enforced due to the civil war.

This gave the Kurds many reasons to support a revolution against the government. They also needed to organize an army to defend themselves from the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL) which almost took control of Rojava because the government could not defend it due to the civil war. ISIL is still at war with Rojava. As of 2017, there is a truce between Rojava and the Syrian government. The United States have given money and weapons to Rojava to help defeat ISIL but some say that they are supporting ISIL.

Rojava is claiming to be a democracy. It has a constitution which says that women's rights and the rights of ethnic and religious minorities have to be respected. In the Middle East this is very unusual. There are two military organisations one for men, the YPG, and an army for women, the YPJ.

Eastern Kurdistan

Eastern Kurdistan or Iranian Kurdistan is the part of Iran inhabited by Kurds, or the part of Kurdistan that is within Iran. Some of Iranian Kurdistan is in Iran's Kurdistan Province.

Iranian Kurdistan is next to the Iraqi Kurdistan. Further to the west are Turkish Kurdistan and Syrian Kurdistan.

Eastern Kurdistan is the name for the western and north-western regions of Iran. Iranian Kurdistan is between the central Zagros Mountains and the north-western international border of Iran. The lands of Kurdistan Province, West Azarbaijan Province, Kermanshah Province, Ilam Province are part of Iranian Kurdistan. The lands in parts of Hamadan Province where people speak Kurdish are also a part of Kurdistan. The area of Iranian Kurdistan is more than .

There are important rivers and forests and Kurdistan. At Kermanshah, there is an oil field. Lake Urmia is a salt lake that is the largest lake in Kurdistan. The mountains of Kurdistan have always been important for military strategy. The northern and central Zagros Mountains are where two important trade routes of the Silk Road economic system passed through Iran.

The most common crops in all of Kurdistan are cereals and tobacco. The most common livestock in Kurdistan are domestic sheep. Farmers grow strawberries and other fruits in southern Iranian Kurdistan. 

Saqqez can be one of the coldest places in all Kurdistan. It can be in the winter at Saqqez. 

Iran has the second-largest population of Kurds in the world. (Only Turkey has a larger Kurdish population.) Kurds are the third-largest ethnic group in Iran, and only the Persians and Azerbaijani people have larger populations. Iranian Kurdistan is next to Iran's international borders with Turkey, Armenia, and Iraq.

There are different estimates of how many Kurds are in Iran. In the "Routledge Handbook on the Kurds", scholars write that there are about 7 million Kurds in Iran. The Kurdish population is about one tenth of Iran's whole population. In "The Kurds: An Encyclopedia", there scholars write that there are between eight and ten million Kurds in Iran. The Kurdish population is between 11% and 15% of Iran's whole population.

Between five and seven million Kurds live in Iranian Kurdistan. Most are Sunni, but about 1.5 million are Shia Kermanshahi Kurds, who have not interest in Kurdistan becoming independent.

Not all of Iran's Kurds live in Iranian Kurdistan, and many Kurds live in Khorasan Province. There are Kurdish populations in the cities of Khorasan, where there are many Kurdish villages spread over . There may now be about two million Kurds in Khorasan, and many of them speak Kurmanji Kurdish. Most of the Kurds of Khorasan live in villages, but there are also populations in Nishapur, Mashhad, Sabzevar, Quchan, Bojnoord, and Esfarayen.

In the past, the land of Kurdistan was in two parts. From the 17th century, one part was inside the Ottoman Empire, and the other part was Iranian Kurdistan. Iranian Kurdistan was inside Iran.

Many of the Kurds in Khorasan Province are descendants of the tens of thousands of Kurds whom Abbas the Great, the shah of Iran, moved from Iranian Kurdistan to the borders of Afghanistan and the land that is now Turkmenistan. Shah Abbas's government did this between 1598 and 1610. The government had moved many Kurds there in the 16th century, in order to make the Kurds fight against the Uzbek people who were then attacking Iran. 

After the Persian Constitutional Revolution of 1905–1911, the Kurds in Iranian Kurdistan's towns supported the new system of local government, but the Kurdish tribes in the countryside supported the shah ("the king of Iran").
The armies of the Russian Empire took control of Iranian Kurdistan in World War I, during the Persian Campaign. The February Revolution in Russia meant that the Russian provisional government no longer wanted to control Iranian Kurdistan. Nikolai Baratov, a Russian army general acting for the government, made an agreement with the local Iranian Kurds. They would attack the Ottoman army and help the Russians, and the Russian government would help set up an independent Kurdish state.

When the Ottoman Empire fell apart after World War I, the British Empire and the French Empire took parts of Ottoman Kurdistan. Although the governments in Britain and France said that a Kurdish state could be set up in Turkish Kurdistan, they did not say that Iranian Kurdistan should join it. Britain and France did not want to anger Iran, and they made no plans for Iranian Kurds to be part of a new Kurdish state. Iran kept Iranian Kurdistan.

At a Kurdish congress, Sheikh Ubeydullah brought together Kurds from Iranian Kurdistan and Kurds from the parts of Kurdistan in the Ottoman Empire. Sheikh Ubeydullah worked for the unification of Iranian Kurdistan with Ottoman Kurdistan, and for political independence in Kurdistan.

Iran's Islamic Republic stopped letting foreign scholars travel into Iran in the 1980s. Because of this, people outside Iran do not know much about Kurds in Iran or about Iranian Kurdistan.

The Iranian government is fighting a slow battle with the Kurdistan Free Life Party (PJAK). The fighting has increased in 2005 and takes place around the Qandil Mountains and the international border with Iraq. The PJAK started as a branch of the Kurdistan Workers' Party (PKK) from Turkish Kurdistan.

The United Nations says that the Iranian government oppresses Kurds in Iran. The Iranian government assassinated Iranian Kurdish leaders living in Europe in the 1980s. Asma Jahangir told the United Nations Human Rights Council that almost half of all the political prisoners in Iran were Kurds. One fifth of all the people executed in Iran during 2016 were Kurds.

Kurds in Iran speak a number of Kurdish languages. Kurdish language is the most important sign of Kurdish cultural identity in Iran. Kurdish is an Iranian language and an Indo-European language like the Persian language, but people that speak Persian do not understand Kurdish.

Most Kurds in Iran speak the Sorani dialect. Kurds in the Kurdish cities of Mahabad, Saqqez, Sanandaj, and Marivan speak Sorani. Kurds also speak Sorani in Arbil, Sulaymaniyah, and Kirkuk in nearby Iraqi Kurdistan. In Kermanshah, Kurds speak the Kirmanshani dialect. In the Lorestan area, the Lurs people speak the Luri language. The Luri language has similarities with the Kirmanshani dialect. Kermanshah is next to Lorestan. Around the city of Paveh and some other towns, Kurds speak the Gorani language.

Poetry is important for Iranian Kurds, because their position is made difficult by the ideology and oppression of Iran. The culture of Iranian Kurdistan is close to Iraqi Kurdistan's culture. Modern Kurdish language poetry in Iranian Kurdistan came from the Kurdish poetry of modern Iraqi Kurdistan and from modern Persian language poetry. The most important poets are Sware Ilkhanizadeh, Fateh Sheikh, Ali Hasaniani and Solayman Chireh. After the Republic of Mahabad fell in 1946, three important Iranian Kurdish poets moved to Iraqi Kurdistan: Abdurrahman Sharafkandi (known as Hazhar); Muhammad Amin Shiekholeslami (known as Hemin); and Khalid Hisami (known as Hedi). Iraqi Kurdish poetry was most important for Iranian Kurdish poets in the 1980s. From the 1990s, newer poets like Azad Rostami and Behzad Kordestani used newer forms in their poetry. Omid Warzandeh, Raza Alipour, Kambiz Karimi, Jalal Malaksha and Saleh Suzani are now among the poets of Iranian Kurdistan.

Some Iranian Kurdish writers have written novels which are important to Kurdish literature. Writers have published novels in Iraqi Kurdistan as well as in Iranian Kurdistan. Ata Nahayee, Qader Hedayati, Shahram Qawami and Kamran Hamidi are among these writers. Many Iranian Kurds have worked to improve Kurdish culture in Iraqi Kurdistan. In Iraqi Kurdistan, written works by Iranian Kurdish writers are very common. Publishers in Arbil and Sulaymaniyah in Iraqi Kurdistan make Sorani Kurdish translations of works written in other Kurdish dialects.

Most of the provinces of Iran on the country's international borders (with the inclusion of Iranian Kurdistan) have lower rates of literacy than the average for Iran. Before Iran's Literacy Movement Organization () started, it was mostly madrasas and other Islamic schools that worked for the education of the population in Iranian Kurdistan. These schools did not teach much science or technology, and the teachers taught religion and literature. In Iran, literacy is a synonym for being able to read and write in the Persian language. (Persian is the official language of Iran and the only language used in government schools.) Because of this, many Kurds in Iranian Kurdistan cannot read or write in Kurdish. Many Kurdish children do not learn Kurdish, and tutors and private schools are important in teaching Kurdish language and literature.

Although Iran's constitution makes Persian the only official language, it also makes allowance for other languages to be taught and published as a political right. Until the 21st century however, there was a total ban on Kurdish in schools until the Ministry of Education gave approval to Kurdish language teaching in middle schools. In 2015, the Ministry of Science, Research, and Technology gave its approval to a Bachelor of Arts academic degree programme at Sanandaj's University of Kurdistan.

There are Kurdish language magazine and newspapers, and there are local television programmes and radio programmes in some Kurdish dialects.

Many Kurds in Iranian Kurdistan follow the religion of Yarsanism. About 37 percent of the two million people in Kermanshah Province follow Yarsanism. There may be one million followers of Yarsanism altogether. Around Kermanshah, some Kurds belong to Shia Islam. There are Faili Kurds who belong to Shia Islam in both Iranian Kurdistan and Iraqi Kurdistan. Starting in the 1960s, about 150,000 Faili Kurds were sent out of Iraq into Iran. These Faili Kurds could not prove they had citizenship in Iraq because Faili Kurds in the past had not wanted citizenship in the Ottoman Empire.

Before the 1950s, there were many Jewish people in Kurdistan. There were 19 Jewish communities in Iranian Kurdistan in 1948. Most Jewish people left Kurdistan after that time, but there is still a population of Jews in Iranian Kurdistan. Iranian Jewish Kurds were more integrated with local people than Jews in the rest of Iran were. In the 1950s, there were 3,000–4,000 Jewish Kurds in Iran. Most of the Jews in Iranian Kurdistan lived in the cities of Sanandaj, Kermanshah and Urmia. Many of them were physicians or merchants. After the Islamic Revolution in Iran, many Jews left Iranian Kurdistan.

There used to be many Christian people living in the plain around Urmia who belonged to the Assyrian Church of the East. They were in a lower position in society than the Kurds, the Turks, and the Persians. The plain of Urmia is one of the only places in Kurdistan where there is a large Christian population.

Most Kurds in Khorasan are Shia Muslims.

John Terry

John George Terry (born 7 December 1980) is an English former football player and manager. Terry played as a defender. He was the captain for Chelsea in the English Premier League and Aston Villa in the EFL Championship. He was also a member of the England national team. He was a manager of Aston Villa from 2018 until 2021.

Terry is known as one of the best defenders in the world. He was voted best defender in the UEFA Champions League in 2005. He was also the only English player to be named in the group of best players for the 2006 FIFA World Cup. He wears the number 26 shirt for Chelsea and the number 6 shirt for England. Terry missed the penalty which could have won the Champions League 2008. He slipped when he was taking the penalty, giving Manchester United the title.

Terry was a Chelsea Youth player. Before he became a defender he was a midfielder in 1992. To help Terry get some first team experience he was loaned out to Nottingham Forest in 2000 until 2002, when he came back to Chelsea.

Terry is married to his childhood sweetheart Toni Poole. She who supported him financially when he was a Chelsea F.C trainee. They married on 15 June 2007, in Blenheim Palace in Oxfordshire. They have twins, Georgie and Summer, born in 2006.

Chelsea

Individual

Umbrella (song)

"Umbrella" is a song by Barbadian singer Rihanna. It features American rapper Jay-Z. It is the lead single from Rihanna's third studio album, "Good Girl Gone Bad". It was written by Jay-Z, Terius Nash and Christopher Stewart. It was released on March 29, 2007 as a single and digital download. It was very successful worldwide reaching number one in multiple countries. The song is 4 minutes and 35 seconds long.

The songwriters of "Umbrella" offered the song to a number of labels before Rihanna finally accepted and recorded it. The song was first offered by Britney Spears but she turned it down. Although it was released officially on March 29, 2007, it was released in some parts of the United States on March 28. In the United Kingdom, the single was released as a digital download on May 14 and as a physical single on May 28.

The music video for "Umbrella" was directed by Chris Applebaum on April 13, 2007. It premiered on April 26 at the thisisrihanna.com website. The video was released on May 11, and reached the number one spot for eight weeks.

The video features Jay-Z rapping in the beginning while in a rain of sparks. Rihanna is then shown singing in a steamy place. In the first chorus, Rihanna walks around en pointe while in the rain. In the second verse, she is seen dancing with an umbrella in a different place. Later, she is painted silver and posing in several positions while nude. At the end of the video, Rihanna is again dancing with an umbrella while in a shower of sparks falling like rain.

A number of remixes were made for the song. Lil' Mama is featured in one remix. Chris Brown performed an answer song with different lyrics, called "Cinderella."

"Umbrella" reached the number one spot in a number of countries. It topped the charts in the United States, Canada, United Kingdom, Ireland, Australia, New Zealand, Poland, Austria, Belgium, Norway and Switzerland at the same time. It peaked at the top spot in the United Kingdom for ten weeks in a row from May 20 to July 29, 2007. It was the longest running number one song since "Love Is All Around" by Wet Wet Wet in 1994 (that song spent 15 weeks). It was knocked off the number one spot in the UK by Timbaland's "The Way I Are".

The song's reign at number one in the UK happened when the country was hit by extreme rainfall and flooding, which led some people to jokingly suggest the two events were related, calling it the "Rihanna Curse". Interestingly in Greece (the single's worst performing market) "Umbrella" was released at a time when people were suffering through a summer of several heatwaves topping 45C/113F and the worst forest fires of modern history, killing 60. The song only reached number fourteen in the Greek singles chart. 

"Umbrella" was at number one in the American "Billboard" Hot 100 for seven weeks and in the Australian ARIA Charts for six weeks.


Shirley MacLaine

Shirley MacLaine (born April 24, 1934) is an American movie and theatre actress. She is famous for her acting as well as her strong belief in reincarnation. She is the writer of a many autobiographical works, some about her New Age beliefs, as well as her Hollywood career. She is the older sister of Warren Beatty. She won the Academy Award for "Best Actress" in 1983, and has also received many other awards, including the Emmy, Golden Globe and BAFTA Awards.


Crown dependencies

A British crown dependency is a special type of state. The head of state is the British monarch, who is represented by a Lieutenant-Governor. Each dependency has a parliament, government and prime minister to make all laws, except laws about defence and foreign affairs. Defence and foreign affairs are looked after by the British Government. 

But the British government in London has no power in the dependencies, unless the government of the dependency agrees.

British Overseas Territories, which were British colonies, also have a government, parliament and prime minister and can make laws, except laws about defence and foreign affairs; but they were created by the British government and can be taken over by the British government, without the agreement of the British Overseas Territory.

The crown dependencies are

Lieutenancies Act 1997

The Lieutenancies Act 1997 (1997 c. 23) is an Act of Parliament in the United Kingdom.

A Lord Lieutenant is the Queen's representative in a county or other area.

The Lieutenancies Act sets out the areas in which Lords-Lieutenant work in Great Britain. It came into force on 1 July 1997. 

These areas are usually called "ceremonial counties" or "preserved counties" in Wales. In Scotland a Statutory Instrument (rule written by a minister) defines the size of the lieutenancy. They are usually one local council area, but some council areas are too small or to large for one Lord Lieutenant. 

For a list of the areas in England see Ceremonial counties of England


Meristem

A meristem is a tissue in plants made of dividing cells. They are in parts of the plant where growth can take place.

Plant cells which are differentiated generally cannot divide or produce cells of a different type. Therefore, cell division in the meristem is necessary to get new cells. This allows for the growth of tissues and new organs needed by the plant.

Meristematic cells have the same function for plants as stem cells have for animals. They are incompletely or not at all differentiated, and are capable of continued cell division.

The cells are small and protoplasm fills the cell completely. The vacuoles are extremely small. The cytoplasm does not contain plastids (such as chloroplasts, but they are there in rudimentary form ('proplastids'). Meristematic cells are packed closely together without intercellular cavities. The cell wall is a very thin primary cell wall.

The apical meristem, or growing tip, is found in the buds and growing tips of roots in plants.

It begins growth of new cells in young seedlings at the tips of roots and shoots (forming buds, among other things). Specifically, an active apical meristem lays down a growing root or shoot behind itself, pushing itself forward. Apical meristems are very small, compared to the cylinder-shaped lateral meristems.

Apical meristems may differentiate into three kinds of primary meristem:

These meristems are responsible for primary growth, or an increase in length or height.

These meristems cause secondary growth, or an increase in width. There are two types of secondary meristems:




Vascular cambium

The vascular cambium is a lateral meristem.

It is the source of both the secondary xylem (inwards, towards the pith) and the secondary phloem (outwards), and is between these tissues in the stem and root. Only a few leaves even have a vascular cambium.

Vascular cambium is a type of meristem - a tissue consisting of embryonic (not specialized) cells which can produce other (and more differentiated) plant tissues originate. Primary meristems are the apical meristems on root tips and shoot tips. Another lateral meristem is the cork cambium, which produces cork, part of the bark.




Cork cambium

Cork cambium is a tissue in many vascular plants as part of the bark (periderm). 

The cork cambium is a lateral meristem and is responsible for secondary growth that replaces the epidermis in roots and stems. It is found in woody and many herbaceous dicots, gymnosperms and some monocots, which usually have no secondary growth.

Cork cambium is one of the plant's meristems - the tissues that consist of embryonic (not specialized) cells from which the plant grows. It is one of the many layers of bark, between the cork and primary phloem. The function of cork cambium is to produce the cork, a tough protective material.
Synonyms for cork cambium are bark cambium, pericambium or phellogen. 




Cork (material)

Cork is a material that is harvested for commercial use primarily from the bark of the Cork Oak tree. As the cork is harvested.
Portugal produces 50% of cork worldwide. Cork is made up of suberin, a hydrophobic substance.

In general, cork is made up of suberin (average of about 40%), lignin (22%), polysaccharides (cellulose and hemicellulose) (18%), extractables (15%) and others.

Cork's elasticity together with its near-impermeability makes it suitable as a material for bottle stoppers, especially for wine bottles. Cork stoppers represent about 60% of all cork based production. Cork's low density makes it a suitable material for fishing floats and buoys, as well as handles for fishing rods (as an alternative to neoprene). Cork is also used in the manufacture of musical instruments, particularly woodwind instruments, where it is used to fasten together different segments of the instrument and make the seams airtight. 

Since cork has suberin in its cell walls, this makes the cells consist of sealed elements. And having sealed elements make it greater for acoustic insulation and even thermal insulation. Sealed elements are capable of trapping and absorbing sound. In short, suberin is mostly responsible for noise reduction! Also, lignin is another constituent of cork. It makes up about 22% of cork. One study says that it’s also associated with soundproofing and thermal insulation! 

The cork industry is generally regarded as environmentally friendly. The sustainability of its production and the easy recycling of cork products and by-products are two of its most distinctive aspects. 

Cork demand has increased due to a larger proportion of wine being sealed with cork rather than being sold in bulk. Top quality corks are quite expensive, so many cheaper brands have switched to lower quality cork, synthetic plastic stoppers, screwcaps, or other closures.



Cork oak

The cork oak ("Quercus suber") is a medium-sized, evergreen oak tree. It grows southwest Europe and northwest Africa.

It grows to up to 20 m, but in its native environment it is usually not that tall. The leaves are 4–7 cm long, dark green above, paler beneath, with the leaf margins often downcurved. The acorns are 2–3 cm long.

The tree forms a thick, corky bark. Over time this bark can develop considerable thickness and this is harvested every 10–12 years as cork. The harvesting of cork does not harm the tree and a new layer of cork regrows, making it a renewable resource. The tree is widely cultivated in Spain, Portugal, Algeria, Morocco, France, Italy and Tunisia. Cork oak forests cover approximately 2.5 million hectares in those countries. Portugal accounts for 50% of the world cork harvest. Cork oaks cannot legally be cut down in Portugal, except for forest management felling of old, unproductive trees.

Cork oaks live about 150–250 years. Virgin cork (or 'male' cork) is the first cork cut from generally 25-year-old trees. Another 10–12 years is required for the second harvest, and a tree can be harvested a dozen times in its lifetime. Cork harvesting is done entirely without machinery.

The European cork industry produces 340,000 tonnes of cork a year, with a value of €1.5 billion. 30,000 people work at it. Wine corks represent 15% of cork usage by weight but 66% of revenues.

Cork oaks are sometimes planted as individual trees. So they provide a small income to their owners. The tree is also sometimes cultivated for ornament. Hybrids with turkey oak ("Quercus cerris") are regular, both in the wild in southwest Europe and in cultivation; the hybrid is known as Lucombe Oak "Quercus × hispanica".

Some cork is also produced in eastern Asia from the related Chinese cork oak ("Quercus variabilis").

In many different species of trees seed predation is considered a problem for the continued growth and reproduction of trees, in this case Rabbits are affecting the cork oak tree. During the development of a plant species the seed / acorn stage in development is considered to be the most important yet most vulnerable stage. The cork oak tree encounters many challenges during its seedling stage.


Seeds are often found in the form of acorns that fall to the ground close by to the base of the tree. Those acorns become the beginning development of new trees, which develop over time. However many different species use those acorns as a source of food. When rabbits are living in the same area as the cork oak tree seed regeneration is not affected in a negative way.

An acorn that has partial damage is classified as only having damage to the non-vital parts of the propagule. Therefore, when the acorn embryo is damaged the development of the seed is negatively affected. The affected development causes a difference in shoot and root biomass because the cotyledon is lost. The cotyledon is a necessity of plants and in this case becomes the leaves of the plant. In other cases it helps scientists determine which type of flowering plant it will later develop into. The cotyledons are also an essential source of energy for the development of the seed and plant.

There are two common types of soil that are used in scientific studies, nutrient rich soil and nutrient poor soil. The predation of the seeds is not as important as the nutrient level of the soil. Different plants over time have adapted to grow in these different conditions over time. The acorns of the cork oak tree have better regeneration and development in nutrient rich soil. The smaller cotyledon acorns that grow in nutrient rich soil develop.


Acorn

The acorn is the fruit of the oak tree. It is a nut, and has a single seed (rarely two seeds), enclosed in a tough, leathery shell. Acorns vary from 1 – 6 cm long and 0.8 – 4 cm broad. Acorns take between about 6 or 24 months (depending on the species) to mature.

Acorns are one of the most important wildlife foods in areas where oaks grow. Creatures that make acorns an important part of their diet include birds, such as jays, pigeons, some ducks and several species of woodpeckers. Small mammals that feed on acorns include mice, squirrels and several other rodents. Such large mammals as pigs, bears, and deer also eat large amounts of acorns: they may constitute up to 25% of the diet of deer in the autumn. In some of the large oak forests in southwest Europe, traditionally called "dehesas", pigs are still turned loose in oak groves in the autumn, to fill and fatten themselves on acorns. 

Acorns contain tannins, which are toxic to some animals such as horses. The tannins can be soaked out, using water.


President of Belarus

The president of the Republic of Belarus (, ) is the head of state of Belarus. The office was created in 1994. A president is chosen by other Belarusians every five years in a national vote. Alexander Lukashenko is the only person who has been president.

Jay

The jays are several species of medium-sized, usually colorful and noisy birds in the crow family Corvidae.





Clubmoss

Clubmosses are a group of plants in the Lycopodiophyta, which are the most ancient group of land plants. The clubmosses are an order Lycopodiales, (or a subclass Lycopodiopsida).

Clubmosses are thought to be structurally similar to the earliest vascular plants, with small, scale-like leaves, homosporous spores borne in sporangia at the bases of the leaves, branching stems (usually dichotomous), and generally simple form.

A powder known simply as "lycopodium", consisting of dried spores of the common clubmoss, was used in Victorian theater to produce flame-effects. A blown cloud of spores burned rapidly and brightly, but with little heat. It was considered safe by the standards of the time.

The group is now split into two families:

937

937 was a common year.




Horsetail

The horsetails are a class in the Pteridophyta (ferns). They were one of the most important plant groups in the Palaeozoic era. 

For over 100 million years they were varied, and dominated the understorey of late Paleozoic forests. They are seen in the coal measures of the Carboniferous period, and some were trees reaching up 30 metres. The group is now almost extinct, but one genus survives. They are vascular plants that reproduce by spores and not by seeds. The name "horsetail" came because the branched species somewhat look like a horse's tail.

Modern horsetails first appeared during the Jurassic period.
Equisetum is the only living genus of horsetails. The name "Equisetum" comes from the Latin ("equus" = horse; and "seta" = bristle). The genus includes 15 species.

Horsetails are native on all continents except Australasia and Antarctica. They are perennial plants. They are either herbaceous (they die back in winter 
like most temperate species) or they are evergreen (some tropical species, and some temperate species). They mostly grow 0.2-1.5 m tall, though "E. telmateia" can reach 2.5 m, and the tropical American species "E. giganteum" 5 m, and "E. myriochaetum" 8 m.
In these plants the leaves are very small, in whorls joined together to make sheaths around the stem. The stems are green and photosynthetic, also distinctive in being hollow, jointed and ridged, usually with 6-40 ridges. There may or may not be whorls of branches at the nodes; when present, these branches are identical to the main stem except smaller.

The spores are borne under sporangiophores in strobili, cone-like structures at the tips of some of the stems. In many species the cone-bearing shoots are unbranched, and in some (e.g. "E. arvense", field horsetail) they are non-photosynthetic, produced early in Springtime. 

Green algae

Green algae are microscopic protists. One can find them in all sorts of natural water: salt water, freshwater and brackish water. The group is less used in classification today. Although most are descended from a common ancestor, some are not. Some of their descendants, the land plants are not included in the group, so the group is not monophyletic.

The green algae are the large group of algae from which the higher plants developed.

The green algae include unicellular and colonial flagellates, usually but not always with two flagella per cell, as well as various colonial, coccoid, and filamentous forms. In the Charales, the closest relatives of higher plants, full differentiation of tissues occurs. There are about 6000 species of green algae. Many species live most of their lives as single-cells, other species form colonies or long filaments.




Brackish water

Brackish water (less commonly brack water) is salt water and fresh water mixed together. It is saltier than fresh water, but not as salty as seawater. It may result from mixing of seawater with fresh water, as in estuaries, or it may occur in brackish fossil aquifers. 

Some human activities can produce brackish water, mostly certain civil engineering projects such as dikes and the flooding of coastal marshland to produce brackish pools for freshwater prawns. 

Technically, brackish water contains between 0.5 and 30 grams of salt per litre—more often expressed as 0.5 to 30 parts per thousand (ppt or ‰). Thus, "brackish" covers a range of salinity regimes and is not considered a precisely defined condition. It is characteristic of many brackish surface waters that their salinity can vary considerably over space and/or time.

The term brackish water comes from the Low German word "Brack", which is a small lake made when a storm tide breaks a dike and floods land behind the dike.

The most important brackish water habitats are estuaries, where a river meets the sea, mixing salt and fresh water. The River Thames flowing through London is one of the most familiar of river estuaries.

Another important brackish water habitat is the mangrove swamp or mangal.

Some seas and lakes are brackish. The Baltic Sea is a brackish sea adjoining the North Sea.

The Caspian Sea is the world's largest lake and contains brackish water with a salinity about one-third that of normal seawater. The Caspian is famous for its peculiar animal fauna, including one of the few non-marine seals (the Caspian seal) and the great sturgeons, the source of caviar.

Brackish seas

Brackish water lakes

Coastal lagoons, marshes, and deltas

Estuaries


Flagellate

Flagellates are cells with one or more whip-like organelles called flagella. Some cells in animals may be flagellate, for instance the spermatozoa of most phyla. Flowering plants and fungi do not produce flagellate cells, but the closely related green algae and chytrids do. Many protists take the form of single-celled flagellates. They are found in most lines of eukaryotes, and it is likely that all surviving eukaryotes developed from them.


Sustainable energy

Sustainable energy is energy that is created in an environmentally friendly way. It involves both energy efficiency and renewable energy. Both resources help to stabilize and reduce carbon dioxide emissions.

Efficient energy use allows energy demand to slow so that rising clean energy supplies can make big cuts in fossil fuel burning. If energy use grows too fast, renewable energy development will chase a receding target. Unless clean energy supplies grow rapidly, slowing demand growth will only begin to reduce total emissions. Reducing the carbon content of energy sources is also needed.
Any serious vision of a sustainable energy economy thus requires major commitments to both efficiency and renewables.


Neoprene

Neoprene is the DuPont Performance Elastomers trade name for a family of synthetic rubbers based on polychloroprene (polymer form of Chloroprene). Neoprene was invented by DuPont scientists after Dr. Elmer K. Bolton of DuPont attended a lecture by Fr Julius Arthur Nieuwland, a professor of chemistry at the University of Notre Dame.

It is used in a wide variety of environments, such as in wetsuits, laptop sleeves, cars, bombs, electrical insulation, and car fan belts. Its chemical inertness makes it well suited for industrial applications such as gaskets, hoses, and corrosion-resistant coatings. It can also be used as a base for adhesives. 



Pioneer 11

Pioneer 11 (also known as Pioneer G) was a NASA space probe to explore space and gather information. It was the second mission to visit Jupiter and the first mission to visit Saturn. The space probe was launched on April 5, 1973 and flew by Jupiter on December 2, 1974 and Saturn on September 1, 1979. 

In 1983, Pioneer 11 was predicted to be surpassed by Voyager 1 in the distace to the Sun and later by Voyager 2 around March 1988.

The probe was last heard on November 24, 1995 when the last communication between Earth and the probe ended due to power limitation and vast diatance, when it was 44.1 AU (4.1 billion miles or 7.5 billion km) from Earth.

By Nov. 5, 2017, Pioneer 11 was estimated to be about 97.590 AU (9.1 billion miles or 14.599 billion kilometers) from Earth.

Both Pioneer 10 and Pioneer 11 had plaques etched in gold. The plaques were designed by a team lead by Carl Sagan to communicate with extraterrestrial life should the spacecraft come into contact with it.

By 2027, Pioneer 11 is predicted to have exited the heliosphere and entered interstellar space.



Medical tourism

Medical Tourism is when patients visit other countries for medical care. The patients usually come from developed countries to find treatment at lower prices. Over 50 countries have identified medical tourism as a national industry.

Examples of common medical procedures done for medical tourists are surgeries like joint replacement, heart surgery, cosmetic surgery, weight loss, dental treatment, and addictions rehabilitation (or recovery from addiction).

The term "medical tourism" can also be called medical travel, health tourism or global healthcare. It was initially developed by travel agencies and the mass media to describe the rapidly-growing practice of travelling across international borders to obtain health care.mainly it is for curing people and a lot of countries believe on this.

Countries that are popular for Medical Tourism are:

To get an idea of the potential cost savings from medical tourism, in Denver, Colorado, USA, a person without health insurance who needs a hip replacement will pay about US $60,000 (EUR 44751). In comparison, in Cuba, going through medical tourism firm Choice Medical Services, the same procedure costs about US $8000 (EUR 5967) or about an 80 percent savings.

People who are obese may get medical treatment to lose weight. In Britain there are long waiting lists for weight loss surgery. It is very easy to get this surgery in Turkey. Seven Britons have died after having weight loss surgery there since 2019 and many more have had serious problems.


Burrowing parakeet

The burrowing parakeet (binomial name Cyanoliseus patagonus), also known as the Patagonian conure or burrowing parrot. is a species of parrot in the Psittacidae family. It is found in Argentina, Chile, Falkland Islands, South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands, and Uruguay. It lives in subtropical or tropical dry shrubland, subtropical or tropical high-altitude shrubland, and pastureland. 


Aquifer

An aquifer is an underground layer where the material contains water. That can be less solid material like sand, gravel, clay or silt, but it can be rock as well, as long as the rock allows water to get in (that means that it is water-bearing).
Groundwater can be taken out of the ground by digging a well. The study of water in aquifers is called hydrogeology.

One kind of groundwater is found in underground rivers in caves where water flows freely underground. This may occur in eroded limestone areas known as karst topography, but those are only found in small parts of the Earth.

Usually, groundwater is found in the pore spaces, or tiny openings, of rocks under the ground. The pores in the rocks are saturated, or filled up, with water, much like a kitchen sponge. The groundwater can be pumped out for agricultural, industrial, or municipal uses.

If a rock unit of low porosity is highly fractured, it can make a good aquifer (via fissure flow), if the water can get through it. Porosity is important, but, "alone", it does not make an aquifer. The Deccan Traps (a flood basaltic lava) in west central India are good examples of rock with high porosity but low permeability, so they are poor aquifers. The (Upper Cretaceous) Chalk of south east England has a reasonably high porosity, but low grain-to-grain permeability. Much of its good water-yielding characteristics being due to micro-fracturing and fissuring.


Aquifers can occur at various depths. Those closer to the surface are not only more likely to be exploited for water supply and irrigation, but are also more likely to be topped up by the local rainfall. Many desert areas have limestone hills or mountains within them or close to them which can be exploited as groundwater resources. If more water is taken out than get in again one speaks of over-harvesting. Along the coastlines of certain countries, such as Libya and Israel, population growth has led to over-population which has caused the lowering of water table and the subsequent contamination of the groundwater with saltwater from the sea (saline intrusions). In these cases the aquifer contains brackish water.

When water seeps (comes slowly) out of the ground, it is called a seep or "spring (water)". It usually means there is an aquifer under the ground.

AFI

AFI is an acronym that can mean:


Voyager 2

Voyager 2 is a space probe. It was used by NASA to explore Jupiter, Saturn, Uranus, and Neptune. It is the only spacecraft that has come near to Uranus and Neptune. Because of this, most pictures of these two ice planets are from this spacecraft. It was identical in form to its sister space probe, "Voyager 1". The space probe is currently moving away from the Solar System. It is heading out into interstellar space.

"Voyager 2" was launched on August 20, 1977. It is now in an extended mission. Its encounter with the largest natural satellite of Neptune, Triton sent it on a hyperbolic trajectory out of the Solar System. It was moving at about . This is much faster than escape velocity.

Both "Voyager 1" and "Voyager 2" hold the Voyager Golden Record. This is a recording of sounds and images of life on Earth. It was designed by a team led by Carl Sagan. The Golden Record is to communicate with extraterrestrial life.

Voyager 2 is the second spacecraft to exit from the Solar System and enter into the interstellar space. It did so 6 years after Voyager 1. In 2018, NASA said that Voyager 2 had reached the heliopause on 5 November 2018. On July 18, 2023, Voyager 2 overtook Pioneer 10 to become the 2nd farthest spacecraft from the Sun, at a distance of 133.917 AU (nearly 12.45 billion miles or approximately 2034.00 billion km) from the Sun. 



Tony Curtis

Tony Curtis (born Bernard Schwartz; June 3, 1925 – September 29, 2010) was an American movie actor. He was most popular during the late 1950s and early 1960s. He is famous for his light comic roles, especially his musician escaping from gangsters in "Some Like It Hot" (1959). He has also acted in more serious and dramatic movies, like "The Defiant Ones" (1958), for which he received an Academy Award nomination. He has appeared in over 100 movies since 1949, and made frequent television appearances. He was the father of actresses Jamie Lee Curtis and Kelly Curtis.

Curtis was born in The Bronx, New York. His birth name is Bernard Schwatz. He is one of three sons of Helen (née Klein) and Emanuel Schwartz. His parents were Hungarian Jewish immigrants from Mátészalka, Hungary. Hungarian was Curtis's only language until he was five or six, postponing his schooling. His father was a tailor and the family lived in the back of the shop—his parents in one corner and Curtis and his brothers Julius and Robert in another. His mother once made an appearance as a participant on the television show "You Bet Your Life", hosted by Groucho Marx. Curtis said, "When I was a child, Mom beat me up and was very aggressive and antagonistic." His mother was later diagnosed with schizophrenia. His brother Robert was also institutionalized with the same mental illness.

He died on September 29, 2010, aged 85 of cardiac arrest in Henderson, Nevada.



Jack Lemmon

John Uhler "Jack" Lemmon III (February 8, 1925 – June 27, 2001), was an American actor and director who received many awards in his long career. He got two Academy and five Golden Globe awards. Lemmon acted in many movies, and was famous for being very good at comedy and drama. Lemmon died of bladder and colon cancer.



Errol Flynn

Errol Leslie Thomson Flynn (20 June 1909 – 14 October 1959) was an Australian actor. He was known for his swashbuckler roles in movies like "Adventures of Don Juan" and "The Sea Hawk".

Errol Flynn was born in Hobart, Tasmania, Australia. His father Theodore Thomson Flynn, was a lecturer (1909) and later professor (1911) of biology at the University of Tasmania. Flynn was born at the Queen Alexandra Hospital in Battery Point. His mother was born Lily Mary Young. She dropped the first names Lily Mary shortly after she was married and changed her name to Marelle. Flynn described his mother's family as ""seafaring folk"". This may account for his lifelong love of the sea and boats.

He became a naturalized American citizen in 1942. He is remembered for his successful on-screen partnership with Olivia de Havilland. They appeared together in eight movies: "Captain Blood" (1935, his first great success), "The Charge of the Light Brigade" (1936), "The Adventures of Robin Hood" (1938), "Four's a Crowd" (1938), "Dodge City" (1939), "The Private Lives of Elizabeth and Essex" (1939), "Santa Fe Trail" (1940), and "They Died with Their Boots On" (1941). This partnership started rumors of romance. De Havilland denied these rumors. She said her relationship with Flynn was one of friendship only.

Flynn tried to enlist in every branch of the United States Armed Services during WWII. He was classified 4F because of numerous health issues. Hollywood executives kept his health issues a secret to protect his screen image. He never served and was criticized for this. As the years passed, Flynn's manly image diminished. He became an alcoholic, gained weight, and had a seedy appearance. Flynn wrote his autobiography "My Wicked, Wicked Ways" in 1959. He died of a heart attack at age 50. His last words were reportedly, "I've had a hell of a lot of fun and I've enjoyed every minute of it".

Flynn was married three times: first to actress Lili Damita from 1935 until 1942 (one son, Sean Flynn, 1941–70?); to Nora Eddington from 1943 until 1949 (two daughters, Deirdre born 1945 and Rory born 1947); and to actress Patrice Wymore from 1950 until his death (one daughter, Arnella Roma, 1953–1998).

Flynn had a reputation for womanizing and freewheeling fun. His hedonistic lifestyle caught up with him in 1942 when two under-age girls, Betty Hansen and Peggy Satterlee, accused him of statutory rape. The two girls said that it happened at the Bel-Air home of Flynn's friend Frederick McEvoy. A group was organized to support Flynn. It was called the American Boys' Club for the Defense of Errol Flynn (ABCDEF). Its members included William F. Buckley, Jr. The trial took place in January and February 1943. Flynn was cleared of the charges.


David Niven

David Niven (March 1, 1910 – July 29, 1983) was an English actor. He won the Academy Award for "Best Actor" for his role in the movie "Separate Tables" in 1958. Originally, he was the actor who was to play the first James Bond, but the producers later decided to give the role to Sean Connery instead. Some of the movies that he was in include The Pink Panther, Around the World in 80 Days, The Guns of Navarone, and Casino Royale. 

Niven started his career as an extra. He died of motor neurone disease.


Rudolph Valentino

Rudolph Valentino (May 6, 1895 – August 23, 1926) was an Italian actor of silent movies. He was born Rodolfo Alfonso Raffaello Piero Filiberto Guglielmi in Castellaneta, Italy. He became popular as one of the first sex symbols in Hollywood in the 1920s.

Valentino did not live long enough to see movies with sound replace silent movies. He died of peridontis on August 23, 1926, at the age of 31.



Raquel Welch

Jo Raquel Tejada (September 5, 1940 – February 15, 2023), usually called Raquel Welch, was an American actress and model. She became famous during the 1960s as one of the most beautiful women in Hollywood. She won the Golden Globe Award in 1975.

On February 15, 2023, Welch died from cardiac arrest caused by Alzheimer's disease at her home in Los Angeles, California at the age of 82.



Rita Hayworth

Margarita Carmen Cansino, usually called Rita Hayworth (October 17, 1918 – May 14, 1987), was an American actress of Spanish and Irish origin. She became famous as the greatest sex symbol of the 1940s.she died of Alzheimer’s disease at age 68 in Manhattan New York City


Tommy Lee Jones

Tommy Lee Jones (born September 15, 1946) is an American actor and movie director. He won the Academy and the Golden Globe awards in 1993 for his role in the movie "The Fugitive".

He was born in Texas in 1946. His mother, Lucille Marie (née Scott), was a police officer, school teacher, and beauty shop owner, and his father, Clyde C. Jones, was an oil field worker. The two were married and divorced twice. Jones has stated that his grandmother was of Cherokee ancestry. He was raised in Midland, Texas. Jones was given an athletic scholarship to go to a school in Dallas, Texas. After finishing school he worked on the oil rigs before going to Harvard University to study English.

He finished university in 1969 and moved to New York to be an actor. His first role was in the Broadway play, "A Patriot For Me." He had many small parts until he got the main role in the movie "JFK". He won the Academy Award for the best actor in a supporting role for the movie "The Fugitive".


James Garner

James Garner (born James Scott Bumgarner; April 7, 1928 – July 19, 2014) was an American movie and television actor. He acted in several television series in a career of more than fifty years, including his roles as "Bret Maverick" in the popular 1950s western-comedy series, "Maverick" and "Jim Rockford" in the popular 1970s detective drama, "The Rockford Files". He also acted in many movies, including "The Great Escape" (1963) and Paddy Chayefsky's "The Americanization of Emily" (1964).

Garner died from a massive heart attack at his Los Angeles, California home, aged 86.



Anthony Quinn

Anthony Quinn (April 21, 1915 – June 3, 2001) was an American actor. He was famous in the United States for his roles in two Hollywood films, the star role in "Zorba the Greek" and "Viva Zapata!". He won two Academy Awards during his very long career.


Rock Hudson

Rock Hudson (November 17, 1925 – October 2, 1985) was an American movie and television actor. He is famous for his good looks and remembered as a romantic star during the 1950s and 1960s, especially several movies where he starred with actress Doris Day. 

Hudson was voted "Star of the Year" and "Favorite Leading Man," by many movie magazines and was one of the most popular movie stars of the time. He made nearly 70 movies and acted in several television productions during a career of more than three decades, and he received the Golden Globe Award four times. 

Hudson was a closeted homosexual. He was one of the first major Hollywood personalities to die from AIDS.



Olivia de Havilland

Dame Olivia Mary de Havilland (July 1, 1916 – July 26, 2020) was a British-American actress. She was one of two only living stars of "Gone with the Wind", but there are also actors with smaller roles in said movie who are still alive. She has won the Academy Award two times. She is the sister of late actress Joan Fontaine, who also won the Academy Award. They did not get along ever since they were children.

De Havilland was born in Tokyo to British parents. She became an American citizen in 1941. She lived in Paris from 1956 until her death in 2020.

De Havilland died on July 26, 2020 at her home in Paris at the age of 104.



Woody Allen

Woody Allen (born Allen Stewart Konigsberg; November 30, 1935) is an American filmmaker, actor, and comedian whose career spans over fifty years. He has won the Academy Award three times, and many others in his very long career. His many works and his cerebral movie style, mixing satire and humor, have made him one of the most respected movie directors in the modern era. Allen writes and directs his movies and has also acted in most of them. To inspire himself for his movies, Allen uses literature, philosophy, psychology, Judaism, European cinema, and New York City, where he was born and has lived all life.

Allen was born at Mount of Eden Hospital in The Bronx, He was raised in Brooklyn, New York City. His parents were Nettie (born Cherrie; November 8, 1906 – January 27, 2002), a bookkeeper at her family's delicatessen, and Martin Konigsberg (December 25, 1900 – January 13, 2001), a jewelry engraver and waiter. His family was Ashkenazi Jewish; his grandparents immigrated from Russia and Austria, and spoke Yiddish, Hebrew, and German. Both parents were born and raised on the Lower East Side of Manhattan. Allen has a sister, Letty, who was born in 1943, and was raised in Midwood, Brooklyn.

Allen started writing scripts for "The Ed Sullivan Show", "The Tonight Show" and other television shows when he was 19. He started working as a comedian in 1961. His first movie, "What's New Pussycat?", was released in 1965. In 1966 he wrote his first play, the Broadway play "Don't Drink the Water". In 1986 Allen's movie "Hannah and Her Sisters" made $18 million.

Allen is a vociferous atheist, but of Jewish descent.

Allen has had three wives. He dated Mia Farrow for 12 years. However, they never married and lived in different houses. Allen and Farrow adopted Dylan and Mosche Farrow together. Mia said in 1994 that Allen molested her 7-year-old daughter, Dylan Farrow. In February 2014 an open letter by Dylan was published by the "New York Times". In the letter, Dylan said that Allen had molested her. Her brother Mosche, who is now known as Moses Farrow, said that Allen did not molest her. Allen said the allegations were "untrue and disgraceful". On February 7, 2014, Allen wrote a response to Dylan in the "New York Times".

In 1992 Farrow realized that Allen was cheating on her with her adopted daughter Soon-Yi Previn. She found naked pictures of Soon-yi in Allen's house. Farrow and Allen broke up. In 1997 Allen married Previn. Previn and Allen have two adopted daughters.

Maximus the Confessor

Saint Maximus the Confessor (also known as Maximus the Theologian and Maximus of Constantinople) (born 580 – 13 August, 662) was a Christian monk, theologian, and scholar. In his early life, he was a civil servant. He was also an aide to the Byzantine Emperor Heraclius. However, he gave up this life to become a monk.



Torajan people

The Torajans are an ethnic group, indigenous to a part of South Sulawesi, Indonesia. There are about 650,000 of them around the world. 450,000 of these still live in the regency of Tana Toraja ("Land of Toraja"). Most of them are Christian. Others of them are Muslim or have local animist beliefs known as "aluk" ("the way"). The Indonesian government has recognized this animist belief as "Aluk To Dolo" ("Way of the Ancestors").



Backmasking

Backmasking (also known wrongly as "backward masking") is a recording technique. In backmasking, a sound or message is recorded backwards onto a track that is meant to be played forwards. It was made popular by The Beatles. Some people think that backmasking causes subliminal persuasion.


Separation of powers

Separation of Powers means that the three branches of government are separated.

The three branches are as follows:

Separation of Powers helps to protect freedom. The executive branch carries out the laws but cannot make laws to make themselves powerful. Also the judiciary is responsible for making sure that criminals are punished, so that members of the government or legislature cannot ignore the law as the judiciary can check on them.

Separation of powers is also called a system of "checks and balances" because the branches can check up on each other and if any of the branches get too strong, that branch will be balanced by the others. 

In the United States the three branches of government are completely separate except for the Vice President who is President of the Senate. In the United Kingdom the three branches of Government are mixed but the checks and balances are provided by history and "custom" (the rule that says something should happen because that is how it has been done for a long time). The King is Head of State (the executive), but is also part of Parliament (the legislative branch) and is the Fountain of Justice (the head of the judicial branch). But by convention he does not do anything without the advice of Ministers and never refuses to pass an Act of Parliament. The King has a lot of power but the power is controlled and balanced by the need to act in certain ways or only use the power at certain times.

In some countries the leaders of the executive branch are members of the legislature. This system is called responsible government.
The first to talk about separation of powers in the modern age was Charles-Louis Montesquieu. Montesquieu published his book "De l'esprit des lois" ("The Spirit of Laws") in 1748.


Exclusionary rule

The Exclusionary rule is a rule in United States constitutional law. It says that evidence from people who were forced to talk is not allowed in court. Also, evidence taken from an illegal search of property may not be used in court.

Chitin

Chitin is a semitransparent material that is the main component of the exoskeletons of arthropods, such as crustaceans (e.g. crab, lobster and shrimp) and insects (e.g. ants, beetles and butterflies), of the cell walls of fungi, the radula of molluscs and the beaks of cephalopods (e.g. squid, and octopuses). Chitin has also proven useful for several medical and industrial purposes.

Radula

The radula is the toothed chitinous ribbon in the mouth of most molluscs. It can be compared with the tongue of human beings but, unlike our tongue, it is used for cutting and chewing food before it enters the esophagus. 

The radula is present in all molluscs except bivalves, and only in molluscs. For example, Gastropods use it to graze and scrape diatoms and other microscopic algae off rock surfaces and other substrata. Squid use it for cutting up their prey. 


Exoskeleton

An exoskeleton supports and protects an animal's body from outside and not like the internal endoskeleton - of, for example human beings - from inside. 

Many invertebrate animals (such as shelled mollusks) have exoskeletons in the sense of external hard parts. But if one speaks of an exoskeleton one mostly means that of arthropods (i.e. insects, spiders, myriapods and crustaceans). 

Exoskeletons contain rigid and resistant components that fulfil a set of functional roles including protection, excretion, sensing, support, feeding and (for terrestrial organisms) acting as a barrier against desiccation. Exoskeletons first appeared in the fossil record about 550 million years ago, and their evolution has been seen as critical as a driving role in the Cambrian explosion of animals that took place after this time.

The exoskeleton ( exoskeleton suit) is a device intended to restore the lost motion functions of a person or other living being. The exoskeleton also serves to increase human muscle strength and range of motion by means of an external skeleton and drive elements.



High Force

High Force is one of Britain's great waterfalls. It is in Teesdale, County Durham. It was created by erosion when a river went through the rock and did not erode the hard upper layer of igneous rock, but eroded the bottom layer of soft limestone, a sedimentary rock. It is one of the biggest waterfalls in the UK. 

Adetokunbo Ademola

Omoba Sir Adetokunbo Adegboyega Ademola, KBE, GCON, PC, SAN (1 February 1906 – 29 January 1993) was a Nigerian judge and former Chief Justice of Nigeria (1958-1972). Before becoming the Chief Justice, he was Chief Justice of the Western Region of Nigeria. 

Although, Justice Ademola is known for his judicial duties, he was an important person in the Nigerian crisis of 1966. Then, a counter coup had challenged the unity of Nigeria. A few Northern Military officers had successfully executed a coup with a plan to secede from Nigeria. But the British High Commission, which gets intelligence briefings on Nigeria and Chief Justice Ademola persuaded the Northern leaders not to quit but to take power.

Adetokunbo Ademola was born on February 1, 1906 to the family of a titled traditional ruler of Abeokuta, Oba Ladapo Ademola. He later married the daughter of a prominent Lagos lawyer, Kofo Moore.

He attended St Gregory's Grammar School and King's College, Lagos before proceeding to Selwyn College, Cambridge. He was then called to the bar in 1934 and started work as a crown counsel. In 1939, he was appointed a magistrate before becoming a junior high court judge in 1949. In 1955, he was made the Chief Judge of Western Nigeria and later became the Chief Justice of the country.

As the Chief Justice, he was instrumental to the establishment of the Nigerian Law School, the first in the country. He was also involved in a case: Lakanmi vs the Attorney General of Nigeria, where he ruled that a Nigerian court could review military decrees.

Endoskeleton

An endoskeleton is a structure that holds an animal from inside. 

One can find endoskeletons in three phyla and one subclass of animals: in Chordata, Echinodermata, Porifera and Coleoidea. An endoskeleton allows the body to move and gives the body structure and shape. 

A true endoskeleton develops from mesodermal tissue. Such a skeleton is present in echinoderms and chordates. The Coleoidae do not have a true endoskeleton in the evolutionary sense; here, a mollusc exoskeleton developed into several sorts of internal structure, the "cuttlebone" of cuttlefish being the best-known version. An important advantage of an endoskeleton over an exoskeleton is that the endoskeleton provides more structural support.
Endoskeletons hold inner organs, tissues, and systems together easily.

Kayfabe

In professional wrestling, something that is "kayfabe" is not real, something that is "acted out" and not happening in real life. Many things in wrestling are kayfabe, that is, they appear to be real (such as the storylines), but are fake.

People who believe that kayfabe acts are real are called marks, as opposed to smarks. Those who know wrestling is scripted but still enjoy the storylines are known as smart-marks, or smarks.

It is unknown where the term came from; it is sometimes believed that the term "kayfabe" is a modification of the Pig latin word for "fake", "akefay".

Bruce Willis

Walter Bruce Willis (born March 19, 1955) is an American retired actor and film producer. His mother was German; his father was American. He became famous in the late 1980s. He has remained one of Hollywood's biggest stars, mostly for his role as Lt. "John McClane" in the "Die Hard" series. 

Willis was married to actress Demi Moore and they had three daughters before their divorce in 2001. They were married for thirteen years. He has received many awards and honors in his career. Willis supports the United States armed forces and has been a spokesman several times.

Some of his best-known movies are "Die Hard", "The Player", "Pulp Fiction" and "Sin City".

In March 2022, he announced his retirement from acting after he was diagnosed with aphasia. In February 2023, it was announced that Willis was diagnosed with frontotemporal dementia.


Zoospore

A zoospore is an asexual spore that uses a flagellum for moving around. It is also called a "swarm spore". These spores are created by some algae and fungi to multiply themselves.

There are two types of flagellated zoospores, "whiplash" and "tinsel" or "decorated".

Both "tinsel" and "whiplash" flagella beat in a sinusoidal wave pattern, but when both are present, the tinsel will beat in the opposite direction of the whiplash, to give 2 axes of control of motility.

A zoosporangium is the sexual structure in which the zoospores develop in a plant, fungi, or protists.



Gamete

A gamete is a specialized sex cell that fuses with another gamete during fertilization (conception) in organisms that reproduce sexually. Gametes are haploid—they have only one copy of each chromosome. All other cells in an animal are diploid—they have two copies of each chromosome. Gametes are produced by germ cells.

In species which produce two morphologically distinct types of gametes, and in which each individual produces only one type, a female is any individual which produces the larger type of gamete—called an ovum (or egg)—and a male produces the smaller type—called a spermatozoon (or sperm cell).

The name gamete was introduced by the Austrian biologist Gregor Mendel.

Gametogenesis is the development of diploid germ cells into haploid eggs or sperm, (respectively oogenesis and spermatogenesis). It is different for each species but the general stages are similar. The development of eggs (oogenesis) and sperm (spermatogenesis) have many features in common. They both involve:

They also have major differences, especially

Morphology

Morphology may mean:



Morphology (biology)

Morphology is the study of animal or human form or body shape. It is the branch of biology dealing with the study of the form of organisms and their specific structural features. 

The concept of morphology was developed by Johann Wolfgang von Goethe (1790) and independently by the German anatomist and physiologist Karl Friedrich Burdach (1800).

In general use, the word morphology refers to the form and structure of an organism as a whole, including all internal and external structures. This includes aspects of the outward appearance (shape, structure, colour, pattern) as well as the form and structure of the internal parts like bones and organs. Morphology is contrasted to physiology, which deals primarily with function.


In English-speaking countries, the term "molecular morphology" is used to describe the structure of compound molecules, such as polymers. and RNA. The term "gross morphology" is a general description of the form and structure of an organism.

Taxon

A taxon (plural taxa) is a taxonomic group or taxonomic unit. It is a group of organisms which a taxonomist decides belong together.

Taxa can be big or small. A fairly small taxon is the giraffes, and a very big one is the beetles.

A taxonomist can assign a scientific name and rank to a taxon; this places it at a particular level in a hierarchy. It is not strictly necessary to assign either a name or a rank to a taxon, but doing so makes it much easier to refer to the taxon. However, many taxa have to wait for years before getting a name.

There is no limit to the number of ranks that may exist, but the most important ranks are, in hierarchical order:

Note: "Phylum" applies formally to any biologial domain but traditionally it was always used of animals whereas "Division" was traditionally often used of plants, fungi etc.

A simple phrase to remember the order is
"Dignified Kings Play Chess On Fine Green Silk" (there are many other such phrases).

A distinction is made between taxonomy and systematics. Systematics deals with how groups relate to each other. Taxonomy deals with making groups (taxa), deciding what belongs together. Taxonomy is also known as classification.

A special part of taxonomy is nomenclature. This consists of rules on what names to use. So a taxonomist first decides what does and does not belong in a group, and then uses nomenclature to decide what name this group should have. If a group is made larger or bigger it may get a different name. On the other hand, the same name may refer to a bigger taxon (according to one particular taxonomist) or a smaller taxon (according to some other taxonomist). This means that scientific names are not guaranteed to be stable. Most names are stable, but for some taxa there is no agreement on its name, because taxonomists do not agree what does belong together and what does not belong together.

A taxonomist can decide for himself what scientific reasons he adopts for making a group (a taxon). If he is not convincing in his choice, other taxonomists will not agree with him, and they will then make other arrangements. These days biological classification is mostly supposed be done according to evolutionary (phylogenetic) relationships, so far as these are known.

Domain (biology)

In biological taxonomy, a domain (also superregnum, superkingdom, or empire) is a taxon in the highest rank of organisms, higher than a kingdom.

Domain (or its synonyms) is the most inclusive of these biological groupings. The arrangement of taxa reflects the fundamental evolutionary differences in the genomes. There are several modern alternative domain classifications of life. Among them are:
After defining Archaea as a new domain, Woese redrew the taxonomic tree. His three-domain system is based upon genetic relationships. It divides life into 23 main divisions in three domains: Bacteria, Archaea, and Eukarya. Archaea are neither bacteria nor eukaryotes. Looked at another way, they are prokaryotes that are not bacteria.

Keratin

Keratin is one of a family of fibrous proteins. Keratin is what makes up hair in animals, as well as horns, nails, hooves, shells, beaks, and feathers. The name comes from Greek word "keras" meaning "horn".

Keratins are tough and insoluble. They form the hard but non-mineral structures in reptiles, birds, amphibians and mammals. A similar biological toughness is found in chitin.

Keratins are the main constituent of structures that grow from the skin: 


Arthropods such as crustaceans often have parts of their exoskeleton made of keratin, sometimes in combination with chitin.

Keratins are also found in the gastrointestinal tracts of many animals, including roundworms (who also have an outer layer made of keratin). 

Although it is now difficult to be certain, the scales, claws, some protective armour and the beaks of dinosaurs would, almost certainly, have been composed of a type of keratin. 

The silk fibroins produced by insects and spiders are often classified as keratins, though it is unclear whether they are phylogenetically related to vertebrate keratins.

Silk found in insect pupae, and in spider webs and egg casings, also has twisted β-pleated sheets incorporated into fibers wound into larger supermolecular aggregates. 


Fibrous protein

A fibrous protein or scleroprotein is one of the three main types of proteins. The others are globular and membrane proteins). 

There are many types of scleroprotein, such as keratin, collagen, elastin, and fibroin. Such proteins protect and support. They form connective tissue, tendons, bone matrices, and muscle fibre.

Filament

Filament could mean:

In "physics and electrical engineering":

In "astronomy":

In "biology":

Other uses:

Protein filament

In biology, a filament is a long chain of proteins, such as those found in hair, muscle, or in flagella.


Hanami

Hanami () means "flower viewing" in Japanese. Enjoying beautiful flowers is an old Japanese custom. Cherry blossoms are the most popular. The custom of hanami is more than a thousand years old. It is still very popular in Japan. Hanami takes place in the spring. Cherry blossoms are there for only a week or two. The cherry trees flower in late March and early April. The blossoms do not stay fresh very long. After a little time, the blooming is over. Then the blossoms fall from the trees.

An older form of hanami also exists in Japan. It celebrates the plum blossoms, instead of the cherry blossoms.

The practice of hanami is many centuries old. It started during the Nara period (710–784) when the Chinese Tang Dynasty influenced Japan in many ways; one of which was the custom of enjoying flowers. Though it was ume blossoms that people admired in the beginning, by the Heian period (794–1185), sakura began to attract more attention. The sakura were considered sacred by the Japanese, and they were so important that they still are a cultural symbol of Japan. People believed in gods' existence inside the trees, and the hanami party was used in the beginning to divine that year's harvest and to announce the season of planting rice. Those who went to the hanami made offerings at the root of sakura trees, and after the ceremony, they took part in the offering drinking sake.

Emperor Saga of the Heian Period adopted this custom, and celebrated parties to view the flowers with sake and feasts under the blossoming branches of sakura trees in the Imperial Court in Kyoto. This was said to be the origin of hanami in Japan. Poems were written praising the delicate flowers, which were seen as a metaphor for life itself; beautiful, but lasting for a very short time. This 'temporary' view of life is very popular in Japanese culture and is usually considered as an admirable form of existence; for example, in the samurai's principle of life ending when it's still beautiful and strong, instead of slowly getting old and weak. The Heian era poets used to write poems about how much easier things would be in Spring without the sakura blossoms, because their existence reminded us that life is very short:

Hanami was used as a term that meant "cherry blossom viewing" for the first time in the Heian era novel "Tale of Genji" (chapter 8, 花宴 "Hana no En, "Under the Cherry Blossoms""). From then on, in "tanka" and in "haiku" poetry, "flowers" meant "sakura", and the terms "hanami" and "flower party" were only used to mean sakura blossom viewing.
At the beginning, the custom was followed only by the Imperial Court, but the samurai nobility also began celebrating it during the Azuchi-Momoyama period (1568–1600). In those years, Toyotomi Hideyoshi gave great hanami parties in Yoshino and Daigo, and the festivity became very popular through all the Japanese society. Shortly after that, farmers began their own custom of climbing nearby mountains in the springtime and having lunch under the blooming cherry trees. This practice, called then as the "spring mountain trip", combined itself with that of the nobles' to form the urban culture of hanami. By the Edo period (1600–1867), all the common people took part in the celebrations, in part because Tokugawa Yoshimune planted areas of cherry blossom trees to encourage this. Under the sakura trees, people had lunch and drank sake in cheerful feasts.

Japanese people continue the tradition of hanami. People fill parks to eat and drink under the flowering trees. In more than half of Japan, the cherry blossoming days come at the same time of the beginning of school and work after vacation, and so welcoming parties are often opened with hanami. Usually, people go to the parks to keep the best places to celebrate hanami with friends, family, and company co-workers many hours before. In many places such as Ueno Park, temporary paper lanterns are hung for night viewing of the flowers.

The blossom forecast or cherry blossom front is announced each year by the Japan Meteorological Agency. The first cherry blossoms happen in the subtropical southern islands of Okinawa, while on the northern island of Hokkaido, they bloom much later. In most large cities like Tokyo, Kyoto and Osaka, the cherry blossom season normally takes place around the end of March and the beginning of April. The television and newspapers closely follow this "cherry blossom front", as it slowly moves from south to north.

Hanami is also popular outside of Japan. There are hanami celebrations in Korea, Philippines, China, and elsewhere (many other places).

In 1912, Japan gave 3,000 sakura trees to the United States to celebrate the nations' friendship. These trees were planted in Washington, D.C.. 3,800 more trees were added 1956. These sakura trees are a popular tourist attraction. Each year, the "National Cherry Blossom Festival" happens when they bloom in early Spring.

In Macon, Georgia, another cherry blossom festival called the "International Cherry Blossom Festival" is celebrated every spring. Macon is known as the "Cherry Blossom Capital of the World" because 300,000 sakura trees grow there.

In Brooklyn, New York, the "Annual Sakura Matsuri Cherry Blossom Festival" takes place in May at Brooklyn Botanic Garden. This festival started in 1981 and is very popular.



Landmarks

Originally, a landmark literally meant a prominent, easily identified geographic point, (like a mountain, a cliff, or a river) used by explorers and others to find their way back or through an area.

In modern use, it includes anything that can be recognized easily, such as a monument, building, or other structure. In American English it is the main word used to call places that are tourist attractions because they are beautiful, or big, or they have historical importance. Some, such as National Landmarks, are on official lists of landmarks. Landmarks in the British English are normally used for casual navigation, such as giving directions to someone to get somewhere. This is done in American English as well.

Landmarks also can be of two different categories: natural (e.g., physical features such as waterfalls and mountains), and structures constructed by humans. Many of them are World Heritage Sites.
Some important landmarks across the world today include:








Neighbourhood

A neighbourhood or neighborhood is a geographic community in a larger city, town or suburb. Neighbourhoods are often social communities because the people that live in them commonly talk with each other. Researchers have not agreed on an exact definition.

According to urban scholar Lewis Mumford, Neighbourhoods have always exist where humans live. Many of the functions of the city are usually distributed into neighbourhoods. Archaeologists have found evidence of neighbourhoods in the ruins of most of the earliest cities around the world. Historical documents give information about neighbourhood life in many historical preindustrial or nonwestern cities.

Neighbourhoods are usually created by social interaction between people living near each another. They are local social groups larger than households that are not under the control of city or state officials. In some early urban traditions, basic municipal functions such as protection, marriages, cleaning and repairs are done by neighbourhoods. This is shown to have happened in historical Islamic cities.

Most ancient and historical cities also had administrative districts. These were used by the government for taxation and social control. Administrative districts are usually larger than neighbourhoods. They often cover areas that are larger than just one neighbourhood. Sometimes, administrative districts are just one neighbourhood. This leads to a lot of control of social life by officials. For example, in the T’ang period Chinese capital city Chang’an, neighbourhoods were districts. There were state officials who controlled life and activity at the neighbourhood level.

Neighbourhoods in very old cities often grouped certain people together. Ethnic neighbourhoods were important in many old cities. They are still common in cities today. Economic specialists, including craft makers, merchants, and others, could be grouped together in neighbourhoods. There were also neighbourhoods based around certain religions. One important part to neighbourhood being different from each other and their people getting along well was how people moved from rural areas to the cities. This was always happening in old cities. The people moving to the cities often moved in with relatives and people they knew from before moving to the city.

In the mainland of the People's Republic of China, the term is usually used for the urban administrative division. These divisions are found below the district level. A subdistrict level may exists in some cities. They are also called streets. The naming may be different from one city to another. Neighbourhoods usually have 2,000 to 10,000 families. Within neighbourhoods, families are grouped into smaller groups of 100 to 600 families. These smaller groups are supervised by a residents' committee. These groups are often broken down into even smaller groups of fifteen to forty families. In most urban areas of China, neighbourhood, community, residential community, residential unit, residential quarter have the same meaning.

Neighbourhood () in Turkey is an administrative unit within municipalities. It has an official status but no governmental powers. Neighbourhoods are administered by the Mukhtar and the "Neighbourhood Seniors Council". This is a group of 4 people. The mukhtar is elected by the people living in the neighbourhood. He is an administrator of the district governor. Mukhtar also has a seat at the City Assembly. This is an organization for the coordination of the public institutions in the city. Neighbourhood administrators get a salary from the Central Government. They also get money from the fees paid for dealing with certain documents.

The term has no official use in the United Kingdom. It is often used by local boroughs for sub-divisions of their area for the delivery of certain services and functions. It is also used as a term to refer to a small area within a town or city. The term is commonly used to refer to organisations which deal with such a very local issues, such as neighbourhood policing or Neighbourhood watches. Government statistics for local areas are often called neighbourhood statistics even though the data is usually broken down into districts and wards.

In Canada and the United States, neighborhoods often have official or semi-official status. This is commonly done using neighbourhood associations, neighbourhood watches, or block watches. These may deal with such things as lawn care and fence height. They may provide such things as block parties, neighbourhood parks, and community security. In some other places the organisation is the parish. A parish may have several neighbourhoods in it depending on the area.


Lantern

A lantern is a device that can be moved from one place to another, used to create light and to light up open areas. Lanterns may be used for giving signals, or as general light sources for camping. They can have candles inside, or use other things as fuel, like alcohol or kerosene. Lanterns that give dim light are generally used as decoration. Lanterns are also used in festivals like the Obon festival in Japan.


Cherry blossom

Japanese cherry blossom or sakura (Japanese kanji and Chinese character: 桜 or 櫻; katakana: サクラ) are cherry trees, "Prunus serrulata", and their blossoms. The cherry fruit is from a different species of tree. 

Cherry trees are a symbol of spring for Japanese people. The word Sakura can also be used as a name for women.
The traditional custom of "Hanami" or "Flower viewing" involves visiting places where sakura are blooming. Japanese people love cherry blossoms, but they are not the national flower in Japan. Someiyoshino is the most famous type of sakura.

There are about 400 different types of cherry trees. They mutate easily.

Most of the flowers are white or pink with five petals.

A cherry blossom, also known as a Japanese cherry or sakura, is a flower of many trees of genus Prunus or Prunus subgenus. 

What do cherry blossoms smell like? Cherry blossoms have a smell, but it's very faint and subtle. The scent features light notes of lilac, rose, and magnolia with a powdery vanilla note and almond-like aromas. The aroma isn't overly sweet, fruity, or floral.




Filamentation

"For other uses see "Filament"."

Filamentation is the anomalous (not normal) growth of certain bacteria, such as "E. coli", in which cells continue to elongate but do not divide (no septa formation). Bacterial filamentation is a defect in completing replication and is observed in bacteria responding to a various stresses. This may happen, for example, when there is extensive DNA damage through the SOS response system. Nutritional change may also cause bacterial filamentation.

Septum

A septum (Latin: "something that encloses"; plural Septa) is a partition separating two cavities or spaces. Examples include:
Fungi produce septa to partition filamentous hyphae into discrete cells.

National Youth Orchestra of Great Britain

The National Youth Orchestra of Great Britain (NYO) is an orchestra for young musicians in the United Kingdom. The members of the orchestra are all aged between 13 and 19 years. It is a very large orchestra with about 150 players. Children who want to play in the National Youth Orchestra have to be able to play their instrument very well. They need to be at least Grade 8 Distinction standard and they need to be very good at sightreading so that they can learn very quickly. They have to pass an audition to get a place in the orchestra. These auditions take place in the autumn in several towns in Britain.

The National Youth Orchestra was started in 1947 by Ruth Railton (later Dame Ruth King). The current director is Sarah Alexander.

The orchestra meet three times a year during the school holidays at New Year, Easter and Summer for about two weeks. They rehearse very hard together and then give one or two concerts in famous concert halls in Britain such as Barbican Hall in London, Symphony Hall in Birmingham, Bridgewater Hall in Manchester, St David's Hall in Cardiff and Glasgow Royal Concert Hall in Glasgow. Every year they play in a Promenade Concert in the Royal Albert Hall. In 2007 they played the Leningrad Symphony by Shostakovich at the Proms. In June that year they played at the Glastonbury Festival. The trumpeters and drummers woke people up with Aaron Copland’s "Fanfare for the Common Man" In April 2008 the NYO played Stravinsky's "Rite of Spring" in Birmingham Symphony Hall, and in August they will play at the Snape Maltings and at the BBC Proms conducted by Antonio Pappano with the pianist Boris Berezovsky as soloist.

The concerts are always conducted by famous conductors. Usually the famous conductor will come to rehearse the orchestra for the last few days of the course. 

During their courses they also have time to play chamber music together. They are taught by teachers who are famous musicians. Some of them are young composers who are learning to compose music. They are taught by the composer Paul Patterson. The musicians also have time to explore music from other cultures.

The NYO also has Open Days for slightly younger children to explore music.


Flag of Canada

The Maple Leaf flag became Canada's flag on 15 February 1965.

Before this, Canada used the British Red Ensign with Canada's coat of arms on it. Flag experts say that the Red Ensign was "defaced" by the coat of arms.

Flag and heraldry experts also call the design of the flag a "Canadian Pale". This is because the white stripe in the middle (called a pale in heraldry) was not the usual narrow stripe but was half the width of the flag. This was the first time a design like this was used.

On some days the Canadian government flies the "Royal Union Flag" next to the Maple Leaf Flag. The Royal Union Flag is the British Union Jack, and is a symbol that Canada is a member of the Commonwealth, and that Canada and Britain share a history and a monarch.

The Queen of Great Britain, had some say in what the flag was to be. She thought that the maple leaf greatly represents the country of Canada.


The Wee Free Men

The Wee Free Men is the 30th in the "Discworld" book series by Terry Pratchett. It was published in 2003. It is the second "Discworld" book written for children, but it's still liked by many adults.

The Queen of the Elves tries to invade the Discworld again by stealing children and invading dreams.
Tiffany Aching, a 9-year-old girl discovers that her grandmother used to be a witch. Tiffany also discovered that she has a talent for magic, too.
When Tiffany's baby brother is stolen by the evil queen, Tiffany enters the elves' world to save him with the help of "The Wee Free Men" and Miss Tick. "The Wee Free Men" are small blue fairies and they speak with a Scottish accent.

Vandals

The Vandals were an located in now southern Poland. They entered the late Roman Empire during the 5th century. The Vandals may have given their name to the region of Andalusia, which according to one of several theories of its etymology was originally called "Vandalusia" or land of the Vandals. This would be the source of "Al-Andalus" — the Arabic name of Iberian Peninsula, in the south of present-day Spain, where they settled before pushing on to create a Vandal Kingdom in North Africa. 

The Goth Theodoric the Great, king of the Ostrogoths and regent of the Visigoths, was allied by marriage with the Vandals, as well as with the Burgundians and the Franks under Clovis I. 

Byzantine Empire forces under Justinian I conquered the Vandalic African kingdom in 534.

Order of the Thistle

The Most Ancient and Most Noble Order of the Thistle is an order of chivalry, associated with Scotland. Its original date of founding is unknown. James VII (also King of England as James II) created the modern Order in 1687. The Order is the Sovereign and sixteen Knights and Ladies, as well as certain "extra" knights (members of the British and foreign royal families). The Sovereign decides who is to be a member. He or she is not advised by the Government, as occurs with most other Orders. The sixteen members are required to be Scottish-born, but the "extra" knights and ladies are not.

The Order's main emblems are the thistle, the national flower of Scotland, and Saint Andrew holding a saltire (X shaped cross). The motto is "Nemo me impune lacessit" (Latin for "No one provokes me with impunity"); the same motto is also on the Royal Coat of Arms of the United Kingdom for use in Scotland and on some pound coins. St Andrew is also the patron saint of the Order.

Most British orders of chivalry cover all of the United Kingdom, but the three most most senior ones each cover only one constituent country . The Order of the Thistle, which covers to Scotland, is the second-most senior in precedence. Its equivalent in England, The Most Noble Order of the Garter, is the oldest order of chivalry in the United Kingdom, dating to the middle fourteenth century. In 1783 an Irish order, The Most Illustrious Order of St Patrick, was founded; but since the independence of the Republic of Ireland the Order has fallen dormant. The last new knight was made in 1927, and the last surviving Knight of St Patrick died in 1974. 

The first date of the Order's creation is not known. One story says that Achaius, King of Scots, was fighting King Aethelstan of East Anglia and he saw cross of St Andrew in the sky. After he won the battle, Achaius established the Order of the Thistle. Even though Achaius and Aethelstan never fought, this story of the foundation, is given in the Royal Warrant 'reviving' the Order in 1687. Another story says that the Order was instituted, or re-instituted by Robert I at the Battle of Bannockburn.

King James II and VII issued letters patent "reviving and restoring the Order of the Thistle to its full glory, lustre and magnificency" in 1687. Only 12 knights were allowed, and he appointed eight before the King was deposed in 1688. His successors, the William and Mary, did not make any more appointments to the Order. In 1703 however, Anne once again revived the Order of the Thistle.

The Kings of Scotland–later the Kings of Great Britain and of the United Kingdom–have served as Sovereigns of the Order.

When James VII revived the Order, the statutes said that the Order would continue the ancient number of Knights, which was described in the preceding warrant as "the Sovereign and twelve Knights-Brethren in allusion to the Blessed Saviour and his Twelve Apostles.

In 1827, George IV increased the Order to sixteen members. Women were excluded from the Order. George VI created his wife Elizabeth Bowes-Lyon a Lady of the Thistle in 1937, and in 1987 Elizabeth II allowed the regular admission of women to both the Order of the Thistle and the Order of the Garter.

From time to time, individuals joined the Order by special permission. These members are known as "Extra Knights" and do not count towards the sixteen-member limit. Members of the British Royal Family are normally admitted by special permission; the first was Prince Albert. King Olav V of Norway, was the first foreigner to be admitted to the Order, was also admitted by special permission in 1962.

The Sovereign has historically had the power to choose Knights of the Order. From the eighteenth century onwards, the Sovereign made his or her choices upon the advice of the Government. George VI felt that the Orders of the Garter and the Thistle had been used only for political patronage, rather than to reward actual merit. Therefore in 1946, with the agreement of the Prime Minister (Clement Attlee) and the Leader of the Opposition (Winston Churchill), both Orders returned to the personal gift of the Sovereign.

Knights and Ladies of the Thistle may also be admitted to the Order of the Garter. 

Knights and Ladies of the Thistle may also have their knighthoods taken away. But this has happened only once, to John Erskine, 6th Earl of Mar who was "deprived" of both the knighthood and the earldom after taking part in the Jacobite rising of 1715.

The Order has five officers: 

For the Order's great occasions, such as its annual service each June or July, as well for coronations, the Knights and Ladies wear an elaborate costume:


Aside from these special occasions, however, much simpler badges are used whenever a member of the Order attends an event at which decorations are worn.


When James VII revived the Order in 1687, he wanted the Abbey Church at the Palace of Holyroodhouse to be the Chapel for the Order of the Thistle, perhaps copying the idea from the Order of the Garter (whose chapel is located in Windsor Castle). 

James VII was deposed by 1688 and the Order did not have a Chapel until 1911, when one was added onto St Giles High Kirk in Edinburgh. Each year, the Sovereign stays at the Palace of Holyroodhouse in June or July; during the visit, a service for the Order is held. Any new Knights or Ladies are installed at annual services. 

Each member of the Order, including the Sovereign, is allotted a seat in the Chapel. Their coat of arms is above their seat.


Nasal septum

The nasal septum separates the left and right airways in the nose and divides the two nostrils. 

The fleshy external end of the nasal septum is sometimes also called "columella".

The nasal septum is composed of three structures:

The nasal septum can depart from the centreline of the nose; this condition is known as a deviated septum. Injury, excessive nose-picking and cocaine usage can cause septum perforations, or holes developing in the septum.

An operation to the nasal septum is known as a septoplasty.


Nostril

A nostril (or naris, pl. "nares") is one of the two channels of the nose, from the point where they bifurcate to the external opening. 

In birds and mammals, they contain branched bones or cartilages called turbinates, whose function is to warm air on inhalation and remove moisture on exhalation. Fish do not breathe through their noses, but they do have two small holes used for smelling which may be called nostrils.

In humans, the nasal cycle means that during the course of a day, the nostrils will switch over approximately every four hours or so, meaning that only one nostril is used at any one time.

Ethmoid bone

The ethmoid bone (from Greek "ethmos", "sieve") is a bone in the skull that separates the nasal cavity from the brain. As such, it is located at the roof of the nose, between the two orbits. The cubical bone is lightweight due to a spongy construction. 
The ethmoid bone consists of four parts:

Blows to the head can shear off the olfactory nerves that pass though the ethmoid bone and cause anosmia, an irreversible loss of the sense of smell and a great reduction in the sense of taste (most of which depends on smell). This not only deprives life of some of its pleasures, but can also be dangerous, as when a person fails to smell smoke, gas, or spoiled food.



Bundesverdienstkreuz

The Bundesverdienstkreuz (Federal Cross of Merit) is Germany's only general decoration (award). It is officially called the "Verdienstorden der Bundesrepublik Deutschland" (Order of Merit of the Federal Republic of Germany). This Federal Order of Merit was created on 7 September 1951. Germany gives between 3,000 and 5,200 awards every year, in all classes.

Most of the Länder have their own orders of merit. There are up to three ranks (member, officer, commander). The Cities of Bremen and Hamburg do not have an order, and by old tradition its citizens will refuse any decoration in form of an order.

The Bundesverdienstkreuz has eight classes, in ascending order:

The President of the Federal Republic holds the "Sonderstufe des Großkreuzes" ex officio. It is awarded to him in a ceremony by the President of the Bundestag. The Chancellor, the President of the Bundesrat and the President of the Bundesverfassungsgericht attend this ceremony. Other than the President of the Federal Republic, only a foreign head of state can receive the highest class award. People can also receive the Großkreuze in a special rare design. Only two people have had this award, Konrad Adenauer and Helmut Kohl.

Except for the lowest class, the badge is the same for all classes. However, the badge and ribbon for women is a little smaller. The badge is a golden Maltese Cross enamelled in red. It has a central disc with a black eagle. The star is golden. It has straight rays and its size and points vary according to class. The badge is on top of it. The ribbon is red with gold-black-gold stripes.

Austin Lightning

The Austin Lightning is an amateur soccer team in Austin, Texas. It is in the Mid South division of the South Conference of the Premier Development League of the United Soccer Leagues.

The club was founded in 2003, when it was moved from Lafayette, Louisiana. The team finished last in the division in the 2007 season, due in part to scheduling difficulties caused by record amounts of rain in Austin, which cause fields to be closed on match days. The Austin Lightning are coached by Jaime Mimbela. Their colors are red and white.


BBC Symphony Orchestra

The BBC Symphony Orchestra is the main orchestra of the British Broadcasting Corporation. It is one of the best orchestras in Britain.

The orchestra started in 1930. Sir Adrian Boult was the main conductor until 1950, when Sir Malcolm Sargent took over until 1957. Since then there have been several conductors. Now the orchestra is conducted by Jiří Bělohlávek.

As well as these principal conductors there have been others, including the famous Arturo Toscanini, who made a series of recordings with the orchestra in the Queen's Hall from 1937 to 1939.

The BBC often ask composers of today to write music for the BBC Symphony Orchestra. Composers whose new works they have performed include Sally Beamish, Harrison Birtwistle Elliott Carter, James MacMillan, John Tavener and Mark-Anthony Turnage. 

The orchestra plays a big part in the BBC Proms, the season of concerts played every summer at the Royal Albert Hall. It plays on both the first and last nights of the prom season. It also plays several concerts in the Barbican during the year. They often make recordings in the BBC studios. They can often be seen on BBC Television. Sometimes they go on tour to other countries. They also play concerts for young people as part of an education programme.

There are other professional BBC orchestras and groups: the BBC Philharmonic Orchestra, the BBC National Orchestra of Wales, the BBC Scottish Symphony Orchestra, the BBC Concert Orchestra, the BBC Big Band and the BBC Singers. There are also two amateur choruses: the BBC Symphony Chorus and the BBC National Chorus of Wales.



Jiří Bělohlávek

Jiří Bělohlávek (24 February 1946 – 31 May 2017) was a Czech conductor. He was the principal (main) conductor of the BBC Symphony Orchestra. His name "Bělohlávek" means "Whitehead". It is pronounced "Bye-lo-hla-vek". He was born in Prague.

Bělohlávek studied conducting with Sergiu Celibidache. He went to the Prague Conservatory and Academy of Performing Arts in Prague. He won the 1970 Czech National Conducting Competition and soon became famous in his country and abroad.

Bělohlávek was chief conductor of the Prague Symphony Orchestra from 1977-1989. He became principal conductor of the Czech Philharmonic Orchestra in 1990 for a short time. Then he founded the Prague Philharmonia "(Pražskou komorní filharmonii)" in 1994, They gave concerts all over the world together and made many recordings. He is still their conductor laureate (honorary conductor).

From 1995-2000, Bělohlávek was principal guest conductor of the BBC Symphony Orchestra. In 2006 he became their principal conductor. He conducted them at the Proms that year. In 2007 he conducted at the Last Night of the Proms.

Bělohlávek also conducts in the United States. He first conducted at the Metropolitan Opera (Met) in December 2004, conducting Leoš Janáček's "Káťa Kabanová" with Karita Mattila in the title role. He returned to the Met in January and February of 2007 for the same composer's "Jenůfa", once again with Mattila, and with Anja Silja as the Kostelnička. Other guest conducting appearances in the US have been with the Philadelphia Orchestra and the Saint Louis Symphony Orchestra.

Bělohlávek died on 31 May 2017 in Prague from cancer at the age of 71.

Arturo Toscanini

Arturo Toscanini (25 March 1867 – 16 January 1957) was an Italian conductor. Most musicians think he was the greatest conductor of his time. His fame was legendary: he was probably the first conductor to become a world superstar. He had an incredibly good memory and could remember every single note of the large number of works he conducted. He had a photographic memory so that he could remember what the pages looked like. Sometimes he found little mistakes in the scores which no one else had ever noticed. He had a very keen sense of hearing and knew exactly what each instrument was doing. He also had a fiery temperament and there are movies of him shouting angrily at his orchestra in rehearsals. In the early days of gramophone recordings he made some of the first recordings of famous orchestral works.

Toscanini was born in Parma in Italy. He won a scholarship to the local music conservatory, where he learned to play the cello. He joined the orchestra of an opera company and he toured South America with them in 1886. While performing Verdi’s opera "Aida" in Rio de Janeiro the audience did not like the conductor and they booed him so that he had to leave the stage. No one knew what to do at first, but then they persuaded Toscanini, who was only 19 years old, to put down his cello and conduct the orchestra. He did this brilliantly from memory (without looking at the music) and that night he became famous.

When he got back to Italy Toscanini returned to his chair in the cello section, and took part as cellist in the first performance of Verdi's "Otello" (La Scala, 1887). Verdi was there and was very impressed when Toscanini asked him about a mistake he noticed in the score. 

Soon the young musician's reputation as a brilliant conductor of opera grew. He conducted the first performances of Puccini's "La Bohème" and Leoncavallo's "Pagliacci". In 1896 he conducted his first symphonic concert (works by Schubert, Brahms, Tchaikovsky, and Wagner), in Turin. By 1898 he was conductor at La Scala, Milan and he stayed there until 1908, but returned during the 1920s. He took the Scala Orchestra to the United States on a concert tour in 1920-21; it was during that tour that Toscanini made his first recordings (for the Victor Talking Machine Company).

Toscanini started conducting outside Europe: at the Metropolitan Opera in New York City (1908–1915) as well as the New York Philharmonic Orchestra (1926–1936). He toured Europe with the New York Philharmonic in 1930 and always had great success. Toscanini was the first non-German conductor to conduct at Bayreuth (1930–1931). In the 1930s he conducted at the Salzburg Festival (1934–1937) and the first concert in 1936 of the newly formed Palestine Symphony Orchestra (now the Israel Philharmonic Orchestra) in Tel Aviv, and later performed with them in Jerusalem, Haifa, Cairo and Alexandria. 

At first Toscanini agreed with Fascism but later, when the dictator Mussolini came to power, he became against it. He refused to perform an opera at La Scala and was beaten up, so he left Italy and went to the United States.

There was no orchestra for him in the USA so they made a new orchestra for him to conduct. This was the NBC Symphony Orchestra, created for him in 1937. He conducted the first broadcast concert on December 25, 1937, in NBC Studio 8-H in New York City's Rockefeller Center.

Toscanini was often criticized for not performing much American music and contemporary music (music by living composers). However, in 1938, he conducted the world premieres of two orchestral works by Samuel Barber, "Adagio for Strings" and "Essay for Orchestra (Barber)|Essay for Orchestra". In 1945, he led the orchestra in Carnegie Hall recording sessions of American music including "An American in Paris" by George Gershwin. He also conducted broadcast performances of Copland's "El Salon Mexico" and Gershwin's "Rhapsody in Blue" with soloists Earl Wild and Benny Goodman and "Concerto in F" with pianist Oscar Levant, as well as music by other American composers, including two marches of John Philip Sousa.

In 1940, Toscanini had a disagreement with the NBC and he threatened to move to CBS. Although they agreed in the end it was this time that Leopold Stokowski began conducting some of the concerts and continued to appear sometimes as a guest conductor of the orchestra.

In July 1942 Toscanini conducted the American premiere of Dmitri Shostakovich's "Symphony no 7". Due to World War II, the score was microfilmed in the Soviet Union and brought by courier to the United States. At first Stokowski wanted to conduct it but then he agreed that Toscanini would. Unfortunately for New York listeners, a big thunderstorm made it difficult to hear the music on the radio. Later the performance was reissued.

The orchestra went all over the world with Toscanini. In 1950 the NBC concerts moved to Carnegie Hall. In a programme of music by Richard Wagner in 1954 Toscanini was not well and forgot how the music went. He never conducted in public again after that.

Toscanini married Carla De Martini on June 21, 1897, when she was not yet 20 years old. They had four children although one died. He worked with many great singers and musicians, including the pianist Vladimir Horowitz who was a great friend. Horowitz married one of Toscanini’s daughters.

When he died of a stroke in New York City at the age of 89, his body was returned to Italy and was interred in the Cimitero Monumentale in Milan.

Many years after his death, in 1987, Toscanini was awarded the Grammy Lifetime Achievement Award.


Philip K. Dick

Philip Kindred Dick (December 16, 1928 – March 2, 1982) was an American writer. He is mostly known for his works of science fiction. In addition to his published novels, Dick wrote "approximately 121 short stories. He wrote most of them for science fiction magazines." At least eight of his stories have been adapted into movies. 

Philip K. Dick developed what would later be called cyberpunk. Many of his works are about themes from sociology. Often, politics also play an important role. Very often there are Authoritarian Governments, and very powerful companies in his books. In his later books, Dick writes about drug use. He writes about characters that have paranoia or schizophrenia. In novels such as "A Scanner Darkly" or "VALIS" he uses his own experiences.

He was awarded the Hugo Award for his novel, "The Man in the High Castle", in 1963. "I want to write about people I love, and put them into a fictional world spun out of my own mind, not the world we actually have, because the world we actually have does not meet my standards," Dick wrote of these stories. "In my writing I even question the universe; I wonder out loud if it is real, and I wonder out loud if all of us are real." Dick spent most of his career as a writer. He did not have much money.

Dick died of a stroke. In 2007, he became the first science fiction writer to be included in The Library of America series (#173).

"The Man in the High Castle" (1962) takes place in an different universe. There the United States is ruled by the Axis powers, who have won the Second World War. Many people consider it to be one of the important novels about a different view on history. It is the only Dick novel to win a Hugo Award. Philipkdickfans.com recommends this novel, along with "Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep?" and "Ubik" as an introductory novel to readers new to the writing of Philip K. Dick.

"The Three Stigmata of Palmer Eldritch" (1965) uses many concepts from science fiction. It has several layers of reality and unreality. It is also one of Dick’s first works to explore religious themes.

"The Three Stigmata of Palmer Eldritch" takes place in the twenty-first century. Under the supervision of the United Nations authority, mankind has colonized the solar system's every habitable planet and moon. Life is physically daunting and psychologically monotonous for most colonists, so the UN must draft people to go to the colonies. Most entertain themselves using "Perky Pat" dolls and accessories manufactured by Earth-based "P.P. Layouts". The company also secretly creates "Can-D", an illegal but widely available hallucinogenic drug allowing the user to "translate" into Perky Pat (if the drug user is a woman) or Pat's boyfriend, Walt (if the drug user is a man). This recreational use of Can-D allows colonists to experience a few minutes of an idealized life on Earth by participating in a collective hallucination.

"Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep?" is the story of a bounty hunter policing the local android population. It occurs on a dying, poisoned Earth. All "successful" humans have left, the only remaining inhabitants of the planet are people with no prospects off-world. Androids, also known as andys, all have a preset "death" date. However, a few andys seek to escape this fate and supplant the humans on Earth.

"Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep?" (1968) is well known as the literary source of the influential 1982 movie "Blade Runner." It is about the question "What is real, what is fake? Are the human-looking and human-acting androids fake or real humans? Should we treat them as machines or as people? What important factor defines humanity as distinctly alive, versus those merely alive only in their outward appearance?

"Ubik" (1969) uses big networks of psychics and a suspended state after death in creating a state of eroding reality. In 2005, "Time Magazine" listed it among the All-TIME 100 Greatest Novels.

"Flow My Tears, The Policeman Said" (1974) is about Jason Taverner, a television star living in a dystopic near-future police state. After being attacked by an angry ex-girlfriend, Taverner awakens in a dingy hotel room. He still has his money in his wallet, but his identification cards are missing. This is no minor inconvenience, as security checkpoints manned by pols and Nats - the police and National Guard - are set up throughout the city to stop and arrest anyone without valid ID.

Jason at first thinks that he was robbed, but soon discovers that his entire identity has been erased. There is no record of him in any official database, and even his closest associates do not recognize or remember him. For the first time in many years, Jason has no fame or reputation to rely on. He has only his charisma to help him when he tries to find out what happened to his past and avoid the attention of the pols.

"Flow My Tears, The Policeman Said" was Dick's first published novel after years of silence. In these years, his critical reputation had grown, and this novel was awarded the John W. Campbell Memorial Award for Best Science Fiction Novel. It is the only Philip K. Dick novel nominated both for a Hugo and for a Nebula Award. 

In an essay written two years before dying, Dick described how he learned from his Episcopalian priest that an important scene in the novel was very similar to a scene in the Acts of the Apostles. Richard Linklater talks about this novel in his movie Waking Life, which begins with a scene reminiscent of another Dick novel, Time out of Joint.

"A Scanner Darkly" (1977) is a bleak mixture of science fiction and police procedural novels. In its story, an undercover narcotics police detective begins to lose touch with reality. This is because he becomes a victim of the drug he should have fought against. This drug is called "SubstanceD". It permanently changes the mind of the people who take it. Substance D is instantly addictive. It starts with a pleasant euphoria. This feeling is quickly replaced with increasing confusion, hallucinations and eventually total psychosis. It was adapted to movie by Richard Linklater.

"VALIS," (1980) is perhaps Dick’s most postmodern and autobiographical novel. It looks at his own unexplained experiences. Some people also see it as his most academic work. It was made into an opera by Tod Machover. "VALIS" was voted Philip K. Dick‘s best novel at the website philipkdickfans.com.

His later works, especially the "VALIS trilogy", were heavily autobiographical.The word "VALIS" is the acronym for "Vast Active Living Intelligence System"; it is the title of a novel. The theme can be found in at least three more novels.

Dick has had a big impact on modern philosophy. The things he wrote about postmodernity have been noted by many philosophers. Among them were Jean Baudrillard, Fredric Jameson and Slavoj Žižek. Žižek is especially fond of using Dick's short stories to articulate the ideas of Jacques Lacan. For Baudrillard, Dick is the ultimate articulation of hyperreality:
"It is hyperreal. It is a universe of simulation, which is something altogether different. And this is so not because Dick speaks specifically of simulacra. SF has always done so, but it has always played upon the double, on artificial replication or imaginary duplication, whereas here the double has disappeared. There is no more double; one is always already in the other world, an other world which is not another, without mirrors or projection or utopias as means for reflection. The simulation is impassable, unsurpassable, checkmated, without exteriority. We can no longer move "through the mirror" to the other side, as we could during the golden age of transcendence."


Jet Propulsion Laboratory

The Jet Propulsion Laboratory (JPL) is a NASA research center in Pasadena, California.

Renewable energy commercialization

Renewable energy commercialization involves many different technologies, including solar photovoltaics, solar thermal power plants, solar heating and cooling systems, wind power, hydroelectricity, geothermal power, biomass, and ocean energy systems. Each is at a different stage of development, yet the market is growing for many renewables.

Renewables contributed 19 percent to our energy consumption and 22 percent to our electricity generation in 2012 and 2013, respectively. Both, modern renewables, such as hydro, wind, solar and biofuels, as well as traditional biomass, contributed in about equal parts to the global energy supply. Worldwide investments in renewable technologies amounted to more than US$214 billion in 2013, with countries like China and the United States heavily investing in wind, hydro, solar and biofuels.

Renewable energy resources exist over wide geographical areas, in contrast to other energy sources, which are concentrated in a limited number of countries. Rapid deployment of renewable energy and energy efficiency is resulting in significant energy security, climate change mitigation, and economic benefits. In international public opinion surveys there is strong support for promoting renewable sources such as solar power and wind power. At the national level, at least 30 nations around the world already have renewable energy contributing more than 20 percent of energy supply. National renewable energy markets are projected to continue to grow strongly in the coming decade and beyond.

While many renewable energy projects are large-scale, renewable technologies are also suited to rural and remote areas, where energy is often crucial in human development. Globally, an estimated 3 million households get power from small solar PV systems. Micro-hydro systems configured into village-scale or county-scale mini-grids serve many areas. More than 30 million rural households get lighting and cooking from biogas made in household-scale digesters. Biomass cookstoves are used by 160 million households.

Climate change, pollution, and energy insecurity are significant problems and addressing them requires major changes to energy supply and use. Renewable energy technologies are essential contributors to the energy supply portfolio, as they contribute to world energy security, reduce dependency on fossil fuels, and help to reduce greenhouse gases. Climate-disrupting fossil fuels are being replaced by clean, climate-stabilizing, non-depletable sources of energy:
In global public opinion surveys there is strong support for promoting renewable sources such as solar power and wind power, requiring utilities to use more renewable energy, and providing tax incentives to encourage the development and use of such technologies.

EU member countries have ambitious renewable energy goals. In 2010, Eurobarometer polled the twenty-seven EU member states about the target "to increase the share of renewable energy in the EU by 20 percent by 2020". Most people in all twenty-seven countries either approved of the target or called for it to go further.

As of 2011, new evidence has shown that there are large risks associated with traditional energy sources, and that major changes to the mix of energy technologies is needed. Several mining tragedies globally have underscored the human toll of the coal supply chain. New EPA initiatives targeting air toxics, coal ash, and effluent releases highlight the environmental impacts of coal and the cost of addressing them with control technologies. Events at the Fukushima nuclear plant have renewed doubts about the ability to operate many nuclear plants safely over the long term. Cost estimates for “next generation” nuclear units continue to climb, and lenders are unwilling to finance these plants without taxpayer guarantees.


Mapudungun

Mapudungun is a language isolate spoken by Mapuche people, in Chile and Argentina. Even after the arrival of the Spaniards, ethnic groups in Argentina adopted Mapudungun, for instance Patagonians or Tehuelche. This process is named araucanization. Today, its speakers number 260,000, with 250,000 in the Central Valley of Chile and 10,000 in the Argentinian region of Patagonia.

The name of the boldo tree comes from the Mapudungun word "foldo". The word "Poncho" was adopted by Spanish and many other languages. It may have come from the Mapudungun word "pontro" or from the Quechua word "punchu".

Impurity

Something that has impurity is not pure. For example, water that is clean would be called pure water. Water that is dirty would be called impure water. This may result in a change in melting point or boiling point.

Impurities may be harmful. For example, an engine works bad when its fuel is not pure.

Impure materials are useful sometimes. Alloys are metals with impurities. Solar cells are made of silicon crystals, but a very small amount of impurity (0.001% to 0.01%) is needed in them to work.


Queen's Hall

The Queen's Hall was a concert hall in Central London, England. It opened in 1893. It is best known for being where the Promenade Concerts were started by Robert Newman in 1895.

The Queen's Hall was built because London needed a new concert hall in the centre of the town. It stood in Langham Place, just next to where BBC Broadcasting House stands today. The Queen's Hall had seating for up to 3,000 people (including the orchestra). The arena (downstairs) had removable seating. The polished floor could be used for dancing. The acoustics of the hall were excellent. There was also a smaller hall, The Queen's Small Hall, which seated 500 people. This was used for chamber music. In later years it was used as a recording studio. The architect who designed the hall was Thomas Edward Knightley.

The first time The Queen's Hall was used was on 25 November 1893 when Newman gave a children's party in the afternoon. In the evening about 2000 ladies and gentlemen came to a concert given by the Band of the Coldstream Guards, which included vocal music, piano and organ solos. At 11.00pm the seats in the arena were removed and the dancing began. The official opening of the hall took place on 2 December. On 10 August 1895 the first Promenade concert was given with Henry Wood conducting.

On January 14, 1896, the first public movie show was given at the Queen's Hall to members and wives of the Royal Photographic Society.

The seats were uncomfortable because there was not enough leg room, so in 1913 and 1919 some changes were made, after which the hall could seat 2400 people. 

From 1930 to 1941, the BBC Symphony Orchestra regularly gave broadcast concerts in the hall. Arturo Toscanini, who guest conducted the orchestra during the 1930s, made some famous recordings in the Queen's Hall in the late 1930s.

On 10 May 1941 (during the World War II) the Royal Choral Society gave a concert in the Queen's Hall with the London Symphony Orchestra. They performed Elgar's oratorio "Dream of Gerontius" under the conductor Sir Malcolm Sargent. It was the last concert ever given there because, later that night, the hall was completely destroyed by bombs. 

After the destruction of Queen's Hall, the BBC Symphony Orchestra moved its broadcast concerts and recording sessions to Bedford School. Among the great recordings made at the school was Sir Adrian Boult's recording of Elgar's second symphony. The Proms continued in the Royal Albert Hall. They also took place in Bristol and Bedford, but after the war they settled in the Royal Albert Hall where they continue today.

Avesta

Avesta is the holy book of Zoroastrianism. It is written in the Avestan language, an Iranian language. The Avesta has also been translated into other languages including Farsi and English. The oldest portion, the Ghathas, are the religious songs composed by Zoroaster himself. Other parts of Avesta are named Yasna, Yashts, Visperad, Vendidad and Khordeh Avesta. There are two other religious texts in Zoroastrianism which are named Denkard and Ardaviraf Namak.

Darius the Great

Darius the Great (c. 549 BC– 486/485 BC) was the son of Hystaspes and Persian Shah of Iran from 522 BC to 485 BC. After Darius became Shah of Persia, he divided the Persian Empire into twenty provinces, and appointed a governor for each province. He introduced golden coins and developed commerce within the empire and trade without. He tried to conquer Greece and subjugate the Greeks in the first Greco–Persian war but lost at the Battle of Marathon.

Darius allowed the Jews to rebuild the Temple of Solomon in Jerusalem. He also built many temples in Egypt. He crowned himself as the "Pharaoh of Egypt". The largest building that was built by Darius, is the new capital of Persepolis, near Pasargadae. Darius died in Persepolis. His tomb was cut into a rock face near Persepolis. After his death, Xerxes became the Shah of Iran.

Pasargadae

Pasargadae was a city in ancient Persia, and is today a historical site in Fars,Iran. Pasargadae was the first capital of the Persian Empire. The building of the capital city by Cyrus the Great, began in 546 BCE, but was left unfinished, for Cyrus died in 530 BCE. Pasargadae remained the Persian capital until Darius I built Persepolis. The tomb of Cyrus the Great is located in this city.

Pasargadae is a UNESCO World Heritage Site.

American Staffordshire Terrier

The American Staffordshire terrier is a breed of dog. 

It was first bred in British colonies of North America in the nineteenth century. Its early ancestors are the bulldog and the terrier, and used to be called the Blue Paul terrier. In the 1930s, dogbreeders bred it with the Pit bull terrier. Its name was changed to the American Staffordshire Terrier in 1972.

Persepolis

Persepolis (Old Persian: 'Pars', New Persian: , "Takht-e Jamshid") was an ancient capital of the second Iranian dynasty, the Achaemenid Empire. Ancient Persians called it Parsa, meaning "the city of Persians". Persepolis () is the Greek translation of the name. In modern Iran, the city is known as Takht-e-Jamshid (Throne of Jamshid). The largest building in Persepolis is the Apadana Hall with 72 columns. The Tachara palace built by Darius I is also an important building. The Hadish palace in Persepolis was started by Xerxes and finished by his son Artaxerxes.

Persepolis has been a UNESCO World Heritage Site since 1979.

Xerxes I

Xerxes the Great was a Shah of Iran (485–465 BC) of the Persian Achaemenid Empire. Xerxes was son of Darius I and Atossa, the daughter of Cyrus the Great. After Darius died, Xerxes became the Shah of Persia. He took up the title of "Shahanshah" ("King of Kings"). In the Graeco-Persian Wars at the Battle of Thermopylae, Xerxes defeated the Greek warriors and annexed parts of Greece. After winning at Thermopylae, Xerxes then took control of Athens with his army.

Shell (zoology)

A shell is a hard outer layer, which has evolved in a very wide variety of different animals, including molluscs, sea urchins, crustaceans, turtles and tortoises, armadillos, etc.

Seashells are perhaps the most familiar and most common shells, both in the wild and for sale as decorative objects. They are usually composed of calcium carbonate, in the form of calcite or aragonite. This can have different forms, one is nacre or mother of pearl. Other kinds of animal shells are made from chitin, bone and cartilage, or silica.

Shells of many types were popular as human decorations, either used whole or cut into pieces. One used them for all kinds of pendants, beads, buttons, brooches, rings, and hair combs.

Small pieces of colored shell and iridescent shell have been used to create mosaics and inlays which have been used to decorate larger items such as boxes and furniture. Large numbers of whole seashells, arranged to form patterns, have been used to decorate man-made grottos.

Several kinds of sea animals have exoskeletons which one can find after their death in beach drift. Often beachcombers pick them. But usually only those of molluscs (also spelled "mollusks") are known as seashells.

The majority of shell-forming molluscs belong to two classes: Gastropoda (univalves, or snails) and Bivalvia (bivalves or clams, oysters, scallops, etc.).


Tortoise

A tortoise is a reptile of the order Testudines which lives on land. Like their aquatic cousins, the sea turtles, tortoises are shielded from predators by a shell. Most are quite small, but island tortoises have several times evolved to a large size: those on the Galapagos are famous. Darwin made one of his rare mistakes when he did not note which island each of them came from. Later it became clear that they were slightly different on different islands.




Tortoise (disambiguation)

Tortoise may mean:



Sea turtle

Sea turtles ("Chelonioidea") are turtles found in all the world's oceans except the Arctic Ocean, and some species travel between oceans. The term is US English. In British English they are simply called "turtles"; fresh-water chelonians are called "terrapins" and land chelonians are called tortoises.

The earliest known turtles are from the Middle Jurassic. So, turtles are one of the oldest surviving reptile groups: they are more ancient than snakes or crocodiless. 

There are seven species of sea turtle: Kemp's ridley sea turtle, the olive ridley, the flatback, the green, the loggerhead, the hawksbill and the leatherback. 

All but the leatherback are in the family Chelonioidea. The leatherback belongs to the family Dermochelyidae and is its only member. The leatherback sea turtle is the largest, measuring six or seven feet (2 m) in length at maturity, and three to five feet (1 to 1.5 m) in width, weighing up to 2000 pounds (about 900 kg). Most other species are smaller, being two to four feet in length (0.5 to 1 m) and proportionally less wide. The flatback turtle is found only on the northern coast of Australia.



Report of 1800

The Report of 1800 was first written by James Madison. It argued for the sovereignty of the individual states under the United States Constitution. It argued against the Alien and Sedition Acts. The Virginia General Assembly used the Report in January 1800. The document mostly makes small changes to arguments from the 1798 Virginia Resolutions. The main reason for making the Report was to respond to criticism of the Resolutions. The Report was the last important writing by Madison meant to explain the Constitution in great detail, until the 1817 Bonus Bill Veto Message.

The arguments made in the Resolutions and the Report were used many times during the nullification crisis of 1832. In this crisis, South Carolina said that federal tariffs were unconstitutional and not valid within the state. Madison, however, did not agree. He said that the report did not support nullification. Modern historians debate whether Madison's theory of republicanism really supported the nullification movement. Historians debate whether the ideas Madison expressed between 1798 and 1800 agree with his work before and after this period. The election of 1800 was significant because it marked the first peaceful change in power from one political party to another.

Madison, a member of the Republican Party, was elected to the Virginia General Assembly from Orange County in 1799. At this time, most members of the General Assembly were Republicans. A major item on his agenda was the defense of the General Assembly's 1798 Virginia Resolutions, which he had written earlier. The Virginia Resolutions, usually discussed together with Thomas Jefferson's contemporaneous Kentucky Resolutions, were a response to various perceived outrages perpetrated by the Federalist-dominated national government. The most significant of these were the Alien and Sedition Acts, four laws that allowed the President to deport aliens at will, required a longer period of residence before aliens could become citizens, and made it a crime to publish malicious or defamatory material against the government or its officials. Republicans were outraged by the legislation, and Madison and Jefferson drafted the highly critical Resolutions adopted in response by the Virginia and Kentucky state legislatures.

The Virginia Resolutions had in the year since publication received highly critical replies from state legislatures, including those of New York, Delaware, and the five New England states. The reason for the criticism was that the General Assembly, led in the effort by state-sovereignty advocate John Taylor of Caroline, had put a state-sovereignty spin on the Virginia Resolutions of 1798 despite Madison's hopes. These replies contended that the Supreme Court of the United States had the ultimate responsibility for deciding whether federal laws were constitutional, and that the Alien and Sedition Acts were constitutional and necessary. The Federalists accused the Republicans of seeking disunion, even contemplating violence. At the time, leading Virginia Republican figures such as Rep. William Branch Giles (in public) and Sen. John Taylor of Caroline (in private) actually were contemplating disunion, and the Virginia General Assembly chose this juncture for finally constructing a new state armory in Richmond, so there was some truth to the charge.

Jefferson, the leader of the Republican Party and then–Vice President, wrote to Madison in August 1799 outlining a campaign to strengthen public support for the principles expressed in the Virginia and Kentucky Resolutions of 1798 (commonly referred to as "the principles of '98"):

That the principles already advanced by Virginia & Kentucky are not to be yielded in silence, I presume we all agree. I should propose a declaration of Resolution by their legislatures on this plan. 1st. Answer the reasonings of such of the states as have ventured in the field of reason, & that of the Committee of Congress. ... 2. Make a firm protestation against the principle & the precedent; and a reservation of the rights resulting to us from these palpable violations of the constitutional compact by the Federal government, ... 3. Express in affectionate and conciliatory language our warm attachment to union with our sister-states, and to the instrument & principles by which we are united; … fully confident that the good sense of the American people and their attachment to rally with us round the true principle of our federal compact. But determined, were we to be disappointed in this, to sever ourselves from that union we so much value, rather than give up the rights of self government which we have reserved, & in which alone we see liberty, safety & happiness.
In response to this letter, Madison visited Jefferson at Monticello during the first week of September. Their discussion was important in that it persuaded Jefferson to depart from his radical stance on dissociation from the Union, which is expressed at the end of the excerpt above. At the very least, Virginia or Kentucky taking such a stance publicly would have justified the Federalist attacks against the secessionist tendencies of the Republicans. Madison won over Jefferson, who shortly thereafter wrote to Wilson Cary Nicholas that: "From [this position] I retreat readily, not only in deference to [Madison's] judgment but because as we should never think of separation but for repeated and enormous violations, so these, when they occur, will be cause enough of themselves." Adrienne Koch and Harry Ammon, examining Jefferson's later writing, conclude that Madison had a significant role "in softening Jefferson's more extreme views."

Jefferson hoped for further involvement with the production of the Report and planned to visit Madison at Montpelier on his way to Philadelphia, the national capital, for the winter session of the United States Congress. However, James Monroe, who would become Governor of Virginia before the end of the year, visited Jefferson at Monticello and cautioned him against meeting with Madison, since another meeting between two of the most important Republican leaders would provoke significant public comment. The task of writing the Virginia Report was left solely to Madison. Jefferson underlined the importance of this work in a November 26 letter to Madison in which he identified "protestations against violations of the true principles of our constitution" as one of the four primary elements of the Republican Party plan.

The Assembly session began in early December. Once at Richmond, Madison began drafting the Report, though he was delayed by a weeklong battle with dysentery. On December 23, Madison moved for the creation of a special seven-member committee with himself as chairman to respond to "certain answers from several of the states, relative to the communications made by the Virginia legislature at their last session." The committee members were Madison, John Taylor, William Branch Giles, George Keith Taylor, John Wise, John Mercer, and William Daniel. The next day, Christmas Eve, the committee produced a first version of the Report. The measure came before the House of Delegates, the lower house of the General Assembly, on January 2.

Though certain to pass due to the Republican majority, which had recently been solidified by the election of a Republican clerk and speaker of the House, the Report was debated for five days. The main point of contention was the meaning of the third of the Virginia Resolutions:
…this Assembly doth explicitly and peremptorily declare, that it views the powers of the federal government, as resulting from the compact to which the states are parties; … and that in case of a deliberate, palpable, and dangerous exercise of other powers not granted by said compact, the states who are parties thereto have the right … to interpose for arresting the progress of the evil…the authorities, rights, and liberties appertaining to them.
This resolution had been the principal target of the Federalist attack on the Resolutions. Particularly at issue was the sense in which the states were parties to the federal compact. The Report was ultimately amended to provide greater clarity on this issue by emphasizing that it was the people themselves, acting through the states in their sovereign capacity, who were parties to the Constitution. The amended Report passed the House of Delegates on January 7 by a margin of 60 to 40. At some point in the next two weeks, it passed the Senate by a margin of 15 to 6.

Virginia Republicans were happy with the Report. The General Assembly arranged for five thousand copies to be printed and distributed in the state, but there was not much public response to the Report, and it appears to have had relatively little impact on the presidential election of 1800 (which was, nevertheless, a major victory for the Republicans and a repudiation of Federalist policies). Parties outside Virginia seemed uninterested in the rehashing of the 1798 Resolutions, and in other states there was very little public comment. Jefferson eagerly sought copies for distribution to Republican members of Congress departing for their home states, and when they failed to arrive he entreated Monroe for at least one copy that he could reproduce. Despite Jefferson's approval of and attempt to distribute Madison's work, the national reaction was tepid. Though it had little impact on the immediate election, Madison's Report clarified the legal argument against the Acts and for states' rights in general, particularly in its advancement of the Tenth Amendment rather than the Ninth as the main bulwark against federal encroachment on state autonomy.

The general purpose of the Report was the affirmation and expansion of the principles in the Virginia Resolutions. The first major goal of the Resolutions was to bring about the repeal of the Alien and Sedition Acts by generating public opposition that would be expressed through the state legislatures. Madison sought to accomplish this by demonstrating conclusively that the Acts violated the constitution. Laying into the Acts in his Report, Madison described many breaches of constitutional limits. The Alien Act granted the President the unenumerated power of deporting friendly aliens. Contrary to the Sedition Act, the federal government had no power to protect officials from dissent or libelous attack, beyond the protection it accorded to every citizen; indeed, such special intervention against the press was "expressly forbidden by a declaratory amendment to the constitution." As well, Madison attacked Federalist carriage laws and bank laws as unconstitutional.

To remedy the defects revealed by the passage of the Alien and Sedition Acts, Madison called for citizens to have an absolute right to free speech. Madison writes that the ability to prosecute speech amounts to "a protection of those who administer the government, if they should at any time deserve the contempt or hatred of the people, against being exposed to it." Freedom of the press was necessary, because "chequered as it is with abuses, the world is indebted to the press for all the triumphs which have been gained by reason and humanity over error and oppression." The Report supported a strict interpretation of the First Amendment. While the Federalists interpreted the amendment as limiting the power of Congress over the press, but implying that such power existed, Madison argued that the First Amendment wholly prohibited Congress from any interference with the press.

More generally, the Report made the argument in favor of the sovereignty of the individual states, for which it is best known. The basic message was that the states were the ultimate parties constituting the federal compact, and that therefore the individual states were ultimate arbiters of whether the compact had been broken by the usurpation of power. This doctrine is known as the compact theory. It was the presence of this argument in the Resolutions that had allowed the Federalists to paint the Republicans as leaning toward secession; in the amended Report the line is moderated, with an emphasis that it is the states as political societies of the people (and therefore, one reads in, not the state legislatures alone) which possess this power. Either formulation would help the Republican cause by refuting the finality of any constitutional interpretation advanced by the Congress and federal judiciary, both of which were dominated by Federalists.

In defense of Virginia Republicans and the Resolutions, Madison emphasized that even if one disagreed with the compact theory, the Virginia Resolutions and the Report of 1800 themselves were simply protests, which states were surely entitled to produce. They were "expressions of opinion, unaccompanied with any other effect than what they may produce on opinion by exciting reflection." By eschewing direct action in favor of influencing popular opinion, Madison tried to make clear that the Republicans were not moving toward disunion.

The Report was regarded in the early 19th century as among the more important expressions of Republican principles. Spencer Roane described it as "the "Magna Charta" on which the republicans settled down, after the great struggle in the year 1799." Henry Clay said on the floor of the House of Representatives that it was from the Report of 1800, above other documents, that he had developed his own theories on constitutional interpretation. H. Jefferson Powell, a modern jurist, identifies three persistent themes of Republican constitutionalism which emerged from the Resolutions and the Report: (1) a textual approach to the Constitution, (2) the compact theory, and (3) that caution, not trust, should characterize our approach to those who hold political power.

In more recent years, the main practical interest in the Report has been its absolutist understanding of the First Amendment. Multiple Supreme Court decisions have cited the case as evidence of the Framers' ideas on free speech. In the 1957 "Roth v. United States" opinion by William Brennan, Madison's Report is cited as evidence that "the fundamental freedoms of speech and press have contributed greatly to the development and well-being of our free society and are indispensable to its continued growth." Other cases to cite the Report for a similar purpose include "Thornhill v. Alabama" (1940) and "Nixon v. Shrink Missouri Government PAC" (2000).

In modern scholarship outside the legal arena the Report is mostly studied for its discussion of states' rights with regard to federalism and republicanism. According to Kevin Gutzman, the Report, together with the Kentucky and Virginia Resolutions, forms a foundation for the "radical southern states' rights tradition." However, Madison rebuffed charges that his writings supported the constitutional interpretation advanced by pro-nullification Southerners. The Report of 1800, Madison argued, did not say the government was a compact of the individual states, as the pro-nullification elements suggested. Rather the Report of 1800 described a compact of "the people in each of the States, acting in their highest sovereign capacity." The state governments themselves, no less than the federal judiciary, possess only delegated power and therefore cannot decide questions of fundamental importance. Madison thought the Resolutions and Report were consistent with this principle while the Ordinance of Nullification was not.

Gutzman rejects Madison's gloss of the Report as a "specious distinction," saying it is reasonable to read into the Resolutions and the Report an "ominous challenge to federal supremacy." Drew McCoy, however, has argued that Madison indeed developed a moderate stance which stood between the nationalists and the pro-nullification camp. Koch and Ammon agree, stating that "Nowhere in American political literature does there exist a more careful, precise and mature reiteration of the principles of republican self-government; and nowhere is it clearer that the intermediate existence of state governments between the people and the 'General Government' should function to prevent a totalitarian imbalance in any one center of authority."



Baykal (port)

Baykal (port) () is a rural locality in Russia, Irkutsk oblast, Sliudanskyy region.

The village is near Lake Baikal and is setted on the left coast of the river, Angara. In the right coast is Listvianka. The administrative centre Irkutsk is 60 kilometers north. There is an automobile ferry to Listvianka.

In 2005, there were 400 people living in Baikal village. In USSR times there were about 10000 humans.

Drumstick (disambiguation)

Drumstick can mean:


Rudder

A rudder is used to steer ships, boats, submarines, aircraft, hovercraft or other vehicles that move through air or water.

Oars mounted on the side of ships for steering are documented from the 3rd millennium BC in Persia and Ancient Egypt in artwork, wooden models, and even parts of actual boats of that times. An early example of an oar mounted on the stern is found in the Egyptian tomb of Menna (1422-1411 BC). Stern-mounted oars were also quite common in Roman river navigation as proved from reliefs more than a millennium later.

A depiction of a sternpost-mounted rudder can be seen on a pottery model of a Chinese junk dating from the 1st century AD during the Han Dynasty, predating their appearance in the West by a thousand years. The technology of stern-mounted rudder in Europe and Islam World, which was introduced by travelers in the Middle Ages, was transferred from China


Exploration of Neptune

The Exploration of Neptune started on August 25, 1989, when "Voyager 2" became the first and so-far only spacecraft to visit the planet. Like the other gas giants, Neptune has no solid land on its surface so landing on Neptune would be impossible. 

NASA is thinking to send another spacecraft known as the "Neptune Orbiter" to study more about Neptune; the spacecraft is planned to be probably launched on 2035. It would release atmospheric probes, and possibly release a Triton Lander. NASA has said the earliest possible launch date is 2030. Budget cuts may eliminate this proposal.

In Voyager 2's last visit with a planet before leaving the solar system, Voyager 2 came 3000 miles (5000 km) above Neptune's north pole, the closest approach it made to any planet after it left Earth. Voyager 2 studied Neptune's atmosphere, its rings, its magnetosphere, and its moons. Several discoveries were made, including the discovery of the Great Dark Spot and Triton's geysers.

Voyager 2 found that Neptune's atmosphere was very active, even though it gets only 3% of the sunlight Jupiter receives. Voyager 2 discovered an anticyclone called the Great Dark Spot, similar to Jupiter's Great Red Spot. However, pictures taken by the Hubble Space Telescope showed that the Great Dark Spot had disappeared. Also seen in Neptune's atmosphere at that time was an almond-shaped spot called ""D2"", and a bright, quickly moving cloud high above the cloud decks named Scooter.

Voyager 2 also found four rings of Neptune and found proof for ring arcs, or incomplete rings around Neptune. Neptune's magnetosphere was also studied by Voyager 2. The planetary radio astronomy instrument found that Neptune's day is sixteen hours, seven minutes. Voyager 2 also discovered auroras, like on Earth, but much more complicated.

Voyager 2 discovered six moons orbiting Neptune, but only three were photographed in detail: Proteus, Nereid, and Triton. Proteus turned out to be an ellipsoid, as large as an ellipsoid could become without turning into a sphere. Proteus is very dark in color. Nereid, although discovered in 1949, is still not well known even after Voyager 2 passed by. Triton was flown by at about 25,000 miles (40,000 km) away, and became the last object Voyager 2 would ever explore. Triton was shown to have extraordinary active geysers and polar caps. A very thin atmosphere was found, as well as thin clouds.



Kinder Scout

Kinder Scout is a plateau in Derbyshire, England. It is about 600 metres above sea level. It is near Hayfield to the west, Edale to the southeast, and the town of Glossop to the northwest.

The gritstone rock under the plateau is covered by a thick layer of peat, cut by a dense network of streams which flow off it. One of the main streams is the Kinder River, which drops off the Western edge at Kinder Downfall. Plants on the plateau are mainly heather, with some mosses and bilberry. Bracken grows on the slopes around the plateau. The highest point is Kinder Low at .

It can be approached from the southeast up a steep track called Jacobs Ladder. It is crossed by the Pennine Way long-distance footpath which starts in nearby Edale. Several sections of the path have been surfaced with large stone slabs in this area, to try to reduce environmental damage to the delicate moorland ecosystem by the large number of hikers it attracts all year round.

In the 1930s, Kinder Scout was the scene of the first mass trespasses by ramblers on Sunday, 24 April 1932 protesting at the lack of public access to the open moorland in many parts of northern England, which were then kept for grouse shooting by the estates of a number of stately homes. Public rights of way were established later, and the 2000 Countryside and Rights of Way Act set a new legal framework in which the bulk of Kinder Scout is now "Access Land" where the public has a right to roam freely.

Stern

The stern is the rear part of a ship or boat. 

The stern area has always been the place near the steering apparatus (rudder, tiller, ship's wheel, etc.), and by extension became the domain of the ship's captain and other officers. In particular, the stern was the location of the officers' quarters, and during the age of sail became the most luxurious part of the ship, with rows of windows, galleries, walkways, and fine decorations. That meant that this part was rather vulnerable, and the goal of much maneuvering in battle was to achieve the stern rake, in which a ship would pour its entire broadside into the stern.

Other features of the stern included lanterns and the ensign.


Stern (disambiguation)

The stern is the rear part of a ship or boat.

Stern could also mean:

Urbain Le Verrier

Urbain Le Verrier (March 11, 1811 – September 23, 1877) was a French astronomer and mathematician who was famous for co-discovering the planet, Neptune.

John Malkovich

John Gavin Malkovich (born December 9, 1953) is an American actor, producer and director. He was nominated for the Academy Award, and he also won an Emmy Award.

He was in the Robert Zemeckis' movie, "Beowulf". That movie also starred Anthony Hopkins and Angelina Jolie.

Malkovich was married to actress Glenne Headly from 1982 until they divorced in 1988.

On June 6, 2013 in Toronto, Malkovich rescued a man after he was sliced in the neck. Malkovich helped the man until the paramedics arrived.


Glenn Close

Glenn Close (born March 19, 1947) is an American actress. She has been nominated for and won many awards in her career, for her acting in both movies and theater.







Blaqk Audio

Blaqk Audio is an electronic band, made by Davey Havok and Jade Puget of AFI. Blaqk Audio features Davey Havok as lyricist and vocalist, with Jade Puget writing all music and programming the synthesizers. Blaqk Audio was recently signed to Interscope Records, and their first album, "CexCells", was released on August 14, 2007. The band describes themselves as ""Two boys in love with synthesizers and software"".



Hugh Grant

Hugh John Mungo Grant (born 9 September 1960) is an English actor. He won a Golden Globe award in 1995 for his starring role in the movie "Four Weddings and a Funeral". His other movies include: "Nine Months", "Notting Hill", "Mickey Blue Eyes", "Bridget Jones's Diary", "About a Boy", "Love Actually" and "Paddington 2".

Grant was born at Charing Cross Hospital in Hammersmith, London, the second son of Fynvola Susan MacLean (b. Wickham, Hampshire, 11 October 1933; d. Hounslow, London, July 2001) and Captain James Murray Grant (b. 1929). Grant's grandfather, Colonel James Murray Grant,DSO was decorated for bravery and leadership at Saint-Valery-en-Caux during World War II.

Grant's father was trained at Sandhurst, Berkshire and served with the Seaforth Highlanders for eight years in Malaya, Germany and Scotland. He ran a carpet firm, pursued hobbies such as golf and painting watercolours, and raised his family in Chiswick, west London, where the Grants lived next to Arlington Park Mansions on Sutton Lane. His mother worked as a schoolteacher and taught Latin, French and music for more than 30 years in the state schools of west London. She died at the age of 65, 18 months after being diagnosed with pancreatic cancer.

Grant started his education at Hogarth Primary School in Chiswick but then moved to St Peter's Primary School in Hammersmith, Grant was then educated at an independent prep school Wetherby School. From 1969 to 1978, he attended the independent Latymer Upper School in Hammersmith on a scholarship and played 1st XV rugby, cricket and football for the school. 

In 1979, Grant won the Galsworthy scholarship to New College, Oxford where he starred in his first film, "Privileged", produced by the Oxford University Film Foundation. He studied English literature and graduated with 2:1 honours. Actress Anna Chancellor, who met Grant while she was still at school, has recalled, "I first met Hugh at a party at Oxford. There was something magical about him. He was a star even then, without having done anything. Grant joined the exclusive Piers Gaveston Society at Oxford, a group with a reputation for debauchery and decadence."

Viewing acting as nothing more than a creative outlet, he joined the Oxford University Dramatic Society and starred in a successful touring production of "Twelfth Night".

Grant has mostly been a comedy (especially a romantic comedy) actor for almost all of his mainstream film career. He also never ventures to play characters who are not British. While some film critics, such as Roger Ebert, have defended the limited variety of his performances, others have dismissed him as a one-trick pony. Eric Fellner, co-owner of Working Title Films and a long-time collaborator of Grant, said, "His range hasn't been fully tested, but each performance is unique."  A majority of Grant's popular films in the 1990s followed a similar plot that captured an optimistic bachelor experiencing a series of embarrassing incidents to find true love, often with an American woman. 


James Caan

James Langston Edmund Caan (March 26, 1940 – July 6, 2022) was an American movie, stage and television actor. He is known for his role of Sonny Corleone in 1972's "The Godfather" and for his role as Ed Deline on "Las Vegas". He was nominated for many awards, including the Academy Award, Emmy and Golden Globe. He also played Frank in "Thief", Paul Sheldon in "Misery" and Walter Hobbs in "Elf".

Caan was the son of Sophie (née Falkenstein) and Arthur Caan, Jewish immigrants from Germany. He was a conservative and supported Donald Trump.

Caan died on July 6, 2022 at the Ronald Reagan UCLA Medical Center in Los Angeles, California from a heart attack caused by coronary artery disease at the age of 82.


James Coburn

James Harrison Coburn (August 31, 1928 – November 18, 2002) was an American actor. He became famous in the 1960s when he made many Western movies, such as "The Magnificent Seven". But after that, he acted in other different types of roles, and became a more complete and successful actor. He was very ill in the 1980s and he almost did not make any more movies in that decade. However, he got better and started acting again in the 1990s. He won an Academy Award in 1998.


4 Vesta

4 Vesta () is the second most massive asteroid in the solar system, with an average diameter of about 530 km (around 330 miles) and an estimated mass of 9% of the mass of the entire asteroid belt. Its size and unusually bright surface makes Vesta the brightest asteroid, and the only one ever visible to the naked eye from Earth. Vesta's astronomical symbol is .

Vesta was discovered by the German astronomer Heinrich Wilhelm Olbers on March 29, 1807. He allowed the prominent mathematician Carl Friedrich Gauss to name the asteroid after the Roman virgin goddess of home and hearth, Vesta.

After the discovery of Vesta in 1807, no asteroids were discovered for the next 38 years. During this time the four known asteroids were counted among the planets, and each had its own planetary symbol. Vesta was represented by a stylized hearth, currently . Old graphic variants include , and Symbol of Vesta. The modern form is a simplification of the last.
Vesta is the second-most massive body in the asteroid belt. Vesta does have a different interior compared to its surface. It is in the Inner Main Belt, at a distance of about 2.50 AU. It is similar to 2 Pallas in volume, but somewhat more massive.

Vesta's shape is close to the shape of a sphere by its own gravity, but the large concavity and lump at the pole (see 'Surface Features' below) did not fit the criteria for being considered a planet under the International Astronomical Union. It is possible that Vesta may be listed as a dwarf planet in the future, if it is convincingly determined that its shape is from hydrostatic equilibrium.

Its rotation is fast for an asteroid (5.342 h) and prograde, with the north pole pointing in the direction of right ascension 20 h 32 min, declination +48° with an uncertainty of about 10°. This gives an axial tilt of 29°.

Temperatures on the surface are about -20°C with the Sun overhead, dropping to about -190°C at the winter pole. Typical day-time and night-time temperatures are -60°C and -130°C, respectively. This estimate is for May 6, 1996, very close to perihelion, while details vary somewhat with the seasons.

For Vesta, there is a large collection of possible samples available to scientists, in the form of over 200 HED meteorites, giving insight into Vesta's geologic history and structure.

Vesta is thought to consist of a metallic iron-nickel core, with a rocky olivine mantle, and a surface crust. From the first appearance of Ca-Al-rich inclusions (the first solid matter in the Solar System, forming about 4567 million years ago), a likely timeline is as follows:

Vesta is the only known intact asteroid that has been resurfaced in this way. However, the presence of iron meteorites and achondritic meteorite classes without identified parent bodies indicates that there once were other differentiated planetesimals with igneous histories, which have since been broken by impacts.

Some Vestian surface features have been resolved using the Hubble Space Telescope and ground based telescopes, e.g. the Keck Telescope.

The most notable surface feature is a very large crater that is 460 km in diameter centered near the south pole. Its width is about 80% of the entire diameter of Vesta. The floor of this crater is about 13 km below, and its rim rises 4–12 km above the surrounding area, with total surface relief of about 25 km. A central peak rises 18 km above the crater floor. It is thought that the impact responsible blew up about 1% of the entire volume of Vesta, and it is likely that a group of smaller asteroids known as the "Vesta family" are the remains of this collision. If this is the case, then the fact that 10 km fragments of the Vesta family have survived bombardment until the present indicates that the crater is only about 1 billion years old or younger. It would also be the original site of origin of the HED meteorites. In fact, all the known V-type asteroids taken together account for only about 6% of the ejected volume, with the rest presumably either in small fragments, ejected by approaching the 3:1 Kirkwood gap, or perturbed away by radiation pressure. Spectroscopic analyses of the Hubble images have shown that this crater has penetrated deep through several distinct layers of the crust, and possibly into the mantle which is indicated by spectral signatures of olivine. Interestingly Vesta was not disrupted nor resurfaced by an impact of this magnitude.

Several other large craters about 150 km wide and 7 km deep are also present. A dark feature about 200 km across has been named "Olbers" in honour of Vesta's discoverer, but it does not appear in elevation maps as a fresh crater would, and its nature is presently unknown, perhaps an old basaltic surface. It serves as a reference point with the 0° longitude prime meridian defined to pass through its center.

The eastern and western hemispheres show markedly different terrains. From preliminary spectral analyses of the Hubble Space Telescope images, the eastern hemisphere appears to be have a highly reflective, heavily cratered "highland" terrain with old, dusty rocks, and craters probing into deeper plutonic layers of the crust. On the other hand, large regions of the western hemisphere are taken up by dark geologic units thought to be surface basalts.

Various small solar system objects are believed to be fragments of Vesta caused by collisions. The Vestoid asteroids and HED meteorites are examples. The V-type asteroid 1929 Kollaa has been determined to have a composition like cumulate eucrite meteorites, indicating its origin deep within Vesta's crust.

Because a number of meteorites are believed to be Vestian fragments, Vesta is currently one of only five identified Solar system bodies for which we have physical samples, the others being Mars, the Moon, comet Wild 2, and Earth itself.

Proof of HED meteorite origin is based on data from the Dawn probe which orbited Vesta in the asteroid belt for 10 months. Vesta is the source of the HED meteorites, which are about 6% of all the meteorites which fall to Earth. These meteorites have pyroxene, which is a mineral rich in iron and magnesium. This has been matched exactly to the mineral signatures on Vesta's surface captured by Dawn's instruments.

Its size and unusually bright surface make Vesta the brightest asteroid, and it is occasionally visible to the naked eye from dark (non-light polluted) skies. Recently, in May and June 2007, Vesta reached a peak magnitude of +5.4, the brightest since 1989.

At that time, opposition and perihelion were only a few weeks apart. It was visible in the constellations Ophiuchus and Scorpius.

Less favourable oppositions during late autumn in the Northern Hemisphere still have Vesta at a magnitude of around +7.0. Even when in conjunction with the Sun, Vesta will have a magnitude around +8.5; from a pollution-free sky it can be observed with binoculars even at elongations much smaller than near opposition.


Animal liberation movement

The animal liberation movement or animal rights movement (sometimes called the animal personhood movement and animal advocacy movement), is the movement of activists, academics, lawyers, campaigns, and organized groups who oppose the use of non-human animals in research, as food, as clothing, or as entertainment. 

In some form or another, the concept of animal rights has been around for thousands of years. In Eastern religions such as Buddhism, Taoism, and Jainism, the concept of "ahiṃsā", meaning non-violence, is a central principle. Jainism stresses non-cruelty towards animals, prohibiting adherents from working at a zoo, cutting trees, or using any fabrics, including silk, which are produced through harming other living beings. In Islam, cruelty towards any animal is a punishable sin.

Within Europe and North America, there were many precursors of the modern-day animal rights movement. The first animal cruelty legislation was passed in 1635, which prohibited tearing wool off of living sheep. In 1822, Richard Martin, known as “Humanity Dick”, passed Martin’s Act aimed at preventing cruelty towards cattle. Martin went on to be one of the founding members of the Royal Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals, the world’s first animal welfare charity, in 1824.



Sex symbol

A sex symbol is a famous or notable person, male or female, who is found sexually attractive by many people. Many actors, actresses, and popular musicians are considered to be sex symbols by their fans and the public.


Breakfast cereal

Breakfast cereal is a breakfast food made from cereal grains.It is a common breakfast . This is made of grain, and usually eaten with milk in the United States. It is often sweetened with sugar, syrup, or fruit. There are many kinds of cereals. Some names of breakfast cereal include Cheerios, Kellogg's, Cocoa Puffs and various other brands. Most breakfast cereals are made for children, but there are many for adults as well. Some adult cereals are made for diets or other health benefits.

In the 19th century, Americans ate meat a lot for breakfast and usually did not eat grains and fiber. But after that, people who were interested in eating more healthy foods began a push for healthy breakfasts.

This brought up the creation of Granula. The name "Granula" comes from "granulates", formed of grain. In 1863 this became the first breakfast cereal and included heavy nuggets made from bran, the outer husk of a grain that is taken out when making flour. The cereal had to be soaked overnight before being eaten. Simply pouring milk over it was not enough to make it eatable.

The cereals eaten today grew out of a health campaign that began in the 1860s. Thin baked dough served to patients in hospitals inspired two men, C.W. Post and W. K. Kellogg. These two men started their own companies, named them after themselves.



Sexual attraction

Sexual attraction is an attraction to other members of the same species for sexual or erotic activity. In many species this does not always mean a sexual act; indeed, some sexual behavior among primates is mostly a social activity.

What is sexually attractive to humans may change by culture or place. The sexual attraction of one person to another depends on both people. 

Much of human sexual attractiveness is physical (see beauty). This involves the impact one's appearance has on the senses, especially in the beginning of a relationship:





Cheerios

Cheerios is a popular brand of cereal. It is manufactured by General Mills. It was founded in 1941 as CheeriOats, the first ready-to-eat oat cereal. They are still making cereal, and it is produced worldwide.


Rehearsal

A rehearsal is a practice before a concert or play in a theatre or some other performance. The group of performers will get together to rehearse. They may rehearse together many times before the performance so that they get used to performing with one another.

A dress rehearsal is the last rehearsal before the performance. It is called a 'dress rehearsal' because in a theatre the actors will be wearing their costumes. When an orchestra or other music group have a 'dress rehearsal' this does not mean that they have to dress up. It simply means that it is the last rehearsal, and it will be in the hall where they are going to perform so that everything is as it will be for the performance.

Orchestras often have section rehearsals or sectionals. This means that each group of instruments rehearse separately, e.g. the string sectional will be all the string instruments rehearsing together. This can be useful because they can concentrate on the bits which are particularly difficult for them: the string instruments can talk about the bowing etc.

An open rehearsal is a rehearsal that the public can come and watch. In opera houses the dress rehearsal is often an open rehearsal. The entry may be free or the audience may have to pay, but not as much as for a ticket for a performance. The audience will have to understand that the performance may be stopped if something goes wrong and needs to be rehearsed. Singers will often save their voices by not singing as loudly as they will in the performance (this is called "marking").

A technical rehearsal in a theatre is a rehearsal for practising things such as lighting and using props.

London Symphony Orchestra

The London Symphony Orchestra (LSO) is a British orchestra. It is one of the most famous orchestras of the world. The orchestra is based in London's Barbican Centre. They often tour to many other countries. The LSO became the first British orchestra to play overseas when it went to Paris in 1906.

The LSO started in 1904. Most of the players had been members of Henry Wood's Queen's Hall orchestra. They left that orchestra when Wood made a rule that they were not allowed to send deputies to rehearsals or concerts. The LSO was set up as an organization that governed itself. This means that the members organize everything. They decide things such as how much they are paid and who can be a member of the orchestra.

The LSO gave its first concert on 9 June 1904. Hans Richter was the conductor. He was principal (main) conductor until 1911, when Edward Elgar took over for a year. Some of the most famous conductors in the world have conducted the orchestra. Since January 2007, Valery Gergiev has been the LSO's Principal Conductor. André Previn is the "Conductor Laureate" (Honorary conductor). In 2006, Daniel Harding became the co-principal guest conductor with Michael Tilson Thomas. Richard Hickox is the Associate Guest Conductor of the LSO. The leader of the orchestra is Gordan Nikolitch.

The LSO players nearly died in 1912 as they were sail on the RMS "Titanic" for a concert in New York. They changed the booking at the last minute. They did tour the United States and Canada that year. They were the first British orchestra to do so.

In 1966, the London Symphony Chorus (LSC) was formed to join the LSO for works with choirs.

For many years, the LSO did not allow women to become members. They thought the sound would not be as good. 

The LSO made their first gramophone recording in 1920. They have made many recordings since then.


The London Symphony Orchestra has had many principal conductors since it was created in 1904.

Obtuse angle

An obtuse angle is an angle of greater than 90° and less than 180°. It is bigger than an acute angle. It is smaller than a straight angle, which measures 180°. Angles are measured with a protractor obtuse angle is specifically present in hexagon and pentagon and others.


London Philharmonic Orchestra

The London Philharmonic Orchestra (LPO) is one of the major orchestras of the United Kingdom. It is based in the Royal Festival Hall, London.

The orchestra was formed in 1932 by Sir Thomas Beecham, and played its first concert on October 7, 1932 at the Queen's Hall, London. The associate conductor at the time was Malcolm Sargent.

At one of the orchestra's early concerts in November 1932 the sixteen-year old Yehudi Menuhin played a programme of violin concertos including the concerto by Elgar which the composer himself conducted.

In the 1930s, when Beecham conducted at the Royal Opera House, the orchestra played for operas there. Beecham made many recordings with the orchestra.

In 1939 the orchestra's sponsors stopped giving money to the orchestra. The orchestra became a self-governing body, which meant that, like the London Symphony Orchestra, the players organized the orchestra themselves, deciding on their pay, their members, what music they should play etc.

During the Second World War they went round the country playing in places where people would not otherwise hear music.
Many of the players' instruments were destroyed when the Queen's Hall was bombed in May 1941, but lots of people gave money for them to buy new instruments.
After the war, Beecham returned to the LPO for eighteen months, but left to start a new orchestra, the Royal Philharmonic. The orchestra continued to play with several guest conductors until Eduard van Beinum was appointed. When he became ill they appointed Sir Adrian Boult who stayed until 1956, although he continued to work with the orchestra and became its President in 1965.

Through the late 1950s the orchestra did not have much money and had to stop paying the players regular salaries. They only got paid for the work they did. In 1958 the LPO appointed William Steinberg as chief conductor. He helped the orchestra to become better again.

In 1964 the LPO became the resident orchestra for Glyndebourne Festival Opera in the summer. They continue to do this today.

In 1967 the LPO appointed Bernard Haitink as its principal conductor. He stayed with the orchestra for 12 years and was followed by Sir Georg Solti.

Vladimir Jurowski is now the principal conductor.




Vladimir Jurowski

Vladimir Jurowski (born 4 April 1972 in Moscow) is a Russian conductor. He is one of the most important young conductors of today. Jurowski studied at the Moscow Conservatory. In 1990, he moved with his family to Germany, where he continued to study music in Dresden and Berlin.

In 1995 he conducted at the Wexford Festival and in 1996 at the Royal Opera House. He continued conducting in Berlin and Bologna.

In August 2000, Jurowski was named the Music Director of the Glyndebourne Festival Opera. He is now the Principal Conductor of the London Philharmonic Orchestra.

In May 2007, Jurowski received the 2007 Royal Philharmonic Society Music Award for Conductor of the Year.

Surrealism

Surrealism was an art and cultural movement which began in the late 1910s.

The name was first used in 1917. Guillaume Apollinaire wrote the program notes for the ballet "Parade", which was created for the Ballets Russes of Serge Diaghilev. This was a collaborative work by Jean Cocteau, Erik Satie, Pablo Picasso and Léonide Massine. The program notes ran:

The movement grew out of Dadaism. This was, amid the horrors of World War I, a protest at the meaninglessness of civilised life.

At the same time, the work of Sigmund Freud began to filter through, and affect the literary and art worlds. André Breton was trained in psychiatry, and during the war, he worked in a hospital where he used Freud's methods on shell-shock patients. Not surprisingly, Breton influenced many writers and artists after the war.

Freud's work placed emphasis on the subconscious mind, and its role in steering behaviour and emotion. His way of using free association, and dream analysis to get a clue to the subconscious was picked up by the surrealists. They painted dreamlike fantasies, and practised automatic drawing without sight: 'automatism'.

In 1924, Breton wrote a "Surrealist Manifesto", which defined surrealism as:

Breton discussed his first encounter with the surreal, in a description of a hypnagogic state, in which a strange phrase inexplicably appeared in his mind: "There is a man cut in two by the window". This phrase illustrates Breton's view of Surrealism as two distant realities brought together to create a new, uncanny union.

Surrealist works have an element of surprise: unexpected items are placed next to each other for no clear reason. Many Surrealist artists and writers see their work as an expression of the philosophical movement first and foremost. The works are an artifact, and André Breton said that Surrealism was above all a revolutionary movement. From the 1920s in Paris it spread around the globe. It influenced films such as the "Angel's Egg" and "El Topo".

TRANSCENDENTAL SURREALISM Is a new artistic approach, that stands as  the evolution and redefinition of Surrealism in its classical form, as it became internationally known by Andre Bretton's Manifest in the early 20th century. Transcendental Surrealism in Visual Arts, presented in 2018 by the greek visual artist - architect Giorgios (Gio) Vassiliou (b. 1970). It is based on a completely new theory and philosophy that is summarized in  three new foundamental elements, that follow the evolution of ideas, that have emerged so far during the 21st century, in Visual Arts, Psychology, Physics, and the visual perception of the physical world. These three new foundamental elements are: 

a) Transcendental perception 

b) Creative imagination

c) Slow current of thought

Max Ernst, Salvador Dali, Man Ray, André Masson, Joan Miró and Marcel Duchamp were some of the best-known surrealist artists.


Man Ray made the first surrealist film: "Return to reason" (1923). Luis Buñuel and Dali made two well-known surrealist films: "Un chien andalou" (1929) and "L'Âge d'or" (1930). Jean Cocteau made three films, known as the "Orphic Trilogy": "Le Sang d'un poète" (1930), "Orphée" (1950) and "Testament of Orpheus" (1960), which includes a cameo appearance by Pablo Picasso.

Pim Fortuyn

Wilhelmus Simon Petrus Fortuijn, known as Pim Fortuyn (, 19 February 1948 – 6 May 2002) was a Dutch sociologist and politician. Born in Driehuis, he was the leader of the LPF ("Lijst Pim Fortuyn"), a right-wing political party. He was very popular and was expected to win the 2002 elections. Fortuyn did not agree with some things the religion of Islam does, and did not want to let criminal Muslims from other countries come to the Netherlands. He was Roman Catholic and openly gay.

Nine days before the elections, he was fatally shot during the 2002 Dutch national election campaign by Volkert van der Graaf, who is an extreme environmentalist and animal rights activist. In court at his trial, van der Graaf said he murdered Fortuyn to stop him from exploiting Muslims as "scapegoats" and targeting "the weak members of society" in seeking political power.

Wilhelmus Simon Petrus Fortuijn was born on 19 February 1948 in Driehuis, as the third child to a Catholic family. His father worked as a salesman and his mother was a housewife. In 1967 he began to study sociology at the University of Amsterdam but transferred after a few months to the Vrije Universiteit in Amsterdam. In 1971 he ended his study with the Academic degree Doctorandus. In 1981 he received a doctorate in sociology at the University of Groningen as a Doctor of Philosophy.

On May 6, 2002, Fortuyn was shot in the head, neck and chest in a car park outside a radio studio where he had just given an interview to Ruud de Wild at 3FM by 32-year-old, Volkert van der Graaf. He was pronounced dead at the scene. The attacker was pursued by Fortuyn's driver, Hans Smolders; he was arrested shortly afterwards while still in possession of the handgun used to kill Fortuyn.



Cyrus the Great

Cyrus the Great (, Kurush-e Bozorg, c. 590 BC or 576 – August 530 BC), was the founder of the Achaemenid dynasty in today's Iran. He was chosen as the leader of Persian people in Anshan, he defeated the Medes and was chosen as the Shah of the Persian Empire in 559 BC. Cyrus fought with the Lydian Empire and the Babylonian Empire. Before leaving Babylon, Cyrus also freed the Israelites who were imprisoned by Babylonians and allowed Jews to return to their native land.

He wrote the Cyrus Cylinder outlining his actions and policies. Cyrus died, probably in battle, in Pasargadae. His tomb remains in Pasargadae in Iran. Cyrus was famous for justice and kindness.

Rafał Wiechecki

Rafał Sylwester Wiechecki (born September 25, 1978 in Piotrków Trybunalski) is a Polish politician.

He is member of the League of Polish Families. From May 5 2006 to August 13 2007 was the minister of Polish government. He was the youngest cabinet minister in Polish history.


Relative density

Relative density is the ratio of the densities of two materials. The term specific gravity is similar but not the same. In specific gravity, the reference material is water. Mathematically, relative density is found with:


Čejov

Čejov is small village near Humpolec in the Pelhřimov District, Vysočina Region of the Czech Republic. 473 people live there and it has 7,98 km².

Satsuma

Satsuma / sat-soo-muh/ .n. is a variety of tangerine with a loose skin. 
It is named after the former Satsuma Province of Japan. In the United Kingdom it is often associated with Christmas.


Data storage device

A data storage device is a device for recording (storing) information (data). Recording can be done using virtually any form of energy. People have been storing data for thousands of years, by pictures and writing. Modern storage device may hold information, process information, or both. Most often the term is used with computers. Data storage devices can permanently hold data, like files.

"Electronic data storage" is storage which requires electricity to store and get back that data. Most storage devices that do not require visual optics to read data fall into this category. Electronic data may be stored in either an analog or digital signal format.

An organic brain may or may not be considered a data storage device.

All information is data. However, not all data is information.

Any input/output equipment may be considered data storage equipment if it writes to and reads from a data storage medium. Data storage equipment uses either:
The following are examples of those methods:




A recording medium is a physical material that holds data expressed in any of the existing recording formats. With electronic media, the data and the recording medium is sometimes referred to as "software" despite the more common use of the word to describe computer software.



A typical way to classify data storage media is to consider its shape and type of movement (or non-movement) relative to the read/write device(s) of the storage apparatus as listed:




Relief

Relief is a type of sculpture or carving. The worker creating the piece starts with a flat base, usually stone or wood, and takes small parts of the surface away until the desired image has been made.

Reliefs are found around the world. They can be used to decorate buildings, such as temples. Usually the artist makes reliefs of figures, such as people or animals.

In bas-relief, only a bit of the base is taken away. The figure is quite flat and this is especially common in friezes. An alto-relief is where the artist takes away a lot of the base material. This can be very detailed.

Famous reliefs include:


Relief (disambiguation)

A relief is a sculptured artwork where a modeled form projects out from a flat background.

Relief could also mean:


Frieze

In architecture the frieze is the wide central section of an entablature and may be plain or– in the Ionic or Corinthian order – decorated with bas-reliefs. 

Frieze (disambiguation)

Frieze has two major, totally unrelated meanings:


See also:

Entablature

An entablature (IPA [ɛnˈtæblətʃə]; Latin, "and tabula", "a tablet") is a major piece of classical architecture. It is the big part of the building made of moldings and bands that sits flat above the columns, resting on their capitals (tops). 

An entablature is made of three parts: 

The entabulature is an improvement on the older and less advanced lintel, which also sits between two posts and holds up roof rafters.

Flickr

Flickr is a photo sharing website and web services suite. It was founded by Stewart Butterfield and Caterina Fake in 2002.It is also an online community platform, which is considered an early example of a Web 2.0 application.

Users can upload any photo to their website. The user will then be asked to release the photo under many licenses available. Some licenses allow other people to reuse it, which makes it possible for Wikimedia Commons to transfer free files from Flickr to their website.

Any person that has a Yahoo! ID can register their Flickr account in a few seconds.

Flickr provides a free service for users to share their photos online with other people. However, free users have a limit of 300 MB of uploads per month, 15 MB per photo and 150 MB per video. However, users can upgrade to the pro account where they can get unlimited uploads at $24.95 per month.

Flickr also has a set of tools for users to upload their photos from their desktops. However, they can only be used on Windows and Mac computers.


Norton AntiVirus

Norton AntiVirus (NAV) is a popular product of Symantec Corporation. It is one of the most widely used antivirus programs. Norton AntiVirus is sold as a standalone product. It is also included as part of Norton Internet Security and Norton SystemWorks. There is also a standalone corporate edition version called Symantec AntiVirus Corporate Edition.


Haemophilia

Haemophilia is a blood condition that means bleeding does not stop. The bleeding occurs because the blood does not clot. People with hemophilia lack proteins in the blood that make scabs and blood clots. A person with a small cut or internal bleeding (bruise) could bleed to death. They do not bleed more than a normal person, but they bleed for much longer. The word comes from the Greek words "haima" ("blood") and "philia" ("to love"). To treat this, an affected person can get a blood donation from someone without hemophilia. The donor’s blood has clotting proteins and can temporarily make a normal scab. 30% of hemophilia A and B cases are the first person in their family to have hemophilia which is the result of an unexpected mutation (this means that there is an unexpected change in the body).

It usually affects males. It is passed from mother to child through genes.

There are 3 types of haemophilia:

Haemophilia A happens in about 1 in 5,000–10,000 male births. Haemophilia B happens in about 1 in every 20,000–34,000 male births.

Genetic defects on the X chromosome affect males because they have only one X chromosome. In females, a recessive gene is usually masked by a normal gene on the other X chromosome. The Y chromosome does carry some genes, but far fewer than the X chromosome. Defects of this type are called "sex-linked" in genetics. There is no cure for this disease but there are different treatments available around the world.

A person with haemophilia is called a haemophiliac.

Otis Bowen

Otis R. Bowen, M.D. (February 26, 1918 – May 4, 2013), was the governor of the American state of Indiana from 1973 to 1981. He was the first governor of Indiana to serve two consecutive terms. He was also the United States Secretary of Health and Human Services on the cabinet of President Ronald Reagan.

Bowen was born in a farmhouse in Fulton County, Indiana. He raised his family, practiced medicine, and began his political career while living in Bremen, Indiana, where he still lives today.

On Labor Day weekend in September 1973, Governor Bowen declared amnesty for a group of inmates that took hostages and rioted at the Indiana State Prison. Although his decision to give "blanket amnesty" was a controversial one, it proved to be the correct decision as all the hostages, who were not only guards, but also a few select inmates who were otherwise weak and preyed upon, were released without harm. The guards who were subsequently released after a short meeting took place between the leaders of the riot and Governor Bowen in front of b-block...the inmate negotiation took only a few minutes between the governor and a group of inmates led by one Thomas D Brown (ISP#37151) serving 10 years for armed robbery, and was compelling enough to cause Gov. Bowen to declare a successful "blanket amnesty".

The governor's action preceded a "domino effect" of changes made in all aspects of the Indiana Department of Corrections. The changes involved personnel, regulations and conditions within areas of the system, e.g. medical, food, access to media, and disciplinary aspects of every day life.

Bowen died on May 4, 2013 in his home in Donaldson, Indiana at the age of 95. The cause of death has not been disclosed.

Guacamole

Guacamole (called Guacamol in Central America and Cuba) is a Mexican dip made of avocados, salt and sometimes tomatoes. 

Various herbs may be added, such as chives. It is a green, creamy dip or garnish. It is often served as a dip or garnish with Mexican foods such as tacos and tortilla chips. 



Gordan Nikolitch

Gordan Nikolitch (born 1968) is a Serbian violinist. He is the leader of the London Symphony Orchestra.

Gordan Nikolitch began playing the violin when he was seven. He studied at the Musikhochschule (music conservatoire) in Basel, Switzerland. He worked with many famous people including the composers Witold Lutosławski and György Kurtág. He became particularly interested in Baroque music and contemporary music.

Gordan has been the leader of the Orchestre d’Auvergne and the Orchestre de Chambre de Lausanne before becoming the leader of the London Symphony Orchestra. He has made many recordings, especially of violin music which is not well known. He often plays chamber music. The violin he plays was made in Cremona in 1776 by a violin maker called Lorenzo Storioni.


1085

This page lists things that happened in the year 1085.



Literal translation

Literal translation is the translation of text from one language to another "word-for-word", rather than giving the sense of the original. For this reason, literal translations usually mis-translate idioms. 

For example, a literal English translation of the German word "Kindergarten" would be "garden of children", but in American English the expression refers to the school year between pre-school and first grade. The history of the word may also help. It was coined in 1840 by Friedrich Fröbel in the metaphorical sense of “place where children can grow in a natural way”, not in the literal sense of “garden”.


Machine translation

Machine translation, sometimes referred to by the acronym MT, is part of computational linguistics. It is the use of computer software to translate text or speech from one natural language to another. 

At its basic level, MT changes words words in one natural language for words in another. That is literal translation.

Present machine translation software adapts the translation to the subject. For example, weather reports improve output by limiting the substitutions. This technique is very effective in domains where specialised formal language is used. It follows then that machine translation of government and legal documents more often produces usable output than conversation or less standardised text.

In the words of the European Association for Machine Translation (EAMT):
The origins of machine translation can be traced back to the work of Al-Kindi, a ninth-century Arabic cryptographer. He developed techniques for systemic language translation. Hw was aware of cryptanalysis, frequency analysis, probability and statistics, which are all used in modern machine translation. 

An idea related to machine translation appeared in the 17th century. In 1629, René Descartes proposed a universal language, where equivalent ideas shared a symbol.

The idea of using digital computers for translation of natural languages was proposed in 1947 by England's A.D. Booth and Warren Weaver at Rockefeller Foundation in the same year. "The memorandum written by Warren Weaver in 1949 is perhaps the single most influential publication in the earliest days of machine translation". 

Others followed. One example was reading and composing Braille texts by computer.



Interlinear text

Interlinear text is text on several lines where additional lines give explanations of the main text. That can be a transliteration or a translation of each word of the main line (literal translation) or a free translation of the entire main text line.

Interlinear text is usually used to translate or explain the main text. It is used frequently in foreign language learning material and linguistic literature. Latin text books and Greek or Hebrew Bibles with interlinears are common examples.



Transcription

Transcription may mean:



Transcript

Transcript could mean:



Transcription (linguistics)

Transcription is the conversion of a text from another medium. 

That can be the conversion of human speech into written, typewritten or printed form. But it can also mean the scanning of books and making digital versions. A transcriber is a person who performs transcriptions.

Transcription as going from sound to script must be distinguished from transliteration, which creates a mapping from one script to another that is designed to match the original script as directly as possible. 

Standard transcription schemes for linguistic purposes include the International Phonetic Alphabet (IPA), and its ASCII equivalent, SAMPA. See also phonetic transcription

In this table IPA is an example of phonetic transcription of the name of the former Russian president known in English as Boris Yeltsin, followed by accepted hybrid forms in various languages. Note that 'Boris' is a transliteration rather than transcription in strict sense. 

The same words are likely to be transcribed differently under different systems. For example, the Mandarin Chinese name for the capital of China is "Beijing" in the commonly-used contemporary system Hanyu Pinyin, and in the historically significant Wade Giles system, it is written "Pei-Ching".

Practical transcription can be done into a non-alphabetic language too. For example, in a Hong Kong Newspaper, George Bush's name is transliterated into two Chinese characters that sounds like "Bou-sū" (布殊) by using the characters that mean "cloth" and "special". Similarly, many words from English and other Western European languages are borrowed in Japanese and are transcribed using Katakana, one of the Japanese syllabaries.

After transcribing a word from one language to the script of another language:

This is especially evident for Greek loan words and proper names. Greek words are normally first transcribed to Latin (according to their old pronunciations), and then loaned into other languages, and finally the loan word has developed according to the rules of the goal language. For example, "Aristotle" is the currently used English form of the name of the philosopher
whose name in Greek is spelled ("Aristotélēs"),
which was transcribed to Latin "Aristóteles", from where it was loaned into other languages
and followed their linguistic development.(In "classical" Greek of Aristotle's time, lower-case letters were not used, and the name was spelled .)

When this process continues over several languages, it may fail miserably in conveying the original pronunciation.
One ancient example is the Sanskrit word "dhyāna" which transcribed into the Chinese word "Ch'an" through Buddhist scriptures. "Ch'an" (禪 Zen Buddhism) was transcribed from Japanese (ゼン "zen") to "Zen" in English. "dhyāna" to "Zen" is quite a change.

Another complex problem is the subsequent change in "preferred" transcription.
For instance, the word describing a philosophy or religion in China was popularized in English as Tao and given the termination -ism to produce an English word Taoism.
That transcription reflects the Wade-Giles system.
More recent Pinyin transliterations produce Dao and Daoism.



Sumgait pogrom

The Sumgait pogrom was a pogrom by the local Azerbaijanis that targeted the Armenian population living in the Azerbaijani seaside town of Sumgait on February 1988. An estimated 30 were killed. But most say 200.



710

710 was a common year.



825

825 (DCCCXXV) was .



Momijigari

Many people in Japan do this. The cities of Nikkō, Tochigi and Kyoto are very popular. The tradition started in the Heian era.



Bloom

The term bloom or blooming mostly means one or more flowers on a flowering plant. The word may also be used as a metaphor for young people at the peak of their beauty or health. See also Blossom.

Bloom or Blooming may also mean:






Ancient

Ancient means very old. The word can also be used in these ways:

Calm

Calm is an adjective meaning peaceful, quiet; particularly used of the weather, free from wind or storm, or of the sea, opposed to rough. The word appears in French "calme," through which it came into English, in Spanish, Portuguese and Italian "calma." 

Himeji Castle

It is a Japanese National Cultural Treasure. It is a UNESCO World Heritage Site. 

Along with Matsumoto Castle and Kumamoto Castle, it is one of Japan's "Three Famous Castles", and is the most visited castle in Japan.

Several movies have been filmed at the castle, like Akira Kurosawa's "Kagemusha" and "Ran"; "The Last Samurai" starring Tom Cruise; and the "Shogun" 1980 TV-miniseries/movie starring Richard Chamberlain.

In 2009, Himeiji Castle was recognized as one of the 100 Landscapes of Japan which best show contemporary Japan and its culture in the Heisei period.



Tang dynasty

The Tang dynasty () (18 June 618 – 4 June 907) was an imperial dynasty of China. It came after the Sui Dynasty and was followed by the Five Dynasties and Ten Kingdoms Period. It was founded by the Li (李) family, who came to power during the fall of the Sui Empire. The dynasty was interrupted for a short time by the Zhou dynasty (周) (16 October 690 – 3 March 705) founded by Empress Wu Zetian who managed to claim the throne, becoming the first and only Chinese Empress.

The Tang Dynasty, with its capital at Chang'an (today Xi'an), was the biggest city in the world at the time. It is considered by historians as a high point in Chinese civilization—maybe even greater than the earlier Han Dynasty—as well as a golden age of cosmopolitan culture.

Empress Wu, the first woman to ever rule in China, was also included in the Tang Dynasty. Her methods were sometimes vicious, but she was very intelligent and talented.


Divination

Divination (Greek μαντεια, from μαντις "seer") is an attempt to get information through omens or supernatural things. The verb form is "to divine", but this should not be confused with the adjective "divine". Divining the outcome of things has been done by many different methods, such as the ones listed below.

Divination is different from fortune-telling. Divination is more ritual, usually religious. Fortune-telling is more for personal things.




Offering

Offering can mean any of the following:




Feast

Feast may mean:

Emperor Saga

Before he became the monarch, this prince's personal name ("imina") was . He was the son of Emperor Kammu, and he was the younger brother of Emperor Heizei by the same mother.

He had nine Empresses and consorts; and 47 Imperial sons and daughters.

Saga was known as a good writer. He sponsored the first imperial poetry competitions ("naien"). According to legend, he was the first Japanese emperor to drink tea.

Before he became the monarch, he was Crown Prince for three years.


According to the Imperial Household Agency, the mausoleum ("misasagi") of Heizei is near Daikaku-ji in Ukyō-ku, Kyoto. The emperor is traditionally venerated at a memorial Shinto shrine at this location.

The years of Kammu's reign are identified by more than one era name ("nengō").

In ancient Japan, there were four noble clans, the "Gempeitōkitsu" (源平藤橘). One of these clans, the Minamoto clan are also known as Genji (源氏). The Saga Genji (嵯峨源氏) are said to be descended from Emperor Saga.



Murder of Kriss Donald

Kriss Donald (2 July 1988 – 15 March 2004) was a Scottish boy who was kidnapped, tortured and stabbed to death by five Pakistani Muslims because he was white. The murderers were later convicted of his murder and sentenced to life imprisonment.

Imperial Court in Kyoto

Imperial Court in Kyoto was the government of Japan from 794 AD until the Meiji Era, in which the court was moved to Tokyo. It was moved by Empress Gemma.
Since Minamoto no Yoritomo started the shogunate, the true power had been in the hand of the Shoguns, who were mistaken several times for the Emperors of Japan by the Chinese government.

Uhorilka

Úhořilka is a small village in the Havlíčkův Brod District, Vysočina Region of the Czech Republic. 51 people live in Úhořilka. It covers 2,52 km². It was first documented in 1454.

Temporary

Temporary is a term that shows a finite period of time, with a clear beginning and an end. It is derived from the Latin "temporarius" "of seasonal character, lasting a short time," from "tempus" (gen. "temporis") "time, season." It is the opposite of "permanent". It could also mean any of the following:


Ukiyo-e

, "pictures of the floating world", is a genre of Japanese woodblock prints. They were produced between the 17th and the 20th centuries and showed landscapes, tales from history, the theatre, and brothels. It is the main artistic genre of woodblock printing in Japan.

Ukiyo-e were cheap because they could be mass-produced. They were meant for mainly townsmen, who were generally not rich enough to pay an original painting. The original subject of ukiyo-e was city life, in particular activities and scenes from the entertainment district. Beautiful courtesans, big Sumo wrestlers and popular actors would be portrayed while doing interesting activities. Later on landscapes also became popular. To this day, Ukiyo-e is still very popular across the world.

A novelist of the time period, Asai Ryōi, in his , gives an insight into the idea of the floating world:


Hiroshige

, also called Hiroshige, was a Japanese artist. He was a master of the ukiyo-e style of woodblock prints and painting.


Ukiyo-e from "Kachō-ga : Pictures of Flowers and Birds":

Some Ukiyo-e from "53 Statuibs if the Tōkaidō"

Some Ukiyo-e from "One Hundred Famous Views of Edo"


Forecasting

Forecasting is studying and saying what is likely to happen in the future. It is similar to predicting, but usually forecasting is done with scientific methods. Forecasting can be done for many different things, like weather forecasting (predicting the weather) or economy forecasting. Science cannot know the future for sure, so forecasters try to identify the most probable events, and sometimes they are wrong.

Japan Meteorological Agency

The or JMA, is the Japanese government's weather service. It has the duty of getting the information on the weather and making the weather forecasts in Japan. It also must observe and warn about earthquakes, typhoons, tsunamis and volcanic eruptions. 

The central office of the agency is in Tokyo, and it has six smaller offices at other regions of Japan.


Ariwara no Narihira

Ariwara no Narihira (, 825 - 9 July 880) was a Japanese poet and noble. He was the fifth son of Prince Abo, a son of Emperor Heizei. His mother Princess Ito was a daughter of Emperor Kammu, so he was family to Emperor Kammu by both his mother and father. Along with his other brothers, he was forced to have a civilian life and did not live in the Imperial Court, getting a new clan name, Ariwara. 

Yoshino, Nara

Yoshino (吉野町; -cho) is a town in Yoshino District, Nara Prefecture, Japan.

As of 2003, the town had an about 10,550 people living there and a density of 110.61 people per km². The total area was 95.65 km². 

Mt. Yoshino is famous for its 500,000 sakura trees. They are planted in three gardens at different altitude so that they bloom at different times of the spring.



Daigo, Ibaraki

Daigo (大子町; -machi) is a town that is in the Kuji District, Ibaraki, Japan.

In 2003, about 22,813 people lived there, 70.03 people per km². The total area is .


Ueno Park

Ueno Park was created through an imperial land grant to the city of Tokyo by Emperor Taishō in 1924. The official name of the park is , which can be translated as "Ueno Imperial Gift Park".

A famous statue of Saigō Takamori walking his dog is in this park.

Mansa Musa

Mansa Musa (about 1280 – about 1337) was the ninth emperor ("mansa") of the Mali Empire during the 14th century. He became emperor in 1312. He was the first African ruler to be famous in all of Europe and the Middle East. 

Historians say he was the richest person to have ever lived. Today, his wealth would be worth about US $900 billion.

Mansa Musa came to power in 1312 CE after the previous ruler, Abu Bakr, disappeared at sea while exploring the Atlantic Ocean and never came back. Mansa Musa's new trade works made the already wealthy country the wealthiest in Africa, which mostly came from gold, ivory, and unique salt. He is known for being the richest man in history with his large amount of gold, and what he did to make Mali memorable.

Mansa Musa was the great-nephew of Sundiata Keita, who started the Mali Empire. He is famous for his Hajj (1324–5). His caravan may have had 60,000 people carrying supplies and bags, 500 slaves each carrying a gold staff, and 80 to 100 camels each carrying 300 pounds of gold dust. On his journey, he is said to have given out millions of dollars worth of gold. He gave out so much gold in Cairo that the price of gold went down and stayed low for many years. Mansa Musa stopped in many places on his way to Mecca for his Hajj. These places include Timbuktu and Gao. He stopped every Friday at a destination and left enough gold for a mosque to be built. 

Mansa Musa made Timbuktu a center of trade, culture and of Islam, which also helped increase the spread of Islam throughout Western Africa. He was a devoted Muslim, and built many schools based on the teachings of the Qur'an. He sent students to Islamic universities in northern Africa. 

Mansa Musa was mostly known for his Hajj pilgrimage to Cairo, Egypt. Several authors from Arab claimed that he traveled with tens of thousands of people and a dozen camels carrying 136 kgs of gold each. In Cairo, Mansa Musa refused to meet the Sultan, claiming that he was only here for his religious purposes. Before Mansa Musa left, he gave the people of Cairo so much gold that the price of it decreased for 12 years. When he returned to Mecca, Mansa Musa built many mosques and buildings in cities similar to Gao and Timbuktu.

After his Hajj, European cartographers began to draw Mansa Musa on maps. As the empire of Mali fell apart, Mansa Musa's reputation did as well; he was no longer drawn as a noble king on maps. Instead, artists drew him to look uncivilized. He was drawn as a parody of European royalty and a normal person with a crown.

Mansa Musa was married to Inari Kunate.


Macon, Georgia

Macon is a city in central Georgia, USA. It is among the largest metropolitan areas in Georgia, and the county seat of Bibb County. It is near the center of Georgia, about 75 miles (129 km) south of Atlanta, that's why the city's called the "Heart of Georgia". As of the 2020 census, Macon had a population of 157,346. Macon is the fourth-largest city by population of the state.


The Tale of Genji

It is believed to have been written by the Japanese noblewoman Murasaki Shikibu at the beginning of the 11th century, around the highest point of the Heian Period. The form of the language used at that time is called Late Old Japanese. "The Tale of Genji" is sometimes called the world's first novel, the first modern novel, or the first novel to still be considered a classic, but many readers do not agree on this.

Japanese cultural scholar Motoori Norinaga first used the term Mono no aware in his review of the book. This term in now important in understanding Japanese literature.

The first translation of part of "Genji Monogatari" into English was by Suematsu Kencho. It was notably translated by Japanese nun Jakucho Setouchi in 1998. Arthur Waley made a free translation of the work, except for one chapter. Edward Seidensticker made the first complete translation into English, using a more literal way than Waley. The most recent English translation, by Royall Tyler (2002), also tries to respect the original text.


Tokugawa Yoshimune

Yoshimune was the son of Tokugawa Mitsusada, the grandson of Tokugawa Yorinobu, and the great-grandson of Tokugawa Ieyasu.

Yoshimune was the eighth shogun of the Tokugawa shogunate.

Yoshimune's government worked to control the price of rice. This earned him the nickname "Rice Shogun" or "Shogun of Rice" ("kome-shōgun").

Toyotomi Hideyoshi

Toyotomi Hideyoshi made many changes in laws and culture. For example, he made a law that only the samurai could carry weapons.


Motojirō Kajii

He died at a young age and wrote few works, but his stories have become influential in Japanese culture. For example, many high school students imitate the protagonist of his short story ""Lemon"", leaving a lemon in a department store. And his first line is usually said by Japanese people about the cherry-blossoms-watching custom of hanami.


Staff

Staff may mean:

NB
The plural of “staff” is staves. The word stave can also be used as a singular noun to mean:

Dumpling

Dumplings may be any of a wide variety of dishes, both sweet and salty, in several different cuisines. They are either made from balls of dough or are small bits of food put into pastry, dough, batter, or leaves.they are mostly cooked in southern Africa in a pot covered by an airtight,strong plastic so that it gets to boil and observe the steam then the dough's size increases while boiling They can be cooked in different methods, either by boiling or steaming.

Hank Williams

Hank Williams, Sr. (September 17, 1923 – January 1, 1953), born Hiram King Williams, was an American singer-songwriter and musicians. Williams is known as "the Father of Country and Western Music", because his songs were some of the first to come from that genre. As with many musical pioneers, Williams did not set out to create a new kind of music. He simply wanted to make music that his listeners would enjoy, that he would also enjoy making for them.

Some of Williams's songs are "Your Cheatin' Heart", "Hey Good Lookin'", "Jambalaya", and "Cold, Cold Heart". The songs were easy to remember, and many fans sang along when they heard them. Other singers began to include Hank Williams songs in their repertoires. Williams made recordings, performed on radio and early television, and also made live appearances.

Williams's parents, Elonzo Huble "Lon" Williams and Jessie Lillybelle "Lillie" Skipper married on November 12, 1916. Hank Williams was of English-American ancestry. Elonzo Williams worked as an engineer for the railroads of the W.T. Smith lumber company. He was drafted during World War I, serving from July 1918 until June 1919. He was severely injured after falling from a truck, breaking his collarbone and sustaining a severe hit to the head. After his return, the family's first child, Irene, was born on August 8, 1922. Another son of theirs died shortly after birth. Their third child, Hiram, was born on September 17, 1923, in Mount Olive. Since Elonzo Williams was a Mason, and his wife was a member of Order of the Eastern Star the child was named after Hiram I of Tyre (one of the three founders of the Masons, according to Masonic legend), but his name was misspelled as "Hiriam" on his birth certificate.
As a child, he was nicknamed "Harm" by his family and "Herky" or "Poots" by his friends. 

Williams was one of the first superstars to have problems with alcohol and drugs. Well-meaning fans and friends would buy Williams drinks, or invite him to parties, and he would lose control. He began to miss shows, and to give bad performances because of the effects of drugs and alcohol. He lost many of his best engagements, and his reputation suffered.

Williams died at age 29 on January 1, 1953, after a binge of alcohol drinking. He left behind a wife and son, Hank Williams Jr., who also grew up to become a country musician. Williams' songs are still popular, and sung by many musicians. Hank Jr. performed his father's music for many years, but later found success with songs of his own.





Sui dynasty

The Sui Dynasty (, ) was an imperial dynasty of China between the years 581 and 618. It followed the "Jin period" and was followed by the Tang Dynasty. It ended nearly four centuries of division between rival regimes.

The Sui Dynasty was founded by Emperor Wen, or "Yang Jian". Its capital was Chang'an (present-day Xi'an). The dynasty is important because it reunited Southern and Northern China and the Grand Canal was built in that time.



Bento

Bento can be very elaborate, aesthetically pleasing cuisine arrangements. Often the food is arranged in such a way as to resemble other objects: dolls, flowers, leaves, and so forth. For some special occasions like hanami, more elaborate and bigger bentos are prepared. People often take bento for a picnic. 

Bento are often sold in train stations. These are called ekiben (駅弁). Those sold in airports are called Soraben (空弁). Kyaraben (キャラ弁), is a shortened form of the two words "character" and "bento" and is becoming more popular.

Here are some foods that are often contained in a bento:


Clown

A clown is a kind of entertainer, or performance artist, who performs physical comedy and stunts to amuse others. They usually wear grease paint makeup that hides their real face, a large wig with brightly-colored hair, and baggy, padded clothing.

Many clowns belong to a circus, while others freelance or have a talent agent who helps them find work. Some clowns study at a clown college or clown school, where they learn acrobatics, juggling and other physical skills, and ways to interact with an audience. Others learn from experienced clowns, or through study and practice.

Clowns are sometimes mentioned in other forms of entertainment. "Pagliacci" is an opera by Ruggero Leoncavallo, about clowns. This theme was borrowed by Smokey Robinson, when he wrote "The Tears of a Clown" working with Stevie Wonder. Red Skelton was a popular entertainer, who performed clown routines on television.

Ronald McDonald is a clown character who is the mascot of McDonald's restaurants. (Jeff Giuliano, who performed Ronald for many years on television, later became a vegetarian.)

In many different media, clowns are often villains due to the possibility of them being creepy. Examples are Pennywise from Stephen King's It and the Joker from the Batman universe.

Dango

"Dango" are eaten throughout the year, but the different types are traditionally eaten in certain seasons. Three to four "dango" are often served on a skewer. One variety of "dango" from Hokkaidō is made from potato flour and baked with "shoyu" (soy sauce).

A common Japanese proverb is related to the custom of cherry blossom viewing ("hanami").

There are many different varieties of "dango" which are usually named after the various seasonings served on or with it.

Music stand

A music stand is something musicians can use to put sheet music on when they are performing.

There are several different sorts of music stand, but almost all of them can be adjusted in height so that they can be used by tall or short players, and by players whether they are sitting down or standing up.

The most popular type of music stand is the metal one that can be folded up so that it is easy to carry about. Some music stands are made of wood. These are sometimes very and therefore quite expensive. 

Orchestras usually give their players very heavy metal music stands. This is because the light, fold-up ones are easily knocked over. It is also very difficult to write on music on a fold-up metal stand because there is nothing to press against (in rehearsals musicians often have to write fingering, bowing and other markings in the music).

There are also very small music stands that do not have legs and are designed to be put on a table. These can be used for any kind of instrument that can be played sitting at a table.

There are also small ones that can be attached to the instrument itself. These are used in marching bands. Thomas Jefferson, former president of the United States, invented a revolving music stand which he never patented because he wanted people to be able to use his invention for free.

There are also digital music stands. When the violinist Tasmin Little played the Ligeti "Violin Concerto" at a Prom in 2003 she used a special, computerized music stand that had been made for her. There were no gaps in the music where she could have turned the pages of an ordinary music score. Instead, the music was on a computer screen, and she moved to the next page by pressing a pedal with her foot. There was also another pedal for turning back a page which was important to have when practising and for rehearsal.

Cumulative voting

Cumulative voting is a system for doing an election. There are a certain number of choices. Each voter has a certain number of points he or she can spread over the choices. That way it is possible to choose more than one option, and to weigh the choices. Usually, this applies when there is more than one position being elected at the same time. For example, it can be used to elect more than one member of a governing board. In cumulative voting, if five positions are to be elected, a voter could cast one vote for each of five different candidates, or the voter could give all five of his votes to one candidate, or two votes to one candidate and three votes to a different candidate. Bullet voting is giving all of the votes to one candidate.

Cumulative voting is used to elect representatives in many companies. It is also used to elect some governments. Switzerland and Germany use it for some elections. 

It will lead to a proportional representation.

Proportional representation

Proportional representation is a system used to elect people, usually to a country's parliament or other type of legislature. 

Proportional representation works by taking the results of an election to decide how many seats each political party receives. It is calculated out of a political party's total number of votes in the election what that number is as a percentage (%) of all the votes cast in the election. This percentage is then equal to the amount of votes the party will receive. For example, if a party gets 20% of the vote, it will receive 20% of the seats in the legislature. Most countries have a minimum percentage a party has to receive to get any seats. 

Another way to run an election is the first-past-the-post system in which constituencies vote in one member. The United Kingdom works this way.

In most western countries, there is more than one political party. Most elected representatives will be a member of one or another party. If one party has an overall majority, then it forms the government. Otherwise the government must have members of more than one party.

Countries which use proportional representation include: Austria, Argentina, Belgium, Brazil, Bulgaria, Czech Republic, Denmark, Estonia, Finland, Greece, Iceland, Ireland, Israel, Netherlands, Norway, Poland, Portugal, Romania, Russia, South Africa, South Korea, Spain, Sri Lanka, Sweden, Switzerland and Turkey.

Countries which have systems that are similar or use semi-proportional representation include: Australia, Germany, Hungary, India, Republic of Ireland, Italy, Japan, Mexico, New Zealand, and Thailand. 

Similar principles apply to sub-regions, who may have their own parliament or assembly. 

Smokey Robinson

William "Smokey" Robinson (born February 19, 1940 in Detroit, Michigan) is an American R&B singer-songwriter. Most of his hit records were on Motown Records or one of its labels, and many of them were performed with The Miracles, his longtime band. 

Robinson is an African American. His mother died when he was young; his sister raised him afterwards. Robinson met Berry Gordy when Motown first became famous. He showed Gordy the lyrics to a song he had written. When Gordy asked if Smokey had any other songs, the young man pulled out a notebook with nearly a hundred of them. Few of the songs had potential, but Gordy liked what he saw in Robinson, and signed him and his band to Motown. Gordy helped Robinson become a better songwriter, and sometimes they wrote together. Some of Robinson's songs, like "My Girl" and "My Guy", were hits for other Motown artists.

Robinson's hits with the Miracles included "Goin' to a Go-Go", "You Really Got a Hold On Me", "Shop Around", "Ooh Baby Baby", "Mickey's Monkey", and "Baby, Baby Don't Cry". Stevie Wonder gave Robinson an unfinished song he'd begun in the studio, to see if he could add lyrics and a tune. The song reminded Robinson of circus music, and he remembered "I Pagliacci", an opera about clowns. The finished song was called "The Tears of a Clown", and it became another hit.

Robinson left the Miracles during the 1970s, and began a solo career. The Miracles still had hits (like "Love Machine"), and so did Robinson, with songs like "Cruisin'" and "Being With You".

In the 2000s, Robinson went into the frozen food business, with a line of gumbos and similar cuisine.

Andrew Davis

Sir Andrew Frank Davis CBE (born 2 February 1944) is a British conductor.

Andrew Davis was born in Ashridge in Hertfordshire to Robert J. Davis and his wife Florence J. (née Badminton), Davis grew up in Chesham, Buckinghamshire, and in Watford. He studied at the Royal College of Music, King's College, Cambridge where he was organ scholar, and in Rome with Franco Ferrara.

In 1970 he took his first important job: associate conductor of the BBC Scottish Symphony Orchestra. In 1975, he took the job of principal conductor with the Toronto Symphony Orchestra. He gave up this job in 1988, but has continued to be called their Conductor Laureate (honorary conductor).

In 1988, Davis became music director at Glyndebourne, where he met the American soprano Gianna Rolandi, whom he later married. Davis returned to the BBC in 1989 to become chief conductor of the BBC Symphony Orchestra, where he held the post until 2000.

Queen Elizabeth II made Davis a CBE in May 1992. In January 1999, she appointed him a Knight Bachelor in the New Year Honours List. In 2002, he conducted the Prom at the Palace concert, held in the gardens of Buckingham Palace as part of the celebrations for the Queen's Golden Jubilee.

Davis became the music director and principal conductor of the Lyric Opera of Chicago in 2000. In 2005, he took on the post of Music Advisor to the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra for three years.
Davis has conducted lots of music. He is especially fond of music by British composers such as Michael Tippett and Harrison Birtwistle. He was a great favourite at the BBC Proms during his years with the BBC Symphony Orchestra. He often conducted the Last Night of the Proms and made a witty speech.

Sir Andrew Davis is not related to the conductor Sir Colin Davis


Haiku

The traditional hokku usually was written in six verses or more or less 5, 7, 5 syllables and they had to follow ("on-ji"). The Japanese word "cow", meaning "sound", corresponds to a "mora", a phonetic unit similar but not identical to the syllable of a language such as English. A haiku has a special "season word" (the "kigo") to represent the season in which the poem is set, or a reference to the natural world.

Haiku usually breaks in three parts, called "kireji", normally placed at the end of the first five or second seven "morae". In Japanese, there are actual kireji words. In English, kireji is often replaced with commas, hyphens, elipses, or breaks in the haiku. Japanese haiku are normally written in one line, while English language haiku are traditionally separated into three lines.

In Japanese, nouns do not have different singular and plural forms, so "haiku" is used as both a singular and plural noun in English as well.

Japanese hokku and haiku are traditionally printed in one vertical line.





All of the poets below have some haiku. However, only Hackett and Virgilio are known for writing haiku. Richard Wright wrote some 4000 haiku in the last eighteen months of his life. Amiri Baraka recently wrote a collection of what he calls "low coup." This is his own version of haiku. Poet Sonia Sanchez is also known for putting together haiku and the blues musical genre.





Gennady Rozhdestvensky

Gennady Rozhdestvensky (4 May 1931, Moscow – 16 June 2018) was a Russian conductor. Rozhdestvensky was born into a musical family. His name at first was Gennady Nikolayevich Anosov. When he started his musical career, he took his mother's maiden name. 

Rozhdestvensky studied conducting with his father Nikolai Anosov at the Moscow Conservatory. He studied piano with the great pianist Lev Oborin. When he was 20 years old, he conducted Tchaikovsky's "Nutcracker" ballet at the Bolshoi Theatre. He soon became famous. He gave the first performances of many works of Soviet composers, as well as the first Russian performance of Benjamin Britten's "A Midsummer Night's Dream".

Rozhdestvensky has conducted many orchestras and made many recordings.

In 1969, he married the pianist Viktoria Postnikova.

Rozhdestvensky is known for keeping his rehearsals short. He does this so that the orchestra do not get tired and are fresh for the performance. Sometimes he walks about the stage while he conducts. He does not stand on a podium (a raised platform).


He has also conducted many of the world's greatest orchestras, including the Berlin Philharmonic, the Royal Concertgebouw, the Boston Symphony Orchestra, the Chicago Symphony Orchestra, the Cleveland Orchestra, and the London Symphony Orchestra.


Waka (poetry)

Waka () or Yamato uta is a genre of Japanese poetry. Waka literally means ""Japanese poem"" in Japanese. The word "waka" was originally created by poets during the Heian Period to make clear the difference between native Japanese poetry and the "kanshi" (, "Chinese poems"). This meant that they put together several different styles, one of them being tanka ( lit. "short poem") and the other chōka ( lit. "long poem"). There are others: bussokusekika ( lit. "rock of the Buddha's footprint poem"), sedōka ( lit. "whirling head poem") and katauta ( lit. "poem fragment").

These last three forms were no longer used at the beginning of the Heian Period, and "chōka" also disappeared a short time after. So, the term "waka" came in time to mean the same as "tanka". Tanka is a much older form of Japanese poetry than haiku.

Waka did not follow any rules of rhyme, nor line; it was a free style kind of poetry. This can be seen in this example of tanka written by poet Yamanoue no Okura (660 - 733)


Amiri Baraka

Amiri Baraka (born Everett Leroy Jones; October 7, 1934 – January 9, 2014), previously known as LeRoi Jones, was an American writer. He has written poetry, drama, essays and music criticism. He is also the father of Newark city mayor Ras Baraka.

Baraka has been called "one of the most influential and prolific African American writers of the twentieth century."

Baraka's poetry and other writing have been both praised and hated. In the African-American community, some compare Baraka to James Baldwin. They see him as one of the most respected and most widely published black writers of his time. Others have said that his work shows much violence, misogyny, and homophobia.

Baraka's writings have made controversy over the years, mostly because of his advocacy of rape and violence towards (at many times) women, gay people, white people, and Jews. Critics of his work have said such words are examples of racism, sexism, homophobia, and anti-Semitism in his work.

The following is from a 1965 essay:

Most American white men are trained to be fags. For this reason it is no wonder their faces are weak and blank. … The average ofay [white person] thinks of the black man as potentially raping every white lady in sight. Which is true, in the sense that the black man should want to rob the white man of everything he has. But for most whites the guilt of the robbery is the guilt of rape. That is, they know in their deepest hearts that they should be robbed, and the white woman understands that only in the rape sequence is she likely to get cleanly, viciously popped.

Baraka died January 9, 2014 in Newark, New Jersey after being hospitalized in the facility's intensive care unit for one month prior to his death. He was 79 years old. The cause of death was complications of surgery. Baraka had diabetes.




Jorge Luis Borges

Jorge Luis Borges (August 24, 1899 – June 14, 1986) was an Argentine writer. He was best known in the English-speaking world for his short stories and fictive essays. Borges was also a poet, critic, translator and man of wisdom.

He was influenced by authors such as Dante Alighieri, Miguel de Cervantes, Franz Kafka, H.G. Wells, Rudyard Kipling, Arthur Schopenhauer and G. K. Chesterton.






Billy Collins

William J. "Billy" Collins (born March 22, 1941) is a poet who served two terms as the 11th Poet Laureate of the United States. He served from 2001 to 2003. In his home state, Collins has been recognized as a Literary Lion of the New York Public Library (1992) and selected as the New York State Poet for 2004.



Wind power in Texas

Wind power in Texas consists of many wind farms with a total installed generating capacity of 9,410 MW from over 40 different projects. Texas produces the most wind power of any U.S. state, followed by Iowa with 3,670 MW.

Several forces are working to the advantage of wind power in Texas: the wind resource in many areas of the state is very large, large projects are relatively easy to site, and the market price for electricity is relatively high because it is set by natural gas prices. The wind power industry is also creating many jobs and farmers may earn extra income by leasing their land to wind developers.

The Roscoe Wind Farm (781 MW) is the world's largest wind farm. Other large wind farms in Texas include: Horse Hollow Wind Energy Center, Sherbino Wind Farm, Capricorn Ridge Wind Farm, Sweetwater Wind Farm, Buffalo Gap Wind Farm, King Mountain Wind Farm, Desert Sky Wind Farm, Wildorado Wind Ranch, and the Brazos Wind Farm.

Wind power has a long history in Texas. West Texas State University began wind energy research in 1970 and led to the formation of the Alternative Energy Institute (AEI) in 1977. AEI has been a major information resource about wind energy for Texas.

Texas is firmly established as the leader in wind power development in the USA, ahead of Iowa and California. The expanding wind power market will help Texas meet its 2015 renewable energy goal of 5,000 new megawatts of power from renewable sources.

The table below lists the larger wind farms in Texas, currently operating or under construction. Wind farms which are smaller than 120 MW in capacity are not shown.

Several forces are driving the growth of wind power in Texas: the wind resource in many areas of the state is very large, large projects are relatively easy to site, and the market price for electricity is set by natural gas prices and so is relatively high. The broad scope and geographical extent of wind farms in Texas is considerable:

"Wind resource areas in the Texas Panhandle, along the Gulf Coast south of Galveston, and in the mountain passes and ridge tops of the Trans-Pecos offer Texas some of the greatest wind power potential in the United States. Currently there are over 2,000 wind turbines in West Texas alone. Most of the new wind capacity added in the last two years has been in the Abilene-Sweetwater area. The Horse Hollow Wind Energy Center is the largest wind power facility in the nation with a total capacity of 735 MW. It is spread across approximately 47,000 acres in Taylor and Nolan County near Abilene."
Wind is a highly variable resource, but with proper understanding it can be readily incorporated into an electric utility's generation mix. Many areas contain areas with winds presently suitable for electric power generation. The number of commercially attractive sites will expand as wind turbine technology improves and development costs continue to drop.

Texas farmers may lease their land to wind developers for either a set rental per turbine or for a small percentage of gross annual revenue from the project. This offers farmers a fresh revenue stream without impacting traditional farming and grazing practices. Although leasing arrangements vary widely, the U. S. Government Accountability Office reported in 2004 that a farmer who leases land to a wind project developer can generally obtain royalties of $3,000 to $5,000 per turbine per year in lease payments. These figures are rising as larger wind turbines are being produced and installed.

The wind power industry is also creating thousands of jobs for communities and for the state. Wind technology and the various aspects of producing electricity from wind power can help to keep employment in Texas after the rigs stop producing oil.

Terrorism and industrial accidents can be potential threats to the large, centrally located, power plants that provide most of Texas’ electricity. Should one of these plants be damaged, repairs could take more than a year, possibly creating power shortages on a scale that Texans have never experienced before. Coal trains and gas pipelines are also vulnerable to disruption. However, wind power plants are quickly installed and repaired. The modular structure of a wind farm also means that if one turbine is damaged, the overall output of the plant is not significantly affected.

Yu Suzuki

Both of Suzuki's parents were school teachers. When Suzuki was growing up, he wanted to be a dentist. But he could not pass the test, so he decided to study computers instead. In 1983 he started working at Sega. In 1993 he wrote a famous game called Virtua Fighter. It was so famous, that it was added to the Smithsonian museum in Washington DC, as an example of an important game.
Suzuki said in an interview that he greatly enjoys creating games. However, he has doesn't care much about playing them. he would rather spend his free time watching movies and visiting theme parks.

On top of games, Yu Suzuki lead the creation of a technical demo "Tower of Babel" prepared for the Dreamcast showcase at Tokyo New Otani Hotel on May 1st 1998. 



Isra' and Mi'raj

The Isra and Mi'raj are two parts of a story that Muslims tell about Muhammad. They say that in the year 621, while he was resting in the Kaaba in Mecca, an angel came to him, with an animal called a Buraq. The Buraq carried Muhammad to a mosque that was far away, and then the Buraq took Muhammad up into heaven. While in Heaven, Muhammad met Adam and Moses and Allah (God), and then came back down to Earth.

Every year, Muslims hold a festival for the Isra and Mi'raj. They bring their children to the mosques, where the children can hear the story, and then pray with the grownups. Afterwards there is a feast and everyone can eat.

Fustat

Fustat was the first Arab capital in Egypt. It was founded in 641 AD, after the Arabs conquered Alexandria. The Arabs did not want their capital to be so far away as Alexandria, which is why they made Fustat, which was far from the sea and closer to Arabia, and was on their side of the Nile river.

Fustat became a beautiful and powerful city for over 500 years, but then it was destroyed in 1168, when its vizier Shawar told his army to burn the city. Shawar did not want the crusaders to capture the city, so he burned it instead.

Today there is not much left of Fustat, but some buildings can be seen in Old Cairo.

Vizier

A vizier is an Arabic word for a kind of government official in some Muslim countries. A vizier would usually work for a Muslim monarch like a Caliph, Sultan or an Emir.



Hank Williams Jr.

Randall Hank Williams (born May 26, 1949) is an American musician and songwriter. He is the son of country music legend Hank Williams. His nickname is "Bocephus", given to him by his father. He has a half-sister, named Jett Williams.

From his boyhood, Hank Jr., performed his father's music publicly, because many people were still interested in it, and Hank Sr.'s career was cut short by alcohol and drug abuse. Young Williams wanted to perform music of his own, and to have his own musical career apart from his father's, but it was hard to "get out from his father's shadow", and be recognized for his own talents.

In time, Williams met musicians who liked him for his own ideas, and helped him to develop his own kind of music. He was able to become an original writer and performer, while still being proud to be Hank Sr.'s son. Some of his father's fans were sad that he wanted to do this, but others understood. He also gained new fans, performing his new music.

Some of Williams's songs are "Eleven Roses", "Family Tradition", "Whiskey Bent and Hell Bound", "All My Rowdy Friends", and "A Country Boy Can Survive". Even though he had hit records and many fans, it took years for people in country music to accept him and his chosen style. Williams lost out on many awards he could have earned. Finally in the 1980s, he began to win awards as a country performer.

In the 1990s, Williams recorded a duet with his father, by using an old recording, and the two appeared together in a music video through electronic editing.

In 2005, Williams donated $125,000 to relief efforts in Mississippi, after Hurricane Katrina. 


Utagawa Kunisada

Utagawa Kunisada (; 1786 – 12 January 1865), also known as Utagawa Toyokuni III (, ), was a Japanese artist. He was a master of the ukiyo-e style of woodblock prints and painting.


Tsukioka Yoshitoshi

, also called or Yoshitoshi, was a Japanese artist. He was a master of the ukiyo-e style of woodblock prints and painting.

His adopted son was Tsukoka Kōgyō (1869-1927), who was also an artist.


Odawara Castle

Odawara Castle was destroyed by the Meiji government. However, present Odawara Castle was rebuilt in 1960. It serves as a museum and is designated as an important historical monument. Odawara Castel premise is a park, and there are zoo and small amusement park in addition to historical site such as Castel tower. It was voted the 100 best historic parks in Japan in October, 2006.


Ab urbe condita

Ab urbe condita is a way to measure time. 

The phrase is Latin. It literally means "from when the city was founded". The city talked about is the city of Rome. This way of measuring time was not used in Classical antiquity. The first to have used it was the historian Orosius, about 400 AD.

Marcus Terentius Varro found out that the city of Rome was founded 440 years after the fall of Troy. Romulus and Remus founded it. Varro thought that was in the spring of 753 BC. 

Marcus Porcius Cato Censorius thought that Rome was founded one year after the 7th Olympic Games. That would have been in 752 BC.

Ab urbe condita is also the main work of Titus Livius, a Roman historian.

Mesosphere

The mesosphere is a part of the atmosphere. It is between the stratosphere and the thermosphere. On Earth, the mesosphere starts at 50 kilometers above the planet to about 90 km above the planet. 

The mesosphere is the most poorly understood part of the atmosphere. The mesosphere lies above the highest point for flying a plane, but below the lowest point for flying a spaceship. It also has a layer of electrically charged particles called the ionosphere.


Magnetosphere

A magnetosphere is a region around an astronomical object, such as a planet. It is the region where charged particles are affected by the object's magnetic field. The magnetosphere of the Sun is called the heliosphere. Ions and electrons of the solar wind are deflected by the heliosphere. 

Since a magnetosphere is magnetic, it is invisible. However, the Earth's magnetosphere makes the Aurora Borealis. This is what causes the "Northern Lights" that shimmer in the night sky near the North Pole.

The border between magnetospheres is called a magnetopause.

Dorus Rijkers

Theodorus "Dorus" Rijkers (January 27, 1847 in Den Helder – April 19, 1928 in Den Helder) was a famous Dutch lifeboat captain and folk hero, he is most famous for his sea rescues of 487 shipwrecked victims over a total of 38 rescue operations and at least 25 before joining the lifeboat-service.

Dorus received his nickname "Grandpa" (Dutch:"Opa") while still a young man. He had married Neeltje Huisman, a fisherman's widow who already had 6 children. Shortly after the marriage, the oldest of Neeltje's daughters had a child of her own, and so at only 23 years old Dorus became known as "Opa" in Den Helder where he lived. Although the nickname began as a joke, Dorus soon started acting and looking like a grandpa, and from that time on he became primarily known by his nickname.

Dorus gained most of his fame as a result of his service to the Noord- en zuid-Hollandsche Redding Maatschappij (NZHRM), one of the two main Dutch lifeboat-societies at the time. The NZHRM would later become the Koninklijke Nederlandse Redding Maatschappij (KNRM).

However his life-saving career began in 1872 before he joined the NZHRM, while acting as captain of his own boat. While at sea, he saved all 25 crew members of the barque "Australia" from drowning at sea. Because of this incident, Dorus gained a reputation as a rescuer, which preceded his joining the NZHRM as a volunteer. On the basis of his reputation, he was granted the position of coxswain upon joining the NZHRM without having to prove his qualifications. His rank of coxswain entitled him to immediately command his own boat and crew.

Although Dorus joined the NZHRM as a volunteer, he worked so many hours that it precluded him from taking on other paid work. Dorus and all of his crew members received a sum for each trial and each service.

During his nearly 30 years service with the NZHRM, Dorus saved hundreds of people from drowning at sea, becoming legendary long before his retirement. In the waters where he served, he saved such large number of people with such effectiveness that the survival statistics increased dramatically. At the end of his career, although he remained active, his role became more symbolic in nature. 

In 1888, Dorus Rijkers met King William III of the Netherlands after rescuing sailors from the German barque "Renown". The King gave Dorus a gold medal of honor and smoked a pipe with him.

In 1911, Dorus retired at age 64, after which he received only a very small pension. He struggled to make ends meet by eating simple food and living plainly.

During an October 1922 interview with Dr. L.A. Rademaker, editor of the Hague newspaper 'Het Vaderland', Dorus complained about his situation. He claimed that he had been forced to sell the gold medal of honour in order to buy himself a bicycle. The Helden der Zee Fonds 'Dorus Rijkers' (Dorus Rijkers Fund for the Heroes of the Sea) was created after Dorus' plight and that of other retired life-savers were chronicled in 'Het Vaderland'.

In April 1928, Dorus Rijkers died at the age of 81. He was given a funeral that was so grand that it resembled a state funeral in size and style. There was music, a big parade, thousands who came to pay their last respects including a large number of Marine Officers, also high ranking government officials, among them representatives of the Ministry of the Marine. The grandeur of his funeral showed the great public esteem in which Dorus was held at the time. Dorus Rijkers had become a national hero and was by far the most popular Dutchman of those years (according to a poll that surveyed many people in the Netherlands during the 1920s).

There is a very large statue in honor of all the Netherlands sea-rescuers, opened in 1935. This statue is sometimes mistakenly assumed to be in honor of Dorus. In fact, a separate, smaller statue of Dorus was erected in 1939 One of the rescue boats of the KNRM still carries his name with pride. Dorus is generally acknowledged as one of the greatest rescuers of all time.




Prince of Wales

Prince of Wales is a royal title. It is usually held by the eldest son of the King or Queen of the United Kingdom. It is the title of the royal who is first in line to the throne. The title is not automatic, but is given by the reigning monarch.

When a person becomes King or Queen, their eldest son immediately becomes Duke of Cornwall and Duke of Rothesay. The current Prince of Wales, Prince William, was born in 1982, and was known as "Prince William of Wales" (his father is King Charles III). In 2022, his father became King, and he became "The Duke of Cornwall" (in Scotland he was called "The Prince William, Duke of Rothesay"). In 2022, the King made him "Prince of Wales", and he is now called Prince of Wales, except in Scotland, where he is still The Prince William, Duke of Rothesay.
King George II created his son, Prince Frederick, Prince of Wales. When Frederick died, the King made Frederick's eldest son, George, Prince of Wales.


Massachusetts Institute of Technology

The Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) is a private university in Cambridge, Massachusetts. MIT has five schools and one college, and it has 32 academic departments, and gives much importance to scientific and technological research. MIT students, graduates, and faculty members are famous for being given many awards, including 76 Nobel Prizes. In 2013 QS ranked MIT as the best university in the world. It started in 1861. It is one of the most selective universities. It accepted 8.9% of people who applied for class of 2016. Nine months' tuition and fees for 2012–2013 is $42,050. MIT gives financial aid so that anyone who is good enough can pay. In 2011-2012 64% of undergraduates had some kind of financial aid. The student:faculty ratio is 8:1. 45% of undergraduates are women. The most popular major is engineering.




The Colbert Report

The Colbert Report was an American television talk show starring Stephen Colbert.

It was aired on Comedy Central Monday to Thursday, starting October 17, 2005. The last episode aired on December 18, 2014. It was a spin-off of "The Daily Show with Jon Stewart". Colbert acts as if he is very conservative, as a parody. His show makes fun of different conservative political commentary shows, especially Bill O'Reilly's show "The O'Reilly Factor" on Fox News. The show also has many guests, usually one each night on the last part of his show. They are authors, actors, politicians, musicians and others. He also sometimes has other guests in other segments in his show, such as Congress members in his "Better Know a District" segment. The show is directed by Jim Hoskinson.

Colbert has also written three books with the writers of his show. The first book from 2007 is called "I Am America (And So Can You!)" as the character he plays on television.

The show is aired in Canada on The Comedy Network, The Comedy Channel in Australia, and Comedy Central in New Zealand.

The show won two Emmy Awards in 2013. It ended in December 2014.


Cid Corman

Cid (Sidney) Corman (June 29, 1924 – March 12, 2004) was an American poet well known for editing the magazine "Origin".


Lenard Moore

Lenard Duane Moore (born February 13, 1958) is an American writer. He was born in Jacksonville, North Carolina. He has written more than 20 forms of poetry, drama, essays and literary criticism. He has been writing and publishing haiku for 25 years.

Lenard's poetry has been translated into several languages. He has written the following:


Octavio Paz

Octavio Paz Lozano (March 31, 1914 – April 19, 1998) was a Mexican writer, poet, and diplomat. He won the 1990 Nobel Prize in Literature.

On April 19, 1998, Paz died of cancer in Mexico City, Mexico.


Raymond Roseliep

Raymond Roseliep (August 11, 1917 – December 6, 1983) was a poet. He wrote haiku. He was a Catholic priest. He has been described as "the John Donne of Western haiku".



Kenneth Rexroth

Kenneth Rexroth (December 22, 1905 – June 6, 1982) was an American writer. He was one of the first poets in the United States to write in traditional Japanese poetic forms such as haiku. Rexroth is known as one of the main figures in the San Francisco Renaissance.


Sonia Sanchez

Sonia Sanchez (born September 9, 1934) is an African-American poet. She is known for being part of the Black Arts Movement. 

Sanchez was born Wilsonia Benita Driver in Birmingham, Alabama on September 9, 1934. She studied at Hunter College, and New York University. She founded the Black Studies program at San Francisco State University. She was poet-in-residence at Temple University. 

She has written over twelve books of poetry. She has also written plays and children's books.



Gary Snyder

Gary Snyder (born May 8, 1930) is an American writer. He is also an essayist, lecturer, and environmental activist. Snyder is a winner of a Pulitzer Prize for Poetry. Since the 1970s, he has often been called the "laureate of Deep Ecology." Since the 1950s, he has published travel-journals and essays.


Genpei Akasegawa

He used another pen name for novels. He won the Akutagawa Prize in 1981 for a short story called "Chichi ga kieta".



Aries

Aries is the astrological Zodiac sign that s the constellation Aries. In the tropical zodiac, Aries is from March 21 to April 20 beginning at the vernal equinox. Under the sidereal zodiac, it is now from April 15 to May 15. The opposite sign to Aries is Libra. The corresponding month in the Babylonian calendar is "Arax Nisânu", which is made for Anu.

This sign for Aries was made from many stars which made up the head of the Aries (constellation) . The head of Aries is called "Aluathay" or "Salhay" and it is made up of four stars.

In mythology Aries is related to Greek myth of the ram which carried Athamas's son Phrixus and daughter Helle to Colchis away from their evil stepmother Ino. This ram is also related to Theseus, from the Greek myth of the Minotaur.

In astrology Aries is ruled by the planet Mars.

The Indian equivalent of Aries is Mesha, the Chinese equivalent is the Dragon.


Taurus (astrology)

Taurus is an astrological sign, which is with the constellation (a group of stars that make the shape of an animal or person) of the same name. Under the tropical zodiac, Taurus is occupied by the Sun from April 20 to May 20, and under the sidereal zodiac, it is currently from May 14 to June 19. 

In mythology, Taurus is often with the Greek myth of the bull-form taken by Zeus in order to win Europa. Taurus is also associated with the Greco-Roman goddess Aphrodite/Venus and sometimes also the goddesses Hera/Juno, Ishtar, Isis, Freyja, and Frigg and the gods Pan, Dionysus/Bacchus, Xolotl, and Quetzalcoatl.



Terminator 2: Judgment Day

Terminator 2: Judgment Day (some people call it T2) is a 1991 American action-science fiction movie set in Los Angeles. It was directed, co-produced, and co-written by James Cameron, and stars Arnold Schwarzenegger, Linda Hamilton, Edward Furlong and Robert Patrick. It is the second movie of the series, the 1984 movie "The Terminator" was the first, and picks up ten years after the events of the first movie. It follows Sarah Connor, her 10-year-old son John, and a helper from the future (as in the first movie), as they try to stop Judgment Day, a day in the future when machines will start to kill all humans.

"T2" was a good movie as audience and critics say. It had an impact on people, and is known by many to have had power in the genres of action and science fiction. The movie's visual effects include many discoveries in computer made special effects, marking the first use of natural human movement for a CG character and the first computer made main character.

In 1995, eleven years after Sarah Connor (Linda Hamilton) killed the original Terminator that was sent to kill her with the help of Kyle Reese (Michael Biehn), two men arrive in Los Angeles from the year 2029. The first is a Terminator (Arnold Schwarzenegger) identical to the one that Sarah first met, while the second is an unknown man (Robert Patrick).

John Connor (Edward Furlong) is now living with foster parents. He has grown up being told by his mother that he would someday lead the human race to beat the machines. Sarah has changed a lot because since the first movie - being stronger in mind and body - making people think she is crazy, and so she is sent to a mental hospital - Pescadero State Hospital.

Meanwhile, the Terminator and the unknown man both find John Connor in a shopping mall. Then, there is a twist: the unknown man is not the one who is meant to stop John getting killed, as the people watching thought so based on the first movie. The Terminator from the first movie is now the one meant to stop John getting killed, and the other man is another Terminator trying to kill John. When the good Terminator rescues John, he tells him what is happening. He is a Model 101, made by the future John Connor to act as the one to keep him from harm. The other Terminator is a T-1000, sent to kill him. It is made of mimetic polyalloy, or liquid metal, making it able to morph anyone or anything he touches of equal size, except "complex machines" like "guns and explosives" because they "have chemicals, moving parts." It can however form "knives and stabbing weapons."

When John learns that the T-1000 will copy Sarah and then kill her, he and the Terminator go to rescue her. Sarah is very afraid by it, but after seeing it fight off the T-1000, she accepts that they need its help. As they escape the city, the Terminator tells her about the future of Skynet, the supercomputer that will get rid of humans. He tells her about its maker, Miles Bennet Dyson (Joe Morton), who makes a learning computer that suddenly becomes self-aware on August 4, 1997. It begins learning very quickly, and on August 29, 1997, it launches nuclear missiles that kills most humans.

Sarah, John, and the Terminator arrive in the desert at her friend Enrique Salceda’s camp, who has kept an underground weapons stash in the event that the war does happen. Sarah plans to take John and flee over the line that is between the US and Mexico. While at the camp, she finds out that by killing Dyson, she can stop Skynet from being made, stopping the war with the machines. After she leaves, John and the Terminator figure out what she is going to do and take off after her. At Dyson's home, Sarah tries to shoot him with sniper rifle, but when she misses, she finds that she can not kill him up close in front of his family. When John and the Terminator arrive, they tell Dyson of the bad things that will happen of his research. They make sure he knows why they must break all the things to do with his chip idea, including the CPU and arm from the first Terminator.

Sarah, John, the Terminator, and Dyson break into the Cyberdyne building and find the parts from the first Terminator. While make bombs to blow up the rest, security tells the police who show up in force. When the SWAT team enters the building, they shoot Dyson quite a few times which really hurts him, he stays behind to press the button to blow the place up, which killed Dyson.

They leave in a SWAT van, with the T-1000 chasing them, first in a helicopter, then a liquid nitrogen truck. The truck crashes into a steel mill, this makes the tank to open and liquid nitrogen to spill all over the place, freezing the T-1000. Even though the Terminator breaks him into many small pieces by shooting him, they thaw and come back together. The T-1000 and Model 101 begin to fight hand to hand, with the T-1000 stabbing him through the power cell with a metal pole, switching him off. The T-1000 then goes to hunt John, he turns himself into a Sarah copy. As John finds the two Sarah's, the Terminator, who had turned itself back on using a different power source, shoots the T-1000 with a grenade launcher, throwing it back into a pit of molten metal, melting it.

After John throws the parts from the first Terminator into the molten metal, the Terminator tells him that he too must die to stop his technology from being used to create Skynet. He tells Sarah that he cannot kill himself, and she must lower him into the steel. As he goes down, he reaches up with a thumbs up, the last thing to go under. The movie ends with a dark highway at night, and Sarah's repetition of the phrase that Reese told her in the first movie. "The future is not set."


Christy Turlington

Christy Nicole Turlington (born January 2, 1969) is an American supermodel. She grew up in Danville, California. Her father was British commercial pilot. Her mother was a Salvadoran flight attendant. 

Turlington is best known for representing Calvin Klein perfumes. She has done this since 1987. She has also worked on various campaigns for Maybelline and Giorgio Armani. She has appeared in several movies about the fashion industry.

Premier

Premier is a title that some countries might use for their head of government, sometimes used instead of Prime Minister. In some other countries, such as Canada, the Premier could be title of a regional government of a province or other local division.

When a colony is first allowed to elect its own government the head of the government is called the "Chief Minister". As the colony gets more able to rule itself it is given more powers and the title of the Chief Minister is changed to "Premier". When the colony becomes independent the Premier becomes a Prime Minister, and British government ministers lose any authority to rule the new country.

The leader of the federal governments in Australia and Canada is called the Prime Minister, but the leader of the governments in Australian states and Canadian Provinces is called the Premier. This is because the states and provinces are not independent.

Hispanidad

Hispanidad (literally Hispanicness) is the community formed by all the people and nations that share Spanish language and culture. The 25 nations included are all Spanish-speaking except Guam, and can be classified in four geographic areas: Spain, Hispanoamerica, Hispanoafrica and the Hispanopacific. Every October 12 Hispanic Day is celebrated. Hispanidad or Spanish linguistic and cultural diffusion began when the 12 October 1492 Christopher Columbus sighted America and initiated the European colonization in the name of the Catholic Monarchs of Spain. The kingdom of Castile (Castilla) built a global empire, spreading their culture and language in the Americas and biologically and culturally mixing with the indigenous peoples, altering the composition of the hemisphere. The penetration and reach of Spain at this time also extended into other European nations.

The Spanish is the mother tongue that spoken by more than 333 million people (in second place after Chinese). The total number of Spanish-speakers is more than 395 million people.

In Europe, Hispanics are mainly confined to Spain. There are more than 30 million of them.

Most Hispanics are in Hispanic America . There are more than 300 million. Countries like Argentina, Bolivia, Chile, Colombia, Costa Rica, Cuba, Dominican Republic, Ecuador, El Salvador, Guatemala, Honduras, Mexico, Nicaragua, Panama, Paraguay, Peru, Puerto Rico, United States, Uruguay and Venezuela . 

Hispanics in the African continent are mostly in overseas territories of Spain (Canary Islands, Ceuta, Melilla and Plazas de Soberanía) and in the nation of Equatorial Guinea. In Morocco and Western Sahara some people maintain Hispanic characteristics. Altogether in Africa two million speak Spanish.

The Philippines does not identify as Hispanic nor is Spanish the official language, but conserves some identifiably Hispanic influences in its culture. It is sometimes included in Hispanidad. 
Other countries in the Asia-Pacific region that maintain a similar degree of Hispanic influence as the Philippines are:


Aviation

Aviation refers to flying using an aircraft, like an aeroplane. It also includes the activities and industries related to flight, such as air traffic control. The biggest of the many uses of aviation are in air travel and military combat.

Humans first built devices to fly in the air a long time ago. In the sixth century, Yuan Huangtou from China created a kite. Some primitive types of parachutes and gliders were also created in North Africa.

The modern age of aviation started on November 21, 1783, when the Montgolfier brothers flew in their hot air balloon. Airships followed. On December 17, 1903, the Wright brothers flew the first flight in an aeroplane which was heavier than air; their invention is known as the first aeroplane.

Military aircraft became somewhat important in World War I. In the 1930s airliners began carrying many passengers. Jet engines began flying in fighter aircraft in World War II and in airliners in the 1950s.

Cyberpunk

Cyberpunk is a kind of science fiction. The Cyberpunk genre began in the early 1980s. Bruce Bethke made this word for his 1980 short story "Cyberpunk" by putting together two words: "cybernetics" and "punk rock".
Soon, people used this word to describe William Gibson's book, "Neuromancer".

Cyberpunk authors put their stories in different settings. The time is usually set in the near-future and the settings are often dystopian (characterized by misery). These are often societies with very advanced technology. Often, only a few huge corporations control the society. These corporations control the technology. Instead of being beneficial to all, technology is used by the few corporations for their own interests only. Many cyberpunk novels are about individual computer users. One hero fights a computer/Internet controlled society.

Common themes in cyberpunk include advances in information technology and especially the Internet, artificial intelligence and prosthetics and post-democratic societal control where corporations have more influence than governments. Nihilism, post-modernism, and film noir techniques are common elements, and the protagonists may be disaffected or reluctant anti-heroes.




Igbo language

Igbo is a language spoken in Nigeria. It is spoken by more than 18 million people. Igbo is a tonal language. The language is written in the Roman script.

Wind shear

Wind shear is a difference in either wind speed or direction over a fairly short distance in the atmosphere. Wind shear can be divided into two different types: "horizontal" and "vertical wind shear".
Weather situations when the Wind shear is observed happen:



Polar cyclone

Polar cyclones (also known as Arctic Cyclones) are large areas of low pressure. They should not be confused with polar lows since people happen to use the same term for polar cyclones. Polar cyclones are usually 1,000 to 2,000 kilometers wide in which the air is moving in a spiral counterclockwise fashion in the northern hemisphere. The reason for the rotation is the same as tropical cyclones, the Coriolis effect. They also exist in places such as Greenland, the Eurasian Arctic area, and northern Canada, with about 15 cyclones per winter. Polar cyclones can form in any time of the year, although summer polar cyclones are usually weaker than the ones that form in the winter. Also, they are not closely studied and are rarely destructive since they happen in areas with little or no population.

One center is near Baffin Island and the other over northeast Siberia. In the southern hemisphere, it is usually near the edge of the Ross ice shelf near 160 west longitude. 

The Antarctic vortex of the Southern Hemisphere is a single low-pressure zone that is found near the edge of the Ross ice shelf, near 160 west longitude. When the polar vortex is strong, the mid-latitude Westerlies (winds at the surface level between 30° and 60° latitude from the west) increase in strength and are persistent. When the polar vortex is weak, high-pressure zones of the mid-latitudes may push poleward, moving the polar vortex, jet stream, and polar front equatorward. The jet stream is seen to "buckle" and deviate south. This rapidly brings cold dry air into contact with the warm, moist air of the mid-latitudes, resulting in a rapid and dramatic change of weather known as a "cold snap".

Ozone depletion occurs within the polar vortices – particularly over the Southern Hemisphere – reaching a maximum depletion in the spring.

The polar vortex was first described as early as 1853. The phenomenon's sudden stratospheric warming (SSW) develops during the winter in the Northern Hemisphere and was discovered in 1952 with radiosonde observations at altitudes higher than 20 km.

The phenomenon was mentioned frequently in the news and weather media in the cold North American winter of 2013–2014, popularizing the term as an explanation of very cold temperatures.

A deep freeze that gripped much of the United States and Canada in late January 2019 has been blamed on a polar vortex. The US National Weather Service warned that frostbite is possible within just 10 minutes of being outside in such extreme temperatures, and hundreds of schools, colleges and universities in the affected areas were closed. Around 21 people died in US due to severe frostbite. States within the midwest region of the United States had windchills just above -50°F (-45°C), which is colder than the frozen tundra and Antarctica. 

The Polar vortex has also thought to have had effects in Europe. For example, the 2013–14 United Kingdom winter floods were blamed on the Polar vortex bringing severe cold in the United States and Canada. Similarly, the severe, brutal cold in the United Kingdom in the winters of 2009/10 and 2010/11 were also blamed on the Polar vortex.
Polar cyclones are low-pressure zones embedded within the polar air masses, and exist year-round. The stratospheric polar vortex develops at latitudes above the subtropical jet stream. Horizontally, most polar vortices have a radius of less than . Since polar vortices exist from the stratosphere downward into the mid-troposphere, a variety of heights/pressure levels are used to mark its position. The 50 mb pressure surface is most often used to identify its stratospheric location. At the level of the tropopause, the extent of closed contours of potential temperature can be used to determine its strength. Others have used levels down to the 500 hPa pressure level (about above sea level during the winter) to identify the polar vortex.

Polar vortices are weakest during summer and strongest during winter. Extratropical cyclones that migrate into higher latitudes when the polar vortex is weak can disrupt the single vortex creating smaller vortices (cold-core lows) within the polar air mass. Those individual vortices can persist for more than a month.

Volcanic eruptions in the tropics can lead to a stronger polar vortex during winter for as long as two years afterwards. The strength and position of the polar vortex shapes the flow pattern in a broad area about it. An index which is used in the northern hemisphere to gauge its magnitude is the Arctic oscillation.

Geisha

The term "geisha" is made of two Japanese words, () meaning "art," and (), meaning "person who does" or "to be employed in." The most literal translation in English is "artist." Geisha are respected as artists and performers, and it is difficult to become one.

Kyoto is the city with the strictest geisha traditions. Geisha have worked there for the longest time. Becoming a professional geisha can take up to five years of training in Kyoto.

Apprentice geisha are called . The name comes from (), meaning "dancing," and (), meaning "child." wear white make-up called and long-sleeved kimono with many bright colors. in some places wear a belt, called an , that is up to long. Many wear fancy hairstyles made with their own hair, but in some places, they wear wigs instead. Full geisha wear simpler kimono and wear white makeup only for special occasions. Geisha also wear wigs and have a much shorter kimono belt.

There are also geisha in other cities, but there are differences. In Tokyo, becoming a full geisha takes from six months to a year. Geisha apprentices in Tokyo are called , which means "half jewel" or "half pay." Apprentice geisha in Tokyo are also called , which means "one who serves (alcohol)." Geisha in Tokyo are normally older than those in Kyoto.

Many geisha still live in traditional geisha houses called in neighborhoods called , which means "flower town." Older geisha who are successful may have their own home. A geisha always needs to be registered to a geisha house to be allowed to work.

The world that geisha are a part of is called , which means "the flower and willow world." One very famous geisha, , said that is because a "geisha like a flower, beautiful in her own way, and like a willow tree, gracious, flexible, and strong."

Geisha are considered to be cultural icons of Japan.

Before geisha appeared, some women worked as artists and entertainers. In the Heian period (794-1185), women entertained people at the Imperial Court by singing and dancing and were known as .

Later, women who worked as prostitutes and courtesans entertained men in the red-light districts of Japan. In 1589, authorized the building of a neighborhood in Kyoto that was closed from the outside with walls. Called , it was dedicated to pleasure. was established as an official red-light district in 1640, and became one of three areas in Japan in which prostitution could be practiced legally. The other two were in Tokyo, which had been established in 1617, and , in Osaka.

Those areas were known as and were the only places that women were allowed to be prostitutes. Courtesans were collectively called and were very expensive. also entertained men with singing, dancing, poetry, music and conversation. The highest-ranking were the , who did not engage in prostitution, unlike the other . Instead, they would have one or two rich clients act as their patron; those men would pay a lot of money to be entertained by their .

Geisha appeared only much later, during the Tokugawa period. Originally, geisha were men, who travelled throughout the red-light districts to entertain clients with music, dancing, and poetry. Such men were known as geisha but were also called , and because they played the , a Japanese drum.

Male geisha were very low-class entertainers, but were considered to be upper class. Every man who wished to be with an had to follow difficult rituals and etiquette and to have enough money to pay for her time. That meant that only the richest nobility got to be entertained by . Many tea houses () appeared outside and offered entertainment that was not offered inside . At some of the tea houses, some women practiced cheaper prostitution and were called . However other women, who were called ('dancing girls'), acted as dancers and musicians and soon became very popular. They started calling themselves 'geisha', like the male artists who worked in .

By about 1700, female geisha had become much more popular than male geisha. A few years later, almost all geisha were women.

The government prohibited geisha from working as prostitutes and allowed them only to act as entertainers. One of the laws made them tie their (sash) in the back, as wore theirs at the front as a sign that they were available for sex. Geisha had to wear simpler hairstyles, less hair accessories, less makeup, and simpler kimono. If an accused a geisha of stealing her customers, the geisha would be investigated.

Soon, the geisha became so much more popular than the that in 1761, the last of retired. Though continued to work in Kyoto and Osaka, as a whole were seen as outdated, too traditional, and too expensive. could not leave the red-light districts because they had a lot of debt to the owner of the brothel they worked in and were not thought of as celebrities or fashionable anymore. Most people could not afford to hire them. In contrast, geisha were cheaper and more fashionable, and could leave the red-light districts whenever they wanted. They sang popular songs and did not need several expensive meetings before they would entertain a client. New geisha neighborhoods () were created in Kyoto and other cities.

In the 19th century, geisha were in better position than common women,but they also had problems in Japanese society. Some poor people sold their daughters to a geisha house, but that was less common than some people think since many geisha came from families in which the mother or another female relative had once been a geisha. Geisha could not marry but could have a patron to pay for their expenses, and some retired when they gained a rich patron. Other men paid a lot of money to take the new girls' virginity (), and if the owner of a geisha house was dishonest and greedy, a young geisha could have her virginity sold a number of times to different men.

However, the reputation and the respect for the geisha grew in the Meiji Restoration and even more after World War II. Important laws to protect them were created. Young girls could no longer be sold to the geisha houses, and the virginity of young geisha could no longer be bought. Since then, women become geisha only by their free will.

Though people often talk about how there are not many geisha left in Japan and that they might be about to die out, the geisha profession is very resilient. In history, the numbers of geisha sometimes fell because of changes in the economy or because of war. However, the number of working geisha usually rose again not long afterward.

In the 1920s there were over 80,000 geisha in Japan. In 1944, all geisha districts were shut because of World War II, and geisha, like everyone else, had to help out with the war. In Tokyo alone, almost 9,000 geisha were still entertaining guests before they were told they could not work as geisha anymore. After the war, geisha districts opened up again on 25 October 1945. By 1967, there were nearly 5,000 geisha in Tokyo again.

Today, there are far fewer geisha. The exact number of geisha working today is not known but is estimated to be around 1,000 to 2,000.

Geisha today live and work now Japan in different geisha districts (), which have their own traditions of arts, training, and clothing. The best-known geisha live in Kyoto, which has five geisha districts. The most famous one is , which is sometimes just called . There are also Manu geisha in Tokyo and in towns with hot springs like . In some places in Japan, people have decided to bring back geisha districts that had no geisha in them for decades.

Many geisha houses and districts now use social media to advertise their work, and geisha do not need to be born into a geisha district to work there. Some geisha districts put on events to attract tourists. In Kyoto, places like Corner put on dances performed by that anyone can go and watch.

People can also pay to dress up like geisha or for the day. Being dressed up as a geisha or is known as . Some dress-up services, like those in Kyoto, allow someone to walk around the city for the day in dress-up. However, they will not dress someone completely accurately so that real geisha and cannot be confused with people in costumes. If someone wearing wants to be dressed the exact same as a geisha or , they cannot walk around outside. Most, if not all, services will take photographs of someone in dress-up for them to keep. Real geisha do not have the time to take pictures with tourists and so most women dressed as geisha or who appear on the photos of tourists are in fact people in .

Young women who wish to become geisha now usually begin their training after they finish junior high school or even high school or college. Many women begin their careers as adults. Geisha still study traditional musical instruments like the , the (bamboo flute), and drums, as well as traditional songs, Japanese traditional dance, tea ceremony, literature and poetry. By watching other geisha, apprentices also become skilled in the difficult traditions of dressing, makeup, and dealing with clients.

Geisha are often hired to go to parties and gatheringsat tea houses or traditional Japanese restaurants (). Their time is measured by the time it takes an incense stick to burn, which called ("incense stick fee") or ("jewel fee"). In Kyoto, the terms and , meaning "flower fees," are used instead. Clients hire the services of geisha through the geisha district's union or registery office, known as the , which takes care of the geisha's schedule and makes appointments for her to entertain customers and train in the traditional arts.

Traditionally, geisha began their training at a very young age. Although some girls were sold to become geisha as children, that was not normal practice in hanamachi with good reputation. Daughters of geisha were often educated as geisha themselves.

The first part of training is called ""shikomi"". When girls first arrived at the okiya, they used to be put to work as maids, or do everything they were told. The work was difficult to "make" and "break" the new girls. The most junior shikomi of the house had to wait late into the night for the senior geisha to return from work, sometimes at as late as two or three in the morning. During that stage of training, the shikomi went to classes at the hanamachi's geisha school. In modern times, that stage still exists, but it is less hard than before. Shikomi now become used to the traditions and dress of the "karyūkai" ("flower and willow world").

When an apprentice became skilled in the geisha arts and passed a final and difficult dance test, she was promoted to the second stage of training, the "minarai", and not longer did housework. This stage still exists but is much shorter than before (only a month). The minarai learn in the field and go to banquets and dance with the geisha. However, they do not participate but just sit, watch, and learn from their "onee-san" ("older sisters"). Their kimono are more elaborate than even that of a maiko, and it does the talking for them.

After a short time, the third and most famous stage of training begins, the "maiko". The apprentice geisha stayed in this stage for years. Maiko learn from their senior geisha and follow them around to every presentation that she does. The "onee-san/imoto-san" ("older sister/younger sister") relationship is very important. The onee-san teaches her maiko everything about working in the hanamachi. She teaches her the right ways of serving tea, playing the shamisen, and dancing and everything about the art of "iki" (see below). Maiko wear heavy white makeup and elaborate hairstyle and have their lips painted almost all the time. Their kimono and obi have more vibrant colors and richer embroidery than those of full geisha. Like the minarai, maiko charge less money to go to parties or gatherings than full geisha.

After a period of only six months (in Tokyo) or five years (in Kyoto), the maiko is promoted to a full geisha and charges full price for her time. Geisha use kimono of fewer colors and wear makeup only for work or dance because they are more mature than a maiko, and the simpler style shows her own natural beauty. Geisha remain as such until they retire.

Geisha must be very skilled at traditional Japanese music, dance, and poetry since they use all three skills at their work. The arts of makeup, hairstyles, and clothing are very important as well.

The most important principle of a geisha is iki, which started in the 18th century as a reply to the extravagant ways of the courtesans ("oiran") and those who liked their style. Oiran wore very elaborate clothes, makeup, and jewelry. Geisha preferred to be discreet, and more intelligent. They created iki as a style that gave more importance to conversation and wit. Instead of working with sex, as oiran then did and simple prostitutes still do, geisha try to be sexy. A geisha will flirt, tease, and joke with men but always with art and elegance. Japanese clients know that nothing more can be expected. Men enjoy the illusion of that which is never to be. Geisha do not have sex with clients for money.
Geisha give more importance to their reputation than prostitutes do, and they almost never enter a relationship with a client. Those who do generally act with care and usually get married. Normally, when a geisha marries, she retires from the profession. The most important quality of a geisha is her trustworthiness, especially to Japanese clients. Anything that her clients do or tell her must remain a secret. Anything said or done at a tea house will remain anonymous.

Becoming a geisha needs such :discipline. A geisha believes she must be a work of art in herself. She works everyday to improve everything she does. A geisha's movements and her way of walking, sitting, and talking are very important. She is a geisha all the time, even when she is at home or not working. An example of the dedication is the old custom of "kangeiko" ("lessons in the cold"). Until the early 1920s, apprentice geisha would put their hands in icy water and then go outside in cold weather to practice playing the shamisen until their fingers bled.



Humanity

Humanity could mean:


Thomas Midgley

Thomas Midgley (18 May 1889 – 2 November 1944), was an American inventor. His two most famous inventions are both now banned because they are dangerous for the world environment: the use of lead in petrol (gasoline) and the use of chlorofluorocarbons (CFCs) in refrigerators. Midgley was accidentally killed by something he was inventing.

Midgley was born in Beaver Falls, Pennsylvania. His father was also an inventor. He grew up in Columbus, Ohio, and graduated from Cornell University in 1911 with a degree in mechanical engineering.

Midgley began working at General Motors in 1916. In December 1921 Midgley discovered that the addition of Tetraethyllead to gasoline prevented "knocking" in internal combustion engines.

In the 1930s Midgley developed a non-poisonous substance called CFC (chlorinated fluorocarbon) for use in refrigerators, inhalers and aerosol spray cans. He was given many high awards for his work and in 1944 he became president and chairman of the American Chemical Society.

In 1940, at the age of 51, Midgley became ill with polio which left him disabled. It was to the point where it was hard to do every day tasks; like getting out of bed. He decided to invent a complicated system of strings and pulleys to lift him from his bed. However, this plan backfired, and he got caught up in the ropes and died of strangulation.

Midgley died before the days when people realized that CFCs were destroying the ozone layer which prevents harmful rays from the sun reaching the earth. They are now banned in refrigerators, but are still used in some countries.

In the United States it was not until 1973 that people started to produce gasoline without lead and, in 1996, the Clean Air Act banned the sale of leaded fuel for use in on-road vehicles. However it was still legal in the U.S. for aircraft, racing cars, farm equipment, and marine engines until 2008. Leaded gasoline is still common in South America, Africa, and some parts of Asia and the Middle East.

Hovhannes Shiraz

Hovhannes Shiraz (Armenian: Հովհաննես Շիրազ) (April 27, 1915 - April 14, 1984) was a notable Armenian poet.

He was born Hovhannes (Onig) Garabedyan in the city of Alexandropol, then part of the Russian Empire (now Gyumri, Armenia). His first work called Beginning of Spring was published in 1935. Novelist Atrpet gave the talented poet the epithet "Shiraz", because "this youth's poems have the fragrance of roses, fresh and covered with dew, like the roses of Shiraz." Shiraz being one of Iran's major cities, famous for its roses and poets. Most of Shiraz's publications were poetry.

He married famous Armenian poetess Silva Kaputikyan. His son with Kaputikyan, Ara Shiraz, is a sculptor. A street in Julfa of Isfahan is named after him. In 2005 Levon Mkrtchyan released a documentary film titled "Hovhannes Shiraz". Hayk Studio 43min.

Polar low

A polar low is a small sized and short-lived atmospheric low pressure system that is found over the ocean areas pole ward of the main polar front in both the Northern and Southern Hemispheres. The systems usually have a horizontal length scale of less than 1,000 km and live for less than a couple of days. They are part of the larger class of mesoscale weather systems. Polar lows can be difficult to detect using standard weather reports and are a problem to high-latitude operations, such as shipping and gas and oil platforms.

Polar lows have been also known as by using many other terms, such as "comma cloud", "mesocyclone", "polar mesoscale vortex", "Arctic hurricane", "Arctic low", and "cold air depression". Today the term is usually set aside for the more-energetic systems that have near-surface winds of at least gale force (17 m/s).


Rasmussen,E.A. and Turner,J.(2003). Polar Lows: Mesoscale Weather Systems in the Polar Regions, Cambridge University Press, Cambridge, pp 612.

Pericles

Pericles or Perikles (ca. 495–429 BC, , meaning ""surrounded by glory"") was a prominent and influential statesman. He also was an orator, and general of Athens. He lived between the Persian and Peloponnesian wars. He was descended, through his mother, from the Alcmaeonid family.

Pericles had great influence on Athenian society. Thucydides, a contemporary historian, described him as "the first citizen of Athens". Pericles turned the Delian League into an Athenian empire and led his countrymen during the first two years of the Peloponnesian War. The period during which he led Athens, roughly from 461 to 429 BC, is sometimes known as the "Age of Pericles,". This period though can include times as early as the Persian Wars, or as late as the next century.

In Pericles late 20’s he sponsored a major dramatic production for the festival of Dionysus, and he also entertained the whole city. Pericles also got married and had 2 sons. His wife's name is unknown. He associated with a courtesan named Aspasia. A decade later the people started to like him more and more. He got involved with the politics called Ephialtes. Pericles and Ephialtes took away the noble's powers. Ephialtes was later assassinated.
Pericles promoted the arts and literature. This was a chief reason Athens holds the reputation of being the educational and cultural centre of the ancient Greek world. He started an ambitious project that built most of the surviving structures on the Acropolis (including the Parthenon). This project made the city more beautiful., It also showed its glory, and gave work to the people. Furthermore, Pericles fostered Athenian democracy to such an extent that critics call him a populist.



Wind speed

Wind speed is the speed of the weather related air movement from one place to the next.

Wind speeds usually mean the movement of air in an outside environment, but the speed of movement of air inside is also important in many cases, including weather forecasting, aircraft and maritime operations, construction and civil engineering. High wind speeds can cause unpleasant side effects, and strong winds often have special names, including gales, hurricanes, and typhoons. The highest non-tornadic wind speed ever measured on earth, 253 miles per hour, was recorded on Barrow Island, Australia. 

The most simple method of measuring wind speed is to estimate the speed from the observed event against the Beaufort Scale. Obviously, this method is not the most accurate available, so each value on the scale represents a range of values, three on the scale, for example, covers the wind speeds between seven and ten knots.

Thebes, Greece

Thebes is a city in Central Greece in Boeotia. Today, about 23,000 people live there. It lies on the border of Boeotia and Attica. Archaeologists have found a Mycenaean settlement. They have also found clay tablets written in Linear B script. Thebes was once a super-power in Greece until the rise of Macedonia. It became a dominant power after their victory over the Spartans at the Battle of Leuctra in 371 BC. 

Minoan civilization

The Minoan civilization was a civilization on Crete called after Minos. It began in the Bronze Age between 3000 and 2700 BC. It lasted until about 1450 BC. The Minoan civilization is famous for its sea trading and well-planned cities. The Minoans had an agricultural system which relied mainly on olives and grapes. Their religion worshipped mostly goddesses. The Minoan civilization was later replaced by the Mycenaean culture.

Cretans built palaces during their architecture era. In a non-royal palace there were many small rooms with cooler places to sit, because Crete got very hot in the summer. Palaces were used for many things. They were used as government centers, storerooms, stores, and administrative offices. Most palaces were very big. The Cretans might have gotten the money to create these palaces from working for the Egyptians. The royal palace was very different. Everyone had toilets, baths, and running water. The ones for the king and queen were very fancy. Their palace was fancy also. The architecture era was ended by a great fire. This era went from 2000 B.C. to 1450 B.C.


Alliance

An alliance is an agreement made between two or more parties to benefit them.

The word is used mainly in war. Two or more countries that make an alliance promise to help one other during war. Such countries are called "allies". Those countries are said to be "allied".

An example of an alliance with more than two countries is the Central Powers during World War I. That alliance was made up of Germany, Austria-Hungary, the Ottoman Empire, and Bulgaria.

Persia (disambiguation)

Persia is another name for Iran, a country in Western Asia. Sometimes it means only the southwestern part of Iran.

The Persian Empire ( - "") is another name for a few empires that ruled over modern-day Iran.


Persia may also refer to:


Epic poetry

Epic poetry tells a dramatic story in a poem. There are characters in the story. It is usually long, and takes place in different settings. Epic poems started in prehistoric times as part of oral tradition. The Kyrgyz Epic of Manas is one of the longest written epics in history.

"Beowulf" is a famous example, written in Old English. Well-known people who wrote epics were Homer, Virgil, Ovid, Dante, Edmund Spenser and Milton. William Wordsworth's Prelude plays with epic ideas though the poem is autobiography.

Epics have seven main characteristics: 
Conventions of epics: 



Omeros (1990), Derek Walcott

Empire of Dreams (1988), Giannina Braschi


Water lillies

Water lilies could mean:

Kousuke Atari

Kousuke Atari (, "Atari Kōsuke"; born July 13, 1980 in Amami island, Kagoshima) is a Japanese singer and Shimauta utasha.


The Apostles (Elgar)

The Apostles, op. 49, is an oratorio for soloists, chorus and orchestra composed by Edward Elgar. It was first performed on October 14, 1903.

Elgar had been thinking for many years about writing a musical work about Jesus's Twelve Apostles. He was already 42 when his orchestral work "Enigma Variations" was first performed in 1899. He was then asked by the Birmingham Triennial Music Festival to compose a big work for the following year. At first he thought of writing "The Apostles", but then he realized he would need more than a year to write it, so he composed an oratorio called "The Dream of Gerontius". When it was first performed it was not a success. This was because the orchestra and choir had only had two weeks to learn it and also because the conductor did not like Elgar's music anyway. Then it was performed in Düsseldorf in Germany and shortly afterwards in Westminster Cathedral, London. Both these performances were greeted with lots of applause. Elgar was given a doctorate (title of Dr) by the University of Cambridge and he was becoming famous. He started to work on "The Apostles", and it was performed in Birmingham in 1903.

Originally Elgar wanted to write three oratorios which would belong together. "The Apostles" is the first one, the second one became "The Kingdom" but the third one, which would have been about the Last Judgement, was never written.

The oratorio is about the disciples of Jesus and the way they react to the amazing things that Jesus does. There are six soloists: the narrator (who tells the story)- he has a tenor voice and also does the part of St John, St Peter (bass), Jesus (bass) and Judas (bass) and the two female singers: the soprano who is both the Blessed Virgin and the angel Gabriel, and the mezzo-soprano who is Mary Magdalene.

Sometimes "The Apostles" is criticized for not being a carefully thought out dramatic story. Elgar was more interested in what makes people behave in the way they do. He was particularly interested in the two sinners Mary Magdalene and Judas Iscariot.

The orchestra is very big. The music includes the call of the shofar. Often this is played on a brass instrument. There is a double choir and a small choir (semichorus).

The work is in two parts and seven sections, each played without a break. Elgar chose the words himself. He spent a lot of time looking at different translations of the Bible and combining sentences from several of the versions.


Unlike "The Dream of Gerontius" which people did not like the first time they heard it, "The Apostles" was an immediate success with audience and critics. People were getting used to the kind of big oratorio that Elgar was writing. However, today "The Dream of Gerontius" is the most popular of Elgar's oratorios. "The Apostles" is a strange mixture of words from different parts of the bible, but it has some very beautiful music. Elgar often wrote the music first and then added the words afterwards.

Elgar uses leitmotifs in this work: melodies that are associated with particular people or ideas. He got this idea from Wagner. Some of the leitmotifs heard in "The Apostles" can also be heard in "The Kingdom".

Knot (speed)

A knot is a unit of speed. It is abbreviated kt or kn. It is a non-SI unit accepted for use with the SI. It is used around the world in meteorology and for maritime and aviation purposes.

1 international knot = 1 nautical mile per hour = 1.852 kilometres per hour exactly. This is based on the internationally agreed length of the nautical mile, as adopted by the US in 1954 (which previously used the US nautical mile of 1853.248 m), the UK in 1970 (which previously used the UK or Admiralty nautical mile of 1853.184 m) and other countries. This is the definition used in most, if not all, modern circumstances. Knot is sometimes used for the nautical mile itself, but this is incorrect.

The speed of a vessel relative to the fluid in which it travels is usually measured in knots. This may be referred to as 'boat speed', 'vessel speed' and, for aircraft, 'air speed'. The speeds of relevant fluids, such as tidal streams, river currents and wind speeds, are also usually specified in knots. Knots are then also used to describe the actual speed of a vessel over the ground (SOG) and for its rate of progress toward a distant point ('velocity made good' or VMG).

One (international) knot is the same as 1.852 kilometres per hour (km·h), and is approximately equal to the following:


Although knots do not fit within the primary SI system, they are used for nautical and aviation use for navigational reasons, because the length of a nautical mile is almost identical to a minute of latitude. As a result, distance in nautical miles on a navigational chart can easily be measured by using dividers and the latitude indicators on the side of the chart.



Knot (disambiguation)

Knot could mean:






In biology:

Knot could also mean:

Knots could mean:


Royal Philharmonic Orchestra

The Royal Philharmonic Orchestra (RPO) is a British orchestra based in London. It travels around to give concerts in many places.

The RPO was started just after World War II, in 1946, by the conductor Sir Thomas Beecham. Beecham did not start to get his players together until three weeks before the first concert which took place in Croydon on September 15, 1946. Beecham was principal conductor until his death in 1961.

When the orchestra toured the United States in 1950 they were the first British orchestra to visit America since the London Symphony Orchestra in 1912.

Beecham controlled all the organization of the orchestra. After Beecham’s death, the orchestra was made into a self-governing group, like the other London orchestras. They went through some difficult years. In 1963 the Royal Philharmonic Society decided they would stop asking the RPO to play for their concerts, and in Glyndebourne, where the RPO had played for the opera since 1948, the London Philharmonic Orchestra became the resident orchestra instead. Sir Malcolm Sargent helped the orchestra to put on its own concerts at a cinema in north London.

The orchestra had made an agreement with the Royal Philharmonic Society about the concerts it would play. This meant it could call itself “Royal”. In the 1960s the work they were doing no longer allowed them to call themselves “Royal”, so in 1966 the Queen officially gave them the title “Royal”.

In 1992 the orchestra appointed Peter Maxwell Davies as associate conductor and composer of the RPO.

On April 7, 1994, the Royal Philharmonic had the honour of performing at the Vatican in the historic "Papal Concert to Commemorate the Holocaust" with Sir Gilbert Levine.

The RPO give a series of concerts in the Cadogan Hall, London, and in the Royal Albert Hall. They tour all over Britain and also abroad. In the period 2002-2007 they played in 30 different countries.

The orchestra made many recordings with Sir Thomas Beecham. In 1964 Igor Stravinsky recorded his opera "The Rake's Progress" with the RPO. From 1964 to 1979 they recorded many Gilbert and Sullivan operas with the D’Oyly Carte Opera Company.

The Royal Philharmonic Concert Orchestra is part of the same organization. They spend their time playing lighter classical music. The RPO have also worked with pop music groups and has given its own series of children’s concerts. In 2007 they announced a series of free educational workshops for the local community.



Adrian Boult

Sir Adrian Cedric Boult CH (8 April 1889 – 22 February 1983) was an English conductor.

Boult was born in Chester. He went to school in Westminster School and studied at Christ Church, Oxford. He then went to the Leipzig Conservatory where he learnt to conduct by watching the great Hungarian conductor Arthur Nikisch. He sang in choral festivals and at the Leeds Festival of 1913, where he went to watch Nikisch conduct.

During World War I he worked for the War Office, and while he was there in 1918 he planned a series of concerts with the London Symphony Orchestra, which included several important new British works including Gustav Holst's "The Planets", "A London Symphony" by Ralph Vaughan Williams, and Elgar's "Symphony No. 2". When Boult was a boy he had already met Elgar. Elgar now wrote to him and said he felt sure the future of his music was safe in Boult's hands. Boult was at the start of a great career in which he conducted a lot of 20th century British music.

In 1924 Boult became conductor of the City of Birmingham Orchestra—now the City of Birmingham Symphony Orchestra — and in 1930 he was made Director of Music at the BBC. When the BBC formed the BBC Symphony Orchestra, Boult also became its chief conductor, combining both jobs.

Boult became famous for conducting a wide repertoire, including the very modern-sounding music of Arnold Schoenberg. In 1933 he married Ann Wilson, the ex-wife of the singer and administrator Steuart Wilson. The marriage lasted until Boult's death. Boult was knighted in 1937.

During World War II the BBC Symphony Orchestra was evacuated to Bristol. Even there it was not safe from the bombing and they moved again to Bedford.
After the war the BBC started the BBC Third Programme and Boult was involved in many new plans for concerts and recordings.

In 1948, Steuart Wilson became Director of Music at the BBC. Some people were saying that the music on the BBC was not so good and that Boult ought to retire when he became 60 in 1949. He then became conductor of the London Philharmonic Orchestra with whom he made many recordings.

Boult continued to conduct until he was very old. His many recordings, including music he had heard Nikisch conduct many years before. His last public performance was conducting Elgar's ballet "The Sanguine Fan" for London Festival Ballet at the Coliseum, in London on 24 June 1978. 

Boult was made a Companion of Honour in 1969.

Boult wrote two books about conducting, "Thoughts on Conducting" and "A handbook on the technique of conducting". He also wrote an autobiography: "My Own Trumpet" (the expression “to blow one’s own trumpet” means: “to boast about oneself). He also gave talks on the radio. He spoke in a very polite, formal style.

Boult always conducted with a baton (conductor’s stick). His conducting was very graceful, his movements were very simple and clear.


Franz Lehár

Franz Lehár (born 30 April 1870; died 24 October 1948) was an Austrian composer of Hungarian descent. He was the leading composer of operettas in the 20th century. He is still one of the most popular composers of light music.

Lehár was born in Komáron in the Austro-Hungarian Empire. Today the town is called Komárno and it is in Slovakia. He was the eldest son of a bandmaster in the Austro-Hungarian army. He studied violin and composition at the Prague Conservatory. Antonín Dvořák told him he should be a composer. After graduation in 1899 he joined his father's band in Vienna, as assistant bandmaster. In 1902 he became conductor at the historic Vienna Theater an der Wien, where his first opera "Wiener Frauen" was performed in November of that year.

He is most famous for his operettas. The best known one is "The Merry Widow" (in German: "Die lustige Witwe") which is probably the most popular of all operettas. He also wrote sonatas, symphonic poems, marches, and a number of waltzes, some of which come from his famous operettas. Some of the songs from his operettas have become very well-known, especially "Vilja" from "The Merry Widow" and "You Are My Heart's Delight" ("Dein ist mein ganzes Herz") from "The Land of Smiles".

The tenor Richard Tauber sang in many of his operettas. Six of them had parts especially written for him.

Lehár died in 1948 in Bad Ischl, near Salzburg where he was also buried. His villa in Bad Ischl is now a museum in his memory.

Rings of Neptune

The planet Neptune has a planetary ring system that is not very bright. It is made up of a few rings and some "ring arcs". The "ring arcs" are part of the outer ring called the Adams ring and are not to be seen anywhere else. The ring "particles" (small parts) are weirdly dark colored, and have large amounts of microscopic dust. Neptune has thirteen moons. Four of them orbit the planet inside the outermost rings.

The rings around Neptune could not be seen from Earth with strong telescopes. The evidence that they were there was first seen when scientists were watching the planet as it passed between the Earth and a star. (When this happens, the light of the star is blocked. This is called "stellar occulation".) Scientists watched this happen 50 times, and on five of those times in the early 1980s they saw the star give a little "blink" just before or after the planet covered it. This meant that rings around the planet were blocking the light, but the rings were not complete.

In 1989 the unmanned spacecraft "Voyager 2" flew by Neptune. "Voyager 2" sent back pictures that gave most of the information that scientists now have about the rings of Neptune. The pictures also help scientists to know why the rings looked incomplete. Not only did the pictures give a closer view, but they also showed the rings in a way that cannot ever be seen from earth. From earth the rings are always seen with the light of the sun shining "towards" them. When the spacecraft went past the planet, it took pictures with the sun shining "behind" the rings, as well. Big "particles" in the rings looked dark against the sunlight, but all tiny dust "particles" (microscopic dust) shone brightly when the sun was behind it. This allowed the scientists to work out what the rings were made of, and how all the particles were arranged.

As better types of telescopes have been developed, scientists can now see some of the rings from earth. The brightness of Neptune makes it hard to see the rings, which are much dimmer and the faintest rings still cannot be seen, even with vey powerful telescopes.

The most famous of Neptune's rings is the thin outer Adams ring, although by comparison with the rings of the planets Saturn or Uranus, it is very hard to see. It was originally named as "1989 N1R". It is famous because it has a feature that has not been seen on any other planetary rings. These are three long narrow ""arcs"" which are much brighter and look more solid than the rest of the ring system. Each one spans from 4-10° of the whole ring. All the arcs are close to each other, spanning under 40° of longitude, only about 1/8th of the edge of the ring. It has been a puzzle to understand why the stuff in these arcs does not spread out evenly through the whole ring.

The three arcs have been named with French names "Liberté", "Égalité", and "Fraternité". These names came from the famous saying of the French Revolution, which translates into English as "Liberty, Equality and Brotherhood!". These names were suggested by the scientists who discovered them during "stellar occultations" in 1984 and 1985.

Four of Neptune's 13 moons are inside the ring system. The one that is nearest to the Adam's ring is called Galatea. It is a lumpy mass of rock that orbits around the planet at about the same speed as the planet is rotating. It is about 1000 kilometers inside the ring. It is the effect of the moon Galatea that is causing the three arcs in the Adam's ring. The ring also has 42 wiggles, which are like waves 30 kilometers high. Scientists are able to use this information to work out the mass of the moon Galatea. .

The best photos that came back from Voyager 2 showed that there are clumps of particles in the rings, but no-one can tell whether they are made of fine dust, or if there may be bigger particles in the clumps as well. All of Neptune's rings have a lot of "microscopic dust" but particularly the arcs of the Adam's ring. They looked very bright in the photos that Voyager 2 took with the sun shining behind them.

The Adams ring is very red. The background particles that make up the ring look twice as bright near the three arcs as they do on the side of the ring that is opposite the arcs.

With the arrival of the Hubble Space Telescope and adaptive optics ground-based telescopes the ring arcs have been re-examined several times, starting in July 1998.

In addition to the outer Adams Ring, the other ring arrangements in the direction of Neptune's surface are:


Voyager pictures appear to also suggest a wide disc of scattered material extending inside of the 50,000 km radius which surrounds the Galle ring, but is difficult to tell apart from Neptune's brightness, and for this reason its existence is uncertain.

The rings are named after astronomers who made important discoveries to the study of Neptune.

Four of Neptune's moons: Naiad, Thalassa, Despina, and Galatea orbit inside the ring system.


Igor Diakonov

Igor Mikhailovich Diakonov (December 30, 1914 (January 12, 1915), Petrograd – May 2, 1999, St Petersburg) was a Russian historian, linguist, and translator.

Baudouin I of Belgium

Baudouin I ( or ; 7 September 1930 – 31 July 1993) was the King of the Belgians from 1951 to 1993. 

The king was the oldest son of King Leopold III (1901-1983) and his first wife, Princess Astrid of Sweden (1905-1935). 

