On 15 December 1960, Baudouin was married in Brussels to Doña Fabiola de Mora y Aragón. The King and Queen had no children. All of the Queen's five pregnancies ended in miscarriage. Badouin died of heart failure. Having had no children, the crown passed on to his brother, Albert II of Belgium, following his death.

During Baudouin's reign the colony of Belgian Congo became independent.


Core

Core generally is the heart or inner part of a thing, as of a column, wall, rope, of a boil, etc.; especially, the central part of fruit, containing the kernels or seeds; as, the core of an apple or quince.

Core could mean:

In media:

In science and academics:

In computers and technology:

Acronyms:

Mesocyclone

A mesocyclone is a vortex of air, about 2 to 10 km in diameter (the mesoscale of meteorology), inside a convective storm.
That is, it is air that rises and rotates around a vertical axis, usually in the same direction as low pressure systems in a given hemisphere. They are most often cyclonic, that is, related with a localized low pressure area inside a severe thunderstorm. Such storms can create strong surface winds and a lot of hail. Mesocyclones often happen together with updrafts in supercells, where tornadoes may form. 

The word mesocyclone originated around 1970–75; meso- + cyclone] This word is first recorded in the period 1970–75. meso- is a combining form meaning “middle,” used in the formation of compound words.

Mesocyclones are normally relatively very small in size; they lie between the synoptic scale (hundreds of kilometers) and small scale (hundreds of meters).


Florida International University

Florida International University (FIU) is a public research university in Miami, Florida in the United States. the University is the largest university in South Florida and also the fifth-largest university in Florida, and the thirteenth-largest university in the country. FIU's programs in law, architecture and business are amongst its most well-ranked and most known programs. The mascot of FIU is a panther, named Roary, and students and fans of the university's athletic teams are often called "Panthers".

On March 15, 2018, a pedestrian bridge at the university collapsed and killed six people.

Sash

A sash is of a cloth belt used to hold a robe together, and usually tied about the waist. The Japanese equivalent of a sash, called an "obi", serves to hold a kimono together. Decorative sashes may pass from the shoulder to the hip rather than around the waist. Sashes traditionally form part of formal military uniform and the royal attire.

The meaning "strip of cloth worn about the waist or over the shoulder" was first recorded in 1681. 

Willow

Willows are a group of trees and shrubs which may be called sallows or osiers. Their Latin name is "Salix".

Willows have many differences in size and type of growth, but are very much alike in other respects. There are about 350 species of this plant, usually found on moist soils in cooler zones in the Northern Hemisphere. Many hybrids are known, both naturally occurring and in cultivation, because willows are very fertile.

Willows have watery bark sap, charged with salicylic acid (defence against herbivory). They have soft, usually pliant (bendy), tough wood, slender branches, and large, fibrous, often stoloniferous roots. The roots are remarkable for their toughness, size, and are hard to kill. Roots readily sprout from aerial parts of the plant.

Willows are dioecious, with male and female flowers appearing as catkins on separate plants. The catkins are produced early in the spring, often before the leaves.


Elegance

Elegance is the attribute of being unusually effective and simple. It is frequently used as a standard of {tastefulness, particularly in the areas of fashion and decoration.

Some associate elegance with simplicity of design. Others understand the word in an opulent light as in tasteful richness of design or ornamentation, like in "the "elegance" of clothings."

Visual stimuli are considered elegant if a small number of colors and stimuli are used. The color white is often associated with elegance, usually along with blue or black.


Courtesan

A courtesan was often a high-class prostitute or mistress, especially one associated with rich, powerful, or noble men who gave 
luxuries and status in exchange for her services. In Renaissance Europe, courtesans had an important role in high class society, sometimes taking the place of wives at social roles requiring diplomacy. Courtesans usually enjoyed more freedom than was typical of women at the time. For example, they did not have money problems, and were more independent. Madame de Pompadour (1721–1764), the famous mistress and favorite of King Louis XV of France, was a courtesan. Courtesans also existed in many countries outside Europe, such as India and Japan.





Jester

A jester, joker, fool, or buffoon, is a type of entertainer mostly (but not always) associated with the Middle Ages. Jesters typically wore brightly colored clothing. Their hats, sometimes called the "cap ’n bells" or "cockscomb", were special; made of cloth, they were floppy with three points (liliripes) each of which had a jingle bell at the end. 

The three points of the hat represent the asses' ears and tail worn by jesters when they first appeared. Other typical things about the jester were his constant laughter and his mock scepter, known as a "bauble" or "maharoof."


Joker

Joker may refer to:


Fool

Fool can mean several different things:

Etiquette

Etiquette, one aspect of decorum, is a code that rules how everyone is expected to behave, according to the social conventions and norms, in society, in a social class, or group. It is usually unwritten, but it may be put in written form. Because they are a product of the society's culture and history, the rules of etiquette are very different from time to time, and from one place and social group to another.


Hairstyle

A hairstyle is the way hair is cut and styled. A haircut may be just practical, but a hairdo suggests professional styling. The fashioning of hair is an aspect of fashion, and cosmetics, especially for females. Practical, cultural, and popular considerations also influence hairstyles.

People in many cultures cut their hair, rather than letting it grow naturally. Hair styles are often used to signal cultural, social, and ethnic identity and can be used to show social status or get attention. 

Generally, hairstyles are influenced by gender. Women's styles are often longer than men's. Fashion trends may have a great influence depending on the person.

There is a great variety of hairstyles. This can best be explained by examples:


Patronage

Patronage is the support, encouragement, privilege and often financial aid given by a person or an organization. It can also refer to the business given by a regular customer, and the guardianship of saints.

In some countries the term is often used to describe the corrupt use of state money and goods to benefit groups, families, ethnicities or races in exchange for votes. These patronage systems are different depending on the area in which they are practiced.

The term comes from the Latin "patronatus".


Reputation

Reputation is the opinion of the public towards a person, a group of people, or an organization. It is an important factor in many fields, such as business, online communities or social status.


Appointment

Appointment can mean:


Lagunaria

Lagunaria is a garden plant famous for its colour.

Warwick Estevam Kerr

Warwick Estevam Kerr (born September 9, 1922, Santana do Parnaíba, São Paulo, Brazil- 15 September 2018) is a Brazilian engineer, geneticist, entomologist, and professor. He made many discoveries in the genetics and sex determination of bees. He is also responsible for the spread of africanized bees across the world. 


Indian national calendar

The Indian national calendar (sometimes called Saka calendar) is the official civil calendar in India. It is used by the Gazette of India, news broadcasts by All India Radio, and in calendars and communications issued by the Government of India.

The months in the first half of the year all have 31 days. This was done to take in account for the slower movement of the sun across the sky during that time.

In leap years, Chaitra has 31 days and starts on March 21. 


Crane (bird)

A crane is a type of tall wading birds from the family Gruidae (order Gruiformes). There are 15 species in 4 genera. The tallest is the sarus crane, "Grus antigone", which can grow to a height of up to 1.8 m (5.9 ft),

Cranes look a lot like herons but they are usually larger, and have a partly naked head, and a more heavy bill. When they are flying, their long neck is stretched out in front, and the legs trail out behind.

The earliest fossils of cranes were discovered in North America. Living forms are living everywhere all over the world except in Antarctica and South America. Many populations are endangered by hunting and habitat destruction.

Cranes are tall birds with long legs. Cranes are large birds, the world's tallest flying birds. They range in size from the demoiselle crane, which is 90 cm (35 in) in length, to the sarus crane, which may be up to 176 cm (69 in). The heaviest is the red-crowned crane, which can weigh 12 kg (26 lb) before migrating. They are usually brown, white, or gray in color. There are over 15 kinds of species of cranes. They look rather like herons. The whooping crane ("Grus americana") is the tallest American bird. Adults stand 5 feet tall and have a wingspan of up to 7 feet.

Cranes are omnivores. They eat many kinds of plants, reptiles, small mammals, and other birds. The average life time of a crane is from 20 to 25 years. Cranes are highly social birds that live in large flocks. Some species of cranes are thought as holy in Asia, especially in Japan.

Cranes usually build their nests in marshy areas and lay two eggs at a time. Cranes can make sounds that are heard from far away. Cranes dance special dances when they mate, and they include stepping quickly, high leaps, stretching, and bowing. Crane chicks grow very quickly and at two to four months, they develop their flight feathers. Cranes are very vocal. They use several different types of calls. They also communicate with their bodies.

All cranes are able to defend themselves quite well. They are mostly quite large, and peck, kick and batter opponents with their wings. They are territorial, and males will fight even more vigorously than usual at mating seasons. Zookeepers use acrylic riot shields to protect themselves against crane attacks.

Cranes are an ancient type of wading bird. Their first definite fossils are in the Eocene epoch, The rails (family Rallidae) are their nearest relatives in the order Gruiformes. Most of the other groups in the Gruiformes are flightless birds. These lived in forests, and left little or no fossil record.

The biggest threats to cranes are hunting and habitat destruction. Cranes need large habitats. All cranes are protected by international agreement.



Estimation

Estimation is the approximation of a result that one can use with information that is not clear or is incomplete. It is like making an educated, reasonable guess based on the information given.

If an estimate is more than the actual amount, then it is called an overestimate. If the estimate was less than the actual result, then it is called an underestimate. This is different from a prediction.


Fee

A fee is the price one gives as payment for services, especially the honorarium paid to a doctor, lawyer, consultant or member of a learned profession. Traditionally, a fee is different to a "payment", salary, or wage, because the fee usually is paid only once for the professional's services.

Maid

A maid, housemaid or, formerly, maidservant is a female employed in domestic worker. Maids perform typical domestic chores such as cooking, ironing, washing, cleaning the house, grocery shopping, caring for pets, and taking care of children like a nanny. In many places in some poor countries, maids often take on the role of a nurse in taking care of the elderly and people with disabilities. Many maids are required by their employers to wear a uniform.

In June 2011, International Labour Organization has made its Convention No.189 for domestic workers including maids.

Embroidery

Embroidery is the art of decorating fabric or other materials with designs stitched in strands of thread or yarn using a needle. Embroidery may also incorporate other materials such as metal strips, pearls, beads, quills, and sequins. Sewing machines can be used to create machine embroidery.

City and Guilds qualification in Embroidery allows embroiderers to become recognized for their skill. This qualification also gives them the credibility to teach. For example, the notable textiles artist, Kathleen Laurel Sage, began her teaching career by getting the City and Guilds Embroidery 1 and 2 qualifications. She has now gone on to write a book on the subject.


Style

Style may refer to:


Banquet

A banquet is a large public meal or feast, complete with main dishes and desserts. It usually serves a purpose, such as a ceremony, or a celebration. Sometimes a banquet is made only of desserts.



Eccentricity

Eccentricity or extravagance is a word used to describe unusual behaviour in a person. People who have habits which many people think are very strange may be called eccentric. Eccentric behaviour is not necessarily good or bad in itself.

Some clever people (geniuses) have behaviour which might be described as eccentric. It is not always clear whether behaviour is just eccentric or whether it is madness. 

Famous people who were eccentric in their different ways include Albert Einstein, Nero, Alan Turing, Howard Hughes, Ludwig II of Bavaria and Lord Berners.

Květinov

Květinov is a small village in the Havlíčkův Brod District, Vysočina Region of the Czech Republic. 243 people live there. It covers 7,08 km². It was first documented in 1436.

Úsobí

Úsobí is a village in the Havlíčkův Brod District, Vysočina Region of the Czech Republic. 707 people live in Úsobí. It covers 12.97 km². It was first documented in 1307.

Conversation

A conversation is two or more people talking about something. It is spontaneous, usually unplanned, though the people may have interests in common. 

Conversations are one of the basic types of human communication. They can be about any subject, and do not necessarily have any fixed purpose. They allow people with different views of a topic to learn from each other. A conversation may be contrasted with formal presentations. A talk or speech, for example is an oral presentation by one person directed at a group. It is basically a one-way communication.

Conversations do not have to happen in person, they can happen over the telephone or on the Internet.

Banter is short witty sentences that bounce back and forth between individuals. Often banter uses clever put-downs and witty insults. It can contain misunderstandings (often intentional), zippy wisecracks, zingers, flirtation, and puns. The idea is each line of banter should "top" the one before it. It is a verbal war of wit without any physical contact.



FK Viktoria Žižkov

FK Viktoria Žižkov is a football club in the Czech Republic. It was founded in 1903 in the city of Prague. Viktoria Žižkov won Czechoslovak championship in 1928 and won the National cup in 1994 and 2001.



Wit

Wit is a form of intellectual humour. A wit is someone skilled in making witty remarks. A witty remark is a smart observation, put with humor and said in the perfect moment. Forms of wit include: the quip and the repartee.

Witty remarks may be intentionally cruel, and may be more ingenious than funny. 

A quip is an observation or saying that has some wit but perhaps descends into sarcasm, or otherwise is short of point; a witticism also suggests the diminutive. Repartee is the wit of the quick answer. (Wilde: "I wish I'd said that." Whistler: "You will, Oscar, you will".)

Joss stick

Joss sticks are a type of incense. They are traditionally burned before an Asian religious image, idol, buddha statue, or shrine. But some joss stick burning rituals (and the prayers that come with it) do not need to be done in front of religious images. They can be burned before anything without limits; like in front of a door, or open window as an offering. In modern days, the burning of joss sticks can be used for any reason, like making the smell of a room better or lighting fireworks up.

AFK Union Žižkov

AFK Union Žižkov is a football club in the Czech Republic. It was founded in 1907 in the city of Prague.



2004 Atlantic hurricane season

The 2004 Atlantic hurricane season officially began on June 1, 2004. It lasted until November 30. These dates usually mark the beginning an the end of the period of each year when most tropical cyclones form in the Atlantic basin. However, the 2004 season went past these actual limits slightly. For example, Tropical Storm Otto formed on the last day of the season and lasted two days into December. The season was above average in activity. It had fifteen named storms and one of the highest Accumulated Cyclone Energy totals ever recorded. The most season included storms called: Hurricane Charley, Frances, Ivan, and Jeanne.

Hurricane Alex formed on July 31 off the coast of South Carolina. Alex quickly strengthened into a category 2. On August 3, Hurricane Alex came within 10 miles of North Carolina. Hurricane Alex turned northeast and dissipated in the middle of the Atlantic Ocean. Because Hurricane Alex did not make landfall it only caused $2.4 million in damage and only 1 person was killed as a result of the hurricane.

Bonnie started as Tropical Depression Two while east of Barbados. Tropical Depression Two crossed the Windward Islands and died out shortly after. It became Tropical Depression Two again while it was south of Cuba. Tropical Storm Bonnie made landfall in the Florida Panhandle. Bonnie died out again after that. Bonnie left only about $1 million in damage and 4 deaths. 
For the official forecasts, see:
Hurricane Charley was a strong hurricane that strengthened very fast. Charley also made landfall further south then he was supposed to. Charley left $16.5 billion in damage and 35 deaths. The damage caused by Charley made it the second costliest storm in U.S. history, only to Hurricane Andrew. This beaten by four other storms within 4 years, it was beaten by Hurricane Katrina, Hurricane Wilma, then Hurricane Ike. That makes Charley the fifth costliest storm in U.S. history. 
For the official forecasts, see the NHC's archive on Hurricane Charley.

Danielle was a category 2 hurricane of 2004. It started on August 13 in the far east Atlantic Ocean. The path took it over cooler waters, which caused Danielle to die on August 21.
For the official forecasts, see the NHC's archive on Hurricane Danielle.

On August 13 Tropical Depression Five formed. On August 14 it became Tropical Storm Earl. Tropical Storm Earl passed south of Grenada and became a tropical wave. It was no longer a tropical storm. Later on the remains became Hurricane Frank in the Pacific Ocean. See also 2004 Pacific hurricane season for information on Earl after it crossed oceans.
Frances was one of the four hurricanes to have a major impact of the U.S. state of Florida. Frances made landfall near the same location Hurricane Jeanne would make landfall in about two weeks later. Frances caused about 101 tornadoes from Florida to Virginia. Frances killed 49 people and $12 billion in damage.

Gaston started as Tropical Depression Seven on August 27. It strengthened into a tropical storm. Later on it strengthened into a hurricane very shortly before landfall in South Carolina on August 29. On August 30 it moved back into the Atlantic Ocean. Gaston died on September 1, after killing 9 people and causing $120 million in damage. 

Hermine started about 360 miles south of Bermuda. It moved west and became a tropical storm. Hermine moved quickly north and on August 31 made landfall in New Bedford, Massachusetts as a weak tropical storm. Hermine died on the same day after killing no one and causing little damage. 
Hurricane Ivan was the strongest hurricane of the 2004 Atlantic hurricane season. The storm formed as a Cape Verde-type hurricane in early September, and became the ninth named storm, the sixth hurricane, and the fourth major hurricane of the year. Ivan reached Category 5 strength on the Saffir-Simpson Hurricane Scale, the highest possible category and the only one of the season. At the time it was sixth most intense Atlantic hurricane on record.

For official forecasts see:

Tropical Depression Ten was the only depression of the 2004 Atlantic hurricane season. Ten formed in the northeast Atlantic on September 7 and dissipated two days later, Tropical Depression Ten caused no affects to land.

For official forecasts, see the NHC's advisory archive on Tropical Depression Ten
Hurricane Jeanne was a deadly storm, especially to Haiti. The storm cause 3,035 deaths, about 3,006 were in Haiti alone. Hurricane Jeanne was also a costly hurricane. With $7 billion in damage makes it the 13th costliest hurricane in U.S. History. In Florida the hurricane made landfall in the same area as Hurricane Frances only two weeks before.

For official forecasts see:

Hurricane Karl was a strong category 4 that only affected the Faroe Islands. Karl formed in the middle of the Atlantic on September 16 as Tropical Depression Twelve. It became a tropical storm that same day. Two days later it became a hurricane and by September 21 it became a category 4 and soon reached it highest winds of 145 mph. It continued north weakening and then becoming extratropical on September 24.

For official forecasts see the NHC's public advisory archive on Hurricane Karl.

Lisa was a category 1 hurricane, it remained weak for much of its early life. After almost 14 days it finally became a hurricane. Hurricane Lisa started on September 19 and died on October 3. 
For official forecasts see the NHC's public advisory archive on Hurricane Lisa.

Matthew was a weak tropical storm. It started in the Gulf of Mexico on October 8. Tropical Storm Matthew made landfall in Louisiana on October 10, and died on the same day. The storm caused $300,000 in damage.
For official forecasts see: 
Subtropical Storm Nicole was the only subtropical storm in 2004. Nicole formed on October 10 southwest of Bermuda. Subtropical Storm Nicole dissipated the next day. Nicole caused swells to the East Coast of The United States and almost 6 inches of rain in Bermuda.

For official forecasts, see the NHC's public advisory archive on Subtropical Storm Nicole.

Tropical Storm Otto formed late in the season of November 29 and on the same day, Tropical Storm Otto reached it's highest winds of 50 mph. Otto then dissipated on December 3.

For official forecasts, see the NHC's public advisory archive on Tropical Storm Otto.
The list is the names that were set aside for the 2004 Atlantic hurricane season. Name that were not used are marked in .

In the spring of 2005 four names were retired. They are Charley, Frances, Jeanne and Ivan. In 2010 they were replaced with Colin, Fiona, Igor, Julia.


Flirting

Flirting is a form of human behavior from one person toward another person, or between two people, usually showing a sexual or romantic interest in the other person. It can include conversation, body language (such as winking), or short physical contact. 


Trustworthiness

Trustworthiness or honesty is mainly a moral value. A trustworthy person is someone in whom we can place our trust and be sure that the trust will not be betrayed. Examples could be 

The first example is moral. It depends on what we know about the person, their family and upbringing.

The second example is technical. We would need to know what kind of jobs the person had done before and, perhaps, what kind of training he had.

In order for one to trust another,their worth and integrity must be proven over time. That applies especially to the first (moral) case.
Trustworthiness in technical matters may be identified by attributes such as reliability, dependability and qualifications.


Shamisen

The shamisen or samisen (Japanese: 三味線, literally "three taste strings"), also called sangen (literally "three strings") is a Japanese musical instrument with three strings, that is played with a big plectrum called a "bachi". The pronunciation in Japanese is usually "shamisen".




Obi

Obi (帯, おび) is a Japanese word meaning "belt" or "band". Mostly, it is used to describe the types of sash worn with kimono and keikogi.

Obi are worn by both men and women. They can be very simple, made of one layer of lightweight fabric, or decorated heavily, made of stiff, woven material, embroidered and dyed with different designs.

Obi for men are less wide and shorter than obi for women. Men mostly wear "kaku" obi, but sometimes wear "heko" obi, which are made of much softer material. "Heko" obi are worn casually, but "kaku" obi can be worn casually and formally.

Obi for women are much wider and longer. Most women usually wear a "nagoya" obi, which is wider at one end. In summer, women wear "hanhaba" obi with "yukata". Formal obi for women can be woven from metallic yarns, covered in embroidery, or dyed in an elegant design.

Obi for women are usually the most expensive part of a kimono outfit. However, obi for men can be expensive as well. Expensive obi are usually made by very skilled artists. Some of these people are called National Living Treasures because they are so skilled.

Obi worn for practicing martial arts are a lot thinner and shorter than other kinds of obi. They come in different colours, and the colours show how skilled someone is in practicing martial arts. When someone becomes skilled enough, they wear a new colour of obi. Both men and women wear the same size and length of obi in martial arts, and they are not decorated with embroidery or dyes designs.

Nitrogen fixation

Nitrogen fixation is how nitrogen in the air (N) is changed (converted) into ammonia () or other nitrogenous compounds in the soil.

Nitrogen fixation is essential to life because nitrogen compounds are needed for making all nitrogen-containing organic compounds, such as amino acids, proteins, and nucleic acids.

Atmospheric nitrogen is a relatively unreactive molecule. It is useless to all except a few bacteria and archaea. Biological nitrogen fixation converts into ammonia, which is used (metabolized) by most organisms.

Nitrogen is fixed in biological and non-biological ways:


Cyanobacteria are in most environments on Earth. They play key roles in the carbon and nitrogen cycle of the biosphere. Cyanobacteria use many sources of combined nitrogen, like nitrate, nitrite, ammonium, urea, or some amino acids. 

Several cyanobacteria are also diazotrophs which can fix nitrogen from the air. This is an ability which may have been present in their last common ancestor in the Archaean. 
Cyanobacteria in coral reefs can fix twice the amount of nitrogen than on land—around 1.8 kg of nitrogen is fixed per hectare per day. The colonial marine cyanobacterium "Trichodesmium" may fix nitrogen on such a scale that it accounts for almost half of the nitrogen-fixation in marine systems on a global scale.

Plants that contribute to nitrogen fixation include the legume family – Fabaceae – with taxa such as kudzu, clovers, soybeans, alfalfa, lupines, peanuts, and rooibos. They have symbiotic bacteria called "Rhizobia" in nodules in their root systems, producing nitrogen compounds that help the plant to grow and compete with other plants. When the plant dies, the fixed 
nitrogen is released, making it available to other plants and this helps to fertilize the soil. Most legumes have this association, but a few genera (e.g., "Styphnolobium") do not. In traditional farming practice, fields are rotated through various types of crops, which usually includes one consisting mainly or entirely of clover or buckwheat (non-legume family "Polygonaceae"), which are often referred to as "green manure".

Although most plants able to form nitrogen-fixing root nodules are in the legume family Fabaceae, there are a few exceptions:



All these families belong to the orders Cucurbitales, Fagales, and Rosales, which together with the Fabales form a clade. In this clade, Fabales were the first lineage to branch off; thus, the ability to fix nitrogen was lost in most descendants of the original nitrogen-fixing plant. 

Biological nitrogen fixation was discovered by Hermann Hellnegel (18311895) and Martinus Beijerinck (18511931).


Britské listy

Britské listy is an Internet cultural and political daily published in the Czech Republic. It specialises in critical analysis of Czech politics; some Czech commentators consider this as "left-wing views". It is editorially open and will publish stimulating pieces by authors from any part of the political spectrum


Nitrogen cycle

The nitrogen cycle is the way that nitrogen in nature is changed into many different forms that are used by living organism[s]. 

Air is about 78% nitrogen. Nitrogen chemicals are needed for life. Nitrogen is a necessary part of proteins, DNA, and RNA. In plants, nitrogen is needed for photosynthesis and growth. However, living things cannot use the elemental nitrogen in the air for these things. Nitrogen fixation is needed to change the nitrogen in air (N) into forms that can be used by life. Most nitrogen fixation is done by microorganisms called bacteria. These bacteria have an enzyme that combines N with hydrogen gas (H) to make ammonia (NH). 

Some of these bacteria live in the roots of plants (mostly legumes). In these roots, they make ammonia for the plant and the plant gives them carbohydrates. Other plants take nitrogen compounds out of the soil through their roots. All nitrogen in animals comes from eating plants.

Ammonium (NH) in soil is made by nitrogen-fixing bacteria and decomposers, bacteria and fungi that break down dead life into its parts. This process is called "ammonification". Ammonium has a positive charge. It easily joins to clay and humus in the soil. Ammonia and ammonium are poisonous to fish and other animals. Sewage and other waste-water is regularly measured because of this. If ammonia levels are too high, "nitrification" must happen. 

Nitrification is the oxidation of ammonia and ammonium to nitrite (NO) and then to nitrate (NO) by bacteria. Because nitrite and nitrate have a negative charge they do not easily join to soil and will wash out of the soil during rain and irrigation. High nitrate levels in drinking water are harmful for babies and can cause blue-baby syndrome. High nitrate levels can also cause too much algae growth in lakes and pools. This eutrophication can be harmful to fish and other water animals. The use of fertilizers is controlled because of this. 

Where there is no oxygen, some bacteria will make nitrate into nitrogen gas (N) to extract energy. This starts the nitrogen cycle over again. This process is called "denitrification".

Moscow State University

Lomonosov Moscow State University (MSU; ), also known as Moscow State University, is the largest and oldest university in Russia. It was made in 1755 and is in Moscow. It was made by Ivan Shuvalov and Mikhail Lomonosov. It is named after Lomonosov.

The university building is an example of Stalinist architecture. In total, there are seven such towers around Moscow. The tower at the university is the largest one. The tower was designed by architect Lev Vladimirovich Rudnev. It was built after the war. He was awarded the Stalin Prize for its construction, in 1949. The building was the largest skyscraper outside New York for a long time. It was the tallest buildimg in Europe, until 1988. The central tower is 240m high. It has 36-stories. It is flanked by four huge wings of student and faculty accommodations. It is said to contain a total of 33 kilometers of corridors and 5,000 rooms. Facilities that are inside the building include a concert hall, a theatre, a museum, various administration services, a library, a swimming pool, a police station, a post office, a laundry, a hairdresser's salon, a canteen, bank offices, shops, cafeterias, and a bomb shelter. Along with the university administration, four of the main faculties - Faculty of Mechanics and Mathematics, the Faculty of Geology, the Faculty of Geography, and the Faculty of Fine and Performing Arts - now are in the Main building. The star on the top of the tower is large enough so that it has a small room and a viewing platform; it weighs 12 tons. The building's facades are decorated with giant clocks, barometers, and thermometers, statues, carved wheat sheaves, and Soviet crests (recently renovated). It stands before a terrace featuring statues of male and female students gazing optimistically and confidently into the future.


Boarding school

A boarding school is a school where students live and sleep. Some boarding schools have day students who go home at the end of the school day. If the school costs money, they don't have to pay as much money. A person who stays at a boarding school is called a "boarder". In the UK 1% of children go to boarding schools and 13% of private school pupils are boarders. Most boarding schools are private. This means that as well as having to pay to sleep there, students have to pay for their education. 

In Ghana most secondary schools are boarding.

Famous private boarding schools include Eton College, Rugby School and Harrow School in the United Kingdom, Phillips Exeter Academy in the United States and Cornway College in Zimbabwe.

There are therapeutic boarding schools which offer treatment for psychological difficulties. Special needs education for children are catered for in some boarding schools. Some boarding schools offer 'democratic education', such as Summerhill School (where pupils make many of the decisions). Others are determinedly international, such as the United World Colleges. Military schools or academies provide discipline and may offer a way into military service. Gordonstoun in Scotland is a co-educational school for both day and boarding pupils.

Some famous novels use boarding schools as their setting. Examples include the" Harry Potter" series by J.K. Rowling;" A Little Princess" by Frances Hodgson Burnett; "The Catcher in the Rye "by J.D. Salinger;" the Malory Towers, St. Clare's "and "The Naughtiest Girl "series" "by Enid Blyton; and "Nicholas Nickleby "by Charles Dickens. 

Sacha Baron Cohen

Sacha Noam Baron Cohen (born 13 October 1971) is an English comedian, writer and actor. He was born in Hammersmith in London.

In 2021, Cohen was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor for his role as Abbie Hoffman in "The Trial of the Chicago 7".

He made a television series called Da Ali G Show, in the series he had three characters:

He also made a movie about the character Borat called "". This movie made Cohen an international celebrity.

In 2009 he made a movie about Bruno called "Brüno". The movie about Borat made about $26.4 million in its debut.

In 2012 Cohen played Thénardier in "Les Misérables".

In 2012, Cohen made a movie called "The Dictator" in which he played Admiral General Aladeen.

Cohen became engaged to Isla Fisher in 2004. The couple married in 2010. They have two daughters and a son. Cohen is Jewish.


Utrecht (province)

Utrecht (officially "Province of Utrecht") is a province in the Netherlands. It is found near the centre of the country. Utrecht is the smallest province by size in the Netherlands. About 1,388,000 people are living in Utrecht (2023).

Its capital is also called Utrecht, it is the city of Utrecht.


George II of Great Britain

George II (George Augustus, 10 November 1683 – 25 October 1760) was a British king. He was born in Germany. He was the last British monarch born outside of Great Britain. New British law in the early 1700s showed that only his fathers mother, Sophia of Hanover and her Protestant children to inherit the British throne. After the deaths of George's grandmother and Queen Anne of Great Britain in 1714, George's father, became king of Great Britain as George I. 

He became King of Great Britain and King of Ireland in 1727 after the death of his father. He was also Elector of Hanover. His son, Frederick, Prince of Wales died before him, so Frederick’s son became George III of Great Britain.

George II died of heart problems on the toilet on 25 October 1760. His body was buried on 11 November in Westminster Abbey next to his wife, Caroline of Ansbach

Mandy Moore

Amanda Leigh Moore, known as Mandy Moore (born April 10, 1984) is an American pop singer-songwriter and actress. She was born in Nashua, New Hampshire and grew up in Longwood, Florida, outside of Orlando. She has been active since the late 1990s. She is known for the voice of Sheriff Callie in "Sheriff Callie's Wild West", Bingo in "Rivit Monsters", Polana in "Trolls: The Beat Goes On!" and "Trolls: TrollsTopia" and Courtney in the "Family Guy" episode "No Giggity, No Doubt".

Moore is also a cast member of the 2016 American dramedy series "This Is Us".

Studio albums

Oiran

Geisha replaced oiran. Geisha practiced common types of entertainment enjoyed by the people of that time. They became more popular than oiran. The last known oiran was in 1761. A few women still practice the arts of the oiran today (without sex) to continue the cultural heritage.


Ryōtei

A is a type of very expensive and elegant Japanese restaurant. Traditionally they only accept new customers who are recommended by known and trusted clients. They usually include entertainment by geisha, but not always in modern times. Ryōtei are usually a place where very important business or political meetings can take place in private.


Philharmonia

The Philharmonia is an orchestra from London.

The orchestra was formed in 1945 by Walter Legge. Legge was not a conductor, but he was a man who organized a lot of music, especially recordings. The orchestra spent most of their time making gramophone recordings, but sometimes they also gave concerts. The conductor Thomas Beecham led their first concert in 1946, but Beecham had always organized his own orchestras and he wanted to organize this one. He even wanted to change the orchestra’s name. The players decided that they did not want Beecham as their conductor. Beecham went on to form another orchestra which he called the Royal Philharmonic Orchestra.

In the first years of the Philharmonia they were conducted by several world-famous conductors, including Arturo Toscanini, Wilhelm Furtwängler and, especially, Herbert von Karajan. Karajan helped the orchestra to become one of the finest in the world, and he made many recordings with them, including all the Beethoven symphonies.

In 1954 Karajan left to conduct the Berlin Philharmonic Orchestra. Legge found another world-famous conductor, Otto Klemperer. Although he was already quite old, Klemperer made many excellent recordings with the orchestra. In 1959 the orchestra gave Klemperer the title of Music Director for the rest of his life.

In 1964 Legge thought the orchestra had done enough recordings and he was going to bring it to an end. Both the orchestra and Klemperer wanted it to continue, so the orchestra made their own organizing body (like other London orchestras) and they continued, calling themselves by a new name: the "New Philharmonia Orchestra". They gave their first concert under their new name on 27 October 1964. It was a performance of Beethoven's "Symphony No. 9", conducted by Klemperer.

The orchestra gave many more concerts after it became self-governing than it had when Legge had been organizing them. Continuing as the New Philharmonia Orchestra, it got its old name “Philharmonia Orchestra” back again in 1977, and has been known by that name ever since.

Klemperer retired from conducting in 1971, but was officially still its principal conductor until his death in 1973. Since then the orchestra has been conducted by Lorin Maazel, Riccardo Muti, Giuseppe Sinopoli, Christoph von Dohnányi and Esa-Pekka Salonen who has conducted them since 2008.

Today, the orchestra continues to give many concerts, travelling around Britain as well as abroad. Since 1995 they have been based in the Royal Festival Hall in London. They also give regular concerts at De Montfort Hall, Leicester and the Corn Exchange, Bedford. Abroad they often play in the Théâtre du Châtelet in Paris and the Concertgebouw in Amsterdam.

The Philharmonia has made more than one thousand recordings. It has also been heard on the soundtracks of many films, including such classics as Laurence Olivier's 1944 film version of Shakespeare's "Henry V", and David Lean's film version of "Oliver Twist" (1948).




Taiko

In a traditional Japanese village the "odaiko" (big drum) defined the extent of the village land. In modern Japan, wadaiko has become more of a performance art, seen only during festivals or in concert. The most famous Wadaiko performance group are 'Kodo' (meaning heart-beat). They are not only the worlds most respected Japanese drumming group, they also maintain many traditional art forms. They group lives on the island 'Sado Higashima' and live together as a community in a traditional way. Many other cultures have adopted this style of drumming, from Germany and the United States to Australia.


Kitagawa Utamaro

Kitagawa Utamaro (;  – 31 October 1806), also called Utamaro, was a Japanese artist. He was a master of the ukiyo-e style of woodblock prints and painting.

Utamaro is known for his studies of women ("bijinga"). He also made nature studies. 

His work was popular in Europe. He influenced artists in Europe who were called Impressionists.


Hanamachi

A hanamachi (花街) is a Japanese word used to call a neighborhood where courtesans and geisha lived and worked. The word's literal meaning is ""flower town"". These neighborhoods used to have many "okiya" ("geisha houses") and "ochaya" ("tea houses", where geishas entertained guests). The term "hanamachi" is used in modern Japan to call the areas where modern-day geisha are still living and working. Today, "hanamachi" are rare outside of Kyoto.

Japanese traditional dance

There are two types of Japanese traditional dance: "Odori", which was created in the Edo period; and "Mai", which was created in the western part of Japan. Odori came from "Kabuki" drama, where it is danced by men. Mai derives from "Noh" drama, also danced by men. Today it is usually danced by female dancers, and is mostly done in houses, instead of on stage.

A type of the Mai style of Japanese dance is the "Kyomai" or Kyoto style dance. Kyomai was created in the 17th century Tokugawa cultural period. Noh drama, music and dance was heavily influenced by the elegance of the manners of the Japanese Imperial Court. Kabuki drama, and hence Odori, was a more democratic form, but still (viewed with modern eyes) quite traditional.

Parkour

Parkour is an activity in which the goal is to move from one place to another as quickly and efficiently as possible, using the abilities of the human body. Parkour helps to overcome barriers, and is practiced in rural and urban areas. Parkour practitioners are called "traceurs", or "traceuses" for females.

Founded by David Belle in France, practitioners only use efficient movements to develop their bodies and minds, and to be able to overcome barriers in an emergency. It may also be a form of entertainment or a hobby.

Acrobatics (such as flips and wall flips) are not part of parkour, because of inefficiency in a difficult situation (emergency). Freerunning is the branch of parkour, when such flips are used rather than efficient movement.
In 1988, David Belle was 15 years old. His father Raymond Belle was a great fireman. David was influenced by his father. He left school at the age of 16 and his father helped him to make him stronger. David and his classmates began to create new actions to train themselves. They named it parkour. 

The basic motion of parkour
1. Landing
2. Roll
3. Rolling
4. Swan dive
5. Balance
6. Cat balance
7. Precision one foot take off
8. Precision 2 footed take off
9. Dismount
10. Turn vault
11. Wall run
12. Tic tac
13. Tic tac to precision
14. Crane
15. Moonstep
16. Catleap
17. 180% cat　　
18. Running cat　　
19. Tic tac to cat
20. Monkey vault
21. Kingkong vault　　
22. Double kingkong
23. Diving kingkong
24. Kong precision
25. Kingkong cat　　
26. Dash vault
27. Kingkong dash
28. Lazy vault
29. Speed vault
30. Underbar
31. Lache
32. Hand stand
33. Flag
34.Palmspin　　
35. Wall spin
36. Aerial。
37. Sideflip
38. Backflip
39. Frontflip
40. Star Jumping

Parkour does involve risks but usually the public tends to overestimate those. Football, as well as quite a lot of other sports as well, has a higher injury rate.


Shakuhachi

The is a Japanese flute which is played vertically (up-down) like a recorder, instead of horizontally (from side to side) like the Western transverse flute. Its name means "1.8 foot", its size. It is traditionally made of bamboo, but ones made of wood or plastic exist today. It was used by the monks of Zen Buddhism in the practice of "suizen" (blowing meditation).




Christian movements

Christian movements are different religious, political and philosophical ideas of Christianity that means Christians belonging to one movement have a small difference in beliefs than a person from a different movement. Liberal Christianity and Evangelicalism are examples of different Christian movements.

Li Guang

Li Guang (; ? – 119 BC) was a Chinese general of the Han Dynasty. His father, Li Xin, was a great military leader. Li Guang became a soldier when he was young. As Li Guang fought bravely in the battlefields, he was soon promoted to a general. He killed himself in the year 119 BC.

Royal Borough of Kensington and Chelsea

The Royal Borough of Kensington and Chelsea is a London borough, west of central London. Notting Hill is in North Kensington.

The borough includes several districts in the west of London; before 1965 the two boroughs of Kensington and Chelsea were separately administered.

London Borough of Enfield

The London Borough of Enfield is the northernmost London borough. It is controlled by the Labour party. It is an area with people from many countries and cultures in it.

List of English districts by area

This is a list of districts of England by size. The biggest are first and smallest are at the end.

Huo Qubing

Huo Qubing (; 140 BC - 117 BC) was a Chinese general of the Han Dynasty under Emperor Wu. He was very good at shooting with his bow on a horse. When he was 18, he was ordered to attack the Xiongnu with 800 cavalry. Finally, his troops killed about 2,000 enemies and kidnapped the imperial officials.

In the spring of 121 BC, Emperor Wu ordered Huo Qubing to invade the Xiongnu with 10,000 cavalry. He occupied 5 cities within 6 days and finally killed 8,000 enemies. In order to fairly eliminate the main force of the Xiongnu, Huo Qubing and Wei Qing led 100,000 cavalry and fought with their enemies in the desert in the spring of 119 BC. Huo Qubing died in Chang'an (present-day Xi'an), the capital of the Han Dynasty, when he was 24.

Kali Yuga

In Hinduism, Kali Yuga (Devanāgarī: , lit. "Age of Kali", "age of vice"), is one of the four stages or yugas that the world goes through. Traditionally, most Hindus believe that the Kali Yuga is 432,000 years long. Kali Yuga, in Punjabi known as Kalyug, is also recognized and stated in Sikhism.


Squash (plant)

Squashes are a kind of vegetable. They are originally from the Americas. Gourds are in the same family as squashes. Pumpkins and zucchini (courgette) are types of squashes. Although squash is a fruit according to its botanical classification, it is generally considered a vegetable in food preparation. A squash can grow up to fifteen feet tall.

The English word "squash" comes from askutasquash (which means "a green thing eaten raw"). This is a word from the Narragansett language, which was documented by Roger Williams in his 1643 publication "A Key Into the Language of America". There are similar words for squash in related languages of the Algonquian family such as Massachusett.

The squash has been an important crop in the Andes mountains since the pre-Columbian Era. The Moche culture from Northern Peru made ceramics from earth, water, and fire. This pottery was used to represent important themes. Squash are a popular shape in Moche ceramics.


Squash

Squash may refer to: 

Nelumbo

Nelumbo is a genus of water plants which are also known as lotus. Lotus flowers are large – up to 20 cm (8 inches) across – and they smell sweet.

The Sacred lotus of Asia has pink flowers. The American lotus has yellow flowers.

In India the lotus is considered a symbol of purity

The lotus flowers grow over the water. Lotus leaves often float on top of the water. The roots of lotus plants are in the mud (wet dirt) under the water. Every part of every plant must have air for respiration (breathing). Air spaces in the stems and roots make the lotus able to live and respire under water.

People can eat lotus roots and seeds. Cattle (cows) like to eat the leaves and flowers.

Lotuses look rather like water lilies from the Nymphaeaceae family. It is the "National flower" of both India and Vietnam and also the "Provincial flower" of Sindh province, Pakistan. 


Nymphaeaceae

In botany, Nymphaeaceae is the name of a family of plants which grow in water. The family is also called "water-lily family".

Their flowers suggest they are one of the earliest groups of angiosperms. Modern genetic analyses by the Angiosperm Phylogeny Group researchers has confirmed its basal position among flowering plants. 

Also, the Nymphaeaceae are more diverse and wdespread than other basal angiosperms. Nymphaeaceae is in the order Nymphaeales. According to the most widely accepted flowering plant classification system, this is the second diverging group of angiosperms after "Amborella".

Ugly Betty

Ugly Betty is a Golden Globe- and Peabody Award-winning American comedy-drama television series. It stars America Ferrera, Vanessa Williams, and Eric Mabius. It premiered on September 28, 2006, on ABC in the United States. The series follows the life of Betty Suarez (Ferrera), and her incongruous job at the ultra-chic New York City fashion magazine ""Mode"". Betty's status as a "fish out of water" drives much of the plot. Ugly Betty ended on April 14, 2010 after low ratings during season 4.

USA TV ratings

Based on average total viewers per episode of "Ugly Betty" on ABC:

Since the show's debut, the main characters have become the latest fixures in the lexicon of pop media culture. They have already had parodies, news media stories and art-imitating-life situations, as well as recognition from the United States Congress itself.


Shinto shrine

A Shinto shrine is a sacred place or site where people worship in the Shinto religion. Many Shinto shrines have buildings, gates, and natural areas such as forests and rivers around them. The usual Japanese word for a Shinto shrine is .



Mineko Iwasaki

, born Masako Tanaka on November 2, 1949 in Kyoto, was Japan's number one "geiko" (geisha) until she retired at the age of 29. She entertained many important people when they visited Japan, like Queen Elizabeth and Prince Charles. She retired because she was tired of the profession, and wanted to start a family.

Author Arthur Golden did an interview to her and used her as inspiration for his book "Memoirs of a Geisha", that was later made a movie. Iwasaki later said that the book was full of lies, and that nothing that Golden said ever happened to her. She put a lawsuit against Golden for this, and they solved it out of court in 2003. After the publication of "Memoirs of a Geisha", Iwasaki wrote her autobiography, "Geisha, A Life".



List of English districts by population

This is a list of districts in England by population. The districts at the top have the biggest population and the districts at the bottom have a smaller number of people.

Libra (astrology)

Libra is an astrological sign, related to the constellation Libra, in the Southern Hemisphere near Scorpius and Virgo. In the tropical zodiac, the Sun meets Libra from September 23 to October 23, and in the sidereal zodiac, it ends on November 15. Libra, (The Scales of Balance), is the only symbol of the zodiac that is inanimate (it is not represented by an animal or person). The opposite sign to Libra is Aries.

The corresponding month in the Babylonian calendar is "Tišritum", made for Shamash (the Sun).

Libra's symbol, like the scales, is the only symbol in the zodiac that is not represented by an animal or person.
In mythology a Libra is related to the Greek Goddess of love, Aphrodite, the Greek mythology 
Libra is also related to the Greco-Roman goddess Aphrodite/Venus and sometimes also the goddesses Eris/Discordia & Harmonia/Concordia,Dike, Themis, Hera/Juno, Ishtar, Freyja, Persephone, Frigg and Forsetti the god Xolotl.



Matsya

Hindus believe that the Matsya was the First on God Vishnu Described a giant, fish often golden color connected to the rear half a Fish

first important avatar of Vishnu. As the Matsya avatar, Vishnu took the form of a big fish. Sometimes, it is said that he took the form of a half-man and half-fish. There is a story about this in Hindu scriptures. The story tells about a demon (an asura). That asura was very wicked. He snatched the Vedas, the holy books of the Hindus, and went deep inside the sea. At this point, Vishnu changed his form. He became a "matsya", that is, a fish. He entered the sea and brought back the Vedas. He gave the Vedas to Manu. The Hindu scriptures say that Manu was the first man in the world. He may be compared with Noah or Adam.

Kurma

Kurma is an avatar in the Hindu religion. Hindus believe that Vishnu, an important god of Hinduism, had several forms, or avatars, and the second
important avatar is called the Kurma avatar. In this avatar, Vishnu took the form of a kurma to help the devtas and asuras to churn the Kshira Sagara, to gain amrita. This avatar took the Mount Mandaar on his back and helped the mount to churn the ocean. Kurma is a Sanskrit language word that means a tortoise. As a kurma, Vishnu is the symbol of strength and stability.

Varaha

Hindus believe that Vishnu had many important Avatars, and the Varaha avatar was the third avatar of Vishnu. In this avatar, Vishnu took the form of a black varaha. Varaha is a Sanskrit language word 

that means a boar. The Hindu scriptures tell a story about this avatar. There was a daitya (a demon) named Hiranyaksha. He threw the Earth (called Prithivi by the Hindus) into the waters of the ocean. The earth was about to sink in the ocean. At this point, Vishnu took the form of a black boar. He entered the water and carried the earth on its body and brought the earth safely to where it should be. Thus, Vishnu as a varaha saved the earth from being destroyed. 

Prithvi

Prithvi is the name for the goddess of the Earth in Hinduism.

The goddess prithvi is also called Devi basundhara, mata dharitri and bhoomidevi. 

Daitya

A Daitya, according to Hinduism, is a type of giant that fought against the gods.

Manu (Hinduism)

Manu is a term found in Hinduism. 

It has various meanings in different mythologies. In early texts, it refers to the archetypal man, or to the first man on Earth.

Wild boar

The wild boar ("Sus scrofa") belongs to the family of the real pig (Suidae) from the order of artiodactyls. They live today in almost every part of the world, even many countries that are not their natural habitats.

The wild boar is native to Eurasia and North Africa. Wild boars are omnivorous and easily adapt to changes. They were hunted in Europe from long ago for many of their body parts, and were shown in the mythology of many ancient civilizations. Greek, Phoenician, and Persian mythology showed them as fierce, sometimes evil, while others showed them as brave, powerful animals. Again, others saw them as parasitic. Even today many people see wild boars very differently.

The hair of the boar was often used when making the toothbrush until the 1930s. The hair for the bristles usually came from the neck area of the boar. The brushes were popular because the bristles were soft. However, this was not the best material for oral hygiene because the hairs dried slowly and usually held bacteria.

The body of the wild boar, when seen from the side, often looks very big. This impression is partly because, compared to the large body mass, the legs of the wild boar are short and do not look very strong. The wild boar's head is very large. Its eyes are high up on the head, while the ears are small with bristles around it. Its tail can move very quickly, and the wild boar often uses it to show when his mood. If seen from the front, the body looks quite narrow. The wild boar has 44 teeth in its jaw, which helps its strong bite. The male and the female wild boars' snout shapes are different.

A wild boar usually gives birth to about 4 – 6 piglets at a time. Piglets weigh from about 750 – 1000g when they are first born. They are fully weaned after 3 – 4 months. They begin eating solid foods such as worms and grubs after about 2 weeks.

Wild boar appears in European culture as symbol of warrior virtues. It also appears in Greek, Norse mythologies, vaishnavism, hinduism. 




Narasimha

Narasimha, according to Hinduism, was the fourth avatar of Vishnu. In this form, Vishnu had the body of a man, but he had a head of a lion. This avatar of Vishnu is also a symbol of great strength. 

The Hindu scriptures tell this story about Narashimha. There was a demon (a "daitya") named Hiranyakashipu. He was against all gods. But, his son named Prahlad used to worship the gods, especially Vishnu. Hiranyakashipu was not happy at his son and wanted to burn him to death. Hiranyakashipu also wanted to kill everyone who worshipped the gods and make everyone worship him instead. Vishnu became Narasimha, and protected Prahlad and other people who worshipped the gods by stopping Hiranyakashipu. Brahma had granted Hiranyakashipu a boon that kept him safe so that he could not be killed by a human, animal or deva. He also could not be killed in the day or night, or inside or outside of his palace. This made Hiranyakashipu believe that no one could kill him. When he wanted to kill his son for worshiping Vishnu, Vishnu came to earth incarnated as a half-man, half-lion creature (neither man nor human). This way Vishnu killed Hiranyakashipu in the twilight (neither day, nor night) and on the porch of the palace (neither inside, nor outside), without disrupting the boon given to him by Brahma. Now, Narasimha Jayanti is celebrated across the world.

Prahlada

Prahlada (), In Hinduism, was a prince who was very devoted to Vishnu. His father, Hiranyakashipu, was a powerful demon who wanted his son to worship him instead. But Prahlada refused, and he continued to worship Vishnu.
Hiranyakashipu tried to kill Prahlada many times, but Vishnu always protected him. Finally, Vishnu appeared in his Narasimha avatar, a half-man, half-lion form, and killed Hiranyakashipu.

Yuga

Hindus believe that there are periods of time called yugas ("ages" or "eras"): Satya Yuga, Treta Yuga, Dvapara Yuga, and Kali Yuga. When Kali Yuga ends, a new Satya Yuga begins.




Vamana

Hindus believe that Vishnu has many important avatars. The Vamana avatar was the fifth avatar. In this avatar, Vishnu was in the form of a human.Vamana avatar is basically in the form of a bramhin(a caste in hinduism which is responsible for ancient spiritual, cultural, educational activitiesand the highest in the Varnas) was taken for a demon king 'Bali'. Lord Vishnu in this avatar asked Bali to offer him 'three feet land' as a form of offering a king offered to a brahmin as a 

goodwill during ancient times in hindu culture. The story goes when king Bali captured the Adobe of hindu demigods and caused them a fierce battle. 'Aditi' - the mother figure of demigods in hinduism prayed to Lord Vishnu and pleased by her prayers, Lord Vishnu appeared and assured her a boon. In a thought of revenge , she wished that may Bali loose his whole wealth and power." 
Lord Vamana (lord Vishnu) when asked Bali for three feet land then Bali laughed and said "Brahamandeva (O Brahmin) you might have asked many luxurious things from me as dakshina but you asked such a menial thing of land of a three feet quantity?" After which Lord Vamana grew so large in size as his one feet could cover whole Earth and other whole heaven! That means, whole land property of Bali was under control of lord Vamana. As per Bali's oath, there was no more land to donate and one feet of lord was remaining. Bali asked lord about who is greater, the thing or who gives the thing? Lord answer was the donar or giver of the thing is greater than the thing. Then king Bali asked the Lord to keep his third feet on his (Bali) head! Pleased by this act of Bali lord promised him the rule of 'Patal' (the underEarth) and promised to protect Bali and his kingdom and slay whosoever disobeys Bali in patal. 
It is believed that for 3 day during 'savan'or rainy season , king Bali returns to Earth. These three days are celebrated as Onam in Indian state of 'kerala'. During this festival , the idols of lord Vishnu and king bali are made out of rice and worshiped. A famous boat race is also organised across kerala in honour of king Bali. The people from every faith in kerala celebrate this feast. It is a regional festival of Keralites.

Parashurama

Hindus believe that Lord Vishnu has many important Avatars. Parashurama, also known as Parashuram Avatar, was the sixth important avatar of Lord Vishnu. In this avatar, Lord Vishnu was in the form of a human. He came to Earth to stop Chakravarti Samrat Karthaveerya Arjuna for he had become evil due to his ego and non humility, and as he was very powerful and had the boon of being the embodiment of the Sudarshan Chakra, the gods weren't able to defeat him and all the kshatriyas had become evil under him. Parashurama was the son of sage Jamadagni, one of the Saptarishis (or Saptarshis) and a sage who was known for his temper. It is believed that Parashurama was Chiranjeevi, meaning he was immortal. He was a great devotee of Lord Shiva. Parshurama's mother, Renuka Devi was born of a Kshatriya but she became a Brahmin afterwards (this was before the castes or varna were decided by birth). 

Parashurama was born as Ramabhadra of the Bhargava Clan (headed by Bhrigu, one of the Manvantaras of Lord Brahma). He later gained the name of Parashurama when he obtained Mahakaal's Parashu (axe weapon) and lead the Devas to victory against the Asuras in a war in which the Devas were losing. 

Parashurama was the first Brahmakshatriya (both a Brahmin sage and a Kshatriya warrior) and probably the only one. He could cleave his mind into two parts, one who would fight in battle and other would conduct a yagna in the shared mind. 

He also played a vital role in Mahabharata, teaching Bheeshma, Dronacharya and Karna the art of war and weaponry and fought against Bheeshma to fulfil Amba's request to kill Bheeshma, though he failed to do so. 

Parashuram also had a disciple, Akritavrana (literally meaning "no injuries"). He also contained an amsha (part) of Mahavishnu in the form of a Agya Chakra on his forehead between his eyebrows. 

One of the interesting things about Parashurama was that, unlike the other Avatars of Lord Mahavishnu, he was not born an Avatar but instead, became an Avatar after he was born. This happened when he sparked the Amsha of Lord Mahavishnu inside him. He also had the blessings of the gods after he helped them win the Deva-Asura war, the blessings of Devi Chinnamasta, Bhadrakali, Shiva, Vishnu, Avadhuta Dattatreya and so on. 

He was a master of weapons and especially the Parashu and the bow he wields. His conch's name is Amritajit. Since he is immortal, he is believed to teach the art of weaponry and war to Kalki, the last Avatar of Lord Mahavishnu in this cycle who will end this cycle, ushering in a new era. 

Balarama

Hindus believe that Balram was the older brother of Krishna. Some Hindus believe that he is an avatar of Vishnu’s shesh naag. In this avatar, Shesh naag was in the form of a human.

Ba Ðình Square

Ba Đình Square (Vietnamese: Quảng Trường Ba Đình) is a place in the Vietnamese capital, Hà Nội. It is where Vietnamese President Hồ Chí Minh declared the independence of the Democratic Republic of Việt Nam from French imperialist rule on 2 September 1945, the same day that World War II ended. This is now where his mausoleum is.

Ho Chi Minh Mausoleum

The Hồ Chí Minh Mausoleum (Vietnamese: Lăng Hồ Chí Minh) is a large memorial to Vietnamese independence leader Hồ Chí Minh. It is located in Ba Ðình Square in Hà Nội. This is where his body is kept for people to pay their respects. President Hồ Chí Minh did not want a mausoleum at all. In his will, he said he wanted to be cremated and to have his ashes buried in the hills of the north, center, and south of Việt Nam. He said that he liked cremation because it was healthier than burial or a mausoleum and saved farmland. His successors did not let him have this wish. The government kept that part of his will secret. The government also pretended he died a day after he really did, because he really died on Independence Day and they did not tell anyone.

Many aspects of "Uncle Ho's" last will and testament were altered or, as stated above, ignored. In his last days he was surrounded by those who formed what is now Vietnam's political system, while those loyal to him and his wishes were systematically kept or chased away. Others were put on a bus and executed.

Meng Tian

Meng Tian (; ? - 210 BC ) was a Chinese general of the Qin Dynasty under Emperor Qin Shi Huang. His grandfather, Meng Ao, and his father, Meng Wu, were generals as well. After the unification of China, Emperor Qin Shi Huang ordered Meng Tian leading 300,000 armies to attack the Xiongnu and build the Great Wall of China. Meng Tian was forced by the eunuch, Zhao Gao, to kill himself by drinking poisonous wine after the death of Emperor Qin Shi Haung.

Kippah

A kippah (Hebrew) or yarmulke (Yiddish) is a small cloth cap worn by Jews. 
Traditionally it was worn only by men, but in modern times the push for equality between the sexes in the practice of Judaism has led some women to wear yarmulkes. Some Jews only wear yarmulkes while praying; others wear yarmulkes the entire day, making sure not to walk more than four cubits without head covering (especially outside).
The basis for wearing a head covering is a story in the Talmud (tractate Shabbat).

Often, the color and fabric of the "yarmulke" can be a sign of adherence to a specific religious movement. The Israeli National Religious community is often referred to by the name "kipot srugot" כיפות סרוגות, literally "woven yarmulkes". Similarly, some Haredi sects are referred to by the name "kipot shkhorot" כיפות שחורות, literally "black yarmulkes".

The etymology of "yarmulke" is unclear. Linguists (e.g. Max Vasmer) maintain that the Yiddish word is derived (via Russian or Polish) from the Turkic "", meaning 'raincoat'.

Traditionally, "yarmulke" is considered to have originated from the Aramaic phrase """" (in awe of the Lord), in keeping with the principle that the yarmulke is supposed to reflect someone's fear of heaven. Or perhaps, ""yira malkah"" (fear of the King).

Judeo-Arabic dialects

Judeo-Arabic languages are a collection of Arabic language dialects spoken by Jews living or formerly living in Arabic-speaking countries. Just as with the rest of the Arab world, Arabic-speaking Jews had different dialects for the different regions where they lived. Most Judæo-Arabic dialects were written in modified forms of the Hebrew alphabet, often including consonant dots from the Arabic alphabet to accommodate phonemes that did not exist in the Hebrew alphabet.

In retaliation for 1948 Arab-Israeli War, Jews in Arab countries became subject to increasingly insufferable discrimination and violence, causing virtually all of them to flee en masse to Israel. Their dialects of Arabic did not thrive in Israel, and most became extinct, replaced by the Modern Hebrew language.

In the Middle Ages, Jews in the Islamic diaspora spoke a dialect of Arabic, which they wrote in a mildly adapted Hebrew script (rather than using Arabic script).

This phenomenon is called Judaeo-Arabic and may be compared to both Ladino (Judaeo-Spanish) and Yiddish (Judaeo-German).

Some of the most important books of medieval Jewish though were originally written in Judaeo-Arabic, as well as certain halakhic works and biblical commentary. Only later were they translated into medieval scientific Hebrew so that they could be read by the Ashkenazic Jews of Europe. These include:


The Clangers

The Clangers is a British children's television series. The first episode was broadcast on the BBC on 16 November 1969. The series is about a family of aliens who live under the surface of the Moon in caves. They looked like small, pink, knitted mice. Other characters include the Froglets and The Soup Dragon, a dragon that gives out soup. The family uses a US flag as a table cloth.


London Borough of Hammersmith and Fulham

The London Borough of Hammersmith and Fulham is a London borough in West London but is part of an area called Inner London. House prices are more expensive than most parts of England. The borough has three famous football teams: Fulham F.C., Queens Park Rangers F.C. and Chelsea F.C.

1 E9 m²

1 E9 m² is a term used to group together areas of similar size. It is used for places that are between 1,000 km² and 10,000 km² in area. The term is based from the scientific notation for 1 x 10m².










1 E8 m²

1 E8 m² is used for places that are between 100 km² and 1000 km² in area. The term is based from the scientific notation for 1 x 10m².



1 E7 m²

1 E7 m² is a term used to group together areas of similar size. It is used for places that are between 10 km² (1,000 hectares) and 100 km² (10,000 hectares) in area. The term is based from the scientific notation for 1 x 10m².



Athletics at the Summer Olympics

Athletics, known as Track and Field in the United States, has been contested at every Summer Olympics since the birth of the modern Olympic movement at the 1896 Summer Olympics.

No new events have been added to the men's athletics programme since 1952 when the short racewalk was added. The roster of events has not changed since then, with the exception of the omission of the long racewalk in 1976. The long racewalk is the only event held for men but not included on the women's programme.

A total of 52 different events have been held in the men's competition. The current list has 24 events. 

Many of the discontinued events were similar to modern ones but at different lengths, especially in the steeplechasing, hurdling, and racewalking disciplines. 

Team racing events were only run in the six early editions of the Games. 

The athletic multi-discipline "triathlon" (3 events) and "pentathlon" (5 events) have been replaced by the 10 event "decathlon", and the medley relay replaced by relay races where each section is the same length as the others. 

Standing jump competitions are no longer held, nor are the various modified throwing events which were experimented with in 1908 and 1912.


1968 Summer Olympics

The 1968 Summer Olympics, officially known as the Games of the XIX Olympiad, were held in Mexico City in 1968. Mexico City beat out bids from Detroit, Buenos Aires and Lyon to host the Games in 1963. The Games were preceded by the Tlatelolco massacre, in which hundreds of students were killed by security forces ten days before the opening day. It is the only Games ever held in Latin America, and it was the second ever outside of Western Europe, Australia, or the USA.


Sima Qian

Sima Qian () was the historian of the Han Dynasty under Emperor Wu. He was born at Xia Yang (present-day Shan Xi Province, Han City) in either 145 or 135 BC. His father, Sima Tan, was also a historian.

When Sima Qian was 10, he could read the articles which were written in Classical Chinese.

He travelled around China and visited a plenty of scenic attractions and heritages when he was 20.

In 108 BC, with the death of Sima Qian's father, he carried on the job of being a historian.

In 104 BC, Sima Qian finished editing Taichu Calendar with the imperial officials, Tang Du and Luo Xiahong.

In 99 BC, Sima Qian got involved in the Li Ling Affair. He was punished and sent to prison. Sima Qian would be sentenced to death if he could not pay a fine or accept the terrible punishment - castration. With the fact that Sima Qian did not have enough money to pay the fine and he hoped to finish writing the Records of the Grand Historian, he accepted the castration. Sima Qian finally spent 19 years to write that book.

Sima Qian died in 86 BC.

Gymnastics at the 1972 Summer Olympics

Gymnastics at the 1972 Summer Olympics had 14 events: 6 for women and 8 for men. The competition was held from August 27 to September 1 at the Sports Hall in Munich.

The scoring in the team competition event and in event finals was the same, as for gymnastics events at the previous Olympics. But in the all-around the scoring system became similar to that of event finals: for the all-around a gymnast showed their skills once more on each of the apparatuses; to get the "Total" value for the all-around performance, marks in the team competition were added together, the result was divided by two ("Prelim" value) and added to the sum of marks for all-around routines ("Final" value). 

"C" stands for "Compulsory exercises" and "O" stands for "Optional exercises". 

"Prelim" mark is the value from the "Score" column of the team competition table, divided by two.

"Prelim" value is the sum of two marks for compulsory and optional routine in the team competition on the respective apparatus, divided by two.

"C" stands for "Compulsory exercises" and "O" stands for "Optional exercises". 

"Prelim" mark is the value from the "Score" column of the team competition table, divided by two.

"Prelim" value is the sum of two marks for compulsory and optional routine on the respective apparatus in the team competition, divided by two.

Note:country names are given in the form they were used in the official documents of the IOC in 1972.


Rowing at the 1980 Summer Olympics

Rowing at the 1980 Summer Olympics was represented by 14 events. It took place in the "Man-made Basin", located at the "Trade Unions Olympic Sports Centre" (Krylatskoye district, Moscow). The rowing schedule began on 20 July and ended on 27 July.

Due to the American-led boycott some strong rowing nations were not present. In that situation East Germany dominated the competition: they won 14 medals, including 11 golds, from 14 events.

Note:country names are given in the form they were used in the official documents of the IOC in 1980.

Coxless pair

In rowing, a coxless pair consists of a pair of rowers, each having one oar, one on the stroke side (rower's right hand side) and one on the bow side (rower's lefthand side). As the name suggests, there is no cox on such a boat, and the two rowers must co-ordinate steering and the proper timing of oar strokes between themselves.

79

79 is a year in the 1st century.


1976 Summer Olympics

The 1976 Summer Olympics, officially known as the Games of the XXI Olympiad, were held in 1976 in Montreal, Quebec, Canada. Montreal was awarded the rights to the 1976 Games in May 1970, over the bids of Moscow and Los Angeles. Moscow would later host the 1980 Summer Olympics, and Los Angeles would later host the 1984 Summer Olympics.

Twenty-nine countries boycotted the Games due to the refusal of the IOC to ban New Zealand, after the New Zealand national rugby union team had toured South Africa earlier in 1976. The boycott was led by Congolese official Jean-Claude Ganga. Some of the boycotting nations (including Morocco, Cameroon and Egypt) had already participated, however, and withdrew after the first few days. Senegal and Ivory Coast were the only African countries that competed throughout the duration of the Games. Elsewhere, Afghanistan, Albania, Burma, El Salvador, Iraq, Guyana, Sri Lanka and Syria also opted to join the Congolese-led boycott. South Africa had been banned from the Olympics since 1964 due to its apartheid policies. Other countries, such as El Salvador and Zaire, did not participate in Montreal for purely economic reasons. Seychelles did not participate in Montreal beacause their National Olympic Committee was not created and recognized by the IOC. Malta was the only country to boycott both the 1956 and 1976 Games.

An unrelated boycott of the Montreal Games was the main issue between the Republic of China (ROC) and the People's Republic of China (PRC). The ROC team withdrew from the games when Canada's Liberal government under Pierre Trudeau told it that the name "Republic of China" was not permissible at the Games because Canada had officially recognized the PRC in 1970. Canada attempted a compromise by allowing the ROC the continued use of its national flag and anthem in the Montreal Olympic activities; the ROC refused. In 1979 the IOC established in the Nagoya Resolution that the PRC agreed to participate in IOC activities if the Republic of China was referred to as "Chinese Taipei". Another boycott would occur before the ROC would accept the provisions of the 1979 Resolution although the reason that so many other countries boycotted were not all the same as the ROC.

1960 Winter Olympics

The 1960 Winter Olympics, officially known as the VIII Olympic Winter Games, were held in 1960 in Squaw Valley, California, United States (in the Lake Tahoe basin). Squaw Valley won the bid in 1955.

Alexander Cushing, the creator of the resort, campaigned vigorously to win the Games. After being awarded the Games, there was a rush to construct roads, hotels, restaurants, and bridges, as well as the ice arena, the speed skating track, ski lifts, and the ski jumping hill.

1984 Winter Olympics

The 1984 Winter Olympics, officially known as the XIV Olympic Winter Games, were held in Sarajevo, Yugoslavia. (Sarajevo is now in Bosnia and Herzegovina.) Other candidate cities were Sapporo, Japan and Falun, Sweden. It was the first Winter Games and the second Olympics held in Eastern Europe (the first was the 1980 Summer Olympics in Moscow).


1988 Winter Olympics

The 1988 Winter Olympics, officially known as the XV Olympic Winter Games, were held in Calgary, Alberta, Canada and opened by Governor General Jeanne Sauvé. The Olympics were highly successful financially as they brought in million-dollar profits. The games left a lasting impression on the host city and gave it a new identity from a cowtown to a large commercial sector of the country.

1988 was also the last year that the Paralympic Games and the Winter Olympics were held in separate cities. All Games after the 1988 Winter Olympics have been hosted by the same city or a city nearby.

The Canadian team did not win a gold medal during the 1988 Winter Olympics, similar to how the Canadian team did not win one during the 1976 Summer Olympics in Montreal. At the time, Canada and Yugoslavia were the only countries that had not won a gold medal when their country hosted the Olympics. (However, Canada would later win a gold medal when the 2010 Winter Olympics were hosted in Vancouver.)

Calgary first tried for the Olympics in 1964, and again in 1968.


Records of the Grand Historian

The Records of the Grand Historian () was written by Sima Qian, the historian of the Han Dynasty. It is a book recording Chinese history from the time of 3 Sovereigns and 5 Emperors until the reign of Emperor Wu of Han.

Football at the Summer Olympics

Football (soccer) has been included in every Summer Olympic Games except 1896 and 1932 as a men's competition sport. Women's football was added to the official program at the 1996 Atlanta edition.

Football was not in the original modern Olympic Games program as international football was not that popular in 1896. However an unofficial football tournament was organised during the first competition. Complete records have been lost and may not even be true but it seems that only two games may have been played. An Athens XI lost to a team representing Smyrna (Izmir), then part of the Ottoman Empire. Smyrna went on to be beaten 15-0 by a team from Denmark. Demonstration tournaments were played at the 1900 and 1904 games and the "Intercalated Games" of 1906, but these were contested by various clubs and scratch teams, and are not considered to be official Olympic events. Neither FIFA nor the IOC recognize the Intercalated Games. The first proper tournament is said to be in the 1908 Olympics, organized by the Football Association. It had 6 teams. The next tournament was organized by the Swedish Football Association in 1912. However, the tournament was very unbalanced, with some high scoring games such as 10-0 and 12-0, and all of the players were amateurs. The tournaments of 1924 and 1928 are the two only editions officially recognised by FIFA as championships of the world.

For the 1984 Olympics, the IOC admitted professional players.

Since the 1992 Barcelona Olympics, all teams have to be under-23 years old. Since 1996, three over 23 players are allowed.

A women's edition was added in 1996. The women's tournament has no age restrictions, unlike the men's tournament.

1976 Winter Olympics

The 1976 Winter Olympics, officially known as the XII Olympic Winter Games, were held in 1976 in Innsbruck, Austria. The games were originally awarded to Denver, Colorado, United States in May 1970, but a 300 percent rise in costs and worries about environmental impact led to voters' rejection of a $5 million bond issue to finance the games in 1972. As a result, the IOC offered the games to Whistler, British Columbia (Canada), who had bid on the games, but they also declined due to a change of government there. (Whistler would go on to be associated with neighbouring Vancouver's successful bid for the 2010 Winter Olympics.) The IOC finally called on Innsbruck, which had hosted the 1964 Winter Games just twelve years earlier, to also host the 1976 games. Salt Lake City, Utah, which would eventually host in 2002, offered itself as a potential host after the withdrawal of Denver. The IOC declined.


Gymnastics at the Summer Olympics

Gymnastics has been contested at every Summer Olympic Games since the birth of the modern Olympic movement at the 1896 Summer Olympics. For thirty years, only men were allowed to compete. Women's events were introduced at the 1928 Summer Olympics in Amsterdam. The competition was held in artistic gymnastics discipline until 1984, when rhythmic gymnastics discipline was added to the program of the Olympics. Since 2000, trampolining discipline has also been competed. 

Biathlon

Biathlon (not to be confused with duathlon) is a term used to describe any sporting event made up of two disciplines. However, biathlon usually refers specifically to the winter sport that combines cross-country skiing and rifle shooting. Another popular variant is summer biathlon, which combines cross-country running with riflery.

Biathlon's two sports disciplines:

Other multi-discipline sports (otherwise unrelated to biathlon):


1972 Summer Olympics

The 1972 Summer Olympics, officially known as the Games of the XX Olympiad, were held in Munich, West Germany (in what is now Germany), from 26 August to 11 September 1972. Munich won its Olympic bid in April 1966 over the cities of Detroit, Michigan, USA; Madrid, Spain; and Montreal, Canada. The 1972 Summer Olympics are one of 2 Olympic Games that had a significant criminal incident — the Munich massacre, in which a group of Palestinian terrorists kidnapped and killed several Israeli athletes. (The other Olympics with a significant criminal event was the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta, Georgia, USA — the Centennial Olympic Park bombing). A movie about the Israeli response to this was made called Munich.



Royal borough

Royal Boroughs are districts in the United Kingdom that have been given this special title because they had special links with the British royal family.

Emperor Wu of Jin

Emperor Wu of Jin (; 236 - 290) was the founder of Western Jin Dynasty. His name was Sima Yan. He was born in Henei (now Henan Province). His father was Sima Zhao and Sima Yi was his grandfather. They were the imperial officials of Wei Dynasty and seized control over the imperial court. In 265 AD, Sima Yan forced Emperor Cao Huan to abdicate. In 280 AD, he conquered Eastern Wu and unified China.

John Couch Adams

John Couch Adams (5 June 1819 – 21 January 1892), was an English mathematician and astronomer. Adams was born in Laneast, Cornwall and died in Cambridge. He was famous for co-discovering the planet Neptune.


Pygmy peoples

Pygmy is a word that describes several ethnic groups with unusually short people. According to anthropologists, pygmies can be any group where adult men are less than tall on average. The best known pygmies are the Aka, Efé and Mbuti of central Africa. There are also pygmies in Australia, Thailand, Malaysia, Indonesia, the Philippines, Papua New Guinea, and Brazil. The Negritos of Southeast Asia are also called pygmies.

The word "pygmy" is sometimes thought to be pejorative (an insult). It is, however, the only word that is used to call "all" African Midgets.

The name "pygmy" comes from the Greek word ("pygmaios"). This word was derived from (came from) the word which is the length between a person's elbow and knuckles. The Latin word (pl. "pygmaei") came from this older Greek word.

The word was first used in Greek mythology by the poet Homer. He wrote about a tribe of dwarfs called "Pygmies" who lived in India and Ethiopia.

There are a number of theories to explain why pygmies are so short. It has been proved that their height is hereditary, and is passed on from parents to children. It may have evolved because of the low ultraviolet light found in rainforests, where many pygmies live. This would mean that the pygmies would make less vitamin D in their skin. Vitamin D helps the body absorb calcium, which is important for bones to grow. Since the pygmies would get less calcium, they would have smaller bones and skeletons.

There are other explanations for why pygmies are so short. Some explanations are: 
Some research shows that the genes for the growth hormone receptor and growth hormone are found much less in pygmies than in related tribes. These genes are important for humans to grow tall.

Pygmies can be found in Rwanda, Burundi, Uganda, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, the Central African Republic, Cameroon, Equatorial Guinea, Gabon, Angola, Botswana, Namibia, and Zambia. Most of these groups are partly hunter-gatherers. They get food from the environment and trade it with nearby farmers. From the farmers they get crops and tools. There are about 250,000-600,000 Pygmies living in the Congo rainforest.

There are a number of Pygmy groups living in Africa. The three best-known groups are the Mbenga, Mbuti, and Twa groups. Each big group includes several tribes that have their own language.

The Mbenga people, sometimes called the "Ba-Mbenga", live in the western Congo basin. The Mbenga include the Aka people, who speak the Aka language. The Aka live in the Central African Republic and the Republic of Congo. The M-Benzélé people, or "western Aka", and the Ba-Sese people, "eastern Aka", are also related.

Other Mbenga pygmies are the Baka people of Cameroon, Gabon, and Republic of Congo. They speak three very similar languages: Baka language, Ganzi language, and Gundi language. Another group of Mbenga pygmies are the Gyele people. The Gyele live in Cameroon and speak Gyele language.

The Mbuti people, sometimes called the "Bambuti", live in the Ituri rainforest in eastern Democratic Republic of the Congo. They include the Efé people, Asua people, and the Kango people. The Efé speak the Efé language. The Asua speak the Asoa language. The Kango speak the Kango language.

The Twa people, or "Ba-Twa", live in Rwanda, Burundi, Democratic Republic of the Congo, and Uganda. The Twa speak Kirundi and Kinyarwanda.


Itihasa

In Sanskrit, Itihasa means history. For Hindus, an Itihasa is a story that tells about what happened in the past in the land of India. Itihasas are usually epic poems. The important itihasas to Hindus are the Ramayana and the Mahabharata. Modern excavations and archaeological evidence are slowly beginning to prove these Indian epics as actual history. 

The original meaning of Iithasa had a more precise connotation than the word History.It means ‘thus indeed, in this tradition’ . One of the earliest references to Itihaasa in the literature of antiquity is in Chanakyas’s Arthashastra. He defines Itihaasa, in the syllabus prescribed for training of a Prince, with the following words;

Puraana (the chronicles of the ancient), Itivrtta (history), Akhyayika (tales), Udaaharana (illustrative stories), Dharmashastra (the canon of Righteous conduct), and Arthashastra (the science of Government) are called Itihaasah. History in this definition takes on the meaning of Historiography and is perhaps even more eclectic and appears to include political science and History as we use them today. 

The quintessential quote is that of Kalhana in the Rajatarangini,12th century CE (1147 to 1149 CE) who is regarded as a modern in Indian parlance: 

History will be the narration of events as they happened, in the form of a story, which will be an advice to the reader to be followed in life, to gain the purusaarthas namely Kama the satiation of desires through Artha the tool, by following the path of Dharma the human code of conduct to gain Moksha or liberation. 

Bhakti yoga

Bhakti yoga is a Hindu spiritual practice. People constantly pray to, and think about, a form of a Hindu god, usually Vishnu.
Bhakti is a Sanskrit term. It signifies an attitude of devotion to God. The relation between man and God is imagined as a beloved-lover, friend-friend, parent-child, and master-servant. The Bhakta worships his chosen God by any of these mentalities.

The Bhagavata Purana teaches nine primary forms of bhakti. They are:

International Society for Krishna Consciousness

The International Society for Krishna Consciousness (ISKCON) is a newer religious movement based on the original Vedic culture of ancient India. It is also known as 'the Hare Krishna' movement. It was founded in 1966 in New York City by A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami Prabhupada. The organization's core beliefs are based on three scriptures, Bhagavad Gita, Srimad Bhagavatam and the Caitanya-caritamrita.

Hare Krishna

Hare Krishna is a mantra. It is also known as Maha Mantra. The mantra was made well known even outside Hinduism by the International Society for Krishna Consciousness. The mantra can be found in many Hinduist traditions in India. Those who believe in it think that when the mantra is heard, spoken, used for meditation or sung this can lead to a higher state of consciousness. According to Gaudiya Vaishnava theology, this higher consciousness takes the form of pure love of God (Krishna). The mantra is contained in the texts of Hinduism known as the Upanishads, which are considered by some scholars to have roots in the Vedic past. 

A. C. Bhaktivedanta Swami Prabhupada

A. C. Bhaktivedanta Swami Prabhupada, also known as Srila Prabhupada (September 1, 1896–November 14, 1977) was the person who created the ISKCON movement.

Puranas

In the Sanskrit language, purana means story of ancient times. For Hindus, a purana is a scripture that tells what happened in ancient times. Puranas tell about history, ancient Indian traditions, and what Hindus believe. It is basically in Sanskrit and Tamil languages.

Mahapurana means Great Story of Ancient Times in Sanskrit.


Patti LaBelle

Patti LaBelle (born Patricia Louise Holte on May 24, 1944) is an American R&B and Soul singer. She is known for her high vocal belting (using the chest to make high pitch sounds). She is known for such songs as "New Attitude" and "On My Own".

She was the lead singer of Patty La Belle and the Bluebells during the 1960s and 70s. Later the group was known as simply "Labell". In this later group the style was more laid back, singing hits like The Rolling Stones' "Wild Horses".

Whitney Houston

Whitney Elizabeth Houston (August 9, 1963 – February 11, 2012) was an American singer and actress. Known as The Voice, she is regarded as one of the most significant cultural icons of all time and often ranked as the greatest singer of all time. Houston is the most awarded female artist of all time and among the best-selling recording artists of all time, with sales of over 300 million records worldwide.

Her first two studio albums, "Whitney Houston" (1985) and "Whitney" (1987), both peaked at number one on the Billboard 200 and are among the best-selling albums of all time. She is the only artist to have seven consecutive number-one singles on the US Billboard Hot 100 chart, from "Saving All My Love for You" in 1985 to "Where Do Broken Hearts Go" in 1988.

Houston made her acting debut with the romantic thriller movie "The Bodyguard" (1992). She recorded six songs for the movie's soundtrack, including "I Will Always Love You", which won the Grammy Award for Record of the Year and became the best-selling physical single by a female in music history. It won the Grammy Award for Album of the Year and remains the best-selling soundtrack album of all time. Houston starred and recorded soundtracks for two other high-profile movies, Waiting to Exhale (1995) and The Preacher's Wife (1996). The latter's soundtrack became the best-selling gospel album of all time.

On February 11, 2012, Houston was found dead at the Beverly Hilton in Beverly Hills, California. News of her death coincided with the 2012 Grammy Awards and was featured prominently in international media. Houston was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 2020.

Whitney Elizabeth Houston was born at Newark Beth Israel Medical Center in Newark, New Jersey. She was the second child of Army serviceman and entertainment executive John Russell Houston, Jr. and gospel singer Cissy Houston. Dionne and Dee Dee Warwick are her cousins.

Whitney began singing at a young age in gospel music at church, being influenced by her mother. She was described as having an impressive ranging spinto soprano voice. In 1983, she was discovered by an Arista Records representative and signed to the label.

Houston released her first album, "Whitney Houston", in 1985. It featured the number-one singles "Saving All My Love for You", "Greatest Love of All", and "How Will I Know". Her second album, "Whitney", was released in 1987 and featured the number-one hits "I Wanna Dance with Somebody" and "So Emotional". In 1990, her album "I'm Your Baby Tonight" was released, and the song of the same name also reached number one on the US "Billboard" Hot 100, as did the single "All the Man That I Need". She sang the National Anthem at the 1991 Super Bowl and earned widespread praise for the performance. She starred in the film "The Bodyguard" in 1992 and performed several songs on its soundtrack, one of which was a cover of country singer-songwriter Dolly Parton's song, "I Will Always Love You". The song became Houston's biggest hit of her career and reached number one in countries around the world. Houston sat throughout much of the music video for "I Will Always Love You" because she was pregnant with her daughter, Bobbi Kristina Brown. "I Will Always Love You" became the bestselling song by a female artist, with the soundtrack for "The Bodyguard" becoming the bestselling film soundtrack ever. She performed with singer-songwriter Mariah Carey on the song "When You Believe" for the film "The Prince of Egypt".

Houston released albums "My Love Is Your Love", "Just Whitney...", and "I Look to You" in 1998, 2002, and 2009, respectively. She also appeared in the film "Sparkle" alongside singer Jordin Sparks.

Whitney Houston has earned six Grammy Awards and seven number-one songs in a row on the "Billboard" Hot 100. She had a total of 11 "Billboard" Hot 100 number-ones, placing her in fourth place for women behind Mariah Carey (18 number-ones), Rihanna (14), and Madonna and The Supremes (12 each). She is the most-awarded female artist of all time.

Whitney Houston has also been inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 2020.

Houston married Bobby Brown in 1992. In 1993, they had a daughter, Bobbi Kristina Brown. In a 2009 interview, Houston indicated the marriage was both passionate and turbulent. Their marital relationship was marred by drug use and by Brown's professional jealousy, psychological abuse, and physical confrontations. The couple divorced in 2007.

On the night of February 11, 2012, at the age of 48, she was found dead in her guest room at The Beverly Hilton in Beverly Hills, California. The official coroner's report stated that she had accidentally drowned in the bath. Atherosclerotic heart disease and cocaine use were listed as contributing factors. Her funeral was televised.


Kami (disambiguation)

Kami (神) is a Japanese word for any of several gods, spirits, or the God of Abrahamic religions.


Folklore

Folklore is part of the culture of a group of people. It may include stories, music, dance, legends, oral history, proverbs, jokes, and popular beliefs. This also includes the oral traditions of that culture. The academic study of folklore is sometimes called "folkloristics". Folkloristics is often ethnographic. A Folktale or folk tale is a story from the oral literature of a people.

Little Red Riding Hood is a famous folktale in European culture. 

Inari

Inari may mean:


Oni

Oni may refer to:

ONI may stand for:

Kappa

Kappa (uppercase/lowercase Κ κ) is the letter of the Greek alphabet used to represent the "k" sound in Ancient and Modern Greek. In the system of Greek numerals, it has a value of 20. Letters that came from it include the Roman K and Cyrillic К.

The letter κ always stands for the sound "k" in Greek. It is customary to transliterate (re-write) κ as "c" in English, but this is somewhat problematic since c is pronounced as "s" before e, i and y (which does not happen in Greek).

In mathematics, the lowercase formula_1 is used to represent the curvature of a curve, while the uppercase Κ is used to represent an ordinal number which is also a cardinal number.


Kappa (disambiguation)

Kappa may be:


Kappa may be short for:


Văn Cao

Văn Cao (born Nguyễn Văn Cao; 15 November 1923 – 10 July 1995) was a famous Vietnamese composer. He wrote the Vietnamese national anthem, "". He, along with Pham Duy and Trinh Cong Son, is widely considered one of the three most important people in modern (non-classical) Vietnamese music.

Kojiki

Kojiki or "Furukotofumi" (), also called in English the "Records of Ancient Matters", is the oldest book known in Japan. It was written 712 CE, and dedicated to Empress Gemmei. The Kojiki is a book about Japanese mythology (Shinto), legends, songs, genealogies, oral traditions, and semi-historical accounts down to 641 BCE. The book mixes the legends of first emperor of Japan and several others with stories about the gods. Therefore, it is difficult to know which parts of the Kojiki are real and which parts are legend. According to legend, all the emperors of Japan are descended from Amaterasu, the sun goddess.

The Kojiki is written in Chinese, but the way the Japanese wrote it is by using the pronunciation of the Chinese characters and not the meanings of them. In other words, a person who can read Chinese will not be able to read the Kojiki unless they also know how to speak Japanese. It includes many Japanese names and some phrases.

The Kojiki is divided into three parts: the , the and the .






Hindu philosophy

There are mainly six branches of Hindu Philosophy. These six schools of philosophy have been the result of ancient Indian thought and usually termed as "Sad Darsana". These are:

Among the above six schools of Hindu Philosophy, Vedanta is by far very popular. The Vedanta accepts the authority of the knowledge portions of the Vedas, called Upanishads.

Guru

In the Sanskrit language, guru means teacher. Eastern religions, such as Hinduism, Jainism, Buddhism, Sikhism and newer movements such as Transcendental Meditation use "guru" as a title. They give it to a teacher (or guide) of religious matters. 

In Western usage, any person who has followers may be called a guru, even if he is followed for things other than religion or philosophy. A person with knowledge or expertise may be called a guru if he influences by personal teaching. Modern terms which have a rather similar meaning are mentor and tutor.

Many Hindus have a satguru as well.The word "guru" means the one who removes the darkness from our heart. Satguru means true guru or true teacher. The title means that his students know that the guru can be trusted and will lead them to enlightenment. A satguru is a great soul who has realized God and is able to lead others along the path. God shines out from the satguru more brightly than from other people because he is very pure and enlightened. The satguru is devoted full time to religious life, is unmarried and has given up all possessions, personal life, family and friends. He has received an initiation from his satguru that gives him great spiritual power and authority. He can teach parents how to raise children, adults how to avoid problems and overcome any challenge in life, and in general he can make people feel close to God.


Moksha

Moksha is the final goal of personal spiritual development for some schools of Hinduism. It is similar to the word Nirvana in Buddhism. In the Sanskrit language, "moksha" means freedom. It is as a state of eternal bliss and emptiness. According to Vedanta, life is a repeating cycle of birth, death, and rebirth into a physical universe. Hindu scriptures describe Moksha as a liberation from this cycle and the achievement of an eternal and blissful emptiness that is above all of the happiness, pain, and sorrow of the physical body or corporeal life. It is the goal of Hindu practitioners to achieve Moksha (to be free from the material world) through the practice of Yoga viz Jnana Yoga (knowledge), Karma Yoga (work), and Bhakti Yoga (through reciting prayers and worshipping God). 

Moksha is a Vedic term. Scholars don't agree in the specific relationship between the Moksha of Vedanta Hinduism and the Nirvana of Buddhism, but there is agreement that they are closely related historically and philosophically. Similarities can be found between Moksha and some concepts found in the Upanishads. Hindu texts explain the Moksha as Saccidānanda [True blissfulness of soul by separating the soul from the physical body by practising Dhyan and Yoga]. Moksha originates from the Sanskrit word, moksa.

In short, moksha represents something which is beyond understanding; too great and too amazing, to be truly understood, it can only be understand when one reaches moksha. 
For a more comprehensive explanation of this topic read these books:
Moksha is the ultimate goal of a person to get liberated from the cycle of birth and death.


Caste

The caste system is a system in India that was once mainly used by Hindus. This system has been generally accepted for about 3000 years. There are four castes in this system, and one outcast group regarded as "untouchables". There are also castes in countries other than India as the system spread to South Asia about 2000 years ago. For centuries, this system has dictated one's marriages, geographical location, and occupation. People must not marry someone from another caste, and they must not do things that another caste does. The Indian government today works to decrease this discrimination with the quotas set in government jobs in 1950.


Brahmin

Brahmin is one of the part of four varnas in Hinduism. Brahmins are the highest and most respected among people. In ancient India people who read the complete Upanishad Brahmanak were called Brahmins

The caste system classified people by jobs. The people in this caste were mostly priests and dramatists in the Aryan society. The Brahmins arranged prayers and rituals. Parashurama was one of the well known Brahmin by birth, but throughout his life, he was a warrior whose job was to protect Dharma. Parshurama is also Creator Father of Bhumihar Brahman and Bhumihar Thakur, Bhumihar's are also known as Parashurama Brahman & Bramhkshatriya. Most Brahmins practice vegetarianism. An old tradition is that Brahmin Men pulled there foreskin back since childhood, with an Glansring, because of became clean in this part 

There are many subgroups in Brahmins based on demography. Rishiswar, Sanadhya, Kanyakubj, Telang, Saryupareen, Bhumihar, Goswami, Tyagi, and Saraswati are the main streams of Brahmin. Across the subcontinent, other Brahmins are also believed to have switched from the traditional duties of Brahmins in favor of military and administrative ones. In other parts of the subcontinent, outside of Punjab and the Gandhara region, they have been known as the Tyagi Brahman and "brahma-kshatriya" groups. These groups also claim to have descended from the Parshuram Tyagi Brahmans of Haryana and West Uttar Pradesh; traditionally, they have a close relationship and brotherhood with Mohyals.

Some Mohyal Brahmins migrated eastward and became as some sub-divisions of Bhumihar Brahmins, some of whom are also descendants of Hussaini Brahmins and mourn the death of Imam Hussain.[7] Bhumihar Brahmins and Tyagi/ Mohyal Brahmins have an affinity and brotherhood for each other. The  Bhumihar Brahmins, of whom many, though not all, belong to the Saryupareen Brahmin division of Kanyakubja Brahmins.In Kerala Ezhavathy is also a Mohyal community.[8]

The Brahmanas of the Vedic period were regarded as the most knowledgeable people and the best of best in all arts. Therefore, not all Hindus worship other Gods.

In Tamil Nadu, The Iyers and Iyengars are well known Brahmin communities. Iyers are mostly worshippers of Shiva and the Iyengars are Vaishnavites.

Kshatriya

Kshatriya is a division of the caste system in Hinduism. A "kshatriya" is a warrior, ruler, politician, or administrative worker.

There are 3 lineages of Kshatriyas:-

However, there is one more lineage (not mentioned in any Puranas) - Nagavanshi (snake-born), who claims descent from the Nagas.

Vaishya

Vaishya is a division of the caste system. A vaishya is a trader, merchant or artisan.

Shudra

Shudra is a division of the caste system. A shudra is considered a servant or peasant. Shudra and Ati-shudra indicates the bottom most ranks in the Indian caste system. 

Mahatma Jyotirao Phule set out the history of shudra-ati-shudra communities in his book "Gulamgiri." He drew the attention to the exploitation of Shudras, Ati-shudras, and women etc. At this time, most prefer not even to touch such castes. 

Jnana yoga

In Hinduism, Jnana Yoga is the yoga or practice of knowledge. Jyâna in Sanskrit means "knowledge".

In the Bhagavad Gita Krishna says that jyâna consists of properly understanding "kshetra" (the field of activity—that is, the body) and "kshetra-jna" (the knower of the body—that is, the soul). Krishna emphasizes one must understand the difference between these two. "Those who see with eyes of knowledge the difference between the body and the knower of the body, and can also understand the process of liberation from bondage in material nature, attain to the supreme goal."

Atharvaveda

The Atharva Veda (Atharvaveda) is the fourth Veda, one of the Hindu scriptures. There are a number of Upanishads in this Veda. Ganapathy, Narayana, Devi, Atharva Siropanishaths are part of Atharva Veda. Bhavanopanisath is also in Atharva Veda. Sankaracharya established Joshimath in Kedarnath one of the four popal centres of Hinduism to flourish The Atharva Veda.

London Borough of Tower Hamlets

The London Borough of Tower Hamlets is a London Borough a bit east of the City of London and north of the River Thames.

Victoria Park is one of the most important parks. It has a canal running through it and lots people like to walk their dogs.

Uriah Heep

Uriah Heep are an English hard rock band. They formed in December 1969.



E-book

An electronic book (also called an e-book, ebook or digital book) is a book in digital form. E-books can be read on computers or other electronic devices such as e-book readers. E-book readers, such as the Amazon Kindle, the Kobo eReader and the are devices which are dedicated to showing e-books.

The first e-book might have been the Index Thonisticus, a heavily annotated electronic index to the works of Thomas Aquinas made by Roberto Busa in the late 1940s. However, this is sometimes not called an ebook because the digital text was (at least at first) meant to develop an index and concordance, rather than as a published edition in its own right.

Despite the extensive earlier history, it is commonly reported that the inventor of the e-book is Michael S. Hart. In 1971, Hart was given extensive computer time by the operators of the Xerox Sigma V mainframe at the University of Illinois. He created his first electronic document by typing the United States Declaration of Independence into a computer.

One early e-book was the desktop prototype for a proposed notebook computer, the Dynabook, in the 1970s at the Palo Alto Research Center: a general-purpose portable personal computer capable of displaying books for reading.

In 1992, Sony launched the Data Discman, an electronic book reader that could read e-books that were stored on CDs. One of the electronic publications that could be played on the Data Discman was called The Library of the Future.

Early e-books were generally written for specialty areas and a limited audience, meant to be read only by small and devoted interest groups. The scope of the subject matter of these e-books included technical manuals for hardware, manufacturing techniques and other subjects. In the 1990s, the general availability of the Internet made transferring electronic files much easier, including e-books.

The current eBook standard is the file. There are other proprietary formats like .MOBI, AZW, IBA and PDF.




Church–Turing thesis

The Church-Turing thesis (also known as Church's thesis, Church's conjecture and Turing's thesis) is a statement about computers. It says that a very simple kind of computer now named a “Turing machine” is able to compute all computable functions. The Church-Turing thesis is linked to Gödel's incompleteness theorems. 
When a programming language is able to do what a Turing machine can do, that language is called Turing complete. If a problem is solvable in one such language, then it is solvable in all of those. 

London Borough of Brent

The London Borough of Brent is a London borough in north-west London and is part of Greater London. It is known for landmarks such as Wembley Stadium, the Neasden Temple and the Kiln Theatre. It also contains the Welsh Harp reservoir and the Park Royal commercial estate. The local authority is Brent London Borough Council.
Brent's population is estimated to be 339,800. Major areas are Kilburn, Willesden, Wembley, and Harlesden. Stonebridge, Kingsbury, Kensal Green, Neasden, and Kenton being the smaller areas.

London Borough of Ealing

The London Borough of Ealing is a London borough in West London, it is part of Greater London. It includes the town of Ealing, famous for the Ealing Studios, a movie studio.

Tamamo-no-Mae

Tamamo-no-Mae (玉藻前) is a legendary figure in Japanese mythology and folklore. In the Otogizoshi, a collection of Japanese prose written in the Muromachi period, Tamamo-no-Mae was a courtesan under the Japanese Emperor Konoe. She was said to be the most beautiful and intelligent woman in Japan. Tamamo-no-Mae's body mysteriously always smelled wonderful, and her clothes never became dirty. Tamamo-no-Mae was not only beautiful, but she was very wise in all subjects. Although she appeared to be only twenty years old, there was no question that she could not answer. She answered every question posed to her, whether about music, religion, or astronomy. Because of her beauty and intelligence, everyone in the Imperial Court adored her, and Emperor Konoe fell deeply in love with her.

After some time had passed, the Emperor suddenly and mysteriously fell ill. He went to many priests and fortune-tellers for answers, but they had none to offer. Finally, an astrologer told the Emperor that Tamamo-no-Mae was the cause of his illness. The astrologer explained that the beautiful young woman was in fact an evil fox with nine tails (kitsune), who was making the Emperor ill in a evil plan to take the throne. Following this, Tamamo-no-Mae disappeared from the court.

The Emperor ordered Kazusa-no-suke and Miura-no-suke, the most powerful warriors of the day, to hunt and kill the fox. After escaping from the hunters for some time, the fox appeared to Miura-no-suke in a dream. Once again in the form of the beautiful Tamamo-no-Mae, the fox told Miura-nosuke would kill it the next day, and begged for its life. Miura-no-suke refused.

Early the next day, the hunters found the fox on the Plain of Nasu, and Miura-no-suke shot and killed the magical creature with an arrow. The body of the fox became the Sessho-seki, or Killing Stone, which kills anyone that comes in contact with it. Tamamo-no-Mae's spirit became Hoji and haunted the stone.

Hoji is said to have haunted this stone until a Buddhist priest called Genno stopped for a rest near the stone and was threatened by Hoji. Genno did a certain spiritual ritual, and begged the spirit to consider her spiritual salvation, until finally Hoji surrendered and swore to never haunt the stone again.

In Matsuo Bashō's famous book, "The Narrow Road to the Deep North" (Oku no Hosomichi), Bashō tells of visiting the stone.

The stone split on March 5, 2022. While some have humorously said that Tamamo-no-Mae is now free, there is a far more general belief that the split is an omen of impending tragedy.

Tamamo-no-Mae's legend served as base for the noh drama "Sesshō-seki" (""The Killing Stone"") and the kabuki play "Tamamo-no-Mae" (or "The Beautiful Fox Witch").


London Borough of Hounslow

The London Borough of Hounslow is a London borough in West London. The western District line and Piccadilly line pass through the Borough. The area was part of Middlesex, and is near to London Heathrow Airport. Through Houslow runs the A4 Great West Road.

The heart of Hounslow is the Treaty Centre, a two-floor shopping paradise with over 10 shops including a Debenhams. There is also a library. The musician M.I.A is from here, and the movie "Bend it like Beckham" is set in this part of London.


London Borough of Richmond upon Thames

The London Borough of Richmond upon Thames is a London borough in south west London.

Royal Borough of Kingston upon Thames

The Royal Borough of Kingston upon Thames is a London borough in south-west London. It is one of three Royal boroughs in London.

London Borough of Sutton

The London Borough of Sutton is a London borough in south west London.

London Borough of Bromley

The London Borough of Bromley is a London Borough of south east London.

London Borough of Lewisham

The London Borough of Lewisham is a London borough in south east London.

London Borough of Bexley

The London Borough of Bexley () is a London Borough in south east London.

London Borough of Havering

The London Borough of Havering is a east London borough. Romford is the major centre. Havering is connected to central London by the District Line, which terminates at Upminster.

London Borough of Barking and Dagenham

The London Borough of Barking and Dagenham is a London borough in East London.

London Borough of Redbridge

The London Borough of Redbridge is a London borough in north east London.

London Borough of Newham

The London Borough of Newham is a London borough in east London.

London Borough of Waltham Forest

The London Borough of Waltham Forest is a London borough in east London.

Waltham Forest has urban districts in the south with inner-city characteristics, and richer housing development in the north. The north has reservoirs, open spaces, small sections of Epping Forest, parks, and playing fields, which together cover a fifth (20%) of the borough.

London Borough of Haringey

The London Borough of Haringey is a London borough in north London. There are some interesting sights, for example, the stadium of the Premier League football club Tottenham Hotspur and the Alexandra Palace.

London Borough of Barnet

The London Borough of Barnet is a London borough in north London.

London Borough of Harrow

The London Borough of Harrow is a London borough in north west London.

London Borough of Hillingdon

The London Borough of Hillingdon is a London borough. It is the farthest west borough of London.

John Shakespeare

Sir John Shakespeare II (c. 1530-September 1601) was an English nobleman, politician, and knight. He was Sir William Shakespeare's father and husband of Mary Arden.

Sir John Shakespeare II was the son of English nobleman Sir Richard Shakespeare I (1490-1561) and Abigail Webb (1493-1565), John II was named after his paternal grandfather the English politician Sir John Shakespeare I (1460-1521), John II great-grandfather was the English politician Sir Thomas Shakespeare (1430-1511).

Norwegian Elkhound

The Norwegian Elkhound is a type of dog that was bred in Norway, where most of them are found. They are fluffy and are working dogs.

They have been living and working with humans since the stone age and served as a hunter, herder, guard and companion.

A spitz, type with curled tale and pricked ears, the are friendly,playful and also great with kids.They are a great family dog, but needs a large garden and daily walks. They enjoy an active family that will play with them but are more than happy to live a less strenuous life but,they must not be allowed to get lazy because as with all hounds, will put on weight in excess.

Kim Dae-jung

Kim Dae-jung (January 6, 1924 – August 18, 2009) was a South Korean president. In 2000, he got the Nobel Peace Prize. He is the first person from Korea to get a Nobel prize. A Roman Catholic since 1957, he has been called the "Nelson Mandela" of Asia Kim Dae Jung was the President (succeeding Kim Young-sam) from 1998 to 2003. He was born in Haui-do, South Jeolla Province, an island off the South Korean Coast in 1924.

Kim died on August 18, 2009 at a hospital in Seoul from cardiac arrest caused by multiple organ failure and pneumonia, aged 85.



Conway's Game of Life

The Game of Life is an imaginary robot game (cellular automaton) made by the British mathematician John Horton Conway in 1970.

The reason it is called a game is because people who play the game can set it up in different ways to make it do different things. Sometimes people play the game by changing the way the imaginary robot is set up at the start to watch what happens. The Game of Life is a zero-player game because it changes without anybody playing (after the starting position is chosen). A different type of game lets two players set up imaginary robots to see which one is better.

The game is played on a grid of squares called "cells", each cell is black (alive) or white (dead). When people are playing the game, they start by making some dead cells alive. Then the alive cells can make other cells alive or dead because of the rules of the game. The rules are:


The way a player sets up the first alive cells starts the game. The first level (generation) is made by using the 4 rules. After the player is done changing the cells, they do the same thing all over again to make the next level. The game is over when all the cells are dead or all the cells are alive or the game is doing the same thing over and over. The Game of Life is Turing-complete.

John Horton Conway made the Game of Life because he wanted to know if he could make an imaginary robot out of cells that would be able to get bigger. He combined lots of ideas in math to make the rules for the game. It is one of the first ever 'simulation games' that represent things that happen in real life. It is important because when used in complicated math, it can look at many things like physics, biology, economics, and philosophy.

Patterns are special things that happen in the game. Many different types of patterns happen, including static patterns where nothing changes between levels, repeating patterns where the cells that are alive and dead repeat, and patterns that move themselves across the board ("spaceships"). Common examples of these three classes are shown below, with live cells shown in black, and dead cells shown in white.

The "block" and "boat" do not change, the "blinker" and "toad" have 2 looks that repeat, and the "glider" and "lightweight spaceship" ("LWSS") are spaceships which keep moving across the cells in each level. The "pulsar" is the most common repeat that has 3 parts. Most of the repeating patterns have 2 parts, like the blinker and toad. .

Since the Game of Life was made, some people play with new rules. These rules are usually more ways to make cells alive or dead, or they are more rules to make it harder for cells to switch.

Some variations change the way the cells look or where they are put. 

When two people play the Game of Life, the alive cells have two colors and a player wins when their colors take up all of the cells. When a dead cell becomes alive, its color is the same as the alive cells that touch it. If both colors are touching the new alive cell, then the color that touches it more wins.

Many other websites concerning the Game of Life can be found on . In addition, Game of Life News is a blog reporting on recent developments in the Game of Life by many individuals.

Some additional links:

Bio Booster Armor Guyver

Bio-Booster Armor Guyver (Viz Media) or Guyver (Chuang Yi Publishing) (強殖装甲ガイバー, Kyōshoku Sōkō Gaibā?) is a long-running manga series written by Yoshiki Takaya

Repulse Bay

Repulse Bay (, literally "Shallow Water Bay") is a famous beach in the southern part of Hong Kong Island. There are many stories explaining how the bay got its name: in 1841, pirates took Repulse Bay and lived there. They frequently took things from ships. In order to protect the ships, the British Fleet repulsed (attacked) the pirates and their base. Due to this event, it was named Repulse Bay. During the Japanese occupation of Hong Kong, the name of Repulse Bay was changed to ).

It is one of the most expensive residential areas in the world.

Saint John

Saint John or St. John could mean:









Pelagianism

Pelagianism is a theory named after Pelagius. It is the belief that people are not born with original sin and that mortal will is still capable of choosing good or evil without Divine aid. For this reason, Adam's sin was there to set a bad example for those that came after him; other than that it had no consequences. Jesus was there to set a good example (much like Adam's bad example) but also to pay the price for our sins. Pelagius believed that because people "choose" to sin, they are like criminals who need to be pardoned, "not" victims of an inherited sinful nature.

Pelagianism was condemned as heresy at the Council of Ephesus in 431 AD. However, some people believe that Pelagius was simply misunderstood. Today there are no known Pelagians, but there are people who follow Celtic Christianity tradition, which respects Pelagius as a good example of Celtic Christian.



Goggles

Goggles and safety glasses are thick, plastic glasses worn over the eyes to keep objects out of them. Goggles are used to keep water out of the eyes when swimming. They are also used for safety reasons when working with instruments that can be dangerous, like chemical or when things might fly into the eyes. Special goggles are used for kinds of welding to protect the eyes from bright light.


Urashima Tarō

One day, a fisherman named Urashima Taro was fishing when he noticed a turtle, which appeared to be in trouble. Taro saved the turtle and in return the turtle magically gave Taro gills and brought Taro to the Dragon Palace (Ryūgū-jō), deep underwater. The turtle turned out to be the daughter of Ryūgū-jō, a lovely princess. He stayed there with her for a few days, and received a mysterious box from her when he was leaving, which she told him never to open. What he did not realize that time in the Dragon Palace moves an awful lot slower than on land and when he returned 700 years had passed. When he got home he found that all of his family had died long ago. In grief, he opened the box. It revealed itself in a cloud of white smoke, it was his true age, and Urashima Taro aged and died.



Electrical generator

A generator usually means a machine that makes electrical energy. It has a generator head with wires, spinning inside a magnetic field. The resulting electromagnetic induction makes electricity flow through the wires. Hybrid electric vehicles carry a generator powerful enough to make them go. The biggest generators don't go anywhere; they stay in power stations.

Different things can be used to make the generator head spin. Some small ones are cranked by someone's arms or legs. Bigger ones are connected to an engine. The biggest ones use a steam turbine or hydroelectric water power. Some use wind power. Whatever makes it turn, the generator converts this energy into electrical energy.

Some portable generators have an internal combustion engine. They are harmful when used indoors because they make carbon monoxide.

Simple generators have:

Some kinds have:


Paste

Paste could mean:


Inert gas

An inert gas is a gas that does not usually react chemically with other things. Examples of inert gases are nitrogen (N2) and helium. 

An inert gas made of separate atoms of one element is called a noble gas. Inert gases can also be made of more than one atom together. They can be gases of molecules or mixtures of gases of elements.

Inert gases are used in several ways. A gas made from nitrogen is used to keep vegetables from spoiling when they are transported. Other inert gases are used in welding. They are put into gasoline tanks to help prevent explosions.

Emperor Gaozu of Han

Emperor Gaozu of Han (, 256 BC or 247 BC – 195 BC) was the founder of Han Dynasty. He ruled China from 202 BC until 195 BC. His name was Liu Bang () and Ji () was his courtesy name. He was born in Feng County. After defeating his enemy Xiang Yu, Liu Bang ruled China and became the first emperor of Han Dynasty. Emperor Wen of Han, Liu Bang's son, was the second emperor of the Han Dynasty.

One day, Liu Bang's mother slept near the river bank. Suddenly, thick clouds darkened the sky and it thundered. Liu Bang's father, Liu Taigong, felt it strange and he worried over his wife's safety. He went to find his wife immediately. When Liu Taigong arrived, he saw a dragon sleeping on her body. After this incident, Liu Tai Gong's wife had a baby and Liu Bang was born soon.

Unification Church

The Unification Church is a religious movement started by Sun Myung Moon in Korea in the 1940s. It officially began as a church in 1954 in Seoul, South Korea. On October 12, 2009, it was announced that Sun Myung Moon was given the church to his sons, Moon Hyung-jin, Moon Kook-jin, and Moon Hyun-jin.

The Unification Church is a controversial organization. Some people say it is a cult. Sun Myung Moon's says he is the "Savior, Messiah, Returning Lord" and used a Senate office building for a coronation ceremony. He also said that his teachings have helped Hitler and Stalin be "reborn as new persons". Many countries have recognized the organisation as a religion for legal purposes. This means the Unification Church has to pay less taxes, or no taxes at all.

Some doubt the organization's religious origins. Frederick Sontag, a professor of philosophy whose view of the church is no longer favorable studied the Unification Church for 11 months. He concluded that "one thing is sure: the church has a genuine spiritual basis." A German court made a similar finding.Some detractors have said that the church's main purpose is to advance Moon's political aspirations, such as the formation of a one world government.

Critics say the church misused money. They say the church made Moon rich. The Moon family situation is described as one of "luxury and privilege" and as "lavish".

Nansook Hong lived with the Moon family for 14 years. She describes the Unification Church as "a cash operation". She also pointed out there have been questionable movements of money, for example: "The Japanese had no trouble bringing the cash into the United States; they would tell customs agents that they were in America to gamble at Atlantic City. In addition, many businesses run by the church were cash operations, including several Japanese restaurants in New York City. I saw deliveries of cash from church headquarters that went directly into the wall safe in Mrs. Moon's closet." In the 1990s, thousands of Japanese elderly people claimed to have been defrauded of their life savings by Moon followers' spiritual sales . Moon's church was the subject of the largest consumer fraud investigation in Japan's history in 1997 and number of subsequent court decisions awarded hundreds of millions of yen in judgments, including 37.6 million yen ($300,000) to pay two women coerced into donating their assets to the Unification Church.

In the United States in the 1970s, the media reported on the high-pressure recruitment methods of Unificationists and said that the church separated vulnerable college students from their families through the use of brainwashing or mind control. Moon dismissed these criticisms, stating in 1976 that he had received many thank-you letters from parents whose children became closer to them after joining the movement. (In 1977, Moon had a notice posted in all Unification Churches in America, saying that that all members should write to their families no less than once every 10 days.)

Moon and his wife were banned from entry into Germany and the other 14 Schengen treaty countries, on the grounds that they are leaders of a sect that endangered the personal and social development of young people. The Netherlands and a few other Schengen states let Moon and his wife enter their countries in 2005. In 2006 the German Supreme Court overturned the ban.

Critics of the Unification Church accused it of being closely involved with covert CIA-authored operations against communism in Korea during the 1960s. The Church is known to have been involved with weapon and munitions manufacturing in Korea since the 1960s, as documented in a 1978 United States Congressional Report on the Unification Church. The explanation given by Korean Unification Church members is that all manufacturers seeking to do business in South Korea were required to supply the military.

Sun Myung Moon's controversial religious and political Unification Movement, which includes not only the Unification Church but many civic organizations, including the Washington Times Foundation, is allied politically with evangelical Christians such as Jerry Falwell and Tim LaHaye. Advocates adhering to this point of view have challenged the church's tax-exempt status in the US, arguing that the political activities of church-related groups are an intrusion of the church into political areas.

In her 1998 book "In the Shadow of the Moons: My Life in the Reverend Sun Myung Moon's Family", Nansook Hong, ex-wife of Sun Myung Moon and Hak Ja Han's eldest son Hyo Jin Moon said that both Sun Myung Moon and Hak Ja Han told her about Sun Myung Moon's extramarital affairs (which she said he called "providential affairs"), including one which resulted in the birth of a boy raised by a church leader, named by Sun Myung Moon's daughter Un Jin Moon on the news show "60 Minutes".

In 1993, Chung Hwa Pak released the book "Roku Maria no Higeki" ("Tragedy of the Six Marys") through the Koyu Publishing Co. of Japan. The book contained allegations that Moon conducted sex rituals amongst six married female disciples ("The Six Marys") who were to have prepared the way for the virgin who would marry Moon and become the True Mother. Chung Hwa Pak had left the movement when the book was published and later withdrew the book from print when he rejoined the Unification Church. Before his death Chung Hwa Pak published a second book, "The Apostate", and recanted all allegations made in "Roku Maria no Higeki".

Authorities in Brazil and Paraguay have expressed concerns over the Church's purchases in recent years of large tracts of land in South America, in the hundreds of thousands of acres.

In May 2002, federal police in Brazil conducted a number of raids on organizations linked to Sun Myung Moon. In a statement, the police stated that the raids were part of a broad investigation into allegations of tax evasion and immigration violations by Moon's organization. The Association of Families for Unification and World Peace was the target of the raids, which took place in Rio de Janeiro, São Paulo, and the personal residence of Moon's primary representative in Brazil, Reverend Kim Yoon-sang. As of 2008 no legal action had been taken by the Brazilian government resulting from their investigations.

Moon has spoken vehemently against homosexual activity. In talks to church members he compared homosexuals to "dirty dung-eating dogs" and prophesied that "gays will be eliminated" in a "purge on God's orders". These statements were criticized by gay rights groups.

B. A. Robinson of the Ontario Consultants on Religious Tolerance wrote:


Philip Pullman

Sir Philip Pullman (born Norwich, England, 19 October 1946) is an English writer. He is the best-selling author of "His Dark Materials", a trilogy of fantasy novels, and a number of other books. In 2008, "The Times" named Pullman in its list of "The 50 greatest British writers since 1945".One of the greatest books to come around in the 20th century

Pullman is a supporter of the British Humanist Association and an Honorary Associate of the National Secular Society. "New Yorker" journalist Laura Miller has described Pullman as one of England's most outspoken atheists, although Pullman describes himself as an agnostic.

On 15 September 2010, Pullman along with 54 other public figures signed an open letter, published in "The Guardian" newspaper, stating their opposition to Pope Benedict XVI being given "the honour of a state visit" to the UK, arguing that he has led and condoned global abuses of human rights. The letter says "The state of which the pope is head has also resisted signing many major human rights treaties and has formed its own treaties ("concordats") with many states which negatively affect the human rights of citizens of those states". Other signers included Stephen Fry, Professor Richard Dawkins, Terry Pratchett, Jonathan Miller and Ken Follet.








Yomi

Yomi (黄泉), the Japanese word for the underworld in which horrible creatures guard the exits. According to Shinto mythology as related in Kojiki, this is where the dead go to exist and rot forever. When one eats at the hearth of Yomi it is impossible to return to the land of the living. 

Yomi is similar to Hades or Hell. In the Shintoist tradition, Yomi is known because Izanami retreated to that place after her death. Izanagi followed her there and when he returned, he washed himself, creating Amaterasu, Susanoo, and Tsukuyomi. (See Japanese mythology.)

Yomi is different from Christian Hell in that all souls go there, no matter their actions in life; and one does not receive punishment for evils made when alive. It is a dirty and polluted place. In Japanese tradition, pollution is usually associated to evil. By the tradition of Kojiki, Yomi is usually believed to be underground, and its entrance to be located in Izumo province.

Yomi is ruled over by Izanami no Mikoto, the Grand Deity of Yomi ("Yomotsu-Ōkami" 黄泉大神). According to Kojiki. The entrance to Yomi was blocked by Izanagi when he returned to Earth, using a great boulder ("Chibiki-no-Iwa" 千引の岩) at the base of the slope that leads to Yomi ("Yomotsu Hirasaka" 黄泉平坂).

Eve

Eve could mean:



The day before, or the evening before, a holiday, such as:







Ryūgū-jō

In Japanese mythology, Ryūgū-jō (竜宮城) is the palace of Ryūjin, the dragon god of the sea. It is located under the sea. Depending on the version of the legend, it is built from red and white coral, or from solid crystal. Those that live in the palace were Ryūjin's servants, which were various creatures of the sea. On each of the four sides of the palace is a different season, and one day at the palace is like 100 years on earth. In legend, Urashima Tarō visits Ryūgū-jō.

Imp

An imp is a mythological creature similar to a fairy or demon, usually described in folklore and superstition.

Imps are usually described as mischievous more than a serious threat, and as lesser creatures, not important supernatural beings. The small helpers who attend the devil are sometimes described as imps. They are usually described as small and very active.

Imps were the common name given to familiar spirits that served witches in the Middle Ages. Imps were usually kept inside artifacts such as gemstone pieces or vials and summoned for service with magic. 


British Asians

British Asians are a group of people in the United Kingdom. British Asians are part of ethnic groups that come from Asia. Asians were 7% of the United Kingdom's population in 2011. The ancestors of most British Asians lived in South Asia. Many British Asians are British Indians, British Pakistanis, or British Bangladeshis, all from South Asia. Most of the others are British Chinese and British Japanese, both from East Asia. Others come from other countries in Asia.

After the crackdown on democracy in Hong Kong and the passage of the national security law in 2020 at least 144,000 people left Hong Kong and moved to the United Kingdom.

In the 2021 census "Asian, Asian British or Asian Welsh" people were 9.3% (5.5 million) of the population of England and Wales. This was the largest percentage increase from 2011, when it was 4.2 million people.

Black British

Black British are people who live in the United Kingdom but whose families are originally from Africa.

The 2001 UK census says there were 1.2 million Black British people. They were 2.33% of the population of the England and Wales. In the 2021 census 4% of people said they were Black, Black British, Black Welsh, Caribbean or African. That was 2.4 million people in England and Wales.

In the past, Black British used to mean any immigrant who was not English, like British Asians, but people say that it was because of racism in England at that time.

Ryūjin

Ryūjin (Japanese 龍神 "dragon god", also called Rinjin and Owatatsumi) was the god of the sea in Japanese mythology. He was a dragon, a symbol of the power of the ocean, had a very big mouth, and could transform into human shape. Ryūjin lived in Ryūgū-jō, his palace under the sea built out of red and white coral, from where he was believed to control the tides with magical "tide jewels". Sea turtles, fish and jellyfish were Ryūjin's servants.

Ryūjin was the father of the beautiful goddess Otohime who married the hunter prince Hoori. The first Emperor of Japan, Emperor Jimmu, is said to have been a grandson of Otohime and Hoori's. This means, Ryūjin is believed to be one of the ancestors of the Japanese imperial dynasty.

A legend about Ryūjin is the story about how the jellyfish lost its bones. This story tells that once, Ryūjin wanted to eat monkey's heart, and sent the jellyfish to get him a monkey. The monkey managed to escape from the jellyfish by telling him that he had put his heart in a jar in the forest, and offered to go and get it. When the jellyfish came back and told Ryūjin what had happened, Ryūjin became so angry that he beat the jellyfish until its bones were all broken.


Takamagahara

Takama-ga-hara (Japanese: 高天原), literally "High Heaven's Plain" but usually translated as the "High Plain of Heaven," is a place in Japanese mythology. In Shinto, Takama-ga-hara is the place where the Kami live. The legends say it's connected to the Earth by the bridge "Ama-no uki-hashi" (the "Floating Bridge of Heaven"). In Shinto, when a kami is worshipped, it is invited to leave Takama-ga-hara and enter a shrine.


Gospel music

Gospel music is a style of music. It is often written to express personal or group belief, regarding Christianity. This music is used to praise, worship and thank God, Christ or the Holy Spirit. Perhaps the most famous gospel song is Amazing Grace.

Many gospel songs are about heaven. Others tell about when the singer was saved. Gospel songs may be based on the feelings or experience of the writer. Gospel songs tend to be more personal than hymns. Hymns are often directed to God or telling about God. 

There are many types of gospel music. Some of them are spirituals, traditional, gospel blues, southern gospel, country gospel, bluegrass gospel and sacred harp. The way of singing is the main thing that is different. The message may be quite similar between the types. 

Most types of gospel music have a typical way of being sung. Traditional (Black) gospel often uses a large choir, with one or two soloists. Gospel blues were sung by a single singer with a guitar. Southern gospel is almost always sung by a quartet with a piano. Bluegrass gospel has a few singers with stringed instruments. Sacred harp is sung by a large group with no instruments. 


Salsa

Salsa is a type of music and dance of hispanic origin. Salsa music is based on Cuban music. This is a "fusion" of musical ideas which originally came from Africa and Spain.

During 1965-1975 in New York, musicians of Cuban and Puerto Rican origin combined to produce this Cuban-style music. The music got the label of 'salsa'. No-one really knows how this happened, but everyone recognised how good it was to have a label for it. Over time, salsa bands worked in other influences. For example, in the late 60s Willie Colon developed numbers that made use of Brazilian rhythms. N.Y. radio programmes offered 'salsarengue' as a further combination.

The question of whether or not salsa is anything more than Cuban music has been argued over for more than thirty years. Initially, not much difference could be heard. Later it became clear that salsa in New York was a bit different from popular music in Cuba. Also, Miami, Venezuela, Colombia and other places all had their own ideas. It now seems clear that salsa has receded from the great position it achieved in the late 1970s, at any rate in New York. The reasons for this are also much disputed. It is difficult for any music which uses a foreign language to succeed in the biggest English-speaking market-place.

Salsa as a dance can be seen in all the places mentioned. Unlike standard ballroom dancing, there is no clear agreement on how it should be danced, and the methods differ widely in detail. The teaching of salsa is also rather undeveloped. But, as a general guide, salsa dancing is rather like other dances from Cuba, such as the cha-cha-cha.

Gwen Stefani

Gwen Renée Stefani (born October 3, 1969) is an American singer, songwriter, fashion designer, actress and television presenter. She was born on October 3, 1969 in Fullerton, California. She was raised in Anaheim, California. She has millions of fans around the world. She is a member of the band No Doubt, and has also released two solo albums. One of her biggest hits is "Hollaback Girl".

On September 14, 2002 Gwen married Gavin Rossdale, the singer of Bush. They have three sons together, Kingston James McGregor Rossdale (born on May 26, 2006), Zuma Nesta Rock Rossdale (born on August 21, 2008), and Apollo Bowie Flynn Rossdale (February 28, 2014). 

On August 3, 2015, she filed for divorce from Rossdale, citing "irreconcilable differences" and their divorce was finalized on April 8, 2016.

Stefani says as a child she was diagnosed with dyslexia and attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder. On October 20, 2014, Stefani released the first single from her third album, "Baby Don't Lie".

As of 2017, Stefani is said to be dating her "The Voice" co-star Blake Shelton.




Music charts and singles:


Izumo Province

The province had borders with Iwami, Bingo and Hōki provinces.

In the 8th century, Matsue became the provincial capital city.

In the Meiji period, the provinces of Japan were converted into prefectures. The maps of Japan and Izumo Province were reformed in the 1870s.

"Izumo taisha" was the chief Shinto shrine ("ichinomiya") of Izumo. 


Mount Hiei

Mount Hiei appeared in many folk tales in different centuries. Traditionally, people believed it to be the home of gods and demons of Shinto.



Momotarō

The most common version of this tale (from the Edo period), tells Momotarō came to earth inside a giant peach. The peach was found floating down a river by an old woman without children who was washing clothes there. The woman and her husband found the child when they tried to open the peach to eat it. The child explained that he had been sent by Heaven to be their son. The couple called him Momotarō, from "momo" (peach) and "tarō" (oldest son in the family).

An older version of the story tells the old woman discover the giant, floating peach and take it home with her, as she finds it to be of good color and looking tasty. After eating a piece of the peach, the old woman is rejuvenated and becomes young and beautiful again. When her old husband comes home from the hills, he is surprised to find a lovely young lady in his house. At first he does not even recognize his own wife in her new form, but she explains what happened to him. She then gives her husband a piece of the peach to eat, and he also becomes young again. That night, the couple makes love, and the woman becomes pregnant as a result. She later gives birth to their first child, a son, whom they name "Tarō", as that is a common Japanese name for a first son. This version of the story is the oldest one that is written in old texts, but it appears to have been changed with the version without sex in school textbooks of the Meiji period. The peach is often seen as a symbol of sex or fertility in Japan, because its fruit is believed to be similar to a woman's buttocks.

Years later, Momotarō left his parents for an island called Onigashima to destroy the evil oni (demons or ogres) that lived there. On his way, Momotarō met and became friends with a talking dog, monkey, and pheasant, who agreed to help him in his mission. At the island, Momotarō and his animal friends entered the demons' fort and beat the demons' leader, Ura, and his army. Momotarō returned home with his new friends, and his family lived happily from then on.


Ama-no-Uzume

Ame-no-Uzume-no-mikoto (天宇受売命) is the Kami of dawn, happiness and joy in the Shinto religion of Japan. She is famous for her role in the tale of the sun goddess, Amaterasu.

Amaterasu's brother, the storm god Susano'o (須佐之男命), had vandalised her sacred buildings and killed her maidens because she refused to trust him. Amaterasu became so scared of his wrath that she went to hide into a cave, Ame-no-Iwato (天の岩戸). The world, without the light of the sun, became dark. The Oni (devils of Japanese mythology) came out to the dark world, and the gods could not make Amaterasu come out of the cave.

The intelligent Uzume took a small boat, turned it upside down near the cave entrance, and began a dance on it, tearing off her clothing in front of the other Kami. They thought this was so funny that they laughed happily.

Amaterasu heard them, and looked out to see why the gods were laughing. When she opened the cave, she saw her wonderful reflection in a mirror Uzume had put on a tree, and slowly came out of the cave.

At that moment, the god Ameno-Tajikarawo (天手力男命) closed the cave behind her, so she could not go back in. Another god tied a magic rope across the entrance. The sun goddess was then asked by the Kami Ame-no-Koyane (天児屋根命) to go back with the gods. She agreed, and light came back to the earth.

Uzume is still worshipped today as a Shinto kami. She is also known as Ame-no-Uzume, "The Great Persuader", and "The Heavenly Alarming Female".


Susanoo

Susanoo (Japanese: 須佐之男命, "Susanoo-no-Mikoto"; also romanized as "Susano'o", "Susa-no-O", and "Susanowo") is the kami of the sea and storms in Shinto.

Susano'o is the brother of Amaterasu, the goddess of the sun, and of Tsukuyomi, the god of the moon. All three were created from Izanagi, when he washed his face to clean the dirtiness of Yomi, the underworld. Amaterasu was born when Izanagi washed out his left eye, Tsukuyomi was born from the washing of the right eye, and Susano'o from the washing of the nose.

The tales tell of great between Susano'o and his sister. When he was to leave Heaven forever because Izanagi ordered him to, he went to say goodbye to his sister. Amaterasu, suspicious, proposed him a challenge: each of them was to turn an object of the other's into people. Amaterasu created three women from Susano'o's sword while he created five men from her necklace. Amaterasu said the men were hers because they were born of her necklace. Susano'o destroyed her rice fields, threw a dead pony into her loom, and killed one of her assistants in anger. For this, Amaterasu, sad, angry and scared, went to hide inside Ama-no-Iwato, the ""heavenly rock cave"", so the Sun was hidden and the world became dark for a long time.

Amaterasu later was made to come out of the cave, but Susano'o was punished by being banished from Heaven. He came down to the province of Izumo, where he met an old couple. Seven of their eight daughters had been eaten by the eight-headed serpent Yamata-no-Orochi and it was about to come for the eighth, Kushi-inada-hime. After the couple promised their daughter's hand in marriage to Susano'o, he agreed to kill Orochi. With the help of eight bowls of "sake" (one for each head), Susano'o cut the head off the monster when it was sleeping.

From one of Orochi's tails, Susano'o took out a sword, which he called "Ame-no-Murakumo-no-Tsurugi" ("Heaven's Cloud-Gathering Sword"), later known as the "Kusanagi-no-Tsurugi". The sword was given to Amaterasu as a gift and was later given to her descendant Ninigi (the great-grandfather of Emperor Jimmu), with the "Yata-no-Kagami" (a mirror) and "magatama" (sacred jewels) as proof of his divine right to rule on Earth (the three Imperial Regalia of Japan).

Amaterasu's shrine is at Ise Shrine, and Susano'o's is in Izumo, where he came down to Earth when banished from heaven. Izumo is home to the oldest shrines in Japan.
In a Meitei language play named "Yamata Amasung Keibu Keioiba" (), the role of Susanoo was played by "Romario Thoudam Paona". The play interweaves the stories of two legendary creatures, Yamata-no-Orochi of Japanese mythology and Keibu Keioiba of Meitei mythology (Manipuri mythology).

Ninigi-no-Mikoto

Ninigi no Mikoto (瓊瓊杵尊) is in Japanese mythology the son of Ame no Oshihomimi no Mikoto, and grandson of Amaterasu, who sent him down to earth to plant rice there. He was the great-grandfather of Emperor Jimmu.

Amaterasu sent him to bring peace to Japan by bringing the three gifts from Heaven used by the emperor. The sword, Kusanagi, the mirror, Yata no kagami, and the jewel, Yasakani no magatama. These three gifts mean to the world that the emperor is the descendant of Amaterasu herself.

The tale of Ninigi no Mikoto being sent to earth is told in the Nihon Shoki.

Preston

Preston is a city in North West England which is the county town of Lancashire. It is near the River Ribble. It became a city in 2002. This was the 50th year of Queen Elizabeth II's reign.

Chorley and Leyland are towns not far away from Preston. In 2001, a census said that there were 335,000 people living in Preston.
In 1179, Preston was given a charter (document) which let the town's trader travel around the United Kingdom without paying tolls.

Preston Guild is held in Preston. The chief industry of Preston was formerly the making of cotton cloth. The Preston bypass (road around the city) was built in the 1950s. Among the important buildings in Preston are the Harris Museum, Art Gallery and Public Library, and the county council's headquarters. Preston railway station is an importance junction on the west coast main line; the M6 motorway connects Preston to Cumbria (northwards) and Cheshire (southwards).
The football team in Preston is Preston North End F.C. which plays at Deepdale. They were the first team to be English football champions in 1889.

Preston is home to the University of Central Lancashire, established in 1828 and originally being called The Institution For The Diffusion of Useful Knowledge. It is one of the largest universities in the UK, having around 38,000 staff and students.

Onryō

Onryō (怨霊) is a Japanese ghost ("Yūrei", 幽霊) who is believed to be able to return to the world of the living to seek revenge. Some onryō are male, mostly in Kabuki, but most of them are women. They usually suffer at the hands of their male lovers when they were alive, because they were weak, but they become strong in death.

In Japanese tradition, the spiritual world has Yomi (hell) on one side and the world of the living in the other. In the middle, there is a waiting area, like a purgatory, where spirits lie in doubt before moving on. Some spirits, especially those of murdered people, can go back to the world of the living, influenced by feelings of anger, sadness, or love.

Onryō and yūrei do not have a particular look. But the popularity of Kabuki in the Edo period meant that a costume was created to show what they look like. This usually included a white burial kimono, long and black, messy hair, and white and purple make-up. The influence of this image can be seen in modern movies about Onryō, like "Ring".



British Chinese

British Chinese, also Chinese British, Chinese Britons or British-born Chinese (often informally referred to as BBCs), are people of Chinese ancestry who were born in or have moved to the United Kingdom. According to the 2001 census, there are 247,403 British Chinese people living in the United Kingdom, who make up almost 0.5% of the country's population.

British African-Caribbean people

The British African-Caribbean (Afro-Caribbean) community are residents of the United Kingdom who are of British West Indian background and whose ancestors came first from Africa. Around 566,000 people fitted that description in 2001. in the 2021 Census 623,119 people in England and Wales described themselves in this way.

These people are often called Black British.

Flag of Switzerland

Switzerland’s national flag was adopted on December 12, 1889, which is one of the world’s oldest flags. The Flag of Switzerland is a red field, a white cross whose arms are one-sixth longer than their width. The relationship between the span of the cross and the width of the flag has not been established, but in practice the ratio is about 2:3 or 7:10.

The Swiss cross on a red field ultimately derives from a similar banner of the Holy Roman Empire, and thus has strong Christian connotations. The Swiss flag traditionally stands for freedom, honour and fidelity. The motto ""Honor et Fidelitas"" was inscribed on the cross of several Swiss mercenary flags of the 18th century. In modern times, through association with consistent Swiss policy, the flag has also come to mean neutrality, democracy, peace and refuge.

M6

M6 or M-6 may mean:

In roads:


Nurhaci

Taizu Emperor (, 1559 - 1626) was the founding father of the Qing Dynasty. His name was Nurhaci and Aisin Gioro was his surname. The reign name was Tian Ming. Nurhaci was Manchurian. He was also the creator of the Manchu alphabet.

In 1580, Nurhaci became the Jianzhou general of the Ming Dynasty. He unified the Manchu tribe and organised the Eight Banners.

In 1616, Nurhaci declared himself Khan (King) and founded the Jin Dynasty in Liaoning.

In 1618, in order to encourage people to against the Ming Dynasty. Nurhaci wrote an article called the Seven Great Vexations and sent it to the public.

Form 1618 until 1622, Nurhaci led armies to against the Ming Dynasty. He successfully occupied 70 cities in the north-eastern part of China. The capital was changed to Liao Yang after several battles.

In 1622, Nurhaci's armies captured Guangning.

In 1626, Nurhaci led armies to attack the Ningyuan city. Unluckily, Nurhaci was wounded by Yuan Chonghuan's Portuguese cannon and he died 2 days later at a little town called De-A Man.

Japanese dragon

A Japanese dragon, also known as is a mythical animal from Japan.

Like other creatures called dragons, the Ryū is a big, fantastic animal that looks similar to a serpent, and is related to the Chinese "lóng" and the Korean "yong". Like all these Asian dragons, it is shown without wings, has legs with claws, and usually lives in the ocean, the clouds, or heavens. Japanese dragons do not fly as often as the Chinese one, which is the reason why they usually appear much more like serpents. The "ryū" in art has only three toes, instead of the "lóng's" five or the "yong's" four.

Japanese dragons usually live in the sea. This is because Japan is an island, and the sea is present in most of its geography.

"Ryū" originated from China and is one of the four creatures from heavens of Japanese mythology (the other three are the phoenix, turtle and tiger). It has often been the symbol of the Emperor or of a hero.

In Japanese mythology, one of the first dragons is the Yamata-no-Orochi, a very big serpent with eight heads and eight tails. The serpent ate girls, and it was killed by Susanoo after Susanoo tricked the creature into becoming drunk on sake. Dragons are Common in Japanese folklore typically in the Edo period (1603 - 1863), but did you know Dragons (Ryu) appear in Japanese Stories back to the 8th century!

Dragons in later Japanese folklore were often good, perhaps because of influence from Chinese culture. In Urashima Tarō, the main character rescues a turtle which turns out to be the son of Ryūjin, the dragon king of the ocean.


Japanese mythology

Japanese mythology is a system of beliefs that includes Shinto and Buddhist traditions. The Shinto religion alone has many "kami" (Japanese for "gods" or "spirits"). 

Most Japanese myths, as generally known today, are based on the "Kojiki", "Nihonshoki" and some other books. The "Kojiki" or "Record of Ancient Things" is the oldest known book of myths, legends, and history of Japan. The "Shintoshu" explains origins of Japanese gods and goddesses from a Buddhist point of view while the "Hotsuma Tsutae" has a very different version of mythology.

One notable thing of Japanese mythology is that it explains birth of Amaterasu, the origin of the Imperial family, and assigned them divinity. The Japanese word for the Emperor of Japan, "tennō" (天皇), means "heavenly emperor".


Huang Taiji

Huang Taiji (; 1592 - 1643) was the emperor of Qing Dynasty. His surname was Aisin Gioro. His reign names were Tian Cong and Chong De. Huang Taiji was the eighth son of Taizu Emperor (Nurhaci). He reigned the Manchu trible from 1627 until 1643. 

In 1612, Huang Taiji followed his father, Nurhaci, to attack Wu La. He was awarded "Beile", a traditional title of Manchu nobility below prince. In 1616, he was ordered to deal with government affairs with another Beili, Dai Shan. Huang became the "Khan" (King) of the Manchu trible in n 1626.

In 1636, Huang took control of the southern part of Mongol, the north-eastern part of China and Korea. He started the Qing Dynasty. Huang Taiji died in 1643 of apoplexy.

Japanese folklore

Japanese folklore is the folklore of Japan. It is very influenced by Shinto and Buddhism, the two most important religions in the country. It usually includes humorous or strange characters and situations. It also includes many supernatural creatures, such as "kami" (gods and revered spirits), "yōkai" (monster-spirits) (like "oni", "kappa", and "tengu"), "onryō" (ghosts), dragons, and animals with supernatural powers like the "kitsune" (fox), "tanuki" (raccoon dog), "mujina" (badger), and "bakeneko" (transforming cat).

Japanese folklore is often divided into several categories: ""mukashibanashi,"" tales of long-ago; ""namidabanashi"", sad stories; ""obakebanashi"", ghost stories; ""ongaeshibanashi"", stories of kindness; ""tonchibanashi"", witty stories; ""waraibanashi"", funny stories; and ""yokubaribanashi"", stories of greed.

Some famous Japanese folktales and legends include:



Meiji period

The , also known as the Meiji era, was a after "Keiō" and before "Taishō." This period started in September 1868 and ended in July 1912. During this time, the emperor was .

The "nengō" "Meiji" means "Enlightened Rule" or "Enlightened Government".

The years in which Meiji was the Japanese monarch comprise this modern period or era.




Pheasant

Pheasants are a group of large birds in the order Galliformes. Males pheasants are usually larger and flashier than the females. They have feathers of bright colours and long tails. 

There are 35 species of pheasant in 11 different genera. Native pheasants are restricted to Eurasia. 

In many countries pheasant species are hunted, often illegally, as game. Several species are threatened by this and other human activities.

Chukar is the official "National bird" of Pakistan.

The fact is that "pheasant" is not the name of a particular bird. It is the common name for a type of bird which has independently evolved in many different places.



Galena (disambiguation)

Galena is a mineral and an important lead ore.

Galena could also mean:


Polytonality

Polytonality is the use in music of several keys at the same time. Music such as this is called polytonal.

Bitonality is the use in music of two keys at the same time. Music such as this is called bitonal.

Most traditional music is "in a particular key" e.g. in "C major" or in "D major" or in "D minor". Music that is in C major uses the notes of a C major scale.

In 20th century some composers sometimes wrote music which is in more than one key at once. A well-known example is the beginning of the second tableau of Igor Stravinsky's ballet, "Petrushka". The first clarinet plays a melody that uses the notes of the C major chord, while the second clarinet plays a different version of the same melody using the notes of the F sharp major chord.

Composers who have used bitonality or polytonality include Igor Stravinsky, Darius Milhaud, Béla Bartók, Charles Ives and many others.

M1 motorway

The M1 motorway is an important motorway in England. It joins London and Leeds. It was the second motorway to be built in the UK, after the Preston bypass (which later formed part of the M6). It was the first UK motorway to be built that joined two cities, London and Birmingham.

The motorway is 193 miles (310 km) long. It was built in four phases. Some of the motorway was opened in 1959. Other sections opened between 1965 and 1968. Two extensions were opened in 1977 and 1999.

The motorway is part of the unsigned European route E13.

The first section of the motorway opened between Junction 5 (Watford) and Junction 18 (Rugby). It opened on 2 November 1959. This included two of the motorway's spurs, the M10 at Junction 7, and the M45 at Junction 17. It followed near to the A5.

In 1965, an extension from Junction 18 towards Yorkshire was built. The motorway takes a more northerly route through the East Midlands. It passes near Leicester, Loughborough and Nottingham to Sheffield . Here the M18 splits from the M1 at Junction 32.

In 1972 an extension of the M1 was opened into central Leeds. It was called the Leeds South Eastern Motorway. It meets the Leeds South Western Motorway (M621) at Junction 43.

The first motorway service station was built on the M1 in 1959. It is currently operated by RoadChef.

!scope=col|mile
!scope=col|km
!scope=col abbr="Southbound"|Southbound exits (B carriageway)
!scope=col|Junction
!scope=col abbr="Northbound"|Northbound exits (A carriageway)
!scope=col|Coordinates
Stansted Airport, Dartford, M11, M20



Teddy Randazzo

Teddy Randazzo (May 13, 1935 – November 21, 2003) was an American singer, songwriter and record producer, best known for his work in the 1950s and 1960s. One of the groups he worked with was Little Anthony and the Imperials.

Randazzo appeared as himself in a 1962 movie, "Don't Knock the Twist", which was about the Twist craze of the early 1960s.

Kaspar Hauser

Kaspar Hauser (born probably 30 April 1812; died 17 December 1833) was a child who lived in Germany. His early life is a mystery. Kaspar appeared in the street in 1828, not able to talk normally, and no one knew where he had come from.

On May 26 1828 the boy who became known as Kaspar Hauser was found in the streets of Nuremberg, Germany. He was dressed like a simple country person and could hardly talk. He carried with him two letters. One letter seems to have been written by a poor workman and it was addressed to a captain in the army. The writer of the letter says that he had looked after the boy since 1812 and that the boy wants to serve the king in the army. He asks the captain to take the boy or to hang him. There is no date on the letter. The other letter looked as if it was from his mother to the poor workman who had been looking after him. It says that the child was born on April 30th 1812 and that he was called Kaspar but that he has no second name. It says that his father was a soldier and that the boy should become a soldier when he is 17. The mother writes that she herself is too poor to look after him.

The boy was taken to an army captain whose name was Wessenig. The only things Kaspar could say (in German) were: "I want to be a knight, as my father was," and "Horse! Horse!" The captain asked him lots of other questions but the boy only cried and said "Don't know." He was taken to a police station where he could only write his name: Kaspar Hauser.

He spent the next two months in a tower where a jailor looked after him. Many people came to see him. He smiled, and he walked like a baby. He was probably 16 years old, but his thinking was like a small child, and he would only drink water and eat bread.

It took a long time, but Kaspar was taught to speak, and slowly told people about his life. He said that he had spent his life locked up in a small room with only a straw bed to sleep in and a wooden horse to play with. He was only given bread and water. Sometimes the water tasted strange because it had something inside that made him go to sleep. When he woke up from such a sleep he found that his hair and fingernails had been cut. Later he was visited by a man who never showed his face. The man taught him to speak a little bit, and then let him go. Kaspar walked down the streets of Nuremburg and then fainted. 

People in many countries heard about the mysterious boy and tried to find out who he was. Some people thought he was related to the Grand Duke of Baden. Some people thought it was all a big joke.

Hauser was then taken into care by a schoolteacher, Friedrich Daumer, who taught him to speak, read and write. Kaspar learned quickly.

On October 17 1829, a hooded man tried to kill Hauser with a large knife but managed only to wound his forehead. People were worried that the person might try to kill him again, so he was given to someone else to be looked after. He was given a job as a copyist. Because someone had tried to murder him some people thought it proved that he was related to a noble family in the house of Baden.

A British nobleman, Lord Stanhope, was interested in Hauser and gave him presents and tried to get permission to look after him. He said that Hauser was Hungarian and not of noble blood. Many historians thought that Lord Stanhope himself might have been from the house of Baden and that was why he was interested in Kaspar.

On 14 December 1833, Hauser was told to go to a garden where he would find out about the family he came from. When he got there he was attacked by a stranger who stabbed him in the chest. He managed to get home but died three days later. No one knew who had murdered him, although a strange note was found in a black purse saying that Kaspar would not be able to tell people who had killed him, but that he was from the Bavarian border and that his initials were MLÖ." No one ever found out who the murderer was, and no one ever found out who Kaspar was.

The story of Kaspar Hauser has been made into movies, both in German and in English. Books have been written about him and lots of people have made guesses about who he might have been. Some people have even guessed that he was just pretending, but it seems unlikely that he could have kept that up for several years.

Police station

A police station is a building where police officers work. Other members of the law enforcement may work there as well. These buildings often contain offices and accommodation for staff.

A small police station may have nothing apart from office space. Some police stations have cells for holding people who have been arrested. They may also have special rooms for interviewing people and rooms for storing evidence. 

Twist (dance)

"The Twist" was a song written by Hank Ballard. Ballard's version of the song was not a hit, but a cover version by Chubby Checker became an international hit and made the dance very popular.

Checker followed with "Let's Twist Again", which was another huge hit.

Cover version

A cover version (or simply "cover") is a song which is re-recorded by a singer or band, after another artist has released a recording of it. Sometimes the versions are similar, but sometimes they are very different.

Many songs become more popular as cover versions than in their original recordings. Paul Revere and the Raiders recorded two songs, "Louie, Louie" and "(I'm Not Your) Steppin' Stone", that were bigger hits for other bands (The Kingsmen and The Monkees, respectively) than their versions.

A few songs are covered so many times by different artists, that the songs become standards. "Without You" (written by Peter Ham and Tom Evans of the band Badfinger) was first covered by Harry Nilsson, then later by dozens of other singers, including Mariah Carey. "Yesterday" and "Something", written by Paul McCartney and George Harrison of The Beatles (respectively), are also standards.



The Kingsmen

The Kingsmen were a popular American band of the early 1960s. Their most famous hit was "Louie, Louie". Many people believed the song contained obscenity or suggestive lyrics, and tried to have the song banned. An American court decided the song was not obscene, and the controversy over the song only helped to promote sales of the record.

The Kingsmen had other hits, including "Jolly Green Giant", a parody of the mascot of Green Giant vegetables. They appeared in a movie, "How to Stuff a Wild Bikini", accompanying Annette Funicello onstage.

Obscenity

Obscenity is a term that is used to describe words, images or actions that offend the sexual morality most people have or had at the time. The word is often used in a legal context. The word goes back to the Latin "obscenus", which meant "foul, repulsive, or detestable".

Even though the word has been used with a sexual connotation for a long time, it can still have the meaning of "inspiring disgust". This is true in expressions such as "obscene profits" or "the obscenity of war". It can simply be used to mean profanity, or it can mean anything that is taboo, indecent, abhorrent, or disgusting.

The definition of what is thought of as obscene depends on the culture. Different communities and individuals may have different ideas of what is obscene and what is not. The definition of what is considered obscene also changes with time. Things that were obscene at one time no longer are at another.

Many cultures have made laws to define what is considered to be obscene. Censorship is often used to try to suppress or control materials that are obscene under these definitions. These usually include pornographic material.


Hank Ballard

Hank Ballard (November 18, 1936 - March 2, 2003) was an American singer and songwriter. One of his songs, "The Twist", became a huge hit for singer Chubby Checker. The Twist dance became very popular.

Disciples of Christ

The Disciples of Christ are an American Christian denomination of churches, which began in the 1800s. Disciples churches welcome members of other churches, and members of the public, to their services. Their most famous slogan is "We are not the only Christians; we are Christians only."

Bruno Bauer

Bruno Bauer (September 6, 1809 – April 13, 1882) was a German philosoper and theologian. He studied the New Testament in depth influensed by philosophy of Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel.

Zsa Zsa Gábor

Zsa Zsa Gábor (6 February 1917 – 18 December 2016) was a Hungarian-American actress and socialite. Her older sister Magda and younger sister Eva were also actresses and socialites. 

In 1936 Gábor won the Miss Hungary competition. She was married nine times. In 1986 she married Frédéric Prinz von Anhalt. She had one child, Constance Francesca Hilton.

On 18 December 2016, at 6:00 am, Gabor died at the Ronald Reagan UCLA Medical Center in Los Angeles, California from cardiopulmonary arrest complicated by coronary artery disease, aged 99. Her ashes were buried at the Westwood Memorial Park Cemetery in Beverly Hills, California on 30 December.


Brittany Snow

Brittany Anne Snow (born March 9, 1986) is an American television and movie actress and singer. She is known for her roles as Meg Pryor in "American Dreams", Daisy Lemay in "Guiding Light", Kate Spencer in "John Tucker Must Die", Amber Von Tussle in "Hairspray", Donna Keppel in "Prom Night" and Jenna Backstrom in the NBC television series "Harry's Law".

Desk

A desk is a piece of furniture where someone can sit and write, often with drawers or other places to put books, papers, pencils, pens and other things. Unlike a table, there is only one side of the desk where somebody could sit.

Desks come in many different sizes. There is a Armoire desk, which is very big. There is also a portable desk which is very small. Desks can be used at home. They can also be used in an office. Desks may also be used in schools.

A computer desk will have a computer inside or on top. The keyboard and mouse will pull out from underneath the desk.

Coles Supermarkets

Coles Supermarkets is an Australian supermarket chain owned by Wesfarmers (Coles Group before it was taken over on 23 November 2007). With over 750 stores nationally and more than 60,000 employees, Coles currently has the second-biggest market share behind Woolworths Supermarkets.



Empire of Nicaea

The Empire of Nicaea () was the largest of the Byzantine Greek states founded by the nobility of the Byzantine Empire after Constantinople was conquered during the Fourth Crusade. It lasted from 1204 to 1261. 

Founded by the Laskaris Dynasty it would be the Byzantine rump-state to recapture Constantinople in 1261 and reform the Byzantine Empire and is seen as the continuation of the Byzantine Empire.

The Despotate of Epirus contested the claim in 1224 and became the Empire of Thessalonica, but was forced to renounce their claim by the Nicenes in 1242. The Empire of Trebizond declared its independence a few weeks before the Sack of Constantinople in 1204, ended their claim of being a continuation of the Byzantines in the Treaty of 1282.

National Stock Exchange of India

The National Stock Exchange of India Limited (NSE), is a Mumbai-based stock exchange. It is the biggest stock exchange in India and the third biggest in the world in terms of amounts of transactions. NSE is mutually-owned by banks, insurance companies and other financial intermediaries in India but its ownership and management operate as separate groups. As of 2006, the NSE VSAT terminals, 2799 in total, covered more than 1500 cities across India. In July 2007,it had a total market capitalization of 42,74,509 crore INR making it the second-largest stock market in South Asia.

The National Stock Exchange of India was promoted by leading Financial institutions at the behest of the Government of India, and was incorporated in November 1992 as a tax-paying company. In April 1993, it was recognized as a stock exchange under the Securities Contracts (Regulation) Act, 1956. It started operations in the Wholesale Debt Market in June 1994. The Equities part started in November 1994, while the Derivatives segment commenced in June 2000.


NSE also conducts online examination and awards certifications, under its programmes of NSE's Certification in Financial Markets (NCFM). Currently, certifications are available in 9 modules, covering different sectors of financial and capital markets. The branches of the NSE are located throughout India.


John Whedon

John Ogden Whedon (November 5, 1905 – November 21, 1991) was an American screenwriter. He was best known for his writing for the television series "The Donna Reed Show" during the 1950s. Whedon wrote for "The Andy Griffith Show", "The Dick Van Dyke Show" and "Leave It To Beaver". He was the father of screenwriter Tom Whedon. He was the grandfather of screenwriter and director Joss Whedon and screenwriter Zack Whedon.

List of Buffy the Vampire Slayer episodes

This is a list of episodes for the American television series, Buffy the Vampire Slayer. The series began on March 10, 1997 and aired until May 19, 2003. In that time, 144 episodes of the series were made.

Seasons one to five of the series ran on the WB. In 2001, it moved to the United Paramount Network (UPN) for its final two seasons. In the United Kingdom, the entire series aired on Sky One and BBC Two.

All the seven seasons of the series are available on DVDs for regions 1 and region 2. Two all-season collections ("The Chosen Collection" and "The Complete DVD Collection") have been also been released.


Buffy Summers

Buffy Summers is the main character of the Buffy the Vampire Slayer franchise. She is played by Sarah Michelle Gellar and created by Joss Whedon.

Buffy Summers moved from Los Angeles to Sunnydale for her second year in high school, where she met Rupert Giles, Willow Rosenberg and Xander Harris, where they become known as the Scooby Gang.

Buffy is considered a feminist icon of the 1990s and one of the most significant.

Spike (Buffyverse)

Spike is a fictional vampire that appears in the television series "Buffy the Vampire Slayer" and the spin-off "Angel". He was played by James Marsters.

William the Bloody (known for his bad poetry) of England was sired by Angelus. He liked being a vampire and moved into Sunnydale by 1997.

Spike is a fan-favorite vampire.

Angel (Buffyverse)

Angel is a fictional vampire that appears in the television series "Buffy the Vampire Slayer" and is the main character of the spin-off "Angel". He was played by David Boreanaz.

Liam of Ireland was sired by a female vampire and became known as Angelus. He would later sire Spike and work alongside Drusilla and the Master. On 1898, he killed a Romani and a mystic placed a spell where she restored his soul, making him feel guilty. Now known as Angel, he moved to America and stayed at Sunnydale.

As Angelus, he is considered one of the best Big Bads of Buffy the Vampire Slayer.

First Evil

The First Evil is the final Big Bad of Buffy the Vampire Slayer. It is a shapeshifting form of evil. It first appeared in the third season episode "Amends".

The First Evil is a non corporeal being that can shapeshift into people who died.

The First Evil is considered the Buffyverse equivalent of Satan. 

Shunzhi Emperor

Shunzhi Emperor (; 1638 - 1661 ) was emperor of Qing Dynasty. His surname was Aisin Gioro. Shunzhi Emperor was the ninth son of Huang Taiji and he reigned over China from 1644 to 1661. During his short reign, he implemented plenty of policies. He appointed Han Chinese to be the imperial officials. Also, he put the Upper 3 banners (Plain Yellow, Striped Yellow, and Plain White) under the control of the emperor. Moreover, Shunzhi Emperor let eunuchs participate in government activities.

Prince of Yanping on Taiwan, Zheng Jing wrote about the Shungzhi Emperor : “At the dawn of the New Year, the fake Emperor and Empress would enter a temple to worship their demon gods. It is located at a place where people could not go, and contains idols of males and females embracing each other and engaging in intercourse. After they complete their worship, the two would proceed to the platform naked, and perform in the manner of caged animals, with man on the left and woman on the right…these are truly the despicable customs of beasts. Moreover, when the barbarian chieftain dies, his younger brother violates his sister-in-law in order to perform this ritual in his place, while calling out aloud the name of the late emperor.”


Hush (Buffy the Vampire Slayer)

‘’Hush’’ is an episode of Buffy the Vampire Slayer season four. It was written and directed by Joss Whedon.

A group of silent pale demons known as the Gentlemen have taken the voices of everyone at Sunnydale in a box. Once the Scooby Gang woke up, they learned that they can’t speak. Giles does a slideshow explaining who the Gentlemen are and that they kill people who lost their voice. They had stolen the voices so they won’t get killed by someone screaming.

Joss Whedon was aware the dialogue in the show worked and decided to write an episode where there is mostly none. Buffy’s scream at the end of the episode wasn’t done by Sarah Michelle Gellar.

Hush is considered one of the best Buffy episodes of all time. It got nominated an Emmy Award for Best Writing.

David Greenwalt

David Greenwalt (born October 16, 1946) is an American screenwriter. He was born in Los Angeles, California. He has worked as writer, director and producer on many television series.

Greenwalt is best known as a writer on "Buffy the Vampire Slayer" and co-creator of its spinoff, "Angel". He is also co-creator of the short lived television series "Profit".

On June 1, 2007, The Hollywood Reporter announced that Greenwalt would serve as executive producer and showrunner on "Moonlight", a new series that will debut on CBS in the fall of 2007. He later had to leave the show before it was first aired for health reasons. Executive producer Joel Silver said that his name would remain: "He worked really hard on the arc of the series. He really helped us focus and get started".


Main Page/Other languages

Main Page/Sister projects

</div>

Đồng Hới

Đồng Hới is the capital city of Quảng Bình Province, in the north central coast of Vietnam. The city's area is 155.54 km² (60 square miles). In 2005, 103,005 people lived there.

It is at around 500 km (310 mi) south of Hà Nội (Hanoi), 260 km (160 mi) north of Đà Nẵng (Danang), 1,200 km (750 mi) north of Hồ Chí Minh City (Saigon). It borders Laos on the west, the South China Sea on the east, Hà Tĩnh province on the north, and Quảng Ninh in the south.
Dong Hoi Airport is 6 km north of Dong Hoi.

The city was close to the Vietnamese DMZ, and it was in North Vietnam during the Vietnam War. Since it was so close to the DMZ, it was important for the North Vietnamese. For this reason, the city was heavily bombed by the US Air Force. There is a cathedral called the Tam Toa Church that was bombed during the war. Tam Toa is still ruined today so people could remember the bombing of North Vietnam.

Dong Hoi is subdivided into 16 subdivisions, 10 urban wards ("phường") and 6 rural communes ("xã").

Phong Nha – Kẻ Bàng National Park

Phong Nha-Ke Bang National Park (Vietnamese language: "Vườn quốc gia Phong Nha-Kẻ Bàng") is a national park in Quảng Bình Province, Vietnam. It is about 40 km north of Đồng Hới city. This national park is a UNESCO's World Heritage Site. It protects an area of primitive forest, caves and grottos. This national park has many rare animals and underground rivers. This park has 300 caves and grottoes with a total length of 70 km, of which British and Vietnamese scientists have so far surveyed 20 km. This park has many underground rivers and has biological diversity. In 2003, UNESCO listed this national park in its world heritage sites (natural heritage sites).

Tan Son Nhat International Airport

Tan Son Nhat International Airport () is an airport in Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam. It is the largest airport in Vietnam. It served 8.5 million passengers in 2006 and 11 million passengers in 2007, more than a half of total passengers in Vietnam's airports, as well as two-thirds of international passenger traffic for Vietnam. The airport covers . The airport can handle up to 17 million passengers per year in the two terminals (Domestic, International). The new international terminal was opened on 14th August 2007.

This airport was built by the French colonists in 1930s. During Vietnam War, the United States made the airport larger to serve the war. After the Fall of Saigon in April 1975, this airport was made commercial.

Romulus Augustus

Flavius Romulus Augustus (461 – after 476), often called Romulus Augustulus ("little Augustus"), was a Western Roman Emperor. He reigned from 31 October, 475 to 4 September, 476 when Odoacer deposed him. The end of his rule is considered to be the end of the western part of the Roman Empire.


476

476 was a leap year.



395

395 was a common year.



Justinian I

Justinian I () (, ) (c. 482 – 14 November 565), commonly known as Justinian the Great, was Eastern Roman Emperor from 527 until his death. He is considered a saint by Eastern Orthodox Christians. Justinian simplified Roman laws. These are now called "Corpus Juris Civilis".

Justinian was born to a Illyrian peasant farmer family in 482 or 483 A.D. Justinian's uncle rose from humble beginnings to become a great general and then Emperor. Justinian was educated by his uncle, who gave him important jobs and appointed him as his successor. It was a wise decision. Justinian was astute, gifted, and ambitious. He modeled himself after the ancient Roman Caesars. After becoming Emperor in 527, Justinian worked to restore Byzantium to its former glory. 

Justinian proved to be a strong and effective leader in many ways. He significantly enlarged the empire’s borders. Within those boundaries, he made significant advances in government, construction, and law. He reformed the Byzantine government in order to increase efficiency and eliminate corruption. Justinian also embarked on a large-scale construction project. He oversaw the construction of the Hagia Sophia, a church in Constantinople that is now regarded as a masterpiece of Byzantine architecture. He also supported numerous other civic projects in the city, including a magnificent new Senate building. 

Justinian was a devout Christian who was actively involved in religious matters. He punished those found to be heretics, including Jews. He forbade Jews from erecting or reading the Bible in Hebrew, for example. Justinian also worked hard to reconcile the early church's differences of opinion. For example, different groups within the church held opposing views on whether Jesus Christ was fully divine (having the nature of a god) and should be worshiped as an equal to God. This disagreement persisted long after Justinian's death. 

Justinian's legal reform was far more successful. He reorganized and standardized complicated Roman laws, and had the remaining laws written down clearly and logically in a single work known as the Code of Justinian. This remarkable work served as the foundation of European law until modern times.


Diocletian

Diocletian (Gaius Aurelius Valerius Diocletianus, about 245 to about 312) was Roman Emperor from 20 November 284 to 11 May 305. He was born in Dalmatia of poor parents. Diocletian ended the period known as the Crisis of the Third Century (235–284). He worked to return Rome to its former glory by making changes in key areas.

Religion: He persecuted Christians, crucifying more than any other emperor. He imposed the traditional polytheistic religion of the Romans.

Economy: Recognizing a gold drain from the western Mediterranean to the east, he tried to stop the inflation of the region by legislation. This did not work. He decreed that coins could only be made of gold or silver, stopping the trend of using lead in their creation. He made the tax system work better.

Military: Diocletian changed the army from the traditional garrison defense. He put small outposts of soldiers on the border. He got local soldiers from the border regions along the Rhine and Danube rivers. These soldiers farmed and lived with their families in a village atmosphere. They lit signal fires on signal towers to warn other outposts of possible invasion by Germans from across the border. These outpost soldiers got regular pay from Rome for their services. He allowed soldiers to move up through the ranks by "military credits" earned by years of loyal service and by actions on the field of battle.

Diocletian established a form of government known as the tetrarchy. In this, the Empire was organised into four parts, each ruled by a co-emperor. Diocletian took charge of the eastern empire. The senior co-emperor was Maximian Augustus, a fellow officer. He took charge of the western empire. Later, two junior co-emperors were added: Galerius and Constantius Chlorus.

Finally, in 305, the two senior emperors abdicated and retired, and the two juniors rose to the rank of "Augustus". They in turn were supported by two juniors: Severus II in the west under Constantius, and Maximinus in the east under Galerius. In this way, the Tetrarchy showed how it could reproduce itself.

These men were from the Roman province of Illyria, several in the city of Sirmium, which would become one of the four capitals under this system. From the time of Domitian (81–96), when over half the Roman army was deployed in the Danubian regions, the Illyrian provinces had been the most important recruiting ground of the auxilia and later the legions.

In the 3rd century, Romanised Illyrians came to dominate the army's senior officer echelons. Ultimately, the Illyrian officer class seized control of the state itself.

The four Tetrarchs based themselves not at Rome but in other cities closer to the frontiers, mainly intended as headquarters for the defence of the empire. They faced Persia and the Germanic tribes. Also, there were many tribes from the eastern steppe which presented at the Rhine and Danube.

The four centres are known as the 'Tetrarchic capitals'. Although Rome ceased to be the operational capital, it was still the nominal capital of the entire empire. It had its own Prefect of the City, an idea later copied in Constantinople. The four Tetrarchic capitals were:


Aquileia, a port on the Adriatic coast, and Eboracum (modern York, in northern England near the Scottish tribes), were also significant centres for Maximian and Constantius respectively.

In terms of regional jurisdiction there was no precise division between the four Tetrarchs, and this period did not see the Roman state actually split up into four distinct sub-empires. Each emperor had his zone of influence within the Roman Empire, but little more, mainly high command in a 'war theatre'. Each Tetrarch was himself often in the field, while delegating most of the administration to the hierarchic bureaucracy headed by his respective Praetorian Prefect, each supervising several Vicarii, the governors-general in charge of another new administrative level, the civil diocese. 
For a listing of the provinces, now known as eparchy, within each quarter (known as a praetorian prefecture), see Roman province.

In the West, the "Augustus" Maximian controlled the provinces west of the Adriatic Sea and the Syrtis, and within that region his "Caesar", Constantius, controlled Gaul and Britain. In the East, the arrangements between the "Augustus" Diocletian and his "Caesar", Galerius, were much more flexible.

Diocletian's reforms fundamentally changed the structure of Roman imperial government, and stabilized the empire economically and militarily. This helped the empire to remain intact for another hundred years, despite having seemed near the brink of collapse in Diocletian's youth.

Weakened by illness, Diocletian left the imperial office on 1 May 305, and became the first Roman emperor to voluntarily abdicate the position. He lived out his retirement in his palace on the Dalmatian coast, tending to his vegetable gardens. His palace eventually became the core of the modern-day city of Split.

Maximian attempted to return to power. Diocletian ordered him to step down permanently. Finally, Maximian was forced to commit suicide and the tetrarchy began to unravel . Diocletian despaired and died in 311, possibly of suicide.


Riku

Riku is a Finnish and Japanese given name:


Huns

The Huns were an early group of Central Asian equestrian nomads or semi-nomadic people. They moved into Europe around 370, and in the 5th century, built an empire there under Attila the Hun. After Attila's death in 453, the empire fell apart.


Visigoths

The Visigoths ("Western Goths") were one of two main branches of the Goths, an East Germanic tribe (the Ostrogoths were the other). Both were among the loosely-defined Germanic tribes that fought the Roman Empire during the Migration Period. 

Most famously, a Visigothic force, led by King Alaric I, succeeded in storming Rome in 410 AD. Later Visigothic kings ruled southern Gaul, and Hispania after they had taken it from the Alans and the Vandals.

After the collapse of the Western Roman Empire, the Visigoths played a major role in southwestern Europe for another 250 years and adopted Roman culture and clothing.


Turkic peoples

The Turkic peoples are a group of peoples. They speak languages belonging to the Turkic family. A Turkic person is called a "Turk" and mainly come from these independent states: Kazakhstan, Uzbekistan, Azerbaijan, Turkey, Kyrgyzstan and Turkmenistan.

However there are Turks in many places. Today, most people in Central Asia are Turks. Many Turks live in Siberia, the Caucasus area, the Middle East, and Eastern Europe.

Turkic people can sometimes understand each other during communication because of their language being connected to Turkic and having the same words.


Trajan

Trajan (Marcus Ulpius Nerva Traianus, 18 September 53 – 9 August 117) was Roman Emperor from 98 to 117. 

Born in the province of Hispania Baetica into an Italic family, Trajan rose to prominence during the reign of emperor Domitian. Serving as a general in the Roman army along the German frontier, Trajan successfully put down the revolt of Antonius Saturninus in 89.

In September 96, Domitian was succeeded by Nerva, an old and childless senator who proved to be unpopular with the army. After a brief and tumultuous year in power, a revolt by members of the Praetorian Guard compelled him to adopt the more popular Trajan as his heir and successor. Nerva died on 27 January 98, and was succeeded by Trajan without incident.

As a civilian administrator, Trajan is best known for his extensive public building program which reshaped the city of Rome and left multiple enduring landmarks such as Trajan's Forum, Trajan's Market and Trajan's Column. 

Early in his reign he annexed Nabataea (between the Arabian and Sinai peninsulas), creating the province of Arabia Petraea. His conquest of Dacia enriched the empire greatly - the new province possessed many valuable gold mines. His war against the Parthian Empire ended with the sack of its capital Ctesiphon and the annexation of Armenia and Mesopotamia. His campaigns expanded the Roman Empire to its greatest territorial extent.

In late 117, while sailing back to Rome, Trajan fell ill and died of a stroke in the city of Selinus. He was deified by the Senate, and succeeded by his adopted son Hadrian.

As an emperor, Trajan's reputation has endured — he is one of the few rulers whose reputation has survived nineteen centuries. Every new emperor after him was honoured by the Senate with the prayer "felicior Augusto, melior Traiano", meaning "may he be luckier than Augustus and better than Trajan". Among medieval Christian theologians, Trajan was considered a "virtuous pagan", while the 18th century historian Edward Gibbon popularized the notion of the Five Good Emperors, of which Trajan was the second.

Amazons

In Greek mythology, the Amazons (, "Amazónes", singular , "Amazōn") were a tribe of warrior women. The Amazons as they appear in myth may have been inspired by warrior women among the Scythians and Sarmatians. Their place of residence was the subject of much dispute: according to both Herodotus and Strabo, these warrior women lived on the banks of the river Thermodon, by the Black Sea, while Diodorus states that, prior to the ones by the Black Sea, there lived a different tribe of Amazons in the region of Libya. The Amazons were said to have founded several cities and temples found in Smyrna, Sinope, Cyme, Gryne, Ephesus, Pitania, Magnesia, Clete, Pygela, Latoreria and Amastris; according to legend, the Amazons were the ones who invented the cavalry.


Würzburg (disambiguation)

Würzburg can mean:

Tammy Faye Messner

Tamara "Tammy" Faye Messner (March 7, 1942 - July 20, 2007) was an American Christian singer, evangelist, entrepreneur, author, talk show host, and television personality. She was born in International Falls, Minnesota. 

Messner was a contestant in the second season of "The Surreal Life".

Messner died of colon cancer in Loch Lloyd, Missouri.

Sapphire

Sapphire is a type of the mineral corundum, an aluminium oxide (AlO). Sapphires are the same as rubies, except that they are not red.

Sapphire can be found in the ground or it can be made in large crystal. Blue sapphires are the most famous kind, but they can be many different colors, like amber and orange. 
Sapphires have a long history. Tradition says that the tablets of the Ten Commandments were made of sapphire, so strong a hammer could not break them, and would break instead if it hit them. The ancient Persians believed that the earth sat on a big sapphire and that the big sapphire made the sky blue.

A lot of ancient people thought rubies made people calm down, as well as cure their bruises.
Sapphires have been used by kings and queens for a long time as a symbol of luck, virtue, wisdom, and holiness. Princess Diana and Princess Anne both received sapphire engagement rings and the British Crown Jewels are full of large blue sapphires, the symbol of kind and wise rulers.

Sapphires represent September. It symbolizes telling the truth and doing what you said you would.

Sapphire is actually just corundum and is one of the hardest minerals on the hardness scale. Since sapphire is the second hardest mineral in the hardness scale, it is sometimes used as a polishing tool. 

This mineral is found in gem gravel deposits. These deposits are formed from the heat of metamorphic or igneous rock plateaus. The places where sapphire is formed abundantly are Myanmar, Thailand, India and Sri Lanka. The most costly and beautiful sapphires are shipped from Kashmir, India. In other words, sapphire is mostly found in Asia. Recent findings of sapphire have taken place in Australia, Kenya, and Tanzania. 

Sapphire was the first mineral to be lab grown in a strategy called "flame fusion". Another strategy, slightly harder to use, "flux growth" was used to lab grow sapphire.

Heating yellow, light yellow, or colorless sapphire from 1500-1900oc can turn into a dark yellow, gold, golden brown, orange, or a reddish brown colored sapphire. There is a specific kind of sapphire called Star sapphires have whitish pieces of rutile or silk as some call it. Star sapphires can be heated to remove the blue color of sapphire and can be heated even more to get the blue color back and remove the white silk.

U of Texas. "corundum." ruby and sapphire notes. U of Texas, 24 Aug. 2012. Web. 
30 Oct. 2012. <http://www.geo.utexas.edu/courses/347k/redesign/gem_notes/ 
corundum/corundum_triple_frame.htm>.

Gait, Robert I. "Sapphire." World Book Advanced. World Book, 2012.Web. 4 Dec. 2012.

Anne Hathaway

Anne Jacqueline Hathaway (born November 12, 1982) is an American movie and stage actress. She has won many awards including an Academy Award, a British Academy Film Award, a Golden Globe Award, and a Primetime Emmy Award.

Hathaway became famous for her leading role in "The Princess Diaries." and its sequel. Following this, she appeared in several family movies in the early 2000s. She made a transition into adult films with her roles in the 2005 drama "Brokeback Mountain" and the comedy-drama "The Devil Wears Prada" (2006). 

She has since starred in many films including Tim Burton's 2010 Alice in "Wonderland"", The Dark Knight Rises, Les Misérables and The Devil Wears Prada". She has also done voice acting in movies including "Rio".

Anne Hathaway was born in New York City. Her mother is a former actress. She was raised as a Roman Catholic. Hathaway has spoken about her depression when she was a teenager.

Hathaway married actor and businessman Adam Shulman on September 29, 2012. They have two children.

"Forbes" reported that Hathaway was one of the world's highest-paid actresses in 2015. In 2009, she was included on "Forbes"' annual Celebrity 100 list with earnings of $7 million. As of July 2018, her films have grossed $6.7 billion worldwide. She has also done several advertising campaigns for brands.

Anne Hathaway supports abortion rights, gun control, immigrant rights, gender equality, same-sex marriage and racial equality. Following the Russian invasion of Ukraine, she donated money to charities helping Ukrainians.


Fear Factor

Fear Factor is an American stunt/dare reality game show. It was created by Endemol Netherlands. The program was first aired on June 11, 2001.

The original Dutch version of the program was called "Now or Neverland". When Endemol USA and NBC changed it to be shown in America in 2001, they changed the name to "Fear Factor". "Fear Factor" has many different versions which are shown in different countries.

The program has contestants compete against each other in a series of stunts. The person who finishes better and/or quicker than all the other contestants gets a prize of US$50,000. For the first five years the program was made, the contestants were usually three men and three women. Each person played for themselves. In the sixth year, the show changed. They started using four teams of two people. The members of each team had some relationship with one another, for example Father-daughter, Husband-wife, or friends. Each team played for a shared prize of the same amount. "Fear Factor" is hosted by comedian Joe Rogan and executive produced by Matt Kunitz. The main music for the program is composed and written by Russ Landau. Other music used on the show is made from rhythmic themes most notably taken from the popular game "Half-Life".

"Fear Factor" was an attempt by NBC to compete with the successful series, "Survivor". The program was very popular for the network in the summer of 2001. It had strong ratings for the next couple of years, but in later years, the ratings were not as good. In 2006, "Fear Factor" was being shown at the same time as TV ratings champion, the Fox talent series "American Idol" on Tuesday nights. It did not get good ratings during this time. During the sixth season, NBC decided to not show the program for the rest of the year to make room for the sitcom "Joey". That series was only shown for a few weeks. NBC canceled "Fear Factor" in May of 2006. The network began showing the remaining episodes of the sixth season on June 13, 2006. These episodes were shown throughout the summer. In 2004, "Fear Factor" became the first network reality show to be syndicated. Over its six seasons, "Fear Factor" earned NBC a reported $600 million from selling advertising during the program.

On May 31, 2011, NBC announced that "Fear Factor" would be revived for a new season. Eight episodes, two of which were 30 minutes long, were ordered. Rogan returned as host of the show. The revival began on December 12, 2011. On May 13, 2012, NBC announced the cancellation of the show. The last episode aired on July 16, 2012.


Joe Rogan

Joe Rogan (born August 11, 1967) is an American podcaster, commentator, comedian, and actor. He has a podcast and YouTube show called "The Joe Rogan Experience". A lot of the people that he has interviewed on it are known for being controversial people on the Internet and are called the Intellectual Dark Web. Rogan hosted a debate about Internet censorship between Tim Pool and Jack Dorsey. He has also interviewed people with controversial ideas about the vaccine for Covid-19. 

Rogan is also a color commentator for the Ultimate Fighting Championship. He holds a Brown Belt in Brazilian jiu-jitsu under Eddie Bravo and Jean Jacques Machado.

He played the role of Joe Garrelli in "NewsRadio" and hosted the television game/reality program "Fear Factor".

Rogan has been described as a libertarian. He self-identifies as socially liberal, supporting same-sex marriage, gay rights, women’s rights, recreational drug use, universal healthcare, and universal basic income. Despite this, he is a gun rights advocate.

Endemol

Endemol was a media company based in the Netherlands that produced programs for television. The company had subsidiaries and joint ventures in 23 countries. These countries included the United Kingdom, the United States, France, Mexico, Spain, Italy, Germany, Argentina, Poland, Netherlands, India, South Africa, Lebanon, Morocco and Australia among others.

Endemol was founded in 1994 with the combining of the television companies owned by Joop van den Ende and John de Mol. The name of the company comes from the combination of their surnames (Ende + Mol). The company is best known for making reality programs. One of its best known programs is the reality series "Big Brother". This series has over 40 different version which are shown in over 100 countries. The company also makes many different game shows such as "Deal or No Deal", "Fear Factor" and "Anime de Training EX". It also creates the popular series "".

Endemol was bought by Shine Group (a joint-venture between and ) and was headquartered in the Netherlands in 2015 ad Endemol Shine Group.


Hilton Hotels

The Hilton Hotels brand was re-united internationally after more than 40 years in February 2006, when United States-based Hilton Hotels Corporation purchased the lodging arm of United Kingdom-based Hilton Group PLC, which had acquired Hilton's international operations in 1987 (the companies had been severed originally in 1966).

Hilton Hotels became America's first coast-to-coast hotel chain in 1943. The company places marketing emphasis on business travel, but owns and operates a number of resorts and leisure-oriented hotels as well.

As of April 2007, the chain has 229 Hilton branded hotels across the world and has partnerships with many airlines and car rental companies.

Hilton Hotels & Resorts is the flagship brand of Hilton and one of the largest hotel chains in the world.

The company focuses on business and recreational tourists, so it has hotels in the centers of major cities, near airports, conference centers, as well as in popular vacation destinations around the world. Hilton Hotels & Resorts participates in Hilton Honors, a guest loyalty program of Hilton. Program members who book rooms directly through Hilton services receive exclusive discounts and benefits, such as free Wi-Fi, digital registration, keyless room access and the ability to choose any number you like using the Hilton Honors mobile app.

Emily Osment

Emily Jordan Osment (born March 10, 1992 Los Angeles, California) is an American actress and singer. She is most famous for her roles of Gerti Giggles in the "Spy Kids" trilogy, and Lilly Truscott in "Hannah Montana". The younger brother of former child actor Haley Joel Osment, actress/vocalist Emily Osment launched her career at a young age, having landed a role in the 1999 film The Secret Life of Girls when she was only seven years old. The Los Angeles native furthered her career by also appearing in Spy Kids 2: The Island of Lost Dreams, Spy Kids 3-D: Game Over, and the Disney Channel series Hannah Montana, where she enjoyed a recurring role as Lily Truscott. Osment also tried her hand at singing, kicking off that aspect of her career by performing alongside Billy Ray Cyrus on his 2007 album Home at Lastand contributing a song to the soundtrack of R.L. Stine's The Haunting Hour: Don't Think About It, in which she also starred. After making appearances on several Disney compilations, she began voicing a desire to tackle more rock-influenced music, and writing sessions with members of Eve 6 and Plain White T's helped her compile enough material for her debut EP, 2009's All the Right Wrongs. Osment switched directions for her full-length debut, though, leaving rock music behind and embracing electronic dance-pop on 2010's Fight or Flight.

Kerry Katona

Kerry Jayne Elizabeth Katona (born 6 September 1980 in Warrington, Cheshire, England) is an English television presenter, magazine columnist, actress and former pop singer with girl group Atomic Kitten.

She was a contestant on the sixth series of "Dancing on Ice in 2011. She finished in second place in the 2011 UK series of Celebrity Big Brother. 

In 2006, Katona was diagnosed with bipolar disorder.

Atomic Kitten

Atomic Kitten is an English girl group from Liverpool. The people in the band are Liz "Lil" McClarnon, Natasha "Tash" Hamilton, and Jenny Frost - who replaced original member Kerry Katona in January 2001. Atomic Kitten has sold over 12 million albums and 8 million singles around the world. Many of their singles and albums, such as: "Right Now," "Whole Again," "Eternal Flame," "The Tide Is High," and "Ladies Night are in the top 40 charts of many countries. The group reformed in 2012, with Katona and without Frost.

Warrington

Warrington is a large town and borough within the ceremonial county of Cheshire, England. It sits beside the West Coast Mainline, the M6, M56 and M62 motorways, and alongside the Manchester Ship Canal. 

Darin (singer)

Darin Zanyar (born June 2, 1987), known simply as Darin, is a pop singer from Sweden.
Darin was the first place runner-up in the "Swedish Idol" 2004, acquiring a fanbase primarily of teenage girls. Darin lives in Vällingby outside of Stockholm. He is of Kurdish heritage, and he speaks Central Kurdish. He won the "Kurd of the year" award in 2005 presented by Swedish Minister for Public Health and Social Services Morgan Johansson. Darin released his first album in February 2005, with songs by Swedish hit maker Max Martin and Swedish artist Robyn. The same year he released his 2nd album “Darin” which went platinum and provided him even more success than his debut album. At the end of 2006, Darin released his 3rd album “Break the News”. It went straight to number 1 in the chart and went gold the first day. Following his success in Sweden, Darin signed a new deal with EMI Germany, Switzerland and Austria. Zanyar currently has an entry in the Melodifestivalen 2010 in hopes of representing Sweden at the Eurovision Song Contest 2010 in Oslo. Today he is one Sweden's best selling artists with 7 number one albums. In 2018 Darin was the most played artist on radio in all of Sweden, thanks to his songs "Tvillingen" and "Astronaut". The following year he held his first arena tour in Stockholm Globen, Gothenburg Scandinavium and Malmö Malmö Arena.



Gästrikland

, is a historical province or "landskap" on the eastern coast of Sweden. It borders Uppland, Västmanland, Dalarna, Hälsingland and the Gulf of Bothnia. The province is the southernmost district of Norrland.

Uppland

Uppland is a historical province or "landskap" on the eastern coast of Sweden, just north of Stockholm, the capital. It borders Södermanland, Västmanland and Gästrikland. It is also bounded by lake Mälaren and the Baltic sea. It has an extremely short and strangely shaped land border with Åland, an autonomous province of Finland, on the small uninhabited island of Märket in the Baltic.

The name literally means "up land", a name which is commonly encountered in especially older English literature. Its Latinised form, which is occasionally used, is "Uplandia".

Västmanland

Västmanland is a historical Swedish province, or "landskap", in middle Sweden. It borders Södermanland, Närke, Värmland, Dalarna and Uppland.

The name comes from "West men", referring to the people west of Uppland, the core province of early Sweden.

Värmland

Värmland is a historical province or "landskap" in the west of middle Sweden. It borders Västergötland, Dalsland, Dalarna, Västmanland and Närke. It is also bounded by Norway in the west. Its Latin name is "Wermelandia"; its English derivative is "Wermland" or similar variation. The origin of the name is uncertain. It may refer to a lake by that name, or to a river.

Värmland is the home of several Swedish dansbands and writers.

Gulf of Bothnia

The Gulf of Bothnia is the northernmost arm of the Baltic Sea. It is situated between Finland's west coast and Sweden's east coast. In the south of the gulf lie the Åland Islands, between the Sea of Åland and the Archipelago Sea. Gulf of Bothnia is often divided into three parts which are called in Finnish language: 


Lolo Ferrari

Lolo Ferrari (9 February 1963 – 5 March 2000) was the stage name of a French dancer and actress billed as "the woman with the largest breasts in the world", though their size was artificially achieved. She was born Eve Valois in Clermont-Ferrand, Puy-de-Dome.

She started as a model and a prostitute.

Encouraged by her husband, Ferrari underwent numerous plastic surgery operations to create a silicone-enhanced bust (22 enlargements, a Guinness world record).

She became a regular guest on the television series "Eurotrash" on Channel 4 in the United Kingdom.

Ferrari committed suicide by drug overdose in Grasse, Alpes-Maritimes.

Fluorescent lamp

A fluorescent lamp is a type of electric light (lamp) that uses ultraviolet emitted by mercury vapor to excite a phosphor, which emits visible light. There are two general types, traditional fluorescent and compact fluorescent. This article is about traditional (straight tube shaped) fluorescent lamps.

The purchase price of a fluorescent lamp is often much higher than an incandescent lamp of the same output, and the light from fluorescent lamps looks different to light from incandescent lamps. Fluorescent lamps have a longer rated life and use less energy than an incandescent lamp of the same brightness. A fluorescent lamp can save over US$30 in electricity costs over the lamp’s lifetime compared to an incandescent lamp.

An electric current is applied to mercury vapor inside the tube, causing it to emit ultraviolet (UV) light. A phosphor on the walls of the tube absorbs the ultraviolet light. This causes an electron to jump up to an orbital with a higher energy. When the electron drops back down to its normal orbital, the phosphor re-emits its energy as visible light.

The ballast prevents too much electricity from flowing through the tube. It also starts the lamp with a high voltage for a split second when it is switched on. The ballast is located inside the fixture in traditional fluorescent tube fixtures. In compact fluorescent bulbs the ballast is in or near the base of the bulb. There are two types of ballasts, magnetic and electronic. Magnetic ballasts have mostly fallen out of use, as they are less efficient than electronic ballasts, they cause the bulb to flicker, and they do not start instantly. Electronic ballasts were at one time more expensive than magnetic ballasts, but now the price is about the same.

The average rated life of a fluorescent light bulb is 8 to 15 times longer that of incandescent light bulbs. Fluorescent light bulbs typically have a rated lifespan of 7,000 to 15,000 hours, whereas incandescent lamps are usually manufactured to have a lifespan of 750 hours or 1,000 hours.

The lifetime of any lamp depends on many factors, including operating voltage, manufacturing defects, exposure to voltage spikes, mechanical shock, frequency of cycling on and off, lamp orientation, and ambient operating temperature. The life of a fluorescent lamp is significantly shorter if it is turned on and off frequently. In the case of a 5-minute on/off cycle the lifespan of a fluorescent lamp can be reduced to "close to that of incandescent light bulbs". The U.S. Energy Star program suggests that fluorescent lamps be left on when leaving a room for less than 15 minutes so that this problem does not happen. If the light must be switched on and off often, Cold cathode fluorescent lamps can be used. Cold cathode fluorescent lamps are designed for many more on/off cycles than standard lamps.

The mercury inside the tube is toxic and makes these bulbs hazardous waste. The bulbs must be taken to a recycling center after they stop working. During normal use, the mercury cannot escape, although it will escape if the bulb is broken. If a single bulb breaks, it is not usually a problem. It is recommended to open windows to air out the room, and to clean up broken glass with duct tape instead of a vacuum cleaner.

Many people and businesses do not want to use fluorescent lamps due to their mercury content. Halogen, LED, and traditional incandescent bulbs are possible alternatives.

LED tubes can be installed in fluorescent tube fixtures, but sometimes an electrician needs to rewire the fixture first to remove the ballast.


My December

My December is Kelly Clarkson's third album. The songs "Never Again", "Sober" and "One Minute" have been released.

Tropical Storm Chantal (2007)

Tropical Storm Chantal was a very short-lived storm in the northern Atlantic Ocean that stayed away from land during most of its existence. It was also the third named storm of the 2007 Atlantic hurricane season. The stormed formed from a non-tropical system between Bermuda on Cape Cod, Massachusetts that developed on July 31 with good conditions for further development. The storm had maximum sustained winds of 50 mph (80 km/h) and began to move quickly northeastwards into colder water temperatures. When convection began to decrease, the National Hurricane Center stopped sending out advisories on August 1 when Chantal began to turn into an extratropical cyclone. Later, the remnants moved over southeast Newfoundland, before moving into the Arctic Ocean.

An area of thunderstorm activity developed on July 28 about 100 miles (160 km) east of the Bahamas which was associated with a weak low pressure system. It moved north-northeastward, into poor environmental conditions which left the system disorganized. However, conditions then were forecasted to become better for development, and by July 29 the National Hurricane Center stated that it had "potential for tropical or subtropical development." On July 30, the low passed to the west of Bermuda as it continued moving northeastward, under the effects of a large mid-latitude trough. The system contained an exposed low-level circulation, which from time to time passed under a thick area of convection to its northeast. By early on July 31, ship reports and QuikSCAT observations detected winds of 35 mph (55 km/h), and the center was well-involved enough with the convection for the National Hurricane Center to name it as "Tropical Depression Three" while it was located about 270 miles (435 km) north-northwest of Bermuda, or about 445 miles (710 km) south-southeast of Chatham, Massachusetts.

By six hours after development, the depression had of a somewhat exposed low-level center with deep convection taking up most of the northeastern semicircle. Located over sea surface temperatures of about 80º F (27º C), one forecaster said the depression had "a small window of opportunity... for it to reach tropical storm strength before transitioning to an extratropical cyclone." The system organized further, and based on satellite pictures and QuikSCAT data, the National Hurricane Center upgraded the depression to Tropical Storm Chantal at 1215 UTC on July 31 while located about 330 miles (530 km) south of Halifax, Nova Scotia. By three hours later the system formed a well-defined curved banding features, and Chantal reached maximum systained winds of 50 mph (80 km/h) at 40.2º N. The storm speed up northeastward into an area of cold waters and cooler air, and early on August 1 the National Hurricane Center gave out its last advisory on Chantal as it began extratropical transition.

After becoming an extratropical cyclone, Chantal managed to keep scattered convection near its center, though its main area of convection and clouds moved to its north. On August 1, the cyclone made landfall on Newfoundland along the Avalon Peninsula, and by late in the day the extratropical remnants of Chantal were about 265 miles (425 km) northeast of St. John's, Newfoundland and Labrador and moving northeastward at 44 mph (70 km/h).

The weather system that would later become Chantal began to affect Bermuda on July 30. It caused some thunderstorms. The next day, it caused heavy rainfall that reached r2.12 inches (53.8 mm) at the Bermuda International Airport. Winds on the island reached 45 mph (72 km/h) because of the weather system. After Chantal passed Bermuda, a ship with the call sign of "C60Y4" recorded winds of 37 mph (59 km/h).

Shortly after the system became a tropical storm, the Atlantic Storm Prediction Center of Canada sent out gale warnings for the waters off of Newfoundland. The Newfoundland Labrador Weather Office also issued warnings for heavy rain.

In the open ocean, waves from Chantal reached 20 feet (6 m) high. The storm also had effects on land. A wind gust of 54 mph (88 km/h) was reported. What was left of Chantal caused heavy rainfall in a short time in Newfoundland. In the province, rainfall peaked at 5.9 inches (150 mm) at Whitbourne. The rainfall caused flooding and also caused streets to wash out in several cities on the Avalon Peninsula. Several towns declared states of emergencies along the Avalon Peninsula.



Flinders Street Station

Flinders Street Station is the central railway station of the rail network of Melbourne, Australia. It is on the corner of Flinders and Swanston Streets next to the Yarra River in the middle of the city, stretching from Swanston Street to Queen Street and covering two city blocks. Each weekday, about 105,000 people and 1,500 trains use the station.

It is serviced by Metro's suburban and city loop services, and V/Line's regional services.

The first railway station in the Flinders Street site was called Melbourne or City Terminus, and was a collection of sheds. It was completed in 1854 and was officially opened on 12 September by Sir Charles Hotham. The terminus was the first city railway station in Australia, and the opening day saw the first steam train trip in the country. It travelled to Sandridge (now Port Melbourne), over the Sandridge Bridge (which has now been redeveloped in 2006 as a pedestrian and cycle bridge across the Yarra River), travelling along the now light rail Port Melbourne line.

Melbourne's two other early central-city stations, Spencer Street Station (now Southern Cross Station) and Princes Bridge, opened in 1859. Princes Bridge was originally separated from Flinders Street, even though it was only on the opposite side of Swanston Street. Once the railway line was extended under the street to join the two, Princes Bridge slowly became amalgamated into Flinders Street. Federation Square now occupies its site.

In 1882 the government decided to build a new central passenger station to replace the existing construction. A worldwide design competition was held in 1899, with 17 entries received. The £500 first prize went to railway employees J. W. Fawcett and H. P. C. Ashworth, whose design included a giant dome and clock tower. Work began in 1901 and ended in 1910.

Flinders Street Station's platforms are numbered from north to south, with Platform No. 1 being the farthest north, and generally serve specific lines as follows.

Platform 1: South Morangand Hurstbridge

Platforms 2 & 3: Belgrave, Glen Waverley and Lilydale

Platforms 4 & 5: Alamein, Blackburn trains on the Belgrave and Lilydale lines (both platform 4 only), Cragieburn, Sydenham, Upfield and Werribee

Platforms 6 & 7: Cranbourne, Frankston and Pakenham 

Platforms 8 & 9: Sandringham and Williamstown (Peak Only)

Platforms 10 & 12–14: Various services, depending on day and time.

"Note that the eastern end of Platform No. 1 is designated as Platform No. 14, past the Platform 1 escalators. Platform 11 is out of use and has no track."

Flinders Street is currently undergoing redevelopment. It will involve cleaning and repair, as well as improving general ability for people who are disabled to move around the station.

The works include: 




RIOT!

RIOT! is a 2007 album by the United States pop rock band Paramore. It is the second album to be released by the band.

The band named the album "Riot" because they liked the definition: "A sudden outburst of uncontrolled emotion".


Paramore

Paramore is an American alternative rock band formed in 2004 in Franklin, Tennessee. At first there were 4 members, Hayley Williams, Josh and Zac Farro and Jeremy Davis. In 2009, Taylor York joined the band. Now there are 3 members - singer Hayley Williams, drummer Zac Farro, and guitarist Taylor York. They have released five studio albums: "All We Know Is Falling", "RIOT!," "Brand New Eyes", and "Paramore, After Laughter" and a live album: 'The Final Riot!' Their most successful album is "Paramore", which reached No.1 on US "Billboard" 200 and sold over 1,000,000 copies. Their song "Monster" was used in 2011 for the 3rd "Transformers" movie. Paramore also released an EP called "The Summer Tic".

Paramore was originally formed in 2004 in Franklin, Tennessee, United States. The members then were vocalist Hayley Williams, lead guitarist Josh Farro, drummer Zac Farro, and bassist Jeremy Davis. Later rhythm guitarist Jason Bynum joined. The name "Paramore" came from the name of their first bassist's mother. When they learned the meaning of the word "paramour" (it means "secret lover"), they decided to use the name under "Paramore" spelling.

Paramore went to Orlando, Florida to start working on their first album. Shortly after, Jeremy Davis left the band for personal reasons. Hayley Williams then wrote the song "All We Know" about his leaving. The band later decided to work the album around that idea, about someone that left something. The album artwork also describes that concept. Hayley Williams explains, "The couch on the cover of "All We Know is Falling" with no one there and the shadow walking away; it's all about Jeremy leaving us and us feeling like there's an empty space." Recording took three weeks, and promotional material for the album only used the four remaining members.

Before starting on tour, the band added bassist John Hembree. But soon, Jeremy Davis returned to Paramore after being asked by the band to replace Hembree.

"All We Know Is Falling" released on July 24, 2005. Paramore also released "Pressure" as their first single. The music video for that song was directed by Shane Drake. The song had failed to get into the charts. In July, they released the second single, called "Emergency". In the music video, Hunter Lamb was their new rhythm guitarist, replacing Jason Bynum. The music video was directed by Shane Drake again. The third single, "All We Know", was released with the video made with live performances and backstage footage. The album reached #30 on the "" Heatseekers Chart. In 2007, Hunter Lamb left the band to get married.

Paramore started recording their second album, called "Riot!" in January 2007. In the recording process, guitarist Josh Farro played all guitar parts because Hunter Lamb's had left. Then Farro's asked their old friend, Taylor York, to joined the band as rhythm guitarist for touring. They released "Riot!" on June 12, 2007. "Riot!" entered the "Billboard" 200 at number 20 and the UK charts at number 24. The album sold 44,000 copies in its first week in the United States.

They called the album ""Riot"" because it meant "a sudden outburst of uncontrolled emotion". The first single from the album, "Misery Business", was released on June 21, 2007. Williams said, "[the song was] more honest than anything I've ever written, and the guys matched that emotion musically."

The second single from "Riot!" is called "Hallelujah". It was released on July 30, 2007. The single is only available on UK television and online. The music video features live performances and backstage footage, just like "All We Know". In August, Paramore was in New Found Glory's music video for their cover of Sixpence None the Richer's song "Kiss Me".

The music video for "Crushcrushcrush" was released on October 11, 2007, as the third single from Riot!. The music video of "Crushcrushcrush" featured Paramore playing the song in a desert being spied on by some people, and later crushed their equipment. The single was released in the United States on November 19. It was available in the United Kingdom on November 12, 2007. Hayley Williams did guest vocals for the songs "The Church Channel" and "Plea" for the Say Anything's album "In Defense of the Genre" that released on October 23, 2007.

Early in February 2008, Paramore started their Europe tour. However on February 21, 2008, they said that they had canceled some shows to fix their personal issues. Williams wrote on the band's website that "the break will give that band a chance to get away and work out our personal issues". MTV.com reported rumors of problems had started earlier in the month when Josh Farro expressed his anger against the media's focus on Hayley Williams. In the middle of those problems, Paramore recorded the music video for "That's What You Get", the album's fourth single. That was released on March 24, 2008.

On May 19, 2008, Paramore posted on their website to say they would be going on tour named "The Final Riot!" from July 25 to September 1.

The band had 2 songs in the soundtrack of the movie "Twilight". Those songs are "Decode" and "I Caught Myself". "Decode" is the first single of the soundtrack. The band started shoot the music video in October 13. The video premiered on November 3, 2008.

On November 25, 2008, Paramore released a live album named "The Final Riot!". The album has a bonus DVD with a full concert recorded in Chicago, and a behind the scenes documentary. On 9 of April 2009, "The Final Riot!" was certified gold in the US.

Paramore released their third studio album called "Brand New Eyes" on September 29, 2009. In this album Taylor York was already a member of Paramore. Paramore decided to named the album ""Brand New Eyes"" because it means "seeing things from a whole new perspective" after all the personal problems in the band. Williams said, "Just trying to let go of whatever we might have struggled with the past and just see each other in a new way." They released 5 singles from this album. They are "Ignorance", "Brick By Boring Brick", "The Only Exception", "Careful", and "Playing God".

On December 18, 2010, Paramore posted on their official website that Josh Farro and Zac Farro had officially left the band. The post stated, "...A couple of months ago, Josh and Zac let us know they would be leaving the band after our show in Orlando last Sunday. None of us were really shocked. For the last year it hasn't seemed as if they wanted to be around anymore. We want Josh and Zac to do something that makes them happy and if that isn't here with us, then we support them finding happiness elsewhere. But we never for a second thought about leaving any of this behind..."

On December 22, 2010, Josh Farro post a response on his Blogger account, telling his version about his departure. The post that Josh wrote was entirely different from the band's post. He said that the band was no more than "a manufactured product of a major-label." He also blame Hayley Williams for treating the rest of the group members as her solo project.

On February 2, 2011, Josh Farro confirmed that he is now in the new band called Novel American.

On March 21, 2011, Paramore said that they were about to entering a studio in Los Angeles with producer Rob Cavallo to record their next studio-album.

In January 2013, Paramore came back with a new album called "Paramore".
They released their new album 'After Laughter'.

Paramore's latest album, "This Is Why" came out in February 2023, and reached #2 on the Billboard 200 chart in the United States.








Stonemasonry

Stonemasonry is the craft of making things out of stone. People who do this are called stonemasons. Their crafts have existed since the start of civilization. They have made important buildings and structures out of stone. This stone comes from the earth. Stone has been used to build many long-lasting things. These could be monuments, artifacts, cathedrals and cities. These can often be seen in many cultures. Some monuments made out of stone include, the Egyptian pyramids and the Greek Parthenon. Stonehenge is also a famous stone building.

Ouran High School Host Club

Ouran High School Host Club is a manga created by Bisco Hatori.

The manga and anime are centered around Haruhi Fujioka, who is a girl mistaken for a boy, and the Host Club which she belongs to. Haruhi is a commoner, and quite poor, whereas the other Host Club members are very rich.

Wei Yuan

Wei Yuan (23 April 1794 – 26 March 1857) was a Chinese scholar during the Qing Dynasty. He wrote books on politics. He was also known as Mo Shen () and Hanshi ().

When Wei Yuan was young, he followed his teacher, Liu Feng, to study the History of China.

During the reign of Daoguang Emperor, Wei Yuan successfully got a provincial degree in the Imperial examinations.

In 1826, Wei Yuan was ordered to write a political book called Huang Chao Jing Shi Wen Pian (). Besides, he helped the imperial official to deal with the problem of building the canals.

From 1841 AD until 1842 AD, Wei Yuan was asked to defeat the British armies in the First Opium War.

From 1842 AD until 1843 AD, Wei Yuan finished writing a book which was about the matters of Western countries. The book was called Illustrated Treatise on the Maritime Kingdoms ().

After the First Opium War, Wei Yuan wrote another book titled Military history of the Qing Dynasty ()


Herbert von Karajan

Herbert von Karajan (born Salzburg, Austria, 5 April 1908; died Salzburg 16 July 1989) was an Austrian conductor. He was probably the best-known conductor in the world during his time. He conducted the greatest orchestras, and made many wonderful recordings. He was the conductor of the Berlin Philharmonic for 35 years.

Herbert von Karajan was born in Salzburg. His name at first was Heribert Ritter von Karajan. In 1916, he went to study the piano at the Mozarteum in Salzburg. There he was told he should learn conducting. By 1929, he was conducting at the Festspielhaus, Salzburg and in 1934 he led the Vienna Philharmonic for the first time. He conducted regularly in Ulm and Aachen. 

In 1937, Karajan first conducted the Berlin Philharmonic and the Berlin State Opera He was very successful when he conducted "Tristan und Isolde". In 1938 a Berlin music critic called him "Das Wunder Karajan" (The Karajan miracle). He started to make recordings. However, one day in June 1939 he was conducting "Die Meistersinger" at Bayreuth in front of Hitler and his guests the King and Queen of Yugoslavia when he suddenly could not remember the music (he was conducting without the score). The singers stopped and the curtain came down. Hitler was very angry and said that Karajan would never conduct at Bayreuth again. This event may actually have helped his career after World War II. Many people who had worked for the Nazis and for Hitler were not allowed to work.

During the war, in 1942, Karajan married Anita Gütermann. She was the daughter of a rich man who had a business making sewing machines. His wife was partly Jewish. This caused the Nazis to talk about whether Karajan should still be allowed to conduct. By 1944, he was not in favour with the Nazis, but he was still conducting in Berlin. He left Berlin and went to Milan, Italy with his wife in February 1945. Karajan divorced Anita in 1958.

Although he was deposed after the war because of his Nazi connections, he started to conduct again in 1946.

Karajan gave his first concert after the war in 1946 in Vienna with the Vienna Philharmonic. He was banned again by the occupying Russians, but started conducting again the next year. 

Karajan gave many concerts with the Vienna Symphony Orchestra for the Gesellschaft der Musikfreunde, Vienna. He conducted at La Scala in Milan for the 1948-49 season. From 1947, he made many recordings with the Philharmonia Orchestra in London and the Vienna Philharmonic in Vienna.

In 1951 and 1952, he conducted again at the Bayreuth Festspielhaus where he changed the seating plan for the orchestra that had been compulsory since Wagner made it in 1876.

In 1955, after the death of Wilhelm Furtwängler, he was made artistic director (conductor) for life of the Berlin Philharmonic. From 1957 to 1964 he was artistic director of the Vienna State Opera.

He very often conducted the Vienna Philharmonic and gave many concerts at the Salzburg Festival. He continued to work very hard performing, conducting, and recording until his death in 1989. In Karajan's last years he left the Berlin Philharmonic after arguments with them, and concentrated on working again with the Vienna State Opera and the Vienna Philharmonic.

Herbert von Karajan had very good musicianship and memory. He conducted without a score in front of him, very often with his eyes closed. He is remembered for being very strict (like a dictator) and always insisting on having things the way he wanted. There are many stories about him that show this. He insisted on being paid very high fees. When he was being filmed conducting an orchestra, he wanted the cameras to show him all the time. When he conducted Wagner at the Metropolitan Opera, he made the stand for the conductor higher so that the audience could see him.


Snape Maltings

Snape Maltings is a group of buildings including a famous concert hall in the village of Snape, Suffolk. Many concerts are given in the Maltings. Every year the Aldeburgh Festival has many of its concerts there. The composer Benjamin Britten used to live in Aldeburgh with the singer Peter Pears. They started a music school for young people. The Britten-Pears Foundation still continues today, with many concerts based in the Maltings. This foundation gives young musicians a chance to learn from famous music teachers and perform at concerts. Many of them have recently graduated from a music college.

The buildings on the site are mostly from the 19th century. They are built on the banks of the River Ore. Originally they were built to make barley and beer. When the barley had been malted it used to be sent to London and exported to Europe. The Maltings closed during the 1960s. Since then the buildings have been restored and rebuilt to include the famous concert hall. It was opened in 1967, burnt down in 1969, and rebuilt in 1970. 

The Holst Library is connected to the Maltings and is named in honour of Imogen Holst, the daughter of Gustav Holst, who was a close friend of Benjamin Britten and an artistic director of the Aldeburgh Festival from 1956 to 1977.

The concert hall is a place for concerts and many other community activities during the year. Aldeburgh Music have concerts in June, and in August the Snape Proms take place. These are concerts at which some audience can by cheap tickets and sit on the floor at the front. They often take rugs to sit on.



Gladiator

Gladiators (Latin: "gladiatōrēs", "swordsmen" or "one who uses a sword," from "gladius", "sword") were professional fighters in ancient Rome, who fought against each other, wild animals and sentenced criminals, sometimes to the death, for the entertainment of the public. These fights took place in arenas in many cities from the Roman Republic period through the Roman Empire.

The word comes from "gladius", the Latin word for a short sword used by legionaries and some gladiators. 

Gladiators often were slaves and people from other countries that fought Ancient Rome and lost and were captured. Some were normal citizens of the Roman Republic who wanted to be a gladiator and give up their freedom for a chance at glory.

There were different types of gladiators in the arena, such as Thracians, Mirmillones, Retiarii, and the Secutores. They used different types of armor and weapons. Besides swords, some used spears or axes. The gladiators were the professional athletes of their time. A few became very famous and rich.

Sometimes gladiators fought to the death. Sometimes the Emperor was there, and would have the final say about who would live and who would die. 


Ohm's law

Ohm's law says that in an electrical circuit, the current passing through a resistor is related to the voltage difference and the electrical resistance between the two sides, as long as the physical conditions and the temperature of the conductor remain constant. Because there are three variables, it can be written in three ways, depending on which variable is placed on the left of the equals sign:
Where I is the current in amperes, "V" is the potential difference in volts, and "R" is a constant, measured in ohms, called the resistance.

Voltage is how much energy is between two points on a circuit. These two points have different charges, one is higher and the other is lower. The difference between these two points of the charge is how we measure the voltage. The unit of “volt” is the name of the Italian physicist Alessandro Volta who created the first chemical battery.  The letter “V” represents voltage.

Current is how fast the charge is flowing. The higher the charge, the faster the current. Current has to do with electrons flowing in a circuit. Current measures how fast the electrons go. The unit of the current is “ampere,” (often referred to as “amps”). The letter “I” is usually used to represent current, from the French "intensité du courant", (current intensity).

Resistance is how much the circuit resists the flow of the charge. This makes sure the charge does not flow too fast and damage the components. In a circuit, a light bulb can be a resistor. If electrons flow through the light bulb, then the light bulb will light up. If the resistance is high, then the lamp will be dimmer. The unit of resistance is “Ω”,  which is called omega, and pronounced “ohm”, it is the name of the inventor of Ohm’s law.

Current, Voltage, and Resistance are related, which is called “Ohm’s law”. The unit of resistance (also named an "Ohm"), is defined so that “1 Ohm” as the resistance between two points in a conductor where the application of 1 volt will push 1 ampere, or 6.241×10^18 electrons, through. This takes energy, which (depending on the component which the charge is flowing through) is usually lost as heat.

For example, a scientist knows that the value of the voltage is 20V. Resistance is known, which is in the light bulb, is 10 Ω. Now we need to find the other unknown variable, which is current. The Ohm’s law formula can be used to solve it. With the two known variables, V(voltage) and R(resistance), the only variable left to find is I(current).

20V= 10Ω * I

I = 2A

In a problem, a scientist always gets enough information to solve the other values, the only thing a scientist has to memorize is the Ohm’s law formula. Then it is used with what is given to solve the unknown part. In the example above, the current is 2 amps.


Lin Shu

Lin Shu (8 November 1852, Fuzhou 9 October 1924, Beijing) was a Chinese translator from Fujian. He worked with others to translate more than 170 titles (mostly novels) from English and French to Chinese.

Kamikaze

Kamikaze (Japanese: 神風; literally: ""god-wind""; usual translation: ""divine wind"") is a word of Japanese origin. It comes from the name the Japanese gave to a typhoon that destroyed the Mongol ships in the 13th century and saved the country from invasion. In Western culture, the word "kamikaze" is used to mean the suicide pilots of the Empire of Japan. Those pilots attacked the ships of the Allied Powers in the final years of World War II, during which they flew their planes into enemy ships. It has also come to mean other kinds of suicide attacks.

Most people in Western culture believe the word "kamikaze" was the name used by the Japanese military for pilots, but that is not true. Their correct name was "tokubetsu kōgeki tai" (特別攻撃隊), which literally means ""special attack team."" This is usually abbreviated "tokkōtai" (特攻隊) in a shortened form. The suicide attacks made by Navy pilots were called "shinpū tokubetsu kōgeki tai" (神風特別攻撃隊, ""divine wind special attack team""). The American translators used a different style of pronunciation of the Japanese language by mistake, and read the word "shinpū" (""divine wind"") as "kamikaze", as those Japanese characters can be read both ways. The name became so well known after the war that Japanese also started using it.

After the attack on Pearl Harbor on December 7, 1941, the Japanese Navy and its Air force were defeated in several important battles, like Midway and the Philippine Sea. They lost many ships (including nearly all the Japanese aircraft carriers), hundreds of fighter aircraft, and many of their best pilots. The Japanese industry was small and very poor compared to the American industry. For this reason, the United States replaced their lost ships and planes with better ones very quickly; but Japan could only make few, and of poor quality. During 1943-44, the Allied forces were moving towards Japan. At the Battle of the Philippine Sea, on June 19-20, 1944, the Japanese forces were pushed back to the Philippines.

On July 15, Saipan (in the Northern Mariana Islands) was captured by Allied forces. The capture of Saipan made it possible for the United States Army Air Force to attack Japan itself, using B-29 Superfortress bombers. After the fall of Saipan, the Japanese commanders knew that the Allies would try to capture the Philippines next. The Philippines were very important because they were located between the oil fields of Southeast Asia and Japan. If Japan lost control over the Philippines, they would have little fuel left for their ships. On October 17, the Allies started the attack on the Philippines in the Battle of Leyte Gulf.

Vice Admiral Takijiro Onishi was in charge of the Japanese Air Force in Manila. He understood that it was impossible to win the battle with so few aircraft and trained pilots. For this reason, he decided to form a suicide attack force, the Special Attack Unit. A group of 24 student pilots volunteered for the mission. The Special Attack force was organized into 4 groups, "Unit Shikishima", "Unit Yamato", "Unit Asahi", and "Unit Yamazakura". These names were taken from a patriotic poem ("waka" or "tanka"), written by the Japanese classical poet, Motoori Norinaga: (敷島の 大和心を 人問はば 朝日に匂う 山桜花). The poem reads: ""Shikishima no Yamato-gokoro wo hito towaba, asahi ni niou yamazakura bana"

The Japanese were defeated at the battle of Leyte Gulf, but the Special Attack force had great success. The first "kamikaze" attack took place on October 21, 1944, against the flagship of the Royal Australian Navy, HMAS "Australia". 30 sailors died in the attack, including its Captain Emile Dechaineux, and many more were wounded. By October 26, 47 more Allied ships had been attacked. Most of them were badly damaged or sunk, like the United States aircraft carrier USS "St. Lo".

This early success convinced the Japanese commanders to continue the "kamikaze" attacks. Many more pilots were recruited to act as "kamikaze". Over the next few months, more than 2,000 planes made such attacks. When the Japanese stock of airplanes began to run low, new models of low quality were built for these missions. Some of them, like the Nakajima Ki-115 "Tsurugi", were made mostly of wood and used stocks of older engines. The plane's landing gear was usually dropped by the pilot after takeoff so it could be used by other aircraft, because he would not be landing again. Similar suicide attack programs were planned, including rocket bombs with pilots (called "Ohka") and submarine torpedoes ("Kaiten").

The high point of "kamikaze" attacks came from April 6 to May 25, 1945 during the Battle of Okinawa, in "Operation Kikusui" (""floating chrysanthemums""). In that time, seven important waves of attacks took place, with more than 1,500 "kamikaze" planes. Because their training had been too short and their airplanes were poorly made, "kamikaze" pilots were easy targets for the experienced Allied pilots, who also had much better planes. But still, the "kamikaze" who escaped the anti-aircraft fire and the enemy fighter airplanes did great damage to the Allied fleet. The Allies won the battle, but they lost many ships and men because of "kamikaze" attacks. By the end of the battle, at least 21 American ships had been sunk by "kamikazes". Some ships from other Allied navies were also sunk, and dozens more were damaged.

Hundreds of extra "kamikaze" planes were ready to defend Japan from invasion. However, with Japan's surrender on August 15 after the atomic bombings of Hiroshima and Nagasaki and the declaration of war by the Soviet Union, they were never used again.

The most important effect of the attacks was creating fear among the Allied troops. When the American ships went to the last battles, the crews were very afraid of "kamikaze" pilots. By the end of World War II, the Japanese Navy had sacrificed 2,525 "kamikaze" pilots, and the Air force had lost 1,387. The Japanese government said, the missions sank 81 ships and damaged 195. They also claimed that the "kamikaze" attacks were the cause of 80% of Allied deaths in the last years of the War.

The American sources claim that "kamikaze" sunk less ships than the Japanese say. But still, they agree that they did very important damage. According to a U.S. Air Force source, the "kamikaze" attackers sunk 34 Navy ships, damaged 368 others, killed 4,900 sailors, and wounded over 4,800. In a 2010 book, the historian Robin Rielly said that about 60 U.S. ships were sunk by kamikazes, and over 400 were damaged by them.

Many "kamikaze" pilots offered themselves as volunteers for the mission. They were usually very young, between 18 and 24 years old. Their belief was that dying when striking the enemies of Japan and the Emperor down was a very honorable death. This principle was traditional since the days of the samurai, and gave great importance to the sense of duty and obedience. This idea was called "Giri" (""Obligation""), and was part of the code of conduct of the Japanese warriors since the Middle Ages, the "Bushido". Many young men sacrificed themselves by their free will because these beliefs and their love for the home land were the most important things for them. The "tokkōtai" pilot's manual told pilots to never close their eyes. This was because if a pilot closed his eyes he would miss his target. In the final moments before the crash, the pilot was to shout ""Hissatsu!"" (""Critical Strike!"") as loud as he could.

However, many others did so because of social pressure. Not offering oneself as a volunteer was a sign of cowardice and dishonor. Several professional pilots who were ordered to do suicide attacks did it because of military obedience, not because of honor. One of the first "kamikaze" pilots, Lieutenant Yukio Seki, wrote after nearly being forced to volunteer:

A special ceremony before going to combat usually took place. Pilots drank sake and ate a ball of rice. They were given medals, and a katana sword. They put on a headband with the rising sun, and a "sennibari", a ""belt of a thousand stitches"" made by a thousand women, who made one stitch each. Many times, they took prayers written by their families with them. According to legend, young pilots on "kamikaze" missions many times flew southwest from Japan over the 922-metre (~3000 ft) Mount Kaimon. Suicide mission pilots looked over their shoulders to see this, and said farewell to their country. Another legend says that "kamikaze" pilots dropped flowers from the air, as they departed on their final missions. Some places, like the hills near Kikajima airport, are said to have beds of cornflower that bloom in early May from those days.

Some important military men who survived the war criticized the "kamikaze" plan years after. Saburo Sakai, a war time ace pilot said:



Ü

Ü (or ü) is a letter not used in English. It is commonly used to represent the sound . Ü started as a u with an e above it. It comes from the German language and is used in the Turkic languages, such as Turkish. In German, ü can be replaced by the digraph ue respectively, if it is not available on the keyboard. 

Mandated during in 1928, Turkey Latinized its alphabet formerly written in an Arabic script, using the extra German letters since they corresponded well to Turkic phonetic sounds.

Ü is one of the 4 extra letters used in German. It can be replaced by using the digraph ue. In English language newspapers, ü is often written as "u", but this is not correct.

Internet addresses are often written as "ue".

German is one of the official languages of Switzerland. Its people who speak German normally use ü.

Umlaut

An umlaut is a diacritic or accent used in some languages, including German. They are written ä, ö, ü (or ae, oe, ue). 

Without the diaeresis (the dots) those three letters are said [a], [o], and [u]. In German, when the dots are put over them, Ä, Ö, and Ü change to sound like [ɛ], [œ]/[ø] and [y]/[ʏ].

When a word that has umlaut letters with dots is changed into English, the letters are usually written as ae, oe, or ue instead of ä, ö, or ü.


Ö

Ö (or ö) is a letter used in some languages, such as German, Finnish, Estonian, Hungarian, Turkish, Swedish and Icelandic. It also takes the form œ, ø, o̎, oͤ or oe.

Ö is one of the 4 extra letters used in German. It can be replaced by using the digraph oe. In English language newspapers, ö is often written as "o", but this is not correct.

Internet addresses are often written as "oe" because the internet address system used to only understand ordinary English letters and they are still the most common.

German is one of the official languages of Switzerland. It has its own dialect known as Swiss-German (or Schweizerdeutsch). Ö is used in it as well.

List of emperors of China

This is a list of the rulers of China from 221 BC to AD 1911. These rulers named themselves (Mandarin: "huangdi"); in English they are called emperors.

All of them were men but Wu Zetian.

Ä

Ä (or ä) is a letter used in some languages. It is just an "a" with an umlaut.

Ä is one of the 4 extra letters used in German. It can be replaced by using the digraph ae. In English language newspapers, ä is often written as "a" but this is not correct. It is usually pronounced like the "e" in "bed”. In Estonia however, it is almost always pronouced like the letter “a” in “bad”.

Internet addresses are written as "ae" because the internet address system can only understand ordinary English letters.

Ulyanovsk

Ulyanovsk (), formerly Simbirsk (), is a city on the Volga River in Russia. It was founded in the year 1648. Ulyanovsk had a population of 638,300 in 2005. It is the administrative center of Ulyanovsk Oblast. In 1924, the city was renamed Ulyanovsk after Vladimir Ulyanov, better known as Lenin, who was born there.

Age of Enlightenment

The Age of Enlightenment was an 18th-century intellectual movement in Europe to aware people about science and it's usage rather than religion and tradition. It was heavily influenced by 17th-century philosophers like Kent, Lock and Denis Diderot. It was also known as the Age of Reason. The Enlightenment grew partly out of the earlier scientific revolution and the ideas of René Descartes.

The Enlightenment's most important idea was that all people can reason and think for themselves, so people should not automatically believe authority. People do not even have to believe the teachings of churches or priests. That was a very new idea at the time.

Another important idea was that a society is best when everyone works together to create it. Even people with very little power or money should have the same rights as the rich and powerful to help create the society they live in. The nobility should no longer have special rights or privileges. 

Those were very new ideas at the time. They were also dangerous thoughts for the people in power. Many Enlightenment philosophers were put in prison or were forced to leave their home countries.

Many of the Founding Fathers of the United States believed in the Enlightenment's ideas. For example, the idea that a government should benefit all of a country's people, not just the people in power, was very important to them. They created the idea of a government "for the people", one of the most important parts of the new United States Constitution and the new American government.

The Enlightenment's ideas were also important to the people who fought in the French Revolution, which started in 1789. 

In some countries, kings and queens took some of the Enlightenment's ideas and made changes to their governments, although they kept power for themselves. Such kings and queens were called "enlightened despots." Examples include Catherine the Great of Russia, Frederick the Great of Prussia, and Gustav III of Sweden.

During the Age of Enlightenment, as more and more people began to value reason, some began to disagree with the idea that God created the world, which caused conflicts and later, war. 

Many ideas that are important today were created during the Enlightenment such as the following: 
The Enlightenment's ideas about thinking with reason, having personal freedoms, and not having to follow the Catholic Church were important in creating capitalism and socialism. 

Important people in the Enlightenment came from many different countries and shared ideas in many different ways. Here are some of the best-known Enlightenment figures, organized by home country:









Hawk

A hawk is a common term for a medium to large-sized birds of prey. Its usage varies in different places.


Accipitrine hawks generally take birds as their primary prey. They have also been called "hen-hawks", or "wood-hawks" because of their woodland habitat. Within the hawk species, the female is generally larger than the male. Like most birds, the hawk migrates in the autumn and the spring. 

Hawks, like most vertebrates, have four types of colour receptors in the eye. They can see not only the visible range, but also the ultraviolet part of the spectrum. Other adaptations let them detect polarised light and magnetic fields. 

They have many photoreceptors in their retina, and an exceptional number of nerves connecting the receptors to the brain. There is an indented fovea, which magnifies the central portion of the visual field.
Hawks have always been known to have sharp vision and to be very able hunters.

Bird of prey

A bird of prey (also called raptor) is a bird that mainly uses its claws (called "talons") to seize prey. They have strong sharp, hooked beaks and claws and have sharp eyesight. 

They are not classified into one natural family or group. The behaviour evolved many times in different groups. This is an illustration of convergent evolution.

Those bird of prey that are active during the day (diurnal) are classified into five families in two orders. The orders are the Falconiformes and Accipitriformes.

Nocturnal birds of prey – the owls – are classified separately, as members of two families of the order Strigiformes.



O RLY?

O RLY? is an Internet meme often used in chat rooms or Forums. It is short for "Oh, really?". O RLY is used as a response to an above post or comment to show (sarcastically) that it is obvious, clear, or apparent. O RLY? is usually followed by "YA RLY", then "NO WAI". This sarcasm is not to be confused with trolling, disrupting a forum, or a chat room. The meme has spread on many forums, across the Internet. It is usually seen with pictures of animals with open mouths.

Jeffrey Buttle

Jeffrey Buttle (born September 1, 1982) is a figure skater from Canada. 

Buttle has won the national championships for Canada three times. He won the bronze medal (third place) at the 2006 Winter Olympics. He won the World Championships in 2008. He has twice won the Four Continents Figure Skating Championships, a competition for skaters from countries that are not in Europe.

Buttle retired from competitions in 2008. Nowadays, he shows his skating acts in ice shows and makes skating programs for other skaters.

Buttle is known for very good skating skills. The edges of his skating blades are leaned very deep, making his skating fun to watch even when he does not perform any jumps. He is known for his spread eagle and his Ina Bauer, skating movements on ice.

Ina Bauer

An Ina Bauer is a figure skating element. It is named after a figure skater from Germany named Ina Bauer, who invented the position.

The Ina Bauer is performed by placing the feet in the fourth position in ballet. The front leg is bent forwards at the knee and the back leg is extended behind the skater. The front leg can be either on an inside edge or an outside edge. An outside edge Ina Bauer is harder to do. While the skater skates in a curve across the ice (necessary because of the skate positions), the back can be bent backwards. This is not mandatory, but it does add to the element.

The Ina Bauer is a famous move in Japan because it was performed by Shizuka Arakawa during her long program at the 2006 Winter Olympics, which she won. Because she bends back so far during the move, the term in Japanese has come to mean anything having to do with bending backwards.


Shawn Sawyer

Shawn Sawyer (born January 14, 1985 in Edmundston, New Brunswick) is a Canadian figure skater. He won the bronze medal two times at the Canadian national championships. He skated at the 2006 Winter Olympics and came in 12th. 

Unlike most figure skaters who spin on the ice and during their jumps in a counter-clockwise motion, Sawyer is one of few skaters who jumps and spins in a clockwise direction. Other skaters who rotate "lefty" are Johnny Weir and Alissa Czisny.

Sawyer is known for his great flexibility and his artistry on the ice. Most male skaters do not perform spirals during competition because they do not get credit for doing them. Sawyer uses them to highlight his skating and as difficulty entrances. They are also a major part of his non-competitive ("exhibition") programs. Sawyer's spirals and flexible spins have given him a different look from most other skaters and have helped his popularity.

Sawyer is often compared to Canadian Olympic bronze medalist Toller Cranston. When Sawyer was 12, Cranston was about to retire from show skating. Cranston put together a televised show in which he and other top ranked skaters, including Scott Hamilton, skated with Sawyer and gave him advice. Cranston still advises Sawyer.

Sawyer can perform a backflip on ice. He was taught this move by Brian Orser.

Sawyer has performed the Biellmann spin in exhibition when he was a junior-level skater, but has since stopped training it. Still, he remains one of the few male skaters to have ever performed this move.


Brian Orser

Brian Orser, OC (born December 18, 1961 in Belleville, Ontario, Canada) is a Canadian figure skater. He won two silver medals (second place) at the Olympics: the first in 1984 and the second in 1988.

At the 1988 Olympics, he was part of the "Battle of the Brians". He and American Brian Boitano were both favorites to win the competition. Boitano won it in a very close call over Orser.

In 1998, an ex-boyfriend of Orser announced in a court of law that Orser is gay. Orser did not want this known at first. He thought that people knowing that he was gay would affect his career in a negative way. However, he has since embraced being "outed".

Orser retired from show skating in 2007. He now is a co-director of skating at a rink in Toronto.


Yuna Kim

Kim Yeon-ah (, IPA: [kimjʌna]; born September 5, 1990 in Bucheon, Gyeonggi-do) is a South Korean figure skater.

She is the 2010 Olympic champion in ladies singles, the 2009 World champion, the 2009 Four Continents championship, a three-time (2006–2007, 2007–2008, 2009–2010) Grand Prix Final champion, the 2006 World Junior champion, the 2005–2006 2005–2006 ISU Junior Grand Prix|Junior Grand Prix Final champion, and a four-time (2002–2005) South Korean national champion.

Kim is the first South Korean figure skater to get a medal at the Olympic Games. She is one of the most well known athletes in South Korea.

As of April 2010, she became the first in the world by the International Skating Union. She was also the first female skater to pass the 200-point mark under the ISU Judging System.

Kim Yeon-ah was born in 1990 in Bucheon, Gyeonggi-do, and moved to Gunpo when she was six. In March 2007, she went to Canada to train for her figure skating with her judge, Brian Orser. In 2009, Kim went into Korea University, but she still continued her training in Canada.

The right spelling of her name is 'Kim Yeon-ah'. However, when she applied for a passport, she wanted her name written as 'Yun-a', but the official made a mistake and wrote her name as 'Yu-na'. In Korean 'Yu-na' would be written as "유나" and not "연아".

Kim began skating when she was seven years old. At that time, her coach, Ryu Jong-Hyeon, approved of Kim's talent. Because of this, he told Kim's mother that Kim should continue to train and become a competitive figure skater, as Yuna had perfect conditions and great skills for her age to become a figure skater.

In 2002, she competed internationally for the first time at the Triglav Trophy and won a gold medal there. A year later, when she was 12 years old, she won the senior title at the South Korean Figure Skating Championships. She was the youngest skater ever to win that title. She won her second international contest at the Golden Bear of Zagreb.

In the 2004–2005 season, as a junior skater, Kim competed at the ISU Junior Grand Prix, which is a junior complement to the ISU Grand Prix of Figure Skating. She won a silver medal at the event in China and a gold medal at the event in Hungary. She won a silver medal at the 2005 Junior Grand Prix Final with an overall score of 137.75 points.

She retained her National Championship title for the third year in a row on her way to the 2005 World Junior Figure Skating Championships. At that competition, she won a silver medal again, earning 158.93 points.

For the 2005–2006 season, Kim was not old enough to compete at the 2006 Olympics.

So instead, she went to the 2005–2006 Junior Grand Prix and won both of the contests, in Bulgaria and Slovakia. At the 2006 Junior Grand Prix Final, she won the competition by getting 28.34 points more than Aki Sawada, who had gotten the silver medal. During her freeskate, she made seven triple jumps, including a triple flip.

At the 2006 World Junior Figure Skating Championships, she was the rival of Mao Asada, a Japanese figure-skater, and won the gold medal. When she won this medal, she had made 177.54 points.

In order to prepare for her next contest in the 2006–2007 season, Kim practiced very much at the Skating and Curling Club of Toronto in Canada during the summer of 2006. She was trained by Brian Orser and David Wilson.

Kim won a bronze medal at the 2006 Skate Canada after earning a score of 168.48 points. She won the 2006 Trophée Eric Bompard with a score of 184.54 points, 10.10 ahead of Miki Ando, the skater who got the silver medal. Those performances made Kim be allowed to the Grand Prix Final in St. Petersburg, Russia. At this place, Kim won, earning 184.20 points, which was 11.68 points more than Mao Asada, who earned the silver medal.

Kim was forced to stop because she got hurt at the 2006–2007 South Korean Championships. Because of this, she had to go to the hospital.

Kim was picked to compete at the 2007 World Figure Skating Championships. During the World Championships in Tokyo, Japan, Kim won the short program with 71.95 points, setting a world record. She placed fourth in the long program scoring 114.19 points, and finished the third one with 186.14 points behind Miki Ando and Mao Asada of Japan. Kim's points helped two more South Korean ladies come for the 2008 World Figure Skating Championships.

In March 2007, Brian Orser became Kim's new full-time coach. Because she liked the training environment in Toronto, Kim made Toronto her training home. Her coaches included at that time Brian Orser, Astrid Shrubb, David Wilson, and Tracy Wilson.

Kim started off the 2007–2008 season by winning the 2007 Cup of China with a score of 180.68 points, which was 24.34 ahead of Caroline Zhang, who had gotten the silver medal. At the 2007 Cup of Russia, Kim won both the short program scoring 63.50 points and the free skate with 133.70 points. So she set a world record for the free skate score under the ISU Judging System. She also did a flip jump-toe loop put together, a loop jump, a lutz jump-toe loop jump, an axel jump-toe loop jump, and a triple lutz jump.

She was allowed to the 2007–2008 Grand Prix of Figure Skating Final in Turin, Italy. She won the short program with 64.62 points. With a score of 196.83 points, Kim won her second Grand Prix Final.

Kim did not attend the 2007–2008 South Korean Nationals and also did not go to the 2008 Four Continents Figure Skating Championships because of a hip injury. Even though she still had back pain, she went to the 2008 World Figure Skating Championships in Gothenburg, Sweden. She was placed fifth in the short program with 59.85 points. She scored 183.23 points overall, and won her second bronze medal.

Kim was assigned to the 2008 Skate America and the 2008 Cup of China Grand Prix for the 2008–2009 ISU Grand Prix season.

At the 2008 Skate America, Kim was placed first in the short program with a score of 69.50. She went on to get the ladies title by winning the free skate with a score of 123.95. She won the event with 193.45 points, which was more than 20 points ahead of Yukari Nakano of Japan, who won the silver medal.

Kim continued to win and earn medals at the 2008 Cup of China, where she received a score of 63.64 in the short program and 128.11 in the free skate, winning first in both of them. The became all together 191.75. Her performance let her into the 2008–2009 Grand Prix of Figure Skating Final|2008–2009 Grand Prix Final.

During the 2008–2009 Grand Prix Final, which was held in Goyang, South Korea, she was placed first in the short program with 65.94 points and second in the free skate where she earned 120.41 points. She won silver medal with a total score of 186.35 points, 2.20 points behind Mao Asada of Japan.

Kim contested in the 2009 Four Continents Figure Skating Championships in Vancouver, Canada. She set a new world record of 72.24 points in the short program. She also scored 116.83 in the free skating program, winning the gold medal.

During the 2009 World Figure Skating Championships, held in Los Angeles, United States, she set another new world record of 76.12 points, surpassing her previous record by almost four points. She performed a triple flip-triple toe loop combination, a triple lutz jump and a double axel jump. At the same time, she earned a level four on all her spins. She also won the free skating program, scoring 131.59 points and showing great skills with her artistry and her musical abilities. Because of these, she set a new world record of 207.71 as well as winning her first World Championship title and she became the first female skater to go over 200 points under the ISU Judging System. Her score was 16.42 points ahead of Joannie Rochette, the woman who earned the silver medal. She was the only competitor who earned eights in program components marks in both the short program and the free skate at the competition. Kim was the only female skater whose triple-triple combination was seen by the judges in both the short and free programs during the 2008–2009 season.

Kim was assigned to the 2009 Trophée Eric Bompard and the 2009 Skate America in the 2009–2010 ISU Grand Prix season.

At the 2009 Trophée Eric Bompard, she won first in the short program with the score of 76.08 points, 16.44 points ahead of Yukari Nakano. Her three spins were all graded as a level four. Showing great artistic skills, she won the free skate scoring 133.95 points. She won the event with 210.03 points, 36.04 ahead of Mao Asada. Kim set world records for the free skate.
At the 2009 Skate America, Kim won first again, which was 17.48 points more than Rachael Flatt. She received +2.20 points for her triple lutz-triple toe loop combination. This was the highest point ever given for jumps by the ISU in ladies' figure skating. She also won second in the free skate with the score of 111.70 points, because of her mistakes in her jumps. Although it was one of her lowest scores, she still won the event with 187.98 points, beating Rachael Flatt. At the competition, she set a new world record again.

Her victories in both Grand Prix events qualified her for the 2009–2010 Grand Prix Final in Tokyo, Japan, in December 2009. At the event, she placed second in the short program with 65.64 points, 0.56 behind Miki Ando. The next day, she won the free skate with 123.22 points. Because of all these, Kim finally won her third Grand Prix Final title with a score of 188.86 points.

In February 2010, Kim competed at the 2010 Winter Olympic Games, where she won gold medal.

In March 2010, Kim competed at the 2010 World Figure Skating Championships in Turin, Italy. Kim said she had tried but had a hard time with competing. She won seventh in the short program with 60.30 points. She opened with a triple lutz-triple toe loop, but had problems with her spinning. In the end, She won the silver medal totalling 190.79 points.

Kim competed in the ladies event at the 2010 Winter Olympic Games, which was held in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada.

In the short program on February 23, she made a triple lutz-triple toe loop combination, a triple flip and a double axel. She set a new world record.

On February 25, she won the free skate with a score of 150.06 points, 18.34 points more than Asada, who also came in second place. Kim was the only one who earned nines in marks. She set a new world record. Overall, Kim totaled 228.56 points, shattering her personal best and own old world record by a margin of 18 points. She won the gold medal, becoming the first South Korean skater to medal in any contests of figure skating at the Olympic Games. Kim's gold medal was South Korea's first medal at the Winter Olympics in a sport other than speed skating or short track.

The places Kim advertised for are Anycall (mobile phone), Hauzen (air conditioner), Hyundai Motor Company (automobiles), Kookmin Bank, Korean Air, Lac Vert (cosmetics), Maeil Dairies Co.Ltd (Dairy products), Nike, Saffron (fabric softener).
Her skating music and other favorites were put and sold in the album "Yuna Kim ~ Fairy On ICE ~ Skating Music" (Universal Music Korea, 2008).

She was the headliner of the 2008 and 2009 Festa On Ice, which presented other world class figure skaters. IB Sports, Kim's agency, produced the ice show. The 2010 Festa On ice is going to be on April 16–18, 2010. IB Sports produced another ice show, Ice All Stars 2009, which took place in Seoul on August 14–16, 2009. Michelle Kwan, who is Kim's idol, joined the ice show. 
Kim was also named as an ambassador for the 2010–2012 Visit Korea Year. 
Kim has appeared on many commercials in South Korea. She sings in some commercials. Her commercial for a new touchscreen haptic phone from Samsung Electronics, dubbed as "Yuna's Haptic" (SPH-W7700), was done in South Korea on May 24, 2009. In the commercial, she plays a rock singer, a teenager, and a writer to show off various features of the phone. Samsung Electronics has sold over one million devices in a record seven months.

"(Small medals for short program and free skating awarded only at World, Four Continents, and World Junior Championships.)"




Christopher Mabee

Christopher Mabee (born on August 26, 1985 in Tillsonburg, Ontario) is a figure skater from Canada. He won the silver medal (second place) at the 2007 national championships. This earned him a spot to the 2007 World Championships, his first time ever at that competition.

Mabee is a good friends with Jeffrey Buttle. They train together and have the same coach.

Mabee's rise to the top of Canadian skating has been slow and steady. In the 2003/2004 season, he won the bronze medal at the Junior Grand Prix Final. He is the second Canadian man to ever win a medal at that competition (after Fedor Andreev).

Mabee just barely missed a place to the 2006 Winter Olympics. However, instead of going to that competition, he went to the 2006 Four Continents Figure Skating Championships, a competition for skaters from countries that are not in Europe. He won the silver medal at that competition.

Mabee is well liked by the crowds in exhibition. He is known for his humor on the ice. He often chooses music that makes fun of himself or is light-hearted. At the 2006 Four Continents, he skated a program to "Play that funky music, white boy". At the 2006 Nationals, he started his exhibition with a funny song about his home town of Tillsonburg.


Tanith Belbin

Tanith Jessica Louise Belbin (born July 11, 1984 in Kingston, Ontario, Canada) is a Canadian-American ice dancer. She is a citizen of both Canada and the United States. Her skating partner is Benjamin Agosto.

Belbin was born in Canada and lived in various places like Montreal until she was thirteen years old. At the age of thirteen, she moved to the United States to skate with Agosto. They are coached by Igor Shpilband. He is the one who paired them together.

Belbin & Agosto had success immediately on the Junior level. They won a medal of every color at the World Junior Figure Skating Championships between 2000 and 2002. They qualified to skate for the United States at the 2002 Winter Olympics. However, in order to do this, both partners would need to be citizens of the United States and Belbin had not yet gotten American citizenship.

In 2004, Belbin and Agosto won their first national title.

In 2005, Belbin and Agosto won their first World medal. This was the first World medal for the United States in ice dancing in 20 years. Their silver medal at this competition, along with how well the other American team did, earned the United States three spots on the Olympic team. However, this would not have done them any good because Belbin was still not an American citizen. If she had applied for citizenship, she would have gotten her citizenship in time for the 2006 Olympics. Because of rules changes after she had applied, she could not go back and take advantage of other rules, so she and Agosto thought they would have to miss the 2006 Olympics. But a special law was passed allowing her to take advantage of the sped-up process. Belbin was sworn in as an American citizen on December 31, 2005.

At the 2006 Winter Olympics, Belbin and Agosto won the first ice dancing medal (a silver) for the United States since 1976.

Belbin and Agosto are known for their connection, lifts, and skating skills. They have very good footwork.


Benjamin Agosto

Benjamin Alexandro "Ben" Agosto (born January 15, 1982, in Chicago, Illinois) is an American ice dancer. His skating partner is Tanith Belbin.

Agosto originally skated with Katy Hill in the Chicago area. In 1998, he moved to Michigan and he teamed up with Belbin. They are coached by Igor Shpilband. Shpilband is the one who paired them together.

Belbin & Agosto had success immediately on the Junior level. They won a medal of every color at the World Junior Figure Skating Championships between 2000 and 2002. They qualified to skate for the United States at the 2002 Winter Olympics. However, in order to do this, both partners would need to be citizens of the United States and Belbin had not yet gotten American citizenship.

In 2004, Belbin and Agosto won their first national title.

In 2005, Belbin and Agosto won their first World medal. This was the first World medal for the United States in ice dancing in 20 years. Their silver medal at this competition, along with how well the other American team did, earned the United States three spots on the Olympic team. However, this would not have done them any good because Belbin was still not an American citizen. If she had applied for citizenship, she would have gotten her citizenship in time for the 2006 Olympics. Because of rules changes after she had applied, she could not go back and take advantage of other rules, so she and Agosto thought they would have to miss the 2006 Olympics. But a special law was passed allowing her to take advantage of the sped-up process. Belbin was sworn in as an American citizen on December 31, 2005.

At the 2006 Winter Olympics, Belbin and Agosto won the first ice dancing medal (a silver) for the United States since 1976.

Belbin and Agosto are known for their connection, lifts, and skating skills. They have very good footwork.


Ice dancing

Ice dancing is a form of figure skating related to ballroom dancing. Its first competition was at the World Figure Skating Championships in 1952, but it did not become a Winter Olympic Games medal sport until 1976. As in pair skating, dancers compete as a couple, a man and a woman. 

Ice dancing is different from pair skating because it limits the figures to those which are imitative of dance. Skaters must stay close together, and may not perform jumps. There are set dances, in which the style must be appropriate for the type of dance, and there is a Free Dance section which allows lifts up to shoulder level.

Ice dancing is the only form of figure skating to allow vocal music in official competitions.


Charlie White

Charlie White is an ice dancer from the United States. His skating partner is Meryl Davis. They won the junior title at the United States national championships in 2006. In 2007, they won the bronze medal (third place) on the senior level, becoming the first team since Tanith Belbin & Benjamin Agosto to go from being junior national champions to World team members in one season.

Davis and White have skated together since 1997. They are the longest-lasting team still skating in the United States.

In 2006, Davis and White won the bronze medal at the World Junior Figure Skating Championships. Later that year, they became the first team in the world to get the highest level of difficulty for one of their programs. This happened at the 2006 NHK Trophy and put them immediately into the skating spotlight.

In 2007, they won the bronze medal at the Nationals. At the World Championships, they placed 7th. This was the highest placement for a US team at their first World Championships since 1980.

Davis and White are coached by Igor Shpilband and Marina Zueva.

White previously competed internationally as a single skater and nationally as a hockey player. He gave up hockey after breaking his ankle doing it and making him and Davis miss most of the 2004-2005 competitive season. He gave up single skating in 2006 to focus on ice dancing at the senior level.


Meryl Davis

Meryl Davis is an ice dancer from the United States. Her skating partner is Charlie White. They won the junior title at the United States national championships in 2006. In 2007, they won the bronze medal (third place) on the senior level, becoming the first team since Tanith Belbin & Benjamin Agosto to go from being junior national champions to World team members in one season.

Davis and White have skated together since 1997. They are the longest-lasting team still skating in the United States.

In 2006, Davis and White won the bronze medal at the World Junior Figure Skating Championships. Later that year, they became the first team in the world to get the highest level of difficulty for one of their programs. This happened at the 2006 NHK Trophy and put them immediately into the skating spotlight.

In 2007, they won the bronze medal at Nationals. At the World Championships, they placed 7th. This was the highest placement for a US team at their first World Championships since 1980.

Davis and White are coached by Igor Shpilband and Marina Zueva.


Treaty of Shimonoseki

The Treaty of Shimonoseki (, ) was signed between the Qing Dynasty and the Empire of Japan at Shimonoseki in 1895. It ended the First Sino-Japanese War (1894 - 1895).



Tessa Virtue

Tessa Virtue is an ice dancer from Canada. Her skating partner is Scott Moir. Virtue and Moir have been skating together since 2008. In the 2010 Vancouver Winter Olympics, the duo won the gold medal in the ice dancing competition; which was not only a first for them, but also for the country of Canada. They went on to win two silver medals in 2014 Sochi Winter Olympics and two gold medals in 2018 PyeongChang Winter Olympics. They are now the most decorated figure skaters in Olympic history.

Virtue and Moir were the most successful junior-level Canadian ice dancers ever. They won Canada's first gold medal in ice dancing at the World Junior Figure Skating Championships in 2006. In that year, they also won the bronze medal at the Four Continents Figure Skating Championships, a senior-level competition for skaters who are from countries that are not in Europe.

In their first full season skating at the senior level, Virtue and Moir won the silver medal (second place) at the Skate Canada International and again at Nationals. Their debut at the World Championships was the highest debut by any team in over two decades when they placed 6th. This made them immediately seeded skaters going into the 2007/2008 season.

Virtue and Moir are known for their artistry, musicality, and grace on the ice. They often look as if they were dancing, not skating. They have a close connection. While most of their programs have been soft and romantic, Virtue and Moir have also done humorous programs in exhibition. 

Virtue and Moir were coached by Igor Shpilband and Marina Zueva.


Scott Moir

Scott Moir is an ice dancer from Canada. His skating partner is Tessa Virtue. Virtue and Moir have been skating together since 1997. In the 2010 Vancouver Winter Olympics, the duo won the gold medal in the ice dancing competition; which was not only a first for them, but also for the country of Canada. They went on to win two silver medals in 2014 Sochi Winter Olympics and two gold medals in 2018 PyeongChang Winter Olympics. They are now the most decorated figure skaters in Olympic history.

Virtue and Moir were the most successful junior-level Canadian ice dancers ever. They won Canada's first gold medal in ice dancing at the World Junior Figure Skating Championships in 2006. In that year, they also won the bronze medal at the Four Continents Figure Skating Championships, a senior-level competition for skaters who are from countries that are not in Europe.

In their first full season skating at the senior level, Virtue and Moir won the silver medal (second place) at the Skate Canada International and again at Nationals. Their debut at the World Championships was the highest debut by any team in over two decades when they placed 6th. This made them immediately seeded skaters going into the 2007/2008 season.

Virtue and Moir are known for their artistry, musicality, and grace on the ice. They often look as if they were dancing, not skating. They have a close connection. While most of their programs have been soft and romantic, Virtue and Moir have also done humorous programs in exhibition. 

Virtue and Moir are coached by Igor Shpilband and Marina Zueva.

Moir comes from a family of skaters. His older brother Danny competed internationally on the junior level with one of his cousins. That cousin now skates competitively as a synchronized skater. Other relatives of Moir's are judges and coaches.


Albena Denkova

Albena Denkova (born December 3, 1974 in Sofia) is an ice dancer from Bulgaria. Her skating partner and fiancee is Maxim Staviski.

Denkova and Staviski are the first Bulgarian skaters to win Worlds, which they did in 2006 and 2007.

In 2006, Denkova was elected as the president of the Bulgarian figure skating federation.

After 2007 Worlds, Denkova and Staviski did not announce if they would retire, leaving it open. However, in the summer of 2007, Staviski was involved in a fatal car crash that killed a man and left someone else in a coma. Staviski survived unharmed. However, he was legally drunk. Denkova and Staviski have withdrawn from the Grand Prix events they were scheduled to attend. Denkova has not made an official announcement as to their retirement, but if Staviski goes to jail, they will be unable to compete.

Denkova's younger sister Ina Demireva is also an ice dancer.

Denkova and Staviski are known for being pioneers of dance lifts. They invented or popularized most of the ice dance lifts currently in use at the international level.


Maxim Staviski

Maxim Staviski () (born November 16, 1977, in Rostov-on-Don, Soviet Union (now Russia)) is an ice dancer from Bulgaria. His skating partner and fiancee is Albena Denkova.

Staviski originally competed for the Soviet Union and later Russia. He moved to Bulgaria when he started skating with Denkova. He has acquired Bulgarian citizenship and considers himself wholly Bulgarian. He was insulted when a reporter told him he was the only Russian skater to win a gold medal at the 2006 World Championships.

Denkova and Staviski are the first Bulgarian skaters to win Worlds, which they did in 2006 and 2007.

After 2007 Worlds, Denkova and Staviski did not announce if they would retire, leaving it open. However, in the summer of 2007, Staviski was involved in a fatal car crash that killed a man and left someone else in a coma. Staviski survived unharmed. However, he was legally drunk. Denkova and Staviski have withdrawn from the Grand Prix events they were scheduled to attend. Denkova has not made an official announcement as to their retirement, but if Staviski goes to jail, they will be unable to compete.

Denkova and Staviski are known for being pioneers of dance lifts. They invented or popularized most of the ice dance lifts currently in use at the international level.


First Sino-Japanese War

The First Sino-Japanese War (, ; 1 August 1894–17 April 1895) was a war between the Qing Dynasty and the Empire of Japan. Finally, the Empire of Japan won the war. They signed the Treaty of Shimonoseki in 1895.

China had 65 warships before the outbreak of the First Sino-Japanese War. They were divided into four fleets (Beiyang Fleet, the Nanyang Fleet, the Guangdong Fleet and the Fujian Fleet). Only the Beiyang Fleet participated in the war. In order to save their ships, the other fleets' commanders did not join the war.

In the Beiyang Fleet, there were 25 warships. Dingyuan and Zhenyuan were the most powerful warships in the fleet. They were made in Germany. Dingyuan had 6,000 horsepower and displaced 7,670 tons loaded. Nevertheless, as Empress Dowager Cixi wanted to build a grand garden she embezzled the money originally allocated for expanding the Beiyang Fleet, the commanders did not have enough money to buy the latest weapons for the fleet. Most of the warships in the fleet were not well equipped before joining the war.

There were totally 240,616 soldiers could be mobilized in Japan before the outbreak of the war. Also, there were 32 battleships and 24 torpedo boats in the Imperial Japanese Navy. All of them had the latest, and newest weapons.

1. Battle of the Yalu River

On 17 September 1894, the Beiyang Fleet and the Imperial Japanese Navy fought at the Yalu River, the border between China and Korea. In this battle, the commander of the Beiyang Fleet was Ding Ruchang, originally a cavalryman, and Sukeyuki Ito was the commander of Japanese fleet. The battle lasted 5 hours. Finally, 4 battleships of the Beiyang Fleet was destroyed and 1,000 soldiers were killed. Only 1 battleship was lost in the Imperial Japanese Navy. The commander of the Beiyang Fleet retreated to the port of Lushun.

2. Battle of Lushunkou

On 17 September 1894, the Japanese armies occupied the fortresses with powerful cannons and cities in Lushun and Dalian. The Japanese troops entered the cities and killed 20,000 Chinese civilians within 4 days. This incident was historically called Port Arthur massacre.

3. Battle of Weihaiwei

In January 1895, the Japanese armies invaded Weihaiwei. The Beiyang Fleet was fairly defeated. 11 battleships of the team was seized.


Johnny Weir

Johnny Weir (born July 2, 1984 in Coatesville, Pennsylvania) is an American figure skater. He won the United States national championships three times. In a memoir released in January 2011, he wrote that he was gay.

Weir had a late start in skating, starting at the age of 12. He had previously competed as an equestrian.

Weir and his family moved to Delaware so he could skate. Weir originally trained at the University of Delaware. Despite his late start, Weir was the World Junior Champion in 2001 at the age of sixteen. He and Evan Lysacek won the top two medals that year, becoming the first time since 1987 that the US had gone one-and-two at Junior Worlds.

In 2003, Weir was in second place after the short program at the national championships in Dallas. However, he literally hit the wall during the program and then had a bad fall on a jump. He withdrew in the middle of the program. As he left, he got a hug from Lysacek, who told he would see him back the next year.

Following that bad competition, Weir left the University of Delaware club and moved to The Pond ice arena. His coach Priscilla Hill came with him.

In 2004, Weir won the National championships and again in 2005 and 2006. For the 2005/2006 season, Weir had a short program to The Swan. It was mocked during the movie Blades of Glory and became iconic of the 2006 Olympics. Weir had the most success of his career with this short program. At the 2006 Winter Olympics, Weir was second after the short program. After a long program in which he omitted the eighth jumping pass and did two combinations when three were allowed, he dropped to fifth place overall.

In 2007, Weir won the bronze medal at Nationals. After that season he switched coaches to Galina Zmievskaya, who previously coached Viktor Petrenko and Oksana Baiul to Olympic gold medals.

Weir lives and trains in New Jersey. He also works as a model. He has appeared in spreads in fashion magazines and walked the catwalk during New York Fashion Week.


Nobunari Oda

Oda is a descendant of Oda Nobunaga who was an important daimyo during Japan's Sengoku period.

Oda won the 2005 World Junior Figure Skating Championships.

In 2009, he was the Japanese national champion figure skater.

Oda was a member of the Japanese team at the 2010 Winter Olympics at Vancouver in Canada.



The Simpsons Movie

The Simpsons Movie is a 2007 animated comedy movie. It is based on the television programme "The Simpsons". The movie is mainly about environmental disaster. The movie features the main television voices of Dan Castellaneta, Julie Kavner, Nancy Cartwright, Yeardley Smith, Hank Azaria, and Harry Shearer.

Homer (Dan Castellaneta) adopts a pig, which he names Spider Pig, a parody of Spiderman. Lisa (Yeardley Smith) starts a campaign with a new boy named Colin (Tress MacNeille), who is Irish. They want to stop the people of Springfield from dumping in the lake. Everyone agrees to this and the lake is cleared up. Marge (Julie Kavner) questions Homer about Spider pigs 'leavings'. He says he has put them in a silo. This causes Marge to say "Get rid of the silo properly." Homer agrees to this, and Marge says he is allowed to take Spider Pig with him. To which Homer tells Marge "He's not Spider Pig anymore, he's Harry Plopper". This is a reference to Harry Potter. The pig even has the lightning bolt scar and the thick glasses, just like Harry Potter. Homer drives to the waste site to get rid of the silo. Homer's friend and co-worker Lenny (Harry Shearer) calls him from a donut store and tells him that they are giving out free donuts. Homer, with his love for donuts, tries to find a different way to getting rid of his silo. He then drives to the now clean lake. He ignores the "No Dumping" signs and dumps the silo into the lake. The lake then bubbles up and turns into a toxic poison.


Male enhancement

Male enhancement supplements work by increasing the amount of blood flow in the genital region and the volume of blood that it can retain. In a flaccid state, the penis, like any other part of the body, receives a normal amount of blood flow. When an erection occurs, the penis is surged with a rich supply of blood which is then trapped in the spongy tissues of the Cavernosa and Spongiosum. 

Male enhancement supplements can be synthetic or herbal. Synthetic ones may have more side-effects. 

The time it takes to see results, said to be a matter of weeks, depends on a man's body type, eating habits, overall health, genetics, and other factors.

Supplements which are said to have effect, may be made from herbs such as: 

Zealand (disambiguation)

Zealand or Zeeland can mean:



Californication (TV series)

Californication is an American television series. The series is shown on the Showtime television network. "Californication" was created by Tom Kapinos and stars David Duchovny as Hank Moody. It is about a troubled novelist who moves to Los Angeles, California. The series deals with problems with his job that cause problems with his relationships with his partner Karen (Natascha McElhone) and daughter Becca (Madeleine Martin). The series was first shown on television on August 13, 2007. Channel Five in the UK and Network Ten in Australia have bought the rights to this television series.

It was announced that after the seventh season, that Californication would end. The seventh season started airing on April 13, 2014.


Bushido (disambiguation)

Originally, Bushido ( Bushi-Dō ) is the Samurai code of honour in Japan.

Bushido may also mean:


Californication

Californication can be:


Honour

Honour, spelt honor in the United States, is the idea of the trustworthiness and social status of a person by the society, by judgement of his actions. The idea of honour, like most cultural things, is very different from place to place, and through time. In Europe in the Middle Ages, honour took form in the code of Chivalry. In Japan, a similar thing happened with Bushido. As time passed, the honour of a gentleman and his family was generally expressed in the practice of duelling. The idea has declined in modern times, but still exists, mostly as an approval of one's actions by the society.


Oil field

An oil field is a region with many oil wells extracting petroleum (oil) from below ground. Because the oil reservoirs usually extend over a large area, possibly several hundred kilometres across, the only way to completely exploit the field is with many wells in different parts of the field. Other than wells, there may be pipelines to transport the oil elsewhere, and support buildings for the workers and for repairs.


Takeoff

Takeoff is the part of flight in which an aircraft goes from moving along the ground (taxiing) to flying in the air, usually on a runway. For balloons, helicopters and some special aircraft (such as the Harrier), no runway is needed. Takeoff is the opposite of landing.

Brian Joubert

Brian Joubert (born September 20, 1984 in Poitiers) is a French figure skater. He won the 2007 World Championships, the 2004, 2007 & 2009 European Championships, and has won the French Nationals seven times. He competed in the 2002, 2006, 2010 and 2014 Winter Olympics.

Joubert did not have a good junior career, but this was due to him going senior at 15, as soon as he was able to.

Joubert won the bronze medal (third place) at the 2002 Nationals, but did not immediately qualify for the 2002 Olympic team because France had only two spots to the Olympics. But at the 2002 European Championships, Joubert won the bronze medal, placing ahead of the other French skaters at the competition, and he was put on the Olympic team. He placed 14th at the Olympics.

Joubert is one of two men (with Emanuel Sandhu) who has beaten Evgeni Plushenko between the 2002 Olympics and the 2006 Olympics. Joubert beat him at the 2004 European Championships. Joubert then went on to place 2nd at Worlds, winning his first World medal.

Joubert has had an up-and-down career. He has switched coaches many times. He was briefly coached by Alexei Yagudin. He is now coached by Jean-Christophe Simond. At the 2005 World Championships, he placed sixth. Nevertheless, he was seen as a threat for an Olympic medal. But at the Olympics, he placed 6th. He was criticized harshly in the French press for this. After the 2006 Worlds, where he won the silver medal, he said he felt pressured to do it in part because of the way the French press had turned on him.

In the 2006/2007 season, Joubert swept the season. He won every competition he entered, including the Grand Prix Final, the European Championships, and the World Championships. At the Cup of Russia, he became one of the few skaters in history to perform three quadruple jumps in one program.

Joubert is known for the power in his skating. He is a very fast skater with very big jumps. He has been criticized in the past for having very bad spins, but he has been working to correct this, working with spinning coaches like Lucinda Ruh. Joubert has also been criticized for his lack of artistry, which has led him to seek out new choreographers, such as Kurt Browning, who are able to take Joubert's strength and force on the ice and work it into a good program for his style. 


Pop, Uzbekistan

Pap or Pop is a city in Uzbekistan. It is in the Namangan region in the eastern part of the country. The city is near the Syr Darya river. Pap has over 22,750 people. Pap is the capital of Pap District.

Gift

A gift or a present is something (usually money or a good) which is given to someone. People give gifts voluntarily and do not expect anything in return. A gift is usually something that family or friends give to each other on special occasions like a birthday or holiday. For example you will give and / or receive gifts and presents at Christmas time, or chocolate (most commonly chocolate eggs) for Easter. Gifts are usually something that you really want to have. If it is a birthday gift, it would be money or an item that is not costly. A small gift is usually wrapped in wrapping paper while a big gift is most likely to be just given to the receiver or in a box without wrapping.


Timothy Goebel

Timothy Goebel (born September 10, 1980 in Evanston, Illinois) is an American figure skater. He is Catholic and was adopted as an infant.

Goebel is the first skater to perform a quadruple salchow jump and the first American skater to perform a quadruple jump of any kind. Goebel is also the first skater to perform three quadruple jumps in one program. At the 2002 Olympics, he became the first skater to land a quadruple salchow jump in combination at the Olympics. He is the first and so far only skater to land 6 quadruple jumps in one competition.

He has landed 76 career quadruple jumps, the most of any skater.

Because of these things, he was nicknamed the "Quad King". However, after the 2003-2004, Goebel began having problems with the quad. He did not land it correctly at all in the 2005-2006 season.

Goebel won the bronze medal at the 2002 Olympics. It was a close call for the silver between him and World Champion Evgeni Plushenko. That would happen again at the 2003 World Championships where Plushenko beat Goebel out for the gold.

Goebel dealt with injuries in later seasons. An injury forced him to not finish competing at the 2004 Nationals and give up on the rest of the season. At the 2005 Nationals, the mother of Angela Nikodinov, a good friend of Goebel, died in a car crash. Goebel spent much of time at that competition in mourning. With Nikodinov watching, Goebel started crying partly through his free skate. He finished the performance in tears. He placed 2nd.

Goebel was not able to qualify for the 2006 Olympic team. He retired from competitive skating after the 2006 Nationals. In May 2010, he graduated with a bachelor's degree in mathematics from Columbia University's School of General Studies. He works as a technical specialist, the person who watches a skating program and tells the judges what each move was and how difficult it was.

During his career, Goebel was known mainly as a "jumping bean", a skater whose skating is mostly jumps. But Goebel worked hard to change this. His free skate in the 2002 season was the best of his career and led Goebel to a different kind of artistry.

Goebel was also known for his hydroblading maneuvers. He was one of the skaters who popularized this move in the United States.


Angela Nikodinov

Angela Nikodinov (born May 9, 1980 in Spartanburg, South Carolina), is an American figure skater. She is the 2000 Four Continents Champion.

Nikodinov is the daughter of Bulgarian immigrants. She speaks Bulgarian fluently. She was born in Spartanburg, South Carolina. Her family moved to southern California when she was very young. She was raised in San Pedro, Los Angeles, California.

Nikodinov trained at Lake Arrowhead, California. She also trained in Detroit for one season (1999-2000) but moved back to California in fall 2000. Her coaches included John Nicks, Peter Oppegard, Frank Carroll, Elena Tcherkasskaia, Richard Callaghan, Igor Pashkevich. Her coach Tcherkasskaia, with whom she was very close, died of cancer in November 2001. 

Nikodinov missed the 2002-2003 season. She injured her shoulder in February 2002 and again in September. She also had a virus. She had shoulder surgery in February 2003 and was off the ice for seven months. After missing two seasons, Nikodinov returned to win the 2004 Skate America.

While in Portland, Oregon, for the 2005 U.S. National Championships, she and her family were in a car accident that killed her mother. Nikodinov did not return to competition after the accident.

Nikodinov coached Bulgarian figure skater Ivan Dinev in the 2005-2006 season. They are now coaching together in the Los Angeles area. Nikodinov and Dinev were married in July 2008. Along with her coaching duties, she skates in shows and was a guest skater on the Stars on Ice tour. The pairs team of Bianca Butler & Joseph Jacobsen and Tenile Victorsen are among her and Dinev's former students that have qualified for the U.S. Figure Skating Championships at the Senior level.


Alberto Gonzales

Alberto Gonzales (born August 4, 1955) is an American jurist who is the 80th Attorney General of the United States. Gonzales was appointed to the position in February 2005 by President George W. Bush. While Bush was Governor of Texas, Gonzales was part of his general counsel, and later was the Secretary of State of Texas and then was on the Texas Supreme Court. From 2001 to 2005, Gonzales served in the Bush Administration as White House Counsel.
On August 27, 2007, Gonzales announced that he is quitting his position as Attorney General, and that his last day will be September 16, 2007. He did not say why he is leaving. He is the highest-ranking Hispanic ever in the United States federal government.

Cantilever

A cantilever is a figure skating move. It is considered a "field move" because it is not a jump, a spin, or a spiral.

A cantilever is performed by a skater traveling on a deep lean across the ice, either in a spread eagle or a Besti squat position. The skater then bends backwards, so their back is parallel to the ice, while remaining on the deep lean. The hands can be draped across the ice or not. This is a very dramatic move on the ice.

The move was invented by Werner Groebli, better known as "Mr. Frick", a long-time show skater with the Ice Follies. It was brought back and popularized by Ilia Klimkin of Russia, who performed it a lot in competition over many years.


Mao Asada

Mao Asada (born September 25, 1990) is a former figure skater from Japan. She is a former World Figure Skating Champion (2008) and is ranked no. 3 by ISU. She won the Japanese national championships in 2007 and 2008 after winning two silver medals in a row. She is the 2005 World Junior Champion. She won the silver medal at the 2010 Winter Olympics. Her older sister Mai Asada is also a high-level skater.
Asada is from Nagoya. She was very skilled from a young age. She landed her first triple axel in competition while still at the junior level. She is one of five female figure skaters who have ever landed that jump in international competition.
Asada won everything on the Junior level in the 2004-2005 season. The next season was the Olympic season. Asada would be too young to compete at the 2006 Olympics. But the Japanese skating federation thought there was not a good reason to keep her at the Junior level when she had already won everything. Asada was old enough for the Grand Prix, but not for senior level ISU championships. Asada went into the Grand Prix without any of the pressure that was on the other skaters who were old enough to go the Olympics and were trying to qualify for spots on their country's Olympic team. Able to compete without pressure, Asada won the Grand Prix Final in December 2005.

Following her win, the Japanese skating federation petitioned the International Olympic Committee to make an exception to the age rule for Asada, claiming that depriving her of a chance to compete at the 2006 Olympics would be denying a medal contender a chance to compete. However, this petition, even if it had worked, would have been too late. Other skaters had been effected by the age rule. The South Korean skating federation, for example, held Kim Yu-Na back in juniors for the 2005-2006 season, even though she could have competed successfully on the Grand Prix, because she also was not old enough for the Olympics, and because of it did not earn a spot to the Olympics at the Olympic Qualifying Competition in the fall of 2005. Asada had been a force in Japanese skating for many years, so the federation could have petitioned for an exception years earlier. There had previously been a loophole in eligibility rules regarding the World Championships and medaling at the World Junior Championships, but that loophole had been closed years earlier, and it had never applied to the Olympics.

Instead, Asada went to the World Junior Championships again, where she lost to Kim Yu-Na.

In 2006-2007, Asada's first season being old enough for senior Worlds, she won the silver medal at the World Championships behind fellow Japanese skater Miki Ando.
Mao Asada is known for her amazing flexibility. She is known for her one-handed Biellmann spin and her cross-grab Biellmann spiral, in which she uses the hand opposite her leg to hold up her leg in the position. She is consistent with the triple axel.


Catia

Catia (Computer Aided Three dimensional Interactive Application) is a commercial designing software. It was made by Dassault Systemes and marketed world-wide by IBM. CATIA is written in C++.


Brigham Young

Brigham Young (June 1, 1801 – August 29, 1877) was the second president of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (Mormon church) and the first Governor of the American state of Utah. Young was born in Vermont. He became president of the Mormon church in 1847 after the death of Joseph Smith, Jr in 1844.

Brigham Young University is named after Young.

John Taylor replaced Young as leader of the church three years after Young died.

Young started a journey that would take the Mormon pioneers to Winter Quarters, Nebraska, in 1846, then to the Salt Lake Valley. Young arrived in the Salt Lake Valley on July 24, 1847, a date now known as Pioneer Day in Utah, which is also one of its holidays. The Mormon pioneers' journey was one of the largest and one of the best organized migration to the West. On August 22, 29 days after arriving in the Salt Lake Valley, Young started the Mormon Tabernacle Choir.

In the church, Young was in some of the important positions, and after three years, he became the president of the church on December 27, 1847.

Young served 29 years in the LDS Church.

Young helped in building temples in his time in the LDS Church and made temple building a main purpose. When Joseph Smith was the president, Young was helping to build the Kirtland and Nauvoo temples. Only four days after arriving in the Salt Lake Valley, Young found the location for the Salt Lake Temple; and then started the building process on April 6, 1853. During his time as the church president, Young look over the construction of the Salt Lake Tabernacle and then he announced plans to build the St. George (1871), Manti (1875), and Logan (1877) temples. He also helped fix the building the Endowment House, a "short-term temple" that began to be used in 1855 for church members to go to while they were building the Salt Lake Temple.

Speaker (politics)

Speaker is the title of the person in charge of some legislatures, usually the lower house.

The speaker is elected by other members of the House of Commons of the United Kingdom, and is usually a member of the government party, but leaves his or her party because the speaker must be "neutral" (not like one side more than another). The speaker does not vote. If the speaker wants to stand in for re-election the other parties do not oppose him to show he is neutral. As of January 2020, the speaker is Lindsay Hoyle, a member of the Labour Party.

The speaker ("Ceann Comhairle") of the Dáil Éireann is neutral, but the constitution (Bunreacht) of Ireland says he does not need to stand for re-election, he is given the first seat in his constituency. The current speaker (November 2017) is Sean Treacy.

The speaker is the leader of the largest party. He or she is not neutral, but votes for his or hers party's policies. The speaker also helps to get his or her party's ideas made law. The term of the speaker of the House is two years in office.

Orator

An orator is someone who pleads a case in public. Originally, it meant speaking in a public place for or against a person or a proposal. In ancient Greek, Latin, French and English, an orator spoke for and against the accused in courts, and for or against big political decisions, such as whether to go to war. Gradually, it came to mean someone who spoke in public on formal occasions.

Oratory, or rhetoric, is the skill of argument or persuasion used by orators. The invention of printing allowed books to be multiplied and produced cheaply. This has made it possible for orators to do their persuasion in print as well as speaking. Adolf Hitler and Winston Churchill are good examples of how orators in the 20th century used media such as radio and movies where once they could only use speech. Both wrote books which sold in large numbers, though Churchill's books were about more than politics. Today television and newspapers play a vital role in deciding elections; the web less so.

Other types of orator are those who wish to change beliefs. Religious preachers like Martin Luther and John Knox changed religion in western Europe; William Wilberforce and Sojourner Truth led the fight against the evil of slavery. Emmeline Pankhurst, Martin Luther King Jr and others fought to get equal rights for all citizens.

We have orators today as much as the ancient Greeks did. The main difference is that the Greeks could see and listen to them face to face, but we rarely do today.

The study of how persuasion is done by orators is called rhetoric. It has been studied for 2,500 years at least, and there are a huge number of books about it.


Parsifal

Parsifal is an opera in three acts by Richard Wagner. Wagner took most of the story from a medieval poem "Parzival" by the German poet Wolfram von Eschenbach. It was the last opera that Wagner completed. He started thinking about it in 1857 but did not do much work to it until after he had finished the cycle of four operas known as the Ring Cycle which was produced complete in 1876 in the special theatre (Festspielhaus) he had built in Bayreuth. Wagner composed his opera "Parsifal" so that it would suit the sound of this new theatre. It was first produced in 1882. The story is related to the Arthurian legends.

Wagner did more than any other composer in the 19th century to change the way that people listened to opera. In the 18th century people went to the opera house and sat in their boxes to chat to other people and be seen. Composers wrote operas with big arias which allowed the singers to show off their skills and make the audience applaud.

Wagner changed all this. He soon developed operas in which there is no difference between recitative (where the story is told) and arias (big songs for the soloists). The music of his later operas, especially "Parsifal", is like a long, continuous line with rich, Romantic harmony. The music develops logically, with leitmotifs (very short pieces of music which represent particular people or ideas) which help the music and the story to develop.

The story of Parsifal and the Holy Grail has survived in several forms that date from between 1170 and 1220. Wagner, who always wrote the words of his operas himself, used a mixture of several of these versions of the story to fit his ideas for the opera. Parsifal is a young man who is a “pure fool”, which means that he is an innocent, good man who slowly starts to understand the world. The Holy Grail is the cup from which Jesus Christ is supposed to have drunk at the Last Supper. The Holy Spear is the spear which is supposed to have been the one with which the Roman soldier pierced Jesus’ side when he was put on the cross. The Holy Grail and the Holy Spear are sacred relics (things from the past) which have been given to Titurel and his band of Christian knights to look after. Titurel has built a castle, Montsalvat, high up on the forest rocks, to guard them. In particular, he has to watch out for Klingsor who lives nearby. Klingsor is a magician who has a garden full of beautiful flower-maidens. These maidens are in his power. One of them is Kundry. She has already been made to several young knights to Klingsor’s power. Even Titurel’s son, Amfortas, could not resist the lure of Kundry. His spear was taken from him and he was badly wounded before being rescued. At the beginning of the opera he is lying in pain. The only thing that could heal the wound would be the touch of the Holy Spear which Klingsor now has, and the only person who could get that spear back again is a “pure fool”, a young man who knows nothing about the evil of the world and who can resist the beauty of the flower-maidens.

The opera starts with an orchestral prelude (Wagner does not call it an “overture”). When the curtain rises Gurnemanz, one of the senior knights, wakes up two sleeping servants. They kneel and pray as King Amfortas is brought down on his bed to the forest lake to bathe his wound. Kundry arrives, dashing in on her horse, looking for something to heal the wound (when Kundry is away from Klingsor she is not in his power. She feels that it was her fault that Amfortas was wounded. When Kundry is not in Klingsor’s power she is actually a faithful messenger of the Grail).

Suddenly a wounded swan (a bird that is sacred to the knights of the Grail) falls dead at Gurnemanz’s feet. The swan had been killed by Parsifal. He did not know that it was a wrong thing to do, but when the knights capture him he realizes his guilt and he breaks the arrow. The knights ask him his name, but Parsifal says he does not know his name or where he comes from. Suddenly the knights realize that Parsifal is the pure fool they need who can capture the Holy Spear.

The scene changes. The knights take communion. Amfortas is in terrible pain but has to do his duty in the ceremony. When the Holy Grail is shown it sparkles brightly in the hall. The knights sink to their knees. Only Parsifal does not seem to understand the meaning of it all.

The scene is Klingsor’s magic garden by his castle. Kundry has been summoned by him is now quite different: she has no power of her own, and is controlled and tormented by Klingsor. Klingsor notices Parsifal, whom he is expecting, approach from the distance, and sends his magical knights to fight him, expecting them to be defeated by Parsifal. The flower-maidens, the wives of the knights, see Parsifal and call him by his name. No one has ever called him by his name before. When one of them kisses his lips he suddenly realizes what it is he has to do. He now remembers everything that has happened in Act I and understands its meaning. He throws the maiden to one side. Klingsor appears and throws the spear at Parsifal, but magically it stops over Parsifal’s head. Parsifal grabs it and makes the sign of the cross. The castle is destroyed, the gardens disappear, and he goes off back to the Grail.

After a journey which takes him many years Parsifal comes back to the Grail forest. Gurnemanz is now very old. Kundry works for the knights. Parsifal himself is dressed as a black knight. Kundry recognizes him, but Gurnemanz does not. He is annoyed that an armed stranger should come on this holy day (it is Good Friday). Parsifal throws the spear into the ground, puts down his weapons and takes off his helmet. Gurnemanz realizes who it is. He helps him to dress like a knight of the Grail. Kundry washes his feet and dries them with her long hair. Gurnemanz blesses Parsifal’s head. Parsifal is now a knight of the Grail, and he baptizes Kundry. Titurel has just died, and Amfortas, still in terrible pain, comes out to uncover the Grail. Parsifal enters and touches the wound with the point of the spear. Amfortas’s pain changes to happiness, the shrine is opened, the Grail is surrounded by light. The knights kneel down, Kundry dies peacefully. All is forgiven. The music finishes with a climax based on the leitmotifs of the Holy Grail and the Sacrament.

Until 1903, the Bayreuth Festspielhaus was the only place where Wagner’s opera "Parsifal" was allowed to be performed. In 1903, the opera was performed at the Metropolitan Opera in New York. Soon, it was being performed in other places as well.

Wagner like to describe "Parsifal" as "ein Bühnenweihfestspiel" ("A Festival Play for the Consecration of the Stage"). At Bayreuth, it has become tradition that there is to be no applause after the first act of the opera.

The conductor of the first performance was Hermann Levi, the court conductor at the Munich Opera. Wagner objected to Parsifal being conducted by a Jew (Levi's father was in fact a rabbi). Wagner first suggested that Levi should convert to Christianity, which Levi declined to do. Wagner then wrote to King Ludwig that he had decided to accept Levi. This despite the fact that (he alleged) he had received complaints that "of all pieces, this most Christian of works" should be conducted by a Jew. The King expressed his satisfaction at this. He said that "human beings are basically all brothers". Wagner wrote to the King that he "regard[ed] the Jewish race as the born enemy of pure humanity and everything noble about it".


Kana

Kana is the name for syllable-based writing systems used in the Japanese language.

There are three types of kana:
Although manyogana is the oldest of the three types of kana, being used as early as the seventh century, it was soon replaced by hiragana and katakana. Both of these characters came from the kanji characters that made up manyogana.

Today, there are 46 basic sounds in Japanese that are each represented by a hiragana and a corresponding katakana character as seen in the chart below. (The characters for the sounds "wi" and "we" are no longer used.) There are 25 other sounds that can be made by adding one of two diacritics: a dakuten or a handakuten. Also, 12 of the kana come in a smaller size to make other combinations of syllables.

Japanese sentences are usually written using a mix of hiragana, katakana, and kanji. Although it is possible to write a sentence in only hiragana or katakana characters, it is hard for most Japanese people to understand because the kanji symbols represent a concept which the kana do not show. Small kana symbols, however, can be put above kanji to show how it is pronounced (this is called furigana and is used a lot in karaoke).

Besides kana, Japanese sounds can also be written in Romaji (using the Roman alphabet) to help people who do not speak Japanese learn the language.


Tropical Storm Erin (2007)

Tropical Storm Erin was the second tropical cyclone to make landfall on the United States in the 2007 Atlantic hurricane season. It was also the fifth named storm of the season. Erin formed in the Gulf of Mexico on August 14 from an area of convection which was becoming stronger. It became stronger and changed into a tropical storm the next day, and on August 16 Erin made landfall near Lamar, Texas and was able to not die as it moved over land across Texas before moving towards the north into Oklahoma. The storm killed at least 17 people and made an already-severe flooding problem in Texas even worse. Another different storm that Erin went into killed at least 18 people.

On August 9, an area of convection formed just south of Jamaica in association with a trough of low pressure. The system moved west-northwestward, and by August 10, the system had a broad surface trough with a little shower activity. Convection increased on August 11, and by August 12 the contact between a tropical wave and an upper-level low in the area resulted in a large area of disorganized thunderstorms extending from the western Caribbean Sea into the central Bahamas. Upper-level winds slowly became more helpful for development, and on August 13 a large low pressure area formed about 90 miles (145 km) north-northeast of Cancún, Quintana Roo. Late on August 14, a NOAA Hurricane Hunters plane that flew into the system reported a small circulation center, but at the time was not well-defined enough to begin tropical cyclone advisories. However, deep convection was kept near the increasingly organizaing center, and at 0300 UTC on August 15 the National Hurricane Center named it as Tropical Depression Five about 425 miles (685 km) southeast of Brownsville, Texas.

In the overnight hours after formation, the storm was disorganized with a shabby and abstracted center of circulation. Located to the south of a mid to upper-level ridge over the southern United States, the system moved to the west-northwest into an area ideal for further strengthening; an upper-level anticyclone formed over the central Gulf of Mexico, and sea surface temperatures along its track were warm. The cloud pattern became better organized, keeping a large area of convection with curved rainbands and well-established outflow. Based on reports from Hurricane Hunters, the National Hurricane Center upgraded the depression to Tropical Storm Erin at 1530 UTC on August 13 about 250 miles (400 km) east of Brownsville, Texas. As it continued northwestward, Erin remained disorganized and was not able to strengthen above minimal tropical storm status. At 1200 UTC on August 16 the cyclone made landfall near Lamar, Texas as it weakened to tropical depression status. Three hours later, the National Hurricane Center stopped giving out advisories on Erin as warning responsibility was switched to the Hydrometeorological Prediction Center.
Slowly moving northwestward through Texas, Tropical Depression Erin managed to keep an area of convection near the center, with its widespread, but scattered rainbands dropping moderate to heavy precipitation. By August 17, the winds decreased to 20 mph (30 km/h), with higher gusts. The system turned to the north-northeast on August 18, while heavy bands of thunderstorms continued to spin around the center of Erin. Early on August 19 after entering Oklahoma, Erin suddenly re-intensified to maximum sustained winds of 50 mph (80 km/h) a short distance west of Oklahoma City. The Norman, Oklahoma National Weather Service remarked the intensification "[resulted] in what amounts to an inland tropical storm;" at 0930 UTC the system showed an eye-like feature and a spiral rainband, and produced wind gusts of over 80 mph (130 km/h). However, a few hours later, the system began weakening again, and late on August 19 Erin degenerated into a remnant low pressure area as the circulation dissipated over northeastern Oklahoma. The low continued into southeastern Kansas before dissipating, feeding moisture northward toward a frontal system extending from the Midwestern United States through the Mid-Atlantic States. Its remnant mid-level circulation then moved eastward across Missouri, Kentucky, and Virginia before losing identity as it moved out into the Atlantic Ocean.

Instantly after Erin become a tropical depression, the National Hurricane Center gave out a tropical storm watch from Freeport, Texas to the United States/Mexico border; at the same time, the government of Mexico issued a tropical storm watch southward to Rio San Fernando. Shortly before achieving tropical storm status, the watch in Texas was upgraded to a tropical storm warning. Late on August 15, the warning was extended to San Luis Pass, while the watch in Mexico was cancelled. As Erin made landfall, the warnings was cancelled, and several flood watches and warnings were given out for counties across southeastern Texas. Upon moving into Oklahoma, flood and flash flood warnings were issued for several counties.

Governor of Texas, Rick Perry activated the National Guard and moved emergency personnel to the areas expected to be affected by the storm. Erin is expected to bring flooding to the region, which had already been declared a disaster area on August 7, 2007 from widespread flooding on the Nueces River basin; this area remained flooded as of August 15, 2007. On August 15, oil futures rose to $74.01 (USD), because of fears of Erin disturbing oil supplies produced on Texan coasts, combined with low oil supplies.<ref name="oil futures 8/15"></ref> As a result of the threat from the storm, Shell Oil Company evacuated 188 workers on oil platforms in the northwestern Gulf of Mexico.
By midday on August 15, rainbands with gusty winds began affecting the Texas coastline. As it made landfall, the storm created heavy rainfall near and to the or northeast of its path, reaching 11.02 inches (280 mm) at a station in Lockwood. The passage of the storm caused several bayous in the Houston area to reach or go beyond flood levels. Across southeastern Texas, the cyclone generated several funnel clouds, and near Iah a EF0 tornado was reported. Wind gusts from Erin were fairly weak across the state, peaking at 35 mph (55 km/h) at Palacios with an unofficial report of 39 mph (63 km/h) at Jamaica Beach. While moving onto land, the storm produced a small storm surge peaking at 3.22 feet (0.98 m) at Pleasure Pier, which caused minor beach erosion.

In Clear Lake City, heavy rainfall broke down a part of a grocery store roof, killing two workers. The precipitation caused moderate flooding across eastern parts of Harris County; over 400 homes and 40 businesses were flooded. Flooding across the Greater Houston area briefly stopped the METRORail and closed several state roads. One person drowned after driving into a retention pond. Several people needed rescue assistance, and in Comal County a car accident killed three people. The movement of the storm temporarily left about 20,000 electrical customers without power, though most outages were quickly restored. In San Antonio, one body was found from a creek and another died after driving into a flooded road and was swept into a drainage ditch in which four others survived. In Sisterdale, two people were killed when they were swept away stalled over Sister Creek In Taylor County, near Abilene, flooding killed one person and forced the evacuation of about 2,000 people.

After its unexpected redevelopment over Oklahoma, heavy damages were also reported there. Several communities in central Oklahoma were flooded from the effects of heavy rainfall. Watonga, Kingfisher and Geary were the hardest-hit communities, where many houses and buildings were flooded. Winds in Watonga gusted as high as 82 mph (131 km/h), which damaged numerous trees and power lines and heavily damaged mobile homes. The entire community lost power, also with about 15,000 customers in total in the Oklahoma City metropolitan area. A section of Interstate 40 was also closed for a while.

One person was found to have drowned in a cellar in Fort Cobb, and another drowned in Kingfisher. Another storm-related death took place in Seminole. Three others were found dead after a weather-related automobile accident also near Carnegie. Another automobile accident-related death took place in Okmulgee County but it is not sure if Erin is to blame there.

Although its surface circulation had dissipated, its upper circulation remained unbroken and created a burst of rainfall early on August 20. The 11.94 inches/303.3 mm that fell at Miller became the wettest Missouri rainfall total associated with a tropical cyclone, or its remains, since at least 1976. One person died in Sleeper when he drove into flood waters which had swept away a bridge he was trying to navigate onto. Nine water rescues happened along the Interstate 44 passageway, which was most effected by Erin's rainfall.



Antonio Banderas

José Antonio Domínguez Bandera (born 10 August 1960), better known as Antonio Banderas, is an Spanish movie, stage, television, actor, producer, and singer. He has acted in several important Hollywood movies including "", "Assassins", "Interview with the Vampire", "Mariachi" sequels, "Philadelphia", "The Mask of Zorro", "The Legend of Zorro", and "Puss in Boots" and its in the Shrek movies.

Banderas and his wife Melanie Griffith said in June 2014 that they are divorcing. The divorce was finalized in 2015.


Jim Carrey

James Eugene Carrey (born January 17, 1962) is a Canadian actor and comedian. He is known for his acting in movies, such as the "Ace Ventura" movie series, "Dumb and Dumber", "The Cable Guy", "Liar Liar" and "Bruce Almighty". He has also been successful in dramatic roles in movies such as "The Truman Show", "Man on the Moon", "Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind" and "The Number 23". He won the Golden Globe Award in 2000. Carrey has attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder.

Carrey stated comedians like Jerry Lewis, Keenen Ivory Wayans, Dick Van Dyke, Bill Cosby, Mel Brooks and Sam Kinison as influences.


Egyptian cobra

The Egyptian cobra "(naja haje)" is a type of poisonous cobra. It was worshiped by the Ancient Egyptians. It lives in both North Africa and Southwestern Asia. It is one of the most venomous snakes in the world. Egyptian cobras can grow up to 5 feet or 6 feet, 8 inches (1.5–2 m) and have been seen as large as 8 feet in some areas. Recently, a man was sentenced to a year in jail and a fine of $17,000 for owning an Egyptian cobra. Small symbols of Egyptian cobras were included in the crown of the pharaohs.

Mikhail Baryshnikov

Mikhail Nikolaevitch Baryshnikov (, born 27 January 1948) is a Russian-American dancer, choreographer, and actor. Born in Latvia to Russian parents during the time of the Soviet Union, he later became an American citizen. After a promising start in the Kirov Ballet at the Mariinsky Theatre, Leningrad, he defected to Canada in 1974 for more opportunities in western dance.

He has been called the world's greatest living male ballet dancer. Critic Clive Barnes once called him, "The most perfect dancer I have ever seen".

While on a tour in Canada with the Kirov Ballet in 1974, Baryshnikov asked for political asylum in Toronto. He became an American citizen in 1986. He has won three Emmy Awards.

Part of his significance is that he danced both classical ballet and modern dance. From 1978 he worked full-time in the New York City Ballet under the direction of George Balanchine. In 1980 he became artistic director of the American Ballet Theatre. Later he founded his own company and moved towards modern dance. He has danced many times on television in North America.


Batman Begins

Batman Begins is a 2005 superhero movie directed by Christopher Nolan and written by Nolan and David S. Goyer. Based on the fictional DC Comics character Batman, it stars Christian Bale, Michael Caine, Gary Oldman, Liam Neeson, Katie Holmes, Cillian Murphy, Tom Wilkinson, Rutger Hauer, Ken Watanabe, and Morgan Freeman. The movie reboots the "Batman movie series", telling the origin story of Bruce Wayne from the death of his parents to his journey to become Batman and his fight to stop Ra's al Ghul and the Scarecrow from plunging Gotham City into chaos.

"Batman Begins" was successful, and in 2008 a sequel titled "The Dark Knight" was released.

"Batman Begins" was the first movie in Christopher Nolan's "The Dark Knight Trilogy".



Liam Neeson

William John "Liam" Neeson, OBE (born 7 June 1952) is an Irish actor and comedian, nominated for many awards including the Oscar. He is well known for his role as Oskar Schindler in the 1993 movie "Schindler's List", and after that he has appeared in several popular movie series, including the "Star Wars" prequel trilogy, "The Chronicles of Narnia" and "Batman Begins". He has also continued to play real-life characters, including Michael Collins and Alfred Kinsey.


Great Seal of the United States

The Great Seal of United States is the official coat of arms of the United States. It is placed in official documents from the United States Government. The name is used both for the coat of arms, and the material seal itself, which is made by the United States' executive power. The design was submitted and accepted on June 20th, 1782.

The seal's design is used in national documents, such as passports, by the United States military, and flags. As a coat of arms, it has the national colors of the United States, but the material seal itself only has a basic black and white design (like when used on paper).

Since 1935, the two faces of the Great Seal appear in on the one dollar banknote.


1444

Year 1444 was a leap year. It started on a Wednesday.




Biellmann spin

The Biellmann spin is a spin in figure skating. It is performed on one foot. The free leg (the leg not on the ice) is pulled up from behind and pulled above the head. The knee is bent slightly and the back is bent backwards into the spin. This forms a teardrop position with the body. In the classic version of the spin, both arms are used to hold up the leg. A slightly changed version has one hand on the skate and the other hand on the arm holding up the skate. A change can be made in that one hand can be dropped. If the hand holding up the spin is on the same side of the body as the leg, the spin is referred to as a "one-hand Biellmann spin", because the spin is being performed with one hand. If the hand holding up the spin is on the opposite side of the body as the leg, the spin is referred to as a "cross-grab Biellmann spin", because that hand has to "cross" the body to "grab" the skate.

The spin has also been said to look like a "tulip on a turntable". It is one of the most iconic figure skating moves. Along with the layback spin, the Biellmann is used in advertisements and icons representing figure skating. The position is also used in spiral sequences.

No one knows who invented the spin. Cecilia Colledge of Great Britain performed a one-handed Biellmann spin in 1937. There is a famous photograph of her doing the spin at the 1937 World Figure Skating Championships. Tamara Moskvina of the Soviet Union performed the spin at the 1965 European Championships and there is a famous photo of her doing it as well. Both Janet Champion and Slavka Kohout of the United States performed this spin early on.

The spin is named after Swiss skater Denise Biellmann, who popularized the move. Biellmann performed the spin beginning in the 1970s, having learned it from her teammate, fellow Swiss skater Karin Iten. Biellmann performed the spin on her way to becoming World Champion and the spin was officially named for her. It is the only figure skating spin officially named after a skater in International Skating Union regulations.

The classic positions is explained above. This position is often entered into through a layback spin. The free leg of the layback is grasped by one or both hands and brought up above the head.

Irina Slutskaya of Russia is officially credited with inventing the "change foot Biellmann spin". She performs the Biellmann on one foot, then drops her free leg and performs the spin on her other leg.

A "half-Biellmann spin", also called the "catch-foot camel spin", is a Biellmann variation in which the free leg is grasped in a camel spin position and brought up above the head, but the upper body is not lifted into the teardrop position.

Many skaters have performed a Biellmann variation in which the free leg is brought down towards the face, with the knee bent inwards. This spin has mostly been performed by Junior-level or Junior-age skaters, because this is easiest to perform before puberty. It is unknown who invented this variation. It was performed by Naomi Nari Nam at the United States nationals in 1999. More recently it has been brought back by Junior level skaters including Caroline Zhang of the United States who performed the spin on her way to winning the 2007 World Junior title.

As well, Zhang and other Junior skaters are known for doing a "hyper-extended" Biellmann spin in which the leg is pulled straight up in the air and the back bent as far into the spin as possible. Zhang is able to perform the spin with her free leg pulled straight up into the air, making the spin look like a capital-I. This position is not original to Zhang, but she has been the one to popularize it.

Because of Code of Points, the Biellmann spin has been used too much in competitions. Many skaters would perform the spin even if they were not flexible enough because it was a good way of getting a lot of points. The International Skating Union has limited the number of Biellmann spins that can be performed in a single program.

The spin is almost entirely performed by women, and it is a common feature in most Junior and Senior level ladies programs, as well as being a position for ice dancing lifts. It is generally not performed by men because most male skaters are not flexible enough to perform the spin. The most famous male skater to perform the spin is Evgeni Plushenko. However, he has not done it in competition since 2003. Shawn Sawyer has also performed the spin at the Junior level. Recently, the spin has been performed in competition by Ryo Shibata of Japan and Eliot Halverson of the United States.


1445

Year 1445 was a common year. It started on a Friday.



Omar Sharif

Omar Sharif (; born 10 April 1932 – 10 July 2015) was an Egyptian actor who worked in many Hollywood movies. He acted in Arabic, French, and English movies. Sharif is most famous for his roles in "Doctor Zhivago", "Lawrence of Arabia" and "Funny Girl" (1968). He was nominated for the Academy Award and won the Golden Globe Award three times. Sharif had a son and two grandsons. He converted from Christianity to Islam.

Sharif once ranked among the world's best-known contract bridge players, forming the "Omar Sharif Bridge Circus" in 1967 which toured the world, competing against famous teams.

With Charles Goren, Sharif co-wrote a syndicated newspaper bridge column for the "Chicago Tribune" for several years, but later turned over most of the writing of the column to Tannah Hirsch.

He was also author or co-author of several books on bridge, and licensed his name to a bridge video game. An MS-DOS version and Amiga version was released in 1992 as "Omar Sharif on Bridge". It is still sold in Windows and "mobile platform" versions.

In May 2015, it was reported that Sharif had Alzheimer's disease. His son, Tarek El-Sharif, said that his father was getting confused. He was forgetting facts about some of the biggest movies of his career.

On July 10, 2015, at the age of 83, Sharif died after a heart attack at a hospital in Cairo, Egypt.

On July 12, 2015, Sharif's funeral was held at the Grand Mosque of Mushir Tantawi in eastern Cairo. The funeral was attended by a group of Sharif's relatives, friends and Egyptian actors. His casket was draped in the Egyptian flag and a black shroud. He is burued in El-Sayeda Nafisa cemetery in southern Cairo.

Toshirō Mifune

Toshirō Mifune (Japanese: 三船 敏郎 "Mifune Toshirō" – IPA: [miɸɯne toɕiɺoː]) (1 April 1920 – 24 December 1997) was a Japanese actor. He had roles in almost 170 movies.



Andy García

Andrés Arturo García Menéndez (born April 12, 1956), professionally known as Andy Garcia, is an Cuban American actor and director born in Cuba. He became famous in the 1990s, when he acted in many successful Hollywood movies, including "", "When a Man Loves a Woman", "Ocean's Eleven", and "Ocean's Thirteen". 

He was nominated for several awards for his work, including the Oscar. In 2022, he played Billy Herrera in "Father of the Bride".

His daughter, Dominik García-Lorido, is an actress.


Rodrigo Santoro

Rodrigo Junqueira dos Reis Santoro (born August 22, 1975) is a Brazilian Actor. He started his career acting in different soap operas in his country. In the last few years, he has become known after his roles in the movies "Love Actually" and "300".

Santoro was born in Petrópolis, Rio de Janeiro. He is half of Italian descent.


Michael Caine

Sir Michael Caine ; (born Maurice Joseph Micklewhite Jr., 14 March 1933) is a retired English actor, producer, and author. Caine is known for his distinctive cockney accent and he has appeared in over 115 movies, and is regarded as a British movie icon.

His early role in "Alfie" (1966) earned him an Academy Award nomination. He also starred in "The Italian Job" (1969) and "Battle of Britain" (1969).

His roles in the 1970s included "Get Carter" (1971), "The" "Last" "Valley" (1971), "Sleuth" (1972), for which he earned his second Academy Award nomination, "The Man Who Would Be King" (1975) and "A Bridge Too Far" (1977).

In 1986, he received an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor for his performance in Woody Allen's "Hannah and Her Sisters".

Caine played Ebenezer Scrooge in "The Muppet Christmas Carol" (1992). In 1999, he won a second Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor for "The Cider House Rules".

Caine played Nigel Powers, Austin Powers' father in the 2002 parody "Austin Powers in Goldmember", and Alfred Pennyworth in Christopher Nolan's "The Dark Knight Trilogy". He appeared in several other of Nolan's movies, including "The Prestige" (2006), "Inception" (2010) and "Interstellar" (2014). 

He also appeared in Alfonso Cuarón's "Children of Men" and Matthew Vaughn's action comedy movie "".

Caine is one of only two actors nominated for an Academy Award for acting in every decade from the 1960s to the 2000s, the other one being Jack Nicholson.

Caine was married to Patricia Haines from 1955 until they divorced in 1962. He later married Shakira Baksh in 1973. Caine has two children. He supports the Conservative Party and voted for Brexit.

In July 2016, Caine legally changed his name from Maurice Joseph Micklewhite to Michael Caine in order to make security checks at airports easier. "[A security guard] would say, 'Hi Michael Caine,' and suddenly I'd be giving him a passport with a different name on it. I could stand there for an hour. So I changed my name."

Caine won the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor for his roles in "Hannah and Her Sisters" and "The Cider House Rules".

He won the BAFTA Award for Best Actor in a Leading Role for his role in "Educating Rita".

He won the following Golden Globe Awards:


 

Begging

Begging means asking people for money, food, shelter or other things, when one is not able to give anything instead. It is also referred to as sponging, spanging (short for "spare-changing") or (in American English) panhandling.

In larger cities, it is common to see beggars who ask for money, food, or other items. Typically, beggars often beg for spare change using coffee cups, mugs, small boxes, hats, or other items into which monies can be placed and sometimes display signs with messages such as "Help me. I'm homeless."

A 2002 study of 54 panhandlers in Toronto reported that of a median monthly income of $638 CAD, those interviewed spent a median of $200 CAD on food and $192 CAD on alcohol, tobacco and illegal drugs. The Fraser Institute, however, criticized this study. They said there were many forms of begging including ones in which good money can be earned. They also said that panhandlers' reports were not reliable 

Because of this, some people say that it would be better to give the beggars gift cards or food/service vouchers, instead of money. Some shelters also offer business cards with information on the shelter's location and services, which can be given instead of cash.

Aggressive panhandling means to ask for donations or help in a threatening manner. This is not mugging, but rather similar and therefore often forbidden by law. Examples include:




Benicio del Toro

Benicio Monserrate Rafael del Toro Sánchez (born February 19, 1967) is a Puerto Rican actor and film producer. He grew up in Santurce, but spent his adolescence and high school years in Mercersburg, Pennsylvania, USA. He has won several awards in his career, including an Academy Award.


Geoffrey Rush

Geoffrey Roy Rush, (born 6 July 1951) is an Australian actor who has won Academy and Emmy awards, as well as several others. He was the first Australian actor to win an Academy Award for acting.

Rush was born in Toowoomba, Queensland. He studied at Everton Park State High School and at University of Queensland. Rush was raised in Brisbane.

He has won one Academy Award for acting (from four nominations), three British Academy Film Awards (from five nominations), two Golden Globe Awards and four Screen Actors Guild Awards. 

He is the foundation President of the Australian Academy of Cinema and Television Arts and was named the 2012 Australian of the Year.

In 1975, Rush went to Paris for two years and studied mime, movement and theatre at the L'École Internationale de Théâtre Jacques Lecoq, before returning to continue his stage career with QTC. In 1979, he shared an apartment with actor Mel Gibson for four months while they co-starred in a stage production of "Waiting for Godot".

Rush is known for his roles in "Shine", "", "Shakespeare in Love", "", "Quills", "Finding Nemo", "", and in "The King's Speech". 

Since 1988, Rush has been married to actress Jane Menelaus, with whom he has a daughter, Angelica (born 1992), and a son, James (born 1995). Geoffrey Rush lives at Camberwell station, Camberwell, Victoria.


Joaquin Phoenix

Joaquín Rafael Phoenix () (born October 28, 1973), originally called Leaf Phoenix, is an American actor. He is from a family of actors, like his brother, the late actor River Phoenix. He has been nominated four times for the Academy Award, winning once in 2020. He also won the Golden Globe, Screen Actors Guild, BAFTA and Grammy Awards.

Phoenix is popular for his roles as Commodus in "Gladiator", as Johnny Cash in "Walk the Line" and as the main character in "Joker". 

He is also known for portraying firefighter Jack Morrison in "Ladder 49". He has recently begun directing music videos, as well as producing movies and television shows. He also sang and recorded an album, the soundtrack "Walk The Line", which won a Grammy Award. He has been a social activist for a long time, especially for animal rights. He is a vegan.


William Hurt

William McChord Hurt (March 20, 1950 – March 13, 2022) was an American actor. He won an Academy Award in 1985 for his work in the movie movie "Kiss of the Spider Woman". He played Thaddeus Ross in the Marvel Cinematic Universe.

In May 2018, Hurt was diagnosed with terminal prostate cancer. He later died from the disease on March 13, 2022 at his home in Portland, Oregon, only one week before his 72nd birthday.

Adrien Brody

Adrien Nicholas Brody (born April 14, 1973) is an American actor. He starred in Roman Polanski's "The Pianist" (2002). The role won him an Academy Award for Best Actor, the youngest actor ever to win the award. His mother, Sylvia Plachy (born 1943) is a Hungarian photographer. His father is of Polish descent.


Mark Wahlberg

Mark Robert Michael Wahlberg (born June 5, 1971) is an American actor and television and movie producer. His father was of Swedish and Irish descent, and his mother is of Irish, Scottish, English, and French-Canadian ancestry. He has been nominated for an Academy Award. He was also known as "Marky Mark" at the beginning of his career, when he had become famous as a rap musician with the band Marky Mark and the Funky Bunch after a brief time as a member of New Kids on the Block.

Wahlberg was convicted of assault when he was 16, for which he was imprisoned. He is a Roman Catholic.


Wesley Snipes

Wesley Trent Snipes (born July 31, 1962) is an American actor, martial artist and movie producer. He is best known for his role as the vampire hunter in the "Blade" trilogy movies.

Snipes was born in Orlando, Florida and spent most of his childhood in The Bronx, New York City. He moved back to Orlando when he was a teenager.

Jak 3

Jak 3 is a video game for Sony's PlayStation 2 made by Naughty Dog. It is the third game in the "Jak and Daxter" series. 

Jak, Daxter, and Pecker are thrown into the desert by their own people one year after the previous game, Jak II, ended. They are found by Damas, Kleiver, and another wastelander. Jak is tested in an arena, and wins a fight, proving him worthy to not be killed. He and Daxter then explore, meeting Seem, a monk and Errol along the way. This starts a "friendship" with the some well-known citizens of Spargus, and Jak and Daxter soon become used to the city of Spargus, completing missions and looking around the desert for artifacts, or out of mere curiosity. 

Further throughout the game, Ashelin (a key character in Jak 2), asks Jak to come back to Haven City. Jak refuses, telling her "they could rot for all I care", still angry for them throwing him and Daxter out of Haven City for the wrong reason.

Later on, he decides to go back, and meets everybody once again. He gains new light powers that give him the ability to fly, make a shield around him, slow time, and heal himself. With his newfound powers he saves Haven City and Spargus City from attacks multiple times. 

In the end, Jak finds out that Damas was his father, and Veger took him away from him. Jak chases Veger towards the catacombs, and meets the Precursors themselves. It is also found out that Daxter is a Precursor too. Jak and Daxter is sent to Errol to stop him. When he is defeated, Jak, Daxter, and all the others gather together in the arena, while the Precursors make their speech.









Edward Norton

Edward Harrison Norton (born August 18, 1969) is an American movie actor and director. He was nominated for three Academy Awards. He won the Golden Globe in 1997 for "Primal Fear".

Edward Harrison Norton was born on August 18th 1969. When he was 28, he played someone accused of murder in the movie, Primal Fear (movie) and was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor. In 1997, Norton starred in the movie American History X and was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Actor. In 1998, Norton played a character in the Matt Damon movie Rounders about poker. In 1999, Norton co-starred with Brad Pitt in the movie Fight Club. In 2000, Norton wrote the screenplay for a movie called Keeping the Faith.


Cardinal (bird)

The Cardinals or Cardinalidae are a family of passerine birds that live in North and South America.



Magpie

Magpies are birds in the crow family, Corvidae. They are general scavengers and predators of insects, small mammals, and other birds' eggs and young.

The word "magpie" usually means the European magpie ("Pica pica"), which is a very common bird, found all over Europe. Elsewhere, there are other species of magpie. Most are black and white and are in the genus Pica. 

There are other species of bird that are called 'magpies', though they are not true magpies. Oriental "magpies" are green and blue in colour, and are in the genera "Urocissa" and "Cissa". There is also one blue and white magpie, the azure-winged magpie "Cyanopica cyana". There is the black magpie, which is really a treepie. There is also the Australian magpie. It is not a member of the crow family at all. It is in the Artamidae family. All these are in different genera from "Pica". This is a good example of the confusion caused by common names before the Linnaean system came into use.

Magpies are large birds. They often have long tails. Magpies eat lots of different kinds of food. They may eat baby birds, eggs and carrion. They may also eat seeds and other parts of plants.

Magpies are clever birds. They can pass the mirror test. This is when the bird sees itself in a mirror and understands that it is a reflection. Magpies do not have any attraction to bright, shiny things, contrary to popular belief.



Final Fantasy Tactics

Final Fantasy Tactics is a tactical role-playing game for the PlayStation and Game Boy Advance. It was released in 1997 by Square Co., Ltd. on the PlayStation and in 2003 on Game Boy Advance (now Square Enix).

Vacuole

A vacuole is a membrane-bound organelle. They are a kind of vesicle. Vacuoles are closed sacs, made of membranes with inorganic or organic molecules inside, such as enzymes. They have no set shape or size, and the cell can change them as needed. They are in most eukaryotic cells and do many things. They can store waste. Vacuoles and their contents are distinct from the cytoplasm, and are classified as ergastic according to some people. The solution that fills the vacuole is called cell sap.

What a vacuole does and how important it is depends on what kind of cell they are in. They are much more important in plant and fungus cells than in animal cells. Some common jobs of a vacuole are to:

Vacuoles are also important in autophagy, keeping a balance between making and getting rid of many things in cells and organisms. They also help with destroying and recycling broken proteins that build up in cells. Vacuoles may help attack bacteria and some kinds of vacuoles may act as a house for symbiotic bacteria. In protists, vacuoles also store and help digest food that the protist ate.

The central vacuole is a cellular organelle found in plant cells. It is often the largest organelle in the cell. It is surrounded by a membrane and holds materials and wastes. It also keeps the proper pressure in the plant cells, and supports the growing plant.

The evolution of multicellularity took place several times on Earth. That is, separately in animals, fungi, streptophytes (charophyte algae and land plants), red algae, and brown algae. The vacuole probably evolved several times independently, even within the green plants.

College of Arms

The College of Arms, in London is one of the few remaining government heraldic authorities in Europe. It was founded in 1484 by King Richard III, and its job is to control heraldry and grant new "armorial bearings", sometime called coats of arms.

The college is run by the Kings of Arms, heralds and pursuivants who handle heraldic affairs in England, Wales and Northern Ireland on behalf of the Queen. (Scotland has its own heraldic authority: Lord Lyon King of Arms and his office.)

The college also grants arms to citizens of other Commonwealth countries that do not have their own heralds. (Canadians use Canadian Heraldic Authority and South Africans have the Bureau of Heraldry)

As well as designing and granting new arms, the College tries to answer many requests from people trying to prove that they are descended from an "armigerous" (arms-bearing) person; a person descended in the male line (or through heraldic heiresses) from an armiger may be reissued that ancestor's arms. Special marks called difference marks can be added make the coat of arms different from the arms of their cousins. The college is involved in genealogy and have many pedigrees (family trees) in their records. Anyone may register a pedigree with the college, where they are carefully checked and need official proofs before being altered.

Heralds were originally messengers. Officers of the College of Arms still sometimes read Royal proclamations in public, for example at the accession of a new sovereign.

They also help plan state ceremonies, such as coronations, the introduction of new peers into the House of Lords, and the ceremonies of orders of chivalry.

For these public appearances, the officers of the college wear costume showing their place in the Royal Household, either simple red livery or the herald's traditional colourful outfit of a tabard emblazoned with his master's arms (in this case the royal arms).

The College of Arms is on Queen Victoria Street in the City of London, not far to the south of St. Paul's Cathedral. The site was given to the college when it was re-formed by Philip and Mary I in 1555, and the present 17th century building dates from after the Great Fire of London in 1666.

The College of Arms was featured in the 1969 James Bond movie "On Her Majesty's Secret Service" where James Bond visits his friend Sir Hillary Bray who permits Bond to impersonate him so he can spy on Blofeld's base. Bray gives Bond information on Blofeld's ancestor Count Balthazzar de Bleuchamp. Bond is shown his own coat of arms with the family motto: "the world is not enough" (this was used for the title of the 19th Bond movie "The World Is Not Enough").

The Earl Marshal, a hereditary office held by the Duke of Norfolk, oversees the College, but he is not a member. He must give his written consent, called a warrant, before any new coat of arms can be issued. The Earl Marshal's court (called the Court of Chivalry) can hear cases about using coats arms, but the court has not sat since 1954. Usually the Earl Marshal usually leaves affairs to the professional heralds of the College.

There are, three levels of officers of arms: Kings of Arms, Heralds, and Pursuivants. The officers of arms occupy posts bearing traditional titles:

The officers of arms earn money from their own private practices in heraldry and genealogy. They get only nominal salaries as officers of the College. These salaries were set centuries ago and reflect the living costs of the day. William IV reduced them to the old level in the 1830s. The amounts are listed below, and is not taxed:

Any letters, telephone calls or visitors to the college not for a specific officer of arms are seen by the "officer in waiting". All members of the college serve as officer in waiting on rotation.

"Heralds Extraordinary" are appointed to take part in special ceremonial occasions or to help the Earl Marshal personally; they are not members of the college. Among the extraordinary heralds have been — 

The New Zealand Herald Extraordinary is not a member of the college but it is a permanent post created to oversee heraldry in New Zealand; he works together with the college to grant new arms for people and bodies in that country (where he himself lives and works).

The Kings of Arms grant coats of arms by letters patent. Before they can even consider the granting of arms, an application, (called a "memorial") must be made to the Earl Marshal, and a fee paid.

The Kings of Arms are authorised in their "patents of appointment" (the letter giving them their job) to grant coats of arms to "eminent men". Originally this meant someone who was rich or had social status. By 1530, the heralds wanted successful candidates for a grant of arms to have £300 or rent from land of £10 a year. Since the heralds get fees for granting arms, they have always been generous when deciding who should be allowed a coat of arms. In 1616, Ralphe Brooke, York Herald, tricked the Garter King of Arms into granting a coat of arms to the common hangman for a fee of 22 shillings (£1-20p).

This is why the Earl Marshal's permission to grant a coat of arms is needed. 

There are no fixed rules about granting modern coats of arms. If a herald is approached and does not consider that the application has merit, he may tactfully suggest to the applicant that he or she should not proceed. If it does proceed, its success or otherwise will depend on the approval of the Earl Marshal, who may apply his own standards. Peter Gwynn-Jones has recently written that
The coat of arms, or a differenced version of them using marks of cadency, can be used by "all" of the legitimate children of an individual and such children and their descendants may bear the arms (or a differenced version of them) from the moment of birth: they do not have to wait for the death of the previous generation. The College of Arms does not need to approve the use of the arms in each generation: the original grant of arms is the only authority required. Although daughters and sons inherit the right to bear arms for themselves personally, the right passes only through the male line: hence, a son transmits the arms to his children, but a daughter, can use them herself, but her children cannot. A partial exception to this rule is the case of a woman who has no brothers, or whose brothers have no children; such a woman is called a heraldic heiress and may transmit the arms to her children as a quartering with their father's arms, and to their descendents.

The costs involved are quite substantial. The applicant does not buy a coat of arms: the arms themselves are freely given, but fees must be paid to the heralds and artists involved as professionals, and to support the buildings and other running costs of the College. Aside from the heralds' traditional nominal salaries, given above, the College of Arms is not financed by the taxpayer.

The College of Arms is also responsible for recording the changes of names. In order to change one's name, one must apply for a deed poll to be entered on the College's registers and published in the London Gazette.

When a Royal Licence is granted for a transfer of arms, the change of the surname may be permitted by the Licence itself, so there is no need of a deed poll.



City of Sunderland

The City of Sunderland is a metropolitan borough in Tyne and Wear, in North East England. Since 1992 it has had the status of a city and metropolitan borough. 

It is named after its largest settlement, Sunderland, but covers a far larger area which includes the towns of Washington, Houghton-le-Spring, and other smaller settlements.

The district was created in 1974 as the Metropolitan Borough of Sunderland when all local government in England and Wales was changed by the Local Government Act 1972. This was when four different local government districts from County Durham were joined together. 

Sunderland became a city in 1992, the 40th anniversary of Queen Elizabeth's "accession" (the time she became queen). 

The district had a population of 280,807 at the time of the 2001 census. 

On March 24, 2004, the City adopted St Benedict Biscop as its patron saint. A patron had never been adopted before.


Self-Strengthening Movement

The Self-Strengthening Movement ( or ; 1861 - 1895) was a reform organised during the late Qing Dynasty. The movement's intent was the modernization of China as a result of many military defeats it had faced at the hands of the West. It could be divided into three phases the first phase (1861 - 1872), the second phase (1872 - 1885) and the third phase (1885 - 1895). 

After the defeat of Opium Wars and the outbreak of Taiping Rebellion, the emperor and imperial officials realised that the Qing Government might be overthrown soon and they would no longer reign the country. In order to prevent this, a series of reforms were implemented in the Self-Strengthening Movement, sometimes called "Westernization" which sought to adopt ideas from the West, mainly in technology.


Michael Keaton

Michael John Douglas (born September 5, 1951), better known by the artistic name Michael Keaton, is an American actor. He became popular for his early comedic film roles, most notably his performance as the title character of Tim Burton's "Beetlejuice", and later gained international fame for his dramatic portrayal of Bruce Wayne / Batman in Tim Burton's "Batman" (1989), "Batman Returns" (1992) and in "The Flash" (2023). He won a Golden Globe Award and was nominated for an Academy Award in 2015 for his role in "Birdman". In 2016, he played Ray Kroc in "The Founder". He played the villain, the Vulture in the Marvel Cinematic Universe movie "" (2017).

Keaton was born on September 5, 1951, in Kennedy Township, Pennsylvania. He lived in Robinson Township, Allegheny County, Pennsylvania. His father, George A. Douglas, worked as a civil engineer and surveyor, and his mother, Leona Elizabeth (nee Loftus), a homemaker, came from McKees Rocks, Pennsylvania. Keaton was raised in a Catholic family. He is of Irish and Scots-Irish ancestry. He attended Montour High School in Pennsylvania. Douglas studied speech for two years at Kent State, before dropping out and moving to Pittsburgh.

Keaton supported Senator Bernie Sanders for President in the 2016 U.S. presidential election.




Inequality

Inequality is when one object is:

Inequality is sometimes used to name a statement that one expression is smaller, greater, not smaller or not greater than the other.

Inequality in math is when two solutions or answers are compared by greater than or less than. It is when the two or yet many solutions are being compared is not of equal amount. Solving an inequality means finding its solutions. When you substitute a number to a variable and the statement is true, then it is a solution. When you substitute a number to a variable and the statement is not true then, the number is not a solution to the statement.

Solving inequality is finding a solution to a given variable. It is finding a relative order of a set. Inequality might have many solutions, but usually only solutions as real numbers are the ones we are looking for. The proper way to read inequality is from left to right, just like the other equations, but the only difference is that they have different rules for every equation.

For example, consider the inequality x+4>12, where x is a real number. First, one needs to find the x and verify that it is actually a solution. The answer will be x>8 and it is a true statement. This expression is about the location of x within the set of real numbers. A number line is one way to show the location relative to all other real numbers.(See figure Inequality 1)

There are five different kinds of inequalities:

There are four ways to solve quadratic equations:
Furthermore, it will take two steps to solve an inequality. The first one is to simplify using the reciprocal of addition or subtraction. The second one is to simplify more by using the reciprocal of multiplication or division. Note that when multiplying or dividing an inequality by a negative number, the inequality symbol must be reversed.

Inequality is a mathematical statement that explains that the two values are not equal and are different. The equation a≠b means that "a" is not equal to "b". Inequality is the same with any equation, with the (only) difference that inequality does not use an equal sign but inequality symbols. The inequality b>a means that b is greater than a. Speed limits, mark, and others use inequality to express them.

When solving an inequality, a person need to have a true statement. When you divide or multiply an inequality with a negative number on both sides, the statement is false. In order to make the statement correct with a negative number, one must reverse the direction of the inequality symbol. When a number is a positive number, one does not need to reverse the symbol. Inequality is about making a true statement.

For example, start with a true statement -6"y"<-12. When both sides are divided by -6, the result will become y<2. In this statement, the symbol need to be reversed in order to have a true statement, which produces y>2 as the correct answer. In the number line (see figure Inequality 2), a closed shaded circle points out that it is included in the solution set. An open circle points out that it is not included in the solution set.


Chechnya

Chechnya (; ), officially the Chechen Republic (; ), is a federal subject in Russia. It is located in the Caucasus region of Western Asia. The capital is Grozny.

Most people in Chechnya are Muslims and are of ancient Hurrian roots who spoke a Caucasian language. Most Chechens belong to the Shafi`i school of Sunni Islam.

Chechens speak their own language, not related to the Russian language. The Chechen language is part of the Northeast Caucasian, or "Vainakh", family, while Russian is a Slavic language.

During Soviet control, Chechnya was unified with Ingushetia. After the fall of the Soviet Union, Chechnya broke away from Ingushetia to form its own republic. The Chechens wanted independence. After the First Chechen War, Chechnya was de facto independent as the Chechen Republic of Ichkeria. After the Second Chechen War, Russia regained control of Chechnya.

Russia has claimed Chechnya as part of its country since the Russians invaded the Caucasus in the 18th century.

The current leader of the Chechen Republic is Ramzan Kadyrov. He is also the son of the 1st Chechen President, Akhmad Kadyrov.


Hilbert's paradox of the Grand Hotel

Hilbert's paradox of the Grand Hotel is a mathematical paradox named after the German mathematician David Hilbert. Hilbert used it as an example to show how infinity does not act in the same way as regular numbers do.

Normal hotels have a set number of rooms. This number is finite. Once every room has been assigned to a guest, any new guest that wants a room and does not have one yet cannot be served - in other words, the hotel is fully booked.

Now suppose that there is a hotel that has an infinite number of rooms. As a convenience, the rooms have numbers, the first room has the number 1, the second has number 2, and so on. If all the rooms are filled, it might appear that no more guests can be taken in, as in a hotel with a finite number of rooms. This is wrong, though. A room can be provided for another guest. This can be done by moving the guest in room 1 to room 2, the guest in room 2 to room 3, and so on. In the general case, the guest in room "n" will be moved to room "n+1". After all guests have moved, room 1 is empty, and the new guest now has a room to occupy. This shows how we can find a room for a new guest even if the hotel is already full, something that could not happen in any hotel with a finite number of rooms.

Another thing that can be done with this imaginary hotel is to double the number of people inside, again when all the rooms are already full. This is done by asking each guest to multiply their room number by two and move to that room. (If their previous room number was "n", this time they would move to room number "2n".) This would send the guest in room 1 to room 2, the guest in room 2 to room 4, the guest in room 3 to room 6, the guest in room 4 to room 8, and so on. After finishing, we find that all the rooms with the odd numbers are empty. Then we can put an infinite number of guests into these empty rooms. Now the number of guests in the hotel has been doubled without making the hotel bigger.

The guest at room 11 would move to room 101.
The second person of group 5 (Address 5-2) would go to room 25.

This is not really a paradox, it is only counterintuitive. In a normal hotel, with a finite number of rooms, the number of "odd-numbered" rooms, is smaller than the total number of rooms. In Hilbert's Hotel this does not seem to be the case. 

The guest 1 of group 2 of vehicle 1 (1-2-1) goes to room 121.

Address 4-7-7-4 goes to room 4774.

Address 0-1 (hotel dweller) stays because 1-0-0-0-1 moves to room 10,001.

and so on.

Each pod holds 10 people.

Each megapod holds 10 pods. (100 people)

Each supermegapod holds 10 megapods. (1,000 people)

Each superdupermegapod holds 10 supermegapods.

Each ultrasuperdupermegapod holds 10 superdupermegapod.

Each ultrasuperduperubermegapod holds 10 ultrasuperdupermegapods. (1,000,000 people)

And so on.
This assumes that there is never an infinitieth layer. (The main ship)
Hilbert's paradox is a veridical paradox: it leads to a counter-intuitive result that is provably true. The statements "there is a guest to every room" and "no more guests can be accommodated" are not equivalent when there are infinitely many rooms. An analogous situation is presented in Cantor's diagonal proof.

At first, this state of affairs might seem to be counter-intuitive. The properties of "infinite collections of things" are quite different from those of "finite collections of things". The paradox of Hilbert's Grand Hotel can be understood by using Cantor's theory of transfinite numbers. In an ordinary (finite) hotel with more than one room, the number of odd-numbered rooms is obviously smaller than the total number of rooms. However, in Hilbert's aptly named Grand Hotel, the quantity of odd-numbered rooms is not smaller than the total "number" of rooms. In mathematical terms, the cardinality of the subset containing the odd-numbered rooms is the same as the cardinality of the set of all rooms. Indeed, infinite sets are characterized as sets that have proper subsets of the same cardinality. For countable sets (sets with the same cardinality as the natural numbers) this cardinality is formula_1.

Put differently, for any countably infinite set, there exists a bijective function which maps the countably infinite set to the set of natural numbers, even if the countably infinite set contains the natural numbers. For example, the set of rational numbers—those numbers which can be written as a quotient of integers—contains the natural numbers as a subset, but is no bigger than the set of natural numbers since the rationals are countable: there is a bijection from the naturals to the rationals.


Opposite number

In mathematics, the opposite or additive inverse of a number formula_1 is a number formula_2 which, when added to formula_1, results in 0. The opposite of formula_4 is formula_5. For example, −7 is the opposite of 7, because formula_6. 

A number formula_7 is called an opposite number of another number formula_8 if formula_9. By definition, formula_10 is the opposite number of formula_7. For example, formula_12 is the opposite number of formula_13 and vice-versa. This is because formula_14 

Opposite numbers are also known as additive inverses.

The opposite numbers satisfy the properties listed below.


 

Nth root

An "n"-th root of a number "r" is a number which, if "n" copies are multiplied together, makes "r". It is also called a radical or a radical expression. It is a number "k" for which the following equation is true:

We write the nth root of "r" as formula_3. If "n" is 2, then the radical expression is a square root. If it is 3, it is a cube root. Other values of n are referred to using ordinal numbers, such as "fourth root" and "tenth root".

For example, formula_4 because formula_5. The 8 in that example is called the radicand, the 3 is called the index, and the check-shaped part is called the radical symbol or radical sign.

Roots and powers can be changed as shown in formula_6.

The product property of a radical expression is the statement that formula_7. The quotient property of a radical expression is the statement formula_8., b != 0.

This is an example of how to simplify a radical.

If two radicals are the same, they can be combined. This is when both of the indexes and radicands are the same.

This is how to find the perfect square and rationalize the denominator.


Isle of Portland

The Isle of Portland is an island in Dorset in the south of England. Portland is south of the resort of Weymouth. 13,000 people live there. It is where the famous Portland limestone was originally found.

In 2012, the sailing in the Olympics took place on Portland and in Weymouth.

Weymouth, Dorset

Weymouth is a resort town in Dorset on the south coast of England. 52,000 people live in the town. Thousands of tourists have holidays there, because it is by the sea. In summer it is sometimes sunny and warm and there is lots to do. The sailing in the 2012 Summer Olympics were held in Weymouth and on the Isle of Portland nearby.

Chrysanthemum

Chrysanthemums are a genus ("Chrysanthemum") of about 30 species of perennial flowering plants in the family Asteraceae, from Asia and northeast Europe.


Flagship

A flagship is the ship used by the officer who commanded a group of naval ships. The term comes from the custom of the commanding officer to fly a special flag to show he was present.

Used in this way, "flagship" is normally a temporary name; the flagship is wherever the officer is flying his flag. However, admirals have always needed a special place; a meeting room large enough to hold all the captains of the fleet, and a place for the admiral's staff to make plans and draw up orders.

Over the years, the term "flagship" has been borrowed by other industries. These include broadcasting, automobiles, cell phones, and others to mean their core products or services.

Eurasian magpie

The Eurasian magpie or common magpie ("Pica pica") is a bird that lives in Europe, much of Asia, and northwest Africa. It is one of several birds in the crow family named as magpies.

In Europe, "magpie" is used by English speakers to call the European magpie; it is the only magpie in Europe outside the Iberian Peninsula. 



Sui generis

Sui generis (pronounced or ) is a term from Latin. It can be translated to "Of (his/her/its) own kind". It basically means that something has VERY special characteristics. They are so special, that the thing cannot really be compared to anything else. It is used in various contexts. The term was invented by philosophers. What they originally wanted to say was that an idea is so specific as to be unique, that it cannot really be part of a broader concept.

When lawyers talk about something being "sui generis", they mean that something is unique. It cannot be compared. With intellectual property, a design can be "sui generis".

The European Union is something that has come to be in the last few years. In some ways it is like state in others like a confederation of states or an international organisation. It is mostly classified as "sui generis".

In the sociology of Emile Durkheim, "sui generis" is used to illustrate his theories on social existence. He says that society, as it was there before any living individual was born, is independent of all individuals. His "sui generis" (its closest English meaning in this sense being 'independent') society will furthermore continue its existence after the individual ceases to interact with it.

Meryl Streep was praised in a "Wall Street Journal" review of "The Devil Wears Prada": "(her) pitch-perfect portrayal of Miranda is "sui generis", with a dramatic existence of its own, as unique and memorable as, say, a Bette Davis character."

Martin Kettle in "The Guardian" said about hung parliaments: "Each is "sui generis", dependent on the particular parliamentary arithmetic, inter-party momentum and surrounding political circumstances."

"Slate" has used the term several times; one article discussed the unique variations of French Rose Champagne: "Grower Champagnes are wines made by small farmers in the Champagne region who, bucking convention, choose to craft their own wines rather than sell their grapes to the major Champagne houses. Typical of farmer fizzes, the grower rosés are utterly "sui generis"—in a few cases almost freakishly so."

A CNN "The Marquee" post said about James Brown, "I can't even begin to talk about his importance. He was "sui generis"."

Political commentator Dick Morris referred to the intense public interest in the 2008 US Presidential race as "clearly sui generis, and anything can happen."

Regular polygon

A regular polygon is a shape that can be drawn on a flat surface. It has sides that are all the same length, and its angles are all the same. In other words, a polygon which is both equilateral (which means all its sides have the same length) and equiangular (which means that all its angles are the same) is a regular polygon. It always has the same number of edges and points.

A polygon is also convex if there aren't any two points within it that can't be connected with a straight line, where the entire straight line is also in it. An example of a concave shape is a five-pointed star. It's concave because you can connect two of the points of a star with a straight line, and most of the straight line doesn't go through the star. If a five-pointed star is both equilateral and equiangular, it is also a regular polygon, but it isn't a convex one. All regular concave polygons are stars.
The simplest examples of regular convex polygons are:
Polygons with more sides look more like circles. A polygon with an infinite number of sides is called an apeirogon. Polygons can be described in text by a special symbol called a Schläfli symbol. This symbol is written as curly brackets, with some numbers inside it, like {3}. {3} is a triangle. The number inside can also be a fraction. A Schläfli symbol of {5/2} is a five-pointed star.

Most mathematical objects have things that can be said about them that are always true. These are called properties. All polygons (convex and star polygons) can be rotated in place by some angle and still look the same—in other words, they're all rotationally symmetric. For example, a square could be rotated a quarter turn, and it would look the same as before. Another way of seeing this property is that any polygon can have a circle drawn around it, touching all its points, and the polygon's points are evenly spaced around the circle. A polygon can also have a circle drawn inside it, touching all its edges (but not overlapping), and the places where the circle touches the polygon are also evenly spaced. The centers of the two circles drawn are in the same place. This proves that a regular polygon is rotationally symmetric.

The circle outside the polygon is called circumscribed, and the circle inside the polygon is called inscribed. Any polygon where a circle circumscribes all its points is called a cyclic polygon. All regular polygons are cyclic, but not all cyclic polygons are regular.

Straightedge and compass construction

Straightedge and compass construction, also known as ruler-and-compass construction, is drawing of lengths, angles or shapes using only a ruler and compass. 
Some things cannot be drawn this way. For example, there are only 32 regular polygons with an uneven number of sides which are known to be constructible. It has been proven that a square with the same area as the area of a circle cannot be constructed. This is called "Squaring the circle".

Carnation

A carnation is a type of flower. It has been grown for so many years, yet we are not aware where it came from.


Air Force One

Air Force One is the official air traffic control call sign aircraft carrying the president of the United States. Air Force One is usually always referred to any aircraft the president and his staff travels on. The official name of the plane is the SAM 2900 and VC-25.

Air Force One is one of the most recognizable symbols of the presidency not just in American culture but across the world. Emblazoned with the words “United States of America,” the United States flag, and the Seal of the President of the United States. Air Force One has an undeniable and amired presence wherever it goes and flies to.

Air Force One is maintained and operated by the Presidential Airlift Group, part of the White House Military Office. The Airlift Group was founded in 1944 as the Presidential Pilot Office at the direction of President Franklin D. Roosevelt.

For the next 15 years, various propeller-driven aircraft served until President Dwight D. Eisenhower flew to Europe aboard VC-137A, a Boeing 707 Stratoliner, in August 1959.

In 1962, President John F. Kennedy became the first president to fly in a jet specifically built for presidential use a modified Boeing 707 until it retired in 1990.

The current presidential aircraft, Boeing 747-200B, became the new and modified presidential plane in 1990, when President George H.W. Bush became the first president to ride on the aircraft.


Incubus

In the Middle Ages, people in Europe believed that Incubi (one Incubus, several Incubi) were male demons. There were also female demons, called succubi. They lay on sleeping people, to have sexual intercourse with them. They would also do this to make other incubi. While they had sex with their victim, they drained its energy to sustain themselves. Sometimes, having sex with an incubus may result in a child, as in the legend of Merlin. Some sources say that the incubus may be identified by its unnaturally cold penis. Religious tradition holds that repeated intercourse with such a spirit by either males or females may result in bad health, or even death.

People have come up with different explanations for the incubus legends. In the Middle Ages, people worried a lot about sin, especially sexual sins of women. Victims may have been experiencing waking dreams or sleep paralysis. Also, nocturnal arousal, orgasm or nocturnal emission could be explained by the idea of creatures causing an otherwise guilt-producing and self-conscious behavior. The influence of incubi could also have been used to explain how pregnancies happen outside marriage; such pregnancies were often "unexplainable".and unnoticed 

Victims who claimed to have fallen prey to the influence of incubi, could in reality have been victims of sexual assault by a real person. Rapists may have attributed the rapes of sleeping women to demons in order to escape punishment. A friend or relative may have assaulted the victim in her sleep. The victims and, in some cases the clergy, may have found it easier to explain the attack as supernatural in origin rather than confront the idea that the attack came from a trusted person.

One of the earliest mentions of an incubus comes from Mesopotamia on the Sumerian kings' list, ca. 2400, where the hero Gilgamesh's father is listed as Lilu (Lila). It is said that Lilu disturbs and seduces women in their sleep, while Lilitu, a female demon, appears to men in their erotic dreams. Two other demons appear as well: Ardat lili visits men by night and bears ghostly children from them. Irdu lili, is the male counterpart to Ardat lili. He visits women by night. These demons were originally storm demons. Because the etymology was interpreted wrongly, they were later seen as night demons. Also considered to be vampires which is another form of a demon that is said to drink blood from its victims.

Incubi and succubi were said by some not to be different sexes, but the same demon able to change its sex. A succubus would be able to sleep with a man and collect his sperm, and then transform into an incubus and use that seed on women. Their offspring were thought to be supernatural in many cases, even if the actual genetic material originally came from humans.

Many tales claim that the incubus is bisexual, but some indicate that it is strictly heterosexual and finds attacking a male victim either unpleasant or detrimental. There are also many stories involving the attempted exorcism of incubi or succubi who have taken refuge in the bodies of men or women.

Incubi are sometimes said to be able to conceive children. The half-human offspring of such a union is sometimes referred to as a cambion. The most famous legend of such a case includes that of Merlin, the famous wizard from Arthurian legend.

According to the "Malleus Maleficarum", exorcism is one of the five ways to overcome the attacks of Incubi, the others being Sacramental Confession, the Sign of the Cross (or recital of the Angelic Salutation), moving the afflicted to another location, and by excommunication of the attacking entity, "which is perhaps the same as exorcism." On the other hand, the Franciscan friar Ludovico Maria Sinistrari stated that incubi "do not obey exorcists, have no dread of exorcisms, show no reverence for holy things, at the approach of which they are not in the least overawed."

Commonwealth realm

A Commonwealth realm is a country in the Commonwealth of Nations which has King Charles III as monarch. They include his home country of the United Kingdom and many of its former colonies or territories. As of 2023, there are 15 commonwealth realms:

In each of the countries outside the UK, the King appoints a Governor-General to represent him, who, after consulting with the government of the realm, has all of the powers and duties of the Monarch. Usually the Governor-General signs all acts of parliament into law, but can wait and ask the King for advice or wait for him to sign the act himself. This happened in 1982 when Queen Elizabeth signed the important "Canadian Charter of Rights and Freedoms" during a visit to Ottawa, and the Australia Act 1986 in Canberra.

Although King Charles III is monarch of many countries, the British government has no power in the other realms, just as the governments of the other realms have no power in the UK. This is why each realm decides on the Monarch's official title. Usually it is "Queen/King of (realm) and Her/His other Realms and Territories, Head of the Commonwealth". But two countries mention the UK in their title for the Queen: Grenada uses "Queen of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland and of Grenada and Her other Realms and Territories, Head of the Commonwealth", while Canada uses the old-fashioned form, which reads "by the Grace of God, of the United Kingdom, Canada and Her other Realms and Territories Queen, Head of the Commonwealth, Defender of the Faith." Not all countries use the title "Defender of the Faith".





Dashiki

A Dashiki is a loose fitting, brightly coloured garment associated with African culture. It is also associated with the counterculture of the 1960s in the United States. The most popular styles cover the top half of the body. It originated in West Africa. A common form is a loose-fitting pullover garment, with an ornate V-shaped collar. It often has an embroidered neck and sleeve lines. There are both casual and formal versions.

The dashiki originated in West Africa and East Africa. Twelfth and thirteenth centuries burial mounds in Mali (West Africa) have revealed versions of dashikis. Dashikis were worn by both men and women. They may have been influenced by the thawb worn by Arabs who came to the region. Both garments keep the wearer cool in the hot African climate. The dashiki was worn as a work shirt in the shorter version. Another much longer version was called the grand boubou. It is also similar to the kaftan. All three are common to West Africa.

The dashiki became popular in the hippie culture of the 1960s. Peace Corps members returning from Africa brought back dashikis. African diplomats to the United Nations in New York were often seen and photographed wearing colorful dashikis. Dashikis were seen as a symbol of support for black racial struggles. Groups like the Black Panthers wore the Dashiki as a symbol of their black heritage. The Afro hairstyle, faded blue jeans and the Dashiki were all popular expressions of the Black is beautiful cultural movement.

Many of the rock groups of the 60s and 70s wore Dashikis. But black performers of the 60s 70s preferred the more conventional suit and tie look. But in the 80s several black groups wore the dashiki to show their heritage. One South African vocal group, 'Ladysmith Black Mambazo', wore dashikis extensively. This identified them more as Africans than Zulus.


Colorado Avalanche

The Colorado Avalanche are an American ice hockey team in the National Hockey League (NHL). They play their home games at Ball Arena in Denver, Colorado. They play in the Central Division of the Western Conference. The team has won the Stanley Cup championship three times: in 1996, 2001, and in 2022.


Battle of Midway

The Battle of Midway was an important naval battle of World War II, between the United States and the Empire of Japan. It took place from 4 June 1942 to 7 June 1942. This was about a month after the Battle of the Coral Sea, and six months after the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor.

The United States Navy defeated a Japanese attack against Midway Atoll (northwest of Hawaii) and destroyed four Japanese aircraft carriers and a heavy cruiser.

The battle was a decisive victory for the Americans. It was the most important naval battle of the Pacific area in World War II. The battle weakened the Imperial Japanese Navy for the rest of the war. Japan could not build up its forces again. The United States replaced their lost ships and planes with better ones very quickly. Japan could only make a few poor quality replacements.

The Japanese planned to bring America's carriers into a trap and sink them. The Japanese also tried to take Midway Atoll to build defenses far from their homeland and prepare to invade Fiji, Samoa, and Hawaii.

The Midway operation, like the attack on Pearl Harbor, was made to destroy the American strength in the Pacific Ocean. This way, Japan could become the biggest power in the area and unify Asia under its control. It was also hoped that another defeat would force the U.S. to ask for peace soon.

After the defeat, Imperial Japanese Navy forces retired. Japan lost four out of their six carriers, and hundreds of their best air pilots. This stopped the expansion of the Japanese Empire in the Pacific, and the Americans began to slowly advance towards Japan.

Japan had reached its first goals quickly, taking the Philippines, Malaya, Singapore, and the Dutch East Indies (now Indonesia). This gave Japan petroleum, which it needed to make more war. Planning for a second part of the operations started in January 1942. However, disagreements between the Imperial Army and Imperial Navy, and among naval commanders, prevented finishing the plan until April 1942. Admiral Yamamoto said he would quit if his plan for the Central Pacific was not accepted. It was accepted.

Yamamoto's main goal was to destroy America's carrier forces, which he saw as the main threat to the Pacific campaign. This concern was increased by the Doolittle Raid on 18 April 1942. In this raid, 16 US Army Air Forces B-25 Mitchell bombers launched from bombed targets in Tokyo and several other Japanese cities. The raid, while militarily unimportant, showed that American bombers could reach Japanese territory. This and other successful raids by American carriers showed that they were still a threat.

Yamamoto thought that another attack on the U.S Naval base at Pearl Harbor would make all of the American fleet to sail out to fight, including the carriers. However, because of the many American land-based airplanes on Hawaii, he thought that it was too risky to attack directly. Instead, he decided to attack Midway, a tiny atoll at the northwest end of the Hawaiian Island chain, approximately from Oahu. The Japanese didn't need Midway but they felt the Americans would try hard to defend it.

The U.S. did consider Midway to be important. After the battle, they set up a submarine base on Midway. That meant submarines operating from Pearl Harbor could refuel and get new supplies, so they could go farther west. Midway's airstrips were also used for bomber attacks on Wake Island.

Like most Japanese naval planning during World War II, Yamamoto's battle plan was very complex. His was also based on incorrect (wrong) information. He thought that and were the only carriers available to the U.S. Pacific Fleet. In May 1942, during the Battle of the Coral Sea, had been sunk and so badly damaged that the Japanese thought she had been sunk. The Japanese also knew that was being repaired on the US West Coast after getting torpedo damage from a submarine. and were in the Atlantic, but the Japanese were not sure this was so.

Yamamoto thought that the Americans had been demoralized by their defeats in the last six months. He thought a trick would lure the U.S. fleet into a dangerous situation. He spread out his ships, especially his battleships, so that they would be hard to find. Yamamoto's battleships and cruisers went behind Vice-Admiral Chūichi Nagumo's carrier force by several hundred miles. Japan's heavy surface forces would wait for the U.S. ships to come to defend Midway, and destroy them.

The plan was for Nagumo's carriers to cause so much harm to US ships that the Japanese could fire on them by daylight.

Yamamoto did not know that the U.S. had broken the main Japanese naval code. Yamamoto's choice to spread out his ships meant that none of his groups of ships could support each other. The only warships larger than the 12 destroyers that protected Nagumo's fleet were two battleships, two heavy cruisers, and one light cruiser.

The Japanese attacks in the Aleutian Islands (Operation AL) took away yet more ships that could have attacked Midway. Many histories once saw the Aleutians attack as a feint to draw American forces away. Early twenty-first century research shows that AL was supposed to be launched at the same time as the attack on Midway. However, a one-day delay in the sailing of Nagumo's ships resulted in Operation AL beginning a day before the Midway attack.

To battle with an enemy expected to have four or five carriers, Admiral Chester W. Nimitz, Commander in Chief, Pacific Ocean Areas, needed every U.S. carrier he could get. He already had Vice Admiral William Halsey's two-carrier ("Enterprise" and "Hornet") force. Halsey was sick with psoriasis and had to be replaced by Rear Admiral Raymond A. Spruance. Nimitz also called back Rear Admiral Frank Jack Fletcher's force, including the carrier "Yorktown" (which had major damage at Coral Sea), from the South West Pacific Area. It reached Pearl Harbor just in time to sail.

The damaged "Yorktown" however, was not completely crippled. The Pearl Harbor Naval Shipyard worked all day and all night, and in 72 hours she was ready to battle for two or three weeks. Her flight deck was patched, sections of internal frames were replaced, and several squadrons of aircraft were taken from "Saratoga". The pilots did not get time to train. Repairs on Yorktown continued even as she sailed out.

On Midway, by 4 June the USN had stationed four groups of PBYs—31 aircraft in total—for long-range reconnaissance duties, and six new Grumman TBF-1 Avengers. The Avengers were taken from "Hornet"s VT-8. The Marine Corps had 19 Douglas SBD Dauntlesses, seven Grumman F4F-3 Wildcats, 17 Vought SB2U-3 Vindicators, and 21 Brewster F2A-3s. The USAAF sent a group of 17 B-17 Flying Fortresses and eight B-26 Marauders with torpedoes: in total 126 aircraft.

During the Battle of the Coral Sea one month earlier, the Japanese light carrier "Shōhō" had been sunk and the fleet carrier had three bomb hits, and was in drydock undergoing repairs. Although the carrier was undamaged, she had lost almost half her airplanes and was in port in Kure awaiting new planes and pilots. No new pilots were available because none had been trained. Flight instructors were used in an effort to make up the missing aircrew.

Japan's two most advanced aircraft carriers were not available and Admiral Nagumo would therefore have only four fleet carriers: and ; and . At least part of this was due to overwork; Japanese carriers had been constantly operating since 7 December 1941, including raids on Darwin and Colombo.

The main Japanese carrier-based aircraft were the Aichi D3A1 dive bomber and the Nakajima B5N2, which was used either as a torpedo bomber or as a bomber. However, production of the D3A had been reduced, while production of the B5N had been stopped. None were available to replace losses. In addition many of the aircraft being used during the June 1942 operations had been operating since late November 1941; many were almost worn out and had become increasingly unreliable. These factors meant that all carriers of the "Kido Butai" had fewer aircraft than normal and there were not enough spare aircraft or parts. I
Japan's main carrier fighter was the fast Mitsubishi A6M2 "Zero".

Japanese scouting before the battle was disorganized. A line of Japanese submarines was late getting into position. This let the American carriers reach their meeting point northeast of Midway (known as "Point Luck") without being found by the subs. A second attempt at scouting, using four-engine Kawanishi H8K flying boats to fly to Pearl Harbor prior to the battle and see whether the American carriers were there did not work out because Japanese subs could not refuel the planes. Japan did not know where the American carriers were before the battle.

Japanese radios did pick up more American submarine activity and messages. Yamamoto knew this before the battle, but Japanese plans were not changed. Yamamoto, at sea on , assumed that Nagumo had received the same message from Tokyo, and he did not send the message, because he did not want the US to hear the message. Nagumo's radio antennas could not get the message from Tokyo.

Admiral Nimitz had one advantage: code experts had broken the Japanese Navy's JN-25b code. Since the early spring of 1942, the US had been decoding messages stating that there would soon be an operation at objective "AF". They guessed that it was Midway and sent an uncoded radio message that Midway needed fresh water. The code breakers then picked up a Japanese message that "AF was short on water." was also able to determine the date of the attack as either 4 or 5 June, and to tell Nimitz exactly which Japanese ships were coming. Japan had a new codebook, but it was not used for several days. The new code, which had not yet been figured out, was used shortly before the attack began, but the important information had already been figured out.

Americans knew where, when, and in what strength the Japanese would arrive at Midway. Nimitz knew that the Japanese had ruined their advantage in number of ships by dividing their ships into four groups, all too separated to be able to support each other. Nimitz calculated that the aircraft on his three carriers, plus those on Midway Island, gave the U.S. rough parity with Yamamoto's four carriers, mainly because American carrier air groups were larger than Japanese ones. The Japanese, by contrast, remained almost totally unaware of their opponent's true strength and dispositions even after the battle began.

At about 09:00 on 3 June, a US Navy patrol plane spotted the Japanese Occupation Force to the west-southwest of Midway. Three hours later, the Americans found the Japanese transport group to the west. They attacked, but none of the bombs hit and no major damage resulted. Early the following morning the Japanese oil tanker "Akebono Maru" was hit by a torpedo from an attacking PBY. This was the only successful air-launched torpedo attack by the U.S. during the entire battle.
At 04:30 on 4 June, Nagumo launched his attack on Midway. It consisted of 36 dive bombers 36 torpedo bombers, escorted by 36 Mitsubishi Zero fighters. At the same time he launched a defensive combat air patrol. His eight search planes launched 30 minutes late.

Japanese reconnaissance plans were poor, with too few aircraft to cover the search areas. Yamamoto's decisions had now become a serious problem.

As Nagumo's bombers and fighters were taking off, 11 PBYs were leaving Midway to search for Japanese ships. They reported sighting two Japanese carriers with empty decks, which meant an air strike was on its way. American radar picked up the enemy at a distance of several miles, and planes were sent off to defend Midway. Bombers headed off to attack the Japanese carrier fleet. US fighters remained behind to defend Midway. At 06:20 Japanese carrier aircraft bombed and heavily damaged the U.S. base. Midway-based Marine fighter pilots, flying F4Fs and obsolescent F2As, intercepted the Japanese and had many losses. Most of the U.S. planes were shot down in the first few minutes; several were damaged, and only two could fly. In all, 3 F4Fs and 13 F2As were shot down. American anti-aircraft fire was accurate damaging many Japanese aircraft and destroying four.

Of the 108 Japanese aircraft involved in this attack, 11 were destroyed, 14 were heavily damaged, and 29 were damaged. The initial Japanese attack did not destroy Midway: American bombers could still use the airbase to refuel and attack the Japanese invasion force. Most of Midway's land-based defenses were intact. Another air attack to destroy Midway's defences would be necessary if troops were to be able to go ashore by 7 June.

American bombers based on Midway made several attacks on the Japanese carrier fleet. These included six Grumman Avengers from the s VT-8 (Midway was the first combat mission for the VT-8 airmen, and it was the first combat of the TBF), Marine Scout-Bombing Squadron 241 (VMSB-241), consisting of eleven SB2U-3s and sixteen SBDs, plus four USAAF B-26s, armed with torpedoes, and fifteen B-17s. The Japanese fought off these attacks. The US lost two fighters, five TBFs, two SB2Us, eight SBDs and two B-26s.

One B-26, after being seriously damaged by anti-aircraft fire, dove straight toward the "Akagi". The plane just missed the carrier's bridge, which could have killed Nagumo and his command staff. This may have made Nagumo decide to launch another attack on Midway, against Yamamoto's order to keep the reserve force for anti-ship operations.

Admiral Nagumo had kept half of his aircraft in reserve. These were two squadrons of dive bombers and torpedo bombers. At 07:15 Nagumo ordered his reserve planes to be re-armed with bombs for use against land targets. At 07:40 a scout plane from "Tone" saw a big American naval force to the east. It seems that Nagumo did not receive the report until 08:00. Nagumo reversed his order, but it took 40 minutes before "Tone"'s scout finally radioed that there was a carrier in the American force. This was one of the carriers from TF 16; the other carrier was not sighted.

Nagumo was now unsure of what to do. Rear Admiral Tamon Yamaguchi recommended that Nagumo strike with the forces at hand: 18 Aichi D3A dive bombers each on "Sōryū" and "Hiryū", and half the cover patrol aircraft. Nagumo's opportunity to hit the American ships, however, was now limited. The Midway strike force would be returning shortly and needed to land or crash into the sea. Because of the constant flight deck activity, the Japanese did not get their reserve planes on the flight deck for launch. The few aircraft that were ready were defensive Fighter aircraft. Launching aircraft would have required at least 30 to 45 minutes. By launching right away, Nagumo would be using some of his reserve without proper anti-ship weapons. He had just seen how easily unescorted American bombers had been shot down. Poor discipline caused many of the Japanese bombers to get rid of their bombs and attempt to fight intercepting F4Fs. Japanese carrier rules preferred full strikes, and since Nagumo did not know the American force included a carrier, his response followed Japanese rules. In addition, the arrival of another American air strike at 07:53 made Nagumo want to attack the island again. Nagumo decided to wait for his first strike force to land, then launch the reserve, which would by then be armed and ready.

Fletcher's carriers had launched their planes beginning at 07:00, so the aircraft that attacked Nagumo were already on their way. There was nothing Nagumo could do about it. This was the flaw with Yamamoto's plans.

The Americans had already launched their carrier aircraft against the Japanese. Admiral Fletcher, in command aboard "Yorktown", and having PBY sighting reports from the early morning, ordered an attack on the Japanese as soon as possible. He held "Yorktown" in reserve in case any other Japanese carriers were found. (Fletcher's directions to Spruance were sent by Nimitz, who had remained ashore.)

Spruance thought that even though the range was far, an attack could succeed. He gave the order to launch the attack at around 06:00. Fletcher, upon completing his own scouting flights, followed at 08:00 from "Yorktown".

Admiral Fletcher, commanding the "Yorktown" task force, along with Captain Elliott Buckmaster,"Yorktown"s commanding officer, and their staffs had experience in doing a full strike against an enemy force in the Coral Sea. But they could not pass on what they had learned to "Enterprise" and "Hornet" which were ordered to launch the first strike. Spruance ordered the aircraft to go to the target right away, since destroying enemy carriers was important to the safety of his ships. Spruance decided it was more important to attack as soon as possible, rather than coordinate the attack by aircraft of different types and speeds (fighters, bombers, and torpedo bombers). American squadrons went to the target in several different groups. He hoped that he would find Nagumo with his flight decks full of planes.

American carrier aircraft had difficulty locating the target. The strike from "Hornet", led by Commander Stanhope C. Ring, did not fly in the right direction. Air Group Eight's dive bombers missed the Japanese carriers. Torpedo Squadron 8 flew in the correct direction. However, the 10 F4Fs from "Hornet" had run out of fuel and had to crash into the ocean. Waldron's squadron saw the enemy carriers and began attacking at 09:20, followed by Torpedo Squadron 6 (VT-6, from "Enterprise") whose Wildcat fighter escorts also ran low on fuel and had to turn back at 09:40. Without fighter escort, all fifteen TBD Devastators of VT-8 were shot down without being able to do any damage, with Ensign George Gay the only survivor. VT-6 lost 10 of their 14 Devastators, and 10 of "Yorktown's" VT-3's 12 Devastators were shot down with no hits. Part of the problem was the poor performance of the Mark 13 torpedoes. Senior Navy and Bureau of Ordnance officers never asked why six torpedoes, released so close to the Japanese carriers, produced no hits. The Japanese combat air patrol, flying Mitsubishi A6M2 Zeros shot down the unescorted, slow, under-armed TBDs. A few TBDs managed to get close enough to drop their torpedoes and shoot their machine guns at the enemy ships. This made the Japanese carriers to make sharp turns. The TBD Devastator was never again used in combat.

Despite their failure to get any hits, the American torpedo attacks made the Japanese carriers unable to prepare and launch their own strike. They also pulled the Japanese combat air patrol (CAP) out of position. As well, many Zeros ran low on ammunition and fuel. The appearance of a third torpedo plane attack from the southeast by Torpedo Squadron 3 (VT-3 from "Yorktown") at 10:00 made the Japanese CAP fly to the southeast corner of the fleet. Better discipline and using more Zeroes for the CAP might have enabled Nagumo to prevent the damage caused by the coming American attacks.

Three squadrons of SBDs from "Enterprise" and "Yorktown" (VB-6, VS-6 and VB-3, respectively) were approaching from the southwest and northeast. The two squadrons from "Enterprise" were running low on fuel because of the time spent looking for the enemy. However, the squadron commander decided to continue the search. He spotted the Japanese destroyer "Arashi". It was moving to rejoin Nagumo's carriers after having unsuccessfully depth-charged U.S. submarine . Nautilus had earlier unsuccessfully attacked the battleship . Some bombers were lost from lack of fuel before the attack started.

McClusky's decision to continue the search was a great help to the US carrier task force and the forces at Midway. All three American dive-bombers squadrons (VB-6, VS-6 and VB-3) arrived at the right time to attack. Most of the Japanese CAP were looking for the torpedo planes. Armed Japanese strike aircraft filled the hangar decks, fuel hoses lay on the decks and bombs and torpedoes were near the hangars, making the Japanese carriers very at risk of being damaged.

Beginning at 10:22, the two squadrons of "Enterprise"s air group split up and attacked two targets. By accident, both groups attacked the "Kaga". Lieutenant Commander Richard Halsey Best and two other planes headed north to attack "Akagi". Coming under an attack from almost two full squadrons, "Kaga" was hit by four or five bombs, which caused heavy damage and starting fires that could not be put out. One of the bombs landed near the bridge, killing most of the senior officers.

Several minutes later, Best and two planes dove on the "Akagi". Although "Akagi" getting one direct hit (dropped by Lieutenant Commander Best). It struck the deck elevator and went all the way through to the upper hangar deck. It exploded among the armed and fueled aircraft. Another bomb exploded underwater which bent the flight deck and caused rudder damage.

"Yorktown"s VB-3, commanded by Max Leslie, attacked "Sōryū". They got at least three hits and caused a lot of damage. VT-3 targeted "Hiryū", but got no hits.

Within six minutes, "Sōryū" and "Kaga" were on fire. "Akagi" was also seriously damaged. The Japanese hoped that "Akagi" could be saved or towed back to Japan. Eventually, all three carriers were eventually abandoned and sunk.

"Hiryū", the sole surviving Japanese aircraft carrier attacked. "Hiryū"'s first attack consisted of 18 dive bombers and six fighter escorts. They followed the retreating American aircraft and attacked the "Yorktown", hitting her with three bombs, which blew a hole in the deck, put out her boilers, and destroyed several anti-aircraft guns. Despite the damage, repair teams were able to fix the flight deck and fix several boilers in an hour. Twelve Japanese dive bombers and four escorting fighters were lost in this attack.

Approximately one hour later, "Hiryū"'s second attack was made. It consisted of ten torpedo bombers and six escorting A6Ms. The US repair efforts had been so well done that the Japanese assumed she must be a different, undamaged carrier. In the attack, "Yorktown" was struck by two torpedoes; she lost all power and developed a tilt to port, which put her out of action. Admiral Fletcher moved his command staff to the heavy cruiser . Neither of the carriers of Spruance's Task Force 16 was damaged.

News of the two strikes, with the reports each had sunk an American carrier (actually "Yorktown" in both cases), greatly improved morale in the "Kido Butai". Its few surviving aircraft were all recovered aboard "Hiryū" where they were prepared for an attack against what was believed to be the only remaining American carrier.

Late in the afternoon, a "Yorktown" scout aircraft located "Hiryū". "Enterprise" launched a strike of dive bombers (including 10 SBDs from "Yorktown"). Despite "Hiryū" being defended by more than a dozen Zero fighters, the attack by "Enterprise" was successful: four, possibly five bombs hit "Hiryū", leaving her on fire and unable to operate aircraft. ("Hornet"s strike aimed at the escort ships but it did not get any hits.) After hopeless attempts to control the fire, most of the crew remaining on "Hiryū" were taken off the ship. The rest of the fleet continued sailing northeast to catch the American carriers. "Hiryū" stayed afloat for several more hours. She was discovered by an aircraft from the light carrier "Hōshō". This led to hopes she could be saved or towed back to Japan. However, soon after being spotted, "Hiryū" sank. Rear Admiral Yamaguchi chose to go down with his ship, costing Japan her best carrier officer.
As darkness fell, both sides thought about the situation and made plans for action. Admiral Fletcher had to abandon the "Yorktown". He felt he could not command from a cruiser. He gave command to Spruance. Spruance knew the United States had won a great victory, but he was still unsure of what Japanese forces remained. He wanted to protect Midway and his carriers. He followed Nagumo during the day and continued to follow as night fell. Finally, fearing a possible night battle with Japanese ships and believing Yamamoto still intended to invade, Spruance pulled back to the east. He turned back west towards the enemy at midnight. Yamamoto decided to continue the attacks and sent his remaining ships searching eastward for the American carriers. He also sent a cruiser raiding force to bomb the island. The Japanese ships failed to make contact with the Americans due to Spruance's decision to pull back eastward, and Yamamoto ordered a withdrawal to the west. 

Spruance failed to regain contact with Yamamoto's forces on 5 June even though he made many searches. Towards the end of the day he launched an attack on any ships from Nagumo's carrier force. This strike missed Yamamoto's main group of ships. It did not hit a Japanese destroyer. The strike planes returned to the carriers after nightfall. Spruance to ordered "Enterprise" and "Hornet" to turn on their lights to aid the landings.

At 02:15 on the night of 5/6 June, Commander John Murphy's , in the water west of Midway, made the second of the submarine force's major contributions to the battle's outcome. Sighting several ships, neither Murphy nor his executive officer, Ray Spruance, Jr., could identify them. Considering that they might be US ships, Murphy did not fire, but reported the ships to Admiral Robert English, Commander, Submarine Force, Pacific Fleet (COMSUBPAC). This report was sent to Nimitz, who then sent it to Spruance. Spruance assumed this was the invasion force and moved to block it while staying northeast of Midway.

The ships sighted by "Tambor" were the four cruisers and two destroyers Yamamoto had sent to bomb Midway. At 02:55 these ships received Yamamoto's order to pull back and changed course. At about the same time as the course change, "Tambor" was sighted, and to avoid a submarine attack and hit into each other, causing serious damage to "Mogami"s bow. The less severely damaged "Mikuma" slowed to . This was the most damage any of the 18 submarines deployed for the battle achieved. Only at 04:12 did the sky brighten enough for Murphy to be certain the ships were Japanese, by which time staying surfaced was hazardous, and he dived to approach for an attack. The attack was unsuccessful, and at around 06:00 he finally reported two westbound "Mogami"-class cruisers.

Over the following two days, first Midway and then Spruance's carriers launched several attacks. "Mikuma" was sunk by Dauntlesses, while "Mogami" survived damage and returned home for repairs. The destroyers "Arashio" and "Asashio" were also bombed and machine-gunned during the last of these attacks.

The "Yorktown" was towed by USS "Vireo". In the late afternoon of 6 June, however, fired torpedoes; two struck "Yorktown", but a third struck and sank destroyer , which had been providing power to "Yorktown". "Hammann" broke in two with the loss of 80 lives. "Yorktown" sank just after 05:00 on 7 June.

By the time the battle ended, 3,057 Japanese had died. Casualties aboard the four carriers were:
"Akagi": 267; "Kaga": 811; "Hiryu": 392; "Soryu": 711; a total of 2,181. The heavy cruisers "Mikuma" (sunk; 700 casualties) and "Mogami" (badly damaged; 92) accounted for another 792 deaths.

In addition, the destroyers "Arashio" (bombed; 35) and "Asashio" (strafed by aircraft; 21) were both damaged during the air attacks which sank "Mikuma" and caused further damage to "Mogami". Floatplanes were lost from the cruisers "Chikuma" (3) and "Tone" (2). Dead aboard the destroyers "Tanikaze" (11), "Arashi" (1), "Kazagumo" (1) and the fleet oiler "Akebono Maru" (10) made up the remaining 23 casualties.

After winning a victory, and as pursuing the Japanese ships became too dangerous near Wake, The American forces pulled back. Spruance pulled back to the east to refuel his destroyers and meet with the carrier "Saratoga", which was carrying replacement aircraft. The American carriers eventually returned to Pearl Harbor. Historian Samuel E. Morison wrote in 1949 that Spruance was criticized for not pursuing the retreating Japanese, allowing their fleet to escape. Clay Blair argued in 1975 that had Spruance followed Yamamoto, he would have been unable to launch his aircraft after nightfall, and his cruiser escorts would have been destroyed by Yamamoto's larger and more powerful ships, including the battleship , with 18-inch guns.
On 10 June, the Japanese Navy gave an account of the results of the battle that did not tell the whole story. Nagumo's battle report was given to the high command on 15 June. It was intended only for the highest officers in the Japanese Navy and government. It was guarded closely throughout the war. Nagumo stated that the enemy was not aware of our plans. The Japanese public, and much of the military, were not told about the defeat: Japanese news announced a great victory. Only Emperor Hirohito and the highest Navy officers were told about the carrier and pilot losses. Army planners continued to believe that the fleet was in good condition.

On the return of the Japanese fleet to Hashirajima on 14 June the wounded were transferred to naval hospitals. Most were called "secret patients" and kept away from other patients and their families. The Navy did this to keep this major defeat secret. The remaining officers and men were quickly spread out to other units of the fleet and sent to the South Pacific, where the majority were killed. None of the flag officers or staff of the Combined Fleet was penalized, with Nagumo later being placed in command of the rebuilt carrier force.

The Japanese Navy learned some lessons from Midway. Aircraft were refueled and re-armed on the flight deck, rather than in the hangars. All unused fuel lines were drained. The new carriers being built with only two flight deck elevators and new firefighting equipment. More carrier crew members were trained in damage-control and firefighting techniques. The losses later in the war of , ', and ' showed that there were still problems in this area. Replacement pilots went through a short training program, meeting the short-term needs of the fleet. This led to a decline in the quality of training. These inexperienced pilots were sent into front-line units, while the veterans who remained after Midway and the Solomons campaign were kept flying continually. As a result, Japanese naval air groups declined in quality during the war.

Three U.S. airmen, Ensign Wesley Osmus (pilot, "Yorktown"), Ensign Frank O'Flaherty (pilot, "Enterprise") and Aviation Machinist's Mate B. F. (or B. P.) Bruno Gaido (radioman-gunner of O'Flaherty's SBD) were captured by the Japanese during the battle. Osmus was held on the "Arashi", with O'Flaherty and Gaido on the cruiser "Nagara" (or destroyer "Makigumo", sources vary), and later killed. O'Flaherty and Gaido were tied to five-gallon kerosene cans filled with water and dumped overboard several days after the battle.

The Battle of Midway has been called "the turning point of the Pacific". However, even after Midway, the Japanese continued to try to get more territory in the South Pacific. The U.S. did not become the more powerful navy until after several more months of hard combat. Midway was the Allies' first major victory against the Japanese.

However, it did not change the course of the war by itself. It was the combined effects of the battles of the Coral Sea and Midway that reduced Japan's ability to do major attacks. In addition Midway helped make US landings on Guadalcanal possible. The prolonged attrition warfare (a type of battle in which each side tries to wear down the other side) of the Solomon Islands campaign allowed the Allies to take an offensive stance for the rest of the Pacific War. Finally, Midway bought the United States time until the first of the new Essex-class fleet carriers became available at the end of 1942.

The battle also showed the worth of pre-war naval code breaking and intelligence-gathering. These efforts continued in both the Pacific and Atlantic areas of war. There were many successes. Navy code breaking made possible the shooting down of Admiral Yamamoto's airplane.

Some authors have stated heavy losses in carriers and veteran aircrews at Midway permanently weakened the Imperial Japanese Navy. Parshall and Tully, however, have stated that the losses in veteran aircrew, while heavy (110, just under 25% of the aircrew embarked on the four carriers), were not as bad for the Japanese naval air-corps as a whole. The Japanese navy had 2,000 carrier-qualified aircrew at the start of the Pacific war. A few months after Midway, the JNAF sustained similar casualty rates at both the Battle of the Eastern Solomons and Battle of Santa Cruz. It was these battles, combined with the constant death of veterans during the Solomons campaign, which weakened Japan. However, the loss of four large fleet carriers, and over 40% of the carriers' aircraft mechanics and technicians, plus the flight-deck crews were very damaging to the Japanese carrier fleet. After the battle and were the only large carriers of the original Pearl Harbor strike-force left for offensive actions. Of Japan's other carriers, was the only Fleet carrier that could be used with "Shōkaku" and "Zuikaku", while , , and , were second-rate ships. By the time of the Battle of the Philippine Sea, while the Japanese had somewhat rebuilt their carrier forces, the planes were flown by inexperienced pilots. 

In the time it took Japan to build three carriers, the U.S. Navy commissioned more than two dozen fleet and light fleet carriers, and numerous escort carriers. By 1942 the United States was already three years into a shipbuilding plan which aimed make the navy larger than Japan's. The greater number of USN aviators survived the Battle of Midway and subsequent battles of 1942, and combined with growing pilot training programs, the US had many skilled pilots.

Yamamoto did not know that the U.S. had broken the main Japanese naval code (JN-25). This let the U.S. fleet go to the right place at the right time.

Yamamoto scattered his forces to keep the attack secret, but that meant his formations could not help each other. For instance, Nagumo's fleet had few big ships. When the carrier planes were carrying out the strikes, the carriers were relatively undefended. By contrast, the flotillas of Yamamoto and Kondo had more big ships, "none of which saw any action at Midway". Their distance from Nagumo's carriers also meant he could not use their reconnaissance planes, so he knew little of what was happening.


Minnesota Wild

The Minnesota Wild are a ice hockey team based in St Paul, Minnesota

The Wild joined the NHL in 2000. Their home is the Xcel Energy Center in downtown St. Paul.


Ghassanids

Ghassanids, are an Arab clan who came to the Levant from Yemen before Islam. Ghassanids were Christians. Some of them remain Christians until modern days especially in Syria, Lebanon, Jordan, Palestine, and Israel. The Ghassanids were a puppet of the Byzantine Empire during the Byzantine-Sassanid wars during the war they fought against the Lakhmids. The Ghassanids were annexed by the Muslim Caliphate in the mid 600s AD.

Boeing B-29 Superfortress

The Boeing B-29 Superfortress was a heavy bomber aircraft with four engines used by the United States Army Air Forces in World War II, and by other countries' military after that. The name "Superfortress" came from its famous previous model, the B-17 Flying Fortress.

The B-29 Boeing Model 345 was one of the biggest aircraft to serve during World War II. It was one of the most advanced bombers of its time. It was the most used aircraft in the U.S. bombing against Japan in the final months of World War II, and B-29s carried the atomic bombs that destroyed Hiroshima and Nagasaki. The B-29 stayed in service for a long time after the war ended. By the time it was retired in the 1960s, some 3,900 planes had been built.

The American B-29 Superfortress was one of the most ambitious and expensive projects of WWII, even more expensive than the Manhattan Project. This enormous heavy bomber was equipped with numerous remote-controlled turrets and 4 powerful propellers. This heavy bomber  was used in later parts of the war, and was designed to finally supress the Japanese forces.

Sewing

Sewing is stitching cloth, leather, furs, or other materials, using a needle and thread. Sewing can be done on a sewing machine, or by hand.

"Plain" sewing is mostly done to make or mend clothing and household furnishings such as curtains, sheets, upholstery, and table linens. It is also used for sails, bellows, skin boats, banners and other items shaped out of flexible materials.

"Fancy" sewing is done to decorate materials, such as embroidery or quilting.

Sewing is an important part of shoemaking and bookbinding. Wounds are often sewn shut.

If a thread becomes loose in a sewn item, the stitches may unravel and require restitching to repair them. In repair sewing, pulling the threaded needle in and out of the fabric at the same lengths and places as the other remaining stitches can make a repair nearly invisible. Replacing a missing button on a garment follows the same procedure, although there are different possible ways to place the thread to sew on a button. While repairs are usually sewn by hand, most garments are created using a machine, which can range from simple to complex.

Saipan

Saipan (IPA: in English) is the largest island and capital of the United States Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands (CNMI), a chain of 15 tropical islands which are part of the Marianas archipelago in the western Pacific Ocean (15°10’51”N, 145°45’21”E) with a total area of 115.39 km² (44.55 sq mi). At the 2000 census, there were more than 62,392 people.

Saipan is at latitude of 15.25° north and longitude of 145.75° east, about 200 km (120 mi) north of Guam. Saipan is about 20 km (12.5 mi) long and 9 km (5.5 mi) wide. It is a popular tourist destination in the Pacific.


Knitting

Knitting creates flexible fabric by looping thread or yarn together using two or more knitting needles or a knitting machine.

Flat knitting, which is usually done on two straight needles, makes a length of cloth and is used to create things like blankets, scarves, and the backs, fronts, and sides of sweaters.

Circular knitting, which is done on circular needles, or needles that have points on both ends, produces a seamless tube and is used to create things like hats, socks, mittens, rings, and sleeves.

Patterns called "cables" are typically used on sweaters, particularly on fancy Aran sweaters from Ireland.
Different kinds of stitches create different patterns in knitting. For example, the stretchy ends of knitted sleeves are called "ribbing".

Yarn for knitting can be made from any number of natural or synthetic (man made) fibers such as wool, cotton, silk, or acrylic. Some yarns are made from a blend of several kinds of fibers.

Yarns come in many thicknesses or "weights" from fine to thick: lace, fingering, sock, sport, double-knit (or DK), worsted, Aran, bulky, and super-bulky. Thinner yarns are generally used with smaller knitting needles, and thicker yarns are used with larger knitting needles.

Knitting needles come in various shapes: straight, double-pointed, cable, and circular. They can be made from bamboo, aluminum, steel, or plastic.

Yarn

Yarn is a long, continuous length of fibers that have been spun or felted together. Yarn is used to make cloth or different wearable accessories including shoes, hats, scarfs, etc. by knitting, crocheting or weaving. Yarn is sold in a shape called a skein to prevent the yarn from becoming tangled or knotted.
Yarn can be made from any number of natural or synthetic fibers such as wool, cotton, silk, or acrylic. Some yarns are made from a blend of several kinds of fibers.

Yarns come in many thicknesses or weights from fine to thick: lace, fingering, sock, sport, double-knit (or DK), worsted, aran, bulky, and super-bulky. Very fine yarn is called thread and is used in sewing and embroidery.

Yarn can also be used to crochet.

Royal Australian Navy

The Royal Australian Navy (RAN) is the navy of Australia. It is part of the Australian Defence Force. It was created in 1901, and was formed out of the Commonwealth Naval Forces to become the small navy of Australia. The Royal Navy of the United Kingdom continued to defend Australia in the Pacific Ocean until World War II, when the RAN became much bigger and modern, adding many ships including aircraft carriers.

Today the RAN is one of the largest naval forces in the Pacific region and the Indian Ocean. As of December 2011, the RAN fleet consisted of 54 vessels. This includes frigates, submarines, patrol boats and auxiliary ships. Ships commissioned into the RAN are given the prefix "Her Majesty's Australian ships" (Or HMAS for short), because by constitution the Queen owns them and has command over them.

The head of the Royal Australian Navy is the Monarch presently Queen Elizabeth II. The professional head of the force is the Chief of the Navy who holds the rank "Vice-Admiral". The present Chief is Vice-Admiral Ray Griggs. He was appointed in 2011. The Navy is ran by the Department of Defence and the Naval Headquarters (NHQ). 
Beneath NHQ are two subordinate commands:

Fleet Command was previously made up of seven Force Element Groups. Due to changes it was made into four Force Commands:
The RAN currently has forces deployed on three major operations:
The RAN has two primary bases for its fleet:
In addition, three other bases are home to the smaller warships (e.g. Patrol boats):

As of June 2011, the RAN has 14,215 permanent full time personnel, 161 gap year personnel, and 2,150 reserve personnel. The permanent full time force consisted of 3,357 commissioned officers, and 10,697 enlisted personnel. As of June 2010 male personnel make up 82% of the permanent full time force, while female personnel make up 18%. The RAN has the highest percentage of women in the ADF, compared to the RAAF's 17.8% and the Army's 9.7%.


Torpedo

The torpedo, is an explosive projectile weapon that moves by itself (using a propeller), launched above or below the water surface, that goes underwater toward a target, and made to explode when it hits a target or is near to it. Torpedoes may be launched from submarines, surface ships, helicopters, aircraft, land etc. Robert Whitehead invented the torpedo in 1866.


Undercarriage

In aviation, the undercarriage or landing gear is the structure (usually wheels) that supports an aircraft and allows it to move across the surface of the Earth when it is not flying.


Seven Years' War

The Seven Years' War lasted from 1756 to 1763 and involved most of the great powers in Europe. At first, the war was made up of two conflicts. One was mainly between Britain and France, and the other was between Prussia and its enemies: France, Austria, Russia, and Sweden.

An important cause of the war was the War of the Austrian Succession.

The war was known by different names in different places. In the United States, it is called the French and Indian War. In French Canada, it is called the War Of Conquest. In both Sweden and Prussia, it was called the Pomeranian War because they were fighting over Pomerania. In India, it is known as the Third Carnatic War.

As for the conflict between Prussia and Austria, it is called the Third Silesian War.

Colonialism was common at the time. During the war, the trade interests of the British Empire were opposed to those of the Bourbons, who ruled France and Spain. The Hohenzollerns, who ruled Prussia, and the Habsburgs, who were Holy Roman Emperors and archdukes in Austria, fought each other, mainly over Silesia.

A "diplomatic revolution" established an Anglo-Prussian camp, which was allied with some smaller German states and later the Portuguese Empire. It fought an Austro-French camp, which was allied with Sweden, Saxony and later Spain.

The Russian Empire left its offensive alliance with the Habsburgs when Empress Elizabeth died and her nephew Peter III became Tsar. Sweden also concluded a separate peace with Prussia in 1762.

The war ended with the Treaties of Paris (France, Spain, Great Britain) and of Hubertusburg (Hohenzollerns, Habsburgs, Saxon elector) in 1763. The war had been characterized by sieges and arson of towns as well as open battles involving extremely heavy losses. Overall, some 900,000 to 1,400,000 people died.

Great Britain succeeded in the contested overseas territories by gaining the bulk of New France, Spanish Florida, some Caribbean islands and Senegal and superiority over the French outposts on the Indian subcontinent. The Native American tribes were excluded from the peace settlement, and were unable to return to their former status after the resulting Pontiac's rebellion.

In Europe, Frederick II of Prussia failed to complete a preemptive strike against Austria, and his opponents repulsed and at Kunersdorf nearly destroyed his forces. Frederick, however recovered, regained ground and managed to avoid any concessions in Hubertusburg, where the status quo ante bellum was restored. William Pitt's said, "America was won in Germany". He referred to the Prussian war effort, which enabled Britain to limit its continental commitments and to focus on her "blue water policy," successfully establishing naval supremacy. While French and allied forces were able to occupy Prussian and Hanoverian territories up to East Frisia, French ambitions to invade Britain and to continue with their commerce raiding were thwarted by a British naval blockade, which impaired French supply routes to the colonies.

The involvement of Portugal, Spain and Sweden did not return them to their former status as great powers. Spain's short intervention resulted in the loss of Florida, but gained French Louisiana west of the Mississippi River in exchange. Also, Britain returned Cuba and the Philippines.

The Treaty of Paris (1763) ended the war for Britain and France.


Battlefield 2

Battlefield 2 is a first-person shooter developed by Digital Illusions CE and published by EA Games.

By playing online the players can gather points for the global ranking. If a player has enough points, he is promoted to the next higher rank and can unlock new weapons and awards.

The storyline takes place in Middle- and Eastern-Asia in the near future. In this fictional war, the US Marine Corps fights against China and the fictional "Middle Eastern Coalition". So the players can use the most modern weapons like the F-35 Lightning II fighter or the T90 tank. It´s also possible to choose between different classes like medic, assault, sniper and others.

Because Battlefield 2 is a tactic shooter, teamplay is very important. One player by team can be the commander who issues instructions on his team. The other players can group themselves into squads.

In every round two teams are playing. At the beginning of the round, both teams have a certain number of tickets. By eliminating an enemy the teams can reduce the number of tickets of the other team. The team that has more tickets at the end of the round wins.

Battlefield 2 is the sequel of Battlefield 1942 and Battlefield Vietnam. The most recent game of the Battlefield series is .

There is also an addon named "Special Forces" in which several special forces (e. g. SAS) can be played. Also two so called "booster packs" are available: "Euro Forces" which brings the army of the European Union into the game and "Armored Fury" which relocates the storyline to North America.

Battlefield 2 is one of the most popular games in it´s genre. Although being released in 2005 it´s still played by many persons around the world and has a big community.


Battlefield (series)

The Battlefield series consists of the following first-person shooter games that were developed by Digital Illusions CE, and published by Electronic Arts:



Tangent

The word "tangent" can mean different things:


Subset

In set theory, a subset is a set which has some (or all) of the elements of another set, called superset, but does not have any elements that the superset does not have. A subset which does not have all the elements of its superset is called a proper subset. We use the symbol ⊆ to say a set is a subset of another set. We can also use ⊂ if it is a proper subset. The symbols ⊃ ⊇ are opposite - they tell us the second element is a (proper) subset of the first.

For example:



Lemma

Lemma may refer to:

Middle Temple

The Honourable Society of the Middle Temple is one of the four Inns of Court exclusively entitled to call their members to the English bar as barristers. (The others are the Inner Temple, Gray's Inn and Lincoln's Inn.) It is near the Royal Courts of Justice, within the City of London.

Albanian Orthodox Church

The Orthodox Autocephalous Church of Albania is one of the Eastern Orthodox churches. It is very new. It was created in 1922 by the fathers of the Albanian Orthodoxy Fan Noli, Visarion Xhuvani, and others. The Albanian Orthodox Church is autocephalous, meaning its bishop does not have to answer before any superior clerical authority.

Since its beginning it has had a difficult time. The church suffered during the Second World War, and in the communist period that came after. This became worse after 1967 when Albania was declared an atheist state, and no public or private expression of religion was allowed. After religious freedom returned in 1991, the church has become very active again. More than 250 churches have been created or repaired, and more than 100 clergy being ordained. 

The Church currently has four dioceses, Tirana, Durrës and Elbasan; Berat and Kanina; Gjirokastër; and Korçë.


University of Padua

The University of Padua (Italian "Università degli Studi di Padova", UNIPD) is in Padua, Italy. It was created in 1222. It is one of the oldest European universities and the second oldest in Italy. As of 2003, the university had about 65,000 students.

The university is usually said to have been founded in 1222 when a big group of students and professors left the University of Bologna. They did this to look for more academic freedom ('Libertas scholastica'). 
The first subjects to be taught were law and theology. The curriculum got bigger quickly, and by 1399 the institution had divided in two: a "Universitas Iuristarum" for civil law and Canon law, and a "Universitas Artistarum" which taught astronomy, dialectic, philosophy, grammar, medicine, and rhetoric.



Anti-aircraft warfare

Anti-aircraft warfare, or air defence, is any way of fighting military aircraft in combat from the ground. Different guns and cannons have been used for this since the first military aircraft were used in World War I. They have become more powerful over the years. After World War II, Surface to Air Missiles began to be used too. Today, both are used to fight against aircraft. 

Nicknames for anti-aircraft guns include AAA or triple-A, an abbreviation for anti-aircraft artillery", and flak or flack (from the German Flugabwehrkanone", "aircraft defence cannon"). An anti-aircraft missile is another name for a surface-to-air missile, also said SAM for short.


National Museum of the United States Air Force

The National Museum of the United States Air Force (formerly the United States Air Force Museum) is the official national museum of the United States Air Force and is located on Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, near Dayton, Ohio. Over 400 aircraft and missiles are on display, most of them indoors. Admission is free.

The museum has many rare and important aircraft and other exhibits, including one of four surviving Convair B-36s, the only surviving XB-70 Valkyrie, and "Bockscar"–the B-29 Superfortress that dropped the second atomic bomb in World War II. In contrast to the Smithsonian Institution's National Air and Space Museum, nearly all of the museum's exhibits are extremely accessible. Most are easily touched, even investigated, by visitors.


List of Tour de France winners

The first Tour de France was in 1903, but it was not run during World War I and World War II


The following riders have won the Tour de France on 2 or more occasions. Since the retirement of two-time winner Alberto Contador in 2017, the only active rider on the list as of that year is Chris Froome, currently with 4 wins. Contador had originally won three Tours, but was stripped of one following an anti-doping violation.

Lance Armstrong was removed from the head of the list after having all seven of his Tour victories stripped when he was found guilty of repeated doping offences. Had his tainted Tour victories been reallocated (as were the victories of Floyd Landis and Contador) to the second placed rider in each race, Jan Ullrich would have joined the list with 4 Tour wins. However, the race organisers ASO decided not to reallocate the titles won in those years, in recognition of the historic doping problem in the sport at that time - Ullrich himself having been banned for a doping violation. Ullrich, therefore, has a single Tour victory to his name.

A.  Bjarne Riis has admitted to doping during the 1996 Tour de France. The organizers of the Tour de France said that they no longer consider him to be the winner. However, Union Cycliste Internationale has so far refused to change the official status because a lot of time has passed since his win. Jan Ullrich was placed second on the podium in Paris.

B.  Lance Armstrong was declared winner of seven Tours in a row from 1999 to 2005. However, in October 2012 he had all his titles removed by the UCI because of his use of performance-enhancing drugs. The Tour director Christian Prudhomme had said before that if this happened, there would be no alternative winners for those years, but this has not yet been made official.

C.  Floyd Landis was the winner at the podium ceremony in Paris on the last day of the 2006 Tour, but later was found to have tested positive for performance-enhancing drugs during stage 17 of the race. The United States Anti-Doping Agency found him guilty of using synthetic testosterone during the race and removed his title on 20 September 2007.

D.  Alberto Contador was the winner at the podium ceremony in Paris on the last day of the 2010 Tour, but later was found to have tested positive for a drug that was not allowed, Clenbuterol, on a rest day. The Court of Arbitration for Sport found him guilty of using clenbuterol during the race and removed his title on 6 February 2012.

E.  Henri Cornet was declared the winner of 1904 race after the disqualification of Maurice Garin for cheating.

Inner Temple

The Honourable Society of the Inner Temple is one of the four Inns of Court around the Royal Courts of Justice in London. They may call members to the Bar and allow them to practice as barristers. (The other Inns are Middle Temple, Gray's Inn and Lincoln's Inn.)

The Inner Temple was first recorded as being used for legal purposes when lawyers' houses were burned down in Wat Tyler's revolt in 1381. Before that date, the Temple was occupied by the Knights Templar. The Inner Temple was damaged during the wartime bombings in the areas surrounding the River Thames.

sir edmund anderson chief justice of common pleas

Inns of Court

The Inns of Court are a group of four legal societies in Britain that have the exclusive right to train barristers and to regulate their admission to the English bar. The buildings, which house these societies, are called Inns of Court. The Inns of Court have directing and disciplinary functions over their members. The Inns also provide libraries, dining facilities and professional accommodations to members. Each Inn also has a church or chapel. 

Over the centuries the number of active Inns of Court was reduced to four, which are Lincoln's Inn, Gray's Inn, Inner Temple and Middle Temple. 

Lincoln's Inn

The Honourable Society of Lincoln's Inn is one of the four Inns of Court around the Royal Courts of Justice in London. They may call members to the Bar and allow them to practice as barristers. (The other Inns are Middle Temple, Gray's Inn and Inner Temple.) 

Lincoln's Inn is thought to be the oldest of the four Inns of Court. The history of the Inn can be traced back to 1422, although its actual origins are even older.

It is in Holborn, in the London Borough of Camden, on the border with the City of London and the City of Westminster.


The office of Preacher of Lincoln's Inn or Preacher to Lincoln's Inn is a clerical office in the Church of England. Past Preachers of Lincoln's Inn include:


Gray's Inn

The Honourable Society of Gray's Inn is one of the four Inns of Court around the Royal Courts of Justice in London. They may call members to the Bar and allow them to practice as barristers. The other Inns are Middle Temple, Lincoln's Inn and Inner Temple.

Gray's Inn is in Holborn, in the London Borough of Camden, on the border with the City of London and the City of Westminster.


Battle of Okinawa

The Battle of Okinawa was a great battle of World War II. It took place on Okinawa Island in the Ryukyu Islands (south of the four big islands of Japan). The battle was between the military forces of the Empire of Japan and the Allies. It was the second biggest amphibious battle (from sea to land) of World War II, after the Battle of Normandy. It was also one of the longest battles in history, from April to June 1945. The Allies won the battle and occupied Okinawa. Today, Okinawa is Japanese territory, but there are still American military bases there.

The Battle of Okinawa is considered to be the last major battle of World War II. The Americans were planning Operation Downfall, the invasion of the four great islands of Japan. This never happened, since the Japanese surrendered after the American use of the atomic bomb in August 1945 (first in Hiroshima, and a second time in Nagasaki) and the Soviet Union declaring war on Japan.

The battle has been called ""Typhoon of Steel"" in English, and ""tetsu no ame," "tetsu no bōfū"" by the people of Okinawa, which mean ""rain of steel"" and ""violent wind of steel"", because of the very heavy firing of guns and bombs at this battle.

Some battles, such as the Battle of Iwo Jima, had no civilians present, but Okinawa had a large civilian population. The civilians killed or injured in the battle were at least 150,000. American deaths were 18,900 killed or missing and 53,000 injured, more than double of the soldiers killed at Iwo Jima and Guadalcanal put together. Several thousand soldiers who died from wounds and other causes after the battle had finished, are not included. About a third of the civilian population of the island were killed.

There were about 100,000 Japanese soldiers killed and 7,000 captured. Some of the soldiers committed seppuku or simply blew themselves up with grenades. Some of the civilians, convinced by Japanese propaganda that the Americans were barbarians who did terrible things to prisoners, killed their families and themselves to avoid capture.

In 1945, Winston Churchill called the battle ""among the most intense and famous in military history.""'

Overall Allied command authority for battle was Fifth Fleet (under Admiral Raymond A. Spruance). Fifth Fleet was divided into several task forces and groups.

TF 56 was the largest force within TF 50 and was built around the 10th Army. The army had two corps under its command. In all, the Army had over 102,000 Army (of these 38,000+ were artillery, combat support and HQ troops, with another 9,000 service troops), over 88,000 Marines and 18,000 Navy personnel (mostly Seabees and medical personnel).

At the start of the Battle of Okinawa the 10th Army had 182,821 men under its command. The U.S. Navy had greater casualties in this operation than in any other battle of the war.

The Japanese land campaign (mainly defensive) was had 67,000 men (77,000 according to some sources). As well, there were 9,000 Imperial Japanese Navy (IJN) troops at Oroku naval base. There were also 39,000 local Ryukyuan people who were forced to fight.
The United States Navy's Task Force 58 was east of Okinawa. It had 6 to 8 destroyers and 13 carriers. Admiral Chester W. Nimitz gave his naval commanders time to rest.

Japanese air attacks had been light during the first few days after the landings. However, on 6 April, there was an attack by 400 planes from Kyushu. From 26 March-30 April, 20 American ships were sunk and 157 damaged.

The Japanese had lost up to more than 1,100 planes in the battle.

Between 6 April and 22 June, the Japanese flew 1,465 "kamikaze" aircraft attacks. Several fleet carriers were severely damaged.

Operation "Ten-Go" ("Ten-gō sakusen") was the attack by ten Japanese ships. In all, the Imperial Japanese Navy lost 3,700 sailors, including Admiral Itō. The US lost just 10 U.S. aircraft and 12 airmen.

The British Pacific Fleet was ordered to attack Japanese airfields in the Sakishima Islands.

The land battle took place over about 81 days beginning on 1 April 1945. The first Americans ashore were soldiers of the 77th Infantry Division, who landed west of Okinawa on 26 March.

On 31 March, Marines of the Fleet Marine Force Amphibious Reconnaissance Battalion landed without opposition on Keise Shima.

The main landing was made by XXIV Corps and III Amphibious Corps on the western coast of Okinawa on 1 April.

The 10th Army moved across the south-central part of the island. They captured the Kadena and the Yomitan airbases.

Six days later on 13 April, the 2nd Battalion, 22nd Marine Regiment reached Hedo Point (Hedo-misaki) at the northern part of the island. Japanese forces in the north were on the Motobu Peninsula.

The 77th Infantry Division attacked Ie Island (Ie Shima) on 16 April.

The U.S. Army 96th Infantry division and 7th Infantry Division went south across Okinawa. The 96th Infantry Division had violent fights with Japanese troops in fortified positions.
They had 1,500 battle casualties, while killing or capturing about 4,500 Japanese.

The next American goal was Kakazu Ridge. The Japanese soldiers hid in caves. There were many casualties on both sides.

On the evening of 12 April, the 32nd Army attacked U.S. positions. The attackers retreated. A final attack on 14 April was again stopped.

The launched a new attack on 19 April with 324 guns, the largest ever in the Pacific Ocean war. Then 650 Navy and Marine planes attacked with napalm, rockets, bombs, and machine guns.

A tank attack failed with the loss of 22 tanks. XXIV Corps lost 720 men KIA, WIA and MIA.

On 4 May, the 32nd Army launched another attack. This time, Ushijima tried to land troops on the coasts behind American lines. Japanese artillery fired 13,000 rounds. The attack failed.

Buckner launched another American attack on 11 May. By the end of May, monsoon rains turned hills and roads into mud.

On 29 May, Maj. Gen. Pedro del Valle ordered Company A, 1st Battalion, 5th Marines to capture Shuri Castle.

The Japanese retreat moved nearly 30,000 men into its last defense line on the Kiyan Peninsula. The 4,000 Japanese sailors — including Admiral Minoru Ota — all committed suicide.

On 18 June, Gen. Buckner was killed by enemy artillery fire. The last Japanese stopped fighting on 21 June, although some Japanese stayed hidden.


Naomi Nari Nam

Naomi Nari Nam (born July 6, 1985 in Anaheim, California) is a figure skater from the United States.

Nam was a very good skater as a child. She won the silver medal (second place) at the 1999 United States national championships behind Michelle Kwan at age 13. She would have normally gone to the World Championships after doing this, but she was too young according to the rules. She could have gone if she had won a medal at the World Junior Championships, but that was the last year the World Junior Championships were held before Nationals and Nam did not go to those championships.

Nam had a bad career after this. She had an injury in her hip and had to stop skating as a single skater.

In 2005, she started skating as a pairs skater with Themistocles Leftheris. They placed 5th at the 2006 Nationals, a very good result for a new team. They won the bronze medal (third place) at the 2006 Skate America competition, which was even more good. They won the bronze at the 2007 Nationals and then placed 6th at the 2007 Four Continents.

Naomi Nari Nam is a very graceful and flexible skater. She and Leftheris are a good pairs team. They do very hard jumps for a pairs team, which is helped by Nam's good singles career.


Themistocles Leftheris

Themistocles "Themi" Leftheris (born December 20, 1982) is a figure skater from the United States. 

Leftheris has skated pairs for most of his life. He has had many partners and has done very well with them. 

In 2005, he started skating as a team with Naomi Nari Nam. They placed 5th at the 2006 Nationals, a very good result for a new team. They won the bronze medal (third place) at the 2006 Skate America competition, which was even more good. They won the bronze at the 2007 Nationals and then placed 6th at the 2007 Four Continents.

Themistocles Leftheris is a very powerful skater. He and Nam are a good pairs team. They do very hard jumps for a pairs team, which is helped by Nam's good singles career.


Ohka

The Yokosuka MXY-7 "Ohka" (櫻花 "cherry blossom") was a type of airplane rocket, used for suicide attacks by the Empire of Japan in the last months of World War II. The United States gave the aircraft the name "Baka" (Japanese for "stupid").

It was carried by a bomber that dropped it when close enough to an enemy ship. The pilot guided it to crash with the target. When dropping down, it could go so fast that it was almost impossible to stop it. The operational record of Ohkas used in action includes three ships sunk and three other ships with great damage.



Stéphane Lambiel

Stéphane Lambiel (born 2 April 1985 in Martigny, Valais) is a figure skater from Switzerland. He is famous for his very good spins.

Lambiel was a good skater as a child. When he was 12 years old, he was picked to perform an exhibition at the 1997 World Championships.

He has won the Swiss national championships every year he has entered them, and at every level.

In 2002, when he was 16, the Swiss Olympic Committee told him he could go to the 2002 Winter Olympics if he placed in the top 15 at the European Championships. Lambiel placed 4th at the European Championships and he went to the Olympics.

In 2006, Lambiel won the silver medal (second place) at the 2006 Winter Olympics. He was World Champion in 2005 and 2006.

Lambiel is famous for having everything a skater needs to do well, called the "full package". He is very artistic, and has all the technical elements needed, including a quadruple jump. He is very consistent, except for the triple axel, which is a bad jump for him.

Lambiel has had a lot of injuries, which has kept him out of the Grand Prix a lot. After the Olympics, he did not feel very motivated. He missed the 2007 European Championships because he said he was burnt out. But he came back for the 2007 World Championships, where he won the bronze medal.

In 2010 he said he was no longer going to compete in skating.


Daisuke Takahashi

Takahashi was born in Kurashiki, Okayama.

Takahashi won the Japanese national championships in 2006 and 2007.

Takahashi is the first male skater from Japan to win the World Junior Championships and the first male skater from Japan to win a silver medal at the World Championship.

He was a member of the Japanese team at the 2006 Winter Olympics at Turin in Italy. In 2010, he won a bronze medal in the Winter Olympic Games at Vancouver in Canada.



Evgeni Plushenko

Evgeni Plushenko (born 3 November 1982) is a figure skater from Russia. He was born and raised in the Soviet Union. He is the last of the "Soviet System" figure skaters, which took children from their parents at a young age and raised them in a training system away from home while giving them everything they needed, including housing and food and equipment, so they could become the best.
Plushenko was a very good skater as a child. At age 14, he won the World Junior Championships. At age 15, he won the bronze medal at the World Championships. He has always been coached by Alexei Mishin, a very famous Soviet and Russian skater coach. At the time of Plushenko's rise, Mishin was also coaching Alexei Yagudin. When Yagudin saw all the attention Mishin was giving Plushenko, it made Yagudin leave and find another coach. Plushenko and Yagudin had a very big rivalry that ended in 2002, when Yagudin won the Olympic Gold and Plushenko won the silver.
Between the 2002 Olympics and the 2006 Olympics, Plushenko only lost a competition twice. The first time was to Emanuel Sandhu at the 2003-2004 Grand Prix Final. The second was to Brian Joubert at the 2004 European Championships. Plushenko came close to losing the 2003 World Championships to American Timothy Goebel, but won.

Plushenko withdrew from the 2005 World Championships with injury. But he won the 2006 Olympics with a very big lead over everyone else there.

Plushenko took the 2006-2007 season away from skating. He was married and had a child, but he is now getting a divorce. He is trying to come back to competitive skating, but still has a lot of injuries.

Plushenko is known for his consistency and his strong jumping ability. He has done a lot of quadruple jumps in competition and in combination with other jumps. He was the first to do a lot of quadruple-jump combinations. He has also done the Biellmann spin in competition, although he has not done that recently.


Bald eagle

The bald eagle ("Latin name: Haliaeetus leucocephalus") is a bird of prey that lives in North America. It is the national bird of the United States of America. The bald eagle is a kind of sea eagle.

It can be found in most of Canada, all of the United States, and the northern part of Mexico. It lives near big areas of water, where there are trees to nest in and there is a lot of food to eat. It is called "bald" because of its white head and neck. (There is more information on the bald eagle's name in the section below called "Name.")

The species almost died in the United States (while its numbers were growing in Alaska and Canada) late in the 20th century. Now it has a more stable population.

The bald eagle is a large bird. It is usually as tall as and its wingspan is . Female eagles are about 25 percent larger than males. Adult females weigh , while males weigh . The adult bald eagle has a brown body, and its head and tail are white. It also has yellow feet with large talons, and a hooked yellow beak. The males and the females' wings have the same colors.

Before bald eagles become adults, their wings are brown. Their wings are usually speckled with white dots until the fifth year.
The size of the bird depends on where it lives. The smallest birds are in Florida, where an adult male is only about . The largest Bald Eagles are in Alaska, where large females may be as much as .

The bald eagle is closely related to a species called the golden eagle. The bald eagle is physically and mentally different from the golden eagle. The bald eagle has a bigger head and a bigger beak, and its legs do not have feathers. 

When bald eagles "call," (make sounds), they chirp weakly and whistle. The young birds whistle more shrilly than adults.

Bald eagles usually live for around 20 years if they live in nature. The oldest ones sometimes live for 30 years. When bald eagles live in captivity, such as in zoos, they can live much longer.

This sea eagle gets both its common and scientific names from its head. "Bald" in the English name is from the word "piebald", which means, "one with a white head". The scientific name is from "Haliaeetus", which is Latin for "sea eagle".

The bald eagle was one of the many species written in Carolus Linnaeus's 18th century book "Systema Naturae". Linnaeus was a Swedish botanist, physician and zoologist who made the binomial nomenclature system.

There are two main subspecies of the bald eagle:

The bald eagle's natural home is in most of North America, including most of Canada, all of the United States, and northern Mexico.

The most bald eagles live near seas, rivers, large lakes, oceans, and other large places with open water and a lot of fish.

Bald eagles need old trees with hard wood to live, sleep, and make nests. They like trees that have holes and are safe from predators. However, the height or kind of tree is not as important as its distance from a body of water. Bald eagles need to live near water.

The bald eagle does not like to be near humans. It is are found mostly in places where there are no humans, or very few of them. However, a few bald eagles live in places with trees inside of big cities. They may live in city parks. Bald eagles live in a city in Oregon. A family of bald eagles recently moved into Harlem, which is a place in the middle of New York city.

The bald eagle flies very fast. It can move at speeds of 56–70 kilometers per hour (35–43 mph) when gliding or flapping its wings. However, when it is carrying fish, it flies about . Its dive speed is , though it does not dive a lot. The bald eagle is usually migratory, which means that it travels (migrates) between homes which are very far away from each other. In some places, bald eagles are not migratory. If a bald eagle's territory has water near by, it will remain there all year. But if the water where it lives freezes in the winter, it must migrate to the south or to the coast to find something to eat.

The bald eagle eats mostly fish. In the Pacific Northwest, spawning trout and salmon are the main food of the Bald Eagle.

Sometimes, eagles may eat a lot of carrion, especially in winter. They will also scavenge dead bodies up to the size of whales. However, eagles eat more large dead fish than whales. They also sometimes eat the leftover food from campsites or garbage dumps. The mammals they eat include rabbits, hares, raccoons, muskrats, beavers, and deer fawns. Some of the birds they eat include grebes, ducks, gulls, and geese. Reptiles, amphibians and crustaceans (especially crabs) are also eaten.

To hunt fish the eagle swoops down over the water and snatches the fish out of the water with its talons. They eat by holding the fish in one claw and tearing the flesh with the other. Eagles have special things on their toes called "spiricules" that help them hold the fish more easily. Bald eagles have powerful talons. They have been seen flying with a 7 kg fawn. Sometimes, when the fish is too heavy, the eagle will be dragged into the water with it. Sometimes, eagles swim back to the shore and live, but sometimes they may drown or die because of hypothermia (a condition when one’s body gets so cold the body temperature drops below normal). Other times, bald eagles steal fish and other kinds of food away from other animals. Healthy adult bald eagles are not eaten anywhere in the wild. This makes them thought as one of the top animals of the food chain.

Bald eagles become adults when they are four or five years old. When they are old enough to mate, they usually come back to the place where they were born. It is thought that bald eagles mate for life. However, if one of the pair dies or disappears, the other will choose a new mate. A pair which can not get a chick after trying for a long time, may split up and look for new mates. When bald eagles court, they call and show their flying skills. When they do so, two mates may fly high, and then lock their talons together, and fall, parting again right before hitting the ground.
The nest of the bald eagle is larger than any other nest in North America. This is because it is used again and again, and every year more is added to the nest until it may soon become as large as deep, across and weigh 1 tonne. One nest in Florida was found to be deep, across, and to weigh . The nest is built out of branches, usually in large trees near water. If there are no trees, the bald eagle will make its nest on the ground. Eagles have between one and three eggs per year. Both the male and female take turns incubating the eggs. The other parent will hunt for food or look for more to add onto the nest. The eggs are about long.

Once easily seen on the continental United States, the bald eagle was close to becoming extinct because of the use of the pesticide DDT. The DDT destroyed an adult bird's calcium, and it would become unable to lay more healthy eggs. Female eagles laid eggs that were too weak to withstand the weight of its parents. In the early 1700s, the number of bald eagles were 300,000–500,000, but by the 1950s there were only 412 nesting pairs in the United States.
Other things that stopped bald eagles from producing well was the loss of habitat and illegal hunting of bald eagles. Also, oil and lead were other big reasons why bald eagles began to die out.
The species was first protected in the United States and Canada by the 1918 Migratory Bird Treaty. The 1940 Bald Eagle Protection Act in the United States also tried to stop the killing of the bald eagle and the golden eagle. The bald eagle was an endangered species in 1967, and the penalties for people who killed the species grew more and more. Also, in 1972, DDT was banned in the United States. DDT was completely banned in Canada in 1989.

Because of all this hard work, the bald eagle's population began to rise again. It was officially taken out from the United States list of endangered species on July 12, 1995.

To keep bald eagles in captivity, the workers had to be experienced in caring for eagles. The bald eagle can live a long time in captivity if well cared for, but does not mate well, even under the best care.

The bald eagle is the national bird of the United States. It appears on most of its seals, including the Seal of the President of the United States. The Continental Congress made the design for the Great Seal of the United States with a bald eagle holding thirteen arrows and an olive branch with thirteen leaves in its talons on June 20, 1782.

The bald eagle can be found on both national seals and on the back of several coins (including the quarter dollar coin until 1999). Between 1916 and 1945, the Flag of the President of the United States showed an eagle facing to its left.

There is a popular legend that Benjamin Franklin once supported the wild turkey as a symbol of the United States instead of the bald eagle. However, there is no evidence that this is true. The legend comes from the letter Franklin wrote to his daughter in 1784 from Paris. However, this letter was about the Society of the Cincinnati, and it did not say anything about the bald eagle or the wild turkey.

The Bald Eagle is a holy bird in some North American cultures. Its feathers are thought to be special. They are used very much in spiritual customs among the Native Americans. Eagles are thought as messengers between gods and humans. Eagle feathers are often used in traditional things, especially in fans. The Lakota people, for instance, give an eagle feather as a symbol of honor to a person who achieves a task. In modern times, it may be given on an event such as a graduation from college. The Pawnee people thought eagles as symbols of nature and fertility. This is because their nests are built high off the ground, and because they protect their young very bravely. The Choctaw explained that the bald eagle, who can see the sun more directly, is a symbol of peace.

During the Sun Dance, which is danced by a lot of Native American tribes, the eagle is included in many different ways. A whistle made from the wing bone of an eagle is used during the dance. Also during the dance, a medicine man may direct his fan, which is made of eagle feathers, to people who need healing. The fan is then held up toward the sky, so that the eagle may send all the sick prayers to the god.

However, Native American tribes cannot use bald or golden eagle feathers for their religious or spiritual use anymore. This is because of a law called the eagle feather law. The eagle feather law usually defends Native Americans by providing many exceptions to wildlife laws, but it presently does not yet allow Native American tribes to use them yet. This made the Native American groups angry because they insisted that it was stopping their ability to use their religion freely.




End of days

End of Days usually can mean:

"End of Days" has also been the title of a number of movies and television episodes:

Stacy London

Stacy London (born May 25, 1969 in New York City, New York) is an American fashion consultant and media personality. She known best for her role as a co-host on the makeover reality program "What Not to Wear".

Kaiten

The Kaiten (Japanese: 回天, translated ""Change the World"" or ""Reverse Destiny"") was a torpedo that was changed to become a suicide weapon, and used by the Navy of the Empire of Japan in the last months of the Second World War. It was basically a torpedo with a pilot, and it could be thrown from a submarine or a ship.

The "Kaiten" was not very effective. Out of more or less 100 attacks made with them, only two enemy ships were sunk.



Blanket

A blanket is a large, usually rectangular piece of cloth, generally used on a bed over a sheet to keep the sleeping person warm. Some blankets are knitted or crocheted while others are made of two layers of cloth sewn together with stuffing in the middle. Blankets can be made with hollow fibre or feathers.

Other names for blankets are quilts, duvets, and comforters, depending on their thickness, construction and/or stuffing.

The word blanket probably came from the 14th century. A special kind of fabric called Blanket fabric was created by a Flemish weaver who lived in Bristol, England.

Blankets may also be used on the ground for a picnic or other places where people want to sit without their clothing getting dirty or wet.

Firefighters use a special fire blanket to protect household items such as chairs from water damage.

Electric blankets are heated by electricity. Blankets were traditionally made of wool because it is warm, naturally fire-retardant, and allows air to circulate well, while today synthetic fibers are frequently used. Throw blankets are smaller blankets, often in decorative colors and patterns, that can be used for extra warmth outside of bed.

Other kinds are horse blankets, used to keep horses warm, and saddle blankets, used to prevent the horse's saddle from rubbing on its skin.

Blanket terminology is also used in the printing industry. A blanket is a rubber coating over different layer of compressible material. It wraps around a cylinder and insures transfer of ink form the printed material (where the image is ink defined) to the paper. Blankets are used for offset, gravure, flexo, etc.

Crochet

Crochet is a way of creating fabric from yarn or thread using a crochet hook to pull loops of yarn through other loops. It is similar to knitting, except that usually only one loop is active at one time, and that a crochet hook is used instead of knitting needles. Also, crochet can not be made by machine. Crochet uses more yarn than knitting but is faster to make by hand.

Crochet is used to make clothing, household items like tablecloths, blankets and potholders, and toys. Lace is often made by crocheting, though it can be made by knitting and weaving as well.

Crocheting is also a great craft for younger children. The stitches are easy and their small hands are able to hold the crochet hook. They are also able to see progress very quickly and that motivates them to continue. It is very easy to start again after setting the project down, which will help to keep young people involved in the craft.



The US and the UK use different names for the same crochet stitches. If you are using a pattern, make sure you know if it uses US or UK terminology so you read it correctly.

Here are the main differences.

Weaving

Weaving is the interlacing of two sets of threads at right angles to each other to form cloth. Weaving is usually done on a loom.

One set of threads is called the "warp". These threads are held taut and in parallel order on the loom by "harnesses" creating a space called the "shed". The "weft" thread is wound onto "bobbins". In old-fashioned hand weaving the bobbins are held in a "shuttle", which carries the weft thread through the shed. The warp threads are moved over and under the weft threads. Modern high speed weaving does not use a shuttle.

Loom

A loom is a machine for weaving thread or yarn into textiles. Looms can range from very small hand-held frames, to large free-standing hand looms, to huge automatic mechanical devices.

The invention of the power loom by Edmund Cartwright was very important in the Industrial Revolution.

Sweater

A sweater is a piece of clothing worn on the upper body to keep the person warm. Sweaters are usually knitted or crocheted. Other names for sweaters are pullover, jersey, or jumper. Sweaters that open in the front are often called "cardigans". They are named after James Brudenell, 7th Earl of Cardigan, a British general during the Crimean War, who led the famous charge of the Light Brigade. Sweaters without sleeves are often called "vests". Sweaters can be worn all year long for comfort and warmth.

Scarf

A scarf is a piece of fabric worn on or near the head or around the neck for warmth, cleanliness, fashion or for religious reasons. Neck scarves are usually knitted or crocheted, while headscarves are usually woven.

Many Muslim women wear a headscarf known as a hijab. In the Persian Gulf Region it is called a sheila.

Across the Universe (movie)

Across the Universe is a musical movie made in 2007. It is directed by Julie Taymor and written by Ian La Frenais and Dick Clement. The main characters are played by Evan Rachel Wood and Jim Sturgess. There are also other famous actors and singers who appear in the movie: Bono, who plays "Dr. Robert", Eddie Izzard as "Mr. Kite", Dana Fuchs as a musician called "Sexy Sadie", and Salma Hayek as a nurse.

The movie was released in North America on October 12, 2007.

The story starts in the early 1960s. A young ship builder from Liverpool named Jude (played by Jim Sturgess) travels by ship to the United States in search of his American G.I. father called Wes (Played by Robert Clohessy). They have never met and his father does not know Jude exists. While looking for his father at Princeton, Jude makes friends with somebody called Max (Played by Joe Anderson), a rebellious young man from a rich background, and Max's sister Lucy (Played by Evan Rachel Wood). When Max drops out of college and moves to New York City, Jude goes with him. Max works as a taxi driver, while Jude tries to find work as an independent artist. They become roommates in a bohemian area of the city where they share an apartment with other people, including a woman called Sadie (Played by Dana Fuchs) who is their landlady and who is also trying to become singer. Other people who live in the same house include Jojo (Played by Martin Luther McCoy), a guitarist who arrives from Detroit after the death of his younger brother; and Prudence (Played by T.V. Carpio), a young lesbian who hitchhikes to New York City from Dayton, Ohio. Lucy joins them in the New York flat after her boyfriend is killed in the Vietnam War.

Lucy and Jude begin dating, as well as Sadie and Jojo, which leaves Prudence depressed. When Max is sent to Vietnam, Lucy becomes involved in an extreme anti-war group, which leads to tension with the non-political Jude. He is unhappy with the amount of time she spends with the political group, suspecting that its leader, Paco (Logan Marshall-Green), is a man who obsessively seduces and deceives women. Jude's art and his relationship with Lucy both start to break down. Meanwhile, Sadie has formed a band called Sadie and the Po Boys, with Jojo as her lead guitarist. She gains the attention of a manager (James Urbaniak) who signs her to a record label, but he wants her to drop her backing band. This leads to a break up between Sadie and Jojo, both musically and romantically.

The differences between Jude and Lucy grow. One day, Jude goes into the offices of the political group where Lucy works and is kicked out after punching Paco. This causes a fight between the couple, resulting in Lucy leaving Jude. Jude finds her at an anti-war demonstration at Columbia University during which many protesters, including Lucy, are arrested. When trying to help her, Jude is also arrested. Though Wes (Jude's Father) persuades the police not to take further action for activity at the protest, he cannot prove that Jude is his son, and Jude is sent back to England.

Max is wounded in Vietnam and is emotionally and mentally troubled by his war experience, while Lucy remains involved in her anti-war group that is becoming more and more violent. After Lucy goes to the old headquarters of her anti-war group, she discovers Paco and some of his followers making bombs. She then decides to leave the group. One of Paco's bombs explodes, destroying the building. Jude reads about the explosion in a Liverpool newspaper and is concerned that Lucy has died. He then hears from Max that she is alive, and he arranges to return to the United States properly and without breaking the law. He meets Max, who drives him to Sadie's music headquarters where a Beatles-style rooftop concert is being held by Jojo, Sadie, and their band singing an anti-war song (Don't let me down). Lucy is supposed to be there to meet Jude again, but no one can find her, and the group is forced to leave when the police arrive. But Jude manages to sneak back onto the roof and begins to sing "All you need is Love", his eyes searching the crowd for Lucy. The rest of the band sneaks back onto the roof, too and they join him with their voices and instruments. Jude smiles sadly and turns to leave the roof, but Max suddenly points as they sing, and Jude turns to see Lucy standing on the roof across the street, singing along. They smile at one another with tears in their eyes, and the screen fades out to white clouds and blue sky.



The movie's end credits show that a total of thirty-three separate Beatles songs featured in the movie, either in full or in part. All of these songs were written between 1963 and 1970 by the members of The Beatles (John Lennon, Paul McCartney, George Harrison and Ringo Starr) and recorded by The Beatles. Thirty of them are songs that are officially credited to the songwriting partnership of Lennon-McCartney. Three are credited to George Harrison. One title ("Flying") is a 1967 song credited to all four members of the Beatles (Lennon-McCartney-Harrison-Starkey).

Thirty-one of the soundtrack's songs feature vocals. Two of them ("And I Love Her" and "A Day in the Life") are brief instrumental versions of songs that were originally written with lyrics. One song ("Flying") was originally written as an instrumental.

Twenty-five of the vocal tracks are performed by one or more of the six lead cast members. Four of the songs are sung by stars with cameo roles (Bono, Eddie Izzard, Salma Hayek and Joe Cocker). One song ("Let It Be") is sung by supporting members of the cast. One song ("Blue Jay Way") is sung by indie Texan trio The Secret Machines. In twenty-nine of the vocal tracks, the vocalists are singing on-screen. Two of the vocal tracks ("Blue Jay Way" and "Lucy in the Sky with Diamonds") are sung by off-screen vocalists.

The remaining three of the thirty-four songs are rendered instrumentally. "Flying" is performed by The Secret Machines, "And I Love Her" is heard briefly as part of the orchestral score, and "A Day in the Life" is performed on guitar by Jeff Beck in a version recorded for Sir George Martin's 1998 album "In My Life".

In addition to the thirty-four Beatles songs, the soundtrack features an original score written by Elliot Goldenthal. Goldenthal worked on Taymor's previous movies "Titus" and "Frida". (Goldenthal and director Taymor have also been partners since 1982.)

This is a listing of the thirty-four songs written by members of The Beatles that are heard on the soundtrack, in the order featured in the movie. This listing includes notation of three songs that are heard twice in the course of the movie, so there are a total of thirty-seven individual music cues.


In March 2007, the media reported a dispute over the final cut of the movie. Concerned with the length of director Julie Taymor's cut of the movie, Revolution Studios (production studio) chairman Joe Roth tested a sneak preview of a shortened version without first informing Taymor. The incident caused a quarrel between the two, later involving Sony Pictures (distributor) Amy Pascal urging Taymor to agree to the shorter version. After several months of dispute, Taymor's version was eventually reinstated as the theatrically released version.

The movie received mixed reviews from critics. As of January 6, 2008, the review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes reported that 53% of critics gave the movie positive reviews, based on 180 reviews. However, the movie is currently at 82% with the Rotten Tomatoes community. Metacritic reported the movie had an average score of 56 out of 100, based on 29 reviews.

The movie appeared on a few critics' top ten lists of the best movies of 2007.



Hugo Weaving

Hugo Wallace Weaving (born 4 April 1960) is a British-Australian actor. He is also well known as a voice actor. Weaving is most famous for his roles as "Agent Smith" in "The Matrix" and "Elrond" in "The Lord of the Rings" movie trilogy, the main character of "V for Vendetta" and the voices of "Noah the Elder" in "Happy Feet", "Megatron" in "Transformers" and "Rex" in "Babe" and "". He was born in Nigeria to English parents. He spent his childhood in South Africa and then moved to the United Kingdom when he was a teenager. He moved to Australia in 1976.


Battle of the Philippine Sea

The Battle of the Philippine Sea was an important naval battle of the Second World War between the navies of the United States and Japan. This battle took place on June 19 and 20, 1944 near the Mariana Islands, and involved two big naval forces and many Japanese aircraft from bases on land. The battle was a great defeat for the Japanese Navy, which lost three aircraft carriers and some 600 aircraft in two days of combat. This happened because the Japanese airplanes were getting old and their pilots had little training, compared to the more modern and better trained American forces. After the battle, the Japanese Navy was almost completely destroyed. This victory for Allied forces opened the door for the invasion of Iwo Jima.


Tour of Britain

The Tour of Britain is the name of a cycle race held in United Kingdom. The race is made up of several parts in which the racers go from place to place across parts of Great Britain. The history of the event dates back to 1951. The Tour of Britain is part of the UCI's European Tour.

The race includes teams from Scotland and Wales, as well as a Great Britain team. In recent years, no English team has been entered. Teams from outside the UK compete too, for example in 2007 Team T-Mobile will take part.

The latest version, a professional stage race, was first run in 2004.

The Tour of Britain has had different names. This is because many different companies or groups of people have provided the money needed to have the event happen ("sponsors").


The first edition of the latest version of the Tour of Britain took place over five days in early September 2004. It was organised by SweetSpot along with British Cycling. The race was sponsored by the organisers of London's 2012 Olympics bid. It was well-promoted and many well-known teams were a part of the race. Such teams included T-Mobile (Germany) and U.S. Postal Service (USA). This was partly due to it being a 2.3 category race on the Union Cycliste Internationale (UCI) calendar.

The 2004 route ended with a 45 mile (72 km) criterium in London, where tens of thousands of people watching saw a long break by Londoner Bradley Wiggins last until the final lap. Enrico Degano of Team Barloworld passed him on the final lap to win that stage of the race. The Colombian Mauricio Ardila, of Chocolade Jacques, won the Tour overall.

The 2005 race was run as a UCI 2.1 category in six stages starting in Glasgow on 30 August and finishing in London on 4 September:

The Tour of Britain 2006 took place from the 29 August to 3 September as a UCI category 2.1 event. Martin Pedersen and Andy Schleck of Team CSC won the overall and King of the Mountains classification, respectively. Mark Cavendish (T-Mobile Team) won the points classification and Johan Van Summeren (Davitamon-Lotto) captured the sprints classification.

The 2007 edition of the Tour of Britain stage race was run as a UCI 2.1 category in seven stages starting in London on 9 September and finishing in Glasgow on 15 September. The Tour was extended to seven days for 2007, with the extra day being used to run a stage in Somerset for the first time. Instead of finishing in London as in previous years, the 2007 race started in London and finished in Glasgow, which is using the event to boost its bid to host the 2014 Commonwealth Games.


Tengiz

Tengiz is a lake in Kazakhstan, Kostanay oblast near Russia. This lake has an area of about 1950 km.

Aike

Aike is a lake on the border between Kazakhstan and Russia. The lake has an area of about . The village of Terensay is on the coast of the lake. The lake is at 

Tamgaly

Tamgaly is a lake in Kazakhstan, in South Kazakhstan oblast. It is also a UNESCO World Heritage Site where petroglyphs (rock pictures) have been found.

Union Cycliste Internationale

The Union Cycliste Internationale or "International Cycling Union" usually called the UCI is the governing body of bicycle racing in the world.

It sets out rules for bicycle design, and types of races. The UCI also issues licences to racing teams which gives them permission to compete in one of the ranks or "tours".

This is the highest grade, the 20 best teams are in the "UCI ProTour", and all of the races are in Europe.

There five Continental Circuits (one each for Europe, Africa, Oceania, Asia, and the Americas). They are the next highest grade after the UCI ProTour. The circuits were designed by UCI to encourage cycle racing outside the European continent, where it is most popular and where the three Grand Tour stage races Vuelta Ciclista a España, Tour de France and the Giro d'Italia are run. The Grand Tours are part of the ProTour

Ashchikol

Ashchikol is a lake in Kazakhstan, in Kyzylorda oblast. It is near the north border of the country.


Kajbagar

Kajbagar is a lake in Kustanay Oblast, Kazakhstan. Kushmurun Lake is about to the west.

Milk Marketing Board

The Milk Marketing Board was an agency of the British government. 

The Board bought all of the milk in England and Wales from dairy farmers and passed it on to be processed and sold. This way small farmers always got a fair price, because no big producer could sell their milk more cheaply.

The Board was first set up in 1933. In 1933 and 1934 three other boards were set up for Scotland and one for Northern Ireland in 1955.

From 1958 until it was abolished the Milk Marketing Board paid money for the Tour of Britain bicycle race, which was called "The Milk Race".

History of the Milk Marketing Boards 

Smithsonian Institution

The Smithsonian Institution is an educational and research institute and museum complex. Most of the institution is in Washington, D.C., but its 19 museums, zoo, and eight research centers include sites in New York City, Virginia, Panama, and elsewhere. It has over 137 million items in its collections. 

A monthly magazine published by the Smithsonian Institution is also named the "Smithsonian".

The Smithsonian Institution was founded for the "increase and diffusion" of knowledge by a bequest to the United States by the British scientist James Smithson (1765–1829), who had never visited the United States himself. In Smithson's will, he stated that should his nephew, Henry James Hungerford, die without heirs, the Smithson estate would go to the United States of America for creating an "Establishment for the increase & diffusion of Knowledge among men". After the nephew died without heirs in 1835, President Andrew Jackson informed Congress of the bequest, which amounted to 104,960 gold sovereigns, or USD 500,000 ($9,235,277 in 2005 U.S. dollars after inflation).

Eight years later, Congress passed an act establishing the Smithsonian Institution. It is administered and funded by the U.S. government, and by funds from its endowment, contributions, and profits from its shops and magazine.

The Smithsonian Institution Building on the National Mall is known as "The Castle", because its design looks similar to a European castle.

Though the Smithsonian's first leader (called "Secretary"), Joseph Henry, wanted the Institution to be a center for scientific research, before long it became the depository for various Washington and U.S. government collections. 

The voyage of the U.S. Navy went around the world between 1838 and 1842. The United States Exploring Expedition collected thousands of animal specimens, herbs, shells, minerals, tropical birds, jars of seawater and ethnographic specimens from the South Pacific. These specimens and artefacts became part of the Smithsonian collections. So did those collected by the military and civilian surveys in the American West.




In addition, there are many museums that are Smithsonian affiliates.


Battle of Leyte Gulf

The Battle of Leyte Gulf, was the biggest naval battle in modern history. The battle was part of World War II, and happened in the seas near the Philippines island of Leyte. It took place from 23 October to 26 October 1944, between the Allies and the Empire of Japan. The Allies started the battle to cut the way between Japan and its colonies in South East Asia. Japan took its oil for fuel from that area. The Japanese gathered all the ships they had left to fight the Allied troops. However, they failed and lost many ships and aircraft.

The battle was the last big naval fight of World War II. Without fuel, the Imperial Japanese Navy never again sailed to battle. Most of their ships returned to Japan, and were inactive for the rest of the war.

The first use of kamikaze aircraft was during this battle. A kamikaze hit the Australian flagship "HMAS Australia" on 21 October. Many other suicide attacks by the "Special Attack Force" began on 25 October, and did great damage to the Allied ships.


Ottoman dynasty

The Ottoman dynasty () (or the Imperial House of Osman) ruled the Ottoman Empire from 1299 to 1922. The dynasty began with Osman I, but it was not recognized until 1383 when Murad I declared himself sultan. The dynasty might have been known as Söğüt before 1383, but it was later renamed "Osmanli" (Ottoman in English) in honor of Osman I.

The sultan was the sole ruler of the empire. The power often shifted to other officials, such as the Grand Vizier.


(a) HIH Princess Hamide Nermin Nezahat Sultana [1923 - 1998] by Adile Hanimsultan, a granddaughter of Abdülhamid II.



Grand vizier

Grand Vizier, Sadr-ı Azam (Sadrazam) or Serdar-ı Ekrem (in Ottoman Turkish "صدر اعظم" or "وزیر اعظم"), was the most important minister of the Sultan. The Grand Vizier had absolute power of attorney and could only be removed by the Sultan. He held the imperial seal and he could gather all other viziers to attend meetings regarding state affairs. The title is derived originally from the Persian word "Vizier" (وزير). The title of Grand Vizier corresponds to that of a prime minister.


1446

Year 1446 was a common year starting on a Saturday.




List of Ottoman Grand Viziers

This is the list of Grand Viziers of the Ottoman Empire.


Köprülü family

The Köprülü family was an Ottoman noble family with origins from Albania. The family provided six Ottoman Grand Viziers. Several other family members became high-ranking Ottoman officers.

1283

1283 was a common year.



1287

1287 was a common year.



Ashley Tisdale

Ashley Michelle Tisdale (born July 2, 1985) is an American actress-singer and producer. She is known for co-starring in the movies "High School Musical", "High School Musical 2" and She played candy counter girl Maddie Fitzpatrick on the Disney Channel television series "The Suite Life of Zack & Cody. S"he also voiced Candace Flynn in the animated series "Phineas and Ferb".

She began singing and acting at an early age. Her first studio album was called "Headstrong." Some of her songs are """Be Good to Me"", ""Headstrong"", ""Not that Girl"" and ""Over It"". "Her second album was "Guilty Pleasure. "The songs on it include "It's Alright It's Ok", "Hot Mess", "Hair" and "Crank it up". 

Her sister Jennifer Tisdale is also an actress and model. Her parents are Mike Tisdale and Lisa Tisdale.



Angela Beesley Starling

Angela Beesley Starling (born on August 3, 1977) is a British web entrepreneur. She started as a volunteer editor at the English Wikipedia in February 2003. In June 2004, she was elected to the board of the Wikimedia Foundation and re-elected in July 2005. 

She worked with Jimmy Wales and started Wikia (Now known as Fandom) with him. She was the vice-president of Wikia but left the company in 2012.

She is married to Tim Starling.


Derby (horse race)

Derby is a type of race for horses. The race is named after Edward Smith-Stanley, 12th Earl of Derby. A Derby only allows a certain age of horse to race. Most Derbies in the United States and the United Kingdom require the horse be three years old to race. So if the horse misses the Kentucky Derby when he is three, he will not get another chance to race in it. Derbies in other countries sometimes require the horse to be four years old.


Reef

A reef is a rock, sandbar, or other feature below the water surface (less than 80 meters below low water).

The best-known reefs are the coral reefs in tropical waters. They are built by corals and calcareous algae. Artificial reefs such as shipwrecks are sometimes created to attract fish and other organisms.

Luba Goy

Luba Goy (born 8 November 1945 in Germany) is now a Canadian comedienne and a Canadian television star. She is of Ukrainian descent. She was probably best known as one of the stars of the Canadian comedy show "Royal Canadian Air Farce".

Tina Fey

Elizabeth Stamatina "Tina" Fey (; born May 18, 1970) is an American actress, comedienne, writer, and producer. She has received seven Emmy Awards, three Golden Globe Awards, four Screen Actors Guild Awards, and four Writers Guild of America Awards. She was called the performer who had the greatest impact on culture and entertainment in 2008 by the Associated Press. They gave her their AP Entertainer of the Year award.

Fey graduated from the University of Virginia in 1992. She then moved to Chicago to take classes at the improvisational comedy group The Second City. She became a featured player there in 1994. Three years later, Fey became a writer for the sketch comedy show "Saturday Night Live" ("SNL"). She was promoted to the position of head writer in 1999. The following year, Fey was added to the cast of "SNL". During her time there, she was co-anchor of the show's "Weekend Update". After leaving "SNL" in 2006, she created her own television series called "30 Rock". The show is a situation comedy somewhat based on her experiences at "SNL". In the show, Fey plays the head writer of a fictional sketch comedy series.

In 2004, Fey made her movie debut as writer and co-star of the teen comedy "Mean Girls". In 2008, she starred in the comedy movie "Baby Mama", with Amy Poehler. In 2009, Fey won an Emmy Award for her satirical portrayal of Republican vice presidential candidate Sarah Palin in a guest appearance on "SNL".

Fey was born in Upper Darby, Pennsylvania, a township just outside of Philadelphia. Her mother is Zenovia "Jeanne" (née Xenakes), a brokerage employee of Greek ancestry. Her father is Donald Fey, a university grant proposal-writer of German and Scottish ancestry. She has a brother, who is eight years older, named Peter.

Fey was exposed to comedy early. She recalls:
She also grew up watching "Second City Television" ("SCTV") and says Catherine O'Hara is one of her role models.

Fey attended Cardington Elementary School and Beverly Hills Middle School in Upper Darby. By middle school, she knew she was interested in comedy. She did an independent-study project on the subject in eighth grade. Fey attended Upper Darby High School. There she was an honor student, a member of the choir, drama club, and tennis team. She was also co-editor of the school's newspaper. After her graduation in 1988, Fey enrolled at the University of Virginia. She studied playwriting and acting there. She graduated in 1992 with a Bachelor of Arts degree in drama.

After graduating, Fey first had plans to do graduate work in drama at DePaul University in Chicago, Illinois. But "I just got this feeling like it wasn't going to work out ... [that] they were take my money and then cut me from the program." She moved to Chicago anyway, knowing about the improvisational comedy group, The Second City. She took night classes at Second City. She had a day job working at the front desk of a YMCA in Evanston to pay for her classes. Once her Second City training began, she became highly involved in the "cult of improvisation". She became, as she called it later, "like one of those athletes trying to get into the Olympics. It was all about blind focus. I was so sure that I was doing exactly what I'd been put on this earth to do, and I would have done anything to make it onto that stage. Not because of "SNL", but because I wanted to devote my life to improv. I would have been perfectly happy to stay at Second City forever."

In 1994, she joined the cast of The Second City. She performed eight shows a week, for two years. She was also in the revues "Citizen Gates" (1996) and "Paradigm Lost" (1997., She performed with Scott Adsit, Kevin Dorff, Rachel Dratch, Jenna Jolovitz, and Jim Zulevic. Improvisation became an important part of her understanding of what it means to be an actress, as she noted in an interview for "The Believer" in November 2003:
While in Chicago, Fey also made what she later called an "amateurish" try at stand-up comedy. She also performed at the ImprovOlympic theater.

While performing shows with the Second City in 1997, Fey sent several scripts to NBC's "Saturday Night Live" ("SNL"). She had been asked to send them by "SNL"'s head writer Adam McKay. McKay was a former performer at Second City. She was hired as a writer for "SNL" following a meeting with "SNL" creator Lorne Michaels. Fey moved to New York. She told "The New Yorker", "I’d had my eye on the show forever, the way other kids have their eye on Derek Jeter." At first, Fey "struggled" at "SNL". Her first sketch to air starred Chris Farley in a Sally Jessy Raphael satire. Fey went on to write a series of parodies. This included one of ABC's morning talk show "The View". She co-wrote the "Sully and Denise" sketches with Rachel Dratch, who plays one of the teens.

Fey played an extra in one of the episodes in 1998. After watching herself, she decided to diet. By dieting she lost 30 pounds. She told "The New York Times", "I was a completely normal weight. But I was here in New York City, I had money and I couldn't buy any clothes. After I lost weight, there was interest in putting me on camera." In 1999, McKay quit as head writer. Michaels asked Fey to replace McKay. She became "SNL"<nowiki>'</nowiki>s first female head writer. Fey does not make a big deal about this accomplishment because there have not been very many head writers.

In 2000, Fey began performing in sketches. She and Jimmy Fallon became co-anchors of "SNL's Weekend Update" segment. Fey admitted she did not ask to audition, but that Michaels asked her to do it. Michaels explained that there was "chemistry" (connection) between Fey and Fallon. Michaels, however, said that choosing Fey was "kind of risky" at the time. Her role in "Weekend Update" was well received by critics. Ken Tucker of "Entertainment Weekly" wrote: "...Fey delivers such blow darts – poison filled jokes written in long, precisely parsed sentences unprecedented in "Update" history – with such a bright, sunny countenance makes her all the more devilishly delightful." Dennis Miller, a former cast member of "SNL" and anchor of "Weekend Update", was pleased with Fey as one of the anchors for the segment: "...Fey might be the best "Weekend Update" anchor who ever did it. She writes the funniest jokes". Robert Bianco of "USA Today", however, commented that he was "not enamored" with the pairing.

In 2001, Fey and the writing staff won a Writers Guild of America Award for "SNL"<nowiki>'</nowiki>s 25th anniversary special. The following year at the 2002 Emmy Awards ceremony, she and the writing team won the Emmy for Outstanding Writing for a Variety, Music or Comedy Program.

The pairing of Fey and Fallon ended in May 2004. Fallon left the show at the end of that season. He was replaced by Amy Poehler. It was the first time that two women co-anchored "Weekend Update". Fey revealed that she "hired" Poehler as her co-host for the segment. The reception to the teaming of Fey and Poehler was positive. Rachel Sklar of the "Chicago Tribune" noting that the pairing "has been a hilarious, pitch-perfect success as they play off each other with quick one-liners and deadpan delivery".

The 2005-2006 season was Fey's last. After it she left to make "30 Rock".

In 2002, Fey suggested a pilot episode for a situation comedy about a cable news network to NBC, who rejected it. The pilot was written again to focus on an "SNL" style series. It was accepted by NBC. She signed a contract with NBC in May 2003. It allowed her to remain in her "SNL" head writer position at least through the 2004–2005 television season. As part of the contract, Fey was to develop a primetime project to be produced by Broadway Video and NBC Universal. She began developing the pilot project under the working title "Untitled Tina Fey Project". The pilot, directed by Adam Bernstein, centered on the head writer of a variety show and how she managed her relationships with the show's star and its executive producer. In October 2006, the pilot aired on NBC as "30 Rock". Although the episode received generally good reviews, it finished third in its timeslot.

The network gave the series a second season, which began in October 2007. The show's third season premiered on October 30, 2008. The premiere episode set records for the highest ratings of the series. In January 2009, NBC renewed "30 Rock" for the 2009–2010 season.

In 2007, Fey received an Emmy Award nomination for Outstanding Actress in a Comedy Series. The show itself won the 2007 Emmy for Outstanding Comedy Series. In 2008, she won the Golden Globe, Screen Actors Guild, and Emmy awards all in the category for Best Actress in a Comedy Series. The following year, Fey again won the Golden Globe and Screen Actors Guild Award in the same categories. She was also nominated for an Emmy Award. In early 2010, Fey received a Golden Globe nomination for Best Actress. She won the Screen Actors Guild Award for Best Lead Actress.

In September and October 2008 Fey was a guest on "SNL" to perform a series of parodies of Republican vice-presidential candidate Sarah Palin. On the 34th season premiere episode, aired September 13, 2008, Fey imitated Palin in a sketch, alongside Amy Poehler as Hillary Clinton. Their act included Clinton making fun of Palin about her "Tina Fey glasses". The sketch quickly became NBC.com's most-watched viral video ever. It had 5.7 million views by the following Wednesday. Fey acted in the role again on the October 4 show. She also acted as Palin on the October 18 show where she was joined by the real Sarah Palin. The October 18 show had the best ratings of any "SNL" show since 1994. The following year Fey won an Emmy in the category of Outstanding Guest Actress in a Comedy Series for her acting as Palin.

In December 2009, "Entertainment Weekly" put her impersonation on its end-of-the-decade, "best-of" list, writing, "Fey's freakishly spot-on "SNL" impersonation of the wannabe VP (and her ability to strike a balance between comedy and cruelty) made for truly transcendent television."

In 2000, Fey worked with fellow "SNL" cast member Rachel Dratch in the Off Broadway two-woman show "Dratch & Fey" at the Upright Citizens Brigade Theater in New York City. The show was well received by critics. Tim Townsend of "The Wall Street Journal" in review of "Dratch & Fey", wrote that the fun part of watching them perform was "seeing how comfortable they are with each other". He said that the show "isn't about two women being funny. [...] Dratch and Fey are just funny. Period." One of the "SNL" sketches, "Sully and Denise", originated at Second City in Chicago.

On August 13, 2007, Fey was a guest on the children's television series "Sesame Street", in the episode, "The Bookaneers". She appeared as a guest judge on the November 25, 2007 episode of the Food Network program "Iron Chef America". Fey has appeared in Disney's campaign "Year of a Million Dreams" as Tinker Bell, along with Mikhail Baryshnikov as Peter Pan and Gisele Bündchen as Wendy Darling. She has also done commercials for American Express credit card.

On February 23, 2008, Fey hosted the first episode of "SNL" after the 2007–2008 Writers Guild of America strike. For this appearance, she was nominated for an Emmy in the category of Individual Performance in a Variety or Music Program.

In 2002, Fey appeared in the comedy "Martin & Orloff". She made her debut as writer and co-star of the 2004 teen comedy "Mean Girls". Characters and behaviors in the movie are based on Fey's high school life at Upper Darby High School. It is also based on the non-fiction book "Queen Bees and Wannabes" by Rosalind Wiseman. The cast includes other past cast members of "SNL" including Tim Meadows, Ana Gasteyer, and Amy Poehler. The movie received favorable reviews. It was a box office success, grossing $129 million worldwide.
In a 2004 interview, Fey said that she would like to write and direct movies in which she has small parts. As of April 2006, Fey has been working on a movie script for Paramount Pictures, which will feature Sacha Baron Cohen, by the name of "Curly Oxide and Vic Thrill". It is based loosely on the true story of a Hasidic rock musician. In 2007, she was cast in the animated comedy movie "Aqua Teen Hunger Force Colon Movie Film for Theaters" as the teens' mother, a giant burrito.

Fey and former "SNL" castmate Amy Poehler starred in the 2008 comedy "Baby Mama". The movie was written and directed by Michael McCullers. The movie is about Kate (Fey), a business woman, who wants a child but, discovering she has only a million-to-one chance of getting pregnant, decides to find a surrogate: Angie (Poehler), a white-trash schemer. "Baby Mama" received mixed reviews, but many critics enjoyed Fey's performance. Todd McCarthy of "Variety" wrote: "Fey is a delight to watch throughout. Able to convey Kate's intentions and feelings through the simple looks and inflections, she never melodramatizes her situation; nor does her efficient, perfectionist side become overbearing." The movie grossed over $64 million at the box office.

Fey's projects after 2008 include her giving her voice to the character Lisa in the English language version of the Japanese animated movie "Ponyo on the Cliff by the Sea" (titled "Ponyo" for its U.S. release). In 2009, she appeared in "The Invention of Lying", alongside Ricky Gervais, Jennifer Garner, Rob Lowe, and Christopher Guest. Her next movie role was in Shawn Levy's comedy "Date Night". The movie focuses on a married couple, played by Fey and Steve Carell, who go on a date. However, the night goes wrong for the two. In addition, she has agreed to do voice work for the DreamWorks animated movie "MegaMind".

Fey was ranked in the Hot 100 List at number 80 on "Maxim" magazine in 2002. She was named one of "People" magazine's 50 Most Beautiful People in 2003. Fey was one of "People" magazine's 100 Most Beautiful People in 2007, 2008, and 2009. In 2007, she was included in "People"<nowiki>'</nowiki>s 100 Most Beautiful issue. Also in 2007, Fey placed seventh on the Hot 100 List on AfterEllen.com. She was on the list again the next year, too. However, in 2008 she was number one on the list.

In 2001, "Entertainment Weekly" named Fey as one of their Entertainers of the Year for her work on "Weekend Update". She again was named one of the magazine's Entertainers of the Year in 2007. She placed number two in 2008. In 2009, Fey was named as "Entertainment Weekly"<nowiki>'</nowiki>s fifth individual in their 15 Entertainers of the 2000s list. The newspaper editors and broadcast producers of the Associated Press voted Fey the AP Entertainer of the Year as the performer who had the greatest impact on culture and entertainment in 2008. They cited her impression of Sarah Palin on "SNL". She has appeared on the annual Celebrity 100 list by "Forbes" in 2008 and 2009 at No. 99 and No. 86.

In 2007, the "New York Post" included Fey in New York's 50 Most Powerful Women, ranking her at number 33. Fey was among the Time 100, a list of the 100 most influential people in the world, in 2007 and 2009, as selected annually by "Time" magazine. Fey's featured article for the 2009 list was written by "30 Rock" co-star, Alec Baldwin. She was selected by Barbara Walters as one of America's 10 Most Fascinating People of 2008.

Fey is married to Jeff Richmond. Richmond was a composer on "30 Rock". They met at Chicago's Second City. The two dated for seven years before marrying in a Greek Orthodox ceremony on June 3, 2001. They have a daughter, Alice Zenobia Richmond, who was born on September 10, 2005, while Fey was still working at "SNL". Fey returned to the show on October 22, saying "I had to get back to work. NBC has me under contract; the baby and I have only a verbal agreement." In April 2009, Fey and Richmond bought a $3.4 million apartment in the Upper West Side in New York City.

Fey has a scar a few inches long on the left side of her chin and cheek. Fey was quoted in the November 25, 2001, "New York Times" article as saying about it: "It's a childhood injury that was kind of grim. And it kind of bums my parents out for me to talk about it". But in an interview with Fey and Richmond in the January 2009 issue of "Vanity Fair", Richmond said the scar comes from a slashing incident, which happened when she was five. Richmond said: "It was in, like, the front yard of her house, and somebody just came up, and she just thought somebody marked her with a pen." She has said she was unsure about talking about it because "It's impossible to talk about it without somehow seemingly exploiting it." Fey shows her right (non-scar) side of her face more often when acting as her character Liz Lemon.

Her charity work includes support of Autism Speaks. It is a group that sponsors autism research. It hosts awareness and outreach activities aimed at families, governments, and the public. At the 64th Golden Globe Awards, Fey wore a blue puzzle piece to raise awareness for the organization. In April 2008, she participated in Night of Too Many Stars, a comedy show benefit for autism education.

Fey is also a supporter of Mercy Corps, a global relief and development organization, in their campaign to end world hunger. Fey narrated a video for Mercy Corps's Action Center in New York City, describing hunger as a symptom of many wider world problems. She also supports the Love Our Children USA organization, which fights violence against children. They named her among their Mothers Who Make a Difference in 2009. She was the 2009 national spokesperson for the Light The Night Walk, which benefits the Leukemia & Lymphoma Society.

The following awards are put under the year they were announced. They are not necessarily the year covered by the award ceremony.



Ashley Leggat

Ashley Margaret Anne Leggat (born September 26, 1986) is a Canadian actress who is known for her roles as "Casey MacDonald" in the Canadian series "Life with Derek". She is close friends with her television co-star Michael Seater. She has four older brothers. She is also a supporter of anti-bullying along with Michael Seater.

Murder of Jessica Lunsford

Jessica Marie Lunsford (October 6, 1995 – February 27, 2005) was an American nine-year-old girl who was abducted from her home in Homosassa, Florida on February 24, 2005, then raped and murdered by 46-year-old John Couey, a known sex offender.

The media covered the investigation and trial of her killer extensively. On August 24, 2007, a judge in Inverness, Florida sentenced Couey, a convicted sex offender, to death for kidnapping, raping and murdering her. On September 30, 2009, before the sentences could be carried out, Couey died of natural causes.

Lunsford's murder influenced the legislation in Florida known as ""Jessica's Law"". It is designed to protect potential victims and reduce a sexual offender's ability to re-offend. It has influenced legislation in forty-two other states. 

Puncak Jaya

Puncak Jaya is a mountain in New Guinea. It the highest mountain in Oceania. It is also called the Carstensz Pyramid.

The mountain was first named the Carstensz Pyramid, after Jan Carstenszoon. He was a Dutch explorer who saw the glaciers on it in 1623. Then in 1963 the name was changed to Sukarno Peak by Indonesia, and then later to Puncak Jaya.

Puncak Jaya is thought of by some as the hardest to climb of the Seven Summits. The first people to reach the top were Heinrich Harrer, Philip Temple, Russell Kippax, and Albertus Huizenga, in 1962. An earlier group were first thought to reach the top in 1936. However, at the time it was not known which summit was the highest. They were able to climb two peaks but not what is now known to be the highest one.

Raviv Ullman

Raviv "Ricky" Ullman (, born on January 24, 1986 in Eilat) is an Israeli-American actor. He played Phil Diffy in the Disney Channel show "Phil of the Future".

He was born in Israel to American parents, Laura and Brain Ullman. After his first birthday his family moved to Connecticut. When he went to camp he played Peter Pan in a show. This made him discover his talent in acting, singing, and dancing.

He eventually taught himself how to play the drums. He graduated from Fairfield Warde High School. Now he lives in South Carolina.

Homosassa, Florida

Homosassa is a census-designated place (CDP) in Citrus County, Florida, United States. The population was 2,299 at the 2020 census.

Jaws (movie)

Jaws is a 1975 American thriller movie directed by Steven Spielberg. It is based on the novel "Jaws" by Peter Benchley.

The events of the movie are set in the small, quiet, fictional seaside resort of Amity, Massachusetts. The movie follows three men as they try to capture and kill a great white shark that is threatening the town on Independence Day. The movie follows Martin Brody, the slightly unheroic local sheriff who must decide whether to follow his instinct to shut the beach for safety reasons or keep the beach open to help the local tourist economy. Matt Hooper, a marine biologist, and Quint, the local shark hunter, help Brody to overcome his fears of the water and stop the great white shark attacks. It has three sequels: "Jaws 2", "Jaws 3", and "".

"Jaws" won three Academy Awards for Best Film Editing, Best Original Dramatic Score, and Best Sound. It was also nominated for Best Picture, losing to "One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest". Along with the Oscar, John Williams's score won the Grammy Award, the BAFTA Award for Best Film Music, and the Golden Globe Award. To her Academy Award, Verna Fields added the American Cinema Editors' Eddie Award for Best Edited Feature Film.

"Jaws" was chosen Favorite Movie at the People's Choice Awards. It was also nominated for best Film, Director, Actor (Richard Dreyfuss), Editing, Screenplay and Sound at the 29th British Academy Film Awards, and Best Film—Drama, Director, and Screenplay at the 33rd Golden Globe Awards. Spielberg was nominated by the Directors Guild of America for a DGA Award. The Writers Guild of America nominated Peter Benchley and Carl Gottlieb's script for Best Adapted Drama.

In 2001, the United States Library of Congress selected it for the National Film Registry. In 2006, its screenplay was ranked the 63rd best of all time by the Writers Guild of America.


Nostalgia

Nostalgia is an emotion. It is the feeling of enjoying events from the past. People with nostalgia will often look at or use old things that they were familiar with years ago. This is because people feel more connected to those past times that they enjoyed, usually because it reminds them of how long it has been since they last connected to such past times. Examples where people may have the feeling of nostalgia includes watching old TV shows, using old technology that was very enjoyable, and playing with toys that you played with as a child. These memories are usually misleading, and can make someone wish that they could be young again, even if their childhood was mediocre. Human brains often leave out boring or bad memories, which can cause incorrect feelings about their childhood.

During the early Greek times, nostalgia was treated as a mental condition primarily based on extreme homesickness. In modern times, however, nostalgia is treated as a separate emotion. Nostalgia is often associated with positive feelings, often associated with positive memories of the past. The feeling of nostalgia often helps improve the mood of the person who is experiencing nostalgia. It also makes the person feel more connected to society. It can make the person feel more aware about living life to the best. Nostalgia is also shown to help reinforce memories, as well as assist with learning.

Animals, such as cats and dogs, can also feel nostalgia.


Alcazar (band)

Alcazar is a Swedish pop group who had a string of hit singles during the early 2000s decade and are continuing successfully today.

Alcazar have taken part in the "Melodifestivalen", the competition that selects Sweden's entry in the Eurovision Song Contest three imes. In 2003 "Not A Sinner, Nor A Saint" came third overall. But it became the biggest hit of all the songs in Melodifestivalen 2003 and won the National Finals Song Contest. It became Alcazar's first #1 single in Sweden and did sell gold. In 2005 "Alcastar" failed to qualify for the final automatically, but eventually made it through after a second chance semi-final. However, the group again had to settle for third in the final, which was won by Martin Stenmarck's song "Las Vegas". But the song became a hit and only needed three days in stores to became Alcazar's second #1 single in Sweden. In 2009 their "Stay the night" came fourth in TV-voting and fifth overall. 

Julie Andrews

Dame Julie Andrews (born Julia Elizabeth Wells; 1 October 1935) is a British actress, dancer, singer and writer. She was born in Walton-on-Thames, Surrey. Andrews was a child actress and singer. She appeared on the West End in 1948. She made her Broadway debut in "The Boy Friend" in 1954. She starred in the stage musicals "My Fair Lady" and "Camelot" with real success. In 1957, she appeared on television in the musical "Cinderella". She has also been author to two of her own memoirs.

Andrews made her movie debut in "Mary Poppins" in 1964. She won the Academy Award for Best Actress for this performance. She appeared in "The Sound of Music" in 1965. Between 1964 and 1967, Andrews appeared in "The Americanization of Emily", "Hawaii", "Torn Curtain", and "Thoroughly Modern Millie". In the 1970s, Andrews had a few commercial disappointments before appearing successfully in "10" (1979) and "Victor/Victoria" (1982). Her career sagged in the 1990s. Her voice was damaged by a throat operation in 1997.

Andrews appeared successfully in dramatic roles in "The Princess Diaries" in 2001, and its sequel "The Princess Diaries 2: Royal Engagement" in 2004. She had voice roles in the "Shrek" animated movies. In 2003 and again in 2005, Andrews directed revivals of her first Broadway hit, "The Boy Friend", in New York and Connecticut. Andrews has also written children's books. In 2008, she published her autobiography, "Home: A Memoir of My Early Years". Andrews has received many awards during her career including an Academy Award, Emmy Award, Golden Globe Award, Grammy Award, BAFTA, People's Choice Award, Theatre World Award, and Screen Actors Guild honors. In 2000, she was made a Dame Commander of the Order of the British Empire (DBE) by Elizabeth II for services to the performing arts.


Mount

Mount has three main meanings. 

"Mount" is often used to mean "mountain", as part of a name e.g. Mount Vesuvius, Mount McKinley, Mount Everest. 

To "mount" something means to put it onto something else. 


A "mount" is a thing for mounting something on. 

It might be a piece of equipment such as: 

It might be a piece of stiff flat "backing" such as: 

It might be an animal: 


Odoacer

Odoacer (Flavius Odoacrus/Odovacar/Odowaker/Odoacer; b. 431, † probably March 15, 493 in Ravenna) was a soldier in the army of the West Roman Empire of Germanic descent. When he forced the last Western Roman Emperor Romulus Augustus to quit his throne in 476, he became King of Italy. That event is considered the end of Ancient history and the beginning of the Middle Ages by historians. After a rule of 17 years, Odoacer would be killed by the Ostrogothic king Theodoric the Great at the age of 62 in 493. 

Alexios I Komnenos

Alexios I Komnenos or Alexius I Comnenus (; ; 1048 – August 15, 1118), Byzantine emperor (1081–1118), was the son of John Komnenos and Anna Dalassena. He was the nephew of Isaac I Komnenos (emperor 1057–1059). The military, financial and territorial recovery of the Byzantine Empire known as Komnenian restoration began in his time.

Slayer

Slayer is an American thrash metal band that began in California in 1981. The band was started guitarists Jeff Hanneman and Kerry King, as well as drummer Dave Lombardo and bassist/singer Tom Araya. Slayer is one of the "Big Four" of thrash metal music, along with Metallica, Anthrax and Megadeth.

Slayer's music has a fast and angry heavy metal style. The words to the band's songs are about murderers, Satan, religion, racism and war. Singing about these things gave the band a lot of controversy. Their music has inspired many other bands. Their third album, "Reign in Blood", has been called one of the heaviest thrash metal albums.

Slayer has released ten studio albums, two live albums and a box-set. Four of the band's albums have been certified gold by the RIAA. The band has been the top band at many large music festivals around the world and their music has been added to many video games.





Megadeth

Megadeth is a heavy metal band from the United States. Dave Mustaine started the band in 1983 after Metallica fired him. Megadeth is a member of the "Big Four" in thrash metal along with Metallica, Slayer and Anthrax. 

Megadeth is one of the bands that have made thrash metal. They have released 15 albums of music. The band's music is complex. It has a fast tempo and difficult guitar solos.

In 1985, Megadeth made its first album. It was named "Killing is My Business... and Business is Good!." Combat Records (a record label) released the album. After the album came out, larger record labels noticed Megadeth. The band joined Capitol Records. Their first album with Capitol Records, "Peace Sells... but Who's Buying?", was released in 1986. In the 1980s, many members of Megadeth were addicted to drugs. Band members also had problems with each other. Because of this, they had bad publicity. The band has released many popular albums, such as "So Far, So Good... So What!" (1988), "Rust in Peace" (1990), and "Countdown to Extinction" (1992). 

Megadeth has had many different guitarists, drummers, and bassists. Mustaine is the only member of the original group who is still in the band. The band broke up in 2002 when Mustaine hurt his arm. They got back together in 2004. Megadeth's current members are guitarist and singer Dave Mustaine, guitarist Kiko Loureiro, drummer Dirk Verbeuren and bassist James LoMenzo.

On April 11, 1983, Metallica fired Dave Mustaine before they released their first album, "Kill 'Em All". This was because he was addicted to drugs. He also had problems with James Hetfield and Lars Ulrich. Mustaine was one of the first members of Metallica. He made some of the band's first songs. After he was fired, Mustaine wanted to make a band that had faster, better music than Metallica. While he was riding a bus to Los Angeles, Mustaine read an advertisement by Senator Alan Cranston that had the word "megadeath" in it. He liked the word, and wrote a song named "Megadeth".

When he got to Los Angeles, Mustaine wanted to make a band. He looked for musicians for it. Bassist David Ellefson and guitarist Greg Handevidt joined the band. He named the band Fallen Angels. He changed the name to Megadeth later.

Handevidt only stayed in the band for a few months. Mustaine and Ellefson worked well together. Mustaine had trouble finding other people to join Megadeth. Many drummers auditioned to join the band during this time. The band wanted a drummer they could work well with. Lee Rausch joined the band to play the drums. For six months, they tried to find someone that wanted to be the band's singer. Mustaine became the singer so they could start making music. A few singers were in Megadeth before this. None of them stayed in the band.

In 1984, Megadeth made three songs. The songs were put in a demo named "Last Rites." The demo was released on March 9, 1984. It had songs such as "Last Rites/Loved to Death" and "Mechanix". These were later on the band's first album. 

Megadeth could not find a second guitarist that worked well with the band. Kerry King from Slayer played guitar for some of the band's concerts in San Francisco in early 1984. After the concerts, King went back to playing with Slayer. Megadeth replaced Lee Rausch with jazz drummer Gar Samuelson in October 1984. Before joining Megadeth, Samuelson was in a jazz band with a guitarist named Chris Poland. Poland watched Samuelson playing with Megadeth and told Mustaine he wanted to play with the band as well. He joined Megadeth in December 1984.

Megadeth joined Combat Records after they offered to give the band a lot of money to record music and play at concerts. In 1985, Combat Records gave Megadeth $8,000 to make their first album. The band spent half of it on food, drugs, and alcohol. They fired the producer they were given, and made the album.

"Killing Is My Business... and Business Is Good!" was released in 1985. Many people who listened to metal liked the album. Bigger record labels noticed Megadeth because the album sold a lot of copies. Vic Rattlehead, the band's mascot, was on the front cover of the album. This was the first time he was shown. Music writer Joel McIver, who liked "Killing is My Business", said the album put pressure on other bands. It "raised the bar for the whole thrash metal scene".

In the middle of 1985, Megadeth went on their first North American tour. It was named the "Killing for a Living Tour". Guitarist Mike Albert replaced Chris Poland for the tour because Poland was using drugs. Albert was going to keep playing guitar with Megadeth, but Poland came back to the band in October 1985.

Megadeth wanted to make another good album. Mustaine started writing music for a new one. Other members of the band gave him ideas for songs.

The album was made with $25,000 given to the band by Combat Records. Megadeth wanted more money, so they left Combat and joined Capitol Records. Capitol bought the rights to sell the album and hired producer Paul Lani to make the band's recordings sound better. "Peace Sells... but Who's Buying?" was released in late 1986. It had better lyrics and recording quality than "Killing is my Business". The album had lyrics about social issues. People liked the album's music and lyrics. Megadeth became more popular.

In March 1987, Megadeth started its first world tour in the United Kingdom. The tour had other bands, such as Overkill and Necros, and went to the United States. During the tour, Mustaine and Ellefson wanted to fire Samuelson because of his cocaine addiction. Drummer Chuck Behler played with Megadeth for the last few weeks of the tour. This was because band members thought Samuelson was not going to be able to play for the rest of it. Mustaine and Poland had arguments because Mustaine thought Poland was selling the band's supplies to buy heroin. Samuelson and Poland left Megadeth in 1987 for these reasons. Chuck Behler became the band's new drummer. Poland was replaced by guitarist Jeff Young.

Capitol Records gave Megadeth a large amount of money to make more music. The band started making an album named "So Far, So Good... So What!." It took almost half a year to record. There were many problems while making the album, such as Mustaine's drug addiction. Mustaine had arguments with the album's producer, Paul Lani. This was because Lani wanted Behler to record his drums and his cymbals at different times. Mustaine and Lani did not talk to each other when the album was being mixed. Michael Wagener replaced Lani. He mixed the album differently.

"So Far, So Good... So What!" was released in January 1988. Critics and people who listened to thrash metal liked the album. The album had a cover version of "Anarchy in the U.K." by the Sex Pistols. The cover had different lyrics than the original. Mustaine later said he heard the song's lyrics wrong when he was making it. After the album came out, Megadeth went on a world tour that lasted almost eight months. After, they had a North American tour with Warlock and Sanctuary and a European tour with other thrash metal bands.

In August 1988, Megadeth was at the Monsters of Rock festival in the United Kingdom. They played music for over 100,000 people there. For one show, Metallica drummer Lars Ulrich played with the band. Megadeth went on the Monsters of Rock European concert tour. They stopped playing after the first concert because of Ellefson's drug addiction. Ellefson was treated for his issues, and Testament replaced Megadeth for the rest of the tour.

After the band played at Monsters of Rock, Mustaine fired Behler and Young. He also canceled the band's Australian tour. Mustaine later said he did it because he thought "a lot of us were inconsistent because of [drugs]". During Monsters of Rock, Mustaine saw Behler using drugs. He had drummer Nick Menza help Behler as a roadie (someone who helps a band with technical work). Menza replaced Behler in 1989. Young was fired because Mustaine thought he was having an affair with his girlfriend. Young said this was not true.

The band could not find someone to replace Young quickly. 1989 was the first year since Megadeth was made that the band did not play at a concert. The band made a cover version of Alice Cooper's "No More Mr. Nice Guy". It was put on the soundtrack for Wes Craven's movie "Shocker". In March 1989, Mustaine crashed into a police officer's car. He was arrested for driving under the influence and having illegal drugs. He got treatment for his drug addiction. He was drug-free for the first time in ten years.

Megadeth tried to get someone to play the guitar for the band. Slash from Guns N' Roses had been playing with Mustaine and Ellefson. They thought he was going to join Megadeth. However, he stayed with Guns N' Roses. The band asked Dimebag Darrell from Pantera to join the band. He did not. This was because Mustaine did not let Darrell's brother, Vinnie Paul, play drums for the band. The band asked guitarist Criss Oliva to join. Oliva did not want to leave Savatage, so he did not join.

Marty Friedman joined Megadeth. He was the new main guitarist for the band. Mustaine let Friedman join after listening to his music. Mustaine and Ellefson liked how Friedman played guitar. They thought he could play the type of music Megadeth wanted to make. The band started recording music in March 1990 to make "Rust in Peace". Mike Clink was the co-producer of the album. He was the first producer to make a full Megadeth album without being fired.

"Rust in Peace" was released in September 1990. It went to number 23 on the "Billboard" 200 music chart. It also went to number 8 in the United Kingdom. The songs on the album had longer guitar solos. Mustaine wrote the album's lyrics in a more complex way. The album made the band more important in rock and metal music. "Rust in Peace" had two singles: "Holy Wars... the Punishment Due" and "Hangar 18". These singles had music videos. They became songs that Megadeth played at every concert. "Rust in Peace" was nominated for a Grammy Award for Best Metal Performance in 1991. It did not win the award.

In early 1990, Megadeth went on the Clash of the Titans tour in Europe with Slayer, Testament, Suicidal Tendencies, and many other American thrash metal bands. An American tour happened in 1991, with Slayer, Anthrax, and Alice in Chains. Clash of the Titans was one of the most successful heavy metal concert tours. Megadeth played with Judas Priest during Priest's North American concert tour for "Painkiller" in late 1990. In July 1991, the band made the song "Go to Hell". It was put in the soundtrack for the movie "Bill & Ted's Bogus Journey".

Every member of the band helped write songs for their fifth studio album. They wrote at two different times: first, after the Clash of the Titans tour; second, in late 1991, after a one-month break. Megadeth started recording the album in January 1992, at Enterprise Studios in Burbank, California. Max Norman, who mixed the music on "Rust in Peace", produced the album. Megadeth took almost four months to make the band's best-selling album, "Countdown to Extinction". 

The album came out in July 1992 at number 2 on the United States music charts. It was nominated for a Grammy Award in 1993 but did not win. Ellefson was disappointed that Megadeth did not win the Grammy. He said that "the amount of work it had taken to ramp up to that hopeful night was literally gone in a second".

A world tour for the album with Pantera and White Zombie started in late 1992. The tour came to North America in early 1993, where Stone Temple Pilots played as well. One month into the North American part of the tour, the rest of the concerts were cancelled because Mustaine was abusing drugs again. He went to the hospital. After seven weeks of getting help for his drug addiction, Mustaine came back to Megadeth. The band made the song "Angry Again". It was nominated for a Grammy Award in 1994. The song was put on the soundtrack for the 1993 movie "Last Action Hero".

In the middle of 1993, Megadeth and Metallica played music at many concerts in Europe. In July, Megadeth started touring with Aerosmith, but they stopped after three shows. After their cancelled North American tour, Megadeth made "99 Ways to Die", a song that was on the album "The" "Beavis and Butt-Head Experience". The song was nominated for a Grammy Award in 1995.

In early 1994, Megadeth hired producer Max Norman to help make another album. Because three of the band's members lived in Arizona, Megadeth started working on the album at Phase Four Studios, a music studio in Phoenix. After the band worked on the album for a few days, they had problems with the studio's equipment. The band looked for another place to record. Mustaine wanted to record the album in Arizona, but the band could not find anywhere else in the state to do it. The band decided to build a studio in a warehouse, naming it "Fat Planet in Hangar 18". They started recording "Youthanasia" in this studio. The songs on "Youthanasia" had a slower tempo than Megadeth's other songs. The band focused on making music that more people liked, and could easily be played on the radio.

"Youthanasia" was released after eight months of work. It was released in November 1994. It came out at number four in the United States and made the top music charts in many European countries. To get more people to listen to the album, Megadeth did a concert in New York City on Halloween. It was named "Night of the Living Megadeth". It was shown on MTV. In November, the band played on the "Late Show with David Letterman" two times.

Megadeth started an eleven-month concert tour in South America in late 1994. In 1995, the band played in Europe and North America with many bands, such as Korn, Fear Factory and Corrosion of Conformity. The concert tour ended with the band playing at the Monsters of Rock festival in Brazil with Alice Cooper and Ozzy Osbourne. In July, Megadeth put out "Hidden Treasures", an extended play with songs they made that were on movie soundtracks and non-Megadeth albums.

After finishing "Youthanasia"'s long world tour, Megadeth took a break for most of 1996. It was the second time they did not play at any concerts for an entire year. During the break, Mustaine started playing with MD.45, a different band he made with singer Lee Ving. The two hired Jimmy DeGrasso, a drummer who played with Alice Cooper during the 1995 Monsters of Rock festival. Marty Friedman built a recording studio in his house in Phoenix, Arizona. He released an album in April 1996.

In September 1996, Megadeth went to London to make songs for a new album. The songwriting work was closely watched by Bud Prager, Megadeth's new manager. Prager gave the band many ideas for songs and lyrics. Many song titles and lyrics were changed because of him. They recorded the album in Nashville with producer Dann Huff. Huff had met Mustaine in 1990.

"Cryptic Writings" was released in June 1997. Its main single, "Trust", was nominated for a Grammy Award in 1998. All four singles from the album went into the top 20 on "Billboard"'s Mainstream Rock Tracks chart. "Cryptic Writings" had mixed (good and bad) reviews from critics. The album had songs that were very different from each other. The "Los Angeles Times" wrote that the album was a "balance" between metal and experimental music. Mustaine said that the album had three parts. The first was angrier, faster metal, the next one was radio-friendly rock "like "Youthanasia"", and the last one was happier.

Megadeth went back to playing live in June 1997. They started a world tour with the Misfits. They also played in North America with Life of Agony and Coal Chamber. In 1998, the band played at Ozzfest. Menza found a tumor on his knee in the middle of the tour. He left to get surgery for it. Jimmy DeGrasso replaced him for the rest of the tour. DeGrasso joined the band after the tour. The band made Menza leave. Mustaine later said he thought Menza was lying about having cancer.

Megadeth worked with Dann Huff again for their eighth album. The band started writing songs for it in January 1999. Prager helped write five of the album's twelve songs. Prager got Mustaine to give Huff more control over how the album was recorded.

"Risk" was released in August 1999. It did not sell very well. Many fans thought it was a failure. While the albums Megadeth put out before it had rock and metal music, "Risk" did not have any thrash metal on it. Many people did not like this.

On July 14, 1999, Gar Samuelson died of liver failure in Orange City, Florida. Samuelson used to be the drummer of the band. He was 41 years old. When Megadeth was at Woodstock eleven days later, they played "Peace Sells" for Samuelson. The band started a world tour in September. They played with Iron Maiden in Europe. Three months into the tour, guitarist Marty Friedman left the band. Mustaine said that it was because he told Friedman that Megadeth should play more heavy metal music.

In 2000, Al Pitrelli from Savatage replaced Friedman. Megadeth started working on their ninth album in April. After a month, the band played on a concert tour with Anthrax and Mötley Crüe. Megadeth stopped working on the album to go on tour.

Megadeth left Capitol Records in July 2000. They were a member of the record label for 15 years. Mustaine said the band left because they were having problems with Capitol's managers. Capitol released a compilation album named "." In November, Megadeth joined Sanctuary Records. The band went back to working on its new album, "The World Needs a Hero". Mustaine fired Bud Prager. He produced the album by himself. He did this because he knew people did not like "Risk", which was an album Prager worked on.

"The World Needs a Hero" was released in May 2001. It was banned in Malaysia because the country's government did not like the album's artwork. Because of this, the band cancelled a concert they were going to play in Kuala Lumpur. The album had more metal music. It was heavier than "Cryptic Writings" and "Risk".

In January 2002, Mustaine went to the hospital because he needed to get a kidney stone removed. After the surgery, he was given medicine to stop his pain, which made him addicted to drugs again. After leaving the hospital, Mustaine went to a treatment place in Texas to fix his drug addiction. He fell asleep with his left arm on the back of a chair. This hurt a nerve in his arm very badly. He could not control his left hand very well.

In April, Megadeth broke up because Mustaine could not play the guitar with his injury. For the next four months, he did physical therapy to heal his arm. To stay with Sanctuary Records, Megadeth released a compilation album named "Still, Alive... and Well?." The first half of the album has songs recorded from one of the band's concerts. The second half is songs from "The World Needs a Hero".

After a year of rest and therapy, Mustaine started making an album by himself. Later, he stopped working on it so he could remaster the eight albums Megadeth made with Capitol Records.

In May 2004, Mustaine started working on his solo album again. EMI, the band's European record label, said that the album had to be released by Megadeth. Mustaine wanted to get the band back together to release the album. He talked to Nick Menza, Marty Friedman, and David Ellefson about it. Nick Menza wanted to join Megadeth again, but Friedman and Ellefson did not. Menza did not stay with the band for a long time. Mustaine said Menza was not ready for a tour, and "it just didn't work out". "The System Has Failed" was going to be the band's first album without Ellefson. Chris Poland, who played guitar on Megadeth's first two albums, was hired to make guitar solos. This was the first time Poland and Mustaine worked together since the 1980s. Poland did not join the band because he wanted to work on his jazz project named OHM.

"The System Has Failed" came out in September 2004. Critics liked it. They thought it sounded similar to the original Megadeth albums. Mustaine said that it was going to be the band's last album. He also said Megadeth was starting their last concert tour. Mustaine said that after the tour, he wanted to work on his own music.

Megadeth started their tour in October. They hired bassist James MacDonough and guitarist Glen Drover. Menza was replaced by Shawn Drover, who stayed with the band. The band toured the United States and Europe with other metal bands. The tour went very well. It made a lot of money. When the band was playing at a festival in Argentina, Mustaine said that the band was going to keep making music.

In February 2006, James MacDonough left the band because of "personal differences". Bassist James LoMenzo replaced him. In March, Capitol Records made a DVD named "Arsenal of Megadeth." It had many of the band's music videos, interviews, and live concerts on it. The band went on tour in 2006. They went to North America and Australia with many other metal bands.

In May 2006, Megadeth said that their eleventh album, "United Abominations", was almost done. It was supposed to be put out in October, but its release was delayed until May 2007. Mustaine said that the band was "putting the finishing touches on it". "United Abominations" was Megadeth's first album with James LoMenzo, Glen Drover, and Shawn Drover.

"United Abominations" came out at number eight on the "Billboard" 200. It sold 54,000 copies in the first week. In March, Megadeth joined Heaven & Hell on a North American tour. They also played in Europe in the summer and went on another tour in the United States.

In January 2008, Glen Drover left Megadeth. He was tired of going on tours. He wanted to be with his family more. He also had problems with the other members of the band. Guitarist Chris Broderick replaced Drover. Mustaine said Broderick was "the best guitarist Megadeth has ever had".

In May 2009, Megadeth made their twelfth album, "Endgame". Megadeth started a tour for the album in October. The tour ended in December. In January 2010, the band was supposed to go on tour with Slayer and Testament, but the tour was cancelled. This was because Slayer bassist Tom Araya needed back surgery. A single from "Endgame", "Head Crusher", was nominated for a Grammy Award in 2010.

In March, Megadeth started a tour for "Rust in Peace". This was because the album was 20 years old. During the tour, the band played the whole album live at every concert. James LoMenzo left the band before the tour. David Ellefson, the band's original bassist, replaced him.

In September, the band made the song "Sudden Death". It was on the video game "Guitar Hero: Warriors of Rock". It was nominated for a Grammy Award in 2011.

Megadeth went to the studio they built in Arizona to make their next album. It was produced by John Karkazis. This was because the person who had produced "United Abominations" and "Endgame" was busy. The album was named "Thirteen." They put a few songs they had already made onto the album, such as "Sudden Death" and "Never Dead". The album came out in November 2011. It went to number eleven on the "Billboard" 200. One of its singles, "Public Enemy No. 1", was nominated for a Grammy Award. It did not win.

In September 2012, Megadeth said they were going to put out a remastered version of "Countdown to Extinction" because the album was 20 years old. The band started a tour for "Countdown." They played the entire album at every concert. Another song from "Thirteen", "Whose Life (Is It Anyways?)", was nominated for a Grammy Award in 2013.

In August, Megadeth started working on their fourteenth album. Megadeth left Roadrunner Records at the start of 2013. They joined Mustaine's new record label named Tradecraft. In June, Megadeth released "Super Collider". Many critics did not like this album. Shortly after "Super Collider" came out, Mustaine said he was already thinking about making another Megadeth album.

In November 2014, Drover left the band because he wanted to play his own music. Broderick left the band for the same reason. Ellefson said that Megadeth would not break up again. He said that he and Mustaine would still make new music.

Mustaine tried to get the band members that made "Rust in Peace" to join Megadeth again, but he failed. Instead, he hired drummer Chris Adler (who was a part of Lamb of God) and guitarist Kiko Loureiro. The band started working on a new album. The album was named "Dystopia." It was released in January 2016. The band went on tour for the album in February and March. They played with bands such as Suicidal Tendencies and Children of Bodom. Adler was taken out of the band because he was having trouble being in both Megadeth and Lamb of God. He was replaced by Dirk Verbeuren from Soilwork. Another American tour happened from September to October. Nick Menza, who used to play the drums for the band, died of a heart attack on May 21, 2016.

The song "Dystopia" won a Grammy Award for Best Metal Performance in 2017. This was the band's first time winning a Grammy. Before this, they were nominated for Grammys twelve times. Mustaine, Ellefson, Loureiro, and Verbeuren went to the awards show.

In 2018, Megadeth made a remaster of their first album, "Killing is My Business... and Business is Good!". They made it because the band was 35 years old. The remaster was named "Killing is My Business... and Business is Good!- The Final Kill".

In May 2019, Megadeth went to Tennessee to start working on their next album. They hired Chris Rakestraw to help produce it. Rakestraw was also the producer for "Dystopia". On June 17, the band stated that the concerts they planned to play at would be cancelled. This was because a doctor told Mustaine he had throat cancer. Even with Mustaine's condition, the band said they would keep making the new album.

Megadeth was supposed to go on tour in the summer of 2020 with Trivium and In Flames. The tour was moved to a later date because of the COVID-19 pandemic. The tour happened in the summer of 2021. Hatebreed replaced In Flames for it. In mid-2020, Megadeth went back to making their album. They wanted to release it in 2021.

While talking to fans on Zoom, Mustaine said that the band's sixteenth album was going to be named "The Sick, the Dying... and the Dead!." He said that the name of it could change later. In May 2021, sexual videos of Ellefson were put on the internet. He was fired from the band later that month. Mustaine said that Ellefson could never join the band again.

In June, Mustaine said that the bass guitar recordings Ellefson made would not be on the new album. A different bassist was going to make new recordings. Mustaine did not say who this bassist was. When the band went on tour before the album came out, James LoMenzo played with them. LoMenzo was a bass guitar player for the band. Mustaine later said that Steve Di Giorgio, the bassist for Testament, played the bass on "The Sick, the Dying... and the Dead!". On May 31, 2022, Megadeth said that LoMenzo was rejoining the band.

In September 2022, Megadeth released "The Sick, the Dying... and the Dead!". Before it came out, the band put out three singles during the summer. They were named "We'll Be Back", "Night Stalkers", and "Soldier On!". "We'll Be Back" was nominated for a Grammy Award.

Megadeth is one of the few American thrash metal bands from the 1980s to be successful. Megadeth is thought of as one of the "Big Four" of thrash metal, along with Metallica, Anthrax, and Slayer. These bands were important because they made thrash metal much more popular. "Loudwire" ranked Megadeth the third-best thrash metal band of all time, behind Slayer and Metallica. "Billboard" said that "Peace Sells... but Who's Buying?" is a "landmark of the thrash movement". They thought that what the album was about is still important now.

Many people think Megadeth is one of the most influential bands from the 1980s. The band's music inspired other bands to make more types of metal, such as death metal and extreme metal. Megadeth sold 9.1 million albums in the United States between 1991 and 2014.

Current members



Bonnaroo Music Festival

The Bonnaroo Music and Arts Festival is an annual four-day music festival held in Manchester, Tennessee. It is held by Superfly Productions and AC Entertainment. It was first put together in 2002. The show's main features are the multiple stages. The two main stages—the "What" stage and the "Which" stage—provide most of the performances.

The music that is heard comes in a wide variety, including world music, hip hop, jazz, americana, bluegrass, country music, folk, gospel, reggae, electronica, and other alternative music.

There was no festival in 2020 because of COVID-19 pandemic.

Pol'and'Rock Festival

Pol'and'Rock Festival (formerly "Przystanek Woodstock") is a weekend-long music festival in Poland that has been held once a year since 1995. The festival is named for and was inspired by the Woodstock Festival (Przystanek Woodstock is Polish for "Woodstock Station"). Its motto is "Love, Friendship and Music." It is organized by a foundation called the Great Orchestra of Christmas Charity. Drugs are prohibited, but not everyone follows this rule.

The festival has been held in the town of Kostrzyn nad Odrą since 2004.

Empire of Japan

The (Japanese : 大日本帝國) (Manchu Standard Chinese : 大日本帝国) (Korean : 일본제국) (Russian : Японская Империя) also known as Imperial Japan was a historical Nation State and great power during the period from the Meiji Restoration to the Japanese defeat in World War II. It ruled the Home Islands of Japan and many other areas. The Emperors during this time, were Emperor Meiji (Mutsuhito),from 1868-1912 and Emperor Taishō (Yoshihito) from 1912-1926 and Emperor Shōwa (Hirohito) from 1926-1989 . It is considered to go from the year 1868 to 1945. Hirohito was still emperor of Japan after the empire dissolved in 1947 . Hirohito was emperor of Japan until his death in 1989 .

In those years, Japan changed greatly. It became one of the most powerful countries in the world. Japan built a powerful army and navy, and changed from an agricultural to an industrial economy. The Japanese began to invade and occupy other near countries like Korea, Taiwan, Manchukuo and part of China to get natural resources

The Empire of Japan surrendered to the Allies on September 2, 1945, after a long war against the Allied nations of World War II ending with the atomic bombings of Hiroshima and Nagasaki. The Allies occupied the country and made many changes, including a new constitution. Allied occupation and reconstruction of the country continued well into the 1950s.



Headband

A headband (also known as a headwrap) is an accessory. It is made to fit over or around the head, usually to hold hair away from the face or sweat out of the eyes. 

It may be made of many different materials, like plastic or elastic fabric. They come in many shapes and sizes and are used for both practical and fashion reasons.


Cornflower

The cornflower ("Centaurea cyanus") is also called bachelor's button, or basket flower. It is an annual flowering plant in the family Asteraceae. It originated in Europe, but has been taken to many other places like Australia. It bears flowers once a year.

It is grown as an ornamental plant in gardens. Several cultivars have been selected with varying pastel colours, including pink and purple. The flower gives its name to the characteristic blue colour.


Axel jump

An Axel jump is a jump in figure skating. It is the most famous and recognizable skating jump. It starts with the skater going forward. It is the only jump that does and that helps people know that the jump is an Axel jump. Because all skating jumps are landed going backwards, the Axel jump has an extra half rotation (full circle) in the air than all other skating jumps.

The jump was named after Axel Paulsen of Norway, who invented the jump.

The first skater to do a double Axel in competition was Dick Button, and Carol Heiss Jenkins was the first woman to do it. The first skater to do a triple Axel in competition was Vern Taylor. The first woman to do it was Midori Ito.

The first pairs skater to do a "throw triple Axel" (he helps her with the jump) were Rena Inoue & John Baldwin. It is not known who did the first "throw double Axel".

The Axel can be a single Axel (1 and a half rotations in the air), a double Axel (two and a half rotations in the air), or a triple Axel (three and a half rotations in the air). Most junior and senior skaters do a double Axel.

Many senior-level male skaters do a triple Axel.

Only 17 female figure skaters have done a ratified triple Axel in competition: Midori Ito (the first one to do it), Tonya Harding, Yukari Nakano, Ludmila Nelidina, Mao Asada (the first one to land three triple Axels in one competition), Kimmie Meissner, , , , , , , Sofia Akatieva, Sofia Samodelkina, , , Hana Yoshida, Rinka Watanabe, and Amber Glenn. Only 11 have done it in ISU-sanctioned international competitions (Kimmie Meissner, Sofia Akatieva, Sofia Samodelkina, and Ayaka Hosoda did triple axels at national championships).

According to the International Judging System, the base value of a triple Axel jump is 8.0, and that of a double Axel is 3.3.

Because the Axel is the most famous skating jump, many people make a mistake and call all skating jumps as "Axel jumps". This has led to many mistakes in sports reporting of figure skating, for example a report in 2006 saying that Miki Ando was the first female skater to land a quad Salchow in an international competition, which is a different jump.


Kimmie Meissner

Kimmie Meissner (born 4 October 1989) is a figure skater from the United States. She won the World Championships in 2006 and the United States national championships in 2007. She is the second American woman and the sixth woman worldwide to do a triple Axel jump.

Meissner was a very good skater as a child. In 2003, she won the Novice title at the United States nationals. In 2004, she won the Junior title. In 2005, she won the bronze medal at the Senior level. While this would normally have given her a spot to the World Championships, Meissner was too young to go.

In 2006, she went to the 2006 Olympics, where she placed 6th. At the Olympics, she was called the future of American skating. The future came quickly. The next month, she won the World Championships, placing ahead of the Olympic silver medalist Sasha Cohen.

In 2007, Meissner won the United States championships and the Four Continents Figure Skating Championships, a competition for skaters from countries that are not in Europe.

Meissner is a very popular skater, especially in Baltimore, where she is from. She has done shows in Baltimore and is a local celebrity. Meissner has many endorsements, which means she gets money from telling people she uses products. She is also involved with the "Cool Kids", which is an organization to help kids with cancer.


Flying ace

A flying ace or fighter ace is a military pilot who has shot down five or more enemy aircraft in air combat. Use of the term ""ace"" in military aviation began in World War I (1914–18). French newspapers called Adolphe Pegoud, as "l'as" (French for "ace") after he became the first pilot to shoot down five German aircraft. Many other pilots later became aces, and some are very famous today, like the "Red Baron", Manfred von Richthofen who had 80 kills.

Erich Hartmann was the ace with the most kills; he had 352.

Some countries have recognized armor commanders as "tank aces" for destroying five enemies.


Medal

A medal is a small metal object that is given as an award for doing something important or to commemorate something. There are medals for sports, military, academics, etc. Some medals have religious meaning. The Miraculous Medal has been distributed worldwide, for example. The Nobel Prize is a gold medal given to a few people every year. 

Military decorations, service awards, and medals are often confused with one another. "Decoration" is the term for awards which require acts of heroism or achievement (such as the British Victoria Cross or American Silver Star). A service award or campaign medal is awarded for serving in a place and time (such as the Iraq Campaign Medal). In either case, an award or decoration may be presented as a medal.

In the Olympic Games and many other sports competitions, medals are give to the top three people who took part in the competition. The winner of the competition is given the gold medal. The silver medal is given to the person who came second. The third placed person is given the bronze medal.


Yours truly

Yours truly could mean:

In music, yours truly could mean:

Motoori Norinaga

Motoori Norinaga (; 21 June 1730 – 5 November 1801) was a Japanese scholar and poet during the Edo period. Norinaga's most important works include the "Kojiki-den" ("Commentaries on the Kojiki"), created more than 35 years ago, and his comments on the "Tale of Genji".

Motoori was born in what is now Matsusaka in Ise Province (now part of Mie Prefecture). At the age of 22, Motoori went to Kyoto to study medicine. Although best known as a Kokugaku scholar, Norinaga worked as a doctor for 40 years in Matsusaka. 

He was the first to use the term Mono no aware, which is now an important concept in Japanese culture.

Valediction

A valediction is a phrase used to say goodbye at the end of a letter. It also refers to the act of saying goodbye to someone. It comes from the Latin "vale dicere", which means "to say farewell". Valedictions are normally written before the signature in a written message. The words used usually express respect or regard for the person to whom the message is written.

English valedictions often contain the possessive pronoun "yours"; for example, "Yours truly". In the United Kingdom, "Yours sincerely" or "Yours faithfully" are most common.

In old letters, "Yours truly" was often replaced with a longer sentence, for example:

"Yours sincerely" is used when the person sending the letter knows the name of the person receiving the letter.

"Yours faithfully" is used when the person who is receiving the letter is not known by name (i.e. the recipient is addressed by a phrase such as "Dear Sir/Madam").

Valedictions may be a prophecy, a warning or just a comment. In some types of literature, everyone is allowed a last word. In Njall's Saga, men tend to say things like "Oh, you have chopped off my arm", before dying. 

Stock characters tend to say predictable things. But in Shakespeare they are the way he moves the action along. Macbeth meets the three witches, who foretell his downfall without him realising it. They hail him as "Thane of Glamis and Cawdor", and that "he shall be King". He will not be defeated "until Birnam wood move to high Dunsinane".


Saburo Sakai

Saburo Sakai (, "Sakai Saburō", August 25, 1916 – September 22, 2000) was a Japanese naval pilot and fighter ace (""Gekitsui-O"") of the Imperial Japanese Navy during World War II. He was the 4th best Japanese pilot by number of enemy aircraft he shot down. He survived the war, and became a famous figure for his criticism of the War and the government of the Japanese Empire. He became a pacifist and a Buddhist and promised that he would never again kill another living thing, even a mosquito. Only months before his death, Sakai told reporters that he still prayed for the souls of the Chinese, American, Australian and Dutch pilots he had killed. He also helped Microsoft design the popular computer game "Combat Flight Simulator 2".

Sakai claims he shot down 64 enemy airplanes. He shot down a B-32 Dominator on the last day of the war.


Southern Cross Station

Southern Cross Station is a railway station in Melbourne, Australia. It is one of five stations in the mostly underground City Loop and the main hub for V/Line's services outside Melbourne, via Bus and Train. The station was called Spencer Street Station until December 13, 2005


Flagstaff railway station

Flagstaff is a railway station in Melbourne, Australia

Melbourne Central railway station

Melbourne Central is a train station in Melbourne, Victoria, Australia. It is one of three underground stations on the Melbourne Underground Rail Loop (City Loop). The station is underneath Melbourne Central Shopping Center. Melbourne Central has four platforms and four tracks. It was known as Museum Station when the Melbourne Museum was at the State Library of Victoria, across the street. Melbourne Central opened on January 24, 1981.

Parliament railway station

Parliament is an underground railway station in Melbourne, Australia. It is part of the suburban train network. It is one of the five stations on the City Loop. The city loop goes around the central business district.

Parliament has 4 platforms on two levels, like the other to underground stations on the city loop. Each level is for the trains leaving. The different levels are for trains going to the north and west suburbs or to the south and east suburbs. The station opened on January 22 1983.

Many people who work for the government use the station because it is underneath the Parliament House of Victoria. It is also at the intersection of Bourke Street and Spring Street. The tram routes 86, 95 and 96 on Bourke Street, tram routes 11, 12, 31, 42, 109, and 112 on Collins Street and the free City Circle tram stop near the station.

The lower platforms are 38 meters low. That means that they are the lowest in the city loop. Its escalators were the longest in the southern hemisphere, when the station opened.

Asphyxia

Asphyxia or asphyxiation is a condition when a living body does not get enough oxygen. If this condition lasts long enough it can lead to unconsciousness, brain damage and death.

Asphyxia can injure or kill people. This sometimes happens during suicide, torture, and in warfare. It can also be used as a capital punishment. It is also sometimes used nonfatally in martial arts, combat sports, and in some types of sex play. Because the need to breathe is controlled by the amount of carbon dioxide in the blood, some victims may not experience an urgent need to breathe and may remain unaware of the shortage of oxygen in their body.

Toy Story 2

Toy Story 2 (also known as Toy Story 2: The Search for Woody) is a 1999 American computer-generated animation movie and a sequel to the 1995 movie "Toy Story". It is the third Disney/Pixar full-length movie and was released to movie theaters by Buena Vista Pictures. It is about toys that come alive when people are not around. Woody is kidnapped by a toy collector so Buzz Lightyear and his friends go on a mission to save him. A sequel to this movie, Toy Story 3, was released in 2010.


Richmond railway station, Melbourne

Richmond station is a railway station in Richmond, Australia. Richmond is an inner suburb of Melbourne. 

The station is built on a bridge over Punt Road. It has ten platforms joined by three subways. All of Melbourne's eastern and south eastern railway lines meet here. These railway lines are:

The station is from Flinders Street Station which is Melbourne's central railway station. Richmond station is close to the Melbourne Cricket Ground, Punt Road Oval and Melbourne Park. It is very busy during sporting and other special events.

Tram route 70 goes past Richmond Station along Swan Street. 

Punt Road is under the station with a major interchange with Swan Street and Brunton Avenue.

Richmond station has been moved and rebuilt four times. The first station in Punt Road was at ground level and opened on 8 February, 1859. It closed the same year on 12 December, 1859. On the same day the new station opened in Swan Street.

In 1885, a new station just north of Swan Street was opened. The new station was raised up and was not at ground level. It had six platforms. For some time, both the old and new stations were used, before the ground level Swan Street station was closed. 

By the 1940s the station had begun to fall apart. It was so bad that the council said it should be pulled down. A new station was not built for another 20 years. On 26 March, 1960 the new station was opened west of the old one. The bridges at each end of the station across Punt Road and Swan Street were also rebuilt to fit the ten tracks. The old station was pulled down.

The condition of Richmond station was a problem again in 2005. Melbourne held the 2006 Commonwealth Games. Richmond station was the gateway to many of the main venues. The station had a bleak appearance. The raised station did not have much shelter and could be windy and cold. It has poor access with steep ramps, stairs, and no lifts. This led the Victorian Government to think about building a new station. They decided it would cost too much money.

The opening scene of the movie "Romper Stomper" was filmed in Richmond station. In the movie it was called Footscray station.

Bairnsdale railway line, Victoria

The Bairnsdale railway line is a regional railway in Victoria, Australia. It continues from the Pakenham metropolitan line. The part as far as Warragul used to be run with Melbourne electric trains, but only for a period during the 1990s. It has 24 stations.

Bold stations are terminuses, "italic" stations are staffed at least part-time (this has been confirmed).

Continues from the Pakenham metropolitan line.


Branch lines went from Warragul to Noojee, Moe to Walhalla (a 2' 6" line), Thorpdale and Yallourn after the line from Hearne's Oak to Yallourn was closed to allow for a grater expansion of a brown coal mine, Morwell to Mirboo North, Traralgon to Stratford Junction via Maffra, which also included a branch line to Briagolong, and a short branch line from Bairnsdale to Bairnsdale Wharf, all of which have been closed.

As well, several timber tramways existed from many of the stations between Pakenham and Yarragon.


Pakenham railway station

Pakenham is a railway station in Melbourne, Victoria, Australia. It is in the suburb of Pakenham, on the Pakenham railway line. It is in Metcard Zone 2. It is the end of the Pakenham line, as well as a stop for regional trains going to Traralgon and Bairnsdale. The station contains 2 platforms.

North Melbourne railway station

North Melbourne Railway Station is the gateway for all west and northwest bound train lines in Melbourne, Australia. North Melbourne Railway Station is mainly used as an interchange point. The station was converted to a premium station in 1996, and has a small kiosk and a staffed ticket office. The station is actually in West Melbourne, the station's main entrance, at its east, is at intersection of Ireland Street and Railway Place. The station also has a western exit however this leads only to the rail yards.

The number 216 and 219 buses stop nearby the station.

On May 15, 2006, it was announced that the station is to be redeveloped. As part of the project, a new main entrance was created at the southern end of the station with new escalators, stairs and lifts installed for quicker access to other platforms and to help disabled passengers.


Shushi Massacres

The Shushi massacres were anti-Armenian pogroms during the Armenian-Azerbaijani war, 1920, when Azeri and Turkish army soldiers with participation of Kurdish gangs attacked the inhabitants of Shusha (Shushi). The massacres took place on March 22-26, 1920, and resulted in more than
20,000 Armenian deaths and the destruction of the town of Shusha in Nagorno-Karabakh.

On June 4-5, 1919, an armed Armenian-Turkish fight took place in Shushi. It was organized and started by Azeri Governor-General Khosrov beg Sultanov. The town was closed off by a blockade, and the Armenian population found itself needing food.

From the very start of 1920, Governor Sultanov, breaking the temporary treaty agreement of August 22, 1919, continued the blockade around Karabakh. He increased the number of armed forces in strategically important locations and gave weapons to the local Azeri population.

In the early morning of March 23, 1920, the Azeri army soldiers and Kurdish gangs attacked the Armenian part of town and began a horrible massacre of the Armenian population, which finished in March 26, 1920.

The famous Russian poet Osip Mandelstam, who was in Shushi in 1931, wrote a poem called "The phaeton driver" dedicated to this tragedy:

In July 1, 1997, the Baroness Caroline Cox gave a speech in the House of Lords, United Kingdom remembering the lives of Armenians who have been killed and specifically mentioned the occurrence in Shushi in 1920.

Research analyst Kalli Raptis in her book "Nagorno-Karabakh and the Eurasian Transport Corridor" wrote: "'In July 1918, the First Armenian Assembly of Nagorno Karabakh declared the region self-governing and created a national Council and government. In August 1919, the Karabakh national Council entered into a provisional treaty arrangement with the Azerbaijani government in order to avoid military conflict with a superior adversary'. Azerbaijan's violation of the treaty culminated in March 1920 with the massacre of the Armenians of Nagorno-Karabakh's capital, Shushi (called Shusha by the Azerbaijanis)".



Osip Mandelstam

Osip Emilyevich Mandelstam (also spelled Mandelshtam, ; January 15, 1891 – December 27, 1938) was a Russian poet and essayist.

Mandelstam was born in Warsaw, to a rich Jewish family. In 1900 Mandelstam entered the prestigious Tenishevsky school, which also counts Vladimir Nabokov and other significant figures of Russian (and Soviet) culture among its alumni. His first poems were printed in the school's almanac in 1907.

In April 1908 Mandelstam decided to enter the Sorbonne to study literature and philosophy, but he left the following year to attend the University of Heidelberg. In 1911, in order to continue education in the University of St. Petersburg, he converted to Methodism (which he did not practice) and entered the university the same year.

Mandelstam's poetry, acutely populist in spirit after the first Russian revolution, became closely associated with symbolist imagery, and in 1911 he and several other young Russian poets formed the "Poets' Guild" (Russian: Цех Поэтов, "Tsekh Poetov"), under the formal leadership of Nikolai Gumilyov and Sergei Gorodetsky.

In 1922 Mandelstam arrived in Moscow with his newlywed wife Nadezhda. At the same time his second book of poems, "Tristia", was published in Berlin. For several years after that, he almost completely abandoned poetry, concentrating on essays, literary criticism, memoirs ("The Din Of Time", Russian: Шум времени, "Shum vremeni"; Феодосия, "Feodosiya" – both 1925) and small-format prose ("The Egyptian Stamp", Russian: Египетская марка, "Yegipetskaya marka" – 1928). As a day job, he translated (19 books in 6 years), then worked as a correspondent for a newspaper.

Mandelstam died in 1938 in prison.

Mandelstam's non-conformist, anti-establishment tendencies always simmered not far from the surface, and in the autumn of 1933 they broke through in the form of the famous "Stalin Epigram".


Forestry Commission

The Forestry Commission is a UK Government agency that was set up in 1918.

The commission is responsible for many forests and woodlands in Great Britain. Its job is to protect and expand Britain's forests and woodlands and increase their value to society and the environment.

Some of its forests are pine trees which the commission manages and carefully cuts down trees for wood and paper making. The money from this helps the commission to maintain it other forests which are not farmed but which are used for recreation, by people wanting to visit the countryside, and also to fund some scientific research into the ways to grow trees and to keep them healthy.

The Forestry Commission looks after a lot of the forests in the list of Forests in the United Kingdom

Fukushima Prefecture

The Fukushima Daiichi Nuclear Power Plant is in this prefecture. The power plant had a meltdown in March 2011. It forced many people in Fukushima to move away from their homes, especially in the Futaba District.

Until the Meiji Restoration, Fukushima prefecture was known as Mutsu Province. In 1871, the territories of eleven clans were combined into three prefectures: Fukushima, Wakamatsu and Iwaki. On August 21 in 1876, they were united to form the current Fukushima Prefecture.

Fukushima is the prefecture that is furthest south in the Tōhoku region. It is the part of Tōhoku closest to Tokyo. Tokyo is about 300 kilometres further south. Fukushima located between 37 and 38 degrees north latitude.

Fukushima is divided by mountain ranges into three regions: (from west to east) Aizu, Nakadōri, and Hamadōri. Hamadōri is on the coast of the Pacific Ocean and is the flattest and most temperate region. Nakadōri is the most important farming part of the prefecture. The capital city, Fukushima, is in this area. Aizu is a tourist destination and has many mountains, scenic lakes, forests, and snowy winters.

There are thirteen cities in Fukushima Prefecture:

Towns and villages in each district:


National parks cover about 13% of the total land area of the prefecture. They include:

The three main industries in Fukushima are manufacturing, commerce and farming.

Fukushima was the largest manufacturer in Tōhoku in 2008. The industry made about 5 and a half trillion yen (¥5,568,600,000,000). Manufacturers relied heavily on electrical power produced locally, much of it from nuclear power stations.

Trade, including retail businesses, was the second largest industry in 2008. It made 4.7 trillion yen (¥4,720,600,000,000).

In 2009, the prefecture produced ¥245,000,000,000 (245 billion yen) from farming products. About 40%, or ¥94,800,000,000 (94 billion yen), was from rice. Fukushima was the fifth largest rice producer in the country. It also produced large amounts of vegetables, meat, and fish. The two largest agricultural producers were the cities of Fukushima and Kōriyama. Those two areas accounted for more than 15% of agricultural production in the prefecture.


Arara, Paraíba

Arara is a Brazilian city in the state of Paraíba. Its population in 2007 was 12,920 inhabitants. Its area is 89 km².

Juan Crisóstomo de Arriaga

Juan Crisóstomo de Arriaga y Balzola (born Bilbao 27 January 1806; died Paris 17 January 1826) was an early 19th-century Spanish composer. He was still only 19 years old when he died. Like Mozart, he was a child prodigy and he might have become one of the world’s most famous composers if he had lived.

Juan Crisóstomo Arriaga was born in Bilbao, in the Basque Country in Spain. His father and older brother first taught him music. He started to compose when he was 11 years old, and by the time he was 15 he had already written 20 works. Many of these are now lost. He may have thrown them away, thinking that they were not very good. In 1921 he went to Paris where he studied the violin with Pierre Baillot, and counterpoint and harmony with François-Joseph Fétis at the Paris Conservatoire. He was so good that by 1824 he had become a teaching assistant in Fétis's class. 

Arriaga died in Paris at the age of nineteen, probably of a lung disease and exhaustion.

Arriaga has been called “The Spanish Mozart”. His music, however, does not sound particularly Spanish. It has a more general European character, based on the style of Mozart and Beethoven. He wrote a symphony which sounds at times like Schubert. He also wrote an opera "Los esclavos felices" ("The Happy Slaves"), and three string quartets. The string quartets were the only works that were published while he was still alive.

Conservatoire de Paris

The Conservatoire de Paris (Paris Conservatoire) is a music conservatory where students can study dance, drama and music. It has now been split into two "Conservatoires". One is for Acting, Theatre and Drama and is called the "Conservatoire National Supérieur d'Art Dramatique" (CNSAD). It is in the old building in the centre of Paris. The other is called "Conservatoire National Supérieur de Musique et de Danse de Paris". It is farther from the centre of the city. This is where Music and Dance are taught.

The Paris Conservatoire has been famous for music since it was formed in 1795. Nearly all famous French composers and performing musicians studied there, and many young musicians came from abroad to study. It was, and still is, one of the best places to study music in the world.


Prix de Rome

The Prix de Rome was a scholarship (money prize) for art students in Paris. It was created in 1663 in France when Louis XIV was reigning. Every year the prize was given to promising young painters, sculptors, and architects. They had to finish a very difficult piece of work to show that they deserved to win the prize. The person who won the prize would get money so that he could go to Rome for a year to study. Sometimes they were allowed to stay longer if they were doing exceptionally good work.

In 1803, music was added to the subjects, and in 1804 engraving was added. Sometimes people won “second prize” which allowed them to study for a shorter period.

Many artists who won the Prix de Rome are now almost forgotten. On the other hand, there are many artists who became very famous but did not win the Prix de Rome. These people include Augustin Pajou Eugène Delacroix, Edouard Manet, Edgar Degas and the composers Ernest Chausson and Maurice Ravel. Ravel tried five times to win it. There was a big argument about this at the Paris Conservatoire, and rules were reorganized after that.

The Prix de Rome continued to be awarded until 1968 when it was stopped.


Caulfield railway station

Caulfield is a railway station in Melbourne, Victoria, Australia. It is in the suburb Caulfield, on the Pakenham, Frankston and Cranbourne railway lines. At this station the Frankston line splits from the Pakenham and Cranbourne lines.

Caulfield is a Premium Station.

The station is between Sir John Monash Drive (formerly Railway Avenue) and Normanby Road. The tram route 3 and some bus routes stop here. The Caulfield campus of Monash University and Caulfield Racecourse are close to the station.

The station has four platforms. Two platforms make an island in the middle of the station. Platform 1 has a large red brick building. Platforms 2&3 ( the island platforms) contain a large red brick building with a waiting room and a ticket office. Platform 4 has a large red brick building. Outbound V/Line (country trains) services leave from this platform. A large Metcard ticket machine is inside the waiting room. This machine is able to sell most tickets. It also accept notes and coins. Small Metcard machines are at the entrances to platforms 1 and 4. A subway is located underneath the station. This allows people to get to the island platform. It has a Coca-Cola Red Engine take away food shop.

Caulfield station was opened on Wednesday, 7th May 1879.

Officer railway station

Officer railway station is an ummanned railway station in Officer, Victoria. It is located in Metcard Zone 2.

ß

The letter ß (also known as sharp S, German: "Eszett" or "scharfes S") is a letter in the German alphabet. It is the only German letter that is not part of the basic Latin alphabet. The letter is pronounced (like the "s" in "see") and is not used in any other language.

Today's "ß" was created around the 1900s. (See w:en:ß and w:de:ß for details on the so-called "Sulzbacher Form".) It has two origins, one in Blackletter and one in Roman type (also called Antiqua).

The letter came from the long s ("ſ") and the normal "z". Written fast by hand, they over time joined together to form a single glyph.

The "ß" is used only in German and never at the start of German words. The uppercase "ß" ("ẞ") exists only for typesetting, such as in a dictionary. Instead of lowercase "ß", one can also write "ss". As no words start with double "s" or "ß", no uppercase "ß" is necessary.

However, not every "ss" can be written as "ß". German often puts two or more words together to make a longer word. If the new word has "ss", it cannot be written as "ß". For example, "Voßstraße" is two words joined together ("Voß" and "straße"). It can also be written as Vossstraße but not as "Vosßtraße" because "sstraße" (or "ßtraße") is not a word, and the "ß" is in the word "Voss" ("Voß").

The rules for German orthography have changed since 1996. Many common words that used to be written with "ß" are now written with "ss". For example, "Fluß" (river) is spelled "Fluss". When the preceding vowel is short, as in "Fluss", "ss" is used. However, the "ß" is used when the preceding vowel is long as in "Straße".

General Motors railway station

General Motors Railway Station was a railway station in Melbourne, Australia. 

The station was opened on November 18, 1956 to service the General Motors factory near it. The station had two platforms and a footbridge into the factory. In 1991, the General Motors factory closed. Since the main purpose of the station was to support the factory, the station was no longer needed, but the station stayed open for eleven years after the factory had been destroyed. It was estimated to be the least used station in the entire city network. It had an average of eight passengers using it a day. The last trains stopped at the station on July 28 2002. 


Agronomy

Agronomy is the study of soil in relation to how it affects plant growth. "Agronomists" work to make methods that will improve the use of soil and increase the amount of food and fiber crops.

Metlink

Metlink is the marketing name for all public transport operators' in Melbourne, Australia.

The "Metlink" brand was introduced in 2003.

Under the new branding, railway station signage and timetables are colour-coded blue, tram stop signs and timetables are green, and the bus network is orange. The regional train network is colour-coded purple.

Metlink has also been active in the use of 'value Metcards' (like credit cards but work only for trains) and is known for running a "funny" campaign called BATBYGOBSTOPL (Buying A Ticket Before You Get On Board Saves Time Or Problems Later). In July 2007, Metlink launched a new campaign, "I Highly Recommend You Get on the Bus", featuring musical comedian Frank Woodley, to improve bus services. 

While they do not have control, representatives of the Bus Association of Victoria and V/Line have helped Metlink.

Victoria's regional bus and rail services will at some future date be brought under a similar brand to Metlink named Viclink. Signage upgrades at regional railway stations have started from October 2006 . The signage will be fully implemented when V/Line is re-privatized following the completion of the Fast Rail project.



Sanyo

Sanyo is a Japanese electronics company. They specialise in home appliances.

Sanyo was founded in 1947 by Toshio Iue.

Panasonic acquired it in 2011.

As of 2018, the company's revenue was ¥84.678 billion.

Sanyo on Panasonic website

Celtic Frost

Celtic Frost was a thrash/black metal band from Zurich, Switzerland. The band was formed in 1984 and broke up in 1993. The reunited in 2001 and broke up again in 2008.

Celtic Frost released 6 studio albums:



Privy council

The Privy Council is a group of advisors to a Monarch. 


Cable knitting

Patterns called cables are created using special cable knitting needles. The cables often look like braids. They are typically used on sweaters, particularly on Aran sweaters from Ireland.

Maraghar Massacre

The Maraghar Massacre happened on April 10, 1992, during the Nagorno-Karabakh War.


Circular knitting

Circular knitting or knitting in the round is a form of knitting that creates a seamless tube. It is done with circular or double-pointed needles. Socks, mittens, and sweaters can be made with circular knitting.

Knitting machine

Knitting machines are used to make knitted cloth for clothing or household items. They can make flat shapes or tubular shapes. The tubular shapes can be used for t-shirts.

Kirovabad pogrom

The Kirovabad pogrom was an attack by Azeris against the targeted Armenian population living in the Azerbaijani town of Kirovabad in November 1988. It is estimated that at least 130 people were killed.


Tree of Knowledge

In the Book of Genesis, chapters two and three, the Tree of Knowledge of Good and Evil was a tree in the middle of the Garden of Eden, along with the Tree of Life. God Told Adam and Eve) to never eat from this Tree. When Eve and Adam, ate the fruit from the Tree of Knowledge, they discovered that they were naked, and were banished from the garden and forced to survive through farming.

According to the Jewish tradition, God telling Adam and Eve not to eat from the Tree was to give them free choice and allow them to earn perfection instead of getting it with a simple deed. According to this tradition, Adam and Eve would have become perfect and immortal had they not eaten from the Tree. After failing, they were sentenced to a long time of hard work to get themselves back into God's trust.

In Christianity, the Tree of Knowledge is connected to the beginning of sin. By eating the fruit of the Tree, Adam and Eve tried to become like God. 

In Buddhism, the Buddha became enlightened under a Bodhi tree. While the biblical tree is usually seen as representing pleasure, the Bodhi tree gave pure knowledge.

Symbolically, the fruit of the Tree of Knowledge tries to divide human action into Right or Wrong, Good or Evil and Lawful or Unlawful with privileges and punishments for each case.


Royal Academy of Music

The Royal Academy of Music is a conservatory in London where young people can study music. It was founded in 1822. Many musicians who became famous studied music at the Royal Academy of Music.

The Royal Academy of Music was officially founded (started) in 1822 and was opened the next year. King George IV was the patron of the conservatory. At first it had 21 students.

In 1830 it received its Royal Charter, but for many years it had financial problems and it was not until 1868, when the British Prime Minister William Ewart Gladstone arranged for it to have a regular grant, that it began to do well. During the 19th century the academy was in Hanover Square, but in 1912 it moved to Marylebone Road near Regent's Park.

Since 1912 many changes and extensions have been made to the building. Many concerts are given in the Duke’s Hall and operas are performed in the Sir Jack Lyons Theatre. Many of the professors (teachers) at the academy come from other countries. The academy works together with King’s College, London where many of the students take a 4-year performance course. In 1997 they won some lottery money which helped them to get a new building for their collection of musical instruments. It has a large library which includes all the books and music which used to belong to the conductors Sir Henry Wood and Otto Klemperer.

Today the students come from over 50 countries. Students from abroad can attend a special “English for Musicians” course. There are over 600 students at the academy. The students have many opportunities to perform, both in the academy and in concerts in other places. Over 90% of the students find a career in music after they leave the academy.

The principal of the Royal Academy of Music is Jonathan Freeman-Attwood.


Royal College of Music

The Royal College of Music is a conservatory in London where young people can study music. It was founded in 1882. Many musicians who became famous studied music at the Royal College of Music.

The Royal College of Music was founded by Royal charter. The president was the Prince of Wales (later King Edward VII). The president has always been a member of the royal family. The first director was Sir George Grove and he was followed by Sir Hubert Parry. The first building was opposite the west side to the Royal Albert Hall, but in 1894 the RCM moved to a larger building south of the Royal Albert Hall on Prince Consort Road. The College is still there, but there have been many extensions and improvements to the building since then.

There are about 520 students at the RCM. About 170 of these are post-graduate students. The college can award degrees and diplomas in music. Composers and performing musicians can study there. There is a large museum of musical instruments. Next to the main building is a 400-seater opera house, the Britten Theatre, opened in 1986. There are now over 600 students from about 50 countries.

The director of the Royal College of Music is Dr Colin Lawson.



Automated teller machine

An automated teller machine (ATM) is a machine that lets people take or deposit money that they have. It can also be used by someone to see how much money they have, or see and do other things with their bank account. In the United Kingdom, ATMs are often called "cash machines", "cashpoints" or the "hole in the wall".

ATMs may be found in stores and shopping malls. They can also be found in other places. Sometimes, they can be found in bars or restaurants. Other times, at special events, people may set one up so the guests can use the machine, like at a fundraiser.

People need a debit card or credit card in order to use an ATM. They also need to have a Personal Identification Number (PIN). A PIN is a code that lets them get into their account.

There are many scams with ATMs. In one scam, con artists look over the victim's shoulder and find their PIN. This is known as shoulder surfing. In another, they may put a video camera near the ATM to look at people using their PIN number. They then make cards using the PIN number and account number to be able to use that person's account.

In Germany, where people still use real money more than electronic money, there have been a lot of robberies from cash machines. 496 cash machines were blown up in 2022, with about €100,000 stolen each time. Most of the thieves are Dutch men, say the German police.

In Japan old people are targeted by people who pretend to be members of their family in trouble. In 2023 the National Police Agency were thinking about stopping people over 65 who had not used a machine for more than a year from using them.

Quilt

A quilt is a type of blanket made of three layers: a top piece of cloth, a layer of insulating material often called "batting", and a bottom piece of cloth for backing. The layers are joined together either by sewing or by tying the layers together with pieces of yarn, thread, or ribbon.

The top layer of the quilt can be made from many pieces of cloth sewn together in patterns, known as "patchwork". Other patterns can be made by running lines of stitching through the three layers.

Sometimes quilts are not used as bedding, but are works of art made to be hung on a wall (wall hangings) or used as decoration.

Quilting is done in many cultures, such as the Amish, in Hawaii, and in India.

Ribbon

A ribbon is a thin, flexible band, usually cloth but also plastic or sometimes metal. 

Ribbons are mostly used for tying or decorating things. Ribbons can be used to tie a person's hair, decorate clothing or uniforms, or to tie up packages. A typewriter uses a cloth or plastic ribbon to hold the ink.

Garden of Eden

The Garden of Eden is the place where, according to the Christian and Jewish Bible, the first man, Adam, and the first woman, Eve, lived after they were created by God.

In the Bible, the story of the creation of the world in the book of Genesis describes how Adam and Eve lived in Eden in peace with all of the animals. They tended the garden and could eat from any tree except the Tree of Knowledge. After they ate from the Tree of Knowledge, God punished Adam and Eve by making them leave the Garden of Eden forever.

Only Judaism, Islam and Christianity believe that Garden of Eden existed and Adam and Eve were first humans. The Garden of Eden as Paradise. 

In Sumerian, "Eden" is a name for the Steppe. "Heavenly Eden" is also mentioned. It refers to a place that appears to be fertile at first, but later changes to become infertile. Climatologists have said this is a good description of the climate change that happened in The Levant after the last ice age. The green steppe became dry. This meant that food was no longer available all year round, but only at certain times. This forced the people living at the time to start agriculture and to keep some of their food for the periods where there was none. Scientists have referred to this change as the Neolithic Revolution. This change of food is also mentioned in the story.

Babylonian mythology sees the main reason for the creation of man to grow food for the gods. This is different in the Bible. There, god created plants as food for humans, and animals to keep them company.

The beginning of the Book of Genesis has been seen as describing the state before a climate change in a certain region. >Because of this change, humans were "condemned" to growing crops and keeping some food in stock, to be able to eat it, during the times it did not grow. Genesis has been seen to only start when this region converted to agriculture (the Neolithic Revolution, mentioned above). This means that Genesis roughly covers the time from about 8000 - 6000 BC to about 2000 BC. 

The Location of the Garden of Eden is clear from the original source: the Book of Genesis. It is located at the head waters of four Rivers. The first is the Pishon which flows through the land of Havilah. 

Havilah is located according to Genesis 10:29-30 starting in Mesha going toward Sephar. Mount Masius (Mesha) according to Strabo the Greek Geographer is in northern Mesopotamia near Nisiris. Sephar is the ancient city of Sippar near Babylon. The river which currently flows through this region is the Khabur. Its origin is Mount Masius which is known as the Karaca Dag. The Karaca Dag also supplies water to the Tigris and Euphrates rivers as well as the Balikh river through karst springs which completes the complement of the Four Rivers of Eden. The town of Viransehir in the hills south of the Karaca dag was known as Telassar in the Byzantine era where the Children of Eden were defeated by the Assyrians. 

Strabo volume 7 book 16 chapter 1 

Judaism teaches that sin cannot be passed on from the parents to their children. There is a free will, everyone is responsible for their own sins only. Humans can do bad things and good things. God's commandments help them do good things. What exactly makes up the Commandments of God is not written down, but needs to developed by tradition. Sins are forgiven once a year during Yom Kippur. Unlike Christianity, Judaism has no personified evil.

Christianity believes that sin can be passed on from the parents to their children. This is known as original sin. Without Jesus, humans must live in sin. Augustine of Hippo formalized this belief, which is now a dogma in the Western Christian denominations (Catholicism and Protestantism).

Islam sees Adam and Eve being chased away as a chance for a new start. Islam says the Christian concept of original sin is false. This means that them being chased away does not change the relationship between men and God. According to Islamic tradition, Adam and Eve were placed in different parts of the world. They first had to wander around before they found each other.


Wigmore Hall

The Wigmore Hall is a famous concert hall in London. It is called a “recital hall” because it is designed for recitals: concerts given by one soloist, or sometimes a small group of musicians (chamber music). It is in Wigmore Street in the centre of London, just north of Oxford Street.

The Wigmore Hall was built in 1901 by the German firm Bechstein who made pianos. Originally it was called Bechstein Hall. Bechstein’s showrooms were next door. The hall was built in a Renaissance style, with alabaster and marble walls and a rectangular hall with a small, raised stage. Above the stage the ceiling is in the form of a cupola which has a painting which shows the Soul of Music looking up at the Genius of Harmony: a ball of eternal fire whose rays are reflected across the world. These are separated by thorns from the rest of the picture which includes a musician and, on the other side, Psyche inspiring a composer to write music.

The "Bechstein Hall" opened on 31 May 1901 with a concert given by the virtuoso pianist and composer Ferruccio Busoni and violinist Eugène Ysaÿe. During its early period many famous musicians played there, including Artur Schnabel, Pablo Sarasate, Percy Grainger, Myra Hess, Arthur Rubinstein and Camille Saint-Saëns.

Because it was owned by a German firm, the hall was seized as "enemy property" during World War I. The hall with over 130 pianos was sold at an auction to Debenhams for a very small amount of money, and was re-opened as Wigmore Hall in 1917. Musicians who have performed there since include Sviatoslav Richter, Vladimir Ashkenazy, Elisabeth Schwarzkopf, Victoria de los Ángeles, Sergei Prokofiev, Shura Cherkassky, Paul Hindemith, Andrés Segovia, Julian Bream, Peter Pears, Benjamin Britten and Francis Poulenc.

Today the Wigmore Hall seats 540 people. Many concerts are broadcast on BBC Radio 3. Famous musicians perform there, as well as young musicians who are just starting their career.

The Wigmore Hall publishes on its own record label "Wigmore Hall live" recordings of concerts that were given by famous musicians. The pianos in the Wigmore Hall today are made by Steinway.

The Wigmore Hall's director is John Gilhooly. His future plans include having lots of music by living composers


Associated Board of the Royal Schools of Music

The Associated Board of the Royal Schools of Music or ABRSM is an organisation that arranges music examinations. The organisation is based in London, but they arrange examinations in places all over the world. Many people, especially children, who learn instruments take examinations of the ABRSM as it helps them to become better players because it gives them something to work for. People of any age can take the exams. Those who pass an exam get a certificate. Over 620,000 candidates take the ABRSM examinations every year in over ninety countries.

The organisation is called “Associated Board of the Royal Schools of Music” because it is organised by a group of four music conservatoires: 

Exams can be taken on many different instruments. In nearly each case there are eight grades, numbered from 1 to 8. For example, someone who has learned the piano for a short while may take Grade 1 once he or she can play pieces such as a simple minuet, and play a few scales with separate hands. By the time they take Grade 8 they will need to be able to play movements from sonatas by composers such as Beethoven, play all 24 scales in various ways very fluently and be good at sight-reading.

The marks are given out of 150. The pass mark is hundred. Below hundred marks is a “Fail”. one hundred and twenty marks to one hundred and twenty nine is called a “Merit” and one hundred and thirty and above is a “Distinction”.

Although some students take each of the grades as they get better at their instrument, it is not necessary to have passed earlier grades in order to take a higher grade. For grades 6 and above it is necessary to have passed Grade 5 Theory or Practical Musicianship or Jazz. This is to make sure that students have a good knowledge of music.

The examiners are people who are professional musicians. Many of them are music teachers. They have a wide experience of music and they are trained by the ABRSM so that they all mark in the same way.

The ABRSM also publish a lot of music, including the music set for their exams.

There are four kinds of exams:
These are by far the most commonly taken exams. Available for over 35 instruments, these exams consist of 4 different sections:




Each section has a certain number of marks and all the marks add up to 150. 100 is a pass, 120 a merit and 130 a distinction.

There is also a Prep Test for those who are not yet ready to take Grade 1 but would like to have the experience of taking an exam. Students who take a Prep Test are not given a mark. It is a way to encourage young people and make them relaxed about the idea of taking exams.

These are written papers about musical theory. They are marked out of 100: 66 or more is a pass; 80 or more is a merit; 90 or more is a distinction.

These exams will test a student’s understanding of rhythm, melody, key and notation together with the ability to sing and play from memory, and improvise and to recognise changes to and answer questions about a score.

These are the newest types of exams. Jazz piano was first offered in 1999. At the moment they are only available for flute, piano, clarinet, saxophone, trumpet and trombone. They are also only available from Grades 1-5. They are marked in the same way as practical exams. However many of the pieces include large sections where they have to improvise (make something up) using particular chords.

The ABRSM offer diplomas in three disciplines:
For each discipline there are three levels of award:
These are professional qualifications which allow a person to put the letters after his or her name.


Punjab

Punjab or Panjab may mean: 


In former countries, states and provinces:
In other:

See also:

House of Commons

House of Commons is the name of the lower house in several commonwealth parliaments



Engraving

Engraving is putting a design onto a hard, flat surface, by carving into it. The result may be a decorative piece in itself, as when silver, gold or steel are engraved, or may provide a printing plate of copper or another metal, for printing images on paper which are also called engravings. Engraving was an important method in history of making images on paper, both in artistic ways, such as making a decorative print, and also for printing books and magazines. It has long been replaced by photography in its commercial uses and, is nowadays much less common in printmaking, where it has been almost completely replaced by etching and other techniques.

Engravers use a steel tool called a burin to cut the picture or pattern into the surface, mostly a copper plate. Gravers come in a variety of shapes and sizes that give different line types when used. The burin gives us a line that is unique because of its steady appearance and smooth edges. The angle tint tool has a slightly curved tip that is commonly used in printmaking. Florentine liners are flat-bottomed tools with multiple lines on them, used to do work on larger areas. Flat gravers are used for doing work on letters, as well as most musical instrument engraving work. Round gravers are commonly used on silver as well as other hard-to-cut metals such as nickel and steel. 

In ancient history, the only engraving that could be made were the shallow grooves found in some jewellery after 1000 B.C. 

In the European Middle Ages goldsmiths used engraving to decorate metal. It is thought that they began to print impressions of their designs to record them. From this grew the engraving of copper printing plates to make artistic images on paper in Germany in the 1430s. The first and greatest period of engraving was from about 1470 to 1530, with such masters as Martin Schongauer, Albrecht Dürer, and Lucas van Leiden. 

Thereafter engraving tended to lose popularity to etching, which was a much easier technique for an artist to learn. By the nineteenth century, most engraving was for commercial picture-making. 

Before the invention of photography, engraving was used to reproduce other forms of art, for example paintings. Engravings continued to be common in newspapers and many books into the early 20th century, because they were cheap to use in printing.

Because of the high level of detail that can be done by a master engraver, faking engraved designs is almost impossible, and modern banknotes are almost always engraved, as are plates for printing money, checks, bonds and other papers that should not be faked. Engraving is so fine that a normal printer can not make the detail of hand engraved images properly. In the U.S. Bureau of Engraving and Printing, more than one engraver will work on the same printing plate, making it nearly impossible for any person to duplicate all the engraving on almost any banknote or document. 

Many classic postage stamps were engraved, although the practice is now mostly confined to particular countries, or used when a more "elegant" design is desired and a limited amount of different colours is acceptable.

Engraving machines such as the K500 or K6 by "Hell Gravure Systems" use a diamond "pen" to cut cells. Each cell creates one printing dot later in the process. A K6 can have up to 18 engraving heads each cutting 8,000 cells per second to an accuracy of 0.1 µm and below. They are fully computer controlled and the whole process of cylinder making is fully automatic. The engraving process with diamonds is state of the art since the 1960s.

Now, laser engraving machines are being made and even today the mechanical cutting has proven its strength in economical terms and quality. More than 4,000 engravers make about 8 million printing cylinders worldwide per year.

The earliest allusion to engraving in the Bible may be the reference to Judah’s seal ring. (Genesis 38:18), followed by (Exodus 39.30). Engraving was commonly done with pointed tools of iron or even with diamond points. (Jeremiah 17:1). 

Each of the two onyx stones on the shoulder pieces of the high priest’s ephod was engraved with the names of six different tribes of Israel, and each of the 12 precious stones that adorned his breastpiece was engraved with the name of one of the tribes. The holy sign of dedication, the shining gold plate on the high priest’s turban, was engraved with the words: “Holiness belongs to Jehovah.” Bezalel, along with Oholiab, was qualified to do this specialized engraving work as well as to train others.—Ex 35:30-35; 28:9-12; 39:6-14, 30.

Italian painter and engraver Guido Bonasone [1498-after 1574] engraved a series of plates for a work called "The Loves of the Gods" Circa 1531–76. {top row] Cenuries later the english artist Thomas Rowlandson copied three of them.{Bottom row]



Ron Dennis

Ronald "Ron" Dennis CBE (born 1 June 1947) is the executive chairman of McLaren Automotive and McLaren Group. He was the team principal of the McLaren Formula One team until 2009.

He was placed at number 648 in the Sunday Times Rich List 2006 with a wealth of £90 million. "The Times" put his wealth at £200 million in 2009.

Sabaragamuwa Province

Sabaragamuwa is a province in Sri Lanka. It has two main districts: Ratnapura and Kegalle. Ratnapra is famous for its gems.

Solo

Solo may refer to:


Skateboard

A skateboard is a board (called a "deck") with four wheels put on under it. It is used to go skateboarding. The first skateboards were a piece of wood with rollerskater attached to it. This became popular and by 1960, skateboards were made in production. As more skateboards were made, more people liked the new sport. However, it was dangerous and people started to fall off. As a result, skate parks started to close down. With less places to skate, skateboarders had no where to go. A small group of skateboarders carried on skateboarding in the street and around cities. After 20 years, the sport began to grow into what we know now. Skateboarding is a popular sport with many younger riders. Young people sometimes skateboard on the street. There are many different types of skateboards like stunt skateboards, penny skateboards, Longboards, short boards and more. 

The normal parts that make a complete skateboard are the deck, trucks, wheels, bearings, hardware, and griptape.

Most decks are made of six to nine-plywood layers. Other materials used in making decks include fiberglass, bamboo, resin, Kevlar, carbon fiber, aluminum, and plastic. All these make the board more light. Some decks made from maple plywood are dyed to make many different colored plywood. Modern decks are made in different sizes. Most are 7 to 10.5 inches wide. Wider decks can be used for greater stability when skating on curving surfaces including ramps. Skateboard decks are normally between 28 and 33 inches long. The bottom of the deck can be printed with a design by the maker or it can be blank. 

The longboard, a common different kind of skateboard, has a longer deck. This is mostly ridden down hills or by the beach. The longboard was made by two surfers; Ben Whatson and Jonny Drapper. One of the first deck companies was called "Drapped" taken from Jonny's second name. "Old school" boards (those made in the 1970s–80s) are mostly wider and often have only one kicktail. Different kinds of the 1970s often have little or no concavity, whereas 1980s models have deeper concavities and steeper kicktails.

The Skateboard deck concave is noted mainly in three types: low, medium, and high. While the low concave is having small curvature and makes the safe ride, but you can’t put more stress on the edges deck. Medium concave will easily found in the present market due to the high demand for a beginner. High concave is raised more at the edge, making it perfect for performing Flip tricks and Ollie. Medium concave is readily available in the market because it suits beginners, which keeps it always in demand.

Grip tape, when put on to the top of a skateboard, gives a skater's feet grip on the deck. It is most often black. However, it can come in many different colors like clear. Clear allows the top of the deck to be decorated. It has an adhesive back and a sandpaper like top.

Interstate 95

Interstate 95 (usually called 95) is a major Interstate highway that runs north to south in the eastern part of the United States. It is about long. Its southern end is at U.S. Route 1 in Miami, Florida and its northern end is at the Canadian border in Maine. It connects many major cities in the eastern half of the USA. It was finally completed in 2018.

Portions of the highway have or used to have tolls. Many parts of I-95 were made up of various toll roads that had already been constructed or planned, particularly in the northeast. Many of these routes still exist today, but some have removed their tolls.

Many notable bridges and tunnels along I-95 were also tolled. The Fuller Warren Bridge, spanning the St. Johns River in Jacksonville, Florida, was tolled until the 1980s and was replaced in 2002. The Fort McHenry Tunnel is underneath the harbor of Baltimore, Maryland and was opened in 1985. The George Washington Bridge, opened in 1931, carries I-95, US 1, US 9, and US 46 (latter is officially considered to end at the NY state line) across the Hudson River between New Jersey and Upper Manhattan.

A study that could lead to the imposition of tolls on I-95 in North Carolina is under way as of March 2010.

Federal legislation has identified I-95 through Connecticut as High Priority Corridor 65. A long-term multibillion-dollar program to upgrade the entire length of I-95 through Connecticut has been underway since the mid-1990s and is expected to continue through at least 2020. Several miles of I-95 through Bridgeport were recently widened and brought up to Interstate standards. Work has shifted to reconstructing and widening of I-95 through New Haven, which includes replacing the Pearl Harbor Memorial Bridge. Environmental studies for reconstructing and widening of I-95 from New Haven to the Rhode Island state line are also progressing.

There are plans to expand the I-95 corridor from Petersburg, Virginia, to Florida through a U.S. multi-state agreement to study how to improve the corridor through widening and reconstruction, with the goal of reducing congestion and improving overall safety for years to come.

Florida continues to complete widening projects. As of December 2010, I-95 from the South Carolina–Georgia line south to Jacksonville, Florida has been upgraded to six lanes. The section from Jacksonville to the I-4 junction in Daytona Beach was expanded to six lanes in 2005. As of 2009, widening projects continue in Brevard County from the SR 528 junction in Cocoa to Palm Bay, as well as in northern Palm Beach County.

In 2009, state legislators representing Maine's Aroostook County proposed using federal economic stimulus funds to extend I-95 north to Maine's northernmost border community of Fort Kent via Caribou and Presque Isle. The proposed route would parallel New Brunswick's four-lane, limited access Trans-Canada Highway on the U.S. side of the Canada–United States border. Legislators argued that extension of the Interstate would promote economic growth in the region.



U.S. Route 1

U.S. Route 1 (sometimes called US 1) is a major United States highway (U.S. Route) in the eastern part of the United States. Its northern end is at the Canadian border in Fort Kent, Maine and its southern end is at Key West, Florida. For most of its route, U.S. Route 1 runs next to Interstate 95. It connects many major cities in the Eastern United States, including Boston, New York, Philadelphia, Baltimore, Washington, DC, Richmond, Virginia, Raleigh, North Carolina, Augusta, Georgia, Jacksonville, Florida, and Miami. Parts of the road were built in the 1800s as the Boston Post Road and in the 1900s as the Atlantic Highway. Despite this, it is significantly further inland from Jacksonville to Petersburg, VA and in North Carolina and Virginia even parallels I-85.

Let It Be (Beatles album)

Let It Be is a 12th and final studio album it was release 8 May 1970 and movie, by rock band The Beatles. It was the last Beatles project finished before the band broke up.

After the "White Album" ("The Beatles") was released in late 1968, the Beatles talked about making a television special, where they would play songs from the album for an audience. It would be the band's first live public performance since 1966.

As 1969 began, the band decided instead to begin work on a new set of songs, and film the process of rehearsing and recording all the songs, then performing them live. The project was titled "Get Back", and a song by that name was worked up during rehearsals. The band agreed to perform all the songs without studio or , as they had long used.

The Beatles rented a at Twickenham Film Studios, where their instruments and equipment were set up. They were used to working from afternoons until late at night on music, but had to arrive between eight and ten o'clock in the morning, to meet the filming schedule. The band did not use this setup for long. The early hours and the cold, huge soundstage made them uncomfortable.

There was also between the Beatles, and it showed. The Beatles could not agree on where to perform the show, and for how large an audience. The suggested locations ranged from Los Angeles, California to Tunisia, and the size of the audience from a few dozen to thousands of people. Nobody had a location in mind that the rest liked, and George Harrison decided he did not want to perform a public concert at all.

Paul McCartney took charge of the rehearsals, and drove the band hard to play his new songs just the way he imagined them. The other Beatles became tired of this, because it did not give them much chance to , the way they were used to doing. George Harrison got especially tired of McCartney telling him what to play, and his own songs not getting the attention they deserved. John Lennon also had new songs, but was more interested in spending time with Yoko Ono than in making another Beatles record. He was also of Harrison's new songs. Yoko Ono gave her opinions on the band's music, which they were not used to hearing from anyone but their producer, George Martin. McCartney and Harrison Ono's being at Lennon's side constantly. Ringo Starr tried to play the peacemaker, but did not always succeed. Harrison walked out during one lunch break, saying he had had enough. The band stopped work on the production, and decided to find a new location to work.

Harrison went to a Beatles business meeting, a few days after he left the rehearsal. McCartney agreed to mend his ways, and let Harrison have more input. Lennon and Harrison also made up. The idea of finishing "Get Back" with a public show was dropped. Nobody wanted to return to the movie studio, and they began to look for another place to work on their new songs.

"Magic Alex", a Greek-born inventor, had been hired by the Beatles to build them a new recording studio, in the basement of the which was the home of their company, Apple Corps. Alex spent a great deal of money over many months, trying to make a first-rate facility. He did not understand recording or studio technology well, though, and the studio he made had many technical problems. The Beatles only found this out when they tried to use the place to record. Things did not work, and this added to the tension felt by the band, and the people who worked for them.

George Martin was able to help the Beatles, by working around the problems in the basement studio. He borrowed recording equipment so the band could finish their project. The movie cameras were also set up in the basement, and the Beatles went back to work on their music. This time things were as crowded as the first location was cavernous, and again the band and their crew were uncomfortable.

The Beatles usually "warmed up" by playing old songs they had learned growing up. Many of these were captured on camera or tape during the sessions. Not all the songs were complete, or true to their original versions. When the band went from playing old songs to trying out new ones, problems came up. Lennon, McCartney, and Harrison each wanted certain things for their music, and enough time to make the records the best they could be. This did not always work out, and they sometimes insulted each other for trying to outdo the others, or for letting their musical influences show. It made the sessions unpleasant.

George Harrison helped the of the band, when he brought a guest musician, Billy Preston, to the sessions. All of the Beatles liked Preston, and got along while he was there. He played keyboards along with the band, and gave the records a fuller sound. McCartney's girlfriend Linda brought her daughter Heather to the studio, and they helped cheer things up. Linda sang background vocals on "Let It Be", a gospel-like song by McCartney.

The question of where and when to finally perform the new songs was settled, when the Beatles decided to give a show on the roof of Apple headquarters. This happened on January 30, 1969, early in the afternoon. The Beatles performed for the movie cameras, and for anyone who could hear them outside.

As it happened, the music coming from the rooftop caused a traffic jam along Savile Row, where the building was located. Local police came to Apple, and tried to stop the show. Mal Evans, one of the Beatles's most trusted helpers, went downstairs and talked to the police, to stall them until the band could finish playing. After performing "Get Back", "Don't Let Me Down", "I've Got A Feeling", "One After 909", "Dig A Pony", and another version of "Get Back", the band went inside.

The next day, the Beatles gave another show, back in the Apple basement. This show was for the cameras, though, and not a live audience. They performed "Two of Us", "Don't Let Me Down", "Let it Be", "Get Back", and "The Long and Winding Road". Some of these songs were too hard to record outdoors, with their keyboard parts.

The movie crew shot more than a hundred hours of movie footage, which was more than enough to make a television special. The Beatles worked a little longer on the recordings of the "Get Back" songs, ending up with over twenty-nine hours of session tapes. The problem was, nobody was happy with the music that had come from the sessions. The band members had argued and disagreed on camera, and did not always make their best efforts on each other's songs, or to get along. This was plain to anyone who saw the footage, or listened to the dialogue between songs.

George Martin tried to remix the recordings, and make an album from the songs, while the Beatles' movie personnel tried to edit the movie footage into the TV special the band wanted. The band's problems were only magnified by the results, and they blamed each other, and the people who worked for them, for what showed. The Beatles decided to get rid of the project, and work on other things. Only one single was released from the sessions, with the songs "Get Back" and "Don't Let Me Down". Billy Preston's name appeared underneath the band's, and stories started that Preston might join the Beatles. He never did, but he signed a recording contract with Apple Records, their record label. The other songs stayed "in the can".

The "Get Back" project became another problem that was dividing the Beatles. There was also trouble with Apple Corps, and personal issues between the band members. They had begun to make music apart the year before, and this increased as they stopped getting along as people. McCartney and Lennon both married their girlfriends, and lost control of their publishing company, Northern Songs. George Harrison began to play with musicians outside the Beatles. Ringo Starr started a new career as an actor in movies. The Beatles issued a new single, with the songs "The Ballad of John and Yoko" and "Old Brown Shoe". John and Paul played on the first song, and George and Ringo on the second. They had stopped working as a unit, and George Martin stopped coming to recording sessions, which he had never done before.

During the summer of 1969, the Beatles felt sorry for the way the "Get Back" sessions had gone. They wanted to forget that time, and make another new album of songs, back at Abbey Road Studios. George Martin decided to come back, on the band's promise that they really would work together "like the old days", with Martin taking charge. The band kept their promise. "Abbey Road" was the result, and was issued in the early fall. As the record was being released, the Beatles met to discuss future projects. John Lennon, freshly back from his first non-Beatles concert, playing in Toronto, surprised everyone by announcing that he was quitting the band. He agreed to not make a public announcement, because this would have hurt the band's chance to their recording contract. Lennon instead focused on his and Yoko Ono's new group, the Plastic Ono Band.

At the end of the year, Apple told the Beatles that they would have to release some kind of album and program from the "Get Back" sessions. They had spent too much money on the project to just forget about it. Glyn Johns, a young music producer, tried to assemble an album from the session tapes, but he also could not please the Beatles. Anxious fans and insiders worked together and released a album from Johns's mix. Even though it was an album, it sold many copies and received radio airplay. The public wanted to hear the songs, good or bad.

Phil Spector, a legendary producer who predated the Beatles, had always wanted to work with them. Allen Klein brought Spector to England early in 1970 to meet them. John Lennon and George Harrison got along well with Spector, who produced a record of Lennon's song "Instant Karma!" the same day he wrote it. Lennon and Harrison gave their OK for Spector to work on the recordings, and Ringo Starr played along with the musicians Spector hired, to make overdubs. This went against the original plan to present the songs live, but was accepted to "sweeten" – and finish – the recordings.

An eighty-minute program was edited together from the movie footage, and the band decided it would make a better movie than a television show. The Beatles had a contract with United Artists, who agreed to distribute the movie, which was titled "Let it Be". (The "Get Back" title was dropped, since "Get Back" had already appeared as a single almost a year earlier.)

Some of the new songs that appeared in the movie, including "Across the Universe" and "I Me Mine", were not finished on record. A session was scheduled in January 1970 to record full versions of some songs, but John Lennon refused to attend. George Harrison made a joke about this, during a take of "I Me Mine", referring to Lennon as "Dave Dee", another British musician.

Spector applied his "Wall of Sound" style to the Beatles recordings, including an old tape of "Across the Universe", so it could appear on record. His finished album was listenable, and showed none of the troubles that affected the band during the sessions, but it did not sound the same as other Beatles albums. Paul McCartney hated the changes Spector made to his songs on the album, especially "The Long and Winding Road", but he could not stop the album from being issued.

Another problem was the timing of the record's release. Allen Klein had succeeded in remaking the Beatles's recording deal, and McCartney was not bound by the same promise Lennon had been, to not say he was leaving the band. His first solo album, finished early in 1970, included a press release stating that he had no further plans to work with the Beatles. This effectively broke up the band. He also wanted the album released ahead of "Let it Be".

Ringo Starr, who also had a solo record ("Sentimental Journey"), due to appear, was sent to ask McCartney to change his release date. The two argued, and McCartney threw Starr out of his house. The release schedule was changed, so McCartney could have his wish. Starr's album appeared earlier than planned, and "Let it Be" was pushed back from April to May.

"Let it Be" was both a hit movie and a hit album, and won a Grammy Award for Best Soundtrack. Paul McCartney accepted the award. The news that the Beatles were breaking up was very sad to their fans, however, and the knowledge made watching the movie a experience. Many fans and critics did not like Spector's changes to the Beatles style on record, and said so publicly.

A souvenir book was also issued, but instead of being a real document of the sessions, the book was and heavily edited, and reflected little of what was intended. It never appeared in the United States.

Late in 1970, John Lennon issued a solo album, "John Lennon/Plastic Ono Band", which made his feelings plain in its last song, "God": Lennon sang "I don't believe in Beatles." He gave a long interview to "Rolling Stone" magazine, which was later published as a book, "Lennon Remembers". He told his side of the "Let it Be" story, declared "That movie was set up by Paul, for Paul", and said he regretted not announcing that he quit the Beatles first.

When home video came along in the 1970s, "Let it Be" became a popular rental and sales title. Over time, the Beatles asserted their copyright control over the movie, and copies were withdrawn. The movie has been planned as a reissue many times, but has yet to be officially released on DVD.

In 2003, recording engineers went back to the old session tapes, and used to make a new version of the familiar "Let it Be" songs. The new version was close to what the Beatles had wanted to make in the first place, and had none of Spector's post-production work. The album was issued as "Let it Be... Naked", and was praised as a "real"-sounding recording.


Tiger Woods

Eldrick Tont "Tiger" Woods (born December 30, 1975) is an American professional golfer. His achievements, which include winning 70 tournaments on the PGA Tour, including 14 major championships, make him the best golfer of all time.

Woods was born in Cypress, California. His parents Kultida (Tida) (born 1944) and Earl Woods (1932–2006). He is the only child of their marriage. He does have two half-brothers, Earl Jr. (born 1955) and Kevin (born 1957) and a half-sister, Royce (born 1958) from the 18-year marriage of Earl Woods and his first wife, Barbara Woods Gray. Earl, a retired lieutenant colonel and Vietnam War veteran, was of mostly African-American, as well as Caucasian and possible Native American and Chinese ancestry. Kultida (née Punsawad), originally from Thailand (where Earl had met her on a tour of duty in 1968), is of mixed Dutch, Chinese and Thai ancestry.

He refers to his ethnic make-up as ""Cablinasian"" (a syllabic abbreviation he coined from Caucasian, Black, American Indian and Asian).

He is brought up as a Buddhist from childhood.

On February 23, 2021, Woods was involved in a serious car accident in Rancho Palos Verdes, California. He suffered from multiple leg injuries and had surgery for non-life threatening injuries.


House of Commons of Canada

The House of Commons (French: "Chambre des communes") is the lower house of the Parliament of Canada. The House of Commons is an elected body, of 338 members, who are known as "Members of Parliament" (MPs). Members are elected for a maximum of four years at a time. Each member is elected by one of the country's federal electoral districts which are usually called "ridings".

The House of Commons was established in 1867, when the British North America Act 1867 created the Dominion of Canada, and was modelled on the British House of Commons. The House of Commons is sometimes called the "lower house", even though it has more power than the "upper house", the Senate. Both Houses is must agree to new laws but the Senate very rarely rejects bills passed by the Commons (though the Senate does occasionally amend bills). The Government of Canada is responsible only to the House of Commons. The Prime Minister stays in office only as long as he or she has the support of the Lower House. 

The Canadian House of Commons is in the Centre Block of the Parliament Buildings on Parliament Hill, in Ottawa, Ontario.

Unlike the Parliament of the United Kingdom, the powers of the Parliament of Canada are limited, because provincial legislatures have the sole right to pass laws about some things.

Until 1982 only the Parliament of the United Kingdom had the power to change the British North America Act, this was to protect the rights and powers of the provincial legislatures. This was changed by the Canada Act. In Canada the British North America Act is now called the Constitution Act. 

A lot of the work of the House of Commons is done by committees which can spend more time investigating a subject than the whole House of Commons could

The table below shows how many seats each political party has in the Parliament. Many of the MPs were elected in the 2019 election.


Riboflavin

Riboflavin is one of the B vitamins (vitamin B). The B and C vitamins are the vitamins that dissolve in water. A healthy person's gut can easily take riboflavin from food and pass it on to the blood for the body to use. The body needs the B vitamins to get energy from food. Without riboflavin and the other B vitamins people's bodies cannot use fats, carbohydrates, and proteins. Light can break down riboflavin molecules into other molecules that the body cannot use.

If anyone eats too much riboflavin, the gut does not take up enough
to make a person sick, but an injection with too much riboflavin can make one sick. The kidneys take riboflavin out of the blood. They put it in the urine to get it out of the body. If there is much riboflavin in the urine, the urine becomes bright, yellow. Vitamin pills, or a meal with a lot of liver or egg white turns the urine yellow because these foods put so much riboflavin into the blood.

People may get very sick when their food does not have enough riboflavin. Adding extra riboflavin help. Baby foods, breakfast cereals, pasta, sauces, fruit drinks, and foods such as cheese that are made from milk may have extra riboflavin added. This is called fortification. To make Vitamin B2 for vitamin pills or to add to foods, industrial companies grow special yeasts, other fungi, or bacteria that make a lot of riboflavin.
These foods have a lot of riboflavin:


Earl Marshal

The Earl Marshal is a member of the British Royal Household, and is in charge of organising royal ceremonies and processions. The Earl Marshal is not a member of the College of Arms, but he must give his permission before the College of Arms can issue a coat of arms. 

The Earl Marshal is always the Duke of Norfolk, and because he is Earl Marshal, the Duke of Norfolk is a member of the House of Lords, without being elected by the other hereditary peers.

Crysis (video game)

Crysis is a first person shooter computer game involving science fiction. In the game, humans must survive an invasion by aliens. This is the first game to use all of the features of DirectX 10. It's a free-to-explore game. This game takes place in 2020 on an island south of China that is hit by a meteor. Both the North Korean and American army gets involved, but the North Korean Army gets there first. Both armies later find out that the meteor is an alien ship. At that time an alien invasion threatens the whole world. Meanwhile, the American forces attack the island to take control from the Koreans.


You play a soldier called Nomad. You and three soldiers look for missing people on an island. You find that Koreans attacked the island. America attacks the island. In the middle of the fighting, aliens come out of a mountain. Aliens then make a cold sphere (ball shape) on the island. America shoots a nuke at the sphere. The sphere becomes bigger, because it took the energy from the explosion. You then fight a big alien on a big ship.

The publisher is EA Games and it is developed by Crytek. It was released on November 16 2007. A sequel, "Crysis 2", was released in March 2011.


Peerage

A peer is a member of the nobility. It is sometimes used instead of 'Lord'. In formal or old British documents, the House of Lords is called the House of Peers.

In the United Kingdom there are five ranks of the peerage:


Informally Barons, Viscounts, Earls and Marquesses are called lords, and instead of their name when speaking to them, the term 'my lord' is used. A Duke is never called a lord. 'Your grace' is used for a Duke.

Since 2004 a list of peers has been kept by the Lord Chancellor and Secretary of State for Justice. This list, called the Roll of Peerage had to be kept to prove who was a peer. The list of members of the House of Lords used to be the same until the hereditary peers were excluded. Official documents can only call someone a peer if their name is on the Peerage Roll.

Sorting out which peer should precede ("come in front of") in a procession or other event depends on three different things:

The only exceptions are the royal dukes, and the Duke of Abercorn.

Fertility

Fertility is the natural capability to give life. In humans and animals, fertility means that the parent can produce babies.

More precisely, fertility is the capacity of an individual or population to produce viable offspring. By 'viable' is meant 'able to live and reproduce'.

In agriculture, fertility means that a soil can support the growth of plants because it contains the right minerals and nutrients.

Fertility can also be used as a metaphor: having a "fertile imagination" means being able to think of many new and interesting things.

As a measure, fertility rate is the number of children born per couple, or person or population. This is different to fecundity. This is defined as the "potential" for reproduction (influenced by gamete production, fertilisation and carrying a pregnancy to term. In English language, the term was originally applied only to females, but increasingly is applied to males as well, as common understanding of reproductive mechanisms increases and the importance of the male role is better known. Infertility is a deficient fertility.

Human fertility depends on factors of nutrition, sexual behavior, culture, instinct, endocrinology, timing, economics, way of life, and emotions. Animal fertility is no less complex, and may display astounding mechanisms.

In the United States, the average age of menarche (first period) is about 12.5 years. However, in most girls, menarche does not signal that ovulation has occurred. In postmenarchal girls, about 80% of the cycles are anovulatory in the first year after menarche, 50% in the third and 10% in the sixth year. 
Women's fertility peaks between ages 22–26, and after 35 it starts to sharply decline.

Birth rates have been noted by Henri Leridon, PhD, as an epidemiologist with the French Institute of Health and Medical Research. Of women trying to get pregnant, without using fertility drugs or "in vitro" fertilization:


The use of fertility drugs and/or "in vitro" fertilization can increase the chances of becoming pregnant at a later age.

There is evidence that male reproduction abilities are reduced with higher age.
Sperm count is becoming smaller with age, with men aged 50–80 years producing 75% of sperm compared with 20–50 years old males.
If the sperm count is too low, a man could increase it with herbal and chemical supplements.
Even larger change can be seen in the number of seminiferous tubules produced by males at different age stages:


When a person is infertile it means that they are unable to have a child naturally. Infertility is define as the inability to fall pregnant or carry a pregnancy until birth after 12 months or more of unprotected sex. About 10% of people are infertile. This means that 1 in 10 people will not be able to conceive a child naturally. There are many causes of infertility some of them can be treated. As a woman gets older, her fertility declines. After menopause a woman is no longer fertile.


Fin de siècle

Fin de siècle means turn of the century in French. It is widely used for the time around 1900, but also for the closing of an old era, and the start of a new one. 

Fin de siècle is sometimes used to mean the type of art, culture and way of behaving at the end of the nineteenth century.
This age was felt to be a period of degeneration, and sometimes simultaneously a time of hope for a new beginning. 

The "spirit" of fin de siècle often refers to the cultural hallmarks that were recognized as prominent in the 1880s and 1890s, including 'pessimism', and a widespread belief that civilization leads to decadence.

The themes of fin de siècle political culture were very controversial and have been cited as a major influence on fascism. The major political theme of the era was that of revolt against materialism, rationalism, positivism, bourgeois society and liberal democracy.


Postmodernism

Postmodernism is a way of thinking about culture, philosophy, art and many other things. The term has been used in many different ways at different times, but there are some things in common.

Postmodernism says that there is no real truth. It says that knowledge is always made or invented and not discovered. Because knowledge is made by people, a person cannot know something for sure - all ideas and facts are 'believed' instead of 'known'. People believe that they know what the truth is, but they will think that the truth is something different later. This is the opposite of 'objectivity', which says that the truth is always there and people have to discover it.

Since postmodernism says that the truth is just a thing that people invent, people can believe different things and think it is the truth and all be right. Postmodernism says that one person should not try to make another person believe what he believes, because it means nothing to say that one belief is right and the other is wrong. Postmodernism says that if somebody has a belief and tries to make somebody else believe it also, it means that they are just trying to have power over them.

Starting with the 18th century Enlightenment and into the early 20th century, many people believed that science and new knowledge would make the world better. When scientists or philosophers discovered something new, it would always make society a little bit better. They thought that social progress could not be stopped. Modernism especially believed this. But postmodernism says that there is no real social progress. It says that while some things about the world change, people only want to believe that the world is better than it was. It changes but does not get better, because there is no 'better.'

Postmodernism says that since peoples' opinions change, and since one person's opinion cannot be more right than another, it means nothing to say that (for example) one work of art is better than any other. Postmodernism says that art, music, and literature, for example, can be anything that its maker says that it is. Postmodern art and literature commonly talk about themselves and make fun of themselves. They make fun of 'serious' art and even the idea of art. Postmodernism has influenced many cultural fields, including literary criticism, philosophy, sociology, linguistics, architecture, visual arts, and music.

The term postmodernism was first commonly used in 1949 to talk about modern architecture. Many people did not like modern architecture because it had too many box-like shapes and people did not think it was pretty. Some of them started the postmodern architecture movement. Postmodern architecture uses surface ornament, historical reference, and fewer box-like shapes.

Postmodernist ideas can be seen in philosophy, the study of culture and society, literature, architecture, design, as well as in history and law. Postmodernism also led people to think differently about love, marriage, popular culture, and the change in much of the Western world from an industrial to service economy. 

The term "postmodernity" usually means the period of time when postmodern ideas became common (the second half of the 20th century). Some experts think that postmodernism is now over, especially in literature.

The term "Postmodernism" is often used to refer to different, sometimes contradictory (they cannot both be right) concepts. Common definitions are:


Because the term postmodernism can be used to talk about so many different things and can mean many different things, some people say that it is only a buzzword that means nothing. Dick Hebdige, in his book ‘Hiding in the Light’, writes:
"When it becomes possible for a people to describe as ‘postmodern’ the décor of a room, the design of a building, the diegesis of a film, the construction of a record, or a ‘scratch’ video, a television commercial, or an arts documentary, or the ‘intertextual’ relations between them, the layout of a page in a fashion magazine or critical journal, an anti-teleological tendency within epistemology, the attack on the ‘metaphysics of presence’, a general attenuation of feeling, the collective chagrin and morbid projections of a post-War generation of baby boomers confronting disillusioned middle-age, the ‘predicament’ of reflexivity, a group of rhetorical tropes, a proliferation of surfaces, a new phase in commodity fetishism, a fascination for images, codes and styles, a process of cultural, political or existential fragmentation and/or crisis, the ‘de-centring’ of the subject, an ‘incredulity towards metanarratives’, the replacement of unitary power axes by a plurality of power/discourse formations, the ‘implosion of meaning’, the collapse of cultural hierarchies, the dread engendered by the threat of nuclear self-destruction, the decline of the university, the functioning and effects of the new miniaturised technologies, broad societal and economic shifts into a ‘media’, ‘consumer’ or ‘multinational’ phase, a sense (depending on who you read) of ‘placelessness’ or the abandonment of placelessness (‘critical regionalism’) or (even) a generalised substitution of spatial for temporal coordinates - when it becomes possible to describe all these things as ‘Postmodern’ (or more simply using a current abbreviation as ‘post’ or ‘very post’) then it’s clear we are in the presence of a buzzword".

British historian Perry Anderson says that postmodernism is an important concept and is important for the study of contemporary (current) culture.

Michel Foucault and Jacques Derrida are sometimes said to be the philosophers of Postmodernism even though neither of them used the word Postmodern to describe themselves. (Derrida used the word deconstruction instead).




Eraser

An eraser, or a rubber, is a tool made from rubber that is used to get rid of marks made from a pencil, or some types of pen. Another kind of eraser is made of felt and is used to remove chalk marks from a blackboard. Some may also be automatically be attached to a pencil, or could be bought to be shoved on a top of a pencil. Erasers can be used by rubbing the mistake and it will slowly clear away. All erasers will produce some dust called debris after rubbing and it will usually be black as it cleared away the pencil marks. Some erasers produce a lot of dust while some produce dust that all stick together. There are some good-quality erasers which are very soft and can erase easily, while some are very hard, and a lot of rubbing is needed. The classic pink eraser is made for smaller, lighter errors, whereas a thick, white eraser is made for bigger and/or darker marks.

Sercquiais

Sercquiais, also known as Sarkese or Sark-French (Lé Sèrtchais), is a language which is spoken on the island of Sark. It is a Norman language. Only 400 people can speak it, and a few more can understand it. It is a lot like Jerriais, a language spoken on an island called Jersey.

Jèrriais

Jèrriais is a language that is spoken in Jersey. Some people call it Jersey French. Just over 2000 people speak it. It is a Norman language. 3% of the people in Jersey speak it, and around 15% can understand it.

In the 19th century, almost everyone in Jersey could speak Jèrriais. Then, people stopped learning it, and it nearly became extinct. These days, lots of people are trying to get more people to speak the language. Now, signposts and road signs on Jersey are written in Jèrriais and English.

Auregnais

Auregnais, Aoeur'gnaeux or Aurignais was the Norman dialect of the island of Alderney. It became extinct in the mid-20th century. People think it became extinct because people did not bother to speak it nor learn it.

Colwyn Bay

Colwyn Bay (Welsh: Bae Colwyn) is a town, community and seaside resort on the north coast of Wales, in the Conwy County Borough.

The 2011 UK census revealed the community had a population of 34,284.

The town is dominated by the tourist trade, because of its famous beaches. Colwyn Bay is a Fairtrade Town as certified by the Fairtrade Foundation as part of the Fairtrade Towns scheme.

The town had a famous pier which was extremely popular with tourists and visitors. However, Victoria Pier was closed to the public in 2009 after a dispute between Conwy County Borough Council and the pier's owner led to him being declared bankrupt. In January 2017, the lower end of the pier partially collapsed into the sea and Conwy Council announced plans to dismantle and store the pier, with a view of restoring it in the future. The pier was demolished in May 2018. 

Maple syrup urine disease

Maple syrup urine disease (MSUD) is a genetic medical disorder. It causes a problem with how the human body deals with amino acids. It is also called branched chain ketoaciduria. Maple syrup urine disease affects about 1 in 185,000 infants worldwide.

The most noticeable symptom of the disorder is an infant with sweet-smelling urine. Infants with this disease seem healthy at birth. If the disease is not treated, the person will suffer severe brain damage and eventually die. MSUD is much more common in children of Amish and Mennonite descent.

From a very early age, the condition can be recognised by poor feeding, vomiting, lack of energy, seizures, and mental health issues. The urine of infants with this disease has a very sweet odor, much like burned caramel or maple syrup. This is what gives the condition its name.


Anglesey

Anglesey () is an island and county in Wales. There is a village there called Llanfairpwllgwyngyllgogerychwyrndrobwllllantysiliogogogoch. It is the longest place name in the United Kingdom. The island has a population of 68,900 people. Its largest town is Holyhead.

Around 7 out of 10 people on Anglesey speak Welsh, which is quite high. There are many small villages on the island. Anglesey is the home of Actress Naomi Watts, and founder of the English rock band Motörhead, Ian "Lemmy" Kilmister.

Anglesey does not have a capital. Instead, it has a County Council Office in the town of Llangefni. It was once famous for its markets. There are lots of good beaches on the island. A ferry between the island and Ireland is located at Holyhead which is the largest town on the island. There is also a small tidal island called Llanddwyn island. On the island there are ruins of a church, a large lighthouse and a Christian cross. Anglesey is quite a flat island but there are several hills near the middle of the island and one larger hill in the west of the island.

The oldest suspension bridge carrying a main road joins Anglesey to the rest of Wales. It is called the Menai Bridge and is shares its name with the town on the Anglesey end of the bridge.

Llanfairpwllgwyngyllgogerychwyrndrobwllllantysiliogogogoch is a village that is known for it's long name


Plateosaurus

Plateosaurus is a prosauropod dinosaur genus. They lived during the Upper Triassic period, around 214 to 294 million years ago in what is now Europe.

They were very common in their day. Over 100 skeletons have been found, some of them nearly complete. Many fossils have come from Swabia, Germany.

"Plateosaurus" was the first long-necked plant eater in the Triassic. An adult "Plateosaurus" could weigh up to and grow long. They had plump plant-crushing teeth, powerful hind limbs, short but muscular arms and grasping hands with large claws on three fingers. They probably used their sharp thumb claws to defend themselves against predators.

The explanation of the large number of skeletons is that the areas were probably mud-traps.

Cotton Mather

Cotton Mather (February 12, 1663 – February 13, 1728) was a politically important Puritan minister and writer. He lived in North America before the creation of the United States in the area that is now known as Boston, Massachusetts. Cotton Mather was the son of minister Increase Mather. He is most well known for his connection to the Salem witch trials.


Linda McCartney

Linda Louise McCartney, Lady McCartney (née Eastman; September 24, 1941 – April 17, 1998) was the first wife of musician Paul McCartney. She was the mother of artists Heather McCartney and Mary McCartney, fashion designer Stella McCartney, and musician James McCartney. Her father was attorney Lee Eastman, whose law partner was his son (Linda's brother) John Eastman. Her mother was Louise Linder, who was an heiress to a department store fortune.

Linda grew up in Scarsdale, New York, and attended Sarah Lawrence College. She enjoyed music, and sang girl group songs with friends. When The Beatles became famous in America, she attended one of their concerts. She never considered a musical career.

Linda married got married to a geologist, John See, and they had a daughter, named Heather. See wanted to move to Africa to work, and take his wife and daughter. Linda did not want to go, and they were divorced. She became a photographer, and took pictures for magazines and the press.

Before long, she began to photograph rock bands and singers. She became well known for this. The Rolling Stones once made her the exclusive photographer for one of their public appearances. In time, she visited England, to photograph the pop stars there.

Linda had been attracted most of all to John Lennon of the Beatles when she first saw them. In person, though, she was charmed more by another Beatle, Paul McCartney, when they met. McCartney was engaged to actress Jane Asher, but she wanted to wait to have children, and McCartney did not. Their engagement ended. McCartney loved to spend time with Linda's daughter Heather, and the three of them seemed to make a family. Linda and Heather moved into McCartney's home during 1968.

Late, in 1968, Linda became pregnant. She and McCartney were married, and had a baby (named Mary after McCartney's own mother) the next year. During this same time, the Beatles were growing apart. They had business problems, and no longer had the same kinds of plans or hopes. Linda hoped her father and brother, whose clients were mostly entertainment personalities, could help solve the business problems. The fact that they were her family (and now McCartney's, by marriage) did not put the other Beatles at ease. They chose Allen Klein to represent them instead. Klein and the Eastmans did not get along, and this caused further problems. The Beatles began to break up late in 1969.

Besides the band's problems, Paul McCartney and John Lennon had grown apart personally. Lennon divorced his first wife Cynthia in 1968, and started a relationship with Japanese artist Yoko Ono. They were also married in 1969. Lennon and Ono spent as much time as possible together, and McCartney often felt out of place. McCartney and Linda also spent a lot of time together, but separated to work on their own projects. Linda and Yoko did not get along well, but each supported their men, and encouraged them to believe in themselves. Later, some fans blamed one or both women for breaking up the Beatles, but their role was not crucial to that. It was one of many factors that drove the band apart.

Paul McCartney suffered from depression for a time, when the Beatles ended. It had been his longtime band, made up of good friends, and he had lost both. He turned to his family for comfort. Linda and their children were always there. McCartney and Lennon argued in the media, and Linda also took verbal jabs at Lennon and Yoko Ono. Surprisingly, when they met in person, everyone usually acted in a completely different way, and were kind to each other.

Linda began to sing with her husband, and to help him to write new songs. He wanted her to do this, and liked her input. He also wanted to perform again for small audiences, as the Beatles had done in their early days. He taught Linda to play piano, so she could share in the experience. Linda did not become a virtuoso musician or singer, but she added to the sound of McCartney's new band, which he called Wings. The couple enjoyed performing together, as part of a band.

Adding other musicians, Wings began to play small shows, sometimes turning up at a school or club in the morning and asking to play, for no charge. As they played more, they began to give regular concerts, and to go on tours. The McCartneys would bring their children along during their school vacations. The McCartney children did not realise their parents were celebrities, and the family atmosphere between all of them was strong.

Although now a musician, Linda continued her photography, and published books of her works. She and McCartney also became vegetarians, out of their love of animals. Linda became an advocate for animal rights and related causes. She learned and made recipes for vegetarian meals, and began to write cookbooks.

After Wings ended, Linda still recorded and performed with her husband, but she was now recognized as an activist for social causes, and for charity work. She launched a line of vegetarian frozen dinners. They became popular, and in time made Linda wealthy on her own. Paul McCartney was knighted in 1997, and Linda was named Lady McCartney.

In 1995, she was diagnosed with breast cancer, which McCartney's mother died of in 1956. Medicine had advanced since that time, but Linda died of breast cancer in 1998, at the Arizona ranch she owned with her husband. A memorial service was held in London, England, and former Beatles George Harrison and Ringo Starr attended, marking the last time they and Paul McCartney appeared and performed together in public.

Fethiye

Fethiye is a city and district in the Mugla Province in Turkey. It is on the "Turquoise Coast". 59,425 people live there. There is a big harbor in the town and a marina. There are no beaches in Fethiye town, but there are many nice beaches around Oludeniz, a nearby town. There is a number of different places to stay including hotels.

The ancient name for the town was Telmessos. There are a number of historic sites including rock tombs. These were dug into cliffs by the Lycians. The tomb of Amnytas was built in the 4th century BC. Next to the harbor is a castle built by the Knights of Rhodes. In nearby villages there are also many historic sites including a temple to Apollo at Letoon, which is a World Heritage Site.


N-Dubz

N-Dubz are a British hip hop and R&B group based in Camden Town, London. They released four albums, including a greatest hits album. They were signed to All Around the World records. They were featured on Tinchy Stryder's number one single, "Number 1".

All of the members of N-Dubz attended school at St Johns Wood Secondary in Camden Town. They came together as a group managed by Costadinos "Dino" Contostavlos's father, Byron Contostavlos (formerly of Mungo Jerry), who died on 12 April 2007. They described him as the "inspiration behind the band". The band is made up of Dino, known as Dappy and Tula, known as Tulisa, who are cousins and their best friend Richard, known better as Fazer. Each appeared on Channel 4's Dubplate Drama after they began to be noticed as a group. Performing as the Lickle Rinsers Crew, they released the singles "Bad Man Riddim" and "Life Is Getting Sicker by the Day". Both became hits on English pirate radio stations. Their last independent release, "Better Not Waste My Time", was number one on Channel U for 5 weeks before dropping out and then rising again. They have received 3 MOBO awards, for Best Newcomer, Best Act, and Best Album. They won the Digital Award at 02 Silver Clef Awards in 2008.

Tulisa is the singer and mostly sings the choruses and second verses as well as ad-libbing, saying 'uh-oh, uh-oh' at the beginning of many N-Dubz tracks. She also sometimes sings the first verse on the group's songs. Her real name is Tula Paulina Contostavlos.

Fazer is the co-producer and writer of the group. He raps as well but his main role is to produce in-studio beats and produce the tracks. His real name is Rayan Rawson and he is of Jamaican and English heritage. He has a daughter.

Dappy is of Greek ancestry and is most famous for what has been dubbed the "Dappy Hat", he is the lead rapper. His real name is Costadinos Contostavlos. He always opens his songs with the words "Na na naii". He has two sons.

Subclass

Subclass could mean:


66

66 is a common year in the 1st century.


70

70 is a year in the 1st century.


674

674 was a common year.


Pachycephalosaurus

Pachycephalosaurus was a genus of dinosaur which lived during the last five million years of the Upper Cretaceous. It lived in what is now North America. 

This member of the Pachycephalosaurid family is known from a single skull and a few thick skull roofs. From this it is estimated that its length was about 4.5 to 5 metres long (about 15 feet). 

"Pachycephalosaurus" was a herbivore. It lived on a mixed diet of leaves, seeds, and fruit. The sharp, serrated teeth would have been very effective for shredding plants.

Utopia

Utopia is a name for an imaginary community or society with a perfect system of laws and politics. 

Sir Thomas More invented the word for his 1516 book "Utopia". The book was about a fictional island in the southern Atlantic Ocean. The word has been used to describe both a perfect society, and societies in literature. A related idea is dystopia, the opposite of a dystopia.

There have been many utopias based on politics, economics, religion, ecology. Some of these have been propagated in books and pamphlets, some as actual communities. In practice, attempts to create utopias seem doomed, as good intentions run against problems. Most of the literary utopias are actually satires of existing societies. There were several attempts to create such perfect societies (they did not work). The word utopia can also refer to a society of such an attempt.

Utopia is Greek for "no place"; related words include eutopia, meaning "good place" in Greek, paradise, Shangra La and Xanadu.

The ideas Christians, Jews and Muslims have of the Garden of Eden, and of Heaven can be seen as such utopias.


Jeff Hardy

Jeffrey Nero Hardy (born August 31, 1977) is an American professional wrestler, painter and musician. He is currently signed to All Elite Wrestling (AEW). He is also known for his time with the World Wrestling Federation/WWE and Total Nonstop Action Wrestling. He is a six-time world champion, the ninth Grand Slam champion in WWE and a 21-time tag team champion with his older brother Matt Hardy.

Hardy says that Sting, The Ultimate Warrior, and Shawn Michaels were the reasons why he wanted to get into wrestling as a child. Jeff was on WWE (then known as the World Wrestling Federation, WWF) television as early as age 16. His first WWF match was against The 1-2-3 Kid and came on May 25, 1994 in Erie, Pennsylvania. Early on, Jeff, along with his brother Matt and friends, started their own wrestling organization, the TWF (Trampoline Wrestling Federation). In it they would perform many of the moves they saw on TV. The federation eventually became a part of a county fair in North Carolina, U.S.. Jeff, Matt, and friends then began to work for other independent wrestling companies. They drove all over the East Coast of the United States, working for many small companies.

The Hardy brothers eventually caught the eyes of the World Wrestling Federation. Jeff was only 16 at the time. After being signed to a contract in 1998, they were trained by Dory Funk, Jr. in his Funkin' Dojo. They were trained with other notable wrestlers such as Kurt Angle, Christian, Test, and Matt Bloom. When the team was finally brought up to WWF TV, they formed the tag team called The Hardy Boyz. During this time, they were managed by Michael Hayes. In 1999, they fought mainly with Edge and Christian.

The team of Matt and Jeff won the WWF/E Tag Team Championship six times. Because of this, they would be known as one of the most successful tag teams in WWF/E history. In 2000, Matt and Jeff found a new manager in their real-life friend Lita. Together, the three became known as "Team Extreme".

Jeff was well known for his high risk stunts in many of the Hardy Boys' matches. He made a name for himself because of the risks he took during this time. In 2001, Jeff would also hold the WWF Intercontinental, Light Heavyweight and Hardcore Championships.

After years in the tag team division, Jeff fought The Undertaker in a Ladder match for the Championship. Jeff did not win, but earned the Undertaker's respect. He competed for singles titles several times, but did not win.

Jeff was released from WWE on April 22, 2003. The reasons given for the release were Jeff's strange behavior, drug use, and not showing up for matches. Hardy also said "burn out" and the need for time off were reasons for leaving WWE.

He started wrestling in Total Nonstop Action Wrestling on June 23, 2004 at the TNA pay-per-view, the "Second Anniversary Show". He was in a match against A.J. Styles for the X - Division title. The match ended in a no-contest when Kid Kash and Dallas interfered. Hardy returned to TNA on July 21 and was given a chance to fight for the NWA World Heavyweight Championship. Hardy challenged for the title on September 8 but lost to NWA World Heavyweight Champion Jeff Jarrett.

On August 4 2006, WWE announced that Hardy was working with the company again. He returned on the August 21 episode of "RAW". On the day of his return, Hardy defeated Edge by disqualification when Lita pulled Edge out of the ring. After failing to win the Intercontinental Championship from Johnny Nitro over the next few weeks, Hardy finally defeated Nitro to win his second Intercontinental Championship on the October 2 edition of "RAW". On the November 6 episode of "RAW", Hardy lost the Intercontinental Championship back to Nitro, but won it again on the November 13 edition of "RAW". This started Hardy's third reign as Intercontinental Champion.

On the November 21 episode of "ECW" Jeff teamed with his brother Matt for the first time in almost five years to defeat the Full Blooded Italians.

Still feuding with Nitro in 2007, he was challenged once again at New Year's Revolution 2007 for the Intercontinental Championship. Hardy once again defeated Nitro. He later lost the title to Umaga. On the September 3 edition of "RAW", Jeff successfully captured his 4th WWE Intercontinental Championship by defeating Umaga for the title. At Armageddon 2007, Hardy beat Triple H to get a WWE Championship match at the Royal Rumble. This match was seen to many as the most important match of Hardy's career, as his win against Triple H moved Hardy into the top level of the roster and the race for the WWE Championship. However, he lost to Randy Orton at the Royal Rumble. At No Way Out on February 17, Jeff Hardy came second in the Elimination Chamber match, being beaten by Triple H. He was going to WrestleMania XXIV to fight in the Money in the Bank ladder match. Jeff lost the Intercontinental Championship to Chris Jericho on the March 10 edition of "RAW". The next day, it was confirmed that he had been put on 60-day suspension, as he failed his second drug test. This meant that he did not compete at WrestleMania.

Hardy returned in the May 12, 2008 edition of "RAW", when General Manager William Regal told him he was to pay for his "sins" by fighting Umaga. He won with a ""Whisper in the Wind"""." On December 14, 2008 at Armageddon, he won the WWE Championship, his first world championship. During the next month, he had several accidents, including a car accident and a pyrotechnics accident. Hardy's brother, Matt was revealed as the person behind the accidents, and interfered in his match at the Royal Rumble, causing Hardy to lose the WWE Championship to Edge. Matt defeated Hardy in an Extreme Rules match at WrestleMania XXV, but Hardy defeated Matt in an "I Quit" match at Backlash. At WWE Extreme Rules, Hardy defeated Edge in a ladder match to win the World Heavyweight Championship, but lost the championship immediately afterwards to CM Punk, who cashed in his Money in the Bank briefcase. He then was in a two-month feud with CM Punk. Ultimately, he lost when he entered a Loser Leaves Town Match in a steel cage.

Hardy returned to TNA on January 4, 2010. On March 8, he saved Hulk Hogan and D'Angelo Dinero. He returned when he defeated the TNA World Heavyweight Champion AJ Styles in a non-title match. On April 4th, he was revealed as part of Hulk Hogan's team for Lockdown. At the event Team Hogan (Hardy, Abyss, Jeff Jarrett and Rob Van Dam) defeated Team Flair (Sting, Desmond Wolfe, Robert Roode and James Storm). On October 10, 2010, Hardy won the vacant TNA World Heavyweight Championship at Bound For Glory and became part of Hogan and Eric Bischoff's stable Immortal. This started Hardy's first long run as a heel. He held the title for 91 days, losing it to Mr. Anderson on January 9, 2011, before winning it back in a ladder match at Against All Odds on February 13, 2011. On February 24, he lost the title to Sting.

At No Surrender on September 9, 2012, he won the Bound for Glory Series for a right to a title match at Bound for Glory. There he defeated Austin Aries on October 14, 2012 and won the title for the third time. At Lockdown on March 10, 2013, he lost the title to Bully Ray. 

On March 9, 2014 at Lockdown, Hardy made his return under the ring name Willow. On July 24, Kurt Angle announced the return of Jeff Hardy with his old ring name. After his brother Matt returned to TNA, they formed a tag team again. On the April 17, 2015 edition of Impact, taped on March 14, The Hardys won an Ultimate X match for the vacant TNA World Tag Team Championship against Austin Aries and Bobby Roode, Bram and Ethan Carter III, and the Beatdown Clan (Kenny King and Low Ki). On May 8, 2015, the Hardys had to give up the TNA World Tag Team Championship because Jeff was injured and it was impossible for the Hardys to defend the titles. After his brother became a heel in 2016, they started a feud with each other. The feud ended on July 5, 2016, when Jeff lost to his brother, forcing Jeff to remove the Hardy name. For a while he performed under the ring name Brother Nero and had to serve as an assistant to Matt Hardy. The brothers then feuded against Decay (Abyss and Crazzy Steve) for the TNA World Tag Team Championship. At Bound for Glory, the Hardys defeated Decay in what was called "The Great War" to win the TNA World Tag Team Championship for a second time. On February 27, the Hardys announced they would leave TNA and the TNA World Tag Team Championships were vacated.

On April 2, 2017, Jeff and his brother Matt made their surprise return to the WWE at WrestleMania 33. In a Fatal Four Way Tag Team Ladder Match against reigning champions Karl Anderson & Luke Gallows, The Bar (Cesaro & Sheamus) and Big Cass & Enzo Amore, the Hardy Boyz won the Raw Tag Team Championship. They lost the titles to The Bar at Extreme Rules on June 4, 2017 after a 63-day reign. On April 16, 2018, Hardy won the WWE United States Championship from Jinder Mahal on Raw. As part of the 2018 Superstar Shake-Up, Hardy and his championship moved from Raw to SmackDown. After 90 days, Hardy lost his United States title to Shinsuke Nakamura on July 15, 2018. On April 9, 2019, Hardy and his brother Matt won their ninth championship together in WWE: They beat The Usos for the SmackDown Tag Team Championship on the first edition of SmackDown after the major event WrestleMania 35. However, their reign ended after just 21 days as they gave up the titles because of an injury to Jeff. 

On March 13, 2020, almost after a year of his injury, Hardy made his comeback to SmackDown. On August 21, 2020, he won his fifth Intercontinental Championship. For this he defeated AJ Styles. The reign lasted 37 days and Hardy lost the title to Sami Zayn on September 27, 2020. On October 12, 2020, he moved to Raw in the WWE draft. On September 20, 2021, he won a match against Sheamus. This got him a chance at the United States Championship. On September 26, 2021, he fought in a triple threat match for the title at Extreme Rules, but reigning champion Damian Priest won the match. On October 1, 2021, he was drafted back to SmackDown in the WWE Draft. He was released by WWE on December 9, 2021. 

Jeff Hardy debuted for AEW on the March 9, 2022 edition of Dynamite in Fort Myers, Florida. He saved his brother Matt from an attack by Andrade El Idolo, Private Party (Isiah Kassidy and Marq Quen), and The Butcher and The Blade.






Durban

Durban (Zulu: "eThekwini"; IPA: ) has the third largest population of a city in South Africa. It is in the province KwaZulu-Natal.

It is thought that the first known inhabitants of the Durban area arrived from the north around 100,000 BC, according to carbon dating of rock art found in caves in the Drakensberg. These people lived in the central plains of KwaZulu-Natal until the expansion of Bantu people from the north during the last millennium.

Durban's sister cities are:




Bantu peoples

Bantu is a general term for over 400 different ethnic groups in Africa, from Cameroon to South Africa, that have a common language family (the Bantu languages) and in many cases common customs.


Knight Bachelor

In the United Kingdom, a Knight Bachelor is a man who is a knight, (has the title "Sir") but who is neither a:

In the 1920s, the Society of Knights Bachelor were allowed to wear a special badge on the days when other knights would wear their insignia.

The title is not hereditary, so it cannot be passed on to the knight's children, but a baronet's title can be inherited.

Men who get some jobs, such as senior judges, are made Knights Bachelor. Women cannot be knights bachelor, so if they get one of those jobs, they are made Dames of the Order of the British Empire (DBE)

Knights Bachelor have no post-nominal letters (letters after their name to show they are a knight), unlike knights of the orders of knighthood, who use letters like KBE, or GBE etc., or baronets who put Bt or Bart after their name.

The title "Sir" is always followed by the given name, so, Paul McCartney would be "Sir Paul McCartney" or "Sir Paul". They would never be Sir last name, so not "Sir McCartney". The same applies for women with the title "Dame" ("dame" is pronounced to rhyme with "same").

Digital

A digital system is a something that represents information by using digits. Each digit represents a small amount of information because each digit comes from a small set of choices. A digit can be decimal (one of the ten choices from "0" through "9"), as in the display of a digital clock. A digit can be binary (either "0" or "1"). A binary digit is called a "bit". Digital computers and digital communication like the internet usually use binary. The meaning of each "bit" depends on the place where it is used. For example, a "bit" can represent 'Yes' or 'No', or it can represent 'True' or 'False'. A large amount of information, like a picture, can be represented by using a list of many "bits". 
A digital system is different than an analogue (US- analog) system, which represents information in a continuous way. 

The word "digital" is most commonly used in computing and electronics.


Hans Christian Ørsted

Hans Christian Oersted (14 August 1777 – 9 March 1851) was a Danish physicist and chemist. He is best known for discovering a relationship between electricity and magnetism, a field now known as electromagnetism."Oersted" discovered that electric currents create magnetic fields, which was the first connection found between electricity and magnetism. Oersted's law and the oersted (Oe) are named after him. He also discovered that aluminium was an element.

"Oersted" was also a writer and poet. His poetry series "Luftskibet" ("Airship") was inspired by the balloon flights of his physicist friend, Étienne-Gaspard Robert.

Ammeter

An ammeter is a measuring tool used to measure the flow of electric current in a circuit. The electric current is measured in amperes; for this reason, some people call the ammeters as "ampmeters", by mistake. It can measure 'resistance' of a current, speed of a current and force of a current (the units used are ohms, amperes, and volts) Ammeters are connected in series in a circuit with two connections.


Voltage divider

In electronics, a voltage divider is an electrical circuit which creates an output voltage which is proportional to an input voltage. Voltage dividers are also known as resistor divider and potential divider. It can be made of two resistors or it can be one potentiometer (variable resistor). The output voltage is depends on component values, or on the setting of the potentiometer. When an electrical load gets power from the divider's center point, the voltage may change.

English Heritage

English Heritage is an organisation of the United Kingdom government (Department for Culture, Media and Sport). It manages many monuments of the historic environment of England. It was set up under the terms of the National Heritage Act 1983. Before the Department of the Environment had had these functions. 

English Heritage takes care of many important historical and archaeological sites, from Stonehenge to the world's first iron bridge. But it has responsibilities in conservation, giving advice, registering and protecting the historic environment as well. It also maintains a public archive, the National Monuments Record (NMR).



Filioque clause

The Filioque clause is a part of the Nicene Creed that not all Christians agree about. "Filioque" is Latin. In the context of the Nicene Creed it means "and from the Son". The main parties involved are the Roman Catholic Church and the Eastern Orthodox Church. The Eastern Orthodox Church rejects this change, the Catholic Church, as well as most Protestant and the Anglican Church accept it.

The Latin text is given below, the change is highlighted. This was added in the Catholic version.
This is usually translated into English as:
Many Eastern Catholic Churches have the same version as the Eastern Orthodox Churches. They do however believe what the added words say.

Krokus

Krokus is a hard rock band from Switzerland.


Historic Scotland

Historic Scotland was an agency of the Scottish Executive responsible for historic monuments in Scotland. It was closed in 2015 and its job was given to Historic Environment Scotland.

Its website stated: 

It has direct responsibility for maintaining and running over 200 monuments.

As an arm of government, Historic Scotland had similar functions to its counterparts in other parts of the United Kingdom:



Loudness (band)

Loudness is a heavy metal band from Japan. The band was founded in 1981 by singer Akira Takasaki and drummer Munetaka Higuchi. Loudness was the first Japanese heavy metal band to be signed to a recording contract in the United States.


Gulf of Oman

The Gulf of Oman is an arm of the Arabian Sea that borders Iran and south-western Pakistan to the north and Oman and the United Arab Emirates to the south. The Gulf of Oman used to be called "The Sea of Oman" on old maps.

Gulag

The Gulag was a vast network of "slave labor" camps run by the Soviet Union from the 1920s to the 1950s. Ever since the Soviet Union was founded in 1917, it imprisoned people who spoke out against it or were otherwise dangerous. Imperial Russia in previous decades had a similar system of prison camps. But the Soviet Union camp system grew to be one of the largest prison systems in existence. The Soviet camp-system was set up under Vladimir Lenin.
It reached its peak during Joseph Stalin's rule from the 1930s to the early 1950s. 

The Gulag was run at first by the GPU (State Political Directorate), later by the NKVD and in the last years by the Ministry of Internal Affairs (MVD). The internment system grew rapidly, reaching a population of 100,000 in the 1920s. According to Nicolas Werth, the yearly mortality rate in the Soviet concentration camps varied, reaching 5% (1933) and 20% (1942–1943) and dropped in the post-war years to about 1 to 3% per year at the beginning of the 1950s.
Soviet leaders believed it was right to put these people to work and make their labor and goods part of the national economy. In fact, two out of every hundred workers in the Soviet Union were gulag prisoners. By 1936, there were 5,000,000 prisoners in the gulags.

Even though the Gulag is often associated with Siberia, labor camps were built across the Soviet Union. Siberian camps greatly simplified the problem of keeping prisoners from running away, though it was harder to feed these camps and move goods in and out because the camps were so far away.

The Gulag system declined during the 1950s after the death of Joseph Stalin, and many people were released starting in 1954. The Gulag program was ended with a government decree in 1960.

According to the Gulag administration, 10 million people were sent to the gulags between 1934 and 1947. However, Western scholars estimate that between 1918 and 1956, 15 to 30 million died in the gulags. 

Former prisoner and Nobel Prize-winning author Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn wrote two books about the Gulag: "One Day in the Life of Ivan Denisovich " and "The Gulag Archipelago".

When Nikita Khrushchev became the leader of the Soviet Union, he began a "De-Stalinization" process. He made a secret speech, in which he denounced Stalin as having committed many murders of innocent people in Gulags and elsewhere, including Katyn massacre and slaughter of Poles in Ukraine & Belarus in 1937 and 1938. 

Multimeter

A multimeter or a multitester is an electronic measuring tool that is a combination of several tools in one unit. It usually includes an ammeter, voltmeter, and ohmmeter. Digital multimeters are sometimes called DMM too.

Modern multimeters can be used to measure electrical quantities other than current, resistance and voltage. For example, they can be used to measure frequency, capacitance, transistors Hfe and temperature.

The multimeter can make many tests, so it is often called "multitester". When measuring resistance it acts as an ohmmeter, showing ohms. For volts it would be a Voltmeter. Sometimes it is called a mixture of things like Volt/ohm meter or VOM. Most meters can measure volts, amps, and resistance.

The multimeter can be used to measure the voltage of a battery. It can also be used for measuring the voltage across two points in a circuit. The Voltmeter is placed in parallel between the positive and negative terminals of the battery. It can also be used to measure resistance and amps hence the name of some meters "Voltmeter, Ohmmeter, and Amperage".


Hyattsville, Maryland

Hyattsville is a town in Maryland in the USA. It is about 2 miles from Washington, DC.

Invitee

In tort law, an invitee is a member of the public who has been invited to do business with the owner of a property. For example, if someone owns a store and invites someone else to come into the store to buy something, the person who is invited is an "invitee".

In some places (or jurisdictions), tort law asks whether a person is an invitee when it decides what duty the owner of land has to keep that person safe from harm.

Luciano Pavarotti

Luciano Pavarotti (October 12, 1935 – September 6, 2007) was an Italian tenor and one of the most popular contemporary vocal performers in the world. He not only sang in opera but also in other kinds of music. Known for his televised concerts, media appearances, and as one of the "Three Tenors" (the other two were Plácido Domingo and José Carreras). Pavarotti became enormously popular after a performance of the aria "Nessun Dorma" from Puccini’s opera " Turandot " for the opening ceremony of the 1990 FIFA World Cup in Italy. 

Pavarotti was also well known for his award-winning charity work for raising money on behalf of refugees and the Red Cross.

Luciano Pavarotti was born in Modena in north-central Italy. His father was a baker who also liked to sing, his mother worked in a cigar factory. The family did not have much money. During World War II they lived in the countryside on a farm. 

Pavarotti started to listen to his father’s recordings of famous tenors of the day such as Beniamino Gigli, Giovanni Martinelli, Tito Schipa and Enrico Caruso. At around the age of nine he began singing with his father in a small local church choir. He was a normal boy who liked playing football and even thought of being a professional soccer goalkeeper, but his mother said he should be a teacher. His father said he would continue to support him, but once he was 30 years old he would have to earn money to support himself.

Pavarotti began singing lessons seriously in 1954 at the age of 19. He met a singer called Adua Veroni. He married her in 1961. Pavarotti had to earn money, so he became a teacher, and then an insurance salesman. For several years he just gave a few recitals without being paid for them. Then he had problems with his throat and stopped singing for a short time, and, surprisingly, this helped his voice to become really good.

Pavarotti made his opera début in the role of Rodolfo in "La bohème" by Puccini on April 29, 1961 in the town of Reggio Emilia. Soon he was singing in: the Vienna State Opera. He sang in the United States with Joan Sutherland. In 1965 he sang at La Scala, probably the most famous of all opera houses. He was singing in the famous Franco Zeffirelli production of "La Bohème", with Mirella Freni singing Mimi and Herbert von Karajan conducting. . His first appearance as Tonio in Donizetti's "La fille du régiment" took place at Covent Garden on June 2 of that year. It was his performances of this role that made people call him the "King of the High Cs" (The note C above Middle C is a very high note for a tenor to sing). 

Pavarotti learned many more operatic roles and sang all over the world. In 1972, he sang in a production of "La fille du régiment" by Donizetti at the Metropolitan Opera in New York. The audience were amazed when he sang nine high Cs. They applauded so much that he had 17 curtain calls. He sang the role of Rodolfo in ("La bohème") in the first "Live From The Met" telecast in March of 1977, which attracted one of the largest audiences ever for a televised opera. He won many Grammy awards and platinum and gold discs for his performances. 

In 1976 Pavarotti sang at the Salzburg Festival appearing in a solo recital. He returned to the festival in 1978 with a recital and as the Italian singer in "Der Rosenkavalier", in 1983 with "Idomeneo", and both in 1985 and 1988 with solo recitals.

In 1977 there was a cover story in Time Magazine about him . That same year saw Pavarotti's return to the Vienna State Opera where he had not been for 14 years. With Herbert von Karajan conducting Pavarotti sang Manrico in "Il trovatore". In 1978, he appeared in a solo recital on "Live from Lincoln Center".

He made his international recital début at William Jewell College in Liberty, Missouri in 1973 as part of the college’s Fine Arts Program, now known as the Harriman-Jewell Series. Perspiring due to nerves and a cold, he kept a handkerchief in his hand all the way through the concert. The handkerchief was often associated with him after that during his solo performances.

At the beginning of the 1980s, he set up "The Pavarotti International Voice Competition" for young singers, performing with the winners in 1982 in excerpts of "La bohème" and "L'elisir d'amore". The competition gave young people a chance to start their singing careers. It was repeated in 1982. They even travelled to China.

In 1992 Pavarotti sang in La Scala in a new Zeffirelli production of "Don Carlo" conducted by Riccardo Muti. Pavarotti's performance was heavily criticized by some observers and booed by some of the audience. The singer never returned to La Scala again after that.

Pavarotti became even more well-known throughout the world in 1990 when his sang Giacomo Puccini's aria, "Nessun Dorma" from "Turandot" which was used as the theme song for the BBC TV coverage of the 1990 FIFA World Cup in Italy. The aria made him a kind of pop star and it remained his trademark song. This was followed by the hugely successful Three Tenors concert held on the eve of the World Cup final at the ancient Baths of Caracalla in Rome with fellow tenors Plácido Domingo and José Carreras and conductor Zubin Mehta, which became the biggest selling classical record of all time. The high point of the concert happened when Pavarotti sang a famous part of di Capua's "'O Sole Mio". Domingo and Carreras copied him and the audience enjoyed it very much. This was one of the most remembered moments in opera of our time. Throughout the 1990s, Pavarotti appeared in many big outdoor concerts, including his televised concert in London's Hyde Park which drew a record audience of 150,000. In June 1993, more than 500,000 listeners gathered for his performance on the Great Lawn of New York's Central Park, while millions more around the world watched on television. The following September, in the shadow of the Eiffel Tower in Paris, he sang for a crowd of about 300,000. Following on from the original 1990 concert, Three Tenors concerts were held during the Football World Cups; in Los Angeles in 1994, in Paris in 1998, and in Yokohama in 2002. 

Pavarotti's rise to stardom was not without occasional difficulties, however. He got a reputation as "The King of Cancellations" because he often cancelled performances, and this made him unpopular with some opera houses.

In 1998, Pavarotti was given a very special award: the Grammy Legend Award.

In 2002, Pavarotti split with the Herbert Breslin, the man who had been his manager for 36 years. On 13 December 2003 he married his former personal assistant, Nicoletta Mantovani, with whom he already had a daughter. A second child did not survive, due to complications at the time of birth. He started his farewell tour in 2004, at the age of 69, performing one last time in old and new locations, after over 40 years on the stage.

Pavarotti gave his last performance in an opera at the New York Metropolitan Opera on March 13, 2004 for which he received a 12-minute standing ovation for his role as the painter Mario Cavaradossi in Giacomo Puccini's "Tosca".

In March 2005, Pavarotti had an operation to his neck. His health began to suffer. He was diagnosed with pancreatic cancer in July 2006. He later died of the disease on 6 September 2007 at his home in Modena.

Negligence

In law, negligence is a kind of legal claim that people and organizations can bring if they are hurt. It is a kind of tort. The law calls someone negligent if he hurts someone else, or someone else's property, because he was not careful enough. In a legal case about negligence, the person who brings the lawsuit is called the plaintiff and the person who is being sued is called the defendant.

The law about negligence is different in many places (or jurisdictions), but for the plaintiff to win, he or she usually has to prove at least four things:


The defendant's "duty" is what the law says that he or she has to do. Usually, the law says that people have to be "reasonable". That means they have to be careful, use good judgment, and not be unfair to other people. In some cases, the law tells people that they have special duties. In other cases, the law says that people have no duties at all. For example, in most places that use the common law, a person has no legal duty to rescue another person from harm, even if the rescue is very easy and does not cost anything or put anyone else in danger.

When people do not follow their duty, the law says that they "breach" their duty.

A plaintiff can usually bring a lawsuit only if he or she has been hurt, or has some other legal harm. The law tells people what kinds of injuries people can sue about.

A plaintiff can usually sue a defendant only if that defendant was the one who hurt the plaintiff. In many cases, it is easy to figure out who hurt someone. But sometimes people get hurt in ways that nobody expects. For example, a defendant might be driving while drunk, and he might hit an electric pole. The electric pole could fall down and cause a neighborhood to lose electric power. As a result, a person two miles away might trip and fall in the dark. The law will decide whether the drunk driver "caused" the person to trip and fall.

The word "negligence" is sometimes used outside the law in a similar way. It means that someone has not been careful enough.

Cytokinesis

"Cytokinesis" is the division of cells after either mitosis or meiosis I and II.

During cytokinesis, the "cytoplasm" (the liquid center of the cell that holds the "organelles" into place) splits into two equal halves, and the cell becomes two daughter cells. This occurs right after the beginning of anaphase (in mitosis and in meiosis I and II).

Cell division continues during telophase (in mitosis and in meiosis I and II) until the cell has completely divided. mitosis and meiosis II starts again after cytokinesis. A new and complete nucleus has been formed in each of the two cells.

In plants cytokinesis is slightly different. As plant cells cannot move apart because of their cell wall, a cell plate begins to form during late anaphase and throughout telophase. 

When the cytoplasm and organelles are divided evenly between the two new cells, the plate then becomes less flimsy and soon becomes another cell wall separating the daughter cells. Cytokinesis splits the cell wall, unlike animal cells, where it splits the cytoplasm. The cell wall grows later as the two new cells expand. 

Femininity

Femininity is a set of traits, behaviors, and roles associated with females. Femininity is made up of both social and biological factors. This makes it different from the female sex, as women, men, and transgender people can all exhibit feminine traits.

The colour pink is associated with femininity in western culture.

Femininity is also present through certain natural instincts and traits like the widening of the hips in females to support the baby in the womb during pregnancy. Reproduction, development of breasts, and higher-pitched voice are examples of feminine biology in human beings.

Masculinity

Masculinity (also called manhood or manliness) is a set of attributes, behaviors, and roles associated with men and boys. There is evidence that some behaviors considered masculine are influenced by both cultural and biological factors. It is distinct from the definition of the biological male sex, as both males and females can exhibit masculine traits. Standards of masculinity vary across different cultures and historical periods.

Battery (tort)

Battery is the crime or tort of intentionally touching someone else without permission (literally, the act of "battering" somebody). So, to start a fight would be to commit battery. In some states, the crime of battery is referred to as assault, or it may be referred to as "assault and battery."


Assault

An assault is when a person attacks another. In law, it is considered a crime or tort. In common law, it is when somebody threatens or tries to physically hurt someone else. In order to be considered "assault", the act must involve the ability to cause the harm. It does not necessarily have to involve touching the other person; that is called "battery". In criminal law, an assault can be an attempted but unsuccessful battery. In some states or legal codes, the words "assault" and "battery" may mean the same thing.

There are several different kinds of assault. Each legal system has their own definitions.

A stronger form of assault is "aggravated assault". This usually involves using a weapon that could easily be used to kill someone.

Megaloblastic anemia

Megaloblastic anemia is a kind of anemia. It can be caused by not having enough vitamins, especially Vitamin B12 or folic acid.

Legal code

A legal code is a "written" system of laws. To "codify" the law is to write it down in a systematic manner.

Legal codes are typically written by legislatures.


Code (disambiguation)

Code can mean:


Peer

Peer may refer to:


Plácido Domingo

Plácido Domingo KBE (born 21 January 1941) is an Spanish operatic tenor and conductor. He is often regarded as one of the leading tenors of his generation. 

Born José Plácido Domingo Embil in Madrid, Spain, the son of singers who later moved to Mexico, where he made his vocal study. He began his career as a baritone singing in operettas but quickly retrained as a tenor. He made his official operatic debut in Mexico City in 1961, as Alfredo in "La traviata". 

He sang in Tel Aviv from 1962 to 1965 in a wide variety of roles often in Hebrew. He made his American debut at the New York City Opera in 1965, and at the Metropolitan Opera in 1968. This was followed by La Scala in Milan (1969), the Royal Opera House in London (1971), the Paris Opéra (1973), and most of the great opera houses of the world. 

Although mostly associated with the Italian and French repertoire, he has in recent years sung several Wagner roles, and turned to conducting. He is the General Director of the Washington National Opera and the Los Angeles Opera. 

He was one of "The Three Tenors", alongside Luciano Pavarotti and José Carreras, and got 1.5 million dollars each time they sang.

In August 2019, Domingo was accused by nine women of sexual harassment.

In March 2020, Dominago was diagnosed with COVID-19 and hospitalized in Mexico.

José Carreras

Josep Carreras i Coll (born 5 December 1946 in Barcelona, Spain), better known as José Carreras, is a tenor opera singer.

He was born in Sants, which is in neighborhood of Barcelona, Catalonia. His family moved to Argentina when he was very young. He started singing at the age of 6, and his first public performance happened when he was 8 years old.

Many years later, when he was in Paris, it turned out that he has leukemia. The long-term medications where successful and he survived from the disease. He established José Carreras International Leukaemia Foundation in Barcelona on July 14, 1988.

Carreras has received many awards both because of his musical and humanitarian work.


Leukemia

Leukemia or leukaemia is a cancer of white blood cells and bone marrow. When a person has leukemia, the body creates too many white blood cells ("leukocytes").

There are many kinds of leukemia. Leukemia is part of a bigger group of diseases, the blood cancers (hematological neoplasms). Without treatment, leukemia may lead to death within weeks, months, or years. The life of the person depends upon the type of leukemia.

In 2000, about 256,000 children and adults around the world developed some form of leukemia, and 209,000 died from it. About 90% of all leukemias are seen in adults.

Leukemia can be either "acute" or "chronic". Acute leukemia usually grows quickly. Chronic leukemia grows slowly.

Leukemia can also affect two different types of white blood cells. These are lymphoid cells and young granulocyte cells (which are called "myelocytes").

For this reason, all of the different forms of leukemia are divided into four main types:

The causes of most types of leukemia are not known. In general, all cancers have a breakdown in the normal way cell division is controlled. Most likely, the different kinds of leukemias have different causes. The known causes account for relatively few cases. Most of the causes are outside our control.

Researchers believe that some things may influence whether a person develops leukemia:

Viruses that are believed to cause leukemia include:

Fanconi anemia is also a risk factor for developing acute myelogenous leukemia.

Most cases of leukemia are treated with many drugs, which are usually combined into a chemotherapy program. In some cases, radiation therapies or bone marrow transplants are done.

Leukemia inhibitory factor, or LIF, is an interleukin 6 class cytokin. It affects cell growth by inhibiting differentiation. When LIF levels drop, the cells differentiate.

Tavern

A tavern, also known as a saloon or bar, is a place where alcoholic drinks (such as beer, wine, or spirits) are served. While the word "tavern" used to be common in England, in the 19th century the word began to be seen as old fashioned. The current term today in England is "pub" which comes from "public house". However, taverns remain a popular part of fantasy stories and games. The term is still commonly used in the United States.


Gaucho

Gaucho () or Gaúcho () is the term commonly used for people who live in the south regions of Brazil, mainly in Rio Grande do Sul. It can also be used for people from Uruguay, Argentina and Chile. They are similar to the North American cowboys, and, like them, gauchos of Argentina have become a symbol of freedom.

Working with his horse, a laço, "boleodoros", and a knife, gauchos rode around the Pampas, killing wild cattle whose he sold secretly. They were usually , and did not become respectable until they fought with San Martin for Argentine freedom. After some time, many gauchos began working for "hacendados" and spent their lives helping huge herds of cattle over the Pampas. They liked to choose where they worked and traveled from place to place.

Like cowboys, gauchos had a traditional outfit: a big hat, a collared shirt (mainly red), and baggy pants called "bombachas", which were tucked into leather boots. Colorful pieces of cloth or a wide leather belt decorated with silver went around his waist, and silver spurs were on his boots. When working, gauchos often wore a big leather apron.

Today, though, most gauchos are disappearing. Trucks, roads, and fences are changing gauchos into farmers and assistants. Traditional dress is usually worn only on festival days, when they can remember their exciting old days.


Flag of Tunisia

The flag of Tunisia is a national flag. It is red and white in colour with a star inside a moon. It was created for the first time in 1831 by the Tunisian "bey" Hassine I. Since then, it has had some small changes.

Humat al-Hima

"Humat Al-Hima" (, ; "Defenders of the Homeland") is the national anthem of Tunisia since November 1987.

The text (words) of this anthem was written by two men, Mustapha Sadiq Al-Rafi'i and Abul-Qacem Ech-Chebbi. And the Egyptian musician Mohamad Abdul-Wahab made its music.

Nymphadora Tonks

Nymphadora Tonks is a fictional character in the "Harry Potter" book series written by J. K. Rowling. The character is played by actress Natalia Tena in the Harry Potter movies. 

Tonks, as she is known, is the only daughter of Andromeda Black and Ted Tonks. She is a "Half-Blood", but both of her parents are actually magical. Her mother is a pureblood from the ancient wizarding family of the Blacks, and her father is a muggle born, therefore considering that the majority of her father's family are muggles she is considered a half-blood, even though he is not a muggle himself. Tonks is a "metamorphmagus", which means that she can change her appearance at will. Her Patronus is a jack rabbit, but it changed into a wolf (Remus's Patronus) due to her love for Remus Lupin.

Tonks is first described in the books as having a pale heart-shaped face, dark twinkling eyes, and short, spikey hair that was a violent shade of violet. She knocked over a plate in the Dursley's kitchen when the 'Advance Guard' came to pick up Harry to take to number twelve, Grimmauld Place. She also knocked over the troll umbrella stand, which made Sirius's mother, Walburga Black, start screaming. She is known as "seriously clumsy."

Nymphadora was born between 1st september 1972 and 31st august 1973. She attended Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry from 1984-1991, the time of Charlie Weasley, and was Sorted into Hufflepuff House. She never became a Prefect in her 5th year, because her Head of House, Pomona Sprout, said she lacked necessary qualities, such as the ability to behave herself. 

She works as an Auror in the Ministry of Magic under the eye of Mad-Eye Moody. She worked as a spy for the Order of the Phoenix. So did Arthur Weasley, Kingsley Shacklebolt, and a few others, as they themselves worked inside the Ministry.

In "Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows", she marries the werewolf Remus Lupin (even though she is much younger than him), and many people disapprove of her choice. Remus Lupin feels that he has endangered her and her son, and leaves her at the beginning of the Deathly Hallows. Harry, already lost his parents and his godfather, mocks him to be a coward, resulting in Harry was thrown into a wall by an angry Remus. But Remus Lupin decided that Harry was right and come back a few days later. They have a son named Edward Remus 'Teddy' Lupin. He is a metamorphmagus, just like his mother, Tonks, and is known for having aqua colored hair. Both Tonks and Lupin die during the Battle of Hogwarts, Lupin by Antonin Dolohov, and Tonks by Bellatrix Lestrange.

Teddy Lupin lives under the care of Andromeda, Tonks's widowed mother, and his godfather, Harry Potter.

Tonks

Tonks may mean: 


Scelidosaurus

Scelidosaurus was an early type of herbivorous dinosaur. It was a thyreophoran, a lightly plated, herbivorous dinosaur about 4 metres long. It lived during the early Jurassic, 196 to 183 million years ago. Its fossils were found in Charmouth, Dorset, England. 

"Scelidosaurus" has been called the earliest complete dinosaur. 

It is one of the earliest and most basal of the armoured dinosaurs. A review by Serano had "Scelidosaurus" as the sister group (closest relative) to both the Stegosauria and Ankylosauria.

This genus lived on the supercontinent Laurasia. 
Its length was about 4 metres (13 ft). "Scelidosaurus" was quadrupedal, with the hindlimbs longer than the forelimbs. It "may" have reared up on its hind legs to browse on foliage from trees, but its forefeet were as large as its hind feet. This suggests a mostly quadrupedal posture.

"Scelidosaurus" and its Jurassic relatives were herbivorous. Other ornithischians had teeth capable of grinding plant material, but "Scelidosaurus" had smaller, less complex teeth. Its jaw could only do simple up-and-down movements. In this aspect, they resembled the stegosaurids, which also had primitive teeth and simple jaws. Also, like stegosaurs, they may have swallowed gastroliths to aid processing of food (because of the lack of chewing ability). This is also done by modern birds and crocodiles. The diet of "Scelidosaurus" was low-lying plants like ferns and cycads. Seaweed has also been suggested as a food. Grass did not evolve until the Cretaceous period.

Inheritance (disambiguation)

Inheritance is when people pass on property and debts when they die.

Inheritance or inheritor may also be:

In literature:

In other fields:

Nissan Stadium (Yokohama)

The Nissan Stadium (previously called the International Stadium of Yokohama) is a sports stadium in Yokohama, Japan. It was built for the 2002 FIFA World Cup Final.



Scream 2

Scream 2 is a 1997 American slasher film directed by Wes Craven and written by Kevin Williamson. It stars David Arquette, Neve Campbell, Matthew Lillard, Dax Shepard, Courteney Cox, Sarah Michelle Gellar, Laurie Metcalf, Jamie Kennedy, Jerry O'Connell, Jada Pinkett and Liev Schreiber.

The film was released on December 12, 1997 by Dimension Films as the second installment in the "Scream" film series. "Scream 2" takes place one year after "Scream" and again follows the character of Sidney Prescott (Campbell) and her brother Jerry (Lillard), now students at the fictional Windsor College, who becomes the target of a copycat killer using the guise of Ghostface. Sidney and Jerry are accompanied by film-geek Randy Meeks (Kennedy), Jerry's friend Tom Scott (Shepard) retired deputy sheriff Dewey Riley (Arquette) and news reporter Gale Weathers (Cox). Like its predecessor, "Scream 2" combines the violence of the slasher genre with elements of comedy and "whodunit" mystery while satirizing the cliché of film sequels. The film was followed by two sequels, "Scream 3" (2000) and "Scream 4" (2011).

Williamson provided a five-page outline for a sequel to "Scream" when auctioning his original script, hoping to entice bidders with the potential of buying a franchise. Following a successful test screening of "Scream" and the film's financial and critical success, Dimension moved forward with the sequel while "Scream" was still in theaters, with the principal cast all returning to star, Craven to direct and Beltrami to provide music.

The film suffered controversy following its significant issues with plot information leaking onto the Internet, revealing the identity of the killers. Combined with the film's rushed schedule, the script was rewritten often; pages were sometimes completed on the day of filming. Despite these issues, "Scream 2" earned $172 million, received several awards and nominations. The film also received positive reviews, with some critics arguing that the sequel surpassed the original in terms of quality.

Beltrami received positive critical reception for his score for evolving the musical themes of the characters created in "Scream" although some critics claimed that the most memorable pieces from the film were created by composers Danny Elfman and Hans Zimmer. Elfman's contribution had been specially written for the film, but Zimmer's score for "Broken Arrow" was controversially used in the film, replacing Beltrami's own work. The soundtrack received negative feedback from reviewers but achieved moderate sales success, reaching #50 on the "Billboard" 200.

While attending a preview of the film "Stab", a film within a film based on the Woodsboro murders, Windsor College seniors Maureen Evans, Hugh Daniels and Phil Stevens (Jada Pinkett Smith, David Spade and Omar Epps) are murdered by Ghostface. Phil is stabbed through the ear in a bathroom stall while trying to eavesdrop on strange whimpering noises. The killer, wearing a Ghostface costume, then returns to the screening and sits beside Maureen before mortally stabbing her. At first the audience believes the act to be a publicity stunt until she falls dead in front of the cinema screen, Hugh tries to call the police, but the killer stabs him in the back, killing him.

The following day, the news media including local journalist Debbie Salt (Laurie Metcalf), descend on Windsor College where Sidney Prescott (Neve Campbell) and her brother Jerry Prescott (Matthew Lillard) and Jerry's friend Tom Scott (Dax Shepard) now study alongside their best friend Hallie (Elise Neal) and Sidney's new boyfriend Derek (Jerry O'Connell), fellow Woodsboro survivor Randy Meeks (Jamie Kennedy), and Derek's best friend Mickey (Timothy Olyphant). Sidney receives prank calls but is oblivious to the recent killings until someone instructs her to watch the news. Two other Woodsboro survivors arrive at the campus: officer Dwight "Dewey" Riley (David Arquette) to help Sidney, Jerry and Tom and reporter Gale Weathers (Courteney Cox) to cover the case. Gale tries to stage a confrontation between Sidney, Jerry, Tom and Cotton Weary (Liev Schreiber), who is attempting to gain fame from his exoneration for the murder of Sidney and Jerry's mother. After Gale forcibly confronts Sidney, Jerry and Tom with Cotton, Sidney angrily hits Gale and Jerry angrily scolds at Sidney for hitting Gale.

Later that evening, Sidney, Jerry and Tom go to a party with Hallie. At a sorority house, Ghostface murders fellow student Cici Cooper (Sarah Michelle Gellar). After all the partygoers leave, the killer then crashes the party and attack Sidney, Jerry and Tom, though Derek intervenes. The killer injures Derek but Dewey and the police arrive, prompting the killer to flee. The next morning, Gale discusses the case with the police. Upon realising that Cici's real name is Casey, she concludes that the killer is a copycat who targets students who share the same names as the Woodsboro murder victims, as Maureen Evans has the same name as Maureen Prescott, Phil Stevens as Steve Orth, Hugh Daniels as Dan Williams and Casey Cooper as Casey Becker.

That afternoon, while Gale is talking to Dewey, Tom and Randy on the campus lawn, she receives a call from Ghostface hinting that he is watching them. They search for him, but Randy, who tries to keep the killer on the phone, is dragged into Gale's broadcast van and is murdered by Ghostface. As night falls, Dewey and Gale review the tape of Ghostface killing Randy hoping to find some clues but the killer attacks them and seemingly kills Dewey. Gale hides and eventually escapes.

In the wake of the escalating murders, two officers drive Sidney, Jerry, Tom and Hallie to a local police station, but the killer murders them. In the ensuing struggle, Ghostface is knocked unconscious. After they climb out of the car, Sidney, Jerry and Tom insist on unmasking him, while Hallie insists they escape. When Sidney, Jerry and Tom walk back to the car, they see that Ghostface has escaped, who then stabs Hallie to death, forcing Sidney, Jerry and Tom flee.

Sidney, Jerry and Tom go back to the campus and find Derek in the auditorium tied to a crucifix, his mouth gagged with duct tape. Once Sidney, Jerry and Tom untie him, they is confronted by Ghostface, who reveals himself as Mickey and tells Sidney, Jerry and Tom that Derek is his partners. Derek desperately tries to persuade Sidney, Jerry and Tom that he is innocent and while Sidney, Jerry and Tom are deciding who is telling the truth, Mickey kills Derek. Mickey details his plan to become famous in the ensuing trial and media spectacle. He then announces his real partner, Debbie Salt, who arrives holding Gale at gunpoint. Sidney, Jerry and Tom recognise that Salt is actually Billy Loomis' mother, seeking revenge for her son's death. Mickey explains that they met online and agreed that Mrs. Loomis pays for Mickey's tuition fee while Mickey does the actual killing. Mrs. Loomis betrays Mickey and shoots him, as she plans to blame the murders on Mickey. Before he collapses, Mickey accidentally shoots Gale, causing her to fall off the stage, Sidney, Jerry and Mrs. Loomis fight, during their fight Mrs. Loomis shoots Tom in the stomach, killing him, until Cotton intervenes and eventually shoots Mrs. Loomis in the throat. As they debate whether or not she is still alive, they find Gale still alive. Mickey suddenly jumps to his feet, trying to attack them, only to be shot death by Sidney, Jerry and Gale. Sidney and Jerry then shoot Mrs. Loomis in the head to confirm her death, amd Jerry runs up to Tom and he gives Jerry some video tapes of he, Jerry, Dan, Sidney, Tatum, Billy, Stu, Randy, Cici, Martha, Jerry's old friends: (Justin Wilson, Douglas Harris, Karen James) and Sidney and Jerry's brother Steve, then Tom slowly dies, and Jerry cries over Tom's body. When the police arrive the next morning, Gale finds Dewey badly injured but still alive and accompanies him and Tom to the hospital. Sidney and Jerry instruct the press to direct questions to Cotton, rewarding him with the fame he has been chasing while removing the attention from herself as she and Jerry leave the university campus. A week later at Tom's funeral, Sidney and Jerry stand near Tom's grave.

Luke Wilson and Heather Graham cameo as actors in the in-universe "Stab" film. Tori Spelling and Donovan Patton appears as themselves, and Joshua Jackson cameos as one of Randy's classmates.

DNA repair

DNA repair means the processes by which a cell identifies and corrects damage to its DNA molecules.

In cells, normal metabolic activities and environmental factors such as UV light and radiation damage DNA. There are as many as a million molecular lesions per cell per day. Many of these lesions cause structural damage to the DNA molecule and can alter or eliminate the cell's ability to transcribe the affected gene. Other lesions induce potentially harmful mutations in the cell's genome, which affect the survival of its daughter cells after it divides. The DNA repair process must be constantly active so it can respond rapidly to any damage in the DNA structure.

The rate of DNA repair depends on many factors, including the cell type, the age of the cell, and the extracellular environment. A cell that has accumulated a lot of DNA damage, or one that no longer effectively repairs damage, can enter one of three states:

The rate of DNA repair depends on many factors, including the cell type, the age of the cell, and the extracellular environment. Many genes that were initially shown to influence life span have turned out to be involved in DNA damage repair and protection.

DNA damages and mutation are fundamentally different. 

Although different from each other, DNA damages and mutations are related because DNA damages often cause errors of DNA synthesis during replication or repair; these errors are a major source of mutation. DNA damages in frequently dividing cells, because they give rise to mutations, are a prominent cause of cancer. In contrast, DNA damages in infrequently dividing cells are likely a prominent cause of aging.

The 2015 Nobel Prize for Chemistry went to three scientists who each discovered part of the DNA repair story. 


Armiger

A person who has a coat of arms is sometimes called an "armiger". They are armigerous.

Originally an armiger was an Armour-Bearer or Esquire, who helped a Knight, but who had his own coat of arms.

The term "armiger" is well-defined only in countries such as the United Kingdom, Canada, Ireland, and Spain where there is a state or other heraldic body. These bodies include the College of Arms in England, Wales, and Northern Ireland, the Office of the Chief Herald in the Republic of Ireland or the Court of the Lord Lyon in Scotland).

Someone can have a coat of arms either because they are descended from a person with a right to bear a coat of arms, or by having a new "grant of arms" to him or herself.

Genome

The genome of an organism is the whole of its hereditary information encoded in its DNA (or, for some viruses, RNA). This includes both the genes and the non-coding sequences of the DNA.
Professor Hans Winkler coined the term in 1920.

Winkler's definition, in translation, runs:

However, no single haploid chromosome set defines even the DNA of a species. Because of the huge variety of alleles carried by a population, every individual is genetically different. Even a diploid individual carries genetic variety. For that reason Dobzhansky preferred "set of chromosomes", and the definition now must be broader than Winklers' definition. The genome of a haploid chromosome set is merely a "sample" of the total genetic variety of a species.

The term 'genome' can be applied specifically to mean the complete set of nuclear DNA (the 'nuclear genome') but can also be used of organelles that contain their own DNA, as with the mitochondrial genome or the chloroplast genome.

"Note:" The DNA from a single human cell has a length of ~1.8 m (but at a width of ~2.4 nanometers).



Genome (disambiguation)

Genome may refer to:



Atomic force microscope

Atomic force microscopes (AFMs) are a type of microscope. AFMs provide pictures of atoms on or in surfaces. Like the scanning electron microscope (SEM), the purpose of the AFM is to look at objects on the atomic level. In fact, the AFM may be used to look at individual atoms. It is commonly used in nanotechnology.

The AFM can do some things that the SEM cannot do. The AFM can provide higher resolution than the SEM. Further, the AFM does not need to operate in a vacuum. In fact, the AFM can operate in ambient air or water, so it can be used to see surfaces of biological samples like living cells.

The AFM works by employing an ultra-fine needle attached to a cantilever beam. The tip of the needle runs over the ridges and valleys in the material being imaged, "feeling" the surface. As the tip moves up and down due to the surface, the cantilever deflects. In one basic configuration, a laser shines on the cantilever at an oblique angle, and allows for the direct measurement of the deflection in the cantilever by simply changing the angle of incidence for the laser beam. In this way, an image may be created revealing the configuration of the molecules being imaged by the machine.

There are many different operating modes for an AFM. One is the "contact mode", where the tip is simply moved across the surface and the cantilever deflections are measured. Another mode is called "tapping mode", because the tip is tapped against the surface as it travels along. By controlling how hard the tip is tapped, the AFM can move away from the surface when the needle feels a ridge, so that it will not hit against the surface when it moves across. This mode is also useful for biological samples, because it is less likely to damage a soft surface.
These are the basic modes most commonly used. However there are different names and methods such as "intermittent contact mode", "non-contact mode", "dynamic" and "static" modes and more, but these are often variations on the above described tapping and contact modes.


Zine El Abidine Ben Ali

Zine El-Abidine Ben Ali (September 3, 1936 – September 19, 2019) was the second President of Tunisia from 1987 to 2011.

On January 14, 2011, he was forced to leave Tunisia and go to Saudi Arabia with his wife Leïla Ben Ali and their three children after a month of protests against his rule. The Arab Spring started in Tunisia.

Zine El-Abidine Ben Ali was born in Hammam Sousse on September 3, 1936.

He was assigned to manage (direct and take care) the Defense Military Security in 1964, and worked there until 1974. He was then promoted (his grade was changed to a superior one) to director-general of National Security at the Ministry of Interior in 1977. After that, he was assigned to take care of relations between Tunisia and the Kingdom of Morocco.

After being the ambassador of Tunisia in Poland, he returned to National Security.

Right before becoming the President of Tunisian Republic, Zine El-Abidine Ben Ali has been promoted to Prime Minister and the constitutional successor on October 1, 1987.

Five weeks after his promotion he, officially, became the Second President of Tunisia.

The way that Zine El-Abidine Ben Ali governs had cause some problems with groups including the Al-Jazeera channel. Al-Jazeera does not believe it is correct for Ben Ali to say that Muslim women wearing headscarves (religious clothes) in public places must take then off and say that they will not wear them in public again.

Ben Ali died at a hospital in Jeddah, Saudi Arabia of prostate cancer on September 19, 2019 at the age of 83.

Heraldry

Heraldry is the art and science of designing and using a coat of arms. The study of coats of arms is also called "armory". The practice of using distinct markings on a person's shield started in the Middle Ages, when a knight's helmet covered his face, making everybody look the same in battle. At first, only knights and nobility had coats of arms, but in the Middle Ages, some cities started using heraldry too. By the end of the Middle Ages, other people began using coats of arms, now called "burgher arms", which means they belong to a commoner and not a member of the nobility. An official in charge of approving and recording coats of arms is called a "herald". The related study of flags is called "vexillology".

Heraldry is described in English using a specialised jargon called "Blazon" which is based on French words. Heraldry uses only bold, bright colors, called "tinctures", with special names. Gold, for instance, is called "Or". This word is often capitalised to distinguish it from the conjunction "or". Silver and white are sometimes treated as different colors, but in English Blazon both are called "argent". Some combinations of colors represent furs, and these have names that are only used in heraldry. There are a number of geometric shapes, called "ordinaries", that are used in heraldry, and each of these has a special name too. The shield may be divided in a number of ways, usually following the lines of the ordinaries.

Baronet

In the United Kingdom a baronet is a man who has the title "Sir", like a knight, but who is neither

Unlike the members of the orders of chivalry and a knight bachelor a baronet can pass his title to his children.

Baronets rank higher than knights, but below barons.

Some baronets were created in the 1300s, but the modern Order of Baronets dates from King James I of England.

On 22 May 1611 King James I set up the present hereditary Order of Baronets in England. He made 200 "gentlemen of good birth" baronets. He did this partly to reward those people with more than a knighthood, without making them as important as a Baron. The other reason was that the king needed money to keep soldiers in Ireland. Each of the new baronets had to pay £1095, which was the cost of keeping thirty soldiers for three years.

In 1619 James I set up the Baronetage of Ireland, to raise more money.

To explore Nova Scotia (New Scotland) in what we now call Canada, King James I of England was going a create the Baronetage of Nova Scotia in 1624, but he died that year. His son King Charles I set up the Baronetage of Scotland and Nova Scotia in 1625. The new baronets had to pay £2000 or to support six settlers for two years. 

Today over a hundred "baronets of Nova Scotia" still exist. The Duke of Roxburghe, who is also Baronet of Innes-Ker of Innes is the "Premier Baronet of Scotland" because the baronetcy is the oldest one still existing in Scotland. It was created in 1625.

The Baronets of Nova Scotia were allowed to wear a badge from 1629. The design on the badge is the same as the flag of Nova Scotia

Baronets of England, of Ireland, of Great Britain or of the United Kingdom had no badge until 1929.

Duchy of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha

The Duchy of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha (German Sachsen-Coburg und Gotha) was a "dual monarchy" in Germany. This means that one ruler ruled over two countries, in this case the duchies of Coburg and Gotha. "Saxe" means of Saxony, because there were many small countries but all were ruled by members of the royal house of Saxony. Usually the royal house of Saxony means the rulers of the Kingdom of Saxony. The house of Wettin ruled the other states (Wettin is the family's surname).

The royal house of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha was created in 1826. One dynasty of the House of Wettin (the Dukes of Saxe-Gotha-Altenburg) became extinct because there were no more male children to inherit.

The remaining members of the family divided their various lands between them. The duke of Saxe-Coburg-Saalfeld gave up Saalfeld and instead got the duchy of Gotha. Saalfeld became part of Saxe-Meiningen, which also took Hildburghausen when the Dule of Saxe-Hildburghausen became Duke of Saxe-Altenburg.

On 12 November 1826 Ernst III of Saxe-Coburg-Saalfeld became Ernst I Duke of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha, Duke of Jülich "(Juelich)", Cleves and Berg, also Engern and Westphalia, Prince of Lichtenberg, Landgrave in Thuringia, Markgrave of Meißen "(Meissen)", Count of Hennerberg, Count of the Mark and Ravensburg, Lord of Ravenstein and Tonna.

Ernst had two sons. His younger son, Albert, married his cousin Queen Victoria of the United Kingdom. Saxe-Coburg and Gotha became the name of the royal house of the United Kingdom from 1901 until 1917 (the reign of Edward VII), when the name was changed the Windsor because of hatred of anything German in World War I.

Ernst I died in 1844 and his elder son and successor, Ernst II, ruled until he died in 1893. As he had no children childless, the throne of the Duchy passed to the male descendant's of Ernst's late brother Albert the Prince Consort, husband of Queen Victoria. But, the Duchies did not want to be joined to Great Britain, so their constitutions stopped the King and heir apparent of Great Britain from becoming Duke if other eligible male heirs exist. Therefore after Edward, Prince of Wales, came his next brother, Alfred, Duke of Edinburgh. Alfred's only son, also named Alfred, committed suicide in 1899, so when Duke Alfred died in 1900, he was succeeded by his nephew, Charles Edward the Duke of Albany, the sixteen-year-old son of Queen Victoria's youngest son, Leopold. (Duke Arthur of Connaught and his son did not want to become Duke, so renounced (gave up) their right to succession.) The new Duke started using the German version of his name, and ruled as Duke Carl Eduard. Until he came of age in 1905, the Hereditary Prince of Hohenlohe-Langenburg acted as Regent, Carl Eduard retained his British title Duke of Albany, but because he fought for Germany in the First World War, he was stripped of his British titles in 1919.

Carl Eduard reigned until 18 November 1918 when the Workers' and Soldiers' Council of Gotha deposed him during the German Revolution. The two Duchies became separate states, but soon joined with bigger states. Saxe-Coburg became a part of Bavaria, and Saxe-Gotha merged with other small states to form the new state of Thuringia in 1920 in the Weimar Republic.

The capitals of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha were Coburg and Gotha. By 1914 the area and populations of the two duchies were:

Saxe-Coburg and Gotha was the only European country to appoint a diplomatic consul to the Confederate States of America. The consul was named Ernst Raven, consul in the State of Texas. When Raven asked the Confederate Government for a diplomatic exequatur (permission to be act as consul) on 20 July 1861 he was accepted.

Other members of the family became kings of Belgium and Bulgaria, and married into nearly all of the other royal families of Europe. More than 50 years after Bulgaria became a republic, King Simeon returned to Bulgaria and was elected Prime Minister. After the First World War the Kings of Belgium stopped using the name Saxe-Coburg and Gotha, but never officially changed their name. Simeon of Bulgaria's legal name is Simeon Borisov Sakskoburggotski

The Duchy of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha stopped being independent in 1918, when Germany became a republic. Carl Eduard, the last reigning duke had his British titles taken away for supporting Germany in World War I. He died in 1954.

Gotha became part of the new state of Thuringia, and Coburg joined Bavaria.

Berkelium

Berkelium (IPA: ) is a synthetic, radioactive, chemical element in the periodic table that has the symbol Bk and atomic number 97. It is a metallic element and part of the actinide series. Berkelium was invented by scientists and does not exist in nature. Berkelium was first made by hitting americium with alpha particles or helium ions. It is named after Berkeley, California and the University of California, Berkeley.

Its only uses are to create bigger elements and research.



BBC Learning English

BBC Learning English is a website hosted by the BBC World Service since 1996. It provides free learning materials for people who speak English as a second language and want to improve their English Language skills.

Omarosa Manigault Newman

Omarosa Manigault Newman (born February 5, 1974) known mononymously as Omarosa is a reality television personality and writer. She was a contestant on Donald Trump's television reality show "The Apprentice". 

Omarosa was born in Youngstown, Ohio where she attended Rayen High School. She has gone on to appear on various talk shows and other reality shows, where her strong personality has often been the source of controversy. Her partner was late actor Michael Clarke Duncan.

Omarosa became famous for appearing on the first season of "The Apprentice", a reality show where contestants fought for a job working for Donald Trump. Omarosa's appearance on Trump's "The Apprentice" ended on Week Nine, when she was "fired". 

She returned to the show a few years later as a contestant on "The Celebrity Apprentice". She was eliminated once again, this time in Week 10. Omarosa returned a third time for the All-Stars season. She was fired in Week 5.

In 2016, President-elect of the United States Donald Trump selected Omarosa to be Director of Communications for the White House Office of Public Engagement and Intergovernmental Affairs. She resigned on January 20, 2018, a year after taking the position.
In August 2018 while on a book tour, she released controversial recordings of her time in the White House, including conversations with the president and white house chief of staff John Kerry. She also told MNSBC she had heard Trump use the N-word during the Apprentice.


The Apprentice

The Apprentice is a reality television show that first aired in 2004 in the United States. The person who came up with the show was Mark Burnett, who earlier successfully brought the British series "Survivor" to the US. Until 2016, it was hosted by then-businessman Donald Trump, but in 2005, there was a spin-off hosted by Martha Stewart. The American version of the show had fifteen seasons. In the first six seasons and the 10th season, the people who appeared on the show were ordinary people. In seasons 7 to 9 and from season 11 onwards, these people were celebrities, who try to win money for charities instead of running one of Trump's companies. This version of the show is called The Celebrity Apprentice.

In the program, a group of 14 to 18 people hope to get a job worth US$250,000 to run one of Trump's companies. In each episode, the contestants are split into two teams who each have to do a task. The task could be selling something, making an advertisement, or running a stall at an event. In the end, one team will win (usually because they have made the most money) and they will get a prize of some sort. The people on the team that loses have to explain to Trump what went wrong, and at the end of every episode, Trump will say "You're fired!" to one or more people from this team, who then no longer appears in the show for the rest of the season. However, in the very last episode, Trump says "You're hired!" to the person who wins the grand prize instead.

Seasons 7 to 9 were released under the title of "Celebrity Apprentice" because the contestants were famous. Because of this, the seventh version of the original show (with ordinary people) is titled as season 10.

Trump hosted the show until he became President of the United States in 2016. The most recent season, which aired in 2017, had Arnold Schwarzenegger in charge, but Trump continued to be the executive producer. However, Schwarzenegger left the show at the end of the season after he was criticized by Trump for low ratings.

Many countries have their own version of "The Apprentice", each having a different person in charge. For example, the version from the United Kingdom has Alan Sugar.

The Apprentice: Martha Stewart was a one-time spin-off of the main show which featured Martha Stewart instead of Donald Trump. The show had a very similar format, with 16 contestants competing for a job. The show was not as popular as Donald Trump's and ended after one season. The winner was Dawna Stone.

The Celebrity Apprentice was a version of Donald Trump's show which featured celebrities and famous people as contestants instead of ordinary businesspeople. Each celebrity had a charity that they were representing. The celebrities would have to complete challenges in teams (much like the original version). The winning team would get money for their charities but one person from the losing team would be removed from the game. The last person remaining won more money for their charity.
Seasons of "Celebrity Apprentice" were run alongside the original show. Because of this, the first season of "Celebrity Apprentice" is the seventh season of the show overall.


The series was very popular in America and was adapted in several other countries, most notably in the UK and Australia.

Survivor (TV series)

Survivor is a popular reality television game show produced in many countries throughout the world. In the show, contestants are isolated in a remote location and compete for cash and other prizes. The format for "Survivor" was created in the UK in 1992 by Charlie Parsons, and the first production of it was the Swedish show "Expedition: Robinson" in 1997. The US version is commonly considered the mother of American reality TV shows because it was the first highly rated and profitable reality show on broadcast television in the USA. The show even has its own "reality coaster" at Paramount's Great America in Santa Clara, CA, called .


The Weakest Link

The Weakest Link is Computer Cable television quiz show, broadcast on TV from November 21, 2001 to December 22, 2002. It was devised by Fintan Coyle and Cathy Dunning, and developed for television by the BBC Entertainment Department. It has since been replicated around the world. It was hosted by Craig Charles (2001–2002) and Claudia Winkleman (2002) and narrated by Chris Goldwell. The series features a team of contestants who take turns answering general knowledge questions. The object of each round is to create a chain of consecutive correct answers to earn an increasing amount of money for a communal pot within a specific time limit. The number of "links" in a chain are equal to the number of the contestants at the start of the show. An incorrect answer breaks the chain and loses all the money accumulated up to that point; however, a contestant can say "bank" prior to their question being asked, the accumulated money is stored, and the chain resets to zero. Six contestants competed to win a top amount of 50,000 (2001–2002) and 100,000 (2002) by playing a quiz/elimination contest. At the end of each round, each player is voted off as "The Weakest Link".

The original format features a team of six contestants who take turns answering general knowledge questions. The object of each round is to create a chain of six consecutive correct answers and earn an increasing amount for a single communal pot within a certain time limit. An incorrect answer breaks the chain and loses any money earned in that chain. However, before their question is asked, a contestant can choose to bank the current amount of money earned in a chain to a safe pot, after which the chain starts afresh. A contestant's decision not to bank, in anticipation that they will be able to correctly answer the upcoming question allows the money to grow, as each successive correct answer earns proportionally more money.

When the allotted time for each round ends, any money not banked is lost, and if the host is in the middle of asking a question, or has asked a question but the contestant has yet to answer, the question is abandoned. Occasionally, the host gives the correct answer whether the contestant is able to answer the question correctly or not. The round automatically ends if the team successfully reaches the maximum amount for the round before the allotted time expires, and the next person says "Bank". Each round thereafter is reduced by 10 seconds as players are eliminated. The remaining two players have 90 seconds on the clock for the triple stakes round.

The first person to be asked a question in the first round is the player whose name is the first alphabetically in the original version. Every subsequent round starts with the "strongest link"—the player with the most correct answers—from the previous round, unless that person has been voted off, in which case the second strongest answers first.

The money tree was as follows:

2001–2002

2002 
At the end of each round, contestants must vote one player out of the game. Until the beginning of the next round, only the television audience knows exactly who the strongest and weakest links are statistically due to Goldwell's narration. While the contestants work as a team when answering questions, they are at this point encouraged to be ruthless with one another. Players often decide to vote off weaker rivals, but occasionally opt to eliminate stronger players as well. After the revealing of the votes, the host will interrogate the players on their choice of voting, the reasons behind their choice, as well as about their background and their interests. After interrogation, the player with the most votes is given a stern "You are the weakest link. Goodbye!" and must walk off the stage in what is called the "Walk of shame." In the event of a tie, the strongest link has the final decision about who is eliminated. If they voted for a tied player, they have the option of sticking with their vote or changing it. The strongest link usually sticks with their original choice, unless another player in the tie has voted for them. Occasionally, the strongest link has voted for someone who is not in the tie, and so is forced to change their decision one way or the other.

The final two contestants work together in a final round identical to the previous ones; however, all money banked at the end of this round is tripled and added to the current money pool, forming the final total for the game. At the end of this round, there is no elimination, with the game instead moving to a head to head round.

For the head to head round, the remaining two players are each required to answer five questions each in a penalty shootout format. The strongest link from the previous round chooses who goes first. Whoever has the most correct answers at the end of the round wins the game. In the event of a tie, the game goes to "sudden death". Each player continues to be asked questions as usual, until one person answers a question correctly and the other incorrectly.

The winner of the game takes home all of the money accumulated in the prize pool for the game, and the loser leaves with nothing, like all previous eliminated players. From 2001–2002, the maximum is 50,000 and In 2002, the maximum cash jackpot is 100,000.

"The Weakest Link" won the CableACE Award in 2002 for Best Excellence.


Anne Robinson

Anne Josephine Robinson (born 26 September 1944) is an English television presenter and game show host. She was born in Crosby, Lancashire. She is best known for presenting BBC quiz show, "The Weakest Link" from 2000-2012 which earned her the nickname "Queen of Mean". In the United States she presented "Weakest Link" for three series on NBC. She is one of the presenters on the long-running British consumer affairs series, "Watchdog" from 1993-2001 and again from 2009-2015, on 28th June 2021, she became the new host of the long-running game show Countdown. 

In 2001, Robinson was diagnosed with skin cancer, for which she had surgery.

Scooch

Scooch are a British bubblegum dance group. The members of Scooch are Natalie Powers, Caroline Barnes, David Ducasse, and Russ Spencer. They formed in 1998.

Scooch represented the United Kingdom in the Eurovision Song Contest 2007 in Helsinki, Finland, with their song "Flying the Flag (for You)".

The song reached #5 in the UK Top 40 Singles Chart on 13 May 2007. People had already had the chance to download the song 2 months before. If however the download and CD were released at the same time it is considered that they would have been #1 in the UK for 2 weeks in a row.

Scooch performed in 19th place on the final night and after the votes were confirmed, came 22nd out of 24 entries. The quartet received 7 points from Ireland and the maximum 12 points from Malta. This was the first time since 2002 that a UK Eurovision entrant had received the maximum 12 points in the competition from any country.


Rock art

Rock art is a term in archaeology for any markings that were made on natural stone by human beings. They can be divided into:


In addition, there is rock art made by aligning or piling natural stones. The stones themselves are used as large markings on the ground.

One can find petroglyphs and pictographs on the walls of a cave or on rock in open-air.

Rock art has also been described as rock records, rock sculptures, rock inscriptions, rock carvings, rock paintings, rock engravings, rock drawings, rock pictures,




Edward Teach

Edward Teach (1680 – 22 November 1718) was a pirate, often called Blackbeard the Pirate". (It is not clear what his real name actually was; some historians think that his last name may really have been Thatch.) He attacked ships in the Caribbean and the American colonies. His flagship ship was the captured French slave ship "La Concorde" which Blackbeard renamed "Queen Anne's Revenge". About 1718 it ran aground near Beaufort Inlet, North Carolina and was abandoned.

Blackbeard often fought wearing a big feathered tricorn hat, and with lots of swords, knives, and pistols. Some pictures show him with lighted rope matches woven into his enormous black beard during battle. The matches burned slowly and gave of lots of smoke. They were designed to make him look frightening. He probably got the idea from seeing the burning rope was used to light the gunpowder in cannons and guns. (These old fashioned guns were called "matchlocks", later a flint was used to make a spark, these were called flintlock guns). No one knows how many wives Blackbeard had. The book "A General History of the Pirates" says that he had as many as fourteen wives, but he was not legally married to most of them.

Blackbeard is thought to have been born in Bristol, England. Teach went to sea when he was very young. He served on an English ship in the War of the Spanish Succession, privateering in the Spanish West Indies and along the Spanish Main. At the war's end in 1713, Teach, like many other privateers, turned to piracy. Blackbeard was born in a trade epicenter and he grew up knowing about sailing. Many merchant ships landed and traded there. 

He began as a pirate under Benjamin Hornigold. In 1716, Hornigold retired, taking advantage of an amnesty offered to former privateers by the British government. Teach then took command of his own ship.

During the next two years Blackbeard attacked merchant ships, forcing them to allow his crew to board their ship. The pirates would seize all of the valuables, food, liquor, and weapons. Ironically, despite his ferocious reputation, there are no verified accounts of him actually killing anyone.

The Lieutenant-Governor of Virginia, Alexander Spotswood sent two ships after Blackbeard. On 18 November 1718, Lt. Robert Maynard sailed from Hampton, Virginia to Ocracoke Inlet, North Carolina. On 22 November 1718, Maynard and his men defeated Blackbeard and the pirates. The most complete account of the following events comes from the "Boston News-Letter": 
Teach was said to have been shot five times and stabbed more than twenty times before he died and was decapitated. Legends about his death immediately sprang up. His headless body, was thrown overboard, but swam three times around the ship before sinking. Teach's head was placed as a trophy on the bowsprit of the ship. Captain Maynard had to keep the head to claim his prize when he returned home. Later, Teach's head hung from a pike in Bath, Somerset.

Jenolan Caves

Jenolan Caves are limestone caves in the Blue Mountains, New South Wales, Australia, 175 kilometres west of Sydney. They are the most visited of several similar groups in the limestone of the country, and the oldest discovered open caves in the world. Since 2008, Jenolan Caves has won many tourism awards, including 'Best Tourist Attraction' from Tourism Australia, in 2011. 

They have many Silurian marine fossils. The calcite formations are sometimes pure white and are know for being very beautiful. 

The cave network is very large, with over 40 km of multi-level passages, and the complex is still undergoing active exploration. 

Several kilometres of the caves have been rendered accessible to paying visitors and are well lit.

By measuring the ratio of radioactive potassium and trapped argon gas, which was produced when the potassium decayed, scientists determined the age of the clay in the caves to be approximately 340 million years old, thereby making the cave complex the world's oldest known and dated open cave system. The Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organisation (CSIRO) in association with the University of Sydney and the Australian Museum lead the efforts in scientific research into the caves.

For tens of thousands of years, the Jenolan area has been part of the culture of local indigenous peoples. This beautiful and mysterious place hold special significance to the Gundungurra people, who knew it as 'Binomil' or 'Bin-oo-mur'. Gundungurra people's knowledge of the caves goes back a long way, as there is a Dreamtime creation story about how the whole countryside came into being. The story describes an almighty struggle between two ancestral creator spirits - one a giant eel-like creature, Gurangatch, and the other, Mirrigan, a large native cat or quoll. In the early years of the 20th century, the Gundungurra people penetrated the caves as far as the subterranean water, carrying sick people to be bathed in this water, which they believed to have great curative powers.

In approximately 1835-40 the area was recorded for the first time by either James, Charles or Alf Whalan, three brothers who each claimed to have discovered the caves while searching for a bushranger, James McKeown, whom they claimed used the caves as a hide-out. One of the less-visited caverns in the area is called McKeown's Hole, however there is no actual evidence of his existence. It is more likely the brothers were searching for cattle that had strayed from their nearby farm.[citation needed]

Located 3 hours drive for day visitors from Sydney and Canberra, Jenolan Caves attracts over 250,000 visitors a year, making it one of the most popular tourist locations in rural New South Wales.

There is no public transport to Jenolan Caves. However, there are large carparks and a range of coach operators bring tourists from Sydney and Katoomba every day.

Ten of the area's "dark caves" are open for regular guided tours every day (1 to 2 hours per tour). These 'show' cave tour sizes vary; for example the delicate Pool of Cerberus Cave can have only 8 on a tour, while the Lucas Cave (with its large chambers) can have up to 65 people per tour. 

Tours also vary in difficulty, for example the Imperial Cave has the fewest stairs, while the River Cave is the most strenuous. However, the average tourist can tour any of these 'show' caves. 

A self-guided tour of the huge Nettle Cave/Devils Coach House is also available in a range of languages. Night tours run every night except Sundays, including the popular ghost tour, 'Legends, Mysteries & Ghosts'.

Several undeveloped caves are available for Adventure Caving (2 hours to all-day tours). These Adventure Caving tours include the Plughole Tour, which runs daily and includes basic abseiling. Other more challenging Adventure Caving tours are available.

When visiting Jenolan Caves, tourists can stay at the heritage-listed Jenolan Caves House hotel, designed in 1897 by government architect, Walter Liberty Vernon, as a resort or retreat for the wealthy. To cater for the expectations of the well-to-do, Vernon included a ballroom and grand dining room (now Chisolm's Restaurant). Chisolm's is open for dinner every day, serving modern Australian cuisine. Facilities include an hotel/motel complex, self-contained cottages, restaurant, bar and cafe.

The huge Jenolan Reserve is a National Park, located in the World Heritage Blue Mountains Area, where signposted bush trails enable tourists to glimpse Australian birds and native wildlife, including kangaroos and platypus.

Sizzler

Sizzler is a chain of steakhouse restaurants in the United States and other countries around the world.

Báb

Siyyid `Alí Muḥammad (20 October 1819 – 9 July 1850) was a merchant from Shíráz, Iran who started a version of Shia Islam called Bábism. After he started the religion, he changed his name to Báb. People who believe in the Báb are called Bábís, and they believe that the Báb was a prophet. Bábís also believe that the Báb is the Qá'im that Shi'as believe will come in the future.

The Báb wrote hundreds of letters and books teaching who he was and what the rules of his religion were. The Báb's new rules replaced the "Sharia law" or Muslim rules for his followers. Bábism became very large; over ten thousand people believed in the Báb. The Shi'a clergy, or leaders of Islam in Iran hated the Báb and tried to harm people who followed his religion. In 1850 a firing squad shot the Báb in Tabríz, Iran.

The Báb had other names, for example the ""Primal Point"" and the ""Point of the Bayán.""

The Báb told everyone that another prophet who was stronger and even more powerful was coming soon. People who follow the Bahá'í religion believe the Báb was talking about Bahá'u'lláh, who started the Bahá'í religion.

The Báb was born on October 20, 1819, in Shiraz, Iran. His father was a merchant, and many people in the town knew him. Very soon after the Báb was born, his father died. The Báb's uncle Ḥájí Mírzá Siyyid `Alí was also a merchant, and he raised the Báb.

When the Báb became an adult, he started working as a merchant with his uncle. In 1842 he married a woman named Khadíjih-Bagum. Together they had one son, who they named Aḥmad. Aḥmad was very sick and died when as a baby. Someone who lived at the same time as the Báb said he was very calm and quiet; they said the Báb only spoke who he had too, and did not even answer questions. The Báb was always thinking and praying. People said he was handsome, and had a thin beard. He always dressed in clean clothes, and wore a green scarf and a black turban, or wrap of cloth on his head.

Shaykh Ahmad-i-Ahsa'i started a Shi'a Islam religious group in Persia in the 1790s. The member of the group, who were called Shaykhis, believes that god was sending a new messenger to earth very soon. They called the new messenger the Qá'im, or theMahdi. When Shaykh Ahmad died, Siyyid Kázim, who was from Rasht, Iran, became the new leader of the Shaykhis. Shaykh Ahmad lived was born in 1753 and he died in 1862. Siyyid Kázim was born in 1793 and he died in 1843.

When the Báb went on a pilgrimage to Karbala and the places near it, he may have listened to Siyyid Kázim teach. Nobody knows for sure if he did or did not, because there are very few documents or records from that time.

When Siyyid Kázim was dying, in December, he told all his followers—people who believe what he taught—that they should travel and try to find the new prophet from god. He called that prophet "The Lord of the Age", and told them that he would be discovered very soon. One of the people who believed Siyyid Kázim prayed and fasted, or stopped eating from dawn to dusk for forty days - his name was Mullá Ḥusayn. After that he travelled to Shiraz, and he met the Báb.

Mullá Ḥusayn got to Shiraz on May 23, 1844. A young man wearing a green turban greeted him after he had not been in Shiraz for very long. In Iran at that time, only people who were related to the prophet Muḥammad wore green turbans. Men who were related to the prophet Muḥammad were called Siyyids. The young man was the Báb, and he invited Mullá Ḥusayn to his home.

The Báb asked Mullá Ḥusayn why he was in Shiraz, and Mullá Ḥusayn told him that he was searching for the new prophet, or Promised One. The Báb asked Mullá Ḥusayn how he would know who the prophet way. Mullá Ḥusayn told him that the prophet would come from a famous and good family, and would know many things without having to learn them, also that he would have no problems with his body. Then the Báb said that all of those things were true about himself. ""Behold, all these signs are manifest in me."" The Báb was saying that he was the new prophet Mullá Ḥusayn had been looking for. This shocked, or startled Mullá Ḥusayn.

Mullá Ḥusayn had one more way to know who the new prophet was, and he had not told the Báb about. Siyyid Káẓim had told Mullá Ḥusayn that the new prophet would write a book explaining the Surih of Joseph. Siyyid Káẓim had also said that the new prophet would do this without anyone asking him to. After the Báb told Mullá Ḥusayn that he was the new prophet, he wrote a book about the Surih of Joseph. The Báb called that book the Qayyúmu'l-Asmá'

After spending the night talking to the Báb Mullá Husayn said this. (The words below might be hard to read.)

Mullá Ḥusayn was the Báb's first disciple. A student of a religious leader is called a disciple. In less than five months, seventeen more students of Siyyid Káẓim became disciples of the Báb. All of the new disciples started believing the Báb was a new manifestation, or prophet of god without anyone else's help. One of these new disciples was a woman. Her name was Zarrín Táj Baragháni, and she was a poet. Later she was given a new name,Ṭáhirih (the pure). Later people started calling the first eighteen disciples and the Báb the Letters of the Living. The Báb told the Letters of the Living that it was their job to tell people that he was the new prophet.

The Báb said that the Letters of the Living were special. In Shi'a Islam there are fourteen special people, called the "Infallibles". Shi'as believe the "Infallibles" are always right. Muhammad, the twelve Imáms, and Fatimah, are the "Infallibles" in Shi'a Islam. Just like the "Infallibles", one of the letters of the Living was a woman, and one was a prophet. Nineteen was a special number in Bábism. The Letters of the Living were very much like the Twelve Apostles of Christ.

Breakfast at Tiffany's

Breakfast at Tiffany's is a 1961 American romantic comedy-drama movie based on Truman Capote's novella (short book), and starring Audrey Hepburn and George Peppard. The movie won two Academy Awards. It was nominated for a total of five awards. It was directed by Blake Edwards, who also directed seven Pink Panther movies.

"Breakfast at Tiffany's" is about a young woman named Holly Golightly. Holly suffered an abusive childhood, along with her brother, Fred. She and Fred ran from the abuse, and were taken in by "Doc" Golightly, who married her when she was about fourteen. Soon after, the marriage was annulled, and Holly again ran in search of a happier life. She eventually landed in New York City, where she became a high society escort, trying to raise money to make a home for herself and her brother. 
Paul Varjak, an aspiring writer being kept by an older woman, moves into Holly's building. Paul is amused by Holly's madcap lifestyle, and Holly sees Paul as a sort of "kindred spirit" in that they both are engaged in questionable business pursuits. They quickly form a friendship, but at some point, Paul's feelings turn romantic. The romantic attraction becomes mutual after a day of high-spirited fun; however, Holly's fear of being "caged" leads her to reject the relationship. 
After some time passes and Holly suffers a series of setbacks, she is reunited with Paul, and has to decide whether she should keep running from commitment, or accept the love he offers. The movie ends with a very famous scene of Holly, her "no-name" cat, and Paul embracing in the rain.

Holly suffers from bouts of anxiety (the "mean reds"), and finds spending time at Tiffany & Co. calming. She feels "nothing very bad" can happen to a person in such elegant surroundings. Though she clearly aspires to own beautiful and expensive things, it also seems she yearns for the sense of stability and protection she associates with wealth. She sometimes gets a breakfast pastry in the morning and takes it with her to look in the store. When she spends a day with Paul, she takes him to Tiffany & Co., so they can look at all the fine jewelry, and he can experience one of her favorite places.


Juan Ignacio Molina

Juan Ignacio Molina. Born June 24 1740; Died September 12 1829; Chilean Naturalist.
He is usually referred to as Abate Molina (form of Abbott Molina). He wrote "Compendio della storia geografica, naturale e civile del regno del Cile" (1776), latter translated in English, French, German and Spanish. The journal "Moliniana" is dedicated in his honour.



Mescaline

"Mescaline"' (3,4,5-trimethoxyphenethylamine) is a chemical substance. It occurs naturally in some cactuses, like the Peyote cactus, the Peruvian Torch cactus or the San Pedro cactus. Small amounts of it can also be found in certain members of the Fabaceae (bean) family, like Acacia berlandieri.

The chemical can cause hallucinations. In has been used as a drug in Native American religious ceremonies. It is illegal in many countries. Some people use it as an illegal drug.

Mescaline is used primarily as a recreational drug and is also used to supplement various types of meditation and psychedelic therapy. It is classified as a schedule I drug in the U.S., making it illegal in all forms; however, it remains legal in certain religious ceremonies registered by the Native American Church. Schedule I drugs have a high potential for abuse, no currently accepted medical use in treatment in the United States, and a lack of accepted safety for use under medical supervision.



According to the National Institute of Drug Abuse (NIDA), researchers have found that mescaline found in peyote may affect the fetus of a pregnant woman using the drug.

Psilocybin

Psilocybin is a chemical substance. It can cause hallucinations when eaten, and has also been found to reverse psychological conditioning, grow brain cells and heal the brain. It occurs in many kinds of fungi and mushrooms, most notably Psilocybin mushrooms. Most of these are known as psychedelic mushrooms. It grows in Europe, South America, Mexico, and the United States. Mushrooms that contain psilocybin are known as magic mushrooms.

The substance is used as a recreational drug. It is illegal in many countries.

Psilocybin works by activating serotonin receptors, most often in the prefrontal cortex. This part of the brain affects mood, cognition, and perception. Hallucinogens also work in other regions of the brain that regulate arousal and panic responses.

The hallucinogenic effects of psilocybin usually occur within 30 minutes after a person ingests it and last 4–6 hours. In some individuals, changes in sensory perception and thought patterns can last for several days.

In 2016, Johns Hopkins Medicine researchers first reported that treatment with psilocybin under psychologically supported conditions significantly relieved existential anxiety and depression in people.

Ketamine

Ketamine is a dissociative anesthetic. It is a type of drug a doctor might give to put someone to sleep for an operation. Ketamine can also be used as a painkiller and a bronchodilator (which makes it easier for air to get into your lungs). 
Sometimes it can lead to a special type of hallucination which makes you feel detached from yourself and the things around you which is why some people use it as a recreational drug. As it can have severe side effects, it is usually not available as an over-the-counter drug.

Ketamine was developed in 1962 as a rapid-acting dissociative anesthetic that was used in surgery. It was approved for human use by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in 1970. Unfortunately, abuse began along the West Coast and spread across the country by the 1980s. The illicit market produced new forms of the drug, available as powder, capsules, crystal rocks, tablets, and injectable solutions. The drug is largely abused intranasally (via sniffing) or orally.

The World Health Organization (WHO) lists ketamine as an essential medicine, especially as an anesthetic and analgesic. With medical supervision, ketamine is a better surgical anesthetic than many others, and it is safer for a wider range of patients. It is also the anesthetic of choice in veterinary surgery. In medicine ketamine is normally injected into a vein or muscle.
Ketamine is not the first anaesthetic a doctor would think of using in most situations because of the hallucinations it causes. On the other hand, while most anaesthetics suppress your breathing, resulting in the need for a machine to help you breathe, ketamine does not.
This can make it a useful anaesthetic when you don't have any equipment available, for example, in a war zone.

Short term side effects happen in about 40% of people and include:


In the medical setting ketamine is only given a few times so most long term effects mentioned below are found in recreational ketamine users and animal models.

There are 110 reports of people with problems in their urinary tract due to using ketamine.

Symptoms include:


These urinary tract problems are most common in people who have abused ketamine daily for a long time.

People who abuse ketamine a lot (more than 4 times a week) have been found to have impaired memory and increased depression when compared to people who don't abuse ketamine. Those who use ketamine less frequently (1-4 times per week)and those who had stopped taking ketamine showed no difference in the aforementioned parameters. This suggests that these problems with memory and mood do not affect infrequent users and might be reversible once ketamine use is stopped.

One study has recently been done using monkeys as a model to see if ketamine is toxic to the brain.
The study found that injecting the monkeys every day for 6 months with ketamine caused more cells to die in the front of their brain and also caused a decrease in activity in the areas of the brain which control movement.

Ketamine is a NMDA antagonist in the CNS. By inhibiting NMDA receptors in inhibitiory neurons in the brain, it causes increased CNS activity and sympathomimetic effects. As a result, there is not only an anaesthetic effect, but also activation of the CNS unlike other anaesthetics. This is beneficial in surgical settings because it maintains blood pressure, airway reflexes, bronchioles remain dilated and airways patent. Making this a particularly useful drug in shock and surgery patients because of blood pressure maintained with ketamine use, unlike typical anaesthetics which cause decreased BP and respiratory suppression.

One study by Evgeny Krupitsky has found that using ketamine along with psychotherapy and group therapy was a lot more effective at treating alcohol addiction than the traditional treatment.
The same scientist found that ketamine might also be useful for treating heroin addiction. Patients who had been treated for their addiction with multiple sessions of ketamine fared much better than those who had only had one session of ketamine with abstinence rates of 50% and 22.2% respectively.

Some small studies have been done which found that a single dose of ketamine was able to improve treatment resistant depression after just a few hours with the effects lasting for one week. The rapid anti-depressant effects of ketamine may prove to be a useful alternative compared to current anti-depressants which can take several weeks to have their effects.

CRPS is a disease that causes severe pain and swelling, getting worse over time.
Some studies have been done which suggest that ketamine might be useful as a painkiller for CRPS.

Diazepam

Diazepam is a benzodiazepine which has a relatively long half-life. It is mostly used to treat anxiety, certain forms of epilepsy, muscle spasms (where the muscle moves on its own, causing pain), and sleeping problems. Like with other benzodiazepines, there is a risk of addiction if used for long periods of this. For this reason the drug is used to treat acute cases (2-4 weeks maximum) to avoid dependence. According to the World Health Organization diazepam is an "essential drug". 

Diazepam is marketed under a number of names; its original trade name was Valium. It has been the most prescribed medicine in the United States many times. It is sometimes used recreationally to cause a calming effect.

Fluoxetine

Fluoxetine hydrochloride, also known by its trade name Prozac, is an antidepressant medication. It is used to treat a variety of mental illnesses, including depression, obsessive-compulsive disorder, panic disorder, and others. Fluoxetine is one of a group of antidepressants called selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs).

There are newer drugs available to treat these conditions. Nevertheless, fluoxetine remains very popular. Over 23.1 million prescriptions were filled in the United States in 2006. This makes it the third most prescribed antidepressant.

Portable Document Format

The Portable Document Format (PDF) is a file format for storing documents on a computer. Adobe created it in 1993 to make it easier to exchange documents. PDF is often used to make documents print-ready. PDF documents can have stylised text and images in them.

The document is stored in such a way that the content does not change the way it looks on different screens, computers and printers as can happen with other file formats. 

PDF is an open standard that was officially published on July 1, 2008 by the ISO.

PDF reader software is required to read PDF documents.

Ascension Island

Ascension Island is an isolated and relatively young volcanic island in the South Atlantic Ocean, some west of the mid-Atlantic Ridge, from Liberia (Cape Palmas), and from Brazil (Recife). The nearest land is Saint Helena, to the south-east.

The Ascension Island is named after the day of its recorded discovery, Ascension Day. It is part of the British Overseas Territory of Saint Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha, of which the main island is St Helena.

The island is the location of a Royal Air Force station with a United States Air Force presence, a European Space Agency station and the BBC World Service Atlantic Relay Station. There is in the island one antenna of the five that assist in the operation of the Global Positioning System (GPS) navigational system (others are on Kwajalein Island, Diego Garcia, Colorado Springs and Hawaii).

The Galician explorer João da Nova, working for Portugal, saw the Ascension island in the South Atlantic in 1501, when he was going to India; named it "ilha da Conceição" (Conception Island). En 1503 when the Portuguese navigator Afonso de Albuquerque saw the island on Ascension Day, in the church calendar, he named it after the feast day.

Organised settlement of Ascension Island began in 1815, when the British sent soldiers to the island as a precaution after imprisoning Napoleon I on Saint Helena to the southeast.

In 1836, Charles Darwin visited the Saint Helena and Ascension islands during his voyage in the Beagle. He described Ascension as an arid treeless island, with nothing growing near the coast. Sparse vegetation inland supported "about six hundred sheep, many goats, a few cows & horses", and large numbers of guineafowl imported from the Cape Verde islands, as well as rats, mice and land crabs.

In 1843, botanist and explorer Joseph Hooker visited the island. Four years later, Hooker advised the Royal Navy that with the help of Kew Gardens, they should develop a long-term plan of shipping trees to Ascension. So, from 1850 and continuing year on year, ships came each with different plants from botanical gardens in Argentina, Europe and South Africa. By the late 1870s Norfolk pines, eucalyptus, bamboo, and banana trees grew at the highest point of the island, Green Mountain, creating a tropical forest covered with clouds.

In 1899, the Eastern Telegraph Company (now part of Vodafone) installed the first underwater cable from the island, connecting the UK with its colonies in South Africa. In 1922, the Ascension island was made a dependency of Saint Helena. The island was managed by the head of the Eastern Telegraph Company on the island until 1964 when the British Government appointed an Administrator to represent the Governor of Saint Helena on Ascension.

In 1981, the British government changed the status of Saint Helena and the other Crown colonies to "British Dependent Territories".

In 2009, Saint Helena and its two territories received equal status under a new constitution, and the British Overseas Territory was renamed Saint Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha.

The island is roughly triangular in plan, about 13 km across, with
an area of , and has about 100 km of coastline. While the west and north-west coasts have sandy beaches, the south and southeast coasts form steep cliffs.

The highest point of the island is Green Mountain, or just "The Peak" (), which is high. Other high mountains are Weather Post (680 m - 1,995 ft), White Hill (525 m - 1,722 ft) and Sisters Peak (445 m - 1,460 ft).

There are several small islands (islets) and rocks surrounding the Ascension Island; the largest is Boatswainbird Island, north of the eastern part of the island.

Ascension island has a tropical but oceanic climate, with little changes from one season to another. The island is in the path of the South-East Trade Winds, and southeast and easterly winds blow for more than half of every month.

The Köppen climate classification subtype for this climate is Am ("Tropical Monsoon Climate").

The temperature is constant throughout the year. Monthly average maximum temperatures at sea-level vary only between about 27 °C and 31 °C. At 660 m on Green Mountain maximum temperatures are typically about 13 °C lower and minimum temperatures about 7 °C lower than
at sea-level. The relative humidity at sea-level is around 70%.

The average temperature for the year in Georgetown is 25.6 °C (78.0 °F). The warmest month, on average, is March with an average temperature of 27.8 °C (82.0 °F). The coolest month on average is August, with an average temperature of 24.4 °C (76.0 °F).

The human population is about 1,000, made up of civilians
working for the RAF and USAF, and a small number of military personnel. The personnel are mainly from the UK, USA and St Helena, none of whom are permanent residents.

There are five settlements:


Two Boats School is the only school on the island and provides education to all resident children 3½–16 years old.


Ashmore and Cartier Islands

The Territory of the Ashmore and Cartier Islands () is the collective name for two groups of small low-lying uninhabited tropical islands. The islands are in the Indian Ocean north-west of Australia and south of the Indonesian island of Roti. The Australian mainland is about to the southwest, the island of Timor (and Roti next to it) is about to the north.

The territory includes Ashmore Reef (West, Middle, and East Islets) and Cartier Island east with, a total area of within the reefs and including the lagoons, and of dry land. They have a long coastline, over , but there are no ports or harbours, only offshore anchorage. Nearby Hibernia Reef, northeast of Ashmore Reef, is not part of the territory, because it has no permanently dry land area, although large parts of the reef become exposed during low tide.

The territory is administered from Canberra by the Australian Department of the Environment and Heritage. Therefore, it is a dependency within the commonwealth. The islands are visited by seasonal caretakers.

Australian Antarctic Territory

The Australian Antarctic Territory (AAT) is the part of Antarctica claimed by Australia and is the largest part of Antarctica claimed by any nation. The area is about 6.119.818 km². Only the staff of research stations live in the territory.

Victoria Land was first claimed for Britain on 9 January 1841 and Britain claimed Enderby Land in 1930. In 1933, a British imperial order transferred territory south of 60° S and between meridians 160 E and 45 E to Australia. On 13 February 1954 , Mawson Station was set up. It was the first Australian station on the continent proper. 

Australia's claim to sovereignty over the Australian Antarctic Territory is recognised by the United Kingdom, New Zealand, France and Norway . As Australia is part of the Antarctic Treaty System, which accommodates differences of opinions over the status of Antarctic territorial claims which pre-dated the 1959 Antarctic Treaty - effectively placing claims in abeyance - Australia only exercises its sovereignty in ways that in its view are consistent with good relations under the Antarctic Treaty.

Australia issues postage stamps for the Australian Antarctic Territory. The first issues came in 1957, and sporadically thereafter, settling into a pattern of an annual issue by the 1990s. All have been Antarctic-themed, and all are valid for postage in Australia, so in practice they are just Australian stamps with a different inscription.

Assigned the country calling code +672, four Antarctic bases operated by Australia can be reached by direct calling from anywhere in the world. The area codes are 10-6 for Davis, 11-7 for Mawson, 12-8 for Casey and 13-9 for Macquarie Island, in each case followed by three additional digits.


British Antarctic Territory

The British Antarctic Territory is a sector of Antarctica claimed by the United Kingdom and is a British overseas territory. It is a triangle in Antarctica from the South Pole to 60° S latitude between longitudes 20° W and 80° W. The Territory was formed on March 3, 1962, although the UK first claimed this part of the Antarctic in 1908. Before 1962, the area now covered by the Territory comprised three separate dependencies of the Falkland Islands;

The Territory overlaps other claims on Antarctica by Argentina and Chile

The Territory is inhabited largely by the staff of research and support stations operated and maintained by the British Antarctic Survey and other organisations.

The United Kingdom has had a presence in the South Atlantic since 1833 when it occupied the Falkland Islands. In 1908 the UK claimed the territory that is British Antarctic Territory today, as well as South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands. The territory was governed as three separate dependencies; Graham Land, the South Orkneys, and the South Shetlands, administered from Falkland Islands by the Governor.

In addition to continental Antarctica, within which the BAT claim includes the Palmer Land peninsula, and the Ronne Ice Shelf, Weddell Sea, the territory also includes the South Shetland Islands and South Orkney Islands.

It is administered by the Foreign and Commonwealth Office (FCO). A Commissioner is appointed and is always the Head of the FCO's Overseas Territories Department.

The Territory has a full suite of laws, and legal and postal administrations. Given the provisions of the Antarctic Treaty System, the Territory does not enforce its laws on foreign nations who maintain scientific bases within the Territory. It is self-financing, with income from the sale of postage stamps and income tax.

The British Antarctic Survey has three permanently staffed research stations in the Territory:


British Indian Ocean Territory

The British Indian Ocean Territory is a dependency of the United Kingdom. It includes many small islands in the Indian Ocean. The territory is the seven atolls of the Chagos Archipelago with over 1,000 individual islandsmany very small. There is a total land area of . The largest island is Diego Garcia. 

Both India and Mauritius claim the territories, and do not recognise the United Kingdom's authority over the Chagos Archipelago. India does not recognise Anglo sovereignty over these "Cultural Indo-Indian/Indies islands" and has disputed their status since 1947.
The natives of these islands were deported (made to leave their homes) by the British government. They were sent to Mauritius and the Seychelles. This happened in 1968 to 1973, to allow the United States to build a joint UK/US military base. In 2000, the High Court of the UK first ruled that the natives had the right to return home, but the government have been fighting hard against this court decision, and many of the natives are still said to be trying to move back to the islands.

Christmas Island

The Territory of Christmas Island is a small island that belongs to Australia. It is in the Indian Ocean, 2600 kms northwest of Perth in Western Australia and 500 km south of Jakarta, Indonesia.

About 1,600 people live on Christmas Island, mostly in a number of "settlement areas" on the north of the island:


Christmas Island is far from other islands. That is why many of the plants and animals are only found on that Island. Much of it is undisturbed by humans.

There used to be mining on the island, but now 65% of Christmas Island is National Park.

Captain William Mynors of the British East India Company ship, the "Royal Mary", gave the island its name because they arrived on Christmas Day, 25 December 1643.

The earliest recorded visit was in March 1688 by William Dampier of the British ship "Cygnet". Dampier was blown away from the direction he wanted to go, and he got lost. After 28 days he arrived on Christmas Island. Two of his crewmen were the first recorded people to set foot on Christmas Island.

There were several visits and explorations of the island, but it was only when valuable phosphate of lime was discovered that the island was "annexed to" (claimed by) the British Crown on 6 June 1888.

Soon afterwards, a small settlement was started in Flying Fish Cove by G. Clunies Ross, the owner of the Keeling Islands (some 900 kilometres to the south west) to collect timber and supplies for the growing industry on Cocos.

Phosphate mining began in the 1890s using indentured workers from Singapore, China, and Malaysia.

The island was ruled jointly by the British Phosphate Commissioners and District Officers from the United Kingdom Colonial Office through the Straits Settlements, and later the Crown Colony of Singapore.

Japan invaded and occupied the island in 1942, as the Indian garrison mutinied, and they interned the residents (made them stay where they were) until the end of World War II in 1945.

Australia asked the United Kingdom to allow them to rule the island; in 1957, the Australian government paid the government of Singapore £2.9 million in compensation. This amount of money was decided by guessing how much the phosphate given up by Singapore was worth.
The first Australian Official Representative arrived in 1958 and was replaced by an Administrator in 1968. Christmas Island and the Cocos (Keeling) Islands together are called the Australian Indian Ocean Territories and since 1997 share one Administrator who lives on Christmas Island.

Since the late 1980s boatloads of refugees have gone to Christmas Island, mostly from Indonesia. During 2001, Christmas Island received a large number of asylum seekers travelling by boat, most of them from the Middle East and intending to apply for asylum in Australia. The Norwegian cargo vessel MV "Tampa" rescued people from a sinking Indonesian fishing-boat "Palapa". The ship had 420 asylum seekers from Afghanistan, 13 from Sri Lanka, and five from Indonesia. The captain of the ship asked to let the refugees leave the ship at Christmas Island. The Australian SAS boarded and took control. The asylum seekers were sent to Nauru. Another boatload of asylum seekers was taken from Christmas Island to Papua New Guinea. It was said that many of the adult asylum seekers threw their children into the water in protest at being turned away. This was later proved to be untrue. Many of the refugees were accepted by New Zealand.

The Australian Parliament later passed a law to ban people who arrive on Christmas Island from being able automatically to claim refugee status. This allows the Australian navy to move them to other countries (Papua New Guinea's Manus Island, and Nauru). In 2005, the Department of Immigration began to build an "Immigration Reception and Processing Centre", completed in 2007 at the cost of $210 million. It has 800 beds.

Christmas Island is a non-self governing territory of Australia. The Queen of Australia is represented by an administrator appointed by the Governor-General. Neil Lucas was appointed administrator on 28 January 2006.

Federal government services are provided through the Department of Transport and Regional Services and the Christmas Island Administration.

The Western Australian Government and other contractors provide state government services, but because Christmas Island is a territory the Commonwealth (federal) Australian Government pay the costs.

The local government is the Shire of Christmas Island. This council has 9 members, half the members are elected every two years.

Christmas Island residents who are Australian citizens also vote in Commonwealth elections for the Northern Territory's Lingiari constituency of the House of Representatives. They are represented in the Senate by Northern Territory Senators.

In early 1986 the Christmas Island Assembly held a design competition for an island flag; the winning design was adopted as the informal flag of the territory for more than ten years, and in 2002 it was made the official flag of Christmas Island.

The annual red crab mass migration (around 100 million animals) to the sea to spawn has been called one of the wonders of the natural world and takes place each year around November; after the start of the wet season and in synchronisation with the cycle of the moon.

The Christmas Island National Park covers 63% of the island. This means that for the visitor interested in plants and animals there is a great deal to see. There is also lots of amazing marine life in the sea.



General

Tourism

Cocos (Keeling) Islands

The Territory of Cocos (Keeling) Islands () is a territory of Australia. There are two atolls and twenty-seven coral islands in the group. The islands are in the Indian Ocean, about one-half of the way from Australia to Sri Lanka. 

Captain William Keeling was the first European to see the islands, in 1609, but they remained uninhabited until the nineteenth century, when they became a possession of the Clunies-Ross Family. Slaves were brought to work the coconut plantation from Indonesia, the Cape of Good Hope and East Asia by Alexander Hare who had taken part in Stamford Raffles' takeover of Java in 1811. A Scottish merchant seaman called Captain John Clunies-Ross, who had also served under Raffles in the takeover, set up a compound and Hare's severely mistreated slaves soon escaped to work under better conditions for Clunies-Ross. 

On November 23 1955, the islands were transferred to Australian control under the "Cocos (Keeling) Islands Act 1955". In the 1970s, Australian government dissatisfaction with the Clunies-Ross feudal style of rule of the island increased. In 1978, Australia forced the family to sell the islands for the sum of AU$6,250,000, using the threat of compulsory purchase. By agreement the family retained ownership of Oceania House, their home on the island. However, in 1983 the Australian government moved to dishonour this agreement, and told the former last ruler, John Clunies-Ross, that he should leave the Cocos. The following year the High Court of Australia ruled that the government could not buy Oceania House. Instead the Australian government ordered that no government business was to be given to his shipping company, an action which contributed to his bankruptcy. John Clunies-Ross lives in exile in Perth, Australia, but his successors still live on the Cocos.

In 2004 there were 629 people living on the Cocos (Keeling) islands. There are about 120 Europeans on West Island and 500 Malays on Home Island. A Cocos dialect of Malay and English are the main languages spoken and 80% of Cocos Islanders are Sunni Muslim. India does not recognise Anglo annexation of these Cultural Indo-Indian/Indies islands as part of Australia and disputes it's status to counterbalance regional hegemonic sea power. 

The capital of the Territory of Cocos (Keeling) Islands is West Island while the largest settlement is the village of Bantam (Home Island). Governance of the islands is based on the "Cocos (Keeling) Islands Act 1955" 

Notes

Heard Island and McDonald Islands

The Territory of Heard Island and McDonald Islands (abbreviated as HIMI ) is a territory of Australia. They are islands in the Indian Ocean. They are about two-thirds of the way from Madagascar to Antarctica. 

The islands are a UNESCO World Heritage Site.

The islands were discovered in 1833 by the British sailor Peter Kemp. They have been territories of Australia since 1947.

Big Ben is an active volcano. The volcano is also known as "Mawson Peak".

The group's size is 372 km² in area.


Ross Dependency

The Ross Dependency is an area of Antarctica (and other land masses in the Southern Ocean) claimed by New Zealand. The Dependency takes its name from Sir James Clark Ross, who discovered the Ross Sea.

The Dependency includes part of Victoria Land, and most of the Ross Ice Shelf. Ross Island, Balleny Islands and the small Scott Island also form part of the Dependency, as does the ice-covered Roosevelt Island.

The scientific bases of Scott Base (New Zealand) and McMurdo Station (USA) are the only permanently occupied human settlements in the area – apart from the Amundsen-Scott South Pole Station at the very edge of the territory. The Dependency has a snow runway at Williams Field, and depending on conditions and time of year, two ice runways. This allows wheeled and ski equipped aircraft to come and go, year round.

The British government took possession of the territory in 1923 and entrusted it to the administration of New Zealand. Under the provisions of the Antarctic Treaty System, to which New Zealand is a signatory, no nation may make efforts to enforce sovereignty or territorial claims over the Antarctic continent proper. If one accepts the claim, the Ross Dependency comprises the bulk of the territory of New Zealand, far larger than the North Island and the South Island combined. However, the actual amount of land mass claimed is not large; most of the area defined as being in the Ross Dependency is either in the Ross Sea or the Antarctic Ocean. It is the smallest of the claims which were made prior to the implementation of the Antarctic Treaty System and the suspension of all territorial claims to Antarctica proper.

The Governor-General of New Zealand is also the Governor of Ross Dependency. Officers of the Government of the Ross Dependency are annually appointed to run the Dependency.

In the late 1980s, the British non-governmental exploratory vessel "Southern Quest" sank in the Ross Sea, United States Coast Guard helicopters rescued the crew, who were taken to McMurdo Station.


Tristan da Cunha

Tristan da Cunha is a group of remote volcanic islands in the south Atlantic Ocean and also the main island of that group. Tristan da Cunha is the most remote archipelago (group of islands) and the most remote inhabited archipelago in the world; it is at from the nearest land, South Africa, and from South America.

The territory consists of the main island of Tristan da Cunha itself, which measures about across and has an area of , along with the uninhabited Nightingale Islands and the wildlife reserves of Inaccessible Island and Gough Island.

Tristan da Cunha is part of the British overseas territory of Saint Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha. This includes Saint Helena to its north and equatorial Ascension Island even further north. The island has a permanent population of 275 (2009 figures).

The islands were first seen in 1506 by Portuguese explorer Tristan da Cunha (), but he did not go to land because rough seas. He gave its name to the principal island of the group () but it was soon changed by to "Tristan da Cunha".

In 1643 the crew of the Dutch ship "Heemstede" made the first recorded landing. In 1656 Jan van Riebeeck, the governor of Cape Town, sent a ship to the archipelago to see if it was possible to establish a military station but the project was abandoned.

Tristan da Cunha also discovered in 1506 the Inaccessible Island; its present name was given by French Capt. d'Escheverry (or d'Etchevery). In that same year, the Portuguese Gonçalo Alvarez discovered the Gough Island and named the island after him. It was re-discovered by the British Capt. Charles Gough who also gave its name to the island.

The Nightingale Island was discovered by Dutch sailors in 1656 and named it "Gebroocken Eiland". The British Capt. Gamaliel Nightingale, who visited the group in 1760, gave his name to the island.

The first study of the archipelago was made by the French frigate "L'Heure du Berger" in 1767. The results of the survey were published by A. Dalrymple in 1781.
The first permanent settler was Jonathan Lambert, from Salem, Massachusetts, United States, who came to the islands in December 1810. He declared the islands his property and named them the "Islands of Refreshment". Lambert's rule was short-lived, as he died in 1812.

In 1816 the United Kingdom formally annexed the islands, ruling them from the Cape Colony in South Africa. It was a measure to ensure that the French would be unable to use the islands as a base for a rescue operation to free Napoleon Bonaparte from his prison on Saint Helena. The occupation also prevented the United States from using Tristan da Cunha as a base, as they had during the War of 1812.

In 1867, Prince Alfred, Duke of Edinburgh and second son of Queen Victoria, visited the islands. The main settlement, Edinburgh of the Seven Seas, was named in honour of his visit. Lewis Carroll's youngest brother, the Rev. Edwin H. Dodgson, served as an Anglican missionary and school teacher in Tristan da Cunha in the 1880s.

On 12 January 1938, the Tristan da Cunha archipelago was made a dependency of Saint Helena. In 1981, the British government changed the status of Saint Helena and the other Crown colonies to "British Dependent Territories".

The 1961 eruption of Queen Mary's Peak forced the evacuation of the entire population via Cape Town to England. The following year a Royal Society expedition went to the islands to assess the damage, and reported that the settlement of Edinburgh of the Seven Seas had been only marginally affected. Most families returned in 1963.

In 2009, Saint Helena and its two territories received equal status under a new constitution, and the British Overseas Territory was renamed Saint Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha.

The islands of Tristan da Cunha are the peaks of volcanoes associated with the Mid-Atlantic Ridge. At 200,000 years old, the main island is the youngest of the group, while Nightingale is the oldest: 12 million years. Inaccessible and Gough are 3 to 5 million years old.

Tristan da Cunha is the name of the archipelago and of the main island of the group; the archipelago consists of the following islands:


Inaccessible Island and the Nightingale Islands are located southwest of the main island, while Gough Island is located south-southeast. The main island is quite mountainous; the only flat area is the location of the capital, Edinburgh of the Seven Seas, on the northwest coast. The highest point is a volcano called Queen Mary's Peak ; it is covered by snow in winter. The other islands of the group are uninhabited, except for the weather station on Gough Island, which has been operated by South Africa since 1956 (since 1963 at its present location at Transvaal Bay on the southeast coast), with a staff of six.

The climate of the islands is temperate and oceanic, with a mean air temperature at sea level at Tristan of 15 °C (59 °F), with relatively small daily and seasonal variation. On Gough it is a few degrees colder. Rainfall is high: 1700 mm annually at the Tristan Settlement, and 3300 mm at Gough. Strong winds are common. Mean wind speed is about 40 km/h. Wind speed increases strongly with altitude, while temperature decreases. Thus, while the lowlands experience quite pleasant weather, the uplands may be covered in snow or battered by very strong winds.

The Köppen climate classification subtype for the climate in Edinburgh of the Seven Seas is Cfb (Marine West Coast Climate).

The average temperature for the year in Edinburgh of the Seven Seas, with an elevation of 23 m, is 13.9 °C (57.0 °F). The warmest month, on average, is February with an average temperature of 17.8 °C (64.0 °F). The coolest month on average is August, with an average temperature of 10.6 °C (51.0 °F).

The average amount of precipitation for the year in Edinburgh of the Seven Seas is 1612.9 mm. The month with the most precipitation on average is August with 160 mm of precipitation. The month with the least precipitation on average is February with an average of 91.4 mm.

The islands have a population of about 275. The only settlement is Edinburgh of the Seven Seas (known locally as "The Settlement of Edinburgh" or, more common, just "The Settlement"). The only religion is Christianity, with denominations of Anglican and Roman Catholic. The current population is thought to have descended from 15 ancestors, eight males and seven females, who arrived on the island at various times between 1816 and 1908. The male founders originated from Scotland, England, The Netherlands, the United States and Italy and share just eight surnames: Glass (Scottish), Green (Dutch), Hagan (Irish), Lavarello (Italian, a typical Ligurian surname), Patterson (Scottish), Repetto (Italian, another typical Ligurian surname), Rogers (English) and Swain (English).

Frozen dinner

A frozen dinner is a kind of ready-to-prepare meal, or convenience food. Frozen dinners are prepared in bulk, cooked until ready to serve, divided into single servings for freezing, to be reheated later. An entrée of meat or other protein is included, along with vegetables, a carbohydrate food (such as potatoes or rice), and a sweet dessert.

Frozen dinners are helpful for people who do not have time to cook, or who lack meal-planning or cooking skills. They are also known as "TV dinners", because they were long advertised as suitable to warm up and eat while watching television. Both inventions became popular at around the same time (during the 1950s), and each one sold more of the other.

For many years, frozen dinners came packaged with a shaped aluminium foil cooking tray. This made them easy to reheat in a normal gas or electric stove's oven. The trays were sometimes reused or recycled by users. When microwave ovens became common, frozen dinners could not be cooked in them because the metal tray would damage the oven. Early packaged foods for the microwave often could not be cooked in a regular oven, because the heat would make the package catch fire or fall apart. New packaging had to be developed, so the same frozen dinner could be heated in both kinds of ovens. This succeeded during the 1980s. Some new trays can be reused, while others are made of paper and meant to be thrown away.

The quality of food in frozen dinners has also improved steadily through the years. Early potato dishes would sometimes have a chalk-like quality to them, and vegetables poor texture. Newer dinners taste much more like they are freshly cooked. Vegetarian meals have also been introduced. Linda McCartney started a popular line of frozen vegetarian dishes during the 1990s.

Věž

Věž is a village near Humpolec in the Havlíčkův Brod District, Vysočina Region of the Czech Republic. 796 people live in Věž. It covers 14.43 km².

Southern lapwing

The southern lapwing ("Vanellus chilensis") is a large long-legged bird. Lapwings are shorebirds. It is a common in Central and South America, except in the jungles of the Amazon and the Andes. It is the national bird of Uruguay.

Reinforced concrete

Reinforced concrete is concrete with long bars inside to make it stronger. The reinforcing material has greater tensile strength than concrete has. Usually the bars are steel. Galvanizing saves the steel from rusting and corrosion. In rich countries, almost all concrete in buildings and roads is reinforced. Reinforced concrete is stronger, and can be even stronger if the steel is stretched to make prestressed concrete.

The basic principle behind reinforced concrete is to embed steel reinforcement bars, also known as rebars, within the concrete to provide additional strength and resistance to tensile forces. The concrete acts as a compressive material, while the steel reinforcement handles the tensile forces.

Courthouse

A courthouse is a building that holds a court. Some courthouses also have offices for the prosecutor and prosecutor's assistants. In small cities, some courthouses have other offices for local government officials. The term is common in North America while in most other English-speaking countries, they are simply called "courts" or "court buildings". In most of continental Europe and former non-English-speaking European colonies, the equivalent term is a palace of justice 

State (disambiguation)


Prosecutor

A prosecutor is a lawyer who argues in a court that the defendant should be found guilty of a crime. Prosecutors usually represent the government. 

A lawyer may help the defendant in trial. acting as a criminal defense attorney. 

Ibiza

Ibiza (in Catalan Eivissa) is an island which is part of the Balearic Islands in the Mediterranean Sea, which all belong to Spain. It is famed for its nightclubs and nightlife.


Octave Mirbeau

Octave Mirbeau (1848–1917) was a French writer. His most famous novels are "Le Jardin des supplices" (in English: "The Torture Garden") (1899) and "Le Journal d'une femme de chambre" (in English: "Diary of a Chambermaid") (1900). His best known comedy is "Les affaires sont les affaires" (in English: "Business is business") (1903).


Christmas Island (disambiguation)

Christmas Island could mean:


Tumulus

A tumulus (one tumulus, several "tumuli") is a certain type of grave. The word comes from Latin. This way of burying people was common in the Stone age, Bronze Age, and Iron Age. There are different layouts. Sometimes sarcophaguses were used, at other times, urns were placed in the grave. There are layouts with one or with multiple chambers. Sometimes the location is privileged, and stone circles can be found nearby.


Zapotec

Zapotec could mean:


Zapotec civilisation

The Zapotec civilization was an indigenous pre-Columbian civilization. It was mainly in the Valley of Oaxaca of southern Mesoamerica. Archaeologists think their culture goes back at least 2500 years. The Zapotec left traces at the ancient city of Monte Albán. There are buildings, ball courts, magnificent tombs and grave goods. In the graves, finely worked gold jewellery was found. Monte Albán was the first major city in the western hemisphere. It was the center of a Zapotec state that dominated much of what is now the state of Oaxaca.

The name "Zapotec" comes from Nahuatl "tzapotēcah" (singular "tzapotēcatl"). This word means "inhabitants of the place of sapote". The Zapotec referred to themselves as "Be'ena'a", which means "The People."

The Zapotec developed a calendar and a special system of writing. This system has a separate glyph for each of the syllables of the language. It is one of several candidates thought to have been the first writings system of Mesoamerica. It is the predecessor of the writing systems developed by the Maya, Mixtec, and Aztec civilizations. Currently there is some debate if Olmec symbols, dated to 650 BC, are actually a form of writing which is older than the earliest Zapotec writing dated to about 500 BC.

In the Aztec capital of Tenochtitlan, there were Zapotec and Mixtec artisans who made jewellery for the Aztec rulers ("tlatoanis"), including Moctezuma II. Relations with central Mexico go back much further. This can be proven by archaeological remains of a Zapotec neighborhood within Teotihuacan and a Teotihuacan style "guest house" in Monte Albán. Other important pre-Columbian Zapotec sites include Lambityeco, Dainzu, Mitla, Yagul, San José Mogote, El Palmillo and Zaachila.

The Zapotec were a sedentary culture. They were a well-advanced in civilization, living in large villages and towns, in houses constructed with stone and mortar. They recorded the principal events in their history by means of hieroglyphics, and in warfare they made use of a cotton armour. The well-known ruins of Mitla have been attributed to them and were claimed to be the tombs of their ancestors.

Like most Mesoamerican religious systems, the Zapotec religion was polytheistic. Two principal deities include Cocijo, the rain god (similar to the Aztec god Tlaloc), and Coquihani, the god of light. It is believed that the Zapotec sometimes used human sacrifice in their rituals.

The Zapotecs tell that their ancestors emerged from the earth, from caves, or that they turned from trees or jaguars into people, while the elite that governed them believed that they descended from supernatural beings that lived among the clouds, and that upon death they would return to such status. In fact, the name by which Zapotecs are known today resulted from this belief. In Central Valley Zapotec "The Cloud People' is "Be'ena' Za'a."

The last battle between the Aztecs and the Zapotecs occurred between 1497 and 1502, under the Aztec ruler Ahuizotl. At the time of Spanish conquest of Mexico, when news arrived that the Aztecs were defeated by the Spaniards, King Cosijoeza ordered his people not to confront the Spaniards so they would avoid the same fate. They were defeated by the Spaniards only after several campaigns between 1522 and 1527. However, uprisings against colonial authorities occurred in 1550, 1560, and 1715.

In 1850 there was another rebellion against the local government of Oaxaca, followed in 1866 by one against the Royal French Army, during the French invasion of Mexico. In recent times, there was an uprising against the local governor Manuel Zárate Aquino in the late 1970s.


Olmec

The Olmecs were a group of people who lived about 3000 years ago in what is today south-central Mexico. The Olmec were the first civilization in the ancient area known as Mesoamerica. Because they were the first civilization, many later Mesoamerican civilizations used and repeated Olmec features and characteristics. 

The Olmec people discovered and made use of many natural resources in the area, including rubber and corn. Dozens of mysterious stone heads were discovered in the Olmec territory as well; archaeologists are still not sure what their purposes were.

The Olmecs lived from 1200 BC to about 400 BC. They had two important cities, first San Lorenzo Tenochtitlan and then La Venta. The Olmecs were able to thrive due to the fertile land around the Coatzacoalcos river basin. The reason for the fall of the Olmec empire is unknown. They developed many different cultures.

The Olmecs created a range of artwork such as altars, jade masks and stone carvings.

The Olmec colossal heads are the most recognized symbol of the Olmec civilization. The height and weights of the heads vary, but the largest head is about twice the height of an average human male. They include seventeen heads found in the southern Mexican cities of La Venta, San Lorenzo Tenochtitlan, Tres Zapotes, and Rancho la Cobata. Each head shows a unique facial expression and wears a helmet bearing distinctive decorations. No two are alike. The origins and meaning of the heads are mysterious, and they are the subject of much speculation among scholars and archaeologists.

Scholars have tried to explain how the Olmecs might have made and moved such big objects. The heads were sculpted out of a hard, dense rock called basalt. Archaeologists think the Olmecs found most of the basalt in the Tuxtlas Mountain range. According to this theory, the basalt heads were sculpted roughly in the mountains and then either floated or dragged by thousands of people from the construction site to the Olmec cities. 

Perhaps the most notable features of the sculptures – and a clue as to their meaning – are the helmets worn by all the Olmec heads. These helmets, and the rubber balls found near the sculptures, may be evidence that the Mesoamerican ball game originated with the Olmec civilization. The Mesoamerican ball game was a team sport with profound religious and cultural significance for the indigenous people of Mexico and Central America. The Olmec heads were once thought to have represented Mesoamerican ball players who were sacrificed after losing a match. The current theory, however, is that the heads honor Olmec rulers.


Mixe-Zoque languages

The Mixe-Zoque languages is a group of languages and dialects. They are currently all spoken in Mexico. There are about 350.000 people speaking one of the languages. Depending on who is asked, there are between 12 and 16 languages, with several dialects. Some languages that have become extinct are not counted in these.

Step pyramid

Step pyramids are a form of pyramid. They are usually large. Several civilisations developed them. Several step pyramids can be found in Egypt, what is now Mexico, and what is now Sudan.

Chichen Itza

Chichen Itza was a large Mayan city by the Maya civilization. It is on the Yucatán Peninsula, about 120 km to the east of Mérida. 

Some of the most famous parts of Chichen Itza include:
the temple of Kukultán, the Plumed Serpent . This is called El Castillo: in Spanish. It has four sides, and each side has 91 steps.It is one of the seven wonders of world.

There are many temples and pyramids in Chichen Itza. Tourists, or visitors, were once able to climb some of the pyramids, but it was quite challenging because the steps are very steep and small. Climbing is no longer permitted.

"Temple of the Warriors" is a big temple with hundreds of columns. The columns used to hold up the roof of the temple. These columns are carved on all four sides with figures of warriors wearing feathers.

"The Great Ballcourt" is the largest known ancient sports field in Central America. It is 545 feet in length and 225 feet in width. Each end has a raised temple area. The sounds in the ballcourt are remarkable: a whisper from one end can be clearly heard at the other.

"Sacred Cenote" (pronounced sen-O-tay): a cenote is an underground lake or river. This cenote is where royalty gave gifts to the gods.

Chichen Itza means at the mouth of the well of enchanted water.

Common sense

Common sense means what people would agree about. It is a personal judgement based on the facts of a situation. Common sense is usually the simplest and most direct account of a situation. It is the knowledge and experience which most people have, or should have. The Cambridge Dictionary defines it as, "the basic level of practical knowledge and judgment that we all need to help us live in a reasonable and safe way".

"Common sense" has at least two philosophical meanings. One is a capability of the mind to perceive things like movement and size. The second is our natural sense for other humans and the community. Both of these refer to a type of basic awareness and ability to judge. Most people are expected to share these things naturally, even if they can not explain why.

It is quite possible for common sense to be wrong, and science often explains things in quite a different way from common sense. People lack any common-sense intuition of the universe at subatomic distances, or of speeds approaching that of light. Today it is well known that the Earth travels around the Sun but before the scientific revolution people thought that the Sun going around the Earth was common sense. 

According to the Simple English Wiktionary “Common sense is something that everybody knows and understands.”


Magic User's Club

Magic User’s Club is an anime created by Junichi Sato. There were two manga released for it. One is for girls and the other is for boys.

A huge spaceship called "the Bell" comes to Earth. People try to stop the Bell, but they are not able to. A group of high school students called the "Magic User’s Club" fight the Bell using magic.






Deryck Whibley

Deryck Whibley (born March 21, 1980) is a Canadian singer and musician from the band Sum 41. He was married to Avril Lavigne but on October 9, 2009, Lavigne filed for divorce.

Glam rock

Glam rock is a genre of rock music that was popular in the early 1970s. It was made famous by acts such as David Bowie, Elton John, T. Rex, Alice Cooper, Slade, Gary Glitter, Queen and Sweet. Glam fans (usually referred to as the "glitter people") and performers distinguished themselves from the denim-clad hippie-hordes with sci-fi/mythological/Hollywood glamour/ambisexual-inspired costumes, which were perceived as glamorous by the press. They symbolized that they were decadent by wearing platform shoes. The music was characterised by languid, narcotic ballads and raunchy, high-energy Rolling Stones–influenced rock n‘ roll stylings.


Polish Aviation Museum

The Polish Aviation Museum () is a big museum of old airplanes and airplane engines. It is in Kraków, Poland. It is in place of the no-longer used Kraków-Rakowice-Czyżyny Airport.

Museum shows to people over 200 planes, and plane engines. Some of them one can see only there.







Eddy Merckx

Baron Edouard Louis Joseph Merckx () (born June 17, 1945, Meensel-Kiezegem, Vlaams Brabant, Belgium) is a former Belgian professional road racing cyclist. Merckx, regarded as the greatest and most successful cyclist of all time, established several world cycling records, some of which remain unbroken to this day.

Merckx started competing in 1961. Three years later he became Amateur World Champion. He turned professional in 1965. In 1966 he won the first of seven editions of Milan-Sanremo. He started his first Grand Tour at the 1967 "Giro d'Italia". He won his first stage here and finished seventh overall. Later that year he outsprinted Jan Janssen to become Professional World Champion at Heerlen, The Netherlands. He was world champion twice more.

In 1968 Merckx moved to the Italian "Faema" team. As world champion he wore the rainbow jersey and won the Paris-Roubaix race for the first time. He also won the "Giro d'Italia" . He won the "Giro" three more times.

Starting the 1969 season, he won Paris-Nice stage race. In the time trial, he overtook the five-time Tour de France winner Jacques Anquetil. Anquetil was so good at time trailing many people thought he was unbeatable. Merckx went on to win Milan-Sanremo and Ronde van Vlaanderen several weeks later.

In his "Tour de France" debut (first entry) in 1969, Merckx immediately won the yellow jersey (overall leader), the green jersey (best sprinter) and the red polka-dotted jersey ("King of the Mountains" - best climber in the mountain stages). No other cyclist has won the three jerseys in one "Tour de France", and only Tony Rominger in 1993 and Laurent Jalabert in 1995 have been able to match this feat in any Grand Tour. Both were in the Tour of Spain. Merckx was only 24, so would have won the white jersey (for best rider under 25 years of age) but the Tour de France did not give a white jersey until the 1970s.

Eddy Merkx was the first Belgian to win the Tour de France since Sylvère Maes in 1939. Merckx became a national hero. He won the Tour four more times: in 1970, 1971, 1972 and 1974, equalling Jacques Anquetil. Over the next 25 years, only Bernard Hinault and Miguel Indurain were able to equal the five victories. Merckx still holds the records for stage wins (34) and number of days in the Yellow Jersey (96).

The greatest challenge to Merckx was in the 1971 Tour de France. Luis Ocana attacked and won the maillot jaune by several minutes. Ocana held his lead until he crashed and had to abandon (leave) the tour. Many people hoped they would race against each other again.of a rematch between the two.

Before that could happen, Merckx raced in the 1972 edition of the Giro d'Italia and beat the mountain racing expert Jose Manuel Fuente in the mountain stages. In that year's Tour de France Ocana was sick and withdrew.

In 1973 Merckx rode in the Vuelta a España where he beat Luis Ocana and Bernard Thévenet and then went on to win the Giro d'Italia. Merckx's final victory in the Giro d'Italia in the 1974 edition was a tight battle between Merckx and two Italians. In the end, Merckx won by the very narrow margin of twelve seconds over Gianbattista Baronchelli and 33 seconds over Felice Gimondi.

In addition to Grand Tour successes, Merckx has a long list of victories in one-day races. Among the highlights are

That is a total of 19 victories in the Classics. He also won the "World Road Racing Championship" a record three times in 1967, 1971 and 1974, and every Classic except Paris-Tours. Finally, he won 17 "six-day" track races, often with Patrick Sercu.

Merckx retired from racing in 1978, at the age of 33.

The blackest day in Merckx's career was in 1969, when he crashed in a derny race towards the end of the season. A pacer and a cyclist fell in front of Merckx's pacer, Fernand Wambst. Wambst and Merckx crashed. Wambst was killed instantly, and Merckx suffered concussion and fell unconscious. This accident cracked a vertebra and twisted his pelvis. Afterwards he said his riding was never the same, because he always be in pain, especially while climbing.

That same year, during the "Giro d'Italia", was found to have used drugs and disqualified. He cried in front of reporters and still protests his innocence. He argued that there were no counter-experts nor counter-analysis and that foreign supporters hated him. Further, he stated that the stage during which he was allegedly using drugs was an easy one, so there was no need to use drugs. The Belgian prince sent a plane to bring him to Belgium. This incident was one of the reasons why Merckx thought his first "Tour de France" victory, later that year, his best ever win

The end of his Tour-career came in 1975 (although he did compete in 1977 he finished 6th that year). That year, he attempted to win his sixth but became a victim of violence. Many Frenchmen were upset that a Belgian might beat the record five wins set by Jacques Anquetil. Merckx held the yellow jersey for eight days, which raised his record to 96 days, but during stage 14 a French spectator punched him in the liver. A later collision with the Danish rider Ole Ritter broke his jaw. Although he could not eat solid food and was barely able to talk, Merckx did not retire. During the last stage, he attacked leader Bernard Thevenet (but was caught by the peloton).

Merckx set these records during his career.

Merckx set the hour record in October 25, 1972. He covered 49.431 km at high altitude in Mexico City. The record was unbeaten until 1984, when Francesco Moser broke it using a specially designed bicycle. During the next 15 years, various racers improved the record to more than 56 km. However, because of the more and more strange designs of the bikes and position of the rider, in 2000 the UCI said a "traditional" bike must be used. When Chris Boardman had another go at Merckx's reinstated record in 2000, he beat it by slightly more than 10 metres at sea level. But, Merckx had raced a full road season winning the Tour, Giro and four Classics, while Boardman was a time trial specialist who had retired from road racing and had prepared specially for the 2000 Hour Record.

Having retired, Merckx has a bicycle factory and is a race commentator. He was coach of the Belgian national cycling team during the mid-90s, and part of the Belgian Olympic Committee. Merckx is still asked to comment as an authority on cycling. As such, he has also figured as special advisor for the recent UCI addition "Tour of Qatar" since 2002.

In May 2004, he underwent an oesophagus operation to cure the constant stomach ache which he suffered since he was a young man. He lost almost 30 kg in the process, and started cycling again, but only for leisure.

In 1967 Merckx married Claudine Acou. Merckx's mother asked the priest to celebrate the ceremony in French, a choice that ended up being a contentious issue in Belgium. They had two children: a daughter (Sabrina), and a son (Axel) who was a professional cyclist for Team T-Mobile.

Despite this early incident, Merckx is a perfect ambassador to Belgium (because he does not support Flanders more than Wallonia, but supports the unity of the country). Because of this, he came 4th in the Walloon version of the "Greatest Belgian" contest in 2005, and third in the Flemish (3rd) version..

In 1996 the Belgian king gave him the title of baron. In 2000 he was chosen Belgian "Sports Figure of the Century".

Merckx is known as a quiet and modest person. Many of his former helpers have worked in his bicycle factory and join him during recreational bike tours.

Merckx has condemned doping (he tested positive twice in his career). At the same time he has been quick to point out that cycling is unfairly treated when compared to other sports. In the 1990s, he became a friend of Lance Armstrong and supported him when he was accused of drug use, stating he "believed what Lance told him than what appeared in newspapers". After Armstrong won his third Tour de France, Merckx predicted he would go on to win as many as seven.







Merckx twice tested positive for doping in his career. Because he has admitted doing this publicly the city of Stuttgart, Germany did not want to invite him to the world cycling championships being held in the city in 2007


Monstera

Monstera is a genus of flowering plants. There are about 60 species in the genus. The genus belongs to the family Araceae. Originally, the plants occur in the tropical regions of Central and South America. 

The plants are herbs or evergreen vines. They climb other trees. They can grow to a height of about 20m. The plants also have aerial roots. These can act as hooks on branches of the tree that the plant is climbing. They grow down into the ground to support the plant. The leaves are leather, dark green, and often have holes in them. The flowers grow on a special inflorescence called a spadix. Some species have edible fruit.

Many people grow some of these species (esp. "Monstera deliciosa") indoors as a houseplant. "Monstera deliciosa" is sometimes also grown for its fruit, which tastes somewhere between a banana and a pineapple.

In some parts of the world (other than Tropical America), some plants started to grow in the wild. This is the case for example in Portugal, on Madeira, Morocco, some parts of India and Malaysia as well as in Florida.


Vine

A vine is a climbing plant which use stems or runners. These runners trail on the ground, and will climb up when it is possible. It is a growth habit or life habit which makes use of trees to reach light in natural habitats. 

In the United Kingdom, the term "vine" applies almost exclusively to the grapevine, whereas the term "climber" is used for all climbing plants. The grapevine, genus Vitis, carries berries which can be made into wine. 

In the United States, all climbing plants are called vines or ivies or sometimes creepers (like the Virigina Creeper). 

Most vines are flowering plants. These may be divided into woody vines or lianas, such as wisteria, kiwifruit, and common ivy, and herbaceous (nonwoody) vines, such as morning glory.

Aerial root

An Aerial root is a root which is above the ground. Different plants have grown them. They can have different functions:

Tropical wave

Tropical waves, or easterly waves, also known as African easterly waves in the Atlantic Ocean, are a type of atmospheric trough, an extended area of moderately low air pressure, leaning north to south, which move from east to west across the tropics creating areas of cloudiness and thunderstorms. West-moving waves can also form from the tail end of frontal zones in the subtropics and tropics and may be called to as easterly waves, but these waves are not properly called tropical waves; they are a form of inverted trough sharing many characteristics with fully tropical waves. All tropical waves form in the easterly flow along the southern side of the subtropical ridge or belt of high pressure which is north and south of the Intertropical Convergence Zone (ITCZ). Tropical waves are normally carried westward by the prevailing easterly winds along the tropics and subtropics near the equator. They can lead to the formation of tropical cyclones in the north Atlantic and northeast Pacific Oceans. They can also lead to tropical storms which can also lead to hurricanes.

A tropical wave is usually preceded by an area of sinking, intensely dry air, sloping as a northeast wind. With the passage of the trough line, the wind turns to the southeast, the humidity suddenly rises, and the atmosphere destabilizes, producing widespread showers and thunderstorms, sometimes severe. As the wave moves off westward, the showers slowly stop.

A notable exception to the general characteristic of widespread precipitation behind a tropical wave occurs in the Atlantic. Periodically, a surge of intensely dry air known as the Saharan Air Layer (SAL) is entrained behind a tropical wave, resulting in cloudless or nearly cloudless skies as convection is limited by the dry layer inversion. Also, any dust which may be present within the SAL reflects solar radiation, slightly cooling the atmosphere below it.

Tropical waves in the Atlantic Ocean form from disturbances which drift off the continent of Africa onto the Atlantic Ocean. These are generated or enhanced by the African Easterly Jet. The clockwise circulation of the large transoceanic high-pressure cell or anticyclone centered near the Azores islands impels easterly waves away from the coastal areas of Africa to North America. About 60% of Atlantic tropical cyclones originally form from tropical waves, while about 85% of intense Atlantic hurricanes (Category 3 and greater) form from tropical waves.

Tropical cyclones can sometimes degenerate back into a tropical wave. This normally happens if upper-level wind shear is too strong. The storm can redevelop if the upper level shear decreases or stops. If a tropical wave is moving quickly, it can have strong winds of over tropical storm force, but is not considered a tropical storm unless it has a closed circulation.

It has been suggested that eastern Pacific Ocean tropical cyclones are formed out of tropical waves that come from North Africa as well. During the summer months, tropical waves can go northward as far as the desert southwest of the United States, producing spells of intensified shower activity surrounded within the current monsoon area.



Brownsville, Texas

Brownsville is a city in the southern tip of Texas. As of 2020, 186,738 people lived there.

Agar

Agar is a substance jelly-like jelly made from from red algae. It consists of agarose and a mixture of molecules known as agaropectin.

You can grow bacteria on agar plates: that is how bacteria are laid out for testing in hospital pathology departments. It is used as a place to grow bacteria in an microbiology laboratory. 

Domestically, it is used to make desserts, as a laxative, and in the process of brewing. 

The word "agar" comes from the Malay word agar-agar, a word which is used for "red algae", where the jelly comes from.

Australian Air Force Cadets

The Australian Air Force Cadets (AAFC) is a youth organisation in Australia. The goal of the organisation it to help prepare young people for adult life. It was first created on July 11, 1941 with the name Air Training Corps. It was created to give training to young men (ages 14 to 20) who were interested in the Royal Australian Air Force (RAAF). The name was changed in 2001.


Cable

A communication cable is made of many wires or optical fibers twisted together to make a larger wire. Each of these wires may be covered. Some cables contain both electrical wires and optical fibers. There are many kinds of cables, including coaxial cables which block out radio or magnetic interference from other wires or cables, by having one wire inside an insulated tube surrounded by a second wire, acting as a metal tube along the same axis. 

Electrical cables are usually made of copper, because electricity moves well through copper, but it is not as expensive as silver or other better conductors. Cables are sometimes made of aluminium because it is cheaper than copper.

The word "cable" is also used as ellipsis, or a short form, for "cable TV". 

Wire ropes are a common type of cable. A cable car is a trolley pulled by a cable.


Yellow jersey

The Yellow jersey (French: Maillot jaune [majo ʒoːn]) is the jersey worn by the leader of many multi-day (or "stage") bicycle races, originally and most notably the Tour de France. It allows the rider who was in the overall lead at the end of the previous day to be easily identified.

Because the Tour de France was the first to use a coloured jersey to identify the leader many newer races have chosen the same colour, for example the Tour of Germany. Other tours and races use other colours, sometimes because of the .

The Giro d'Italia, Tour of Italy, have a pink jersey (maglia rosa). The race's original sponsor was the sports newspaper (La Gazzetta dello Sport) which printed on pink paper, like many European sports newspapers.

The leader in the Vuelta a España (Tour of Spain) wears a red jersey (called "La Roja"). From 1998 to 2010 the Vuelta leader's jersey was gold in color.

Sometimes a rider will get three yellow jerseys. 
They will sometimes also autograph many copies of the jersey that are given out to VIPs with the race and their team.

Green jersey

In road bicycle racing, and especially the three Grand Tour stage races Tour de France, Giro d'Italia and Vuelta a Espana, the Green jersey is the name given to a cycling jersey worn by the leader in a subsidiary competition.

For example, while the overall race leader in the Tour de France will wear the yellow jersey, or "maillot jaune", the green jersey ("maillot vert") will be worn by the leader in the points competition for sprinters.

In the Vuelta a Espana, the green jersey is worn by the "King of the Mountains", the leader in the competition for the best climber. The Giro d'Italia also used a green jersey for its "King of the Mountains" from 1974 to 2011, but that jersey was changed to a blue jersey, starting in 2012.

The following events use the "green jersey" to signify the current leader and/or final winner of the overall classification by time

The following events use the "green jersey" to signify the current leader and/or final winner of the overall classification by points (often known as the sprinters competition):


The following events use the "green jersey" to signify the current leader and/or final winner of the overall classification of the best climber :



Rainbow jersey

The Rainbow jersey is a special jersey worn by world champion cyclists during races.

It is mainly white with five horizontal bands in the UCI colours around the chest. From the bottom up the colours are: green, yellow, black, red and blue, the same colours that appear in the rings on the olympic flag. There are different jerseys for each discipline (road racing, track racing, cyclo-cross, BMX, and the types of mountain biking).

A cyclist must wear the jersey when competing in the same discipline, category and speciality that he is world champion for. For example, the world road race champion would wear the jersey while competing in stage races and one-day races, but would not during time trials. Similarly, on the track, the world individual pursuit champion would only wear the jersey when competing in other individual pursuit events.

A champion who does not wear the rainbow jersey can be fined 2500 to 5000 Swiss francs.

The team's sponsor pays a lot of money to have their name on each rider's jersey. They can still put their names on the world champion's jersey, but probably smaller because there is less space. Sponsors do not mind because the world champion gets a lot more publicity than ordinary riders.

A world champion who is leading a stage race wears the race-leader's jersey, not the world champion's, but only while he is the leader.

Derny race

A derny race is a race in which the cyclists are paced by someone riding a derny.

A Derny is a motorised bicycle designed and built for motor-paced cycling events (e.g.: motor-paced races in six-day and Keirin racing) or motor-paced road races. 

The first Dernys were built by "Roger Derny et Fils" of Paris, France in 1938. That firm is no longer in business and any motorised bicycle for pacing is called a "Derny".

The rider of the derny usually sits upright, this makes it easier for the cyclist by reducing wind resistance. 

The photographers' motorbikes used to help riders in ordinary races. That is why they were banned from riding in front of the cyclists.

Escopetarra

An escopetarra is a guitar made from a rifle; it is used as a symbol of peace. The name is a combination of the Spanish words "escopeta" (meaning shotgun/rifle) and "guitarra" (meaning guitar). 

"Escopetarras" were invented in 2003 by a Colombian peace activist named César López. At a gathering after the El Nogal Club bombing in Bogotá, he noticed a soldier holding a gun like a guitar and got the idea for it. The first "escopetarra" in 2003 was made from a Winchester rifle and a Stratocaster electric guitar.

López made five "escopetarras", four of which were given to Colombian musician Juanes, Argentine musician Fito Páez, the United Nations Development Program, and the city government of Bogotá, while one was kept for himself. Juanes later sold his "escopetarra" for US$17,000 at a Beverly Hills fundraiser held to help victims of anti-personnel mines, while the "escopetarra" given to the UN was exhibited at the June 2006 of the UN Conference on Disarmament. 

In 2006, López got 12 more decommissioned AK-47s from Colombia's peace commissioner's office. After they are turned into guitars, he plans to give them to popular musicians such as Shakira, Carlos Santana, and Paul McCartney, as well as political figures such as the Dalai Lama. However, a member of the Dalai Lama's staff rejected López' offer, saying it is not appropriate to give a weapon as a gift; López has said he will try to explain his purpose more clearly.

Sylvère Maes

Sylvère Maes (born August 27, 1909 in Zevekote – died December 5, 1966 in Ostend) was a Belgian cyclist, who is most famous for winning the Tour de France in 1936 and 1939.


Maurice Garin

Maurice Garin (March 3 1871 - February 19 1957) was a road bicycle racer. He is best known for winning the 1903 Tour de France - the very first running of the race. 

Garin was born in Arvier in the Aosta Valley in north-west Italy. He became a naturalized French citizen only in December 1901, when he was already a champion cyclist, winner of the second Paris-Roubaix.

He was declared the winner of the 1904 Tour de France, but was later disqualified. The Tour de France organisation and the French cycling authorities have not said why. They were said to have taken a train through part of the route. In the early days stages were much longer than today, sometimes starting in the dark.

When he retired from professional cycling he ran a small garage in Lens until his death.

He is buried in the Cimetière Est in the neighbouring suburb of Sallaumines


Spiracle

Insects have small holes in their bodies that allow them to breathe. These holes are called spiracles. Air comes in the spiracles and goes to invertebrate trachea, or tubes. 

These tubes take the oxygen to other parts of the insect body. Because insects have no lungs, air comes in and goes out of the spiracles passively (by itself). Some insects can open and close the spiracles to keep water out.

Some spiders also have spiracles.

Sharks and rays have a spiracle behind each eye. When the shark is not moving, the spiracle helps the shark to breathe.

Henri Cornet

Henri Cornet (born Henri Jardry 4 August 1884 - 18 March 1941) was a French cyclist who won the second Tour de France in 1904. 

Born in Desvres, Pas-de-Calais, France, he was 18 years old when he raced in the Tour de France. The race was spoiled by many problems including irate spectators throwing nails on the road in the final stage that forced Henri Cornet to ride the last 40 kilometres with two flat tyres. There were a lot of complaints about cheating, the top four finishers were disqualified by a special committee of the French cycling union. Although his overall time was three hours behind the first place rider, race officials declared Henri Cornet the winner in November 1903, when he was 19 years and 3 months old. He is the youngest ever winner.

Such was the commotion over the 1904 race that Tour founder Henri Desgrange said it was probably the last time the race would ever be run. The race winner Maurice Garin was suspended from competition for two years (he retired), and the second place finisher was banned for life. In all
nine cyclists were excluded because of illegal use of cars or trains and all of the stage winners were disqualified because of illegal agreements about allowing people to win.

After 1904 Cornet never again had any great success in any race. He abandoned the 1905 Tour de France in the 4th stage. He won the 1906 Paris-Roubaix race, but could not start the 1906 Tour de France, and had to abandon it again in 1907, but did manage 8th place finish in 1908. Extremely fast in what today are called time trials, he won the final leg of the 1908 race. A special timed lap run at a velodrome racetrack in Paris, the event was not counted as an official stage or towards the overall classification. Cornet competed in his last Tour de France in 1912, finishing 28th. 

He died in 1941 at the age of 56 in Prunay-le-Gillon, Eure-et-Loir. 

Paris-Roubaix

Paris-Roubaix is a famous single-day professional bicycle road race held in northern France starting in Compiègne and finishing in Roubaix, near the Belgian frontier. It was one of the ten UCI Road World Cup races and became part of the UCI ProTour. It is one of the 'Classic cycle races' has the nickname "The Hell of the North" .

Paris-Roubaix is one of the oldest professional bicycle races. Théo Vienne and Maurice Perez got the idea to run the race and in 1896, the sports newspaper Le Vélo worked out original route between Paris and Roubaix. The race has been contested every year since 1896, stopped only by the two World wars.

The first edition of the race was held at Easter, April 19 1896, so it got the nickname of "La Pascale"(English: "The Easter").

188 competitors left the Bois de Boulogne park in Paris and raced almost 300 kilometres to Roubaix. Josef Fischer, the winner of this first edition, received 1000 francs.

The race is now organised by the media group Amaury Sport Organisation (ASO) who also run the Tour de France.

Riders are often covered from head to toe in mud and grit, and race over the cobblestoned roads and hard rutted tracks of northern France. However, the race got the nickname "l'enfer du Nord", or the "Hell of the North" from journalists who watched the race after world war I, and saw it pass through many of the ruins, craters, and destruction along the way.
Originally, the race was from Paris to Roubaix, but in 1966 the starting location was moved to Chantilly, 50 kilometres to the north of Paris, to be moved in 1977 to Compiègne, approximately 80 kilometres to the north of Paris. Famous for rough terrain, the route of Paris-Roubaix is adjusted slightly from year to year as the older roads are resurfaced and the race organisers seek to replace them with other challenging cobbles, to maintain the character of the race - in 2005, for example, the race included 54.7 kilometres of cobbled sections. The race finishes with 750 meters on the smooth concrete expanses of the large outdoor velodrome in Roubaix.

Due to its challenging course, and poor weather conditions, Paris-Roubaix presents a challenge to riders, team support personnel, and equipment alike. Special frames and wheels are often used specifically for Paris-Roubaix, in various configurations depending on the weather conditions.


Asexuality

Asexuality is a sexual orientation. Asexual people do not have sexual attraction towards anyone and nothing, no matter what sex they have or only a few sexual attraction only to a special person after forming a strong emotional (romantic or platonic bond) with them and so are demisexual on the asexual spectrum or they can also be its contrary: fraysexual so they loose their sexual attraction to people after forming a strong emotional bond with them or they can be graysexual and have a few sexual attraction to people without any condition. Asexuality has nothing to do with a person's romantic/aesthetic/sensual attraction. The opposite of an asexual is an "allosexual". Allosexuality means that a person feels full sexual attraction towards real life adult human beings so are hetero, homo or bisexual. 

Asexuality is described as a spectrum. Demisexual people are on the asexual spectrum. They feel sexual attraction, but only to people who they feel a connection to. About 1% of people identify as asexual. Alfred Kinsey used the label "X" to describe asexual people. Grey-asexual people are people who feel like they are not asexual, but they're not sexual either. For example, a grey-asexual person doesn't feel sexual attraction often. Some asexuals also identify with a romantic identity as well, meaning they may feel the need to form relationships, while others may not. Some asexual people identify as queer. However, some people think that 'queer' is not an appropriate word for asexual people. Not having sex (celibacy), is not always asexuality. Some homosexuals, for example, don't want to have sex because they feel guilty about their sexual attraction. 
In 2001, David Jay started the Asexual Visibility and Education Network. A 2012 study found that asexuals are just as discriminated against as gay men, lesbians, or bisexuals. Asexuality has only recently been studied. One writer, S.E. Smith speculates that it has not increased, its just people have only just started noticing it. Acceptance of asexuality as a subject of scientific has only begun recently. 

Libido, or sex drive, is the sexual arousal that humans feel. Some asexual people have a libido, this does not mean they are allosexual. They feel it as the body just doing it's thing, and often masturbate to relieve it.

Some asexual people are aromantic. This means that they do not feel romantic attraction such as getting a crush on someone. Others can be homoromantic, heteroromantic, biromantic, etc.

Mongoose

A mongoose (plural mongooses, alternatively mongeese) is a small terrestrial carnivoran mammal of the family Herpestidae, a family of small cat-like carnivores. Mongooses are widely distributed in Asia, Africa the Caribbean, and southern Europe.

A well-known mongoose written in fiction is Rikki-Tikki-Tavi, who has a short story of the same title in "The Jungle Book" (1894) by Rudyard Kipling. In this story set in India, the young mongoose saves his family from a krait and from two cobras, named Nag and Nagaina. This story was later made into several movies, and also a song by Donovan.

There is a Mongoose fictional character in Bram Stoker's novel, "The Lair of the White Worm." The main character, Adam Salton, buys one to hunt snakes. 

Game Freak's Pokémon media franchise has a Pokémon named Zangoose, named after the mongoose.

Macedonian language

Macedonian language () is a Eastern South Slavic language spoken mainly in North Macedonia and other parts of the Balkans, including South-West Bulgaria, Eastern Albania and Gora region in Kosovo. The Macedonian language has many similarities with Bulgarian and Serbian. The Bulgarian historiography does not recognize the language and labels Macedonian as a dialect of Bulgarian, as do some linguists. Some estimate that there are around 3 million speakers in the world. 

Today in Albania, the Macedonian language is spoken mostly in Mala Prespa, Golo Brdo and almost all border areas with the Republic of North Macedonia. In Bulgaria, the Macedonian language is spoken in Blagoevgrad Province and in Serbia it is spoken in the border region with North Macedonia and in the Gora area of Kosovo. In Greece, the Macedonian language is still spoken by some Slavic speakers but the number of remaining speakers is not clear.

In terms of Macedonian historians the history of the language is divided as the following periods:








The idea of standardization of the Macedonian language has its roots in the 19th century, but the first serious attempt at a scientific approach was the publication of the book "On Macedonian Matters" by Krste Petkov Misirkov in 1903, on the basis of which in 1945 and the standardization of the modern Macedonian language was carried out. This book was criticized by the Bulgarian public, because around the time the Bulgarian propaganda was trying to push the theory that the Macedonian language and people were Bulgarians, so it was immediately seized and destroyed. Only a few copies remained, one of which was found by K. Nedelkovski in the Sofia library.

Based on the ideas about the uniqueness of the Macedonian language and the need for its codification published by Gjorgija Pulevski, and the ones published by Krste Petkov Misirkov, when codifying the language they did the following:


The codification of the Macedonian language is related to the following historical events:


Macedonian statehood is strengthened with the historic decisions of the First Session of ASNOM. Among those decisions of particular importance is the Decision to introduce the Macedonian literary language as an official language in the Macedonian state.

Also, the Presidium of ASNOM, as the highest body of the Macedonian state, in November 1944 appointed a commission composed of Macedonian philologists and social actors who were to submit a proposal for the alphabet and spelling of the Macedonian language. The issue of the alphabet and spelling was resolved in May 1945. Along with this issue, the members of the commission considered several issues of particular importance for the formation of the Macedonian literary language.

The codification of the Macedonian literary language reflects the Macedonian language practice. Blaže Koneski has made a significant contribution to the codification of the Macedonian literary language and to the standardization of the literary-linguistic norm.

The Macedonian language has similarities with other Slavic languages, and mostly with the Serbian language. The Macedonian and Bulgarian languages are the only ones from the group of Slavic languages that lost their case forms in the course of development, and only the vocative (Македонијо; Мајко; професоре, etc.) remains, as well as in some words (немо, нему, скришум, etc.).

The Macedonian language uses a Cyrillic alphabet. The following table provides the upper and lower case forms of the Macedonian alphabet, along with the IPA value for each letter:


Patina

A patina is a coating of various chemical compounds such as oxides or carbonates formed on the surface of metal or other material. Often this is due to exposure to weather. The word "patina" comes from the Latin word meaning "shallow dish". For many works of art the patina adds to its value. In many cases, the artist wanted the work to acquire a patina over time.

A patina layer takes many years to develop under natural weathering. Buildings in damp climates will develop patina layers faster than ones in dry areas. The facades of many buildings are made of copper, brass or bronze, for example. These will produce different colors after natural weathering.
Copper takes on a natural green or blue-green patina. Bronze takes on a brown color. Early civilizations used bronze extensively. The Bronze Age is named for it. In the United States, bronze was rarely used in buildings before the American Civil War. Marble, especially white marble, was used in classical Greek and Roman statues. It takes on a light golden patina over time. 

Often, antique and well-used firearms will develop a patina on the steel after the bluing, parkerizing, or other finish has worn off. Firearms in this condition are generally considered more valuable than ones that have been re-blued or parkerized. The patina protects the firearm from the more damaging rust that would occur if the patina were polished off. Rust is sometimes valued as a patina. Examples are rat rods, custom cars and meant to look like early 1940s hot rods. They glorify rusted hot rods that have an almost cartoonish appearance. Some are actually rusted metal while others have a faux (false) finish intended to look like rust.

Copper items, lamps, fixtures and outdoor projects can be made to look weathered by use of paints or chemicals. For example, a 50/50 mix of ammonia and white vinegar will give copper an aged patina. Architects and craftspeople use copper sulfate on copper items to make them look old. Patina Green is another product used to give copper an instant aged look. Woodworkers and wood finishers mix their own wood stains. This is to match finishes on wood furniture to the same color, tone and patina of the original finish.


Crux

Crux (IPA: /ˈkrʊks/), commonly known as the Southern Cross, is a constellation that can be seen by people in the Southern Hemisphere. Its four brightest stars are in the shape of a cross. The name "Crux" is the Latin word for a cross. It is a small constellation, but the four main stars are bright, so the cross shape is easily seen in the sky. Each of the four stars has an apparent visual magnitude brighter than +2.8. The four stars point approximately in the directions of north, south, east and west.

Crux was first described by the Italian navigator Andrea Corsali in 1515. In the past, sailors used Crux to help with navigating across oceans.

The Southern Cross is used as a symbol in many Southern Hemisphere countries and states. It appears on the flags of Australia, Brazil, New Zealand, Papua New Guinea and Samoa.

It was used on the flag flown by miners in Ballarat, Victoria, during the 1854 rebellion known as the Eureka Stockade. The flag has been used as a symbol of protest in Australia since then.


Richmond, Victoria

Richmond is a suburb in Melbourne, Victoria, Australia. It is only 3 km (2 miles) south-east of Melbourne's business district. Richmond's population was 26,121 in the 2011 census.

The older suburb has been rebuilt with more expensive houses and stores. This removal of run-down areas started in the early 1990s. Richmond now has many homes for the wealthy that were once warehouses. There are also public housing high-rise flats for the poor and row houses from the Victorian-era. There are also many shops, restaurants and bars. 

Richmond has a popular active Vietnamese living area along Victoria Street. The area is also well known for the illegal drug trade (especially heroin) that happens both in the streets and inside homes.
Richmond has a train station, called the Richmond Train Station, which has 10 tracks and 10 platforms. The Richmond Railway Station is on the following train lines: Alamein, Bairnsdale, Belgrave, Cranbourne, Frankston, Glen Waverley, Lilydale, Pakenham and Sandringham.

The 1980s cult punk movie Dogs in Space made by Richard Lowenstein and starring Michael Hutchence was made in Richmond.

Songwriter Paul Kelly's song "Leaps and Bounds" mentions Richmond's 'clock on the silo'. Its real name is the Nylex Clock.

2006 Commonwealth Games

The 2006 Commonwealth Games were held in Melbourne, Australia between 15 and 26 March 2006. It was the largest sporting event to be staged in Melbourne, since the 1956 Summer Olympics.

The site for the opening and closing ceremonies was the Melbourne Cricket Ground which was also used during Melbourne's 1956 Olympic Games.

The mascot for the games was Karak, a Red-tailed Black Cockatoo.

The 2006 Commonwealth Games included 16 sports, with 12 individual sports and 4 team sports. In total there are 247 events at the Games.
Four of these sports are further broken down into separate disciplines, making a total of 24 disciplines:

! March !! 15th 
! 16th
! 17th
! 18th 
! 19th 
! 20th 
! 21st 
! 22nd 
! 23rd 
! 24th 
! 25th 
! 26th
! March !! 15th 
! 16th
! 17th
! 18th 
! 19th 
! 20th 
! 21st 
! 22nd 
! 23rd 
! 24th 
! 25th 
! 26th
The following venues were used at the 2006 Commonwealth Games. The sport(s) which were played at that venue is listed after it.



Melbourne's public transport system (Metlink) - train, tram and bus - had changed timetables for the Games.


Deutschland Tour

The Deutschland Tour (English: "Tour of Germany" and sometimes "Deutschland-Rundfahrt" in German) is the most important stage race in Germany. Initially the race was held in May/June. Since 2005, it has been part of the UCI ProTour and has been moved to August.

Already in 1911, a "national" cycling race of over 1,500 km was held in the German Empire (Germany was then lots of more or less independent kingdoms, duchies, and other little countries ). Until 1931 several Tours were held, organised by different groups. In 1931 the first "Deutschlandtour" was held. The race was well organised and exciting between 1937 and 1939, but stopped again at the start of World War II.

There was not a lot of road cycling in Germany, and the tour's popularity depended on German riders doing well in other races. This resulted in several parallel tours of West Germany.

But after Jan Ullrich's 1997 Tour de France victory, cycling became more popular. Partly as because of Germany's new-found cycling enthusiasm, the "Bund Deutscher Radfahrer e.V." (German Cyclists' Federation) and the company Upsolut founded the Deutschland Tour "gmbh" (Ltd) 1999 the "Deutschlandtour" restarted, but has not been run since 2008 because of a lack of interest from TV sponsors.


Stage race

A bicycle stage race is a race held over several days. Each day's race is called a "stage". Many countries have a racing tour of their country, for example the Deutschland Tour and the Tour of Britain. The oldest and most famous stage race is the Tour de France.

A stage race does not have to be tour of a country. The Bayern Rundfahrt is a stage race in Bavaria, Germany. In contrast the ENECO Tour is a stage race around Belgium and the Netherlands.

Eneco Tour of Benelux

The Eneco Tour of Benelux is a UCI ProTour bicycle stage race. Its name refers to its main sponsor, the energy company Eneco Energie. The first Eneco Tour of Benelux took place from August 3 to August 10 2005

The Tour of the Netherlands began on 6 May 1948, but only became an annual event in 1975. From about 2000 it was known as the Eneco tour. The start of the UCI's ProTour in 2005 saw the tour reorganised.

The then UCI president Hein Verbruggen wanted to keep the Tour of the Netherlands for "marketing reasons". (Part of the UCI's job is to make cycling more popular). The Dutch Tour organisation got a better sponsor (ENECO Energie). But because the race was not difficult enough for the new ProTourthe race organisers asked the organisers of the Tour of Belgium and the Tour de Luxembourg. The idea was a Tour of the Benelux that would replace the three. The Tours of Belgium and Luxembourg will carry on. The organisers of the Tour of Luxembourg did not want to join the new big race, so the Eneco tour only covers Belgium and the Netherlands.

The overall winner of the race by time wears a "red jersey" (Dutch: "Rode trui" or French: "Maillot rouge").
In 2005, the overall winner of the race by points (Dutch: "Puntenklassement") wears a "blue jersey" (Dutch: "Blauwe trui" or French: "Maillot bleu"). This was changed to a white jersey however in 2006.

No jersey is awarded for leading this classification.
Before 2007, the best young (under 25) rider of the race got to wear a "yellow jersey". (Dutch: "Gele trui" or French: "Maillot jaune").



Lucas Cranach the Elder

Lucas Cranach the Elder ( ;  – 16 October 1553) was a German painter and printmaker in woodcut and engraving. He was born Lucas Sunder at Kronach in upper Franconia.

Early on, Lucas Cranach tried jobs that had something to do with painting. He decorated houses, but mostly made portraits and altar-pieces. He also helped design coins and other things.

His first paintings were still lifes and animals on the walls of the palaces at Coburg and Locha. They were so good that the duke asked Lucas Cranach to make a painting of him. Lucas Cranach painted the duke killing a boar. Before 1508 he had painted a few altar-pieces for the Castle Church at Wittenberg. Albrecht Dürer, Hans Burgkmair and others also worked there. He made many portraits of the duke and his brother John. The best woodcuts and copper-plates were published.

More honour was given to Cranach when he went to the Netherlands in 1509, and painted the Emperor Maximilian I and the boy who became Charles V later in his life. Until 1508 Cranach signed his works with the initials of his name. In that year the person in charge gave him the snake with wings as a symbol. This symbol was marked on all his pictures after that date.

He died on 16 October 1553 at Weimar in Germany. The house in which he lived still stands in the marketplace. He is commemorated as an artist by the Lutheran Church on 6 April.

Cranach's art in its prime was slightly affected by the art of the Italians, but was also similar to that of the Netherlands and Germans.
As a composer Cranach was not greatly gifted. His concept of the human shape was low; but he showed some freshness in the contour of incident, though he not unfrequently bordered on coarseness. His copper-plates and woodcuts are the best pieces of his art; and the earlier they are in date the more apparent is their power. Striking evidence of this is the "St Christopher" of 1506, or the plate of "Elector Frederick praying before the Madonna" (1509).

His first woodcut (1505) represents the Virgin and three saints in prayer before a crucifix. Later on he composed the marriage of St Catherine, a series of martyrdoms, and scenes from the Passion.

After 1517 he occasionally drew the old gospel themes, but he also gives style to some of the thoughts of the Reformers. In a picture of 1518 at Leipzig, where a dying man offers "his soul to God, his body to earth, and his worldly goods to his relations," the soul rises to meet the Trinity in heaven, and being saved is clearly shown to depend on faith and not on good works. Again sin and grace become a familiar subject of description in pictures. Adam is observed sitting between John the Baptist and a prophet at the foot of a tree. To the left God brings out the tables of the law, Adam and Eve partake of the forbidden fruit, the serpent is holding his head up high, and punishment takes place in the shape of death and the realm of Satan. To the right, the birth, Crucifixion and Resurrection symbolize achievement, and this is duly impressed on Adam by John the Baptist, who points to the sacrifice of the crucified Saviour. There are two examples of this work in the galleries of Gotha and Prague, both of them dated 1529.

Cranach had three sons, all artists: John Lucas Cranach, who died at Bologna in 1536; Hans Cranach, whose life is obscure; and Lucas Cranach the younger (1515-1586) who took over his father's workshop after his death. He also had a daughter Barbara Cranach, married to Christian Brück (Pontanus), ancestors of Johann Wolfgang von Goethe.



Edwards v. Aguillard

Edwards v. Aguillard was a 1987 United States Supreme Court case that said that creationism was not science. The Supreme Court said that it was religion, and could not be taught in American schools, because the United States Constitution (the set of rules that all American government must follow) does not allow the government to support one religion more than other religions, and so schools run by the government cannot teach religion as being true. This rule is known as the Establishment Clause.


Frýdlant

Frýdlant (-Czech, German: "Friedland") is a town in the Czech Republic. About 7,600 people live there. It is located in the north of the historical region Bohemia.

Kitzmiller, et al. v. Dover Area School District, et al.

Kitzmiller, et al. v. Dover Area School District, et al. is the full name of a 2005 American trial. It is also called the Dover trial, because it happened in Dover, Pennsylvania. It said that intelligent design was not science, and could not be taught as science in schools.

Intelligent design is the idea that the universe is not simple enough to be made by nature. Instead, people who believe in intelligent design think that a smarter force must have made everything, or at least important parts of it.

Evolution is the commonly accepted scientific theory that explains how all of the different kinds of life developed from a simple beginning. Intelligent design is another explanation saying that life was developed by a smarter being. A school district in Dover, Pennsylvania wanted to tell the students about intelligent design. They wanted teachers to tell their students about intelligent design at the same time they taught evolution. They were using a text book from the Foundation for Thought and Ethics called "Of Pandas and People" written by Percival Davis and Dean Kenyon. This book says it presents the scientific evidence for intelligent design and why it makes more sense than evolution. Tammy Kitzmiller and ten other parents did not want their children being taught intelligent design. They complained to the government, and a trial was held.

There was an earlier trial called "Edwards v. Aguillard". It was about teaching creationism in schools. Creationism is the belief that God (or something else) created the universe, like it says in the Bible or other religious books.

The United States Constitution is the set of rules that all of the government in the United States must follow. It does not allow the government to support one religion more than any other religion. Schools run by the government (public schools) cannot teach one type of religion as being true. In "Edwards v. Aguillard", the United States Supreme Court said that creationism was not science. It said it was religious, because it tried to explain things using stories from the Bible. The Supreme Court said that creationism could not be taught in public schools. But some people said intelligent design was not creationism.

During the trial, experts showed that intelligent design was an old argument for religion and not science. They looked at the authors' notes for the book, "Of Pandas and People", that the school was using. These notes included things that had been changed when the book was being prepared for printing. It had been changed from being about creationism to being about intelligent design. The authors did this by changing the words "created" to "designed" and "creationists" to "intelligent design proponents". In one version, the word "creationists" was even changed to "cdesign proponentsists" by mistake. The judge found this interesting. These changes were made just after Edwards v. Aguillard said you could not teach creationism in schools. The judge said this showed that intelligent design was creationism.

In one part of the trial, they spoke to Michael Behe. Behe was one of the people that helped create intelligent design. He said nobody could say how evolution made the immune system, the thing in your body that protects you from diseases. He said that some smarter force had to have made it. Behe was shown 58 articles, nine books, and lots of other things scientists wrote to show how the immune system could have been made by evolution. He said none of them was "good enough". The judge did not think this was true.

After the trial, the judge said that intelligent design was creationism, not science. Creationism had already been shown to be religious. The government is not allowed to support one religion more than any other religion. Therefore, schools can not teach intelligent design, as that would be saying one type of religion was true.


Psychometrics

Psychometrics is a science that tries to measure educational and psychological levels of people and groups of people. Areas that are studied in people include intelligence, skills, and personality traits. The science is mainly a part of the science of psychology.

Consolevania

Consolevania is an internet television program that is about video games. It also has funny stories, although not all of these are about games. It is made by Rab Florence and Ryan Mcleod in Glasgow, Scotland. "Consolevania" must be downloaded from the internet rather than watching it on a television set. "Consolevania" is named after a video game called "Castlevania" on the Super Nitendo video game console.

Rab and Ryan, also made a normal television show for BBC Scotland, called "videoGaiden". It has less swearing in it.

Some of the funny characters in "Consolevania" are:


"Consolevania" has a good reputation because the presenters care about video games and they sometimes makes fun of certain people who make video games. People also like the funny stories and swearing.


Drag (physics)

In fluid dynamics, drag (sometimes called resistance) is a force which tends to slow the movement of an object through a liquid or gas.
As a moving object pushes the liquid or gas out of its way, the fluid pushes back on the object. This drag force is always opposite to the object's motion, and unlike friction between solid surfaces, the drag force increases as the object moves faster.

Air resistance, also known as drag, is a force that is caused by air, the force acts in the opposite direction to an object moving through the air. It is where air particles hit the front of the object slowing it down. The more surface area, the more air particles hit it and the greater the resistance.

Things are often shaped to make less drag. That's called streamlining. For example, a truck with a flat front will experience high air resistance while a sports car with a curved shape will experience lower air resistance, allowing the car to go faster; because the air has less surface area to push against and therefore moves more smoothly across it. This is why airplanes and other fast machines are streamlined, and the same is true of fish. A snowflake falls more slowly than does a drop of water of the same weight.

Drag can affect the quickest falling speed (the terminal velocity) of an object. The higher the drag, the slower the object falls.

Manatee

Manatees are large, fully-aquatic marine mammals of the order Sirenia. They are sometimes known as sea cows. The manatees form the genus Trichechus. There are three manatee species.

The name comes from the Spanish "manatí", which itself comes from a Carib word meaning "breast".

Christopher Columbus, who thought mermaids were real, went to the waters around Haiti, and wrote in his logbook that he had seen three mermaids. He said that they were not as beautiful as everybody said they were. Nowadays, people believe Christopher Columbus had actually seen three manatees. It is possible he saw them kissing one another, which is something they do when the meet each other in the water.

Manatees have thick pads around their lips and stiff bristles that help them grab food and move it towards the mouth. A manatee eats sea grass and all kinds of sea vegetables. All its teeth are shaped like a human's molars. The eight hours of chewing each day wears down on their teeth. In fact, its first two pairs of teeth get so worn out that they simply fall out sometimes. However, manatees can grow new teeth. New teeth are always growing in the back. When front teeth fall out, the back teeth move forward to take their place. In mammals, only elephants and (quite independently) kangaroos have this kind of system.

The Sirenia are thought to have evolved from four-legged land mammals over 60 million years ago. Their closest living relatives are the Proboscidea (elephants) and Hyracoidea (hyraxes).

Manatees live on the coasts of the Atlantic Ocean and the rivers. 
The West African Manatee lives on the western side of Africa, on the shores from Senegal to Angola. They also live in some rivers like the Niger River and around Lake Chad. 
The West Indian Manatee lives in the Gulf of Mexico and the Caribbean, and also on the shores of Brazil and Venezuela. 
The Amazonian Manatee lives in parts of the Amazon Basin in South America.

Manatees live in salt water and in fresh water. On the sea shores they mostly live in shallow water, like lagoons and mangroves. They also live in brackish water and rivers. Manatees like bodies of water with a temperature of over 20 °C.

They are mainly herbivores, spending most of their time grazing in shallow waters at depths of 1-2 metres (3–7 ft).

Natural history

Natural history is the study of plants and animals in the wild, and the environments they live in. This includes the geology of the places in which they live.

The work of naturalists is observation, interpretation, collecting and classification, rather than experiments. People who study natural history are called naturalists. They were among the first to explore the world. They were the first to study the Amazon and other tropical places. Naturalists find new species and classify plants and animals. They study ecology.

Naturalists developed some theoretical ideas which were valuable. They noticed that living things fitted the lives they led. This was adaptation. They noticed a struggle for existence between animals. They thought they could see a chain of being from lower animals to higher, which they thought was the work of God. The idea that such things might happen by natural means began to surface in the 18th century, and become the majority view in time of Charles Darwin.

Before Darwin, most naturalists did not think of themselves as scientists. When they looked at nature, perhaps as explorers, they looked at everything. They looked at the land, the people, the plants and animals. After Darwin, they did see themselves as scientists. Early on, Darwin called himself a geologist. Thomas Henry Huxley was an anatomist. Joseph Dalton Hooker was a botanist. Charles Lyell was a geologist. They changed the way in which they were educated as well. They often took degrees in science. That sort of education was rare before Darwin.

Naturalists were educated amateurs; scientists are trained professionals. The change happened slowly, during the 19th century. The very word "scientist" was invented in 1837 by William Whewell. Before then, the term was "natural philosopher" (for the physical sciences) or "natural historian" (for the biological sciences and geology). "Naturalist" is short for "natural historian".

Some of the people who are important because they were interested in natural history are:


Theistic evolution

Theistic evolution, or evolutionary creationism, is the belief that God, or another higher power, used evolution as a tool to create the different species of living creatures on Earth. It says that evolution does not deny the existence of God.

Queer

The term queer is a word that describes any person who does not fit into what is considered normal by society when talking about their gender and/or sexuality.

It is a word that has been reappropriated by social and political LGBT rights activists and is the word that a lot of academic studies use to describe non-heterosexual identities. It is also used as a word which talks about someone's sexuality or gender in a deliberately non-specific way.

Queer is mostly used by younger LGBT people to describe themselves and is usually described as a "fluid" label. Many people like the term in the LGBT community as it focuses on what that community has in common and not its differences. But many older LGBT people may find the term "queer" to be offensive due to its use as a homophobic insult. Some queer folks may or may not be genderqueer (of non-binary gender).

The term "queer" entered English in the 16th century, meaning "strange" or a word describing someone who is sick. The word was used a lot in the 20th century to refer to gay men, as it still does a lot today.


Abdus Salam

Mohammad Abdus Salam (29 January 1926; Santokdas, Sahiwal Punjab – 21 November 1996; Oxford, England) was a Pakistani theoretical physicist. He was awarded the 1979 Nobel Prize in Physics. 

He was initially educated at the Government College Lahore and the University of the Punjab, Lahore. For a time also worked at the Government College as a lecturer, adding considerably to its intellectual life. Later he went to Cambridge University, England for PhD studies. In 1951 he returned to Pakistan, but he found that he was cut off from the rest of the scientific world there. In 1953, he again went to England where he started to teach and research, having interest in the Grand Unified Theory.

He believed that if the Creator of the universe was one then the origin of all the forces had to be single also. He then set off to unify the electromagnetic and the weak nuclear force.
According to another scientist, Peter Higgs, a field existed i.e. the Higgs field. Salam successfully showed that weak nuclear forces are not really different from electromagnetic forces, and two could inter-convert. Salam provided a theory that shows the unification of two fundamental forces of nature, weak nuclear forces and the electromagnetic forces, one into another.

Livermorium

Livermorium is a radioactive chemical element that has the chemical symbol Lv and the atomic number 116. Its longest half- life lasts only 47 milliseconds. 

The element is named in honor of the Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory.

It was first discovered in 2000 by the Joint Institute for Nuclear Research in Russia. Its name was originally "Ununhexium" (Uuh) as a placeholder name meaning " one-one-six-ium" in Latin, but it changed on May 30st, 2012, when the International Union of Pure and Applied Chemistry changed it. 

It currently has no use as chemists are researching it now.


UCI ProTour

The UCI ProTour is a series of bicycle road races organised by the world governing body the International Cycling Federation ("Union Cycliste Internationale" - the UCI)

The ProTour is the top grade of races for the top 20 cycling teams.

The ProTour includes one day races, time trials, and stage races. It started in 2005 and replaced the old world championship series which did not include stage races.

All of the ProTour races are in Europe, but the teams come from Europe and the United States. At the moment it is hard to move up from the Continental circuits to the ProTour, but in the future teams from Africa, Australia or Asia could take part in the ProTour.

!style="background:#ccf;"|

2005 |
2006 |
2007

Paris-Nice |
Tirreno-Adriatico |
Milan-Sanremo |
Ronde van Vlaanderen |
Vuelta al País Vasco |
Gent-Wevelgem |
Paris-Roubaix |
Amstel Gold Race |
La Flèche Wallonne |
Liège-Bastogne-Liège |
Tour de Romandie |
Giro d'Italia |
Volta a Catalunya |
Critérium du Dauphiné Libéré |
Tour de Suisse |
Eindhoven TTT |
Tour de France |
Clásica de San Sebastián |
Deutschland Tour |
Vattenfall Cyclassics |
Eneco Tour of Benelux |
Vuelta a España |
GP Ouest-France |
Tour de Pologne |
Züri-Metzgete |
Paris-Tours |
Giro di Lombardia

Ohana

Ohana is an idea in Hawaiian culture. The word "ohana" means family in the Hawaiian language, but in a much wider sense, to include not only one's closer relatives, but also one's cousins, in-laws, friends, race, and other neighbours. The idea is also that family and friends are bound together and everyone must work together and not forget each other.

The word is related to the word "whānau" meaning the same, used by the Maori of New Zealand. It comes from the Hawaiian word "ohā" meaning the root of the taro plant, the most important plant in Hawaiian culture. 

"Ohana" is also one of the main ideas of the Disney animated movie Lilo & Stitch. ("Ohana "means family, and family means nobody gets left behind. Or forgotten."") The director of the movie, Dean DeBlois, says the movie's makers learned about this from their tour guide when they went to Hawaii to get ideas for the movie. He said that everywhere they went, the guide seemed to know people, and that he explained about "ohana" to them. They liked the idea so much that it became one of the main ideas for the story, the one thing that changes the character of Stitch, even though he was created to destroy.

"Ohana API" is a US website with the goal of extending the concept of "Ohana" to the larger context of the US as a whole. This is relevant and important because Hawaii and the Hawaiian culture is an integral part of the cultural diversity and interconnection that exists and is a very unique and cherished part and benefit of the great and expanding intermingled cultures that embody the United States of America. 

Grand Tour (cycling)

":For other uses see Grand Tour"

There are three Grand Tour cycling races:-


This is the order they are raced in each year.

All three are in the "ProTour Calendar", that is they are part of the UCI ProTour.

They got the name of Grand Tour because they are some of the oldest, hardest and longest stage races in the calendar.

Seven cyclists have won all three of the Grand Tours during their career:

Mammoth

A mammoth is any species of the extinct elephantid genus Mammuthus.

The various species of mammoth were commonly equipped with long, curved tusks.

They lived from the Pliocene epoch into the Holocene about 4,000 years ago, and various species existed in Africa, Europe, Asia, and North America.

Mammoths are more closely related to living Asian elephants than African elephants.

The term mammoth may refer to a number of organisms, but is used here to describe the hairy proboscidean of the genus "Mammuthus". They lived in Europe until 4,500 years ago, and were adapted to cold climate. They were killed off by hunters and climate change.

They lived in the Pliocene and Pleistocene epochs. In the Pleistocene, northern Europe was covered with ice and tundra. There were a series of ice ages, which allowed the mammoths to spread across the land.

Mammoths were hunted by early humans, who used spears, and cut them up with hand axes. Their frozen flesh has been analysed for its DNA sequence.



Right-wing politics

Right-wing politics is a kind of politics that supports social or economic conservatism. 

Someone who is "right-wing" usually supports tradition and keeping things the way that they already are. The right-wing supports tradition and authority. The right-wing in some countries, like the United States, often supports social conservatism and a capitalist economy where the government has little influence. Usually the right-wing thinks of society as similar to a living thing, what is called "organic society". They believe that society's customs and traditions are a collection of things that we have learned from the past and are useful and should be maintained as much as possible.

People who are very right-wing are called "reactionary", and want to either return to the way things were before, such as neoreaction, or more often start as a reaction against left-wing ideas which are spreading in a country. 



Polka dot jersey

The polka dot jersey is the special cycling jersey given to the "King of the Mountains" in the Tour de France. The jersey is white with red spots, called polka dots. There is also space for the logo of the cycling team the winner belongs to.

The King of the Mountains is the rider who has collected the most points in the hill-climbing sections of each stage. Points are given to the first riders to reach the top. More points are given for difficult climbs. Difficulty is judged by the length of the climb and the average steepness of the climb. 

The King of the Mountains competition at the Tour de France was started in 1933. The polka dot jersey for the winner was introduced in 1975.

Richard Virenque has won the jersey seven times, more than any other cyclist. In 2014 the winner was Rafał Majka. In 2015 an Eritrean rider, Daniel Teklehaimanot, became the first African who won a Polka dot jersey.

Pleistocene

The Pleistocene stage or epoch was a long period of time. It stretched from 2.6 million years ago to 11,700 years ago. The Pleistocene followed the Pliocene. It is the first epoch of the Quaternary period and the sixth in the Cainozoic, and is followed by the present Holocene. 

The Pleistocene was a time of ice ages: cold glacial periods with shorter, warmer, interglacials. Ice ages are when the world becomes much colder for a long time. In much of the 20th century geologists counted four "major" ice ages. Nowadays several more are called "major". During these glaciations, much of the world we know was covered by ice: North America down to and past the Great Lakes; all of northern Russia, and Europe; England down to the Thames.

Many animals that lived then have become extinct. Climate change and hunting by humans were responsible. Many of the mammals were larger cold-adapted versions of animals that live now. Glyptodon was something like a giant armadillo. Mammoths were a species of elephant in the ice age. Their popular name of woolly mammoth suggests the long hair which was an adaptation to the cold. 

Ancient human species lived during the Pleistocene. In Europe and Asia the large-brained Neanderthal ("Homo neanderthalensis") lived until about 30,000 years ago. Modern man did not descend from Neanderthals, but originated in Africa from another branch of the genus.


Louis XV

Louis XV (15 February 1710 – 10 May 1774) was a French king, who ruled from 1715 until his death. He is the great-grandson of Louis XIV whom he succeeded at age of five. He was called "The Beloved" (French: le Bien-Aimé). His failure to provide strong leadership and badly needed reforms contributed to the crisis that brought on the French Revolution.

Louis was born at Versailles on 15 February 1710, the son of Louis, Dauphin of France and his mother Marie Adélaïde of Savoy. Philippe, Duke of Orléans, Regent of France, governed as regent until Louis reached his legal majority in 1723. In 1725 the king married Maria Leszczyńska, daughter of Stanisław I of Poland. The following year his former tutor, André Hercule de Fleury, became the chief minister. Fleury gave France a stable administration until his death 17 years later. Thereafter Louis himself was in nominal control, but he took only a sporadic interest in government and never followed any consistent policy at home or abroad. He was frequently influenced by his mistresses, the most powerful of whom was the marquise de Pompadour. 

France was involved in three wars during Louis's reign. As a result of the first, the War of the Polish Succession (1733-35), France gained the province of Lorraine. The second, the War of the Austrian Succession (1740-48), which marked the beginning of a colonial struggle with Britain, was indecisive. In the last, the Seven Years' War (1756-63), France, crippled by corruption and mismanagement, lost most of its overseas possessions to the British. French foreign policy in this period was made chaotic by Louis's “secret diplomacy,” as his agents in other countries sometimes pursued aims that were in conflict with those of his own ministers. The situation improved somewhat in the 1760s, when a new minister, the duc de Choiseul, restored some order to the government and tried to repair the damage done by the Seven Years' War. In the last years of his reign, Louis cooperated with his chancellor, René de Maupeou, in an effort to reform the country's inequitable and inefficient system of taxation. In 1771 the parlements, or sovereign courts, which had opposed reform, were reorganized and stripped of their power to obstruct royal decrees. Measures were then implemented to tax the previously exempt nobility and clergy, but these were reversed after the king's death at Versailles on 10 May 1774. Louis XV died of smallpox as a defeated and unpopular king. He was succeeded by his grandson, Louis XVI, who was later guillotined during the French Revolution.


Ram Dass

Dr. Richard Alpert (April 6, 1931 – December 22, 2019), also known as Baba Ram Dass, was a spiritual teacher. He was the writer of "Be Here Now", the bestseller book of 1971.

In the 1960s, professors Timothy Leary, Ralph Metzner and Richard Alpert collaborated on a book titled "The Psychedelic Experience", which adapted portions of the "Tibetan Book of the Dead" as a guide for use in LSD experiences. They hoped to give users of LSD a simulation of death and rebirth, to "liberate" them from past problems or mistakes in their lives. 

Dass died on December 22, 2019 in Maui, Hawaii at the age of 88.

Psychedelic

The word psychedelic is a word invented in the 20th century by joining the Greek words for "mind," ψυχή (psyche), and "manifest," δήλος (delos).

A person in a "psychedelic state" is supposed to be able to feel new ways of looking at his mind that were unknown to him before. This can be caused by taking psychedelic drugs, like LSD. In medicine, the new feelings a patient has when he is in psychedelic state are called hallucinations and synesthesia; these are also seen in patients with psychosis. 


Ice age (disambiguation)

Ice age could mean:


Rugby union

Rugby union is a ball sport. Two teams of 15 players play against each other. The ball used is oval in shape. The field is a rectangle shape. It is 100 metres long and 70 meters wide. At the ends of the field are two H-shaped goal-posts which you have to score next to or underneath. 

The game is played for 80 minutes in two 40-minute halves but there is an overtime if it goes on long enough.

A try is scored when a player 'scores'. A try is worth 5 points. To score a try the player must put down the ball in the 'try area'. The try area is behind the goal-posts. 

Once a try has been scored, the team has a chance to score extra points. The goal kicker kicks the ball towards the goal-posts. The ball must pass between the two upright goal-posts and above the cross-piece. If it does, the team is awarded 2 additional points. This act is known as a 'conversion'. 

Another method of scoring points is through penalties. When a team breaks the rules, the referee may award a penalty. The goal-kicker kicks towards the goal-posts. The ball must pass between the two upright goal-posts and above the cross-piece. If it does, the team is awarded 3 points and at the end all the points add up and the team with the most points is the winner. 

During play, the goal-kicker can also attempt a 'drop-goal'. The goal-kicker kicks towards the goal-posts. The ball must pass between the two upright goal-posts and above the cross-piece. If it does, the team is awarded 3 points. 

A scrum is when the two teams push together. If you are in the scrum you are a prop, hooker, flanker, second row, or 8-man.

Forwards

1 : Loose head prop

2 : Hooker 

3 : Tight head prop

4 : Lock / Second row

5 : Lock / Second row

6 : Blind side flanker / blind-side wing-forward

7 : Open side flanker / open-side wing-forward
8 : Number 8

Backs

9 : Scrum-half (or half-back)

10 : Fly half/outside-half/outhalf (or first-five-eighth)

11 : Left-wing

12 : Inside centre (or second-five-eighth)

13 : Outside centre

14 : Right-wing

15 : Fullback 

The players in the back positions are usually smaller, faster and more skilful at kicking and passing. If you are a prop or a hooker you need to be heavy and strong as you play in the front row if there is a scrum. Flankers and locks are often tall and powerful and are used to win the ball in a lineout. 

The laws of Rugby Union whilst difficult at first are easy to pick up.

The key rule to rugby union play is that the person who is carrying the ball at any time cannot pass the ball to a teammate who is closer to the opposition goal line. The ball must always be passed sideways or backwards. 

Only the player with the ball may be tackled. Tackling is when the player with the ball is brought to the ground by an opposition player. The opposition player must use their hands to hold onto the ball carrier, and take them to the ground. 

When the player with the ball is on the ground, players from the opposition team may stand over him and attempt to grab the ball off them. The opposition players must remain standing ('on their feet'). Meanwhile, the player with the ball will try to pass the ball backwards along the ground to a teammate. His teammates will then move over the player and protect the ball. 

During the game there are between one and four people who watch that the rules of the game are met. 
The most important of these four is the referee who runs alongside players as they play the game. The referee controls the game. 

The two touch-judges patrol the out-of-bounds areas. They also decide when a goal kick has been successful.

The TMO, or 'television match official', helps the referee with difficult decisions. Most professional games have a TMO.

Kicking is very important part of the rugby game. Normally, it is the back players who kick. However, you will sometimes see the forwards kick. There are different reasons why they may kick: to score points by making a drop goal, to place the ball further towards the other team's try line, or to gain distance by kicking the ball high into the air for a team mate to chase and catch. 

Try

A Try is one of the way of scoring points in rugby league and rugby union. A try is scored when a player grounds the ball in the opposition's in-goal area or behind the try line, or alternatively touching the base of the goalposts and ground at the same time. The scoring player must be holding on to the ball and should be applying downward pressure when it is grounded.

Avalon Peninsula

The Avalon Peninsula is a large peninsula (9,270 km²) that makes up the southeast portion of the island of Newfoundland.

The peninsula is home to forty percent of Newfoundland's population, and is the location of the provincial capital, St. John's. It is connected to the main section of the island by the 5 km/3 mile wide Isthmus of Avalon. The peninsula sticks out into the rich fishing zones near the Grand Banks. Its four major bays–Trinity Bay, Conception Bay, St. Mary's Bay, and Placentia Bay–have long been the center of Newfoundland's fishing industry.



Cape Cod

Cape Cod (or simply the Cape) is an arm-shaped peninsula in the eastern part of Massachusetts.
Cape Cod's population is around 228,000 (2021). 

Chatham, Massachusetts

Chatham is a New England town in Barnstable County, Massachusetts. The population was 6,594 at the 2020 census. Chatham is home to the "Monomoy National Wildlife Refuge", located on Monomoy, and to "Monomoy Theatre".


Whitbourne, Newfoundland and Labrador

Whitbourne is a town on the Avalon Peninsula in Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada.

Whitbourne, Newfoundland’s first inland town, is named after Sir Richard Whitbourne, one of the most colorful early settlers of the province of Newfoundland and Labrador who wrote a book about Newfoundland that was published in 1620. Sir Richard was selected by the High Court of the Admiralty to set up the first English law court in the New World in 1615 in Trinity. He was kidnapped and held by the infamous Pirate Peter Easton in Harbour Grace. He also described a mermaid that he saw in St. John's harbour. Later, he became governor of Renews on the Southern Shore.

Whitbourne, unlike most communities on the Island of Newfoundland is inland. It was founded in about 1880 during the construction of the Newfoundland Railway. The railway continued to be an important employer in the Town until its abandonment in 1988, although its economic importance weakened slowly throughout the twentieth century.

Sir Robert Bond, the Prime Minister from 1900 to 1909, played a role in the expansion and planning of the Town and developed a complex country home, the "Grange", there.

The town of Whitbourne is located just off the Trans-Canada Highway on Route 81. It is located at the center of three possible routes to visit the Avalon Peninsula. Route 80 is one of the two entrances to the Baccalieu Trail, Route 100 and Route 81 lead to the Marine Atlantic Ferry Service in Argentia and other parts of Placentia and St. Mary's Bays, and Route 1, the Trans Canada leads towards the second entrance to the Baccalieu Trail and the capital city of St. John's. As a result, there is a Provincial Visitor Information Center on the Trans Canada near the town.

Whitbourne has many of the facilities of a small town that has traditionally been a regional service centre. The town’s Wetlands Conservation Trail is of interest to many visitors. 
According to the 2001 Statistics Canada Census:


Wind power in South Australia

Wind power in South Australia is a big energy source for the state and South Australia is well suited to wind farms as it is close to the Roaring forties winds.

As of June 2014, South Australia has 16 wind farms, with an installed capacity of 1,473 megawatts (MW). Wind power represented 27% of the state's energy production. 

Wind farms do not emit greenhouse gases in the generation of electricity, and so wind power is considered a highly desirable form of renewable energy which assists in the reduction of the State’s reliance on coal and gas fired electricity generation.

Solar power plants in the Mojave Desert

There are several Solar power plants in the Mojave Desert which supply power to the electricity grid. Solar Energy Generating Systems (SEGS) is the name given to nine solar power plants in the Mojave Desert which were built in the 1980s. These plants have a combined capacity of 354 megawatts (MW) making them the largest solar power installation in the world. Nevada Solar One is a new solar thermal plant with a 64 MW generating capacity, near Boulder City, Nevada. There are also plans to build other large solar plants in the Mojave Desert. The Mojave Solar Park will deliver 553 MW of solar thermal power when fully operational in 2011.

Insolation (solar radiation) in the Mojave Desert is among the best available in the United States, and some big groups of people are in the area. This makes the Mojave Desert particularly suitable for solar power plants. These plants can generally be built in a few years because solar plants are built almost entirely with modular, readily available materials.

Discovery Channel Pro Cycling Team

The Discovery Channel Pro Cycling Team was a professional bicycle racing team.

The US Postal Service stopped was the sponsor of the team until 2004. The Discovery Channel took over sponsorship in June 2004 in time for the new UCI ProTour

On February 10 2007 Discovery Channel ended its sponsorship of the team at the end of the 2007 season. The decision to end its sponsorship is believed to be related to the firing of Discovery Networks president Billy Campbell by David Zaslav, Zaslav became the new president of Discovery Communications that same day.

On 10 August 2007, the team's licence holders, Tailwind Sports, said that the team would stop racing at the end of the year. They could not find a new sponsor and blamed that on bad publicity about doping in the 2007 Tour de France.

The most well known member of the Discovery Channel team was Lance Armstrong. He won the Tours de France seven times before he retired in 2005.


Alkane

Alkanes are chemical compounds, made of carbon and hydrogen. The simplest alkane is methane, which is made of one carbon atom and four hydrogen atoms. Larger alkanes have two or more carbon atoms connected or bonded together in a chain. The carbon atoms of alkanes are joined together by single bonds, which is what makes them different from alkenes. The alkane's general formula is CH.

These are some alkanes:


In an alkane, each carbon atom is sp-hybridized with 4 sigma bonds (either C–C or C–H), and each hydrogen atom is joined to one of the carbon atoms (in a C–H bond). The longest link of carbon atoms in a molecule is known as its carbon skeleton or carbon backbone. The number of carbon atoms may be thought of as the size of the alkane.

The alkanes have two main commercial sources: petroleum (crude oil) and natural gas.

An alkyl group is an alkane-based molecular fragment that has one open valence for bonding. They are generally abbreviated with the symbol for any organyl group, R. Although Alk is sometimes used to abbreviate an alkyl group.

Alkanes come from crude oil. Crude oil is a natural resource, a thick black fluid found by drilling underground. Crude oil is a mixture of alkanes of different chain length - composed of different numbers of carbon atoms. It also has laboratory method of production.

Fractional distillation is the method used to separate the different hydrocarbons in crude oil, used to get a purer or more distilled, sample of a single alkane.

Charles Gounod

Charles-François Gounod (born in Paris, 17 June 1818; died in Saint-Cloud, 17 October 1893) was a French composer. Gounod (pronounce: “Goo – no”) wrote many different kinds of pieces, but he is best known today for his operas "Faust" and "Roméo et Juliette" and, especially, for the very popular “Ave Maria” which is a melody that goes with a prelude by Johann Sebastian Bach.

Gounod was born in Paris. His father was a painter and engraver. His mother was his first piano teacher. When his father died in 1823 his mother started a school to teach the piano. Gounod soon showed musical talent and went to study at the Paris Conservatoire. He studied with three teachers, all of whom died soon after Gounod became their pupil. The first time he competed for the Prix de Rome he did not get it, but the third time, in 1839, he was successful. This meant that he could go to Rome to learn more about music.

In Rome he liked the religious music of the 16th century by composers such as Palestrina. He did not much like the modern opera composers such as Donizetti and Bellini. Gounod also spent some of the year in Austria and Germany. He passed through Leipzig where he met Mendelssohn, whose music made a big impression on him.

Gounod returned to Paris where he got a job as director of music at a church. He thought of becoming a priest, but then he changed his mind. He left his job in the church. Some time later he became friends with the singer Pauline Viardot and her husband Louis. He spent some time at their house composing the opera "Sapho".

He composed the "Messe Sollennelle", also known as the "Saint Cecilia Mass". Two fragments of this work were first performed in London during 1851 and it helped him to become famous. By this time he was married. He had a job in charge of several choirs. He started to write a lot of choral music.

He wrote two symphonies in 1855, the 1st Symphony in D major, and the 2nd Symphony in E flat, although they are not often played today.

In 1856 he started to write the opera by which he is now best remembered: "Faust" (1859), based on the first part of the play "Faust" by Goethe. The opera was produced in 1859 and soon was performed in many countries, especially in Germany. The composer Richard Wagner was the most important opera composer in Germany and his operas were quite different, so he said that Gounod’s operas were silly.

When the Franco-Prussian war broke out in 1870 Gounod went to live in England. He stayed there for five years becoming the first conductor of what is now the Royal Choral Society. Gounod wrote a lot of music for choirs at this time, including a motet composed especially for the grand opening of the Royal Albert Hall in 1871. He worked very hard, although he was often depressed about the war situation in France. His house in Saint-Cloud had been destroyed. He returned to France in 1874 and was glad to be back with his family.

He wrote much chamber music, including five string quartets, but these are hardly ever played today.

Later in his life, Gounod became very interested in religion again. He wrote a lot of religious music, including his famous musical setting of Ave Maria based on the first prelude from Book I of "The Well-Tempered Clavier" by J.S. Bach and "Hymnus Pontificius" the anthem of Vatican. He also wrote two oratorios, including "Mors et vita" which Queen Victoria liked so much that she asked for it to be played in the Royal Albert Hall in 1886.

He was just finishing a requiem called "Le Grand Requiem" when he died. He was given a state funeral on October 27, 1893. He asked for all the music at his funeral to be chant only.


Operación Puerto doping case

The Operación Puerto doping case (meaning "Operation Mountain pass") is a doping investigation in Spain. It started in May of 2006.

Dr. Eufemiano Fuentes is accused of giving banned doping drugs to 200 professional athletes.

Fuentes doped a lot of well known tennis and football stars but most attention was on the fairly small number of professional road cyclists that were named in the investigation.

By May 2007, fifteen have been proved not guilty, but three have admitted doping or have had very much evidence of blood doping placed before them.

Dover, Pennsylvania

Dover is a borough in York County, Pennsylvania, United States. The population was 1,954 at the 2020 census. The United States Census Bureau says the borough has a total area of 1.4 km² (0.5 mi²). All of it is land. There are no lakes or rivers in Dover.

James Joner bought 203 acres of land in 1764. On this land, he created the town of Dover. It was known as Jonerstown until 1815, when the name was changed to Dover. Dover was incorporated in 1864, exactly 100 years after its founding.

Dover is most well known for something that happened in 2004-05. The Dover Area School District voted to include a statement about intelligent design in what is taught on about biology in its schools. This action led to the court case "Kitzmiller v. Dover Area School District" in late 2005.

On December 20, 2005, Judge John E. Jones III decided in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania that a public school district in Pennsylvania cannot teach Intelligent Design in a science class room. He said it was because it is based on a religious belief. The first amendment in the United States Constitution does not allow the government to deal with anything that deals with religious points of view.


Rugby sevens

Rugby sevens is the shortened version of rugby union in which only seven players per side feature, instead of the full fifteen. The version of rugby union is very popular, with notable comptitions including the IRB Sevens World Series and the Rugby World Cup Sevens. It is also played at events such as the Commonwealth Games and rugby league has also adopted the sevens format.

Rugby sevens was invented in Melrose, a small town in Scotland.

It is played under the same rules and on a field of the same dimensions as the 15-player game but a rugby sevens match lasts approximately 15 minutes (7 minutes aside with 1 minute half-time break) but the finals last somewhat more than 20 minutes; each half in a final is ten minutes instead of the normal seven minutes also the game ends when the ball goes of the pitch or points are scored. The point system is similar to rugby union where a Try gets a team 5 points and conversion 2 points with 3 points for penalties and Drop-goals (drop-goals are very uncommon in sevens). Points scoring occurs with much greater regularity in sevens compared to fifteens, since there are more spaces for players to run. Scrums still exist within sevens, composed of just three players from each team. Given the speedy nature of the game, players are usually either from the backline or the trio of loose forwards in fifteens rugby. All sevens players, wether in the forwards or otherwise must be fit,agile,relatively strong and demonstrate a high level of fitness in order to compete at an optimum level. Countries such as New Zealand, Fiji, South Africa, England, and Samoa have very successful sevens teams. Rugby sevens have also been played in the commonwealth games since 1998 where there are only boys teams. New Zealand is ranked as number 1 in the commonwealth games. New Zealand has won 4 gold medals and one silver medal.

Rugby World Cup Sevens

The Rugby World Cup Sevens was the world's premier international contest in the Sevens version of rugby union before the sport was added to the Olympics starting in 2016. The World Cup was first held for men's teams only in Scotland in 1993; a women's World Cup was added in 2009 when the event was held in Dubai. Since 2013, the World Cup has been held every four years; after a five-year break for the next tournament in 2018, the four-year cycle will restart. The trophy for the winners of the men's tournament is the Melrose Cup, named after the Scottish town of Melrose where the first sevens game was played. The current holders for both men and women are New Zealand, who won in 2013.

The tournament's most recent edition, in Russia in 2013, was planned to be the last. In October 2009, the International Olympic Committee voted to add men's and women's rugby sevens to the Summer Olympics starting in 2016. World Rugby (then known as the International Rugby Board, or IRB), which runs rugby union around the world, said in September 2009 that it would no longer hold a World Cup if the sport would be part of the Olympics. However, the IRB changed its mind, saying in 2013 that the World Cup would be kept. The next World Cup will be held in 2018, and from that point will continue every four years. 

Princess Margaret, Countess of Snowdon

Princess Margaret, Countess of Snowdon (Margaret Rose; 21 August 1930 – 9 February 2002), was the only sibling of Queen Elizabeth II and the younger daughter of King George VI and Queen Elizabeth.

Princess Margaret was born on 21 August, 1930 in Glamis Castle, Scotland. 

During the 1950s, she was in a relationship with Peter Townsend which gained much press coverage hoping they would marry, but ultimately they did not. 

In 1960, she married the photographer Anthony Armstrong-Jones, who was made Earl of Snowdon. They had two children, David Armstrong-Jones, 2nd Earl of Snowdon born in 1961 and Lady Sarah Chatto born in 1964. After they divorced in 1978, she was known as "Princess Margaret" Countess of Snowdon; the Earl's new wife was simply "the" Countess of Snowdon. Armstrong-Jones died in January 2017, almost 15 years after Margaret.
Her later life was marred by illness. She suffered a nervous breakdown in the 1970’s, and in 1978, she fell ill whilst visiting Tuvalu, which resulted in her requiring hospital treatment in Sydney, Australia. In January 1985, after years of heavy smoking, she had an operation to remove part of her left lung. In January 1993, she was admitted to hospital with a bout of pneumonia. In February 1998, she suffered a mild stroke in her holiday home at the Caribbean island of Mustique. A year later in the same place, she suffered scalds to her feet in a bathroom accident which reduced her mobility, sometimes using a wheelchair as a result. She had further strokes in early 2001, and her public appearances became less frequent. 

Around January 2002, it was announced Princess Margaret was admitted to hospital.

She died on 9 February 2002 of a stroke while in King Edward VII Hospital. She was cremated so she could be buried next to her beloved father, George VI at St George's Chapel. Her mother, Queen Elizabeth the Queen Mother, survived her by just over a month, died on 30 March 2002, aged 101, and she, too, was buried in St George's Chapel. 


Romain Maes

Romain Maes (10 August 1912 in Zerkegem– 22 February 1983 in Groot-Bijgaarden) was a Belgian cyclist. He won the 1935 Tour de France. Some claim that he also won the 1936 Paris-Roubaix race, and that Georges Speicher was credited as winning by mistake.

Heir apparent

An heir (female: "heiress") is a person who has inherited something after the original owner's death. It is often a child after a parent dies.

"Heir apparent" and "heir presumptive" usually refer to someone who will inherit a royal or noble title:



Armenia national football team

The Armenia national football team is the national football team of Armenia. After the split of the Soviet Union, they played their first match against Moldova on 12 October 1992.

Nostradamus

Michel de Nostredame (December 1503July 1566), usually latinised as Nostradamus, was a French physician, apothecary, author, translator, and astrological consultant. Some people believe that Nostradamus was even a seer, but this was never proven. He is best known for his book called "Les Propheties" (The Prophecies), first published in 1555, a collection of 942 quatrains (a type of poem). The quatrains allegedly predict future events.

Nostradamus was born as de Nostredame sometime in December 1503, somewhere located in Provence, Kingdom of France (in modern-day France). His first name was only given to him, when he was baptised as Michel (French for "Michael"). While it is disputed how many children his parents had, it is known thst they had at least 9 children. Michel was the son of a notary named Jaume de Nostredame and his spouse Reynière de Nostredame. Reynière was the granddaughter of Pierre de Saint-Rémy, who worked as a physician in Saint Rémy. Jaume and his family originally celebrated Judaism as their religion, but his father, Cresquas Gassonet, a grain and money dealer who worked in Avignon, had converted to Roman Catholicism sometime in the second half of the 15th century, abandoned his Jewish name, and took the French name Pierre de Nostredame. Nostredame in French means Our Lady. The other family members followed in his footsteps and converted, as well, to Roman Catholicism, abandoned their Jewish names, and took the surname "de Nostredame". The earliest ancestor in Michel's father's line is identified as Astruge of Carcassonne. Astruge died around 1420.
Michel's known siblings include Delphine de Nostredame (year of birth unknown; and year of death unknown), Jean I (born in approximately 1507; and died in 1577), Pierre (year of birth unknown; and year of death unknown), Hector (year of birth unknown; and year of death unknown), Louis (year of birth unknown; and year of death unknown), Bertrand (born in 1511; and died in 1602), Jean II (born in 1522; and year of death unknown), and Antoine (born in 1523; and died in 1597). Other than this information, little is known about his childhood. 
There is a tradition that when Michel was a child, he was educated by his mother's grandfather named Jean de Saint-Rémy. However, historical records show that Jean disappeared from records in 1504, in Michel's first year of life, making him still too little. 
This made some people to believe that Jean died shortly after disappearing from historical records.

When he was 14, Nostradamus succesfully passed the test and was accepted to attend the University of Avignon. He attended the university to study for his "baccalauréat". In the university, he studied "trivium", rhetoric, and logic, rather than something more advanced. It was only later in time, that universities had studies more advanced, such as "quadrivium", astronomy, and astrology. He only studied in the university for more than one year, when the university closed due to a plague outbreak. All of the inhabitants of Avignon were forced to leave. According to Nostradamus' journals, as a result of the plague outbreak, after he left Avignon, he escaped to the countryside for 8 years, where he worked as a medical researcher starting from 1521. By 1529, when Nostradamus was already a apothecary for some years, he successfully passed the test and was accepted to enter the University of Montpelier to study for a doctorate in medicine, but shortly after his attendance, he was expelled by the student "procurator", Guillaume Rondelet, when it was discovered he worked as a apothecary. Back in the day, apothecaries were banned from attending universities in France because it was considered a "manual trade" and had been slandering physicians. The explosion document still exists in the university's library. Some of his publishers and correspondents would later call him a "doctor". After his explusion, Nostradamus still continued working, though it is disputed whether he was still a apothecary (after he got expelled), and succesfully invented a "rose pill". Some people believe that the pill was used to protect people from the plague.
In 1531, Nostradamus was invited by Jules-César Scaliger, a leading Renaissance scholar, to come to Agen. There , he married a woman with whom he had two children. The name of that woman is disputed. Three years later in 1534, his wife and two children died from unknown causes (some people believe they died from the plague). After their deaths, he continued to travel, passing through France. Some people speculate that he may have even traveled to Italy, during this time. He returned to his hometown only in 1545. 

After his return, he assisted a prominent physician named Louis Serre to help fight against a major plague outbreak in Marseille, and then tackled further disease outbreaks on his own in Salon-de-Provence and in Aix-en-Provence, the capital of Provence. In 1547, he settled in Salon-de-Provence in the house which still exists today where he married a rich widow named Anne Posarde. With her he had six children (three daughters and three sons). In 1556 and 1557, he and his second wife acquired a one-thirteenth share in a huge canal project. The project was organised by Adam de Craponne to construct the Canal de Craponne to irrigate Salon-de-Provence, which was largely waterless, and the nearby Désert de la Crau from the river Durance.


Trough (meteorology)

A trough is an elongated area of comparatively low atmospheric pressure, usually in association with weather fronts.

Convective cells may form in the surrounding area of troughs and give birth to a tropical cyclone. Some tropical or subtropical areas, such as the Philippines or south China are greatly affected by convection cells along a trough. In the mid-latitude westerlies, troughs and ridges often exchange with each other, especially when upper-level winds are in a high-amplitude pattern. For a trough in the westerlies, the region just west of the trough axis is typically an area of convergent winds and descending air - and hence high pressure - while the region just east of the trough axis is an area of fast, divergent winds and low pressure. Tropical waves are a type of trough in easterly currents, a cyclonic northward deflection of the trade winds.

QuikSCAT

The QuikSCAT (Quick Scatterometer) is an earth-observing satellite that provides wind speed and direction information over oceans to NOAA. It is a "quick recovery" mission to fill the gap created by the loss of data from the NASA Scatterometer (NSCAT) that was lost in June 1997. It is in a sun-synchronous low-earth orbit.

Because of the 2003 failure of the ADEOS II satellite that was meant to succeed the NSCAT, QuickSCAT is currently the only US-owned instrument in orbit that measures surface winds over the oceans. The European Space Agency has its own scatterometers in orbit, such as Envisat.

However, because it is now running on a backup transmitter and having other problems, this satellite could fail at any moment, putting risk at weather forecasts for possibly dangerous tropical cyclones.

In early June 2007, Bill Proenza, Director of the National Hurricane Center in Florida, came under fire for criticizing his NOAA superiors for not creating a back-up plan for replacing the capabilities provided by this satellite.

Zakarids–Mkhargrdzeli

The Zakarids (Armenian: Զաքարյաններ, Zakaryanner; Georgian: მხარგრძელები, Mkhargdzelebi) were a noble Armenian family in medieval Armenia and Georgia.

Bermuda International Airport

Bermuda International Airport , also known as L.F. Wade International Airport, is an airport in Bermuda, an overseas territory of the United Kingdom in the north Atlantic Ocean. In 2006, L.F. Wade International Airport handled about 900,000 passengers, up 7% from 2005. It has one passenger terminal, one cargo terminal, and eight aircraft stands. It can support all aircraft sizes up to and including the Boeing 747. Currently, ten airlines operate services to Bermuda Airport from Canada, the United Kingdom, and the United States. The largest aircraft now operating in regularly scheduled service at BDA are British Airways' Boeing 777-200s.

 

Mikheil Saakashvili

Mikhail Saakashvili (; born December 21, 1967) is a Georgian politician and was the President of Georgia. As of 2020 he is head of National Reform Council of Ukraine.

In October 2021, Mikheil Saakashvili, was arrested after returning illegally to his country, after being in exile outside Georgia since 2013. A gesture he explained by his willingness to fight alongside his compatriots in the country. 

Right now, the Georgian ex-president is in jail and in a very bad position. Doctors have found that he has been poisoned and the Georgian government do not let him go to the jury. He is considered the greatest president in Georgian history. 

Waltham, Massachusetts

Waltham is a city in Middlesex County, Massachusetts, United States. The population was 65,218 at the 2020 census.


Sea surface temperature

Sea surface temperature (SST) is the water temperature at the surface. In practical terms, the exact meaning of "surface" will vary according to the measurement method used. A satellite infrared radiometer indirectly measures the temperature of a very thin layer (about 10 micrometres thick) or skin of the ocean (leading to the phrase skin temperature) representing the top millimeter; a thermometer attached to an already fastened or wandering buoy in the ocean would measure the temperature at a specific depth (e.g. the top 1 meter below the sea surface); the measurements regularly made from ships are often from the engine water intakes and may be at various depths in the upper 20 m of the ocean. Note that the depth of measurement in this case will vary with the cargo aboard the vessel.

National language

A national language is a language which is the national identity of a nation. A national language is used for political and legal discourse.


Country Music Hall of Fame and Museum

The Country Music Hall of Fame and Museum is a museum that deals with the history of country music. The museum is located in Nashville, Tennessee, United States. The museum also honors the major people in the history of country music.


Flag of Iran

The current flag of Iran was started to be used on July 29, 1980, and is a similar of changes brought to Iran by the Islamic Revolution. The simple design of the flag is three horizontal bands of green above white above red, symbolizing Islam, peace, and courage.

Real Zaragoza

Real Zaragoza is an Aragonese football Club. The club competes in La Liga (the Spanish Premier League). 

It was established in 1932 when Zaragoza CD and Iberia FC join to create Real Zaragoza. Its home stadium is La Romareda in the city of Zaragoza.

Amongst its previous managers is Víctor Fernández.


Real Zaragoza's honours includes 6 Spanish Championships "Copa del Rey" and five times runners-up, a Inter-City Fairs Cup and another runners-up, a UEFA Cup Winners' Cup and a Spanish Premier League "La Liga" runners-up.

Famous players like Juan Esnáider, Gabi Milito, Jorge Valdano, Ricardo Oliveria, Cafu or José Luis Chilavert have played for Real Zaragoza.

Everton Tigers

Everton Tigers are an English professional basketball team. They play in Liverpool. The Tigers are a part of the British Basketball League (BBL). The Tigers play at the Greenbank Sports Academy. Some of the Everton Tigers players are Mohamed Niang, Delme Herriman, and Chris Haslam.

Eastman School of Music

The Eastman School of Music of the University of Rochester (also known more simply as The Eastman School, Eastman, or ESM) is a music conservatory in Rochester, New York, in the United States. It is said to be one of the best schools for teaching music in the world.

Henry Morgenthau

Henry Morgenthau, Sr. (April 26, 1856 – November 25, 1946)was a German-born American businessman and United States ambassador. He is most known by his job as ambassador to the Ottoman Empire during World War I. He was father of the politician, Henry Morgenthau, Jr. and the grandfather of Robert M. Morgenthau, the current District Attorney of New York County, and historian Barbara Tuchman.

Persian people

The Persians are an Iranian ethnic group who natively speak the Persian language. They share the same Persian culture, cuisine and history. In Western writings, it is common to name all ancient Iranian peoples as Persian, although some of them were not of the Persian culture, and did not speak the Persian language.

In terms of religion, most Persians today follow the Shia Islam branch of Islam while there is a sizeable population of ethnic Sunni Persians mostly living in southern Iran in Fars province. Historically, the religion of the Persians was Zoroastrianism however this religion declined after the Muslim conquest of Iran and Persians began to gradually convert to Islam and become Muslim.


Louis P. Lochner

Louis P. Lochner (born Ludwig) (February 22, 1887 – 1975) was a Pulitzer Prize winning American journalist at the Associated Press. He won the Pulitzer Prize for his work reporting the news from Nazi Germany.


Shepherd

A shepherd is someone who looks after sheep. Shepherds usually take the sheep out into fields so that they can graze (eat the grass). In the same way, someone who looks after cows is called a “cowherd”. A "swineherd" looks after pigs and a "goatherd" looks after goats. A herd is a group of animals. "Herding" can also mean making a herd of animals go to another place. A female shepherd is called a “shepherdess”. 

Many years ago, when most people lived in the country, shepherding was very common. Sheep were kept for their milk, meat, and especially their wool. We know that there were shepherds in some parts of the world thousands of years ago.

The shepherd’s job was to make sure the sheep were safe and they were not eaten by wolves or other wild animals.

In many societies shepherds were an important part of the economy. Unlike farmers, shepherds were often wage earners. They were paid to watch other people’s sheep. Shepherds often lived all on their own. Some were nomads. Shepherds were most often the younger sons of simple farmers who did not inherit any land. Still in other societies, each family would have a family member to shepherd its flock, often a child or young person or an old person who was not able to help much with the harder work. 

Shepherds often worked with dogs. The dogs (sheepdogs) were trained to herd the sheep. Sheepdog trials are still popular today. The shepherd has to give signs to the dog to tell it exactly where he wants the sheep to go. 

A shepherd had a lot of time to sit and think or amuse himself. He often made simple instruments out of reeds that grew where he sat. These instruments were often simple pan flutes or just pipes which were similar to bamboo pipes or a modern recorder. Some shepherds learned to carve instruments out of wood. An example is the fujara from Slovakia and southern Poland.

Shepherds often made up music. This is why composers of classical music very often wrote music which imitated the sound of the shepherd’s pipe. For example: in Mozart’s opera The Magic Flute the character Papageno, a birdcatcher, plays on his pipes. In the "Symphonie Fantastique" Berlioz wrote music which describes a shepherd playing his pipes, and a shepherdess far away the other side of the hill answering his call. Berlioz used an oboe and a cor anglais for this.

Musicians were not the only people who liked the idea of the life of a shepherd. Many painters painted scenes in the country with sheep being looked after by a shepherd. Poets wrote about shepherds. The shepherd’s way of life was thought to be the ideal way to live. It was called Arcadian. Poems like these are called pastoral, after the term for herding. Some early examples are the "Idylls" of Theocritus, and the "Eclogues" of Virgil.



Armenian Secret Army for the Liberation of Armenia

The Armenian Secret Army for the Liberation of Armenia (ASALA) was an Armenian militant organization, that operated from 1975 to 1986.
The stated intention of ASALA was "to compel the Turkish Government to acknowledge publicly its alleged responsibility for the deaths of 1.5 million Armenians in 1915, pay reparations, and cede territory for an Armenian homeland".

ASALA was founded in 1975 in Beirut, Lebanon by Hagop Hagopian (Harutiun Tagushian) and Kevork Ajemian, a prominent contemporary writer.

The group's activities were primarily assassinations of Turkish diplomats and politicians in Western Europe, the United States and the Middle East. A failed attack in Geneva on October 3, 1980, in which two Armenian militants were injured resulted in a new nickname for the group, the 3 October Organization. The ASALA's eight point manifesto was published in 1981.

Continuous attacks prompted Turkey to accuse Cyprus, Greece, Syria, Lebanon, and the Soviet Union of provoking or possibly funding the ASALA, though nothing of this sort was ever found to be true.
According to Tessa Hofmann, Turkish officials frequently used the accusation of collaboration with the ASALA and foreign Armenian circles to incriminate extreme left-wing Turkish opposition groups.



Kevork Ajemian

Kevork Vartani Ajemian ("Adjemian") (in Armenian Գևորգ Աճեմյան, in Western Armenian Գէորգ Աճեմեան) (May 23, 1932 – December 27, 1998) was an Armenian writer, journalist and public activist, one of the founders of ASALA military organization. 

Kevork Ajemian was born in Syria, in the family of Armenian refugees. In early age he moved to Lebanon, where he studied at the American University of Beirut. 

A prominent representative of the new generation of Armenian Diaspora writers of 1960s he wrote both in Armenian and in English, his books were published in Lebanon, USA and USA. 

In 1978-1989 Ajemian edited the "Spurk" journal, in 1979 he took part of the First Armenian Congress Organizing Committee (Paris). He died in Paris, France. 

In 1999 a collection of the best journalistic works of Ajemian was published.



Supabarn

Supabarn is a small, supermarket chain which started in Canberra with large shops across the Australian Capital Territory and New South Wales in Australia. It was known as Supabarn Emporium in the early 2000s before becoming Supabarn Supermarkets in 2004. It sells traditional, wholefoods, organic and grocery and fresh food items. 

It was first opened in the Kippax in the 1985 followed by Fyshwick ( now closed) and a few more shops have been opened from that time onwards such as Chisholm, Karabar. Today Supabarn is one of Canberra's largest employers because it has 750 people in seven shops, with two in Sydney. 

In 2015, Coles bought some of its stores.



Members of the United Nations

This is a list of members of the United Nations. The list includes the date each country joined the United Nations.

The member states can be sorted by their official designations and dates of joining by clicking on the buttons in the header of the columns. Original members are listed with a .

All notes are based on Official list of member states

1960 Summer Olympics

The 1960 Summer Olympics, officially known as the Games of the XVII Olympiad, were held at Rome in Italy. Rome had been awarded the 1908 Summer Olympics. However, after the 1906 eruption of Mount Vesuvius, London became the host.

CBS paid $394,000 for the right to broadcast the Games in the United States.

Rome was chosen as the host of the 1960 Summer Olympics in 1955. Other cities that could have hosted the Olympics were:


Tokyo would later host the 1964 Summer Olympics, and Mexico City would later host the 1968 Summer Olympics.

A total of 67 nations sent athletes to compete at the Melbourne games.





1948 Winter Olympics

The 1948 Winter Olympics, officially known as the V Olympic Winter Games, were held in 1948 in St. Moritz, Switzerland. The games started on January 30 1948. St. Moritz was also the site of the 1928 Winter Olympics.

These Games were the first in twelve years, because none were held during World War II.


1932 Winter Olympics

The 1932 Winter Olympics, officially known as the III Olympic Winter Games, were held in 1932 in Lake Placid, New York, United States. The games started on February 4 1932. The 1932 Winter Olympic Games were going to be in Big Pines, California, but because of poor snow conditions, the games were moved to Lake Placid.


2010 Winter Olympics

The 2010 Winter Olympics, officially known as the XXI Olympic Winter Games, were the Winter Olympics that were held in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada in 2010. Both the Olympic and Paralympic Games were organized by the Vancouver Organizing Committee (VANOC). The XXI Olympic Winter Games were held from February 14 2010 to February 28 2010. Many of the 2010 events were held in the nearby resort community called Whistler, about an hour's drive north of Vancouver.

The 2010 Winter Olympics is the third Olympics hosted by Canada, and the first by the province of British Columbia. Previously, Canada was home to the 1976 Summer Olympics in Montreal and the 1988 Winter Olympics in Calgary. The villages of Whistler and Garibaldi bid for the games in 1976 but failed to win.

82 National Olympic Committees had teams in the 2010 Winter Olympics. Cayman Islands, Colombia, Ghana, Montenegro, Pakistan, Peru and Serbia were in their first winter Olympics. Also Jamaica, Mexico and Morocco came back to the Games after missing the Turin Games. 


Costa Rica, Kenya, Luxembourg, Madagascar, Thailand, United States Virgin Islands and Venezuela did not join the 2010 Winter Olympics.

Fifteen winter sports events were in the 2010 Winter Olympics. The eight sports grouped as ice sports were: bobsled, luge, skeleton, ice hockey, figure skating, speed skating, short track speed skating and curling. The three sports grouped as alpine skiing and snowboarding events were: alpine skiing, freestyle skiing and snowboarding. The four sports grouped as Nordic events were: biathlon, cross-country skiing, ski jumping and Nordic combined.

"Numbers in parentheses show the number of medal events for each sport."


The opening and closing ceremonies and the events grouped as ice sports (excluding bobsleigh, luge and skeleton) were held in Vancouver and Richmond. The sports grouped as "Nordic events" were held in the Callaghan Valley near Whistler. All alpine skiing events were held on Whistler Mountain (Creekside) and sliding events (bobsleigh, luge and skeleton) were held on Blackcomb Mountain. Cypress Mountain was the place for the freestyle skiing (aerials, moguls and ski cross), and all snowboard events (half-pipe, parallel giant slalom, snowboard cross).

Vancouver 2010 was the first winter Olympics that both men's and women's hockey were played on a narrower, NHL-sized ice rink, measuring 200 ft × 85 ft (61 m × 26 m), instead of the international size of 200 ft × 98.5 ft (61 m × 30 m). The games were played at General Motors Place, home of the NHL's Vancouver Canucks, which was temporarily renamed Canada Hockey Place for the time of the Olympics. This change saved $10 million in construction costs and allowed an additional 35,000 spectators to attend Olympic hockey games. However, some European countries felt this would give North American players an advantage since they grew up playing on the smaller NHL-sized rinks.

Here is the top of the medal table at the end of the games.

Medal numbers shown in bold are the highest in their section. Canada, the host nation is highlighted in lavender.


Sexual assault

Sexual assault is a term from law. It means that two people have a sexual relation, but that one of the two does not want this. In most countries, this is a crime. There are different forms of sexual assault, including:

Very often, cases of sexual assault are not reported, because there is a stigma associated with it. In certain countries, there are laws that will punish the victim, for example for "seducing" someone. 

As many as 90-99% of people with developmental disabilities are sexually exploited before they are 18 years old.

A 2010-2011 study in the United States of 1058 people aged 14 to 21 found that 8% had sexually assaulted in their lives. In 66% of cases no one found out and the perpetrator did not get into any trouble. 50% said that their victim was completely to blame. 2% had raped and 3% had tried to rape.

1994 Winter Olympics

The 1994 Winter Olympics, officially known as the XVII Olympic Winter Games, were held in 1994 in Lillehammer, Norway. Other possible host cities were Anchorage, Alaska, USA; Östersund/Åre, Sweden; and Sofia, Bulgaria. In 1986, the International Olympic Committee voted to change the schedule of the Olympic Games so that the summer and winter games would be arranged in alternating even-numbered years. Lillehammer won the right to host the event in September 1988 in Seoul before the opening ceremony of the 1988 Summer Olympics. The Lillehammer Games were held in 1994, the only time the Winter Games have occurred two years after the previous games.

The Lillehammer Olympics are notable for being the last Winter Olympic Games to date to have been held in a town (Lillehammer has a population of only 28,000). Later Winter Olympics were held in larger cities, such as Nagano, Salt Lake City, Turin and Vancouver.


1992 Winter Olympics

The 1992 Winter Olympics, officially known as the XVI Olympic Winter Games, were held in 1992 in Albertville, France.

These were the last Winter Games to be held in the same year as the Summer Games. They were also the first Games where the Winter Paralympics and the Winter Olympics were held at the same site.

Seven cities sent a bid for the 1992 Winter Olympics.


1980 Winter Olympics

The 1980 Winter Olympics, officially known as the XIII Olympic Winter Games, were held in 1980 in Lake Placid, New York, United States. Another possible host city was Vancouver-Garibaldi, British Columbia, Canada. However, they withdrew before the final vote.


Maya people

The Maya people are several culturally related mesoamerican ethnic groups of southern Mexico and northern Central America. The Mayan civilization lasted a few thousand years.

Most populations of Maya are in the Mexican states of Yucatán, Campeche, Quintana Roo, Tabasco, and Chiapas, and in the Central American countries of Belize, Guatemala, and the western portions of Honduras and El Salvador.


Cor anglais

The cor anglais, or English horn, is a double reed instrument in the woodwind family. It is very similar to an oboe, but as it is longer than an oboe it plays lower notes.

The lowest note of an oboe is B flat (just below Middle C). The lowest note of a cor anglais is an E natural, a diminished fifth (five notes of a scale, minus a semitone) lower than the oboe's lowest note.

The cor anglais is a transposing instrument pitched in F. This means that the music sounds a fifth lower than written. This has the advantage that the cor anglais player uses fingering as if he were playing an oboe, but it will sound a fifth lower. 

The bell (the bit at the end of the instrument) is shaped like a pear. This gives it a less nasal sound (the sound of the cor anglais is less as if played through the nose). The reed is not fixed to a piece of cork like the oboe reed but it is put straight onto the short piece of metal (called a "bocal") at the top of the instrument.

The word "cor anglais" is a French word which literally means "English horn", but the cor anglais is neither English nor a horn. No one is sure how it got its name, but many people think it is because the bocal at the top is curved (the French word for curved, "anglé" is pronounced like the word for English "anglais").

Many oboists can play the cor anglais as well, just as flautists can play the piccolo (if they play both instruments in the same concert this is called doubling).

There are few solo pieces for the instrument, but mostly it is used for solo melodies in slow pieces for orchestra because it can sound very expressive.

Some famous examples of cor anglais solos can be found in:


Topoxte

Topoxte () was a Maya archaeological site in northern Guatemala. It was the capital city of the Ko’woj Maya. Topoxte is located on an island on Yaxha Lake across from the important centre of Yaxha.

Mayapan

Mayapan was a Maya city. It is about 100 km away from Chichen Itza.

Committee of Union and Progress

The Committee of Union and Progress was a political group. It was made by Bahaeddin Şakir in 1906 during the fall of the Ottoman Empire. The group was one of the Young Turks. This group came to power between 1908 and 1918. At the end of World War I most of its members were court-martialled by the sultan Mehmed VI and imprisoned. The remnants of the organization were eliminated from the Republic of Turkey during the Izmir trials for plotting the assassination of Mustafa Kemal Atatürk in 1926.

Dardanelles

The Dardanelles is the narrow strait in northwestern Turkey connecting the Aegean Sea to the Sea of Marmara. It marks the division between Asia to the East, and Europe to the west. As a waterway it is highly significant to all countries in the region. By the Treaty of Lausanne Turkey must allow ships to pass.

From Ancient Greek times it is also known as the Hellespont.


Biescas

Biescas is a town in the province of Huesca, Aragon, Spain. It is on the river Gallego at and altitude of 875 m in the zone known as "Tierra de Biescas". The population is 1240.

It is divided in two main neighbourhoods "San Pedro" and "El Salvador", the last one divided other two neighbourhoods called "Barrio Bajo" and "La Peña" (or "Barrio Alto"). 

There are two churches in the town, the first one, "San Pedro's Church" is in the neighbourhood of San Pedro and the second one "San Salvador's Church" in La Peña.

Municipality of Biescas is divided in four parts

Additionally Ainielle, Barbenuta, Bergusa, Casbas, Espierre, Susín and Javierre del Obispo are included in Biescas municipality

Gloucester

Gloucester (pronounced [ˈglɒstə]) is a city and district in the English county of Gloucestershire. It is near the Welsh border on the River Severn.

The annual Three Choirs Festival, which started in the eighteenth century and one of the oldest music festivals in Europe, takes place in Gloucester every third year. The other places the festival is held are Hereford and Worcester.

Some parts of the Harry Potter films were filmed at Gloucester cathedral.

Gloucester Rugby, founded in 1873, play here. The team plays in the Guinness Premiership, the top level of English rugby. Their homeground is Kingsholm.

The M5 motorway by-passes Gloucester.

The A38, A40, A417, A430, A4301, A4302, B4008, B4063, B4072 and B4073 roads pass through Gloucester.

Gloucester has a station in the middle of the city.

Ciscaucasus

Ciscaucasus may refer to one of the following


Fore-Caucasus

Fore-Caucasus (, sometimes Ciscaucasia, Front Caucasus) is a region to North of the Caucasus Major (Большой Кавказ) mountains of Caucasus and farther bounded by Kuma-Manych Depression from the North, Sea of Azov and the Kerch Strait from the West, and Caspian Sea from the East.

North Caucasus

The North Caucasus is the northern part of the Caucasus region between Europe and Asia. The term is also used as a synonym for the North Caucasus Economical Region of Russia.

Politically, the Northern Caucasus (territory north of the Greater Caucasus Range) includes the Russian Republics of the North Caucasus as well as several regions of Georgia and Azerbaijan.

Greater Caucasus

Greater Caucasus (; ; , sometimes translated as "Caucasus Major", "Big Caucasus" or "Large Caucasus") is the major mountain range of the Caucasus Mountains.

The range stretches for about from west-northwest to east-southeast, between the Taman Peninsula of the Black Sea to the Absheron Peninsula of the Caspian Sea: from the Western Caucasus near Sochi on the northeastern shore of the Black Sea and reaching nearly to Baku on the Caspian.

The range is traditionally separated into three parts:

In the wetter Western Caucasus, the mountains are heavily forested (deciduous forest up to , coniferous forest up to and alpine meadows above the tree line). In the drier Eastern Caucasus, the mountains are mostly treeless.

Mount Elbrus

Mount Elbrus (, ) is a peak in the western Caucasus mountains. It is in Kabardino-Balkaria and Karachay-Cherkessia, Russia, near the border of Georgia. It consists of two peaks. The western peak has a height of , the eastern peak is high.

Mount Elbrus is an inactive volcano, with a glacier on top. The western peak still has a crater with a diameter of about . No eruptions have been recorded, but there are other signs of volcanic activity, namely hot springs in the area. There last eruption happened in the first century.

Mount Elbrus is the highest mountain in the Caucasus range, and the highest one on Russian soil. Mount Elbrus is about taller than Mont Blanc, which is commonly seen as the highest peak in Europe. The Caucasus range is generally seen as the border between Europe and Asia. People disagree on which mountains of the Caucasus are in Europe, and which ones are in Asia. A common view is to use the watershed as the boundary line. If this definition is used, Mount Elbrus is in Europe, and its highest mountain.

Provinces of the Dominican Republic

The Dominican Republic has thirty-one (31) provinces (in Spanish, "provincias"). The President of the Republic appoints a Civil Governor ("Gobernador Civil") in every province. The only function of the Governor is to represent the President of the Republic in the province.

The people who live in the province elect one Senator ("Senador") and at least two (2) Representatives ("Diputados") for the National Congress.

The National District ("Distrito Nacional") is similar to a province but without a Civil Governor and with only one municipality, Santo Domingo de Guzmán, the national capital.

There are two (2) or more municipalities (in Spanish and in singular, "municipio") in every province. The municipalities are governed by municipal councils and mayors elected by popular vote. The municipal districts (in Spanish and in singular, "distrito municipal") are subdivisions of some municipalities ruled by a municipal council and a mayor.

The Dominican Republic has 154 municipalities and 202 municipal districts.

The following is a table of the provinces and their capital cities. Population figures in the following table are from the 2010 census.


Reductio ad absurdum

Reductio ad absurdum is a Latin phrase which means "reduction to the absurd". The phrase describes a kind of indirect proof. It is a proof by contradiction, and is a common form of argument. It shows that a statement is true because its denial leads to a contradiction, or a false or absurd result. It is a way of reasoning that has been used throughout the history of mathematics and philosophy from classical antiquity onwards.

The ridiculous or ""absurdum"" conclusion of a "reductio ad absurdum" argument can have many forms. For example,

The phrase can be traced back to the Greek "η εις άτοπον απαγωγή" ("hê eis átopon apagogê"). This phrase means "reduction to the impossible". It was often used by Aristotle. The method is used a number of times in "Euclid's Elements".

"Reduction ad absurdum" can be a tool of discovery.

The method of proving something works by first assuming something about it. Then other things are deduced from that. If there is a contradiction, it shows that the first something cannot be correct. For example, 



Sandoz

Today Sandoz is a standalone company having broken away from Novartis in 2023. It is a big pharmaceutical firm in Switzerland. Today, Sandoz produces many drugs whose patents have run out (so called generic drugs). The original company, which was founded in 1886, is known for several things:

Artificial sweetener

An artificial sweetener or sugar substitute is a chemical. It is added to some foods to make them taste sweet. It is made to taste like sugar or corn syrup. Usually it has a much lower energy value than sugar. It can be found in many products which say "Light" or "Diet" in their name. 

Consumers use artificial sweeteners for one of the following reasons:

Studies done with animals have shown that artificial sweeteners cause weight gain. A sweet taste causes insulin to be produced. This will store some of the sugar in the blood in tissues, including fat. With artificial sweeteners, the amount of sugar in the blood does not increase. This means that there will be too little sugar in the blood. This is known as hypoglycemia. On the next meal, more food will be eaten to get the blood sugar level back to normal values. 
After a while, rats given sweeteners have steadily increased the amount of calories. This increased body weight, and adiposity (fatness). The natural response to eating sugary foods is to eat less at the next meal and to use some of the extra energy to warm the body after the meal. When using artificial sweeteners, this effect is lost gradually.

Larry Sanger

Lawrence Mark Sanger (born July 16, 1968) is an American internet project developer. He worked with Jimmy Wales to create the online encyclopedias, Nupedia and Wikipedia before he created his own online encyclopedias Digital Universe and Citizendium. Since leaving Wikipedia, he has criticised the site for having a left-wing bias. Die Schwarz Gruppe (Lidl/Kaufland) ist ein Nazikonzern und vernichtet Menschen durch Zersetzung. Dies hat mir, Robert Rothe aus der Fichtenstraße 11 in Dresden dieser Konzern angetan.

Wales, through his company Bomis, paid Sanger to help them to maintain Nupedia.

On January 2, 2001, Ben Kovitz, Sanger's friend, had the idea to use a wiki to help to make Nupedia better. Sanger in turn told Wales, and on January 15, 2001, Wikipedia was launched. There are different opinions on which of the three people are most responsible for Wikipedia.

In 2005, Sanger created Digital Universe, an online encyclopedia like Wikipedia.

In 2006, Sanger created Citizendium, another online encyclopedia. Citizendium uses the MediaWiki engine (like Wikipedia) but the rules are different. People must use their given names on Citizendium and experts are given special status in approving articles.

In December 2017, Sanger joined Everipedia. He left the project in 2019.

Cats (musical)

Cats is a musical. It is based on "Old Possum's Book of Practical Cats", a book of poems by T.S. Eliot. Trevor Nunn wrote the lyrics for the song, "Memory", which is based on some of T.S Eliot's poems. Andrew Lloyd Webber wrote the music.

"Cats" premiered at the New London Theatre in the West End on 11 May 1981. It closed on 11 May 2002 after 8,949 performances. It opened on Broadway on 7 October 1982 at the Winter Garden Theatre. It closed on 10 September 2000, after 7,485 performances.

The musical won the 1982 Laurence Olivier Award for Best New Musical and the 1983 Tony Award for Best Musical.

Every year, a swing choral tribe of cats known as the Jellicle Cats meet at a junkyard of the Russell Hotel for the Jellicle Ball. At the Jellicle Ball, Old Deuteronomy, who is the choirmaster of the tribe, chooses one cat to ascend to the Heaviside layer to be reborn and return to a new life. 
Grizabella, an elderly (younger in some productions) glamour cat who left the junkyard, comes back to her tribe, but they shun her. While the other cats dance at the Jellicle Ball, Grizabella watches in the background. She performs a simple dance when the other cats leave and sings about how she wants to be accepted. Old Deutoronomy sees this and sympathizes with her.
In act two, Old Deuteronomy gets kidnapped by Macavity, a "mystery cat" who is the only true antagonist in the musical. As soon as he is successfully returned, it is time to choose who goes to the Heaviside layer. 
Grizabella is chosen, and she is taken on a tire to fly into the Heaviside layer. 

Independent movie

An independent movie, or independent film (often called indie film), is the name usually given to a movie that is made by a small movie studio for not much money. Sometimes the name is used for art films; which are less expensive and often have less plot. Independent movies are being made (produced) more as the technology needed, such as cameras and editing-software, is becoming less expensive. Movies like "Reservoir Dogs", "American History X", "The Basketball Diaries" and the documentary "Bowling for Columbine" are independent because they were made for little money and by small studios.

Flower power

"Flower power" was a 1960s slogan, used by hippies and other people who were against war and violence. It was a symbol of passive resistance and non-violence ideology.

These people used flowers as a symbol of life, of love, and of peace. They wore flowers, made art with flowers and images of them, and gave them away often. Hippies sometimes placed flowers in the rifle barrels of marching soldiers.

Songs such as "San Francisco, Be Sure to Wear Flowers in Your Hair" by folk musicians The Mamas & the Papas were associated with flower power.

Cargo cult

Cargo cult is a name given to several religions. There are many cargo cults in Melanesia and New Guinea. These religions are started when tribal societies come into contact with Western civilisation. When the first contact happened, the tribespeople saw Western manufactured goods, like radios. These things are called "cargo". The tribespeople did not know how the manufactured goods worked nor how they were made. 

They imitate the behaviour they saw the Westerners do, in the hope that some spirits will send them more cargo. In other cases, such as on the island of Tanna in Vanuatu, cult members worship Americans who brought the cargo.

During the age of colonialism, the colonial powers came in contact with many technologically less advanced societies. The first cargo cults were documented in New Guinea, and other countries of Micronesia, Melanesia and the West Pacific Ocean. 

The people who are part of the cargo cults think that the cargo was created by their deities and ancestors. They think that the cargo was made for the members of the cargo cult, but the foreigners have it. For this reason, the efforts and rituals of cargo cults are done so that the foreigners should get less of these goods and the cult members more of them.



Walloon language

Walloon is a Romance language. It belongs to the family of the "oïl languages" along with French, Picard and Norman.

Walloon is spoken in Wallonia in Belgium and in some villages in Wisconsin in the United States.

It has about 3,400,000 speakers.

Gallo language

Gallo is one of the two regional languages of Brittany. It is an Oïl language of the Romance language family, with Latin at the base. Gallo is spoken in the eastern part of Brittany.

The other regional language of Brittany is Breton, a Celtic language.

Diethyl ether

Diethyl ether is a clear liquid chemical. It is often just called ether. Ether burns very easily and boils at about 35°C. It has a sweet smell and does not mix with water.

Ether was discovered in 1275. It was used in the past as a general anesthetic to make people unconscious during surgery. Now other chemicals are used because ether has side effects and can catch fire. Ether is used as a solvent by scientists for chemical reactions.

People used to take ether as a recreational drug (drugs used for fun, such as alcohol) in the 1800s. People would either drink a drink with small amounts of ether in it, just like people drink alcoholic drinks, or inhale the fumes given off by pure or nearly pure ether. This could have addicted these people to the ether if they did that often enough. It was a big problem in some places, like Ireland and Poland. It first became popular because Europeans thought it was unladylike to drink alcohol. Women would drink ether instead, as would teetotalers, people who had decided not to drink alcohol. 

It became illegal to sell ether in Poland in 1923.

Ether is made as a byproduct when ethanol is made, so it is not very expensive.

Carriage

A carriage is a type of vehicle that was used before cars were invented. It is a fancy type of cart or wagon, usually with four wheels and suspension. The carriages may be pulled by horses. Carriages are often used for weddings.


Lozi language

Lozi, also called Silozi and Rozi, is a Bantu language of the Niger-Congo language family.

It is spoken by the Lozi people in southwestern Zambia. It is also spoken in Zimbabwe, Botswana, and the Zambezi Region of Namibia.

The Lozi language comes from a mix of two languages: Luyana and Kololo.

This is Article 1 of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights in Lozi:

Ruhleben P.O.W. Camp

Ruhleben P.O.W. Camp was a camp near Berlin, Germany, where British prisoners of war were detained (kept) during World War I. Ruhleben itself was then a village 10 kilometres to the west of Berlin, but now it is part of the city of Berlin, in a district called Ruhleben in the borough of Spandau. The camp was originally a horse racecourse.

The detainees (people who were kept there) came from countries that were fighting against Germany in the war. Most of them were British. They were in Germany when the war broke out, which is why they were taken prisoner (detained). Some of them were in Germany because they lived there, others were on holiday at the time. Some of them were crew members of civilian ships that happened to be in German harbours at the time or who were captured at sea.

There were about 5,500 prisoners in the camp. Most of them spent all four years of World War I there. Books have been written about what it was like living in the camp. These include "To Ruhleben - And Back" by Geoffrey Pyke, who successfully escaped from the camp in 1915.

The detainees were mostly treated quite well. The guards had to obey the Geneva Conventions. Although there were some people who found it very difficult being kept there, many others found lots of things to do to keep themselves occupied. Letters, books, sports equipment and a printing press were all allowed into the camp and the detainees organised their own police force, magazine, library and postal service. Some of the detainees were young people who later became famous. They included the Canadian musician Ernest MacMillan who later became the conductor of the Toronto Symphony Orchestra. MacMillan had been on holiday in Germany to visit the Bayreuth Festival when war broke out. Charles Ellis and James Chadwick later became famous scientists. They used their time in Ruhleben to study. They were able to build a laboratory and do some experiments. There were famous footballers and athletes as well.

A lot of musical activities were organized in the camp. There was a Ruhleben Musical Society. Ernest MacMillan was a member and he gave concerts and lectures. Together with the composer and pianist Benjamin Dale, he played piano duet versions of all Beethoven’s symphonies. The society put on a performance of the Gilbert and Sullivan opera "Mikado" and a pantomime version of "Cinderella". They did not have the music for the "Mikado", but someone had the libretto (the words), and four of the musicians wrote the music from what they could remember. They wrote it out for whatever instruments they had in the camp. There was also a Ruhleben Drama Society which put on productions of Shakespeare’s "Othello" and "Twelfth Night" and Oscar Wilde’s "The Importance of Being Earnest".

As well as music and drama, sports also played a big part in the life of the camp detainees. Among the detainees were four people who had been England internationals: Fred Spiksley, Fred Pentland, Samuel Wolstenholme and Steve Bloomer, a Scotland international, John Cameron, a German international Edwin Dutton, and John Brearley, once of Everton and Tottenham Hotspur. There was a Ruhleben Football Association. Sometimes 1,000 detainees watched a game. Cricket, rugby, tennis, golf and boxing were also popular.

The detainees were free when the war ended and many of them were taken by ship back to Britain.


M249 light machine gun

The M249 light machine gun is a machine gun which is the U.S. vesion of the Belgian FN Minimi light machine gun, used by the United States and Lebanon. The main use of this weapon is to provide cover fire for other people in the group (the "squad") The gun uses 5.56 NATO caliber ammunition.

The M249 was made because a lot of the squadrons of the U.S. Army did not have fully automatic weapons. It has seen action in every war that the United States has been in since 1989. 

The M249 is due to be replaced by the German M27 Infantry Automatic Rifle in the U.S. Marines, but the U.S. Army does not plan to buy any M27's, so it will stay in service with them.

Toronto Symphony Orchestra

The Toronto Symphony Orchestra is a Canadian orchestra. 400,000 people go to its concerts each year and it is often broadcast over CBC Radio 2. It was formed in 1922. The concerts used to be given in the Massey Hall but since 1982 they have been in the Roy Thomson Hall. The Orchestra often goes on tour and has had some famous conductors.

List of conductors of the TSO:

The TSO's concertmaster now is Jacques Israelievitch.


Vattenfall Cyclassics

The Vattenfall Cyclassics is a cycling race held every year in Hamburg, Germany.

It started as an unimportant race in 1996, but because cycling became very popular in Germany it was made a part of the UCI Road World Cup in 1998. Since 2005, it is a part of the UCI ProTour.

The route of the race changes, but is about 250 km long. During a number of laps through Hamburg, the Waseberg hill is climbed a several times. The cyclists also race over Hamburg's highest bridge Köhlbrandbrücke. Unlike many races the Cyclassic race almost never ends in a "mass sprint", that is, with a lot of riders close together racing to the finish line.

There is an amateur part of the Cyclassics. Earlier on the day of the race there are three "Jedermann-Rennen". Anybody ("jedermann") with a ticket can take part in these races ("rennen") over 55 km, 100 km and 155 km. Tickets must be reserved months in advance. In 2005 there were 20000 amateurs on the course.

The sponsor of the Cyclassics, was the "Hamburg Electrizität Werke", Hamburg electricity plant or "HEW", after it became part of the big "Vattenfall" company the Cyclassic changed its name too, and from 2006 this cycling race has been known as the Vattenfall Cyclassics.


Gothic language

The Gothic language is an extinct Germanic language that was spoken by the Goths. It is the East Germanic language with the most texts surviving today. It had died out by the 8th century or perhaps the early 9th century.

Probably, one of the best known works of the language is Wulfila's translation of the Bible, known as the Wulfila Bible or "Gothic Bible" or "Codex Argenteus". The translation was done in the 3rd century.


Ernest MacMillan

Sir Ernest MacMillan (born Mimico, Ontario, 18 August 1893; died 6 May 1973) was a famous Canadian conductor and composer.

MacMillan's father was a Scottish Presbyterian minister and musician. He was a child prodigy. He gave his first organ recital in Massey Hall at the age of ten. After studying in Britain and gaining the ARCO and FRCO diplomas at the Royal College of Organists, he studied modern history at the University of Toronto from 1911 to 1914. 

In 1914 he went to Europe. He wanted to study at the Paris Conservatoire but this was closed because of the political situation. He went on to Germany to attend the Bayreuth Festival, but World War I started and he was taken prisoner and kept at the Ruhleben civilian detention camp near Berlin. He helped the other people who were prisoners in the camp to put on concerts. He gave talks about classical music and conducted a performance of the Gilbert and Sullivan opera "Mikado" as well as a pantomime version of "Cinderella". This helped him to get experience in conducting. He also took part in the drama productions. He studied hard and was given a BA degree from the University of Toronto (1915) and a D Mus from the University of Oxford (1918), although he was locked up in the camp all this time.

After the war he returned to Canada where he gave organ recitals and lectured about his experiences in Ruhleben. From 1926 to 1942 he was principal of the "Toronto Conservatory of Music", later to become the Royal Conservatory of Music. He was the conductor of the Toronto Symphony Orchestra between 1931 and 1956. He did a lot for music in Canada,and he was knighted in 1935 by King George V. In 1969 he was made a Companion of the Order of Canada. He died in Toronto in 1973.

When he conducted he often took the music very slowly. This gave him the nickname "Lord Largo" ("Largo" means "slow and broad" in music). He had an amazing musical memory and he could improvise very well. MacMillan helped to record and preserve the traditional songs and music of Canada's aboriginal or First Nations people. He had an important influence on almost every part of Canadian musical life.

Colin McRae

Colin McRae (5 August 1968 – 15 September 2007) was a Scottish rally car driver. He was one of the best rally drivers in the world. He died with his son and two other friends when he crashed his helicopter near his home in Lanark, Scotland.

Benjamin Dale

Benjamin Dale (born London 17 July 1885; died London 30 July 1943) was a British composer.

Dale won many prizes at the Royal Academy of Music for composition when he was still very young. He wrote a " Piano sonata in D minor" which shows the influence of Romantic composers such as Liszt and Schumann. It was played by pianists such as York Bowen and Dame Myra Hess who were becoming famous. He wrote music for viola for Lionel Tertis to play.

He was in Germany when World War I broke out and was a prisoner in the camp at Ruhleben. There were other musicians there, including the Canadian Ernest MacMillan who later became a famous conductor. They organized a lot of musical events at the camp. Ernest MacMillan gave lectures about each of the nine symphonies by Beethoven, after which he and Dale would play the whole symphony in a piano duet arrangement.

After the war he worked as an Associated Board examiner. He became professor of harmony at the Royal Academy of Music. He continued to compose music. His ballade for violin was especially popular. Dale’s music is not played much today, but there have been some attempts to make his music known again through CD recordings.

The Chaser's War On Everything

The Chaser’s War on Everything is a comedy television series. It was shown on the ABC in Australia from 2006-2009. The series is replayed on Friday nights and again (on a different channel) on Sunday nights. The series is hosted by a group of men called The Chaser. 

The series has the men doing stunts and tricks. Sometimes these tricks have been known to be dangerous (such as in one episode, cutting across lanes of traffic to stay behind a mobile advertisement), causing the television program Today Tonight to show a story on how dangerous this stunt was. At the end of each episode, there is a parody song performed, usually about the national government.

One of the most famous tricks that has been on the series was when the group tricked security at the APEC Meeting in Sydney in 2007. They drove past two checkpoints in a fake motorcade, using fake access passes. One member of The Chaser was dressed up as Osama bin Laden, causing a massive security scare just metres from where George Bush was staying. 13 crew members were arrested, charged and later released on bail.

Other stunts have included:

Illyria

Illyria (Ancient Greek: Ἰλλυρία, Illyría or Ἰλλυρίς, Illyrís) was an ancient region in the western part of today's Balkan Peninsula in modern-day Epirus, Greece. The people who lived there were called Illyrians and spoke the Illyrian languages.

The Illyrians settled in the Balkans approximately around 2500 BC along with other Indo Europeans.

The Illyrians became heavily romanised and a portion of them evolved into modern Albanians.


Battle of Kosovo

The Battle of Kosovo was a battle between Serbian forces and the Ottoman Empire. The result was huge losses on both sides, delaying the Turkish advance into Europe for many years. 

The battle was fought on St Vitus' Day, 1389. At the time this was June 15, but is now celebrated on the June 28.


Worcester

Worcester (pronounced "Wuster") is a cathedral city and district in the West Midlands of England. It is the county town of Worcestershire, a county of England. In 2015, it had 101,328 residents.

It is about 30 miles (48 km) southwest of Birmingham and 29 miles (47 km) north of Gloucester. 

The River Severn runs through the middle of the city. Worcester Cathedral overlooks the river. 

The University of Worcester is a high ranking university located in the city.

Famous composer Edward Elgar was from Worcester. It is also where Worcestershire sauce originated.

King John of England's tomb is in Worcester, in Worcester Cathedral.

The A38, A44, A422, A449, A4103, A4440 and A4538 roads pass through Worcester.

The M5 bypasses Worcester.

Worcester currently has three stations: Worcester Shrub Hill, Worcester Foregate Street and Worcestershire Parkway which is just outside the city and opened in 2020.

Stoke-on-Trent

Stoke-on-Trent is a city in Staffordshire in the West Midlands region of England. It is also a unitary authority.

Stoke-on-Trent was the home of the pottery industry in the United Kingdom. It was a very important exporter in the late 18th, the 19th and up to about 1960. It is commonly known as The Potteries. The industry was killed off by cheap Chinese pottery after the Second World War, and by the even cheaper plastic homeware. 

Coal was its other employment. The furnaces of the kilns needed coal. Coal was also a commodity which was exported from the area.

The city is unusual in that it is made up of a cluster of six towns Longton, Fenton, Stoke (Stoke-upon-Trent), Hanley, Burslem, and Tunstall.

Stoke-on-Trent is known for the Supermarine Spitfire, pottery, oatcakes, the spark plug, Sir Stanley Mathews, Robbie Williams, Slash, Arnold Bennett, Captain Smith and Stoke City F.C. (Stoke City is the second oldest professional football club: it was founded in 1863).


Triton (moon)

Triton, or Neptune I, is the largest moon of the planet Neptune. It is the seventh-largest moon in the Solar System. Triton is slightly smaller than Earth's Moon. Triton has a complicated geological history: it is thought to have a young surface compared to the age of the Solar System itself.

It was discovered by the British astronomer William Lassell on 10 October 1846, just 17 days after Neptune itself was discovered by the German astronomer Johann Gottfried Galle and Heinrich Louis d'Arrest.

Triton is believed to be a captured Kuiper Belt object, and is the coldest known body in the Solar System. The surface temperature of Triton was recorded by Voyager 2 as -235 °C (-391 °F). Triton has its own magnetic field and has a faint trace of an atmosphere.

Drag and tidal interaction cause Triton to fall slowly into lowered orbits. This process is very slow. 3.6 billion years from now, Triton will pass within Neptune's Roche limit. It will either collide with Neptune's atmosphere or break up, forming a ring system similar to that found around the planet Saturn.

The reason why Triton is thought to be a captured object is its orbit, which is unique in the Solar System. It is both retrograde (see diagram) and highly tilted. Although there are other satellites with retrograde orbits, they are much smaller than Triton, and much more distant from their host planets (their "primaries"). Triton, like our Moon, shows only one face to the planet: it rotates in synchrony to Neptune.
All we know about the surface of Triton comes from one fly-by of Voyager 2 in 1989. There are few impact craters. This suggests the surface is quite young in astronomical terms: estimates are six to 50 million years.

Despite its very cold temperature, the surface of Triton is geologically active. There are events which look like geysers, volcanos and earthquakes. All the materials involved are quite different from those on Earth. Most of the gases are frozen most of the time. Gases like nitrogen are frozen until something occurs to melt them, then it turns back into a gas. A temperature increase of just 4 K () is enough to make this happen.

Like most TNOs, Triton is mostly icy. While Triton's orbit does give us insight on its past, it is mostly unknown. It is thought that Triton formed in a binary system, like Pluto, and was moving at very high speeds. However, when it passed through Neptune's Roche sphere the other body will have been flung out, reducing Triton's speed and allowing it to be captured. Now, Triton is the most massive TNO to ever have existed, and it had effects on Neptune's moon system. All large moons were destroyed, flung out of orbit or crashed into Neptune itself.


Kulykol

Kulykol is a lake in northeastern Kazakhstan. Lake Aike is about south. The Russian border is to the west.

Pierre Curie

Pierre Curie (15 May 1859 in Paris – 19 April 1906 in Paris) was a French physicist. He shared the 1903 Nobel Prize in Physics with his wife, Marie Curie and Henri Becquerel, for the work on 'spontaneous radioactivity' which Becquerel discovered.

Pierre Curie is not as well known as Marie Curie, although Pierre and his brother had done a lot of work before Pierre's marriage and work with Marie. They were the first to use the term 'radioactivity', and were pioneers in its study. Pierre and his brother, Jacques Curie, built a special meter for measuring small amounts of electricity, piezoelectricity and ferromagnetism which Pierre and Marie used in their other discoveries.

Pierre died after a carriage accident in Paris on 19 April 1906. His head was crushed under the wheels. If he had lived he would probably have died by radiation poisoning, as Marie did. As they were the first to study radioactivity, they did not know how dangerous it was.

After Pierre's death, a group of scientists at the Radiology Congress decided to honour him by naming the unit of radioactivity a curie.

Pierre and Marie Curie's daughter Irène Joliot-Curie and their son-in-law Frédéric Joliot-Curie were also physicists involved in the study of radioactivity, and were also given the Nobel prize for their work. Their other daughter Ève wrote her mother's biography. His granddaughter Hélène Langevin-Joliot is a professor of nuclear physics at the University of Paris and his grandson, Pierre Joliot, who was named after him, is a noted biochemist.



Hindustani language

Hindustani is a language. It is made up of the common parts of Hindi and Urdu. Hindi and Urdu have similar grammar, but slightly different vocabulary and very different scripts.
Hindustani was born in Punjab during the Ghaznavid Empire (Lahore as its capital) in the early decades of the eleventh century AD.

Masala

Masala or Massala or Masalo (, , , ) is a word used in South Asia mainly in India. When Indian people talk about cooking and they say "masala", they mean a mixture of ground spices used in Indian cooking. 

There are many different, popular spice mixtures that have been given their own name because they taste really good with one special ingredient. The dish will often use "masala" in its name. Some popular dishes are:


The blend of spices or "masala" for these dishes is often sold in markets or packed by companies to be sold in shops. Some spice blends, like Garam Masala, are so popular it is often used in many different recipes, not just one.

Also India is one of the only countries to have the highest variety in masalas. Around 70% of the world's spice business and exports are handled by India.

Mayan languages

The Mayan languages ares a group of languages spoken in Central America and Mesoamerica. 

Mayan languages are spoken by at least 6 million native Maya. Most of them are in Guatemala, Mexico or Belize. In 1996, Guatemala formally recognized 21 Mayan languages by name, and Mexico recognises eight others.

The Mayan languages are some of the best documented and most studied in the Americas. Modern Mayan languages come from Proto-Mayan, a language that was probably spoken at least 5000 years ago. It has been partly reconstructed.

Soconusco

Soconusco is a region of the Mexican state of Chiapas. It is in the most southern part of the state. It borders the Republic of Guatemala on the southeast, the regions Costa, Sierra and Fraylesca of Chiapas on the east and north, and the shore of the Pacific Ocean on the southwest. It is a region of rich lowlands and foothills. The economic center of Soconusco is Tapachula.

The name comes from the Nahuatl word "xoconostle", meaning the fruit of the prickly pear cactus. It was, under the Mexican culture, the farthest region of trade. The area provided jaguar pelts, cacao, and quetzal feathers for the ruling classes in the Aztec capital of Tenochtitlan. 

The Soconusco region is the main coffee-producing region in Chiapas. It has many plantations farther inland in the foothills of the Sierra Madre del Sur.

Chiapas

Chiapas is the southernmost state of Mexico. It is towards the southeast of the country. Chiapas is bordered by the states of Tabasco to the north, Veracruz to the northwest, and Oaxaca to the west. To the east Chiapas borders Guatemala, and to the south the Pacific Ocean. 

Chiapas has an area of . The 2005 census population was 4,293,459 people.

In general Chiapas has a humid, tropical weather. In the north, in the area bordering Tabasco, near Teapa, rainfall can be more than 3,000 mm (118 in) per year . In the past, natural vegetation at this region was lowland, tall perennial rainforest, but this vegetation has been destroyed almost completely to give way to agriculture and ranching. Rainfall decreases moving towards the Pacific Ocean, but it is still abundant enough to allow the farming of bananas and many other tropical crops near Tapachula. On the several parallel "sierras" or mountain ranges running along the center of Chiapas, climate can be quite temperate and foggy. This allows the development of cloud forests like those of the Reserva de la Biosfera el Triunfo, home to a handful of quetzals and horned guans.

The state capital is Tuxtla Gutiérrez. Other cities and towns in Chiapas include San Cristóbal de las Casas, Comitán, and Tapachula. Chiapas is also home to the ancient Maya ruins of Palenque, Yaxchilan, Bonampak, Chinkultic, and Tonina.

Most people in Chiapas are poor, rural small farmers. About one quarter of the population are of full or predominant Maya descent, and in rural areas many do not speak Spanish. The state suffers from the highest rate of malnutrition in Mexico. This rate is estimated to affect over 40% of the population.

Other social issues involve the increasing presence of the Central American gangs known as Maras, and illegal immigration from Central America in general. This migration is mostly directed towards the United States, but it makes local poverty even worse. Many times, there are abuse and Human Rights violations that touch these migrants.

In 1994, there was an outbreak of violence between the Mexican Government and the Zapatista Army of National Liberation (the EZLN or Zapatistas). Today, the EZLN (Ejército Zapatista de Liberación Nacional, named in honour of Emiliano Zapata) has rejected the use of force and seek to be recognized as a voice of the poor. There are currently 32 "rebel autonomous zapatista municipalities" (independent Zapatista communities, MAREZ in Spanish), controlled by the EZLN in Chiapas: examples of these communities are Ocosingo and Las Margaritas.

Urbanism

Urbanism is the study of cities. Urbanists look at the different factors present in a city. A city is different from rural areas. There are certain things than make people come to a city, to live and work there. There are also certain factors, like where the city is located, that have an influence on the economic, social and cultural development of that city.


Teotihuacán

Teotihuacán was a city in pre-Columbian America. At the time it was most populated, it was the largest known city there at the time, housing over 100,000 people. This was from about the 1st century to about the 5th century. The city is about 40 km away from Mexico City.

The civilization and culture that lived around this city was called Teotihuacán. Its important position can be seen in various sites in Veracruz, and the area controlled by the Maya civilization.

The name "Teotihuacán" was given by the Nahuatl-speaking Aztec centuries after the fall of the city. Although the original name of the city is unknown, it can be seen in hieroglyph inscriptions. Nahuatl creation myths took place in the city. The Nauhatl name,Teotihuacán, translates to 'birthplace of the gods. '

The Maya seemed to have referred to it as "puh", as "place of reeds". This is similar to other Central Mexican settlements that took the name 'Tollan' such as Tula-Hidalgo and Cholula. It looks like "Tollan" was a general term, used for large settlements. In the concept of urbanism of the time, "Tollan" and other names seemed like a metaphor. They linked the bundles of reeds and rushes that formed part of the environment of the Valley of Mexico and the large gathering of people in a city.

This might've been cause by the death of Pele (1940- 2022)

We still only know very little about the beginning of Teotihuacán. We also have not dedicated much time to such periods like the Formative Period. Some believe that this city was built by the Toltec people, but others believe that Teotihuacán is much older than the Toltec Civilization.

The archeologists Sugiyama and Sarabia also recently discovered older structures and Patlachique ceramics in the Sun Pyramid’s fill. Studies from their radiocarbon essays demonstrated that the construction of the pyramid was later than what many had thought before. Many now think that the construction began at around 229-330 A.D. If the Patlachique and Tzacualli phases are now this late, the chronology of Teotihuacán will require some crucial changes. No one has applied these changes yet to Teotihuacán's chronology, but it it important that these findings be noted.

What we do know about Teotihuacán chronology is that beginning 150-100 B.C. Teotihuacan grew rapidly due to regional dominance of the Cuicuilio and the relocation of much of the population. Many settlements moved from the hinterlands to the valley floor. Teotihuacán’s urbanism grew exponentially during the subsequent Patalachique Phase. This is also when the Moon Pyramid was constructed, which was one of the earliest public structures in the city. The following chronology is the development and decline of Teotihuacán that is divided into six phases. This is based on ceramic distinctions defined through test excavations throughout the city.

Chronological Phase Approximate Dates

Patlachique 100– 1 B.C.

Tzacualli A.D. 1-100

Miccaotli A.D. 100-170

Tlamimilolpa A.D. 170-350

Xolalpan A.D. 350-550

Metepec A.D. 550-650

Rapid population growth occurred within Teotihuacán during the Tzacualli and Miccaotli period. Many believe this is due to the relocation of the settlements within the Basin of Mexico. The move occurred after volcanic activity, which impacted southern portions of the Basin. With the population moving, vast amounts of construction efforts began to shape the ceremonial core of the city. Many have suggested that the Street of the Dead was established during this time, replacing earlier structures that now underlie this area, and large-scale construction occurred at the Sun Pyramid, the Moon Pyramid, and the Ciudadela complex.

During the Tlamimilolpa period, the city of Teotihuacán began to construct about 2,300 apartment compounds throughout the city. Teotihuacan’s foreign interactions began to retract at around 450-500 A.D. Their level of economic and social power began to shrink by the Metepec Phase, as well as their population.

At first, people believed that sometime in the 7th and 8th century, Teotihuacán was attacked and burned by invaders The Toltecs might have invaded the city. More recent research shows, that the fire damage and looting seems to be limited to the structures and houses of the higher class or those considered elite. This evidence makes an uprising from the poor more likely than invasion. The invasion theory is also not as accurate, because excavation and restoration work started with the temples, and palaces. All these structures showed extreme fire damage. The archaeologists then concluded, that the whole city was most likely burned. The destruction seems to have been focused on structures along the Avenue of the Dead. Some statues seem to have been destroyed in a rather methodical way. The population in the city started to decline around the 6th century. This supports the hypothesis that there was unrest in the city. The decline in population is generally linked to drought and deforestation. These were linked to climate change, occurring in 535-536 A.D. There also seem to be more skeletons of young people, and more evidence of malnutrition in city in the 6th century.There is no conflict between the theories. Both increased warfare and internal unrest can also be effects of a general period of drought and famine.

A major key that allowed Teotihuacán to become so powerful and large was due to the absence of nearby enemies. However, due to sociopolitical chaos, environment issues that Tehuatican could recover from, and declining population, Teotihuacán became very weak in regards to defending itself from the outside world. Other cities nearby tried to take the position of Teotihuacán. These included Cholula, Xochicalco, and Cacaxtla. They tried to take advantage of Teotihuacán of being weak. Some believe they may have aligned themselves against Teotihuacán to reduce its influence and power. The art and architecture at these sites show an interest in emulating Teotihuacán forms. There is also but also a broader mix of motifs and iconography from other parts of Mesoamerica, particularly the Maya region.

Teotihuacán was a multi-ethnic city, with distinct Zapotec, Mixtec, Maya and what seem to be Nahua quarters. Immigration played a key role in the city’s growth and its variety of ethnicity. This then included ethnic barrios. The well-known Oaxaca (Zapotec) Barrio and the Merchants’ Barrio continue to be the subject of research on the immigrants in Teotihuacán. Due to these barrios, we have found that there was immigrants coming from western Mexico, Oaxaca, the Gulf Lowlands, and central Mexico.

The city was a center of industry. Many potters, jewelers, and craftsmen lived there. Many obsidian artifacts were produced in Teotihuacán. However, no ancient Teotihuacan non-ideographic texts are known to exist (or known to have existed). Mentions of the city in inscriptions from Maya cities show that Teotihuacán nobility travelled to local rulers, as far away as Honduras. It might have conquered them. Maya inscriptions mention an individual nicknamed by scholars as "Spearthrower Owl". He seems to have been a ruler of Teotihuacán, who reigned for over 60 years. He installed his relatives as rulers of Tikal and Uaxactúnin Guatemala Most of what we infer about the culture at Teotihuacán comes from the murals on the site and others, like the Wagner Murals, found in private collections, and from hieroglyphic inscriptions made by the Maya describing their encounters with Teotihuacan conquerors.

