The religion of Teotihuacán is similar to those of other Mesoamerican cultures. Many of the same gods were worshipped. This includes the Feathered Serpent and The Rain god. Teotihuacán was know to be a major religious center. The priests most likely had a great deal of political power. As with other Mesoamerican cultures, the people of Teotihuacán practiced human sacrifice. Human bodies and animal sacrifices have been found during excavations of the pyramids at Teotihuacán. When the buildings were expanded, sacrifices were probably made to dedicate the new building. The victims could have been enemy warriors captured in battle. They were then brought to the city to be ritually sacrificed so the city could prosper. Some were decapitated, others had their hearts removed, still others were killed by being hit several times over the head. Some were even buried alive. Animals that were considered sacred and represented mythical powers and military might were also buried alive. They were imprisoned in cages, though. Cougars, a wolf, eagles, a falcon, an owl, and even venomous snakes were among those found.

Research on faunal and botanical remains from exploited apartment compounds found that there was a variety of resources for the city's diet. What was found included maize, amaranth, beans, squash, chili peppers, tomatoes, maguey, huahzontle, purslane, Mexican hawthorn, and Mexican cherries. A residue analysis from some ceramic vessels also demonstrated that a portion of Teotihuacán's dietary input was pulque, which was fermented from the sap of the maguey cactus. Studies of faunal remains at various apartment compounds suggest that the primary animal species consumed included several species of rabbits, white-tailed deer, dog, waterbirds, fish, quail, turkey, dove, and turtle. Egg fragments from these animals such as quail and turkey were also found to be a primary use of protein. Due to the consumption of white-tailed deer, It is still argued whether or not the people of Teotihuacán hunted more or relied on domestic animals.

The city's broad central avenue, called "Avenue of the Dead," is flanked by impressive ceremonial architecture, including the immense Pyramid of the Sun (second largest in the New World after the Great Pyramid of Cholula) and the Pyramid of the Moon. Along the Avenue of the Dead are many smaller talud-tablero platforms. The Aztecs believed they were tombs, inspiring the name of the avenue. Now they are known to be ceremonial platforms that were topped with temples. Further down the Avenue of the Dead is the area known as the Citadel, containing the ruined Temple of the Feathered Serpent. This area was a large plaza surrounded by temples that formed the religious and political center of the city. The name "Citadel" was given to it by the Spanish, who believed it was a fort.

One aspect that was unique to Teotihuacán's layout was their utilization of apartment compounds. Over time, there were over 2,000 apartment compounds throughout city. These compounds didn't just house one family, but housed multiple families. These housed various people in all aspects of social classes as well. However, these people were not sent to live in certain compounds at random. Teotihuacán had a housing system which ensured that people and their families who had the same occupation would also live with other families with that same oppcupation. Rabbit breeders lived with rabbit breeders and plasters lived with plasters. However, it was also very common for people to do multiple specializations. Many did lots of farm work or specialized in some other sort of craft specialty. These compounds provided a standardized residential form but varied on the inside and expressed status, class, occupational, and ethnic differences between families. In every compound, each family had its own suite of rooms for cooking, dining, storing their belongings, and sleeping. They also had areas for directing funerals and burying their dead. Patios were centers of household religious dedication focused on patron or domestic deities.

The Moon Pyramid was the first of the three major pyramids to be built. It was constructed in several stages that had a fourth enlargement during the third century A.D. Four burial complexes were found with sacrificial victims and some wealthy objects, but none seemed to be anything important like a ruler or someone high in the religious or political realm.

The Sun Pyramid is near an artificial cave and is associated with the Storm God, time, astronomy, the sun, and the Pleiades. This pyramid was mostly dedicated to investments and pilgrimage. Due to the pyramid’s semi-detached platform, it was known as the area of New Fire ceremonies. The New Fire ceremonies only happened at the end of a 52-year cycle at the time where new houses, temples, and cities were founded, and new rulers came into power.

The Feathered Serpent Pyramid was the last large temple added to the Street of the Dead. This pyramid is linked to the creation of a watery world with sacred warfare, sacrifice, authority, and rulership. Dedication of this temple included offerings of sacrificed warriors and some have theorized that other people who were sacrificed were captives. A central tomb was found, but had been looted in prior times. Many consider this tomb to be for someone that was a ruler or for someone of high importance.

Knowledge of the great ruins of Teotihuacán was never lost. After the fall of the city, various squatters lived on the site. During Aztec times, the city was a place of pilgrimage and identified with the myth of Tollan, the place where the sun was created. Teotihuacán astonished the Spanish "conquistadores" during the post-conquest era. Today Teotihuacán is one of the most noted archaeological attractions in Mexico.

Minor archaeological excavations were conducted in the 19th century, and in 1905 major projects of excavation and restoration began under archaeologist Leopoldo Batres. The Pyramid of the Sun was restored to celebrate the centennial of Mexican Independence in 1910. Major programs of excavation and restoration were carried out in 1960-65 and 1980-82. Recent projects at the Pyramid of the Moon and the Pyramid of the Feathered Serpent have greatly expanded evidence of cultural practices. Teotihuacán features museums and reconstructed structures.



Deadwood (TV series)

Deadwood is an American dramatic television series. It was first shown in March 2004 on HBO. The series is a Western set in the 1870s in Deadwood, South Dakota. At the time, Deadwood was little more than a camp, but it was a popular place to go for those searching for gold in the Black Hills. The series shows Deadwood's growth from camp to town. It deals with ideas ranging from the creation of communities to western capitalism.

"Deadwood" features many historical people. For example, Wild Bill Hickok, Seth Bullock, Sol Star, Calamity Jane, Al Swearengen, Wyatt Earp, E. B. Farnum, Charlie Utter and George Hearst have all been used in the series. The stories that deal these characters include historical truths as well as fictional parts. Some of the characters are fully fictional, but they may have been based on actual persons.

The series was created by David Milch ("NYPD Blue"). He was also executive producer and head writer of the show. The theme music was written by David Schwartz.

The third and final season ended on August 27, 2006.


Royal Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals

The Royal Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals (RSPCA) is a charity in England and Wales that promotes animal welfare. Money for the group comes from donations. It is one of the largest charities in the UK, with an income of £100 million in 2005.

The group began as the SPCA in 1824. Since then, it has inspired the creation of similar, but independent organisations in other regions:
Not only that, there are also many other countries who have participated in this effort to prevent cruelty not only against domestic pets but also to other almost extinct or endangered wildlife.



Tim Minear

Tim Minear (born October 29, 1963) is an American screenwriter and director. He was born in New York, grew up in Whittier, California. He studied film at California State University, Long Beach.

Minear was an assistant director on the movie "Platoon". He wrote episodes for several television series including "The X-Files" and "". He later wrote, executive-produced, and directed episodes of "Strange World", "Angel", "Firefly", "Wonderfalls", and "The Inside" (which he also created, with Howard Gordon).

Minear had another series, "Drive", airing on FOX in April 2007, however it was cancelled by the network after only four episodes. Drive was set to return with two additional episodes on July 4th, 2007, but these were rescheduled to July 13th and then cancelled.

Minear often works with Joss Whedon. His work is usually includes a sharp, black humor. He is known for his ability to create characters who are sympathetic, understandable and completely wrong. The best example of this is his writing in "Angel" Season Two.



Lamella (zoology)

A Lamella (plural: lamellae) is a soft, thin plate that is attached to the bony gill arches in a fish's gills.

Lamellae also appear in other animals, for example water birds and ducks, as a filter when feeding for organisms or plant matter.

Lamella

Lamella is a Latin word meaning "layer", or something which is like a "plate".

It can mean:

Sütterlin

Sütterlinschrift, Sütterlin or Suetterlin script is a form of German handwriting. It was taught in German schools from 1915 to 1941. 

In the 19th century the common form of German handwriting was German Kurrent. It uses very thin lines and sharp edges. Many students in primary school found it difficult to learn. So in 1911 the German designer and teacher Ludwig Sütterlin was asked to design a simpler script. Sütterlin script has thicker lines and rounder edges than German Kurrent. It can be easily written with any pen. 

In everyday language some people call any handwritten blackletter script "Sütterlin".



Runic calendar

The Runic calendar also "Rune staff" or "Runic Almanac" is a perpetual calendar based on the 19 year long Metonic cycle of the Moon. 

A typical Runic calendar consisted of several horizontal lines of symbols, one above the other.

Special days like solstices, equinoxes, and celebrations (including Christian holidays and feasts) were marked with additional lines of symbols.


Agha Petros

Agha Petros (; born 1 April 1880, died 2 February 1932) was an Assyrian military leader during World War I. Petros was born in the Lower Baz village, Ottoman Empire. 

Agha Petros defeated the Turks in Sauj Bulak and drove them back to Rowanduz.


Classical Latin

Classical Latin is the form of Latin that was used by the Ancient Romans in official Roman record-keeping, the Roman army, and Latin literature. Its use helped the Golden Age of Latin literature, during the 1st century BC and the early 1st century AD.

Classical Latin is a dead language, as is Vulgar Latin, the common speech of citizens in the Roman Empire. Latin is no longer spoken as a first language, but it is still spoken by church officials in the Vatican, where it is the official language.

Syriac language

Syriac ( "leššānā Suryāyā") is an Eastern Aramaic language. It was spoken long ago in the Fertile Crescent. Most of the Aramaic writing that survives from the second to the eighth century AD is Syriac.


Louis Charles Antoine Desaix

Louis Charles Antoine Desaix (August 17, 1768 – June 14, 1800) was a general of France.

Napoleon Bonaparte created two monuments in the memory of Desaix; they are "Desaix" on the "Place Dauphine" and "Place des Victoires" in Paris.

Monte Melkonian

Monte Melkonian (born November 25, 1957 – June 12, 1993) was an American-Armenian military commander. in the Nagorno-Karabakh war. He is largely known for major military victories against Azerbaijan from the late autumn of 1992, . Melkonian had no prior service record in any country's army before being placed in command of an estimated 4,000 men in the war. He had largely built his military education beginning from the late 1970s and 1980s where he fought against the various splintering factions in the Lebanese Civil War, against Israeli troops in the Israeli invasion of Lebanon and was a member of the Armenian terror organization ASALA.


Israel Defense Forces

The Israel Defense Forces (shortened: "IDF") () ), ""Army for the Defense of Israel"", known in Israel by the Hebrew acronym צה"ל, (Tzahal), is the name of Israel's military forces. It includes the Israel Army, Israel Air Force and Israel Navy.

Since 1967, it has had a close relationship with the United States. The IDF is believed to have maintained Nuclear weapons, possibly possessing between 80 and 400 nuclear warheads.

The army has many corps:

Ground Arm


Government of the Dominican Republic

The Constitution of the Dominican Republic says that the country is a presidential democratic republic. It is a republic because the chief of State is a president, and not a king, queen or emperor. It is presidential because the president is also the head of government and there is not a prime minister as in other countries. It is democratic because the president, vice-president and the members of Congress are elected by the people.

The Constitution also says that there are three branches of government with separation of powers. They are the "executive branch", the "legislative branch", and the "judicial branch". The three branches are independent from each other.

The executive branch is the part of the government that enforces the law. The people elects a President (and a Vice-President) who is the leader of the executive branch, as well as the leader of the Armed Forces. The President decides whether or not the bills that the Legislative branch passes will become laws. He may also make "decrees" to govern the country and to name persons in different positions. The President is in charge of many departments that control all of the different parts of the government. These departments are called Secretaries of State because they help the President to govern the country. For example, the Secretary of State of Agriculture takes care of the agriculture of the country. The President may serve two 4-year terms, making 8 years in all.

The legislative branch is the part of the government that makes laws. The legislative branch is made up of Congress, which is located in Santo Domingo, the capital of the Dominican Republic. The Congress is divided into two groups or "chambers".

One group is the Chamber of Deputies ("Cámara de Diputados"). The Chamber of Deputies is made up of Deputies, who are each elected by voters from their own province. The number of Deputies a province has is based on how many people live there: the more people a province has, the more deputies it gets. No province can have less than two Deputies. Deputies serve 4-year terms. The total number of Deputies for the period 2006-2010 is 178.

The other house is the Senate ("Senado"). In the Senate, each province is represented equally, by one Senator. Senators serve 4-year terms. There are 32 Senators, one for every province and one for the National District, where the capital city is.

The judicial branch is the part of government makes sure that the laws are obeyed and interprets what the law means. The judicial branch is made up of the Supreme Court and many lower courts. If the Supreme Court decides that a law is not allowed by the Constitution, then it is not a law anymore. The Supreme Court is made up of at least 11 judges. The head of the Supreme Court is called the President of the Supreme Court. A Supreme Court Justice serves until he or she either dies, or resigns (quits in the middle of his or her term). The Supreme Court controls all the courts in the country.

There is a governor in every province; there is not a governor in the National District, where is the capital of the country. The governors are only representatives of the President of the Republic.
Every province is divided into two or more municipalities (Spanish: "municipios", singular "municipio"); the Distrito Nacional has only one municipality - Santo Domingo.

There are only two branches in the municipalities: the executive and the legislative. They are elected for four years by the people that lives in the municipality.

The Mayor ("Síndico") is the head of the executive branch and the Municipal Council ("Ayuntamiento") is the legislative branch.

The rural parts of a municipality are divided into "Secciones" (singular, "Sección"; in English, "section"); every "Sección" has a person which represents the municipal administration.

The Dominican Republic has 154 municipalities ("municipios") (June 20 2006).

A municipality can have one municipal district ("distrito municipal") or more. A municipal council ("Junta Municipal") for such a municipal district is elected by the municipal council of the municipality to which it belongs and not for the people that lives there.

There are 202 municipal districts ("distrito municipal") in the Dominican Republic (June 20 2006).

Massacres in Harput District

Massacres in Harput District also Kharput were a large scale of massacres that happened in the district. 

In May 1915, before the start of the deportations, the authorities in Harput began to mount systematic searches for arms in Armenian shops and homes in the twin cities and the surrounding villages. 

In the words of an eye-witness.

Denmark's minister in Turkey during the First World War. "The Turks are vigorously carrying through their cruel intention, to exterminate the Armenian people," Carl Wandel wrote on 3 July 1915. The Bishop of Karput was ordered to leave Aleppo within 48 hours "and it has later been learned that this Bishop and all the clergy that accompanied him have been ... killed between Diyarbekir and Urfa at a place where approximately 1,700 Armenian families have suffered the same fate ... In Angora ... approximately 6,000 men ... have been shot on the road ... even here in Constantinople (Istanbul), Armenians are being abducted and sent to Asia ..." 

The first sign of dangers was the appearance on the plain of bands of Kurds from the regions north and east. Villages were attacked, looted and burned, while the villagers were killed or scattered. For a time the marauders seemed to hold aloof from the city itself, but as they kept on their course of pillage their appetite for plunder was whetted, and they looked with avaricious eyes at the city on the hill. 


Tour de Pologne

The Tour de Pologne (English: "Tour of Poland") is a road bicycle racing stage race. It consists of seven or eight stages, and was first held in 1928. Until 1952, the race was not held every year, but since then there has been a Tour "annually" (every year). When Eastern Europe was communist-controlled there were no professional cyclists, so until the early 1990s, the race was for amateurs only, and the winners mostly came from Poland.

Although the Tour de Pologne had not reached a high status, and was little known, the International Cycling Union (UCI) decided to make it a part of the UCI ProTour from 2005, which means that the major cycling teams compete in the race.


Atlas Shrugged

Atlas Shrugged is a book by the Russian American writer and social philosopher Ayn Rand. It was first published in 1957 in the United States. It was Rand's longest book and the last fiction book she wrote before writing non-fiction. 

The main character of the story is Dagny Taggart. Dagny runs a large railroad company that controls the Transcontinental Railroad in the United States. The story takes place in the USA at a time when trains are the main way that people travel and that companies move their products.

Dagny begins to worry that a lot of the country's best minds are going away. The men who were in charge of an industry or the best at science are giving up their work and disappearing. Nobody knows where they go. She starts looking for "the Destroyer", whom she believes is making the leaders stop working.

During her search, the country and the world get worse. Without the leaders, industries grind to a halt. The economy begins to fail, causing problems for society.

Finally, Dagny finds the "Destroyer". His real name is John Galt. She realises that she was wrong and that John is not a bad man. Instead he is a man of high integrity and principle. He thinks that the world has been taking the work of the leaders and scientists without paying them enough. He thinks that the only way to make the worlds better is to make sure that the best minds are treated with respect and given enough payment. By telling the leaders and scientists this, he has convinced them to go on strike. They are hiding in a secret valley in the mountains.

John Galt also convinces Dagny that he is right. She joins this man in his valley. They begin a relationship. Their goal is to bring down society so that they can help make a new society. The new society will respect hard work, intelligence and integrity.


Basilisk

Basilisks are a type of lizard. They are about 70-75 cm long, when fully grown, and weigh about 80 grams. They live in South America. There are four different species. They can be very still and hard to see.

The basilisk lizard can walk on water. It runs across the surface of a pond or pool, without sinking. Its speed keeps it from sinking. At the same time, its long tail helps it to balance.

Hindu calendar

The Hindu calendar is a lunisolar calendar used in ancient times. It has changed, and today there are several regional Indian calendars, and an Indian national calendar.


Taíno

The Taínos are an indigenous people that have lived in the Americas before Columbus arrived there. They came from the Caribbean coast of South America. Around 1200 CE, they moved northward to the island chain of the Lesser Antilles and the Greater Antilles.

When Christopher Columbus came to the Americas, the Taínos were living in the Bahamas, the Greater Antilles (Cuba, Jamaica, Hispaniola and Puerto Rico), and some islands of the northern Lesser Antilles. Their culture was different from the culture of the Arawak people (another indigenous group of South America). They were the first people that the Spanish met in the Americas.

The name Taíno was given by Columbus. When he met some native men, they said "Taíno, Taíno", meaning "We are good, noble". Columbus thought that taíno was the name of the people.

Rouse divides the Taínos into three main groups. One is the Classic Taíno, from Hispaniola and Puerto Rico. Another is the Western Taíno or sub-Taíno, from Jamaica, Cuba (except for the western tip of the island) and the Bahamas. The third is the Eastern Taíno, from the Virgin Islands to Montserrat.

The Taínos of the Bahamas were known as the '"Lucayan". (At that time, the Bahamas were called the "Lucayas"). Lucayos were Taínos, but their culture was less developed. Archeologists call them "sub-Taínos".

The Taínos' ancestors went from the center of the Amazon Basin to the Orinoco Valley. From there, they went through Guyana and Venezuela and got to the Caribbean islands.

A different theory says that the Taínos' ancestors came from the Colombian Andes.

The Taíno culture developed in the Greater Antilles.

Taíno society is divided into two classes. There are the "naborias" (common people) and the "nitaínos" (nobles). Both classes are governed by chiefs known as "caciques". The caciques could be either male or female. There are also "bohiques" (medicine men).

The Taínos lived in villages called "yucayeques". The villages in the Bahamas were the smallest. The Taínos built large round houses called bohio, where several families lived. The cacique and his family lived in a rectangular house called caneye. People slept on cotton hammocks ("hamacas").

The Taínos often played a ball game called "batos". "Batey" was also the name of the place where they played and had dances. The cacique sat on a chair of wood called "duho", or "dujo".

The New York Times

The New York Times (NYT, also called the "Times"), is an American newspaper based in New York City. It is printed around the world. It is owned by The New York Times Company, which owns and makes 15 other newspapers.

The "New York Times" was first printed in 1851. Its motto is "All the news that's fit to print". "The New York Times" has a national list of bestselling books, in several categories.

As of 2010, only two United States newspapers were bought by more readers than the "Times". These newspapers are the "Wall Street Journal" and "USA Today".


Nairi

The Nairi () were a late Bronze Age people who lived in the area of the later Kingdom of Urartu, around Lake Van, in what is now the East Anatolia Region.

To this day, Nairi ("Yerkir Nairi", Arm.- Country of Nairi) is used as one of the names for Armenia, and is also a common Armenian name. It is also often used by Armenian poets, including Vahan Terian (author of "Am I the last poet of Nairi?"), Yeghishe Charents, and Vahagn Davtian.


Hayasa-Azzi

Hayasa-Azzi or Azzi-Hayasa, Haisa () were a people and area, in North of the Euphrates and to the South of Hayasa. It is not known if their language was Indo-European or Hurrian because there is no records of their language.

Ancient Armenia

Ancient Armenia was a rocky land of ravines, rivers, rugged cliffs, and hundreds of stone monuments and churches. Many survive to this day inside the Turkish border near Armenia. Armenia anciently had far more bigger land than it has now.

Ancient Armenia grew larger into parts of what are now Turkey and Iran.

De Morgan has said there are signs which show that the Armenians, as their other Aryan relatives, were nature worshipers and that this faith in time was later changed to the worship of national gods, of which many were the equivalents of the gods in the Roman, Greek and Persian cultures. The main proto-Armenian (Aryan) god was Ar, the god of Sun, Fire and Revival. The Armenian hypothesis of Indo-European origins connects the name with the "Ar-" Armenian root meaning light, sun, fire found in Arev (Sun), Arpi (Light of heaven), Ararich (God or Creator), Ararat (place of Arar), Aryan, Arta etc. According to the researchers, the name of Ardini religious center of ancient Urartu also related to the god Ar-Arda. The cult of Ar appear in Armenian Highland during 5-3th millennium BC and had common Indo-European recognition: Ares (Greek), Ahuramazd (Persian) Ertag (German), Ram (Indian), Yar-Yarilo (Slavonic) etc. After adoption of Christianity the cult of Ar was also evident in Armenia, remembered in the national myth, poetry, art and architecture.



Audition

An audition is a test to see whether a person is good enough to take part in a play or concert or to join a theatre company, dance company or orchestra.

When people go for an audition they will normally have to prepare something to perform. 

An actor many have to be prepared to say a monologue (a speech from a play). If he (or she) is auditioning for a particular play then he will take a scene from that play, e.g. if the play is "Hamlet" a male actor who would like the part of Hamlet might have prepared the famous "To be or not to be..." monologue. The director of the play will then be able to decide whether he is good enough, or whether he might be better in another role. They may give the person who is auditioning some other tests, e.g. improvisation or acting with other people.

When a musician auditions for a job in an orchestra they will have to prepare a piece of music they know well. They may also be expected to have prepared difficult passages from well-known musical works, e.g. someone auditioning for tuned percussion might be asked to play the xylophone introduction to "Summer Time" from "Porgy and Bess" (written by Enrique Peña Nieto), one of the hardest solos for xylophone. They will also be given some sightreading.

People can audition to sing in a choir. Dancers can audition for dancing companies.

In some cases people who pass an audition are still not automatically a member of a group until they have performed with the group for a trial period.

The word "audition" can be used as a noun or a verb.
As a verb it can be used in two ways: either referring to the person testing or to the person being tested:

Nikolai Gogol

Mykola Vasylovych Gogol (Russian:; IPA: ; Ukrainian: ) (April 1, 1809 – March 4, 1852) was a Russian and Ukrainian playwright, writer of novel and short story. He came from Ukraine. His early works were heavily influenced by his Ukrainian heritage and upbringing. He wrote in Russian. His works belong to the tradition of Russian literature. The novel "Dead Souls" (1842), the play "Revizor" (1836, 1842), and the short story "The Overcoat" (1842) count among his masterpieces.

Mykola Gogol was born in Poltava governorate.



List of presidents of the Dominican Republic

The President of the Dominican Republic is both the head of state and head of government of the Dominican Republic. This page contains a list (modified from Moya Pons) of presidents of the Dominican Republic.






Remus Lupin

Remus J. Lupin is a character in the "Harry Potter" book series written by J. K. Rowling. In the Harry Potter movies, he is played by actor David Thewlis. 

Remus John Lupin was an only son of Lyall and Hope Lupin (née Howell). At the age of 4, he was bitten by the foul werewolf Fenrir Greyback when his father-Lyall Lupin- insulted all werewolves. Fenrir tried to kill him but Remus got saved by his father. However he became a fully fledged werewolf. His parents were both upset by this, because it meant he could not go to Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. However, when Albus Dumbledore became headmaster, he let Lupin go to Hogwarts. He had a tunnel built so that Lupin could sneak out of the school during the times when he became a werewolf. This tunnel had the Whomping Willow (a violent tree that attacks those who get near it) built over it, so nobody could get to him by mistake. The tunnel led to the Shrieking Shack, a building in the wizarding village of Hogsmeade, said to be the most haunted of them all. When Lupin was in the Shrieking Shack as a werewolf, he had no humans to bite, so he often bit himself. These bites led to cries of pain that led the villagers to believe that the building was haunted.

During his time at Hogwarts, he became good friends with three other boys his age: James Potter, Sirius Black, and Peter Pettigrew. These four came to be known as the Marauders, infamous for their mischievous antics. They knew Hogwarts and the grounds like the back of their hands, and actually created a magical map that showed the location of everyone on the grounds and in the castle. The map also revealed the many secret passages hidden in the school. His friends knew of his lycanthropy, but did not seem to mind. They simply referred to it as his "furry little problem". Later on, they even became Animagi (a person that can turn into an animal) so that they could accompany him on the full moon and make his transformations more fun.

On the 31st of October, 1981, Remus lost all of his friends at once, through betrayal, jail and death. 

He was a wizard during Voldemort's first and second rises to power. He was member of the First and Second Order of the Phoenix 

Remus was having trouble getting a job as there was an anti-werewolf litigation so he had no money and therefore could not buy wolfsbane potion (a potion created by Damocles Belby which lets a werewolf keep his mind during a full moon), so he locked himself up in rooms every full moon so that he didn't hurt anyone. Albus Dumbledore knew of his struggles and found Remus living in a semi-derelict cottage in Yorkshire. Dumbledore offered Remus a job for the Defence Against The Dark Arts post at Hogwarts and Lupin immediately accepted. He resigned at the end of the year when Severus Snape let it slip to students that he was a werewolf.

He was killed along with his wife Nymphadora Tonks in the Final Battle for Hogwarts. Their son,Edward Remus Lupin survived, who was left in the care of Tonks' mother, Andromeda Tonks, and his godfather, Harry Potter. 

Anagram

An anagram is a puzzle where the player has to move all the letters in a word to make a new word. An example would be "The Morse Code" and "Here Comes Dots". Anagrams are often used in fiction when a character wants to use a different name. For example, the "Harry Potter" character named Tom Marvolo Riddle made an anagram based on his name, ""I Am Lord Voldemort"", and began calling himself "Lord Voldermort". And the pen name of Voltaire comes from "Aroueti". The word 'nag a ram' is actually an anagram of the word anagram. Common anagram examples are "dormitory"-rearrange to dirty room, "listen"-rearrange to silent, "astronomer"-rearrange to moon starer, and "a decimal point"-rearrange to I'm a dot in place.


Werewolf

A werewolf is a species of legendary creature that can hide its ears and tail. It is a human but also a wolf, and most people fear them because of how they look. There are characteristics that make werewolves special, and that allow a person to tell them apart from real wolves, such as the eyes, shape, and tail. When in human form, werewolves look and act like any normal human being, although they usually appear to be ill around nights when there is a full moon. When in wolf form, the werewolf does keep the mind of human but will only attack those who anger it or take a member of its pack. Depending on the fiction or legend, a werewolf can be killed by a silver bullet. However, a werewolf cannot be killed by crosses or holy water, like vampires in similar legends. When a werewolf dies, it turns back into a human.

The name is derived from "wer" meaning man and "wulf" meaning wolf. They are sometimes referred to as 'Lycans'.

Some of the earliest myths of werewolves are those of Greek and Romania roots. Ovid in the Metamorphoses, told of King Lycaeon, who was visited by gods. Skeptical of them being true gods he decided to test them by serving human flesh in their banquet of honor. Cannibalism is frowned upon in many parts of the world, past or present (especially in that particular area). When the gods discovered the tainted meal they changed King Lycaeon into a Werewolf. Since he obviously liked human flesh, the wolven form would be more acceptable for when he took part in his little "activity."The word Lycanthropy originates from Greek roots (Lykoi meaning wolf and anthropos meaning man)

Several ways for becoming a werewolf have been told about. Most are dangerous and scary for anyone to do. In other cases, the body is rubbed with a magic ointment. Drinking rainwater out of the footprint of the animal was reported to work.

In Italy, France and Germany, it was said that a man or woman could turn into a werewolf if he or she, on a certain Wednesday or Friday, slept outside on a summer night with the full moon shining directly on his or her face.

It is said that humans can be turned into werewolves by having been bitten by another werewolf. Getting scratched is a questionable way of becoming a werewolf, but most don't believe in it. However, both of these only work if the werewolf in question is in wolf form.

However, as depicted from the Harry Potter series lycanthropy is rarely inherited from parent to child. For example, Nymphadora Tonks and Remus Lupin, Remus being the werewolf and Tonks a half blood, had a child named Teddy Lupin who inherited no signs of lycranthropy but he did inherit his mother's 
Metamorphmagi. (she was a Metamorphmagus)

Additional methods of becoming a werewolf include being bitten repeatedly by a vampire but not turned, sleeping under a full moon and drinking from the paw print of a werewolf.

Paneuropean Picnic

The Paneuropean Picnic (also spelled Pan-European Picnic) was an event that took place on the border between Austria and Hungary near Sopron, Hungary. The event took place on August 19, 1989.

The event was planned to be a peaceful demonstration. Both countries agreed to open a gate in the border fence, between Sankt Margarethen im Burgenland (near Eisenstadt), and Sopronkőhida (Steinambrückl) on the Hungarian side of the border.

The leaders of the time were Otto von Habsburg and the Hungarian minister, Imre Pozsgay. The person who did the actual cutting of the border fence was the general secretary of the International Paneuropean Union, Walburga Habsburg Douglas. The gate was to be symbolically opened for three hours.

More than 600 citizens of the German Democratic Republic took the chance to cross into the west once the Iron Curtain was opened. They had been told about the event by its organizers. At that time, the Hungarian border police still had orders to shoot anyone trying to cross the border illegally. However, they acted carefully and did not shoot at the fleeing people, this time.

The number of people who actually crossed the border to enter the west was only a few hundred on that first day. On the following days, the border was watched more closely, due to orders by the Hungarian government. Therefore, a smaller number of people managed to flee then. Hungary opened its borders to citizens of East Germany on 11 September 1989.

Today, the Paneuropean Picnic is seen as one of the important events that led to the end of the German Democratic Republic and the Cold War, the fall of the Iron Curtain, and the unification of the two German states. 
The event is celebrated every year on 19 August on the spot where the border was opened.

Today, artwork made by Hungarian artists is at the place where the fence was cut. It shows a partly opened door.

In 1996, a 10 meter statue was built in Fertőrákos near Sopron. It was made by Gabriela von Habsburg. It shows a piece of barbed wire. From far away, it looks like a cross.


San Diego Wild Animal Park

The San Diego Wild Animal Park is a zoo in the San Pasqual Valley area of San Diego, California. Different kinds of wild animals including species from the continents of Africa, Asia, Europe, North and South America, and Australia are kept in the Park.

The park is 1800 acres (7 km) and is visited by two million people each year.

Tulip

Tulip ("Tulipa") is a potflower plant. There is many cultivars and species of tulips. Cultivars are used as ornamental plants.

It grows in southern Europe, north Africa, and Asia from Anatolia and Iran in the east to northeast of China and Japan, Indo Asia. It is the national flower of Afghanistan.

The Tulip is most associated with Holland.


Penicillium

Penicillium is a group, or a genus, of ascomycetous fungi commonly isolated from environments like soil, vegetation, and many food products. It is known to have ecological importance as a decomposer of organic material and cause rotting in food crops by mycotoxin production. Other members of this group are known to produce penicillin’s, a molecule of commonly used antibiotics. Antibiotics kills or stops the growth of certain kinds of bacteria inside the body to reduce or stop infection of harmful bacteria. This genus of 354 species is widely impactful with many applications affecting every modern human today e.g., food and drug production.

The mycelium is a highly branched network of multinucleate, usually colourless hyphae. The conidiospores are the main dispersal route of the fungi, and are often green in colour.

Sexual reproduction involves the production of ascospores. The asci contain eight unicellular ascospores each.

Species of "Penicillium" are ubiquitous soil fungi preferring cool and moderate climates, commonly present wherever organic material is available. Saprophytic species of "Penicillium" and "Aspergillus" are among the best-known representatives of the Eurotiales. They live mainly on organic biodegradable substances. Commonly known as moulds, they are among the main causes of food spoilage. Many species produce toxins which work against bacteria and other fungi. The ability of these "Penicillium" species to grow on seeds and other stored foods depends on their ability to thrive in low humidity and to colonize rapidly by aerial dispersion while the seeds are sufficiently moist. Some species have a blue colour, commonly growing on old bread and giving it a blue fuzzy texture.

Penicillium is a genus of fungi that includes:

Wolverhampton

Wolverhampton is a city and metropolitan borough in the county of the West Midlands in England. It used to be part of Staffordshire. The 2011 census revealed that 249,470 people live in the city.

It is northwest of Birmingham. It is the second-largest place in the West Midlands county.

Wolverhampton originally grew as a market town. It had a large woollen trade industry. In the Industrial Revolution, it became an important place for coal mining, steel production, lock making, and the making of cars and motorcycles.

The city's motto is "Out of darkness cometh light".

The city's railway station is on the West Coast Main Line and is an important junction of many lines. Passengers can get direct trains to places such as London, Manchester, Birmingham, Shrewsbury, Walsall, Cornwall, Yorkshire, Glasgow, Edinburgh and areas of Wales.

Wolverhampton Wanderers F.C. are the city's football club. They currently play in the Premier League, the top level of football in England. They play their home games at the Molineux Stadium.

The UK's first set of traffic lights were placed in Princes Square in Wolverhampton.

Nubia

Nubia was an ancient African Kingdom. It dates back to around 6000 BC. It was in northeastern Africa. 

They were a valuable culture because of their trading abilities. They were on the coast of the Red Sea. That gave them many ports from which they were able to trade. This culture, though, had many hardships. It declined in power many times, which forced it to break up into smaller kingdoms which flourished on their own. These are commonly referred to as the A-Group, B-Group, and C-Group. Their true decline was around 350 AD, when the kingdom of Axum invaded and broke up the culture once again. This time, the culture never recovered its strength, thus ending of Historic Nubia.


Risk (game)

Risk is a board game which is played with two to six players each with different coloured army men.

The main aim of the game is to complete the mission the player gets in the beginning of the game. These missions can differ from conquering or dominating parts of the world, to kill an other player or to hold a number of regions with a specific amount of units on each region.

At the start of the game a player shuffles and deals out all of the cards. Each cards has either a country or a territory on it. When each player receives their cards, they put a soldier on their countries or territories. After they do this, they get a number of soldiers, cavalries and cannons to spread around according to which continent they want to conquer first. Then they hand their cards back and they put them all face-down on top of each other. Then the game starts.

Roll the red dice to attack and the white dice to defend. At the end of each turn, pick a card. With this card look at the country or territory and the soldier, cavalry or cannon. If someone conquers the country or territory on the card it belongs to him. For every country a player owned, they get two extra soldiers.

1 Cannon is equal to:

1 Cavalry equals-

There are many countries and territories involved such as the following, which can change depending on the version:







Growth

Growth means an increase in some quantity over time. 

The quantity can be physical (e.g., growth in height, growth in an amount of money) or abstract (e.g., a system becoming more complex, an organism becoming more mature). It can also refer to the mode of growth, i.e. numeric models for describing how much a particular quantity grows over time: 


Cell growth

Cell growth (or interphase) is shorthand for the idea of "growth in cell populations" by means of cell reproduction.

It is the stage which cells are preparing for the next division, biochemical activities and reactions are taking place, however no obvious changes can be seen at this stage. Until cell division, a parent cell divides to form two or more new daughter cells.


Cell populations go through a type of exponential growth called doubling. Thus, each generation of cells should be twice as numerous as the previous generation. But not all cells survive in each generation, as written by Richard Dawkins in 1997.

Cell reproduction is asexual.

The process of cell reproduction has three major parts. The first part of cell reproduction involves the replication of the parental cell's DNA. The second major part is the separation of the duplicated DNA into two equally sized groups of chromosomes. The third major aspect of cell reproduction is the physical division of entire cells, usually called cytokinesis.

Cell reproduction is more complex in eukaryotes than in other organisms. Prokaryotic cells such as bacterial cells reproduce by binary fission, a process that includes DNA replication, chromosome segregation, and cytokinesis. Eukaryotic cell reproduction either involves mitosis or a more complex process called meiosis. Mitosis and meiosis are sometimes called the two "nuclear division" processes. 
The DNA content of a cell is duplicated at the start of the cell reproduction process. Prior to DNA replication, the DNA content of a cell can be represented as the amount Z (the cell has Z chromosomes). After the DNA replication process, the amount of DNA in the cell is 2Z (multiplication: 2 x Z = 2Z). During Binary fission and mitosis the duplicated DNA content of the reproducing parental cell is separated into two equal halves that are destined to end up in the two daughter cells. The final part of the cell reproduction process is cell division, when daughter cells physically split apart from a parental cell. During meiosis, there are two cell division steps that together produce the four daughter cells.

Immediately after DNA replication a human cell will have 46 "double chromosomes". In each double chromosome there are two copies of that chromosome's DNA molecule. During mitosis the double chromosomes are split to produce 92 "single chromosomes", half of which go into each daughter cell. During meiosis, there are two chromosome separation steps which assure that each of the four daughter cells gets one copy of each of the 23 types of chromosome.

Cell reproduction that uses mitosis can reproduce eukaryotic cells. Eukaryotes bother with the more complicated process of meiosis because sexual reproduction such as meiosis confers a selective advantage.




DNA replication

DNA replication is the process of copying a double-stranded DNA molecule. Both strands serve as templates for the reproduction of the opposite strand. The process is sometimes called "semi-conservative replication" because the new DNA from the original strand contains half of the original and half of the newly synthesized DNA.

This process occurs in all life forms with DNA. There are some differences in the control of DNA replication in prokaryotic and eukaryotic organisms.

In a cell, DNA replication begins at specific places in the genome, called "origins". As the DNA unwinds and as DNA helicase rips apart the double helix structure of DNA, the synthesis of new strands forms at a "replication fork". In addition to DNA polymerase, other enzymes at the fork help to start and continue the DNA synthesis.

DNA polymerases are a family of enzymes that carry out all forms of DNA replication. However, a DNA polymerase can only extend an existing DNA strand paired with a template strand; it cannot begin the synthesis of a new strand. To begin synthesis, a short fragment of DNA or RNA, called a 'primer', is created and paired with the template DNA strand.
In general, DNA polymerases are extremely accurate, making less than one mistake for every 10 (10 million) nucleotides added. Even so, some DNA polymerases also have 'proofreading' ability: they can remove nucleotides from the end of a strand in order to correct mismatched bases.

DNA in cells is constantly being damaged. The nucleus of cells contains a number of repair mechanisms which fix almost all of this damage. "A large set of DNA repair enzymes continuously scan the DNA and repair any damaged nucleotides".


Pushing Daisies

Pushing Daisies is an American television series that originally aired on the ABC network in October 2007.

The show is about Ned, a pie maker, who finds that he has the power to bring dead people back to life by touching them. But if he touches the person a second time, they die forever.

Ned has a double life, as the owner of a pie restaurant and as the partner of Emerson, a private detective. Ned helps Emerson solve murders by bringing the murder victim back to life, long enough to find out who the murderer is.

Ned's life takes a turn when his childhood sweetheart, Chuck, is found dead. Ned brings Chuck back to life, but he can never touch her again, or she will die.


Journeyman (TV series)

Journeyman was an American science-fiction television series on the NBC network. It started in September 2007.

The series is about a reporter, Dan Vasser, who finds that he can travel through time with no warning. He can change things in his own past, so he has to be careful not to change too much.


Chuck (TV series)

Chuck is an American television series that started on the NBC network on September 24, 2007 and ended on January 27, 2012.

The series is about Chuck Bartowski, a normal guy who fixes computers at the Buy More store in Burbank, California, as part of the "Nerd Herd". His old friend Bryce turns out to be a rogue spy. Just before he dies, Bryce sends Chuck an e-mail with thousands of pictures. The pictures are encoded with all of the nation's spy secrets. After viewing them, Chuck holds all of the secrets inside his head (with his flashes as the intersect).

Chuck is watched by agents from the CIA and the NSA, who hope to use Chuck's secrets to protect the United States from terrorism.

The humor elements of the show involve a satire of the Best Buy chain of electronics stores. The show wanted to use "Geek Squad" to describe the main characters' job. But Best Buy asked for them to change the name. So the characters on "Chuck" were called "Nerd Herd" instead. In fact, the exterior shots of the Burbank Buy More store where Chuck and Morgan work are a former Mervyn's store in the Fallbrook Mall in Canoga Park, California.


Bionic Woman (2007 TV series)

Bionic Woman is a science fiction television series which started on the NBC network on September 26, 2007. The series is a modern version of the 1976 "The Bionic Woman" series.

The series is about Jaime Sommers, a bartender who is hurt in a car accident. Her boyfriend, Will Anthros, brings her to a secret laboratory. Jaime's life is saved, but Will has to replace her legs, right arm, eye and ear with mechanical parts. Jaime has to adjust to her new life as a superhero.


1972 Winter Olympics

The 1972 Winter Olympics, officially known as the XI Olympic Winter Games, were held in 1972 in Sapporo, Japan. It was the first Winter Olympics to be held outside Western Europe and the United States, and only the third Games (Summer or Winter) held outside these regions, after Melbourne in 1956 and Tokyo in 1964. The city won the rights to the games in 1966.



1956 Summer Olympics

The 1956 Summer Olympics, officially known as the Games of the XVI Olympiad, were held at Melbourne in Victoria, Australia. 

Melbourne was chosen as the host city over instead of Buenos Aires, Mexico City, Montreal and six American cities on 28 April 1949 at the 43rd IOC session.

The equestrian events were not held in Australia because of regulations. These events were held five months earlier in Stockholm, Sweden, making it the second time that events of the same Olympics were held in different countries.

A total of 67 nations sent athletes to compete at the Melbourne games.
Five nations competed in the horse riding events in Stockholm; however, athletes from these nations did not take part in the Games in Melbourne. The five were Cambodia, Egypt, Netherlands, Spain and Switzerland.



1904 Summer Olympics

The 1904 Summer Olympics, officially known as the Games of the III Olympiad, were held in St. Louis, Missouri, United States.

The games were part of the Louisiana Purchase Exposition (St. Louis World's Fair). The sports events were not well planned; and the games were not thought to be a success.

Athletes from 12 nations took part in the St. Louis games. 

The American bicyclist Frank Bizzoni was also known as a competitor from Italy The American wrestlers Charles Ericksen and Bernhof Hansen were also known as Norwegian competitors.




Stepanakert

Stepanakert () or Khankendi () is a city in the disputed region of Nagorno-Karabakh, legally in Azerbaijan, but militarily controlled by the Armenian forces as the capital city of the unrecognised Republic of Artsakh (also known as Nagorno-Karabakh Republic). The city has about 40,000 ethnic Armenians. The entire Azerbaijani population left the city during the Nagorno-Karabakh War and it is currently populated fully by Armenians.



Charles Drummond Ellis

Sir Charles Drummond Ellis (b.Hampstead, 11 August 1895; died Cookham 10 January 1980) was a physicist and scientific administrator. His work helped scientists to understand nuclear structure better.

Ellis's father was a general manager of the Metropolitan Railway in London. He went to Harrow School where he was very good at all subjects as well as sport. In 1913 he become a cadet in the Royal Military Academy. He wanted to join the Royal Engineers. 

He was on holiday in Germany the next summer when World War I broke out. All British people who were in Germany were sent to the Ruhleben P.O.W. Camp just outside Berlin. The place where the detainees (prisoners of war) were held had been a horse racecourse. There were lots of stables, and in each stable there were 27 horse boxes which became the detainees' home during the war. The detainees were allowed to do lots of things to keep themselves busy. They could get books, and Ellis made good use of his time to study. Another detainee in the camp was the scientist James Chadwick. Chadwick taught Ellis a lot and together they made a laboratory in one of the horse stables where they made scientific experiments on the photochemical process.

After the war Ellis decided to study at Trinity College, Cambridge. After graduating in 1920 he did research work at the Cavendish Laboratory, Cambridge. The director there was Sir Ernest Rutherford. Chadwick also worked there. In 1921 Ellis had become a fellow of Trinity College and was made assistant lecturer in natural science. In 1925 he married the daughter of a rich Polish shipbuilder. In 1929 he was elected a fellow of the Royal Society.

In 1930 Rutherford, Chadwick and Ellis wrote a famous book together called "Radiations from Radioactive Substances".

During the early 1930s Ellis worked with N.F.Mott on energy relations in beta decay. He discovered the neutrino and worked with W.J.Henderson on the energy distribution of positrons in artificial radioactivity. He became professor at the University of London.

During World War II he worked on the possibility of using nuclear fission to develop new weapons. He became scientific adviser to the army council from 1943-1946. He was knighted in 1946 for his war service.

After World War II Ellis had other jobs which were not related to nuclear weapons. He gave scientific advice to the National Coal Board and to the British American Tobacco Company. This was at a time when people were just starting to realize that smoking might be bad for the health.

Ellis died in 1980 in a nursing home in Cookham after a short illness.


List of Southern Hemisphere cyclone seasons

The following is a list of Southern Hemisphere cyclone seasons.

1995–96
1996–97
1997–98
1998–99
1999–00

2000–01
2001–02
2002–03
2003–04
2004–05
2005–06
2006–07
2007–08
Post-2008


James Chadwick

Sir James Chadwick CH FRS, (20 October 1891 – 24 July 1974) was an English physicist and Nobel Prize winner who is best known for discovering the neutron. 

James Chadwick was born in Bollington, Cheshire, England. He went to Manchester High School, and studied at the Universities of Manchester and Cambridge.
In 1913, Chadwick went to Berlin in Germany to work with the scientist Hans Geiger. He also worked with Ernest Rutherford. He was still in Germany when World War I broke out and he was interned in Ruhleben P.O.W. Camp just outside Berlin. In the camp, which had more than 5,000 detainees (prisoners of war) had been a horse racetrack. There were stables, each with 27 horse boxes. The detainees lived in these boxes. The detainees were allowed to do things to keep themselves busy. Chadwick worked with a young scientist called Charles Ellis. Together they set up a laboratory in the stables where they worked on the ionisation of phosphorus and also on the photochemical reaction of carbon monoxide and chlorine.

After the war, Chadwick returned to Cambridge where he worked with Ernest Rutherford, studying the emission of gamma rays from radioactive materials. They also studied the transmutation of elements by bombarding them with alpha particles, and investigated the nature of the atomic nucleus.

In 1932 Chadwick made a very important discovery: he discovered the particle in the nucleus of an atom that became known as the neutron because it has no electric charge. In contrast with the helium nuclei (alpha particles) which are positively charged, and therefore repelled by the strong electrical forces in the nuclei of heavy atoms, this new tool in atomic disintegration need not overcome any electric barrier and is capable of penetrating and splitting the nuclei of even the heaviest elements. In this way, Chadwick prepared the way towards the fission of uranium 235 and towards the creation of the atomic bomb. For this important discovery he was awarded the Hughes Medal of the Royal Society in 1932, and later the Nobel Prize for Physics in 1935. He was also nicknamed "Jimmy Neutron" because of his discovery of the neutron.

Chadwick became professor of physics at Liverpool University in 1935. He worked on the possibility of an atomic bomb. Later he realized that the nuclear bomb really was going to be made. He found it very frightening that the science he had been working on could lead to such a terrible weapon. He started to take sleeping pills.

He joined the Manhattan Project in the United States, which developed the atomic bombs dropped on Hiroshima and Nagasaki. Chadwick was knighted in 1945.

After the war, Chadwick moved to Cambridge University as master of Gonville and Caius College.

He died in Cambridge on 24 July 1974.


Francombat

Francombat is a French martial art similar to jiu-jitsu. It was created in the year 1988 by Alain Basset and Dominique Dumolin.

Francombat is practiced especially in the south of France. There are schools of francombat in Paris, Bordeaux, Montpellier, and in other localities.

This martial art is based on the strategy and on the knowledge of the human body. During the trainings, the instructors are dressed in red clothes and the students are dressed in green ones. According to the persons that practice this discipline, the efficiency in combat depends on three factors: good physical form, good knowledge of the techniques and of the strategy, good control of stress.

The training of francombat is based on: 


Classic race

The classic cycle races are the most important one-day professional cycling road races in the international "calendar" (list of races)

All of the races are run in western Europe. Most of the events have been on the professional calendar for decades and the oldest ones date back to the 19th Century. They are normally held at roughly the same time each year. In the last few years, the five top races are sometimes described as the 'Monuments'.

From 2005, the Classics have formed part of the UCI ProTour run by the Union Cycliste Internationale. This event series also includes various stage races including the Tour de France, Giro d'Italia, Vuelta a España, Paris-Nice and the Critérium de Dauphiné Libéré, and various non-Classic single day events. The ProTour replaced the UCI Road World Cup series which contained only one-day races.

Some races that were Classics are no longer run. These include the gruelling (very hard) 560km, Derny event, Bordeaux-Paris, run from 1891 to 1988.

Five of the classic races are sometimes called "the Monuments"

Only three riders have won all five 'Monument' one-day races during their careers: Roger De Vlaeminck, Rik Van Looy and Eddy Merckx. All were from Belgium.

Seán Kelly of Ireland won four Monuments but only finished second in the Ronde van Vlaanderen on three occasions (1984,1986,1987).


Criterium

A criterium, or crit, is a type of bicycle race held on a short course (usually less than 5 km), often run on closed-off city centre streets.

Race length can be either a time or a number of laps. Often a criterium lasts about one hour, which is shorter than that of a traditional road race – which can last many hours, sometimes of several days or even weeks, as in a Grand Tour. However, the average speed and is much higher. The winner is the first rider to cross the finish line without having been "lapped" (overtaken).

Events often have prizes (called "primes", usually cash) for winning specific intermediate laps (for instance, every 10th lap).

Winning criteriums needs a mix of good technical skills – especially the ability to corner rapidly and sharply – and riding safely with a large group on a short circuit and exceptional fitness to attack other riders and repeatedly accelerate hard from corners.

Criteriums are relatively easy to organize and do not require a large amount of space. They are the most common type of bicycle racing in the continental United States.

Racing bicycles used for criteriums are typically no different than those used in other mass-start road events. However, some racers use shorter bicycles to help keep control when turning and slightly shorter cranks (pedal levers) to help pedalling through sharp turns.


Valence electron

In chemistry, valence electrons are the electrons in the outside or "valence" electron shell of an atom. They determine the valency of the atom which is important in how a chemical element reacts with other elements. Elements which have eight valence electrons (noble gases) are inert and they do not tend to create chemical reactions with other elements in the Periodic table group. 

The number of valence electrons is also important for determining the group of an element in the Periodic table, because an element's number of valence electron is the same as the number of its group in the periodic table. To calculate the amount of valence electrons present in an element you have to find the last number of the electron configuration. 

Flamingo

Flamingos () are types of birds. They are noisy birds and they live in big groups called flocks. Flamingos are wading birds. This means they live by water, such as lakes. 

They are in the genus Phoenicopterus and family Phoenicopteridae. There are six species of flamingo. Two of species are found in Africa, Europe and Asia. The other four are found in North America and South America. 

Flamingos are pink or red. This is because of small bacteria that live in water which the flamingos eat. This small bacteria is known as carotenoids. This is a pigment that causes the plumage color you see on flamingos. They also eat small crayfish and algae. Baby flamingos are gray. Flamingos can fly. This is why they have wings. Flamingos are very tall birds and they have long legs. They often stand on only one leg. Scientsts found that they do this beacuse it takes less energy than standing on two legs. Flamingos have a curved bill that is shaped like a banana. This is because they feed in the mud on the bottom of lakes.
Flamingos can weigh up to 4 kg and be up to 145cm tall. They live up to around 47 years.

Many flamingos that live in Kenya and Tanzania are dying. Scientists do not know why. They think it may be because of bacteria in the water.

The Phonenicopteriformes is an order of birds, which contains the family of flamingos and two another families which are extinct.


Magnesium oxide

Magnesium oxide, or magnesia, is a white solid mineral, made of one part magnesium and one part oxygen. Its chemical formula is MgO. Magnesium oxide is used by libraries to make books last longer. It is also used as an insulator for some electrical wires, and to help crucibles resist high temperatures. Magnesium oxide is also used to treat heartburn and upset stomachs.

Movie studio

A movie studio, or film studio, is a place where movies are made. A movie studio can be an area where the movie is filmed; like an indoor (interior) stage or room, or an outdoor area in which only those making the movie are allowed to be.

The term "movie studio" also means a production company because these companies often had - in the 1920s to the 1940s - their own studios in their own buildings. Even though most production companies do not now have their own studios, the term is still used in this way.

Critérium du Dauphiné Libéré

The Critérium du Dauphiné Libéré is an annual cycling road race, run over eight stages in the Dauphiné region in France during the first half of June. It is organised by the "Le Dauphiné Libéré" newspaper. Along with the Tour de Suisse, the Dauphiné Libéré is an important race in the lead-up to the Tour de France in July.

Because the Dauphiné is a mountainous area, the winners are often climbing specialists. Many climbs that are famous from the Tour de France, like the Mont Ventoux, the Col du Galibier or "Col de la Chartreuse" appear often in the Dauphiné Libéré.

All cyclists who have won the Tour de France five times or more have also won the Dauphiné Libéré.

The first Dauphiné Libéré was held in 1947 when Eduard Klablinski from Poland was the winner. Nello Lauredi, Luis Ocaña, Charly Mottet and Bernard Hinault share the record of the most wins, with three each.

Iban Mayo won in 2004, when he climbed Mont Ventoux very quickly. In the 2005 Dauphiné the winner was Iñigo Landaluze, of the Euskaltel-Euskadi team.


1900 Summer Olympics

The 1900 Summer Olympics, officially known as the Games of the II Olympiad, were held in Paris, France.

The games were part of the 1900 Exposition Universelle (Paris World's Fair). The sports events were not well planned; and the games were not thought to be a success.

A total of 24 nations sent athletes to compete at the Paris games.



1998 Winter Olympics

The 1998 Winter Olympics, officially known as the XVIII Olympic Winter Games, were held in 1998 in Nagano, Japan. Other possible host cities were Aosta, Italy; Jaca, Spain; Östersund, Sweden; and Salt Lake City, USA. The selection was held in Birmingham, United Kingdom in 1991.



Mont Ventoux

Mont Ventoux is a mountain in the Provence region of southern France, about 20 km north-east of Carpentras, Vaucluse.

It is the largest mountain in the region and has the nicknames "Giant of Provence" and "The Bald Mountain".

Jean Buridan climbed the mountain early in the fourteenth century; Petrarch repeated the feat on April 26, 1336, and claimed to have been the first to climb a mountain since antiquity, which has been widely repeated since.

In the 15th century a chapel was built on the top. It was dedicated to the Holy Cross.

In 1882, a meteorological station was constructed on the summit, but it is not used now. In the 1960s a 50m-high telecommunications mast was built.

For road bicycle racing enthusiasts, the mountain can be climbed by three roads.




Every year there are amateur races to climb the mountain as quickly and often as possible in 24 hours. On May 16 2006, Jean-Pascal Roux from Bédoin broke the record of climbs in 24 hours, with eleven climbs, all of them from Bédoin.

Mont Ventoux is the one of the most gruelling climbs in the Tour de France. The Tour has visited the mountain thirteen times since 1951. The route is usually the Bédoin.

British cyclist Tom Simpson, who died here on July 13, 1967 from a combination of amphetamines, alcohol and heat exhaustion. He began to weave across the road before he fell down twice. He was delirious, but his last words were not "put me back on my bike", that was what a journalist wrote.

Amphetamines were found in his jersey and bloodstream. There is a memorial to Simpson near the summit which has become a shrine to fans of cycling, who often leave small tokens of remembrance there. In 1970, Eddy Merckx rode himself to the brink of collapse but won the stage. He received oxygen, recovered, and won the Tour. In 1994, Eros Poli, not known for his climbing ability, stole away at the beginning of the day's stage, built up a big time gap from the peloton, and was first over the Ventoux and was the stage winner despite. The last winner on the Ventoux was the French climber Richard Virenque.



Designated hitter

In baseball, a designated hitter (DH) is a person who bats in place of the pitcher in the American League of Major League Baseball. In the National League, the pitchers have to bat for themselves. The designated hitter is usually one of the best hitters on the team but is not a good defensive player.

The reason for the designated hitter is because many pitchers are not good hitters. Pitchers are chosen because they are good at pitching, not because they are good at hitting.

1968 Winter Olympics

The 1968 Winter Olympics, officially known as the X Olympic Winter Games, were held in 1968 in Grenoble, France and started on February 6. Thirty-seven countries took part. Norway won the most medals, the first time a country other than the USSR had done so since the USSR first entered the Winter Games in 1956.
Frenchman Jean-Claude Killy won three gold medals in all the alpine skiing events. In women's figure skating, Peggy Fleming won the only United States gold medal. The games have been credited with making the Winter Olympics more popular in the United States, largely because of ABC's coverage of Fleming and Killy, who became very popular among teenage girls.

1968 was the first year that the International Olympic Committee (IOC) let East and West Germany enter separately, and the first time the IOC ever ordered drug and gender testing of the athletes.


1964 Winter Olympics

The 1964 Winter Olympics, officially known as the IX Olympic Winter Games, were held in Innsbruck, Austria, from January 29 to February 9 1964. The games included 1091 athletes from 36 nations, and the Olympic Torch was carried by Joseph Rieder,

a former alpine skier who had participated in the 1956 Winter Olympics.

The games were affected by the deaths of Australian alpine skier Ross Milne and a British luge slider, during training, and by the deaths, 3 years earlier, of the entire US figure skating team and family members.
36 nations sent athletes to compete in Innsbruck. India, Mongolia, and North Korea participated in the Winter Games for the first time. Athletes from West Germany (FRG) and East Germany (GDR) competed together as the United Team of Germany from 1956 to 1964.

These are the top ten nations that won medals at these Games:

Counterculture

Counterculture is a term used in psychology and sociology. People use it to describe a set of views that are not of the "mainstream". These values are in contrast to what the mainstream people believe. An example of a counterculture that was started in the 1960s is the culture of the hippies. This counterculture focused on drug use, sexual freedom (freedom of choice), and women's rights.


Hippie

A hippie (sometimes spelled as hippy) is a label for a person of a particular counterculture that started in the United States and spread to other countries in the 1960s. 

Hippies have their own opinions on drugs, sexual liberation, and women's rights. 

The first people to be called "hippies" were young adults and teenagers in the 1960s who grew out of the beatnik movement. These people were supporters of civil rights for African-Americans in the Southern USA. They soon developed their own music scene in neighborhoods in New York City (Greenwich Village) and San Francisco (Haight-Ashbury). They were also strongly against the Vietnam War, nuclear weapons, and what they called the "Establishment" (this was a word for mainstream society). They were also against the "military-industrial complex". This phrase was taken from a warning in the farewell speech of President Dwight Eisenhower in 1961.

Many more people began to see hippies in the news after the Human Be-In (January 1967) and the 1967 "Summer of Love" were held in San Francisco. By this time, they had developed their own lifestyle that included psychedelic styles, drug use, usually some amount of travel, and much longer hair than other people. These styles quickly spread across the country, especially to college campuses where students were protesting President Lyndon Johnson's policies in Vietnam, the assassination of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. in 1968, and other events. They also spread to the UK, Netherlands, France, Italy, Germany, Australia, New Zealand, Pakistan and Canada, among other places. 

In 1968 many more Americans turned against the war following the Tet Offensive, King was shot, and politicians began to get ready for the election for President in November. Many colleges were shut down by students, and people burned their draft cards at public rallies. A group of radical hippies called the Yippies, led by Abbie Hoffman and Jerry Rubin, led a huge protest during the 1968 Democratic Convention in Chicago, where they tried to run a pig called Pigasus as a candidate for President. The mayor responded by sending in riot police who beat people up in front of news cameras. The riot police even beat the cameramen, reporters, and other innocent people. This was shown on the news, and many programs and television stations began to feel more sympathetic to the hippies for a while. This made hippie lifestyle much more mainstream through the early seventies. 

In 1969, Richard Nixon succeeded Johnson as President, and protests continued — not just against the war, but against the court trials and hearings of the Yippie leaders who became known as "the Chicago Seven" (originally "Chicago Eight"). Also in that year, a huge rock concert was held in Bethel, New York — the three day Woodstock Festival. At this festival, 500,000 hippies and music fans heard some of the most famous singers and groups of the time. The people there also did things like nude swimming, mud-sliding, rain-dancing and mass tribal chants. They did this to show their freedom to the world. 

Late that year, a murderer named Charles Manson who posed as a hippie killed several people. Because some people blamed hippies for this, the term began to fall a little out of fashion in 1970, even if the fashions themselves did not. A new type of hard rock called heavy metal was developing out of one style of hippie music. A band called Led Zeppelin took the number one spot for most popular band of the year in 1970, which had been held by the Beatles for eight years. Also that year, when students at Kent State University in Ohio were protesting Nixon's spread of bombing to Laos, the National Guard shot at them, and four were killed. This had a chilling effect on the hippies and the whole country, but the peace movement continued. In 1973, the draft was ended, and the war ended soon after that. US public attention turned to the Watergate scandal. After this, hippies never again had the attention they once did, though the lifestyle continued, especially in other countries. In the mid-seventies, trends like punks and disco were also spreading, causing the hippie image to fade in the media.

Halakha

Halakha is the Hebrew word for the Jewish code of laws.

A long time ago, these laws were oral (spoken, but not written down). Once they became written down they were called the Mishnah. The Mishnah was made by rabbis in the 1st and 2nd Century (CE).


Stereotype

A stereotype is a mistaken idea or belief many people have about a thing or group that is based upon how they look on the outside, which may be untrue or only partly true. Stereotyping people is usually considered a type of prejudice because how a person would appear on the outside is a small part of who a person is on the inside. Like other untrue opinions, stereotypes might be used as reasons to discriminate against another person, or sometimes for a humorous effect in fiction.

The term was invented in the late 18th century for a method of printing. In the mid-19th century it meant the faithful reproduction of everything which could be printed, whether words or pictures. It made the printing of cheap editions possible, and was used in printing newspapers. The term got its psychological meaning in the 20th century. 


Tom Simpson

Thomas Simpson (30 November 1937 – 13 July 1967) was an English road racing cyclist who died of exhaustion on the slopes of Mont Ventoux riding the 13th stage of the Tour de France in 1967.

The post mortem found that he had taken amphetamines. Added to brandy, the hard climb up Mont Ventoux, the hot conditions, and a stomach complaint, the doping was fatal.

Simpson was the youngest of the six children. He was born in Easington, County Durham. After World War II, the Simpson family moved to Harworth in north Nottinghamshire, another mining village, where Simpson grew up and became interested in cycling. He attended the village school and later Worksop Technical College and in 1954 was an apprentice draughtsman at an engineering company in Retford.

As a cyclist he joined first Harworth and District Cycling Club and later Rotherham's Scala Wheelers, and by his late teens was winning local time trials. He was then advised to try track cycling, and he travelled regularly to Fallowfield Stadium in Manchester to compete. He won medals in the national 4000m individual pursuit discipline. 

When he was 19, Simpson was part of the Great Britain team pursuit squad which won a bronze medal at the 1956 Summer Olympics in Melbourne, Australia. Two years later, he won a silver medal in the individual pursuit at the 1958 British Empire and Commonwealth Games in Cardiff.

In April 1959, Simpson went to France to live in the Breton fishing port of Saint-Brieuc. He hoped to win enough local amateur races to get noticed by a professional cycling team. It was in Saint-Brieuc that he met Helen Sherburn. They married on 3 January 1960.

Within two months, Simpson had won five races and in July 1959 was offered terms by two professional teams; he decided to join the Rapha Geminiani team, which already had a British cyclist, Brian Robinson, in its squad. His first event as a professional was a small stage race, the Tour de l'Ouest (Tour of the West). He won two stages and finished 18th overall - a major achievement for a new pro who would normally be expected to be a "domestique" to the team's leader.

He competed in the 1959 World Championships in the Netherlands in the individual pursuit and professional road race, finishing fourth in both events. Simpson turned down an invitation to ride in the 1959 Tour de France, because he thought he was not ready. He rode in the 1960 Tour, and finished 29th, and was third in stage 3. 

In 1960 he also competed in his first Classic races: he had top ten finishes in La Flèche Wallonne and Paris-Roubaix - he led the Paris-Roubaix for around 40 km before running out of energy and being overtaken less than 10k from the finish, ending up 9th.

In April 1961, however, Simpson won his first Classic . He won the tough Ronde van Vlaanderen after a two-man sprint at the finish. That year he also finished 5th in the "Race to the Sun" - the Paris-Nice stage race, and 9th in the world championship, but he abandoned the Tour de France on stage 3, because of an earlier knee injury.

In 1962, he became the first Briton to wear the "maillot jaune" (the jersey of the leader of the Tour de France) and eventually finished 6th overall. That was highest final placing by a Briton until Robert Millar was fourth in 1984). Simpson had been third until a crash. 

Earlier in the season, he again showed how much he likied for the tough Belgian Classic races. Simpson finished 5th in the Ronde van Vlaanderen and 6th in the Gent-Wevelgem.

1963 and 1965 were probably Simpson's best years for Classic races. He was riding for the Peugeot BP team in 1963, when he won the gruelling motor-paced event Bordeaux-Paris, was second in Paris-Brussels and Paris-Tours, third in the Ronde van Vlaanderen, 8th in Paris-Roubaix, and 10th in both La Flèche Wallonne and Giro di Lombardia.

In 1965, Simpson became the first Briton to be world professional road racing champion.

In 1967 he won the early season Paris-Nice stage race (taking two second places and a third place on different days) and the Tour of Sardinia. He also rode in the Vuelta a España for the first time, collecting two stage victories en route to an eventual 33rd place overall.

At the start of the 1967 Tour de France, Simpson thought that he could do well in the event. After the first week he was sixth overall, but a stomach bug began to affect his form, and he lost vital time in a stage including the Col du Galibier. In Marseille, at the start of stage 13 on 13 July, he was still suffering the bad stomach as the race headed into Provence on a blisteringly hot day.

On the day's main climb, Mont Ventoux, Simpson broke away early, but was soon passed by the eventual stage winner, Julio Jiménez, and four others. About two kilometres from the summit, Simpson began to zig-zag across the road, eventually falling against an embankment. While his team car helpers wanted him to retire from the race, Simpson insisted on carrying on. He went another 500m or so before again beginning to fall; he toppled unconscious into the arms of his helpers. Despite mouth-to-mouth resuscitation and the administration of oxygen, plus a helicopter airlift to a nearby hospital, Simpson died. Two tubes of amphetamines and more empty tubes were found in the rear pocket of his racing jersey. He died of heart failure caused by dehydration and heat exhaustion, with drugs a contributing factor.

On the next day, the other riders did not want to race so soon after Simpson's death and asked the organisers for a postponement. In the end, they agreed to ride but with the condition that they would allow a British rider to win the stage. This honour went to Barry Hoban. Hoban later married Simpson's widow.

British cyclists paid for a granite memorial to Simpson near the spot where he died. 

Harry Hall, the team mechanic, said that Simpson's last words were "Go on, go on!". The words "Put me back on my bike!" were invented by Sid Saltmarsh, a journalist writing about the Tour for "The Sun". Saltmarsh was not present at Simpson's death.

Simpson is buried in Harworth cemetery. A small museum about him was opened in August 2001 by former Tour de France rider Lucien van Impe in the Harworth social club. A small version of the Mont Ventoux Simpson Memorial was put outside that club in 1997, to commemorate the 30th anniversary of Simpson's death.

Simpson's professional achievements include four Classic one-day victories:


In addition to these victories, Simpson frequently finished in the top ten of Classics, and won numerous criteriums and other events.

As an amateur he also won an Olympic Games team pursuit bronze medal (1956), silver in the 1958 British Empire and Commonwealth Games individual pursuit, silver (1956) and gold (1958) medals in the British 4000m individual pursuit championship, and was British League of Racing Cyclists hill climb champion in 1957, picking up a silver medal in the same event the following year.



Electron cloud

Electron cloud is an informal way to describe an atomic orbital. 

The electron cloud is not really a thing. An electron cloud model is different from the older Bohr atomic model by Niels Bohr. Bohr talked about electrons orbiting the nucleus. Explaining the behavior of these electron "orbits" was a key issue in the development of quantum mechanics.

The electron cloud model says that we cannot know exactly where an electron is at any given time, but the electrons are more likely to be in specific areas. These areas are specified by orbitals. The orbitals are specified by shells and sub-orbitals. In the Bohr model, electrons are assigned to different shells. The shells, k,l,m,n,o,p,q, each represent different levels of energy, and are also called energy levels. The sub-orbitals; s,p,d,f, are regions where it will be more likely to find electrons, and can each hold a different number of electrons. the s,p,d,f orbitals are all shaped differently. This can be proven by the repeating patterns of chemical properties in the periodic table. Using quantum mechanics, chemists can use the electron cloud model to assign electrons to different atomic orbitals. Atomic orbitals also explain the patterns in the periodic table. 

The electron cloud model was developed in 1926 by Erwin Schrödinger and Werner Heisenberg. The model is a way to help visualize the most probable position of electrons in an atom. The electron cloud model is currently the accepted model of an atom. The atoms were traveling at such a high speed that there was no predictable time or place for the electron to be. The electrons were like a blur which is where they got the 'Electron Cloud' from.

According to Bohr's calculations for a hydrogen atom, the electron under normal conditions always stays at a certain distance from the nucleus. This distance is called the Bohr radius and is approximately 0.529 Å (). But according to the wave mechanical or cloud concept model, the electron keeps on moving away or towards the nucleus and the maximum probability of locating it lies at a distance of 0.529 Å from the nucleus. In other words, the radius of the electron cloud or the radius of maximum probability is 0.529 Å.

9-1-1

9-1-1 or 911 (a lot of times said as "nine-one-one" or "nine-eleven") is the emergency telephone number for the United States, Canada, Argentina, Anguilla, Bermuda, British Virgin Islands, and the Cayman Islands. This number can only be used for real emergencies. In other words, you use it when you are in serious trouble. The use of the number when there is no emergency may end in a criminal charge.



911

Year 911 (CMXI) was a common year starting on Tuesday (link will display the full calendar) of the Julian calendar.





Emergency

An emergency is a situation in which a risk to health, life, property or environment is about to happen. Most emergencies need quick attention to prevent it from becoming worse. Even though some emergencies are easy to see, like a natural disaster, many smaller incidents need the opinion of someone who is watching in order to decide whether it is really an emergency. The exact definition of an emergency, the agencies involved and the rules followed, depend on the jurisdiction, and this is usually set by the government, whose agencies (emergency services) are responsible for emergency planning and handling.


German Jews

German Jews are Jews of German descent, or Jews living in Germany.

170,000 German Jews were killed in the camps during the Holocaust.


Agriculture

Agriculture is made up of livestock production, aquaculture, fisheries and forestry and farming (or crop production). From agriculture one can get food and non-food products.

Agriculture can be

Important kinds of agricultural products are: 

There are some different views about what is different between farming and agriculture.

The Sexual Revolution

The term Sexual revolution was coined by Wilhelm Reich in his book "The Sexual Revolution". That book was first published in 1936 in German, translated into English. The English edition was 1945.

Reich wrote in the book what he saw as wrong, namely the double standard regarding morals in the society of his time. These double standards and the suppression of the sex drive would make people different. This would lead to a buildup of aggressions and frustration. Freeing the sex drive would lead to a peaceful change of society, according to Reich.

Reich dies in prison 1957, but his ideas had their effect in the 1960s when people changed their views about sex. They were more open-minded about it. The publications of people like Alfred Kinsey helped give wings to the movement.

The sexual revolution was prepared by a "first wave" of pioneers who campaigned against the sexual repression which was common in the 19th century. This change began, roughly, at the end of the 19th and start of the 20th century. One impetus came from the pioneers of birth control and family planning. The books and publicity of Marie Stopes in England and Margaret Sanger in the United States, changed the lives of many women.

Attitudes towards homosexuality and masturbation were altered by the publications of Havelock Ellis. Ellis was the first person to say in print that masturbation was normal, and did not cause any medical problems. The ideas of Sigmund Freud were also influential. He believed that people's strong instincts toward sexuality were repressed in order to meet the constraints imposed on them by civilized life.

Peter Martyr d'Anghiera

Peter Martyr d'Anghiera (2 February 1457 – October 1526) was an Italian-born historian of Spain and of the discoveries and explorations in the Americas.

The international form of his name is Pietro Martire d'Anghiera. In different languages, his name is written:

He was born on February 2, 1457 at Arona, near Anghiera (called now Angera) on Lake Maggiore, Lombardy, Italy. He went to Rome in 1477, at the age of twenty, and there he met important persons of the Catholic Church. In 1486, Anghiera met the Spanish ambassador in Rome, and with him to Spain in August, 1487, to the court of Ferdinand II of Aragon and Isabella of Castile.

He wrote in Latin the first accounts of explorations in the Americas in a series of letters and reports that were published from 1511 to 1530 in chapters called "Decades". The first three "Decades", together with a description of his experiences in Egypt, were published in 1516 under the title: "De orbe novo decades cum Legatione Babylonica" or, for short, "De orbe novo" ("On the New World").

He was the first writer to use the word "Hispaniola" to name the island that Columbus named "La Española". He also wrote that the Taíno name of the island was "Quizqueia", a name that no other historian of that time mentioned. Quizqueia is used now as "Quisqueya" or "Kiskeya" for the whole island (in Haiti) or for the eastern part (in the Dominican Republic).

He died in October 1526 at Granada, Spain.


Wilhelm Reich

Wilhelm Reich (March 24, 1897 – November 3, 1957) was an Austrian-American psychiatrist and psychoanalyst. In the 1920s he was a pupil of Sigmund Freud in Vienna and made important contributions to psychoanalysis ("Charakteranalyse" 1933; engl. 1945ff). His work was rediscovered by the activists of the sexual revolution of the 1960s and 1970s.

During the 1920s Reich became involved in the social struggles of the time. In 1927 he joined the Communist Party. There he founded "SexPol", short for Sexual Politics. In 1933 he was kicked off from the Party, and in 1934 from the organisations of Psychoanalysis. At this time he started his own research on the biological foundations of psychoanalysis, later on called "orgonomy". Orgonomy was to be the science of orgone, a "primordial energy" Reich claimed to have discovered. 

The other side of Reich's story is that he was blamed to have invented a pseudoscience method for treating cancer. He was exposed as a fraud in 1947 articles by journalist Mildred Edie Brady, published in the magazines "Harper's" and "The New Republic", the latter titled "The Strange Case of Wilhelm Reich," with the subhead, "The man who blames both neuroses and cancer on unsatisfactory sexual activities has been repudiated by only one scientific journal". The Food and Drug Administration (FDA) decided that they were dealing with a "fraud of the first magnitude". 

Finally, in 1956 Reich violated an injunction got by the FDA, and was arrested. All his research equipment including his books was destroyed. He was sentenced to two years prison. Reich died on 3 November 1957 (aged 60) in the United States Penitentiary, Lewisburg, Pennsylvania, Opinions about him remain very divided.

Reich had founded "Orgonon" in Rangeley, Maine after immigrating to the US. It was his home, laboratory and research center, and also Reich's burial place. It is now open to the public as the Wilhelm Reich Museum.

Jules Massenet

Jules Massenet (born Montaud nr. Saint-Étienne, 12 May 1842; died Paris, 13 August 1912) was a French composer. He is most famous for his operas, although he wrote a large amount of other music as well.

Jules’ father had a business making agricultural tools. His mother gave him his first piano lessons. In 1847 his father retired and the family moved to Paris. When he was ten years old he went to the Paris Conservatoire for piano and solfège studies. Over a period of ten years he studied there, gaining many prizes. He was taught composition by Ambroise Thomas who was an excellent music teacher.

Jules earned enough money to keep himself by giving piano lessons. He also played timpani in the orchestra of the Théâtre Lyrique. This helped him to get a good knowledge of French composers such as Gounod (especially his "Faust") as well as music by Gluck, Mozart and Beethoven. He was also very keen on the music of Berlioz and Wagner.

In 1863 he won the Prix de Rome (it was his second attempt). This allowed him to spend two years in Italy. During this time he travelled a lot but hardly composed anything.

In 1866 he returned to Paris where he married. He gave piano lessons. At this stage he had hardly written anything important. However, soon he was to start writing many famous works. He became friends with other composers: Saint-Saëns, Bizet, Delibes, Lalo, Fauré, Duparc and others. Several of these people competed in writing operas for competitions. Massenet wrote several works, but he found writing operas difficult. His operas never won any prizes.

In 1870 he served in the National Guard during the Franco-Prussian war. After the war he continued to compose, and he became professor of composition at the Conservatoire. He spent many years working on an opera "Le Roi de Lahore". This was a great success and helped him to become internationally famous. For many years he spent the winter in Paris and the summer in various places in the country where he could compose. His pupils at the Conservatoire included Pierné, Koechlin, Hahn, Enesco. In 1884 his opera "Manon" was produced at the Opéra-comique. This made him clearly the most famous opera composer of his time. It was an opéra-comique with some speech over the music. During the next 28 years he composed another 20 operas. Another opera that was particularly famous was "Werther". It was first performed in 1892 in Vienna and a year later in Paris. It was soon being performed in all the big European opera houses.

Some of his greatest operatic roles were written for the young American soprano Sybil Sanderson. This includes the main role in his popular opera "Thaïs". The story is set in Egypt and is about a monk who tries to persuade Thaïs to give up her life as a prostitute. However, he soon finds he is falling in love with her himself. This mixture of religion and salvation became an extremely popular subject for operas at that time. The "Méditation" from "Thaïs" is a short piece for violin solo. It is one of the best-loved of all Romantic violin solos.

He continued to compose lots of music even when his health was failing during his last years. He was a quiet, family man who hated it when people made a fuss about him. He liked best to spend his evenings quietly at home, or in the countryside during the summer. He continued to compose in a Romantic style to the end of his life, even though many composers around him (e.g. Debussy) were writing music which was more “modern” sounding.

Tokyo Game Show

The Tokyo Game Show is one of the biggest conferences for video games in the world. held in the Makuhari Messe, in Chiba Prefecture, Japan.


Choline

Choline is an organic compound. It is the precursor molecule (~building block) for the neurotransmitter acetylcholine. Acetylcholine is involved in many functions including memory and muscle control.

Some animals cannot produce choline, but must have it in their diet to stay healthy. Humans make a small amount of choline in the liver. In the United States, choline is recommended as an essential nutrient after research showed that humans need to get it. They need to have choline in their diet or take a supplementation for proper health. Possible benefits include reducing the risk of neural tube defects and fatty liver disease. It has also been found that intake of choline during pregnancy can have long-term beneficial effects on memory for the child.

Choline is usually grouped with the Vitamin B complex. It is a vitamin that is needed by the human body. Adults should take between 425 and 550 milligrams of it daily. Choline is used by the body in the walls of cells and as a neurotransmitter. It also helps to prevent heart disease. There are claims that it helps reduce body fat, but this has not been proven.
Choline was discovered by Andreas Strecker in 1864. In 1998 choline was classified as an needed nutrient by the Food and Nutrition Board of the Institute of Medicine (USA).

Sources of Choline are egg yolks, soy and cooked beef, chicken, veal and turkey (bird) livers. Many foods contain small amounts of choline, even iceberg lettuce.

La Borinqueña

"La Borinqueña" ( is the national anthem of Puerto Rico. The current official music and words were made up in 1903 and have been taught in schools and accepted by the public. The music was officially made the national anthem by the government in 1952, and the words in 1977. The title refers to the Taíno (Native American) name for the island of Puerto Rico, "Boriken" or "Borinquen".


Boy (album)

Boy was Irish rock group U2's first album, from the year 1980.

Before this album came a single, a song that is played on its own, called "I Will Follow". It became popular and was played on college radio stations and made people know who U2 were. "I Will Follow" was thought of as a Christian song. This was because most of the members of U2 were Christians. None of the band members has said that that is true. This album is somewhat about Bono's life as a child, and his mother's death when he was 14.

At first, the producer of band Joy Division, Martin Hannett, was supposed to produce (help record) the album, but he was sad about the suicide of Ian Curtis, so he did not help record the album. It was produced by Steve Lillywhite, and recorded in a Dublin studio called Windmill Lane Studios. Some songs were written in the studio, like "An Cat Dubh" and "The Ocean". Some other songs had already been written, and U2 were performing them often, like the songs "Stories for Boys", Out of Control", and "Twilight". The Edge, U2's guitarist, recorded all of the songs using his Gibson Explorer guitar and his Fender Stratocaster guitar.

"Boy" reached #63 on the Billboard album charts, a list of the most popular albums in the U.S., and was not on the popularity charts in the United Kingdom. The song "I Will Follow" reached #20 on a popularity chart called the Mainstream rock charts. People said that their live shows were too predictable and that Bono, the singer, used too much echo in his singing, but their playing showed that they could play very well. People also said that Bono was a "charismatic and passionate" singer, meaning that he sang very emotionally and that people could connect to him. "Boy" is the only U2 album that every song has been played live, including all of the b-sides (songs that are extra songs on a single). On the list of the 500 greatest albums of all time, made by the rock magazine Rolling Stone, "Boy" was 417th on the list.

The boy on the cover of the album is a boy named Peter Rowen. He is the brother of Bono's friend Guggi, and he is a famous Irish photographer. He has been on other U2 album covers, including "Three" and "War". The person who took the picture has made other U2 covers, too. In case that the band could be blamed for pedophilia, they changed the cover to a stretched picture of the four band members.

All of the songs were written by U2, and all of the lyrics were written by Bono.


There were two singles released from this album. They were "I Will Follow" and "A Day Without Me". The album that came before "Boy" was called "Three". On very early copies of "Boy", there is a 30-second instrumental piece that is am early version of "Fire", which was on a later album called "October".


Ergastic substance

An ergastic substance is a non-protoplasm material that one can find in cells. These are usually products of metabolism. 

Ergastic substances include crystals, oil drops, gums, tannins, resins and other compounds. Some of these substances help the organism function, keep up cell structure, or are just stored food material such as oil or fat. During the life of a cell, they can appear and disappear. Ergastic substances may appear in the protoplasm, in vacuoles, or in the cell wall.

Ergastic substances are usually absent in tissue with dividing cells, such as meristem tissue in plants. Plant cells often store noxious substances in leaf cells as a kind of defence against herbivory. In animals storing noxious substances is done as defence against predation. Storing venom for use in biting or stings is common in some groups of animals.

In general, if animals need quantity of a liquid substance they produce it with special cells in a gland, and send the product to where it is needed or stored.

Adenine

Adenine is one of the nucleobases or basic molecules which form DNA and RNA. They are usually called bases in genetics.

In DNA, adenine sticks to thymine with two hydrogen bonds to help in making the nucleic acid structures stronger. In RNA, which is used in the cytoplasm for protein synthesis, adenine sticks to uracil.

Adenine was sometimes called Vitamin B, but no longer. However, two B vitamins, niacin and riboflavin, bind with adenine to form the essential cofactors NAD and FAD respectively.

Adenine when bonded to ribose forms adenosine, part of molecules such as adenosine triphosphate.

Some think that, at the origin of life on Earth, the first adenine was formed by the polymerization (joining) of five hydrogen cyanide (HCN) molecules. This is not generally accepted.


888

Year 888 (DCCCLXXXVIII) was a leap year starting on Monday (link will display the full calendar) of the Julian calendar.



Trial and error

Trial and error is a primitive method of solving problems. It is characterised by repeated, varied attempts which are continued until success, or until the agent stops trying. It is an unsystematic method, which does not employ insight, theory or organised methodology.

According to W.H. Thorpe, the term was devised by C. Lloyd Morgan after trying out similar phrases "trial and failure" and "trial and practice". Under Morgan's canon, animal behaviour should be explained in the simplest possible way. Where behaviour seems to imply higher mental processes, it might be explained by trial and error learning. An example is the skilful way in which his terrier Tony opened the garden gate, easily misunderstood as an insightful act by someone seeing the final behaviour. Lloyd Morgan, however, had watched and recorded the series of approximations by which the dog had gradually learned the response, and could demonstrate that no insight was required to explain it.

Edward Thorndike showed how to manage a trial and error experiment in the laboratory. In his famous experiment, a cat was placed in a series of puzzle boxes in order to study the law of effect in learning. He plotted learning curves which recorded the timing for each trial. Thorndike's key observation was that learning was promoted by positive results, which was later refined and extended by B.F. Skinner's operant conditioning.

Harris Scarfe

Harris Scarfe is an Australian department store. It sells items including clothing, pots and pans, cutlery. The store went bankrupt in 2001, but has since bounced back. 

In 2004, Harris Scarfe bought the Allens group of seven department and five homewares stores. They continued to trade under the Allens name in New South Wales and the Australian Capital Territory, until 2008 when they got merged with Harris Scarfe.

Harris Scarfe has stores located in most Australian states. In New South Wales and the ACT they used to trade as Allens. They were acquired by Harris Scarfe in 2004, but continued to trade under the Allens name. In late 2008, the name of these stores was being changed from Allens to Harris Scarfe.

The main store for the company is located in Rundle Mall, Adelaide. The store is five stories tall. The main store for Tasmania is in Hobart and it is three stories tall.

Harris Scarfe sells items in two main groups, "In Style" (which includes all clothing) and "At Home" (all other goods, such as homewares & linen). The Adelaide store sells more goods than the other stores. Many of the Allens stores sell less goods than other stores.

Flushing, Queens

Flushing is a neighborhood in the Queens borough of New York City. Flushing is the largest urban center in New York. New York's second-biggest Chinatown is there.

Atlas

An atlas is a collection of maps or manifolds, traditionally bound into book form, but also found in multimedia formats.

It may show geographic features and political boundaries, but often social, religious and economic statistics as well.
The earliest atlases were not called by that name at the time of their publication. The first book that could be called an atlas was constructed from the calculations of Claudius Ptolemy, a geographer who worked in Alexandria circa A.D. 150. The first edition was published in Bologna in 1477 and was illustrated with a set of 27 maps, though scholars say that it is not known whether the printed maps were engraved versions of original maps made by Ptolemy, or whether they were constructed by medieval Greek scholars from Ptolemy's text.

From about 1544, many maps were produced, especially in the important trading centers of Rome and Venice. Each publisher worked independently. They produced maps based upon their own needs. The maps often varied dramatically in size. Over time, it became common to bind the maps together into one book. Although the term atlas was not in use in 1544, these works are now called "IATO" atlases - (Italian, Assembled to Order) or more frequently "Lafreri atlases" after one of the leading publishers of the period.

With the coming of the global market, publishers in different countries can reprint maps from plates made elsewhere. This means that the place names on the maps often use the designations or abbreviations of the language of the country in which the feature is located, to serve the widest market. For example, islands near Russia have the abbreviation "O." for "ostrov", not "I." for "island". This practise differs from what is standard for any given language.

Some cartographically or commercially important atlases include the following:





See Other websites below for online modern atlases and digitized historical atlases. The collection of digitized world atlases at DavidRumsey.com lists many significant atlases of the 18th-20th centuries.







T-Mobile Team

T-Mobile Team ("UCI Team Code:" TMO) is a professional cycling team competing in international road bicycle races.

It is named after its chief sponsor - the T-Mobile company. The team takes part in many editions of the annual Grand Tours of cycling, such as the Tour de France and the Giro d'Italia. Since 2005, the team has been one of 20 teams that compete in the new UCI ProTour.

In December 2007 T-Mobile decided to pull out of cycling sponsorship, and end their sponsorship immediately although they had promised to carry on until 2010.

The team was founded in 1991 as Team Telekom, sponsored by T-Mobile's parent Deutsche Telekom - but in 2004 their name changed to the current Team T-Mobile . It has 29 riders, 9 physiotherapists or nurses, 9 mechanics, and has 22 partners. The team is managed of Olaf Ludwig and Eddy Vandenhecke, and its sports directors, sometimes caleed "directeurs sportifs" Brian Holm, Tristan Hoffman, , Valerio Piva and Jan Schaffrath.

Founded as "Team Telekom" in 1991 with Walter Godefroot the team manager, the team soon became important presence in international cycling. In 1994, the German sprinter Erik Zabel won the first UCI Road World Cup victory in the history of the team, the Paris-Tours. A year later, in 1995, Zabel won two stages in the 1995 Tour de France.
The next two years saw the international breakthrough of the team. Godefroot brought in Danish rider Bjarne Riis, finished third in the 1995 Tour, and he went on to win the 1996 Tour de France. Jan Ullrich was then a support rider, and finished in second place. In the 1997 Tour de France Ullrich as he won the race with support from Riis, who had earlier won the Amstel Gold World Cup race . Team Telekom also won the team classification, as the overall strongest team of the 1997 Tour.

In both 1997 and 1998, Zabel won the Milan-Sanremo, while Ullrich finished second in the 1998 Tour de France. Ullrich went on to win the 1999 Vuelta a España, but missed the 1999 Tour de France due to a knee injury. The next year, Zabel won the overall World Cup victory, having won the Milan-Sanremo and Amstel Gold Race, while Ullrich placed second again in the 2000 Tour de France to Lance Armstrong. In 2001, Zabel won Milan-Sanremo for the fourth time. Ullrich came in second in the 2001 Tour de France, while Zabel won six stages combined in the 2001 Tour and Vuelta. Kazakh rider Alexandre Vinokourov won the Paris-Nice stage race in 2002, a feat he would duplicate in 2003, also winning the Amstel Gold Race and Tour de Suisse that year. As Ullrich left the team to form Team Bianchi in 2003, Vinokourov became team leader for the 2003 Tour de France. He finished in third place, just below the second placed Ullrich. Zabel won the 2003 Paris-Tours, while Italian rider Daniele Nardello took the Züri-Metzgete.

In 2004, the team changed its name to T-Mobile. Jan Ullrich returned to the team, and raced the 2004 Tour de France as team leader, but Vinokourov did not ride in the Tour. Ullrich finished fourth, while Andreas Klöden was the best placed rider of the team in second place. Team T-Mobile was again the strongest team overall. In the spring of 2005, Vinokourov won the Liège-Bastogne-Liège classic race. Ullrich, as the team leader, finished 3rd overall in the 2005 Tour de France. Alexandre Vinokourov rode in support, and finished fifth as well as winning two stages, including the final stage on the Champs-Elysees. Italian rider Giuseppe Guerini also won a stage and the team once again winning the team classification.

In July 2005, during the 2005 Tour, Vinokourov's contract was running out and speculation was abundant if he was to stay with T-Mobile. With four days left of the 2005 Tour, he announcedt that he would leave the team to try to win the Tour de France as a team captain and after the Tour he joined the Liberty Seguros team. After 13 years with Team Telekom and T-Mobile Team, Erik Zabel also left in 2005 to ride for the newly formed Team Milram. Before the 2006 season, Olaf Ludwig took over from Walter Godefroot as team manager.

Thirteen riders were expelled from the 2006 Tour de France because of a Spanish doping scandal. The day before the prologue of the 93rd edition Jan Ullrich, one of the favourites to win the race, was among those excluded from the Tour. Another T-Mobile rider, Oscar Sevilla, was also expelled, leaving the team starting with only seven riders.

On 9 July, the team sacked sporting director Rudy Pevenage because he was linked with Jan Ullrich in the doping scandal. "The contract linking T-Mobile to Pevenage has been retrospectively stopped on 30 June," the team's general manager, Olaf Ludwig, said.

On July 21, 2006, Jan Ullrich was fired. investigation.

At the 2006 Tour de France, T-Mobile won the team classification for the third consecutive year, Andreas Klöden reached the podium (3rd place) for the second time, Matthias Kessler won Stage 3, Serhiy Honchar won two individual time trials (Stages 7 and 19) and wore the yellow jersey for 3 days (after Stages 7–9).

In May 2007, several former riders admitted using banned substances (include EPO) while riding for the team in the mid 1990s, including Erik Zabel, Rolf Aldag, Brian Holm, Bjarne Riis, Bert Dietz, Udo Bölts and Christian Henn including the seasons in which Riis and Ullrich won the Tour de France. Team doctors Andreas Schmid and Lothar Heinrich has also confessed to helping and administering banned substances. Heinrich was Team Telekom's sporting director until May 3, 2007 when he was suspended following allegations published in former team member Jef d'Hont's book.

To present a new image the team brought a young team to the 2007 Tour de France, and drug-free attitude and image. However, Patrik Sinkewitz tested positive for higher than normal level of testosterone during a training camp. The results were only announced when Sinkiewitz was in hospital because of a crash. He was still dismissed on 31 July 2007.

As of July 19, 2007

In 2005 a film titled "Hell on Wheels" was released. It is a record of the 100th anniversary (but only the 90th running because of World War I and World War II) of the Tour de France in 2003 from the perspective of the then-Team Telekom.



T-Mobile

T-Mobile is a mobile (cell phone) network operator headquartered in Bonn, Germany. It was founded in 1990 and is a part of Deutsche Telekom and belongs to the FreeMove alliance.

T-Mobile is a group of mobile phone companies (all owned by Deutsche Telekom) that operate GSM and UMTS networks in Europe and the United States. The "T" stands for "Telekom". Most subsidiaries (companies) of Deutsche Telekom have names beginning with "T-" like T-Home and T-Online. T-Mobile also owns parts of mobile operators in Eastern Europe. T-Mobile has 101 million subscribers, making it the world's sixth-largest mobile phone service provider by subscribers and the third-largest multinational after the United Kingdom's Vodafone and Spain's Telefonica.

T-Mobile International has a large presence in eleven European countries: Austria, Croatia, Czech Republic, Germany, Hungary, North Macedonia, Montenegro, the Netherlands, Poland, Slovakia and the United Kingdom as well as in the United States.

Deutsche Telekom recently tried to buy rival mobile network operator O2, but it was eventually bought by Spain's Telefonica.

As well as football kit sponsors for FC Bayern Munich, Ferencvárosi TC, The Blues City and Borehamwood, T-Mobile is also a sponsor of several sports events, some of which carry the company name. It sponsors its own cycling team, the T-Mobile Team, and the Austrian first division football competition, the T-Mobile Bundesliga. It was also the official global mobile phone carrier for the 2006 FIFA World Cup (football) in Germany.

Simplified English

Simplified English is a set of approved words and writing rules. Its makers made it to help engineers write manuals (instruction books) so that people all over the world can read them. 

Some people think that:

The rules say to only use the words in simplified English in approved ways. This decreases misunderstanding. For example, the rules approve the use of the verb "close" ("Do not close the door"). The rules approve the use of the adjective "closed", meaning "not open" ("The door is not closed"). The adjective "close" means near ("Do not go close to the door"). The rules disapprove the use of the adjective "close". The rules approve the use of the adjective "near" ("Do not go near the door") for this meaning. The rules specify the use of the adjective "near" instead of the adjective "close". This way, the reader can be sure if the instructions say to keep the door open or to stay far from the door.

People started developing simplified English in the 1970s. People continue developing simplified English today. AECMA is the "European Association of Aerospace Manufacturers". AECMA began work on simplified English. ASD is the "AeroSpace and Defence Industries Association of Europe". ASD has a Maintenance Group called STEMG that continues work on simplified English. STEMG is the "Simplified Technical English Maintenance Group". STEMG maintains the ASD-STE100, the latest simplified English.



Thymine

Thymine, or 5-methyluracil, is a pyrimidine base found in the nucleic acid DNA.

In RNA thymine is swapped for uracil to represent the same genetic information. In DNA, thymine (T) connects to adenine (A) by two hydrogen bonds. These pair bonds hold the two strands of the DNA double helix structure together.


Probability distribution

Probability distribution is a term from mathematics. Suppose there are many events with random outcomes. A probability distribution is the theoretical counterpart to the frequency distribution. A frequency distribution simply shows how many times a certain event occurred. A probability distribution says how many times it "should" have occurred in the long run (that is, its probability). The probability distribution of a random variable formula_1 is often written as formula_2 (or simply formula_3). Such a distribution can either be discrete, taking a discrete (or countable) amount of values, or continuous, taking an uncountable amount of values (as from a continuous interval).

As an example, the probability distribution for a single roll of a normal 6-sided dice can be presented by:

where result is the outcome of the dice roll, and the probability shows the chances of that result occurring. If we roll a dice 60 times, then in the long run, we should expect to have each side appear 10 times on average. 

There are different probability distributions. Each of them has its use, its benefits and its drawbacks. Some common probability distributions include:



Exponential distribution

The exponential distribution with rate formula_1, written formula_2, is a probability distribution defined only on the positive real numbers. It is the continuous analogue of geometric distribution. Exponential distribution is used in reliability applications, and its main use is to assess the duration of random time intervals. Examples where it can be used include:



Binomial distribution

In probability and statistics, the binomial distribution is a probability distribution which models the probabilities of having a certain number of successes among "n" identical trials (each having "p" as the probability of success). It is also written as formula_1. The variables n and p are thus the two parameters of a binomial distribution.

The binomial distribution has discrete values. It counts the number of successes in yes/no-type experiments. Each of these experiment, also called Bernoulli trial, either results in success or failure. Examples of binomial distribution include:
In order to use the binomial distribution, the following must be true about the problem:


Poisson distribution

In probability and statistics, Poisson distribution is a probability distribution. It is named after Siméon Denis Poisson. It measures the probability that a certain number of events occur within a certain period of time. The events need to be unrelated to each other. They also need to occur with a known average rate, represented by the symbol formula_1 (lambda). 

More specifically, if a random variable formula_2 follows Poisson distribution with rate formula_1, then the probability of the different values of formula_2 can be described as follows: 

Examples of Poisson distribution include:


Samaná Province

Samaná is a Dominican province. It is in the northeastern part of the country. It takes up the whole Samaná Peninsula. Its capital city is Santa Bárbara de Samaná, usually called just "Samaná". It is one of the main tourist regions of the country with several important resorts.

The word "Samaná", written as "Xamaná" centuries ago, is the Taíno name of the region. The meaning of the word is unknown.

Samaná was visited by Christopher Columbus in January 1493, during his first travel to the Americas. At that moment, Samaná was occupied by "Ciguayos", a tribe of Native Americans with the same culture of the Taínos but a different language. They were the first Indians that fought against the Europeans.

After the conquest of the Hispaniola island by the Spaniards, Samaná was occupied by different groups of Europeans, mainly French people. Some groups of "" (runaway slaves) lived in the mountains for many years.

To fight against those European groups, Spain brought galleys (a galley was a narrow war ship where prisoners and slaves were used to move the ship), and founded in 1756 the town of Santa Bárbara de Samaná on the northern coast of Samaná Bay, with people from the Canary Islands.

When the eastern part of the Hispaniola (the "Santo Domingo" colony) was given to France in 1795, the French government tried to develop the region, and many French families moved to Samaná to grow coffee; many places in Samaná have French names. Most of those French families left Samaná when Spain took again the colony in 1809.

During the Haitian Occupation (1822 - 1844), a fort was built in Los Cacaos (west of Santa Bárbara de Samaná) to control the Samaná Bay; another small fort was built in El Limón, on the northern coast.

Jean-Pierre Boyer, President of Haiti, sent some Haitian families to live in Tessón, to the north of Santa Bárbara de Samaná. Boyer brought ex-slaves from Philadelphia to live in the country, and 200 of them were taken to live in Samaná. Both the Haitian and the American populations kept their languages and traditions.

After the Independence, several Dominican governments tried to sell or rent the Samaná Bay, with the peninsula, to several foreign governments but without any result.

In 1888, the railway from Sánchez to La Vega (in the La Vega province) began to run across the rich region of the Cibao. Sánchez became the most important port of the country during the rest of the 19th century and beginning of the 20th century. The railroad worked until 1966.

It was created as a Maritime District (a special administrative category that has been abandoned) on 4 June 1867. The 1907 Dominican Constitution changed its status to province with the municipalities of Samaná and Sánchez. In 1966, Las Terrenas was made the third municipality of the province.

El Limón became a municipal district in 2001, Arroyo Barril in 2003 and Las Galeras in 2005.

To the north and east of the peninsula (and province) is the coast of the Atlantic Ocean. To the south is the Samaná Bay. Samaná shares borders with the Duarte and María Trinidad Sánchez provinces (west). It also shares a short border with the Monte Plata province.

In (last national census), there were people living in the Samaná province, and 44,190 () living in towns and cities. The population density was persons/km².

Its population represents of the total population of the country and the province is ranked as the 22nd (out of 31 plus the National District) more populated province.

, the total estimated propulation of the province is 108,238 inhabitants.

The largest city of the province is Samaná, its head municipality or capital, with an urban population (in ) of 13,857 inhabitants.

More than 95% of the population is black.

A mountain chain called "Sierra de Samaná" runs across the province, from west to east; only in the western part, west of Sánchez, there is flat land because it is an estuary. The Sierra de Samaná gets to the coast, except in some places where there are very good beaches. The highest mountain in the province is in the eastern part of the peninsula and is called "La Meseta", high.

The altitude of Santa Bárbara de Samaná, provincial capital, is above sea level.

There are many rivers and creeks but all are very short because the mountains get very close to the coast. There are more rivers on the southern part of the province but the most important rivers ("Limón", "Cantón" and "San Juan") are on the northern part, flowing to the Atlantic Ocean;

In the southwestern part of the province is the "Yuna" river, one of the most important river of the country; it flows into the Samaná Bay.

Samaná has a wet tropical climate, with temperature of , on average. The yearly rainfall on the Sierra de Samaná is above .

There are 3 municipalities and 3 municipal districts (M.D.) in the province.

The most important economic activity of the province is agriculture; Samaná is the biggest producer of coconut in the country but the demand for that product is diminishing. Cacao and rice are produced in the western part of the province.

Even if fishing was a very important activity, its importance has been reduced because the Yuna River has been filling the Samaná Bay with solid material.

Tourism is very important in the province because of the beautiful beaches in the province. Whale-watching is an important economic activity because many tourists come the province to watch the humpback whales that come in late winter and early spring to breed in the warm waters of the Samaná Bay.

Interpreter (computing)

In computer science, an interpreter is a computer program that performs commands written in a computer programming language. Interpreters are one of the two most important ways a program can be run, the other being compilation.

The interpreter is a language processor which converts a high-level programming language like JavaScript into machine language by "converting and executing it line-by-line." If there is any error in any line, it reports it at the same time and program execution cannot resume until the error is rectified.

Flag of the United Arab Emirates

The flag of the United Arab Emirates () is used to represent, or show, the United Arab Emirates. It contains the Pan-Arab colors, which are red, green, white, and black, to show Arab unity. The Flag was designed by a Young Emirati boy named as Abdullah Mohammed Al Maainah in 1971.

Red represents hardiness, bravery, strength and courage. The vertical red band can also be interpreted as binding all the other meanings together in unity.

Green represents hope, joy, optimism, and love. It can also symbolize the countries prosperity.

White represents peace and honesty. White is the purest colour, and is interpreted by some to symbolise cleanliness.

Black is the colour of solidarity and also the colour of mental strength. It signifies the defeat of enemies. 

The Donna Reed Show

The Donna Reed Show is an American sitcom television series. It aired on ABC from 1958 to 1966. The show stars Donna Reed as Donna Stone, a housewife, Carl Betz as Alex Stone, a pediatrician (baby doctor), Shelley Fabares as their teenage daughter Mary, and Paul Petersen as their son Jeff. Mary left for college in the show's fifth year and Paul Petersen's real life little sister Patty Petersen joined the show as Trisha, a child the Stones adopt. Bob Crane and Ann McCrea joined the show in its last years as Stone family friends Dave and Midge Kelsey.

The show focuses on an upper middle class American family. Donna is a somewhat idealized housewife who capably handles any problems or situations that come her way. The show had many famous guest stars: singers James Darren and Lesley Gore, actor George Hamilton, swimmer and actress Esther Williams, Lassie as her TV character, sports stars Don Drysdale and Willie Mays, Buster Keaton, and Jay North as his TV character Dennis the Menace. Reed won the 1963 Golden Globe Best Female TV Star Award.

Alien: Resurrection

Alien: Resurrection is a 1997 American science fiction-horror-thriller movie. It was written by Joss Whedon and directed by Jean-Pierre Jeunet. It opened on November 26, 1997. The movie is the fourth in the "Alien" series of movies. It was the first in the series that was not made in England. The music was composed by John Frizzell. It stars Sigourney Weaver as Ellen Ripley.

The events of "Alien: Resurrection" take place two centuries after the events of "Alien³". Ellen Ripley has been cloned on the outer space military science vessel "Auriga". This is done so they can get the alien queen embryo that was inside her. After taking out the queen embryo, the scientists decide to keep the Ripley clone alive for further study. They raise the alien queen to adult size and collect its eggs for further use. Because of the cloning process, Ripley has several new abilities including enhanced strength, acidic blood, and a link with the aliens.

The "Betty", a ship full of mercenaries, comes to the "Auriga". It is bringing several kidnapped humans to be used in experiments. The mercenaries meet Ripley. Their youngest member Call (Winona Ryder) recognizes her name and tries to kill Ripley. Call thinks Ripley may be used to create more aliens. Call is too late. The adult aliens have already been created and quickly escape their confinement. Dr. Wren, one of the ship's scientists, tells them that, in an emergency, the "Auriga" will automatically return to Earth. Knowing that this will free the aliens on Earth, Ripley, the mercenaries, Wren, a surviving marine named DiStephano, and a surviving alien host, Purvis, set out to escape on the "Betty" and then destroy the "Auriga".

As the group makes their way through the damaged ship, several of them are killed by the aliens. The group finds out that Call is an android. Using her abilities to control the damaged ship's systems, they set it to crash into the Earth. They hope that the aliens will be destroyed when the ship crashes. The alien queen from inside Ripley has also gain a new ability. She can give birth to live offspring now. The offspring, which appears more humanoid, sees Ripley as its "mother" and kills the alien queen. Ripley escapes soon after and heads for the "Betty".

Ripley and the surviving mercenaries arrive at the "Betty". As they launch, the human/alien offspring attacks Ripley and Call. Ripley kills it by using her own acidic blood to burn a hole through part of the ship. This causes the creature to be pulled through the small hole and into the vacuum of space. The survivors escape in the "Betty" as the "Auriga" crashes through the atmosphere and down towards Earth.

Despite positive reviews for Sigourney Weaver's and Winona Ryder's performances, the movie is the least successful in the series and was not well liked by the critics. The movie cost $70 million to make, but it earned only $47.8 million in the US. It did earn a total of $161.3 million worldwide. However, Winona Ryder won the Blockbuster Entertainment Award for her role in the movie.

Screenwriter Joss Whedon was extremely unhappy with the final version of movie. In a 2005 interview, when asked how the movie was different from the script he had written, Whedon said, "It wasn't a question of doing everything differently, although they changed the ending; it was mostly a matter of doing everything wrong. They said the lines... mostly... but they said them all wrong. And they cast it wrong. And they designed it wrong. And they scored it wrong. They did everything wrong that they could possibly do. There's actually a fascinating lesson in filmmaking, because everything that they did reflects back to the script or looks like something from the script, and people assume that, if I hated it, then they’d changed the script... but it wasn’t so much that they’d changed the script; it’s that they just executed it in such a ghastly fashion as to render it almost unwatchable."


Dan Castellaneta

Daniel Louis Castellaneta (born October 29, 1957) is an Emmy award-winning American actor, voice actor, comedian and screenwriter best known for providing the voice of Homer Simpson and other characters on the long-running FOX animated series "The Simpsons". As well as being a voice actor for "The Simpsons", Dan Castellaneta has also written a few episodes of "The Simpsons" along with his wife, Deb Lacusta.





Team Milram

Team Milram is an Italian-registered UCI ProTeam established in 2006. The team is often called a German team because its main sponsor is Milram, part of the Nordmilch company from the German state of Bremen.

Milram took over the ProTeam licence of Domina Vacanze. Erik Zabel and Alessandro Petacchi are the team’s top cyclists. There are 25 other riders, mainly from Germany and Italy. Milram is the third team in the UCI ProTour with a German main sponsor.

The team manager is led by Italian Gianluigi Stanga, who has been a team manager in professional cycling since 1983. The directeurs sportifs ("Sports Directors") are the Italians Vittorio Algeri, Antonio Bevilacqua and Oscar Pellicioli . Gerry van Gerwen from the Netherlands is the commercial manager.

Milram only joined the UCI ProTour in 2006. Since then they have won 88 podium positions (that is, finished a race either first, second, or third) (24 first, 29 second, 35 third ).

Team MILRAM reorganised itself for its second season. Five new riders joined and eight riders left the team. The most prominent new rider is Igor Astarloa, 2003 World Champion from Spain. Additionally, the team added Brett Lancaster, the up-and-coming riders Marcel Sieberg and Niki Terpstra, as well as neo pro Sebastian Schwager. After breaking his kneecap in 2006, Alessandro Petacchi regained his top form and won some races.

There is a MILRAM Continental Circuit Team, and those young riders and those from other U23 teams are helped so they can develop their skills

As of January 5, 2007.


Perrierbambus

A Perrierbambus is a kind of bamboo that grows in Madagascar.

Chi-square distribution

In probability theory and statistics, the chi-square distribution (also chi-squared or formula_1  distribution) is one of the most widely used theoretical probability distributions. Chi-square distribution with formula_2 degrees of freedom is written as formula_3. It is a special case of gamma distribution.

Chi-square distribution is primarily used in statistical significance tests and confidence intervals. It is useful, because it is relatively easy to show that certain probability distributions come close to it, under certain conditions. One of these conditions is that the null hypothesis must be true. Another one is that the different random variables (or observations) must be independent of each other.


 cdf =formula_4|

Null hypothesis

In statistics, a null hypothesis, often written as formula_1, is a statement assumed to be true unless it can be shown to be incorrect beyond a reasonable doubt. The idea is that the null hypothesis generally assumes that there is nothing new or surprising in the population. The most common null hypothesis is the "no-change" or "no-difference" hypothesis (as in "there is no difference between a sample mean and a population mean"). When testing whether something works, one would start with the null hypothesis that it will not work. The term was first used by Ronald Fisher in his book "The Design of Experiments".

Every experiment has a null hypothesis. For example: 

The opposite of a null hypothesis is an alternative hypothesis. Some examples of alternative hypotheses are:


Timothy Leary

Timothy Francis Leary, (October 22, 1920 – May 31, 1996) was an American writer and psychologist from Springfield, Massachusetts. He is seen as a modern pioneer. He was in favor of research on psychedelic drugs and their use. He was one of the first people whose remains have been sent into space. As an icon of the counterculture of the 1960s, he is most famous as a person who stood in for the therapeutic and spiritual benefits of using LSD. He coined and popularized the catch phrase "Turn on, tune in, drop out."

Leary died of prostate cancer.

Ralph Metzner

Ralph Metzner (May 18, 1936 – March 14, 2019) was an American psychologist, and writer. He was born in 1936, in Germany. With Timothy Leary and Richard Alpert he was involved in a series of tests done at Harvard University, in the 1960s. These tests involved psychedelic drugs.

In the 1960s, professors Timothy Leary, Ralph Metzner and Richard Alpert collaborated on a book titled "The Psychedelic Experience", which adapted portions of the "Tibetan Book of the Dead" as a guide for use in LSD experiences. They hoped to give users of LSD a simulation of death and rebirth, to "liberate" them from past problems or mistakes in their lives.

Rock band

A rock band is a group (a band) of musicians who play rock music. The standard line up for a rock band is four musicians playing lead guitar, rhythm guitar, bass guitar and drums. One or more of the band can sing. This was the line up used by the Beatles. 


Book of the Dead

The Book of the Dead is a name for an Egyptian text. It is also known as The Book of Coming [or Going] Forth By Day, or as the papyrus of Ani. It contains a number of texts, and spells. These allow the dead person to safely get to the place of the afterlife.

The book of the dead was most commonly written on a papyrus scroll. It was placed in the coffin of the dead person, or their burial chamber. The book of the dead in its most familiar form was first used in the New Kingdom, but many of the spells had their origins in the funerary texts of the Old and Middle Kingdoms.

The name "Book of the Dead" was the invention of the German Egyptologist Karl Richard Lepsius, who published a selection of the texts in 1842.

Missing sections of the book were found in the Queensland Museum in 2012. Historians are hoping that the missing pieces will give them a copy of the complete book.

Team Gerolsteiner

Team Gerolsteiner ("UCI Team Code:" GST) is a German road bicycle racing team in the UCI ProTour. It is sponsored by the drinks company Gerolsteiner Brunnen and the bike company "Specialized".

The team was founded in 1998 with manager Hans-Michael Holczer and sports directors Rolf Gölz and Christian Henn. The contract with Georg Totschnig in 2001 helped make the team enter Division I. In 2003 the team participated in the Tour de France for the first time. 

The Leader is Georg Totschnig, who has finished in the top 10 in the Tour de France and is an excellent climber. In 2005, Totschnig won stage 14 of the Tour, showing his skill on the 15km long climb up the Port de Pailhères (2000m at 8.2%). He was the first Austrian to win a tour stage since Max Bulla in 1931. In 2007, Georg Totschnig retired and Levi Leipheimer moved to the Discovery Channel Pro Cycling Team. The team used youngsters Markus Fothen and Stefan Schumacher to captain the team in the 2007 Tour de France.

In September 2007 Gerolsteiner said it would not renew its sponsorship.

As of January 1, 2007


2006–07 UCI Oceania Tour

The 2006-2007 UCI Oceania Tour is the third season of the UCI Oceania Tour of professional road bicycle racing held in various countries throughout the Oceania region. The season begins with the Jayco Herald Sun Tour stage race in October 2006 and runs until September 2007.

The points leader, based on the cumulative results of previous races, wears the UCI Oceania Tour cycling jersey. The final points leader is crowned the 2006-2007 UCI Oceania Tour champion. Gordon McCauley is the 2005-2006 champion of the UCI Oceania Tour.

The UCI Oceania Tour consists of the following one-day races and stage races:



Natural selection

Natural selection is a central concept of evolution. 

Natural selection is the process where organisms with favorable traits are more likely to reproduce. In doing so, they pass on these traits to the next generation. Over time this process allows organisms to adapt to their environment. This is because the frequency of genes for favourable traits increases in the population.

Some animals have traits (features) which help them survive. If animals with some traits live longer, it means they can reproduce more. The offspring of the animal has the same traits as them (heredity). 

The theory was proposed independently by the English biologists Charles Darwin and Alfred Russel Wallace in the middle of the 19th century (1858). It is sometimes called the "survival of the fittest". Darwin chose the name as an analogy with artificial selection (selective breeding).

Members of a species are not all alike, often because of differences in heredity (genetics). This is true even with children of the same parents. Some of these differences might make one organism better at surviving and reproducing than others in a particular habitat. When this organism reproduces, its offspring may get the genes which gave it the advantage. Some adaptations are extremely long-lasting, useful in many habitats.

"Natural selection" explains why living organisms change over time to have the anatomy, the functions and behaviour that they have. It works like this:

There are now quite a number of examples of natural selection in natural populations.

A well-known example of natural selection in action is the development of antibiotic resistance in microorganisms. Since the discovery of penicillin in 1928 by Alexander Fleming, antibiotics have been used to fight bacterial diseases. Natural populations of bacteria contain, among their vast numbers of individual members, considerable variation in their genetic material, as the result of mutations. When exposed to antibiotics, most bacteria die quickly, but some have mutations that make them slightly less susceptible. If the exposure to antibiotics is short, these individuals will survive the treatment. The elimination of individuals which have no resistance is an example of natural selection.

Given enough time, and repeated exposure to the antibiotic, a population of antibiotic-resistant bacteria will emerge. This leads to what is known as an evolutionary arms race, or co-evolution, in which bacteria continue to develop strains that are less susceptible to antibiotics, while medical researchers continue to develop new antibiotics that can kill them. Response strategies typically include the use of different, stronger antibiotics; however, new strains of MRSA have recently emerged that are resistant even to these drugs. A similar situation occurs with pesticide resistance in plants and insects, and with malarial resistance to quinine.

One famous case study is the study of peppered moth evolution, and there are many other examples. Most of these day-flying moths were light in colour, but just a few of the moths were dark. At first, the light coloured moths survived better because they were camouflaged against the light colour of the nearby trees. This made it hard for birds to see them.

When factories were built, the pollution made all the trees look black. Now the light coloured moths were obvious against the dark bark. The dark coloured moths had the advantage after the environment changed. The genes controlling dark colour spread through the population of moths. After the second world war, controls against pollution worked to make the environment cleaner. Then the lighter moths once again had the advantage, and are now much more common.

Mimicry is another example: Some harmless insects mimic other insects which are dangerous, or which taste foul. Mimicry evolves because "the better mimics survive better". They live to produce more offspring than the less good mimics. The genes of the better mimics become more common in the species. Over time, mimic species get closer to their models.

Sexual selection is a special kind of natural selection. It is a theory of Charles Darwin that certain evolutionary traits can be explained by competition "within" a species. Darwin defined sexual selection as the effects of the "struggle between the individuals of one sex, generally the males, for the possession of the other sex". It is usually males who fight each other. Traits selected by male combat are called secondary sexual characteristics (including horns, antlers, etc.) and sometimes referred to as 'weapons'. Traits selected by mate choice are called 'ornaments'.

Females often prefer to mate with males with external ornaments—exaggerated features of morphology. Genes that enable males to develop impressive ornaments or fighting ability may simply show off greater disease resistance or a more efficient metabolism—features that also benefit females. This idea is known as the 'good genes' hypothesis. Sexual selection is still being researched and discussed today.

Ernst Mayr said:

Devanagari

Devanāgarī (देवनागरी) is an abugida and brahmic script used to write many North Indian languages, including Sanskrit, Hindi, Marathi, Bihari, Bhili, Konkani, Bhojpuri, Nepal Bhasa and Nepali from Nepal and sometimes Kashmiri or Sindhi. About a hundred smaller languages also use Devanāgarī.


Continental circuits

The UCI ProTour is the series of races for the top cycling teams. The Continental circuits are for teams that are not so good.

Some teams, such as Team Milram, have one team on the ProTour, a team of younger riders on the continental circuit as well as being linked with U23 teams. In this way teams can spot talented riders.

There are five circuits, one each for

Usually organisers of a ProTour event can invite one or two teams from the continental circuit to compete. Also a ProTour team might decide to compete in a continental circuit race

Zac Efron

Zachary David Alexander "Zac" Efron (18 October 1987) is an American actor and singer. He is most famous for his role in the "High School Musical" series. Other movies including "17 Again" and "Charlie St. Cloud".

His mother, Starla Baskett, is a former secretary and his father, David is engineer. He is the older of two sons. He has a little brother, Dylan. He was dating Vanessa Hudgens.


Fiddle

The word fiddle refers to a violin when used in folk music. Many people also use it simply as a fun word for "violin". Someone who plays the fiddle is a "fiddler". The bow is sometimes called a "fiddling stick". Fiddle playing, or fiddling, is a style of folk music.

The word "fiddle" is also used for instruments of several hundred years ago which developed into the violin. These instruments varied a lot from one country to another and one time to another. They were of different shapes and sizes, and even had many different names. Often they were held against the chest instead of being tucked under the chin. In the Middle Ages a small, narrow violin called a kit was often used by dancing masters. It was small enough to be put in a pocket. In south eastern Europe there was even a fiddle with a belly (the front of the instrument) made of skin. Fiddle strings were usually made of gut.

Many fiddles have bridges which are flatter on top than those of classical violins. The flatter bridges makes it easier to play chords and to bow quickly from one string to another. The strings are tuned in a variety of ways. A player might even change the tuning for playing different pieces of music. Tunings other than the regular G-D-A-E tuning, such as G-D-G-D or A-E-A-E, are common. One, two or three of the strings may have been used for a drone (continuous note) while playing the tune on the top string(s).

Many fiddlers have not received classical training but have learned by listening to other fiddlers and copying them. The music they play is dance music. Classical violin playing developed out of country fiddle playing. Most fiddlers use bows which are the same as violin bows, but in some countries such as Hungary they use shorter, heavier bows with horse hair that is tied around the frog (the heel of the bow). With this type of bow the player tightens the hair by squeezing it while playing.

Fiddles were played by people from all areas of society: from noble people to simple peasants. Many of them were minstrels who entertained important people. Some of them may have been able to read music, but many would have learned by copying other players and memorizing the music. At important feasts the minstrels may have played music while walking up to the high table when the food was brought in. They played to accompany dancers and singers, and even acrobats. We can see from old paintings that they sometimes played with other instruments such as trumpets, drums or percussion. We do not know the music they played because it was never written down, but some tunes we still hear today may have come from those old tunes, since some people still learn tunes by ear, from people who learned them by ear, and so on. Some American "old-time" tunes, and some Breton tunes may have come to us in this way, for example. 


Hardanger fiddle

A Hardanger fiddle or hardingfele in Norwegian, is a traditional string instrument used mainly in the south west of Norway. It is similar to the violin, but it has eight or nine strings and the wood is thinner. Four of the strings are strung and played like a violin, while the other strings are sympathetic strings (they vibrate when the others are played). 

The Hardingfele is used for dancing. The player stamps his foot loudly while playing. It was the Norwegian tradition for a bridal procession to be led to the church by a Hardanger fiddler.

The instrument has a lot of decoration, with a carved animal (usually the Lion of Norway) or a carved woman's head as part of the scroll at the top of the pegbox, mother of pearl in the tailpiece and fingerboard, and black ink decorations called 'rosing' on the body of the instrument. Sometimes pieces of bone are used to decorate the pegs and the edges of the instrument.

The earliest known instrument is dated 1651 although we do not know whether this date is correct. By 1850 it had developed into the Hardanger fiddle known today. 

The Hardanger fiddle can be tuned in lot of different ways, depending on the music to be played. The Norwegian composer Edvard Grieg liked Norwegian folk music. When he wrote the famous tune “Morning” for the music for "Peer Gynt" he was thinking of the notes that would be played on the Hardanger fiddle.

In the 20th century the Hardanger fiddle has become very popular in Norway through competitions. The players have to play in the style of the area they come from.


Auguste Rodin

Auguste Rodin (born François-Auguste-René Rodin; 12 November 1840 – 17 November 1917) was a French sculptor. Rodin was born in Paris. He made solid objects from stone or clay. His most famous works are 'The Thinker' and 'The Kiss'.

Although Rodin is generally considered the start of modern sculpture, he did not set out to rebel against the past. His training was old-school. He took a craftsman-like approach to his work, but he was rejected three times to Paris's foremost school of art.

Rodin had a unique ability to model a complex, turbulent, deeply pocketed surface in clay. Many of his most notable sculptures were roundly criticized during his lifetime. They clashed with the sculpture tradition, in which works were decorative, formulaic, or highly thematic.

Rodin's most original work departed from traditional themes of mythology and allegory. He modelled the human body with realism, with individual character and physicality. Rodin refused to change his style. Gradually there came increasing favour from the government and the artistic community.

His statue of writer Honoré de Balzac for the "Société des Gens des Lettres" was heavily criticised. Rather than try to convince skeptics of its merit, Rodin repaid the Société his commission and moved the figure to his own garden. After this experience, Rodin did not complete another public commission. Only in 1939 was Monument to Balzac cast in bronze. It is now thought to be a masterpiece.

Rodin's reputation grew, and he became the top French sculptor of his time. By 1900, he was a world-renowned artist. Rich private clients sought Rodin's work after his 1900 World's Fair exhibit. For example, a Japanese patron, Matsukata Kojiro, paid for some of Rodin's best castings, including "The Gates of Hell."

Rodin kept company with a variety of high-profile intellectuals and artists. He married his lifelong companion, Rose Beuret, in the last year of both their lives.

His sculpture suffered a decline in popularity after his death in 1917.


Joe Cole

Joseph John "Joe" Cole (born 8 November 1981) is an English professional football player. Cole plays as a midfielder for 
Coventry City. At his peak he played for
Chelsea and Liverpool in the Premier League and for the England national team.

Cole was born in Paddington. He was adopted. He was raised in Somers Town, London.

Joe Cole trained at West Ham United at the start of his career. He moved to Chelsea in 2003 for a prize of £6,600,00 and scored 10 goals for Chelsea in the 2004/05 season.

West Ham United

Chelsea

Individual

Rebec

The rebec is a bowed string musical instrument that was played many hundreds of years ago. It was either held under the chin, like a violin, or held against the arm. The name “rebec” was spelt in a variety of ways.

The rebec dates back to the Middle Ages and was particularly popular in the 15th and 16th centuries. The instrument is European, but probably developed from the Afghan instrument called the “rebab”. Instruments like the rebec were being played in the 10th century.

The rebec can have any number of strings from one to five, although three is the most common number. The strings are often tuned in fifths. The instrument played high notes like the violin, but in later years bigger rebecs were made that played lower notes.

The rebec was mostly used for dance music. Dancing masters often used a kind of pocket-sized rebec called a “kit”.

The rebec was also used in folk music, especially in eastern Europe, Spain and North Africa.

In medieval and Renaissance times the rebec in Europe was played by minstrels. They dressed in special livery and played at important feasts and in processions. They were also played by cowherds. King Henry VIII has several rebec players at his court.

Today many Middle Ages re-enactors like to play rebec since it is an authentic Medieval instrument.

Resonator

A resonator is something that resonates. This may make a particular frequency of a sound or other vibration become bigger.

In electromagnetics a cavity resonator is a resonator composed of a space that is usually surrounded by a dielectric or metal which allows standing wave patterns at particular frequencies, eigenmodes, correlated to their size, shape, and material.

Most musical instruments have resonators. They are the parts which makes the sound louder. A vibraphone, for example, has long tubes underneath the keys. It also has a special effect: a mechanism which, when it is turned on, opens and shuts the resonators very quickly so that a trembling sound is heard.

The body of a violin is a resonator: without the body the sound of the string vibrating would hardly be heard, just as the sound of an elastic band stretched between two fingers can hardly be heard.

Joshua Bell

Joshua David Bell (born 9 December 1967) is an American violinist. He is considered one of the greatest violinists of today.

Bell was born in Bloomington, Indiana, United States. His father was a psychologist and therapist. He began violin lessons at the age of four after his mother found that Bell had taken rubber bands from around the house and stretched them across the handles of his dresser drawer to pluck out music he had heard her play on the piano. His parents got him a very small violin and started giving him lessons. He learned the violin very quickly, but also had time to enjoy things such as video games and sports. 

Bell's first violin teacher suggested that he should learn with Josef Gingold. Bell says that Gingold was a great teacher. At the age of fourteen, Bell appeared as a soloist with the Philadelphia Orchestra conducted by Riccardo Muti. He studied the violin at the Indiana University's Jacobs School of Music, while managing to graduate from Bloomington High School North in 1984.

Joshua Bell first played in the Carnegie Hall, New York in 1985 with the Saint Louis Symphony Orchestra. He has since performed with almost all of the world's major orchestras and conductors. He has played all the well known concertos as well as new works. In 1993 he gave the first performance of Nicholas Maw's violin concerto which was dedicated to him. The recording of this work won Bell a Grammy award. He performed the solo part on John Corigliano's Oscar-winning soundtrack for the movie "The Red Violin" and was also featured in "Ladies in Lavender". Bell also made an appearance in the movie "Music of the Heart", a story about the power of music, with other famous violinists. 

Bell's violin is a 300-year-old Stradivarius violin called the Gibson ex Huberman, which was made in 1713, a time when Stradivarius was making his best instruments. This violin had been stolen twice from the previous owner, Bronislaw Huberman; the last time the thief confessed as he was dying to having stolen it. Bell had held and played the violin, and its owner at the time jokingly told Bell the violin could be his for four million dollars. Shortly afterwards, by chance, Bell came across the violin again and discovered it was about to be sold to a wealthy German to become part of a collection. According to the Joshua Bell website Bell "was practically in tears." Bell then sold the Stradivarius violin that he had at the time for a little more than two million dollars and bought the Gibson ex Huberman for a little under the four million dollar asking price. His first recording made with the Gibson ex Huberman was "Romance of the Violin". It sold more than 5,000,000 copies and remained at the top of classical music charts for 54 weeks. In September 2006 he made a CD called the "Voice of the Violin" and was released in September 2006. It has songs arranged for the violin. He played the song "Vocalise" by Rachmaninoff in the Royal Albert Hall at the Last Night of the Proms in 2007. He is a visiting professor at the Royal Academy of Music in London.

In an unusual experiment the Washington Post asked Bell to stand in the street and busk (play his violin) by the entrance to a Washington Metro station one cold morning in January 2007. During the 45 minutes that he played more than 1000 people passed him but only a few people stopped to listen, most of whom were children. Only one person recognized him and one other person realized he was a great violinist.

Bell lives in Manhattan. He is keen on sports such as golf and tennis. He has three children born by a former girlfriend, however married another woman on 5th October 2019.


Elastic modulus

An elastic modulus, or modulus of elasticity, is the mathematical description of an object or substance's tendency to be deformed elastically (i.e. non-permanently) when a force is applied to it. 

The elastic modulus of an object is defined as the slope of its stress-strain curve in the elastic deformation region:

where λ is the elastic modulus; stress is the force that causes the deformation divided by the area to which the force is applied; and strain is the ratio of the change caused by the stress to the original state of the object. 
If one specifies how stress and strain are to be measured, that allows for many types of elastic moduli to be defined.


ISO 3166-1

<onlyinclude> 
ISO 3166-1, is part of the ISO 3166 standard. It gives a code for the names of countries and dependent territories, and is published by the International Organization for Standardization (ISO). The official name of the standard is "Codes for the representation of names of countries and their subdivisions – Part 1: Country codes"

ISO 3166-1 is not the only standard for country codes. Many international organizations use their own country codes, where some of them closely correspond to the ISO 3166-1 codes.

Currently, 244 countries and territories have official ISO 3166-1 codes. The only way to enter a new country name into ISO 3166-1 is to have it registered in one of the following two sources:

To be listed in the bulletin "Country Names", a country or territory must be any of the following:

Once a country name or territory name appears in either of these two sources, it will be added to ISO 3166-1 by default.

The following is a complete ISO 3166-1 encoding code list in alphabetical order by the English short country names officially used by the ISO 3166 Maintenance Agency (ISO 3166/MA), which uses country names from United Nations sources.
The table includes officially assigned codes only.

Besides the officially assigned codes, code elements may be expanded by using either reserved codes or user-assigned codes.

Reserved code elements are codes which, while not ISO 3166-1 codes, are in use for some applications in conjunction with the ISO 3166 codes. They are reserved to add flexibility to the coding system. Usually, obsolete codes may be kept as reserved, while some overseas territories, international organizations, and special nationality status have reserved codes of their own. See the corresponding sections in "ISO 3166-1 alpha-2" and "ISO 3166-1 alpha-3" for their respective reserved codes (ISO 3166-1 numeric does not have reserved codes).

User-assigned code elements are codes at the disposal of users who need to add further names of countries, territories or other geographical entities to their in-house application of ISO 3166-1, and the ISO 3166/MA will never use them in the updating process of the standard. See the corresponding sections in "ISO 3166-1 alpha-2", "ISO 3166-1 alpha-3" and "ISO 3166-1 numeric" for their respective user-assigned codes.

A country or territory may get new codes if it changes its name or its territorial boundaries. A country generally gets new alphabetical codes if its name changes, whereas a new numeric code is associated with a change of boundaries. Changes to ISO 3166-1 are announced in periodic newsletters, of which 12 have been released since the first edition of ISO 3166-1 was published in 1997:
The second edition of ISO 3166-1 was published in 2007, which comprises a consolidation of all changes to the lists as published in the newsletters above.


Notes
Information on reserved codes taken from "Reserved code elements under ISO 3166-1" published by Secretariat of ISO/TC 46, ISO 3166 Maintenance Agency, 2001-02-13, available on request from ISO 3166/MA.


Atlas (disambiguation)

Atlas, most commonly means a collection of maps, traditionally bound into book form.

Atlas can mean:


In astronomy:
In biology:

In physics:
In mathematics:












Lira da braccio

The lira da braccio was a European string instrument that was played with a bow. It was used during the Renaissance. Italian poet-musicians in court in the 15th and 16th centuries often played it to accompany the poems they were reading. The lira da braccio was very similar to the medieval fiddle. Changes continued to be made to the way the lira da braccio was made until the end of the 16th century. In paintings it is often seen being played by the gods Orpheus and Apollo. Sometimes it was used in groups of instruments.

The instrument was a similar shape to a violin, but with a wider fingerboard and flatter bridge. It usually had seven strings, five of them tuned like a violin with a low D added to the bottom, and two other strings for drones. It is likely that the player often played the tune on the top strings and chords on the lower strings.

The lira da braccio was very popular at court. Later, in the 16th century, the madrigal became very popular and also the violin, so the lira da braccio was used less. It continued to be used in plays, especially when it was associated with Apollo. By the middle of the 17th century people no longer played it.

Atlas (missile)

Atlas was a missile built by the "Convair" Division of "General Dynamics".

It was originally designed as an ICBM in the late 1950s. It launched the Mercury project space capsules and became the foundation for a family of successful space launch vehicles now built by "United Launch Alliance". The Atlas rocket family is today used as a launch platform for commercial and military satellites, and other spacecraft.

The Atlas, first tested in 1957, was the United States' first successful ICBM (Intercontinental Ballistic Missile).

Atlas, named for the Atlas of Greek mythology, got its start in 1946 with the award of a United States Army Air Force research contract to Convair for the study of a 1,500 to 5,000 mi. (2,400 to 8,000 km) range nuclear armed missile.

The missile was originally given the military designation "XB-65", thus making it a bomber; from 1955 it was redesignated "SM-65" and, from 1962, it became "CGM-16". This letter "C" stood for "coffin" or "Container", because the rocket was stored in a semi-hardened container; it was prepared for launch by being raised and fueled in the open. The Atlas-F (HGM-16) was stored vertically underground, but launched after being lifted to the surface.




Flag of Dominican Republic

The Dominican Constitution says that the flag of the Dominican Republic has a white cross in the centre; the arms of the cross get to the sides of the flag and divides the flag into four rectangles —the left rectangles are blue (top) and red (bottom), and the right ones are red (top) and blue (bottom). The width of the white cross is half the height of one of the rectangles.

The National Flag, like the state and war flags of other Latin American countries, has a small coat of arms in the centre of the white cross but there is not a coat of arms in the ensign (the flag used by commercial ships).

The Dominican flag was created the first day of Independence (27 February 1844); it was created from the Haitian flag but with a white cross; that is, two blue rectangles on the top and two red rectangles on the bottom. The colors are from the French flag. That was the "First National Flag".

The first Dominican Constitution of 6 November 1844 did not say anything about the distribution of the rectangles but from the start the flag was represented with alternation of the colors (that is, blue and red on top and red and blue on bottom); this is the "Second National Flag". Only the Constitution of 1908 is specific about the color distribution.

Southampton

Southampton is a city in the United Kingdom. The city is in Hampshire. It is about in the middle of the south coast of England. Southampton is the largest city on the south coast.

It is an important port. It is the nearest city to the New Forest. In 1912, the RMS Titanic sailed from there as was common with most ocean liners at the time. It contains several memorials and museum exhibitions related with the doomed ship.

Southampton has lots of landmarks, of which one is the Bargate. This is the old main gate of the city wall of Southampton, and nowadays is used as the beginning of the guided tour of Southampton, "Walk the Walls". In medieval Southampton, a bell was rung at dusk every day to tell people that the gates would shortly be locked.

Today, the Bargate Shopping Centre is nearby.

Named after "The Mayflower", which set sail from Southampton to the "New World" (via Plymouth), the Mayflower is the theatre in Southampton. It was built in 1928.

Southampton is home to many cruise ships and ocean liners, including the "Queen Victoria" and the "Queen Mary 2".

There is also a regular ferry service to Hythe (a small village on the other side of Southampton Water), which leaves every half hour.

Southampton has a football team Southampton F.C., which is nicknamed "The Saints". In 2001, the team moved stadiums, from "The Dell", to St. Mary's Football Stadium. The club was founded in 1885, and has been playing ever since.

Southampton is twinned with:

Southampton is also sister cities with

Lhasa Apso

The Lhasa Apso is a small breed of dog. It originated in Lhasa, Tibet, which it is named after. Male Lhasas generally weigh about 14 to 18 pounds, and female Lhasas weigh 12 to 14 pounds. Lhasas have developed a thick coat of fur because they were bred in Tibet, which can get very cold. Their coat comes in many different colors, and they usually have dark brown eyes and a black nose. Lhasas generally live long lives, some surviving into their twenties. Lhasa Apsos do tend to develop arthritis in their legs, which is due to the fact they are excitable, energetic dogs.

Behavior problems are minimal, but the Lhasa Apso can be a little headstrong and stubborn, which may make it slightly difficult to train. The coat can also require a lot of effort to maintain.


States and territories of Australia

From 1926 to 1931, Central Australia existed as a separate territory between the 20th and 26th parallels of latitude, before being becoming a part of the Northern Territory again.



The states started as separate British colonies before Federation (in 1901). Their powers are protected by the Australian constitution. The territories are under the control of the Commonwealth government. The Australian Parliament has powers to create laws in the territories that it does not have in the states.

Most of the territories are directly administered by the Commonwealth government. Three of the territories (the Northern Territory, the Australian Capital Territory and Norfolk Island) administer themselves. In the territories that govern themselves, the Australian Parliament has the power to govern, and can override laws made by the territorial governments. It has done this at times, but it is rare that it happens. The Northern Territory and the Australian Capital Territory are usually treated as states.

Each state has a governor. This governor is chosen by the Queen, but she chooses the person on the advice of the state Premier. The Administrators of the Northern Territory and of Norfolk Island are chosen by the Governor-General. The Australian Capital Territory is governed by the Governor-General.

The head of government of each state is called the Premier. This person is chosen by the state's Governor. Normally the Governor will select as Premier whoever leads the lower house of the state Parliament. However, the Governor can chose someone else as Premier. The head of government of the self-governing mainland territories is called the Chief Minister. The Chief Minister of the Northern Territory, who normally whoever controls the Legislative Assembly, is appointed by the Administrator.


The Rocky and Bullwinkle Show

The Rocky and Bullwinkle Show is an alternative name for two separate American television animated shows: "Rocky and His Friends" (1959–1961) and "The Bullwinkle Show" (1961–1964).

Jimmy Finlayson

James Henderson "Jimmy" Finlayson (August 27, 1887 – October 9, 1953) was a Scottish-American actor who worked in both silent and sound comedies. Finlayson was bald, with a fake moustache, and had many trademark comic mannerisms and is famous for his squinting, outrageous "double-take, "fade away" head reaction, and characteristic expression "D'oh!".


Body mass index

The body mass index (or BMI) is a measure which shows whether people have the right weight for their height. The World Health Organisation (WHO), governments and health workers use it. It is also sometimes called the Quetelet index.

The BMI was invented by Adolphe Quetelet between 1830 and 1850. 

A scientist named Ancel Keys first used the term "body mass index" in 1972. He wrote that governments should measure the BMI of adults to find out whether they are too fat or too thin.

To find somebody's BMI:
This is the formula:

For example, a man whose weight is and height is has a BMI of:
A man whose weight is and height is has a BMI of:

Health organisations, including the World Health Organisation (WHO), use the BMI to help decide whether people are too fat or too thin. The WHO uses these numbers for adults:
Some people disagree with these numbers. Some experts think the "Overweight" range for people with Asian body types should be 23–27.49, not 25–29.99. Some experts think the lowest "Normal" BMI should be 20 for men, and 18 for women.
The old BMI definition of overweight was 27. This changed in 1998.

BMI is useful for governments who want to know about the health of their people. For example, in the United States in 2007, 74% of adults had a BMI above 25 ("Overweight" or "Obese") and 27% of adults had a BMI above 30 ("Obese"). Many of these people will become ill because they are too fat. This information helps the United States government decide what to do about the health of its people.

BMI is less useful for finding out whether one person is too fat or too thin. BMI does not say how much weight is fat, how much is muscle and how much is bone. For example, many athletes have a high BMI. They are not fat. Their BMI is high because they have lots of heavy muscle. Other people have lots of fat and not much muscle. They are too fat but their BMI is normal.

Even so, BMI is popular. It is easy to use and easy to understand, and it gives useful information for people with "normal" bodies.

The Ponderal Index is similar to the body mass index, but the height is cubed, not squared. The formula is:

Some experts suggest that the exponent should be between 2.3 and 2.7. The best formula might be:


Middle age

Middle age is the period of life between youth and before old age. There is no fixed age, but most people think it begins when someone is about 45 years old, until the person is about 65 years old.

In most countries, people that think that by middle age, people should be mature, perhaps with a good, steady job and a family. Due to promotion, middle age is sometimes a time when adults have greater wealth and influence than earlier in their careers, although they may have less disposable income due to having children. However, it is also common for some adults to suffer from mid-life crisis, helped moslty by widespread and socially accepted ageism, when they are unsure about their life and sometimes become depressed because of it. Women and men often have different experiences of middle age partly depending on whether they choose to work or care for their family full-time.

Middle-aged people begin to look older, with more wrinkles in their skin, and start to have grey hair. They become less fit and usually gain more weight. 

Middle-aged females find it harder to become pregnant. If they do have a baby, there is a higher chance that it will have a genetic disease (Down syndrome, for example). Females usually have their menopause in middle age, when they stop bleeding every month. When that happens, they cannot have children anymore.

Tribute

A tribute (from Latin "tribulum", contribution) is when one party gives something to another as a sign of respect or, as was often case in historical situations, of submission or loyalty.

This is trade between the parties under a contractual relationship formed upon pressure, and based upon the possibility of threats if improved relationships did not happen.

In Imperial China, the term "tribute" is used to describe a kind of regulated trade in goods and services between China (the only great power in East Asia) and other trading partners.

Despite the term "tribute" state, China did not get involved in the domestic affairs and diplomacy of its trading partners, such as Joseon, Japan, Siam, Cochinchina and the Ryūkyū Kingdom.

In music, a tribute is when a singer, musician or band plays the music of another musical group. These artists may make an entire album called a "tribute album" that is nothing but songs that were first played by other musicians. A "tribute band" is a band that only plays songs that were made famous by one other band. They will often dress like that band and try to look like them as they perform. For example, a Kiss tribute band will only play songs by the band Kiss. They will also dress like the band and use the same makeup designs as members of the bands.



Brandy Norwood

Brandy Rayana Norwood (born February 11, 1979), professionally known as Brandy, is an American singer, songwriter, record producer, dancer, and actress. 

Brandy became famous as a teenager in the early 90s with the debut "Brandy" which received a platinum certification in the US. In 1997 she became the first African American in history to play the role of Cinderella in the movie with the same title. Her second album "Never Say Never" followed which sold over 16 million copies worldwide. A couple of highly successful singles were released from the record, including "The Boy Is Mine", a duet with Monica, which spent 13 weeks at number one on the US singles chart. In 1999 Brandy starred in the horror movie "I Still Know What You Did Last Summer". Brandy earned the title "Princess of R&B" due to her success in the 1990s. She starred in the sitcom "Moesha" as the title character.

Her third album "Full Moon" was released in 2002. The album went platinum a month after its release. The follow-up titled "Afrodisiac" was released in 2004. Thereafter Brandy's career suffered from several setbacks, most notably the 2006 car accident where another driver was killed. The singer's sixth album was expected for release in 2012. 

To date, Brandy has sold over 30 million records worldwide which makes her one of the best-selling female artists in she is top teen music history. In 2010 she was ranked amongst the 50 most successful teenagers in American history.

Brandy was a contestant in the late 2010 season of "Dancing with the Stars".



Kew Gardens

Kew Gardens or the Royal Botanic Gardens, Kew is a UNESCO World Heritage Site in the London Borough of Richmond upon Thames in the United Kingdom.

Kew’s historic landscapes and buildings are a collection of gardens and parks and glasshouses.

Kew has the world's largest collection of plant specimens, and is one of the most important centres of research in botany.

Kew Gardens are open to visitors who pay to enter.

Early work on the gardens started in the 17th century when King Henry VII built Richmond Lodge in the area.

The land was a private royal garden until the Victorian era. In 1840, the Royal Botanic Garden was established.

The great expansion of the British Empire in the 19th century brought an expanded interest in exotic plants, so the gardens expanded.

In the 20th century, the gardens continued to grow larger and even more important in plant science.

The gardens were named a UNESCO World Heritage Site in 2003.

The Temperate glass house was fixed over 5 years. It opened again in 2018. 



Yo Gabba Gabba!

Yo Gabba Gabba! is a children's television show on Nickelodeon. It features a musician named DJ Lance Rock, and 5 monsters: Muno, Foofa, Brobee, Toodee, and Plex in Gabbaland. The fun never ends.




Post (album)

Post is an album by Icelandic rock singer Björk. She sent it out on June of 1995. It includes techno and dance songs.

Post was one of the most popular albums of Björk. It was ranked #26 in "Spin" magazine's "100 Greatest Albums, 1985-2005".

Component

Component could mean:


Landscape

A landscape means an area of land as one can see it. This includes landforms, flora, fauna and human elements, for instance human activity or the built environment.

According to its meaning, lighting and weather conditions are part of landscape as well. Objects inside the building can sometimes be considered part of landscape as well.

The landscape is determined mainly by the underlying geology. This can be seen clearly in the East African Great Rift Valley. There almost everything in the landscape is caused by or connected with the pulling apart of Africa which is happening there. Even in Great Britain, a geologically quiet place, the whole landscape can be understood by understanding its geological past.One geological place is the rain forest

The word was borrowed as a painters' term from Dutch during the 16th century, when Dutch artists began to become masters of the landscape genre. The Dutch word "landschap" had earlier meant simply “region, tract of land” but now meant “a picture depicting scenery on land”.

Dell

Dell Inc. is a private company that makes laptop and desktop computers and computer accessories. It was formed in 1984. It is named after Michael Dell, the CEO and creator of the company. Dell makes computers for businesses and home users, and they also make computer monitors and Printers. They used to make portable music players, called the Dell DJ, and PDAs too.

Their company is in Round Rock, Texas. In 2006, they employed over 78,000 people. Some of their computers have a Linux operating system. Most computers for consumer usage will come with Microsoft Windows.

Michael Delle — Founder of the Company.

Founded by Michael Delle, in 1984 in the city of Austin (Texas) as PC Limited, since 1988 — Dell Computer, after 2003 — Dell, Inc.

In 1987, Dell entered the European market, in 1994 they went to the market of the Asia-Pacific region. In 2005, Fortune called Dell "the company causing the greatest admiration in the United States" (in the world ranking Dell was third place). The growth rates of profit and sales volumes of the late 1990's to the early 2000's significantly exceeded industry indicators.

In 2013, Michael Dell at the expense of its own funds and funds provided by the investment company Silver Lake Partners, for $25 billion bought a controlling stake in the company from the exchange, 75% of the company passed under the control of Dell.

Dell acquired Perot Systems, Ross Perot's IT infrastructure services company, for approximately $3.9 billion.

On October 12, 2015, the American corporation Dell signed an agreement to acquire EMC for $67 billion, which is the largest deal in the history of the IT industry.

On September 7, 2016, the acquisition of EMC was completed, the acquired EMC became part of the updated Dell Technologies Corporation as a subsidiary with the name "Dell EMC", moreover, it is planned to transfer Dell units involved in the sale of corporate servers to this business unit, data storage systems and some others related to the corporate market.


Svartahrid

Svartahrid is a black metal band from Norway. The band was formed in Skien, Telemark in 1994.




Marcel Marceau

Marcel Mangel (22 March 1923 – 22 September 2007) better known by his stage name Marcel Marceau, was a French mime. He was one of the most popular mimes in the world. He was said to be "single-handedly responsible for reviving the art of mime after World War II."

Marceau created many personalities. The most famous of these is probably "Bip the clown". He received several awards for his works.


Bugs Bunny

Bugs Bunny is an Academy Award-winning animated rabbit who starred in the "Looney Tunes" and "Merrie Melodies" series created by Warner Bros. He made the phrase ""What's up, Doc?"" popular as early as 1940. Other things he says are "I knew I shoulda taken that left turn at Albuquerque", "Of course you realize, this means war", and "Ain't I a stinker?". He is often seen as a very studious character, with a carrot in his mouth. His counterpart is commonly Daffy Duck, with whom he is usually arguing. In other shorts, he comes up against Wile E. Coyote, Elmer Fudd, or Yosemite Sam. Bugs speaks Bronx/Brooklyn/Flat Bush/Jersey/New York with an Bronx/Brooklyn/Flat Bush/Jersey/New York accent, causing him to drop his "Rs". Bugs is somewhat based on the comedian Groucho Marx. Bugs is one of a dozen cartoon characters to have a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame; he was the second after Mickey Mouse.

Further reading


Kaz II mystery

The Kaz II is a 12 metre catamaran that was found drifting 160 km (80 nautical miles) off the northern coast of west indies on April 18, 2007. What happened to the crew of the boat is not known. The circumstances in which they disappeared are mysterious and have been compared to that of the 1800s ship "Mary Celeste".

The Simpsons shorts

"The Simpsons" shorts is a series of one-minute television shorts that ran on the variety show "The Tracey Ullman Show" for three seasons. The shorts were created by cartoonist Matt Groening.


James L. Brooks

James L. Brooks (born May 9, 1940) is a three-time Academy Award, nineteen-time Emmy and Golden Globe-winning American producer, writer, and movie director.

He is best known for creating American television programs such as "The Mary Tyler Moore Show", "The Simpsons", "Rhoda" and "Taxi". His best-known movie is "Terms of Endearment", for which he received three Academy Awards in 1984.



Wi-Fi

Wi-Fi is a way of connecting to a computer network using radio waves instead of wires. It was invented to connect computers that are near each other, and nowadays is much used for Internet connections. 

The Wi-Fi Alliance says Wi-Fi is any "wireless local area network" (WLAN) that follows the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers' (IEEE) 802.11 specification. A Wi-Fi device can work with any Wi-Fi network anywhere in the world. 

The word "Wi-Fi" is a play on words with hi-fi, and was invented to replace the name "IEEE 802.11b Direct Sequence Spread Spectrum".

As of 2013, most wireless networks use one of two radio frequency bands. These are not the only two bands, but are the most used. One of the bands is at around 2.4 GHz, and the other is at 5 GHz. Both of these have benefits and drawbacks: The 2.4 GHz band is widely used, and devices are usually cheaper. Microwave ovens, DECT telephones and other wireless devices also use the 2.4 GHz band, and sometimes cause interference which slows transmissions. The 5 GHz band has more frequencies and usually less interference, but there are more rules for using it. In some places, the 5 GHz band may not be used outdoors. Because fewer devices use the 5 GHz band, devices that do are often more expensive.

The World Health Organization (WHO) says that Wi-Fi is not dangerous.



Digital Object Identifier

A Digital Object Identifier (or DOI) is a permanent way to identify an online document. This identification is not related to its current location.

A typical use of a DOI is to give a scientific paper or article a unique number that can be used by anyone find the location of the paper. It may also make it possible to find an electronic copy, for example, on the Internet. The DOI system has a DOI resolution system which is used to locate where the document is. When the document is moved, the DOI resolution system is updated with the new location of the document.

For example, links to "Web 2.0 authorship: Issues of Referencing and citation for academic integrity" by Kathleen Gray "et al." The work was published in "The Internet and Higher Education," Vol. 11, Issue 2, 2008.


Encyclopaedia Metallum

Encyclopaedia Metallum: The Metal Archives is a website which lists bands from various forms of heavy metal music.


Tropical Depression Ten (2007)

Tropical Depression Ten was a short-lived tropical cyclone that moved onto land on western Florida in September 2007. It was the tenth tropical cyclone of the 2007 Atlantic hurricane season. The storm formed as a subtropical depression on September 21 in the northeastern Gulf of Mexico from the contact of a tropical wave, the end of a cold front, and a low pressure system. Originally, the system had a disorganized circulation and thunderstorm patterns, but later turned into a tropical depression after convection became more organized over the center. Moving northwestward, the depression came onto land near Fort Walton Beach early on September 22, and shortly later, it dissipated over southeastern Alabama. The depression caused only light damages to the area and was limited to light rainfall, although the system that would later become "Tropical Depression 10" created a damaging tornado in Eustis, Florida.

By September 17, the contact between a tropical wave and the end of a cold front created huge amounts of thunderstorms over the Bahamas and western Atlantic Ocean. An upper-level low over western Florida created more convection across the area, and on September 18 the system began moving towards Florida. Originally, the system was very disorganized, but surface pressures slowly went down across the area, with a weak low pressure area forming on September 19. A Hurricane Hunters aircraft was sent to fly into the system on September 20 reported an organized low and strong wind gusts in the storm as it moved into the northeastern Gulf of Mexico, along with little and disorganized thunderstorm activity. Convection slowly became better organized, with a well-defined rainband in its eastern half and irregular thunderstorm activity near the center. In spite of its bad organization, with a disorganized circulation and an upper-level low aloft, the National Hurricane Center started advisories on "Subtropical Depression Ten" at 1500 UTC on September 21 while it was located about 40 miles (60 km) south of St. Vincent Island, Florida, stating "the potential for additional development right along the coastline."

With a mid-level ridge to its northwest, the subtropical depression was predicted to move alongside with the coastline of Florida and Alabama. As an outcome, the cyclone was forecasted to have winds of 45 mph (75 km/h) and move onto land on southern Mississippi. The circulation became better organized as convection modestly increased over the center, and within 6 hours of its formation, the system turned into a tropical depression. The cyclone continued moving northwestward, making landfall around 0000 UTC on September 22 near Fort Walton Beach, Florida with winds of 35 mph (55 km/h). The cloud pattern began to become disorganized as it moved inland, and 3 hours after it moved ashore the National Hurricane Center gave out its last advisory on the depression. As the depression continued into Alabama, it became more disorganized, and by 0900 UTC on September 22 the cyclone collapsed into a remnant low pressure area.

At the same time the National Hurricane Center gave out its first advisory on the depression, they also gave out a tropical storm warning from Apalachicola, Florida to the delta of the Mississippi River. Shortly thereafter, an inland tropical storm warning was given out for Pearl River, Walthall, and Pike counties in Mississippi and Washington Parish in Louisiana. Also, the New Orleans National Weather Service gave out a coastal flood watch for four parishes in southeastern Louisiana. In Mississippi, Governor Haley Barbour declared a state of emergency. Officials ordered a mandatory evacuation for people living in areas of low lands and in mobile homes for Jackson, Harrison, and Hancock counties. Officials in New Orleans opened three emergency shelters, stating the possible need of shelter for citizens in about 17,000 FEMA trailers after Hurricane Katrina. Because of the threat of the cyclone, Louisiana governor Kathleen Blanco also declared a state of emergency and placed the state's National Guard and other disaster services on stand-by.

Before of the depression's development, several oil and gas companies removed unneeded workers from offshore oil platforms in the northern Gulf of Mexico; the Shell Oil Company evacuated about 700 employees, while Noble Energy removed its workforce of about 300 people from two oil rigs. Exxon Mobil stopped its production by about 1,000 barrels of oil and 55,000 ft³ (1,500 m³). With 27.7% of the daily crude oil production stopped because of the depression, oil prices rose higher after days of increasing levels, and on September 20 reached a record rate of over $84 per barrel.

Together, the wind shear and low-level helicity created moderate convection across central Florida associated with the precursor low pressure system. Late on September 20, a supercell formed near Lake Apopka, and moved quickly northward it created an EF1 tornado near Eustis; the tornado moved around for about 2 miles (3 km) and reached winds of about 100 mph (160 km/h). The tornado destroyed 20 homes, left 30 others severely damaged, and injured one person, and cut power for about 300 people. The depression also created waves of about 5 feet (1.5 m) and rip currents along the west coast of Florida. Outer rainbands began affecting coastal sections of western Florida by about 12 hours before the formation of the depression. Precipitation in the state reached 2.83 inches (71.9 mm) in Crestview. In other places, rainfall totals reached 1.46 inches (37.1 mm) in Albany, Georgia and 0.51 inches (13 mm) in Dothan, Alabama.



Software piracy

Software piracy (officially called copyright infringement of software) refers to the illegal copying of software. It often uses the Internet. Some countries have laws about this. The problem is considered to be bigger in certain countries than in others. Those who hold the copyright get less money because of copyright infringement. As a result of this, some copyright holders publish “anti-piracy” campaigns to tell people about the effects of infringement.

Very often, the people making the laws have to make a trade-off between allowing people to copy and use the software, and the copyright holders charging for the content. At the same time, even not allowed distribution makes the content more popular. Because of these two reasons, infringement of copyright for proprietary software and content can be bad also for free software and content.

In 2010 to 2012, the entertainment industry advocated changes to United States law to make it easier to end piracy websites, called Stop Online Piracy Act and Protect IP Act. Some websites including the English Wikipedia protested these proposals on January 18, 2012. The next day, the United States Department of Justice seized the Megaupload website which is claimed to be one of the largest piracy websites.

Some reasons on why people pirate are: 


Illegally distributed proprietary software often has the following features:


Bionicle

Bionicle (stylized BIONICLE) is a line of toys by the LEGO Group marketed primarily for 5- to 16-year-olds. The line was launched on December 30, 2000 in Europe and June/July 2001 in Canada and the United States. "Bionicle" is a portmanteau constructed from the words "biological" and "chronicle", which is also actually derived from the word "bionics". The concept is similar to Lego Group's earlier themes, Slizers/Throwbots and RoboRiders in that each of those lines had characters based on classical elements. Earlier Bionicle packages had displayed the Technic Logo, but it has since been phased out, evolving Bionicle into its own branch of LEGO. It has recently been announced by the director of LEGO that they will stop making new Bionicle sets after Winter 2010 "for the foreseeable future". However, while production of sets will stop, the story will not, as Greg Farshtey will continue to update it on the website. Bionicle was replaced by Hero Factory, which was released later in July 2010.

The Bionicle story is set in a science fantasy world and is primarily told through the book series, Bionicle Chronicles, Bionicle Adventures, and Bionicle Legends as well as through comic books published by DC Comics. Four films have also been made. As of 2010, the main Bionicle story will be published online.

The 2001–2008 Bionicle story arc was set in a world inhabited predominantly by part-organic, part-machine beings (most notably the Matoran) in a subterranean world, which exists in massive domes underground. 2009 began a new saga of the story-line, leaving behind the previous years and venturing out to newer possibilities as Mata Nui, after having been banished by Makuta Teridax, finds his way to a mysterious barren planet called Bara Magna. Here he becomes the center of the story and makes new allies as he tries to find a way to save the Matoran from Makuta Teridax's tyrannical rule.

The concept of Bionicle was proposed in 2000. During that time, Lego was suffering a ten-year downturn. In 1998, the company suffered its first loss, resulting layoffs for the first time with 1000 people being laid off the following year. In January 2004, Lego posted a loss of 1.4 billion Danish kroner (140 million British pounds and 223.86 million USD). A few weeks earlier, in order to "stabilise its financial situation," another 500 jobs were cut.

Initially, the idea of Bionicle was faced with resistance from "company traditionalists" as Lego had "no experience of creating the kind of story-based, multichannel brand that was being proposed." Also, the war-like appearance of the Bionicle characters went against the company's values: "high-quality products, an emphasis on free play and encouraging the imagination, and no modern warfare or violence."

However, the Bionicle line soon became the "biggest of the recent hits" and the number one product of Lego in 2003. The series made its first debut in virtual form on the web in December 2000. In 2004, the sets accounted for approximately all of Lego's turnover. As the sets were produced, Lego developed them on the sets' website through "character bios and an episodic adventure game." The main storyline is developed by a team of eight people around the world, who decide "which media gets which bit of the story." Because the Bionicle story is told through multiple media (books, comics, and movies), the purpose of the website is to put the different parts together. The practice of making every Bionicle product "from toys to toothbrushes" promote the website resulted in web traffic averaging more than a million page views per month in August 2004. Another strategy used to promote the website was the use of "Kanoka points". Each toy packaging had special access codes that allows users to earn the points ("the Bionicle equivalent of a loyalty scheme") that can be used to play web games.

The 2001–2008 storyline arc of Bionicle was set in a science fantasy world inhabited predominantly by part-organic, part-machine beings in a subterranean world, which exists in massive domes underground. This world (dubbed "The Matoran Universe") and its races were once protected by a Great Spirit named Mata Nui, until he was cast into an eternal slumber by the evil Makuta Teridax and the Brotherhood of Makuta. The world of the Matoran began to fall apart. But mask of life that was stored inside Mata Nui was sent out to space to find a new planet. The mask landed on the planet of Bara Magna and the mask created a small body.

2009 began a whole new saga of the story-line, leaving behind the previous years, and venturing out to newer possibilities as Mata Nui, after having been banished by Makuta Teridax, crash lands on a mysterious barren planet, called Bara Magna. Here he becomes the center of the story, and makes new allies as he tries to find a way to save the Matoran and the Toa from Makuta Teridax's tyrannical rule.

The story begins with six Toa Mata: Tahu, Lewa, Gali, Kopaka, Pohatu, and Onua, arriving on an island known as the Island of Mata Nui, remembering nothing beyond their names. They discovered that the inhabitants, the Matoran villagers, face constant attacks from infected Rahi, savage beasts controlled by the powerful influence of Makuta Teridax through use of Infected Kanohi masks, causing a war which lasted about 1000 years. After searching for and finding numerous Kanohi masks, the Toa each receive a Golden Kanohi mask with tremendous power and seek out Makuta himself. After challenging the ferocious Manas crabs and the Shadow Toa (evil doppelganger-like illusional replicas of the Toa ), the Toa confront Makuta and defeat him by uniting their elemental powers.

Upon his defeat, Makuta released the ancient Bohrok. Bohrok are robotic drones that were designed to "cleanse" the island of Mata Nui to its state "in the before-time". The Bohrok began to tear through the villages on the island, forcing Matoran to flee. One inventive Matoran of Earth, Nuparu, builds a powerful vehicle called the Boxor, made from parts of a damaged Bohrok in order to fight off the swarms. The Toa, unaware of the Bohrok's purpose, collected the Bohrok's Krana (mask-like creatures that function as their brains) to confront the Bohrok Queens, the Bahrag: Cahdok and Gahdok. The defeated Cahdok and Gahdok are sealed in a prison created by the Toa's elemental powers. The Toa Mata are then exposed to a substance called Energized Protodermis, which transforms them, granting them new armor and weapons. They renamed themselves the "Toa Nuva".

With Cahdok and Gahdok defeated, the Bohrok Swarms are stopped and returned to their hives. However, six new elite Bohrok, called the Bohrok-Kal, appeared with the purpose of releasing the Bahrag. They then proceeded to steal the Toa Nuva's powers, which are the key to breaking the seal. On the verge of defeat, the Toa force all of their powers into the Bohrok-Kal, overloading and defeating them. 

Shortly afterwards, two Matoran, Takua and Jaller, discovered the Kanohi Mask of Light. They were tasked with traveling across the island of Mata Nui to find the Toa of Light. Meanwhile, Makuta created and sent out six creatures called Rahkshi to find the mask and stop the coming of the Toa of Light. The Rahkshi tore across Mata Nui, destroying the villages of Ta-Koro and Onu-Koro. The Rahkshi were stopped by the Toa, but not before killing Jaller. Jaller's death caused Takua to realize he was the Toa of Light, and he donned the mask to become Toa Takanuva. Takanuva went to confront Makuta and, during their battle, they both fell into a pool of energized protodermis, a silvery substance with the power to change or destroy a being, and became fused together into the being Takutanuva. Takutanuva then proceeded to open the door to the city of Metru Nui, allowing the Matoran and Toa through. Using some of his life energy, he revived Jaller while still holding the door open. However, the use of energy was too great and Takutanuva was crushed by the door, seeming to kill both Takanuva and Teridax, leaving only Takanuva's Mask of Light. Takanuva was promptly revived when his mask was used to activate the beacon to Metru Nui. Afterwards, the Matoran prepared to return to the island city of Metru Nui.

As the Matoran prepared to journey to Metru Nui, the Turaga (village elders) revealed that they had once been Toa, fighting in Metru Nui against threats such as the Morbuzakh plant creature and the Dume-controlled Vahki enforcement squads. They, as Matoran, were transformed into the Toa Metru by Toa stones containing power sacrificed by Toa Lhikan. Their mission was to find the six Great Disks and defeat the Morbuzakh, a plant menace that threatened to destroy the city. When they did, however, they were betrayed by Dume, the Turaga of the city. Later, they discovered that Makuta Teridax had taken the disguise of Dume and taken control of the Vahki (law enforcement robots). His plan was to put the Matoran to sleep, wipe out their memories, and reawaken them "as their conqueror." The Toa fled, but were attacked by Teridax. Combining their elemental powers, they were able to seal Teridax in a prison of crystallized protodermis. The Toa traveled to a new island, which would later be known as Mata Nui, vowing to return to save the Matoran.

They do return. However, the evil king Sidorak and his viceroy Roodaka had been reigning on the island, with vicious spider-like creatures called Visorak. The Toa were soon captured and mutated into bestial Toa Hordika. To revert to normal, the Toa sought out the legendary Rahi Keetongu. Toa Vakama, however, betrayed the other Toa and joined Sidorak, who made him the leader of the Visorak. The other Toa confronted the Visorak horde in a great battle, and convinced Vakama to rejoin them. Vakama then ordered the Visorak to be free. Keetongu then killed Sidorak, whom Roodaka and Vakama betrayed. The six Toa then defeated Roodaka with all six of their elemental powers. However, this had the side effect of freeing Makuta because Roodaka carried a fragment of his prison. The Toa struck her for this reason. Having been restored by Keetongu, the Toa Metru brought the Matoran to a new island. When they sacrificed their power to awaken the Matoran, they become Turaga, and later established new villages on this island called Mata Nui.

The Toa Nuva learned that Mata Nui was not only asleep but dying. To save him, they must travel to the island of Voya Nui and seek the mysterious Kanohi Ignika, the Mask of Life. The Toa Nuva set out on this adventure but are quickly taken prisoner by six new and powerful enemies, the Piraka: Zaktann, Hakann, Vezok, Thok, Reidak, and Avak. They sought the mask for their own dark purposes. When the Toa failed to return, a group of six Matoran followed after them. Jaller, Hahli, Hewkii, Nuparu, Kongu, and Matoro escaped to the island in Toa canisters, but as they traveled, bolts of lighting from the Red Star transformed them into the Toa Inika. Upon their arrival, they learn of the Piraka and how they enslaved the local Matoran by posing as false Toa, in order to make the Matoran build them a fortress. With the help of a small Matoran Resistance and the ancient guardian Axonn, the Toa Inika were able to free the Toa Nuva, find the temple of the mask, and battle the Piraka as well as the other creatures guarding it. They eventually emerged victorious with the Kanohi. But the Mask of Life possessed a will of its own, and in the last moment evades them all, rushing into the depths of the sea.

Following the chase for the Mask of Life, the Toa Inika descended into the waters after receiving the mysterious clue "save the sunken city" from an unknown Matoran, who had saved Hahli from drowning at the cost of him dying from decompression sickness.[14] A burst of energy from the Mask of Life transformed the Toa Inika into water-breathing forms. They discovered an inhabited village of Mahri Nui that had broken off from Voya Nui and sunk a thousand years ago. The village was threatened by ancient warlords known as Barraki that had been mutated by the nearby mutagenic waters called "The Pit". The Toa, now known as Toa Mahri, faced off against the Barraki to survive. However, by the time the Toa retrieved the mask, the Great Spirit died. Realizing there was still hope, Toa Matoro rushed to the core of the universe and sacrificed his life to revive Mata Nui. In the last moments of his life, Toa Matoro used the Mask's power to teleport the Toa Mahri back to Metru Nui and allow them to breathe air again. The Great Spirit's life was saved but he still had to be awakened.

After being given new armor and weapons by Artakha, the Toa Nuva arrived at Karda Nui, the core of the universe. There, they came to face the Makuta who were trying to turn the population of Av-Matoran – Matoran of Light – into Shadow Matoran. The Toa Nuva were helped by the arrival of Takanuva, now able to control Light and Shadow because of a shadow leech attack, and Toa Ignika, who is the Mask of Life itself. The Kanohi Ignika had made a body for itself because it wished to see what it was like to be a living being. With their combined forces, they reached a structure in the center of Karda Nui called the Codrex, where Toa Ignika had to sacrifice his new body to awaken Mata Nui. Takanuva, with the help of the remaining uncorrupted Av-Matoran, returned the Shadow Matoran to their previous states. Shortly afterwards, the Toa escaped the core before the energy storm caused by Mata Nui's awakening could destroy them. The Makuta, however, failed to escape, and were all killed. Back in Metru Nui, Mata Nui's awakening was celebrated, but celebration was cut short when it was revealed that Teridax had taken over the body of Mata Nui, revealed to be the universe of the Matoran. Trapping the spirit of Mata Nui in the Mask of Life, he sent it flying into space so that the former Great Spirit cannot interfere with his control over the universe.

The Bionicle story continues after Mata Nui was banished from his body by Makuta Teridax, onto a planet called Bara Magna. With the exception of a few wildlife species, Bara Magna is a barren desert planet which only supports few resources, so each tribe on the planet has a few warriors, called Glatorian, to battle for them. These resources, such as food and water, are distributed accordingly. The villagers of this world are known as Agori. The Agori together make up six different tribes, each affiliated with a region. After the Mask of Life lands on Bara Magna, it creates a body for Mata Nui to use. Mata Nui then teams up with a few Glatorian to defeat the combined forces of the Skrall and Bone Hunters, two major threats to the villages, and look for a way to return to his body. With the help of his new Glatorian and Agori friends he exposes a traitor known as Metus and defeats the Skrall and Bone Hunters. He helps the villages of the world to unite, taking all of the giant pieces of robot and linking them into a large prototype robotic body, a body like the one the Matoran Universe resides in.

After defeating the Skrall and seeing the rest of the villages unite, Mata Nui stands against the challenge of taking back his old body from Teridax. He learns that he was created by the Great Beings on the planet of Spherus Magna, which is now divided into a jungle moon (Bota Magna), an ocean moon (Aqua Magna), and the remaining desert planet (Bara Magna), as the result of the Core War. Mata Nui also learns that before he was built, there was a previous robot, which the Agori use as their home. An Agori of Tesara named Tarduk helps Mata Nui by showing him an ancient power source that could power up the old robot.

In this final journey, two heroes return to finish the fight: Tahu, returned to his original form to wear the powerful Golden Armor, and Takanuva. They are aided by Gresh. They fight off the Skakdi Warlord, Nektann to defeat Makuta, and his army; hordes of Rahkshi, armed with heat vision; and Skrall.

The story continues as the forces of both the Matoran Universe and Glatorian face the oncoming onslaught of Skakdi, Rahkshi, and Skrall. The golden armour, scattered by Makuta's blast is collected by Tahu, Gresh, and Takanuva from the many enemies. Tahu defeats Skakdi warlord Nektann, and then dons the armour, which incinerates every Rahkshi Kraata on Bara Magna.

Teridax claims that he will destroy Bara Magna with gravitic energy, until Mata Nui forces his arm upwards, causing Teridax to send the energy wave to the moons above. Mata Nui pushes Teridax back into one of the onrushing moons, the green moon of Bota Magna, whose impact destroys his core processor, which kills Teridax. Mata Nui then mourns the brother that he could have had, in his mind.

The finale concludes when Mata Nui uses his strength, and the power of the Mask of Life, to bring Spherus Magna together once more, to heal those who were mutated by Pit Mutagen, to bring life back to the planet, and to reconstruct destroyed geographical features. The strain causes his power core to dissipate, destroying the prototype robot. When the Glatorian and Toa discover the Ignika unscathed in the location where Mata Nui was, Mata Nui speaks to them from within the Mask of Life. He tells them that the future is their own and theirs to build. He then remains dormant in the Ignika. The Agori, Matoran, Toa, Glatorian and all others begin a new life on Spherus Magna.

The Bionicle toyline drew to a close in late 2009, after the 2010 sets were finalized for release, and was replaced in the summer of 2010 by Hero Factory, a Lego theme that´s compatible with Bionicle sets. But despite this, the story is continuing in serials written by Greg Farshtey online at BIONICLEstory.com .

The Bionicle franchise has been well received, with one reviewer describing the sets as "good combination of assembly and action figure" and first-year sales of 100 million British pounds (161.7 million USD). Bionicle had received a Toy of the Year Award for Most Innovative Toy in 2001 from the Toy Industry Association.

In 2001, several Māori tribal groups from New Zealand threatened legal action against Lego for allegedly trademarking Māori words used in naming the Bionicle product range. In response, a Lego spokesperson stated that only the term "Bionicle" had been trademarked. Lego agreed to stop commercial use of the Māori language after sending an executive to meet with Māori representatives in New Zealand. Some Māori terms used by Lego were changed, such as "Huki", which was changed to "Hewkii", and "Tohunga", which was changed to "Matoran". Within the fictional Bionicle universe, these changes were explained by the introduction of a "Naming Day" holiday, in which characters who have done heroic deeds for their village are honored by having the spelling of their name changed (though the pronunciation remains the same). However, a number of Māori terms such as "Toa", which means "warrior", "Kanohi", which means "face", and "Kopaka", which means "cold", were not changed. Since this controversy, Lego has not made any more names that are common terms in other living languages (with the exception of Umbra, a Latin word, and some names that are real names in some languages).

The rapid success of Bionicle has had a major impact on the Lego company. According to Stephanie Lawrence, the global director of licensing for Lego, "We've created an evergreen franchise to complement the many event-based properties on the children's market. An increasing number of category manufacturers want to tap into the power of the BIONICLE universe, and the key for us now is to manage the excitement to stay true to the brand and the lifestyle of our core consumer." According to one source, Bionicle has changed the way children think of, and play with, LEGO products by combining "the best of LEGO building with the story telling and adventure of an action figure line," and that 85% of American boys age 6–12 know of the Bionicle brand and 45% own the toys.

Paul Hardcastle and Simon Fuller produced the first soundtracks for Bionicle's commercials used in 2001 to 2003. Music for the first three Bionicle films featured a more classical tune, rather that the techno-like beats used in the ads and animations. In 2005, the first official Bionicle songs were released. They were produced by rock band All Insane Kids and are called "Hero" and "Caught In A Dream" (the latter being used as the theme of Bionicle 3). Further down Bionicle's history, more songs were used to help advertise their sets, most of which were produced by Danish band Cryoshell, as well as songs by other artists, like "Crashed" by Daughtry and "Move Along" by The All-American Rejects.


Flora

In botany, flora (plural: floras or florae) has two meanings.

The first meaning refers Flowers ,Flower Goddess and plant life in an area or time period (especially the naturally occurring or indigenous plant life). The corresponding term for animal life is fauna.

The second meaning refers to a "book or other work" which describes the plant species in an area or time period, with the aim of allowing identification.

The term flora comes from the Latin language. Flora was the goddess of flowers in Roman mythology.

Plants are grouped into floras based on region, period, special environment, or climate. Regions can be geographically distinct habitats like mountain vs. flatland. Floras can mean plant life of an historic era as in "fossil flora".

Bacterial organisms are sometimes included in a flora . Other times, the terms "bacterial flora" and "plant flora" are used separately.














Flora (disambiguation)

Flora is plant life as distinct from animal life (fauna); or, a book or other work that describes the plant species in a particular area or region.

Flora may also refer to:

People named Flora:

Places named Flora include:

Eric Cantona

Eric Daniel Pierre Cantona (born 24 May 1966 in Marseille) is a French football player turned actor. He was one of Manchester United's greatest players. Cantona has more than 140 appearances with Manchester United. He ended his professional footballing career with the team. Cantona had earlier played for Leeds United before moving to Manchester United in 1992. He has also played for France national team from 1987 to 1994. He retired from football in 1997 and became a film actor.

198||58||20||12||colspan="2"|-||6||2||224||72
171||73||16||10||7||1||21||6||215||90
369||131||36||22||7||1||27||8||439||162

!Total||45||20

Twin town

Twin towns are towns or cities in different countries which are paired to encourage human contact and cultural links.

In Europe, the pairs of towns are called twin towns, but other languages say friendship towns or partner towns; in North America and Australasia, the towns are called sister cities. Brother cities was the name of twinned cities in the old Soviet bloc. 

Twin towns often (but not always) have similar populations, industries and other characteristics. Sometimes, even larger areas enter into "twinning" agreements, such as that between the provinces of Hainan in China and Jeju in South Korea.

The earliest form of town twinning in Europe was between the German city of Paderborn and the French city of Le Mans in 836, although this was not officially established as a modern town twinning arrangement until 1967.

Coventry, United Kingdom was the first ever city to "twin" with another city (Stalingrad, Soviet Union) and hence began the modern practice of twinning. 

After the Second World War twinning was a way to bring European people into a closer understanding of each other and to promote cross-border projects and peace. 

For example, Coventry twinned with Dresden as an act of peace and reconciliation, both cities having been heavily bombed during the war. Each twin city country is represented in a specific ward of the city and in each ward has a peace garden dedicated to that twin city. 

Another early example of town twinning dates back to 1947 when Bristol Corporation (later Bristol City Council) sent five 'leading citizens' on a goodwill mission to Hanover.
Twinning is more popular in Europe than anywhere else, but the idea has now spread to other continents.

Since 1989, the European Union has had a support scheme for town twinning. In 2003 an annual budget of about 12 million euros was given to about 1,300 projects.

The first city in North America to establish a sister city relationship was Toledo, Ohio, United States, with Toledo, Spain in 1931. In 1944, Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada twinned with the Ukrainian city of Odessa, which at the time was part of the Soviet Union. This was to show support and to help the allied port city during World War II.


Buffyverse

The Buffyverse is a fictional universe created by writer/director Joss Whedon. It is the setting used for the movie "Buffy the Vampire Slayer" (BtVS), the "BtVS" television series and the "Angel" television series. Comic books and novels based on both the Buffy and Angel television series and the Fray comic book also take place in the Buffyverse. The term Buffyverse was created by the fans of the shows and later used by Whedon as the name for his world. The term has also been used in the titles of published works.

The Buffyverse is a world where Vampires and demons exist. Many different types of fictional creatures and monsters can be found in this world. These creatures include werewolves, ghosts, trolls, and witches. It is a world where magic is used often. Most of the people in the Buffyverse do not know that these creatures live in this world or that magic exists.

The Slayer or "Chosen One" is a young girl with super-human strength, agility and stamina. It is her destiny to fight evil. When one Slayer is killed, a new girl is "chosen" to become the new Slayer. The new slayer has all of the power of the last Slayer as soon as she is chosen. The new Slayer also begins to have dreams that tell her of her future and Slayers from the past.

The first Slayer was created long before written history by a group of men who looked like Aborigine. She was created by combine her with a demon. As each Slayer is killed, the demon moves to the next slayer. It gives her the powers of the Slayer as well as the dreams of its past with the other slayers.

In the Buffyverse there are many different "dimensions" or worlds. Some are full of evil. A place where the borders between the normal world and an evil dimension are weak is called a Hellmouth. Evil in the normal world will naturally move towards a hellmouth. The area closest to a hellmouth will be home to much evil and strange circumstances.

There are two well known hellmouths in the Buffyverse. The first is located in Sunnydale, California. This is the place where the stories in "Buffy" take place. It is the largest and most powerful hellmouth in the Buffyverse. The second hellmouth is in Cleveland, Ohio. Not much is known about this hellmouth.


Loudness

Volume can mean loudness, for example, in the volume control on computers and televisions which lets you tell the unit how loud you want its sound to be. Loudness is measured in decibels (dB) and can be measured using a "decibel meter" or "sound level meter".

Atlas Mountains

The Atlas Mountains (Amazigh: Idurar n Watlas, ) are a mountain range in northwest Africa. They extend about 2,400 km (1,500 miles) through Morocco, Algeria, and Tunisia. The highest peak is Toubkal, with an elevation of 4,167 metres (13,671 ft) in southwestern Morocco. The second highest mountain is the M'Goun of 4071 meters. The southwestern part is called "Anti-Atlas".

The Atlas ranges separate the Mediterranean and Atlantic coastlines from the Sahara Desert. Most of the people living in the Atlas Mountains are part of Berber tribes in Morocco and in Algeria. 

The mountains are named after the ancient Greek Titan, Atlas. 

Genetic drift

Genetic drift is a random effect on biological populations. Its effect is to remove genetic variation from a population of living organisms.

In natural populations there are a number of forces acting. There are forces which add heritable variation to the population, such as mutation and recombination. There are also factors which remove variation from the population, and drift is one of these.

In a species, or an interbreeding population, there is usually a great deal of genetic variation. This genetic variation is in the form of different alleles at many loci (gene positions) on the chromosomes.

Changes in allele frequency are mainly caused by natural selection, that is, by differential survival, and contribution to the next generation. But as populations get smaller, there is a tendency for each generation to become more homozygous, with less variety of alleles. This is an effect similar to inbreeding: it leads to genetic uniformity.

Genetic drift is the name given to this loss of variation. It can affect evolution in surprisingly big ways, but "only when populations are quite small". What 'small' means would depend on the organism. 50 individuals is small, 5000 is not, 500 is maybe. The basic mechanism of drift is that genetic variety is reduced by chance, making the individuals more similar to each other, and hence more vulnerable.



1956 Winter Olympics

The 1956 Winter Olympics, officially known as the VII Olympic Winter Games, were held in 1956 in Cortina d'Ampezzo, Italy. This was the first time the Soviet Union played in the Olympics. They immediately showed their strength by winning more medals than any other nation.

A total of 32 nations sent athletes to Cortina d'Ampezzo. Bolivia, Iran, and the Soviet Union competed at the Winter Games for the first time. Korea, Liechtenstein, and Turkey returned after having missed the 1952 Winter Olympics. Argentina, Denmark, New Zealand, and Portugal did not compete at these Games, after participating in 1952.

Athletes from West Germany (FRG) and East Germany (GDR) competed together as the United Team of Germany at these Games, an arrangement that would continue for the next two Olympiads.


Duster

A Duster can be:


Feather duster

A feather duster is a tool used for cleaning. It consists typically of a handle and a segment made of natural or artificial feathers which form the cleaning-contact surface. It is mostly used for removing dust from surfaces.

Feather dusters use the principles of static electricity to take up small debris such as dander.

Electrostatics

Electrostatics (also known as "static electricity") is the branch of physics that deals with apparently stationary electric charges. 

Electrostatics involves the buildup of charge on the surface of objects due to contact with other surfaces. 

Although charge exchange happens whenever any two surfaces contact and separate, the effects of charge exchange are usually only noticed when at least one of the surfaces has a high resistance to electrical flow. This is because the charges that transfer to or from the highly resistive surface are more or less trapped there for a long enough time for their effects to be observed. 

These charges then remain on the object until they either bleed off to the ground or are quickly neutralized by a discharge: e.g., the familiar phenomenon of a static 'shock' is caused by the neutralization of charge built up in the body from contact with non-conductive surfaces. 







Coat of arms of the Dominican Republic

The coat of arms of the Dominican Republic, as described by Article 96 of the Dominican Constitution, has a shield supported by an olive branch (left) and a palm leaf (right); above the shield, a blue ribbon displays the national motto: "Dios, Patria, Libertad" ("God, Fatherland, Freedom"). Below the shield, there is a red ribbon with the words "República Dominicana" ("Dominican Republic").

In the center of the shield there is an opened Bible with a small cross above it, and on each side flanked by three spears, two of them holding Dominican flags. The Constitution does not specify in what page should be opened the Bible; only that is the "Book of Gospels, opened". In fact, only the 1916 Constitution said "opened in John, Chapter XIII" but that constitution was not valid because of the occupation of the country by United States.

The National Flag of Dominican Republic has a small coat of arms in the center of the white cross.

The first Dominican coat of arms was created by the first Dominican Constitution of 6 November 1844 but it was frequently changed until 1913; sometimes, two different coats of arms were used at the same time.

The official Dominican coat of arms, or "Great Seal of the Nation", was established in 1913, when Adolfo Nouel was the President of the Dominican Republic.

Eustis, Florida

Eustis is a city in Lake County, Florida, United States. Its population as of 2020 is 23,189.


Fort Walton Beach, Florida

Fort Walton Beach is a city in Okaloosa County, Florida, United States. As of 2020, the population was 20,922.


Supercell

A supercell is a strong type of thunderstorm with a thick, rotating updraft (a mesocyclone). Supercell thunderstorms are the largest, most dangerous type of thunderstorms. There are really only two types of thunderstorms: supercell and ordinary, but some have four classifications: single-cell, multi-cell, squall line, and supercell.



Kathleen Blanco

Kathleen Babineaux Blanco (December 15, 1942 – August 18, 2019) was an American politician. She served as Governor of Louisiana from 2004 through 2008 until being replaced by Bobby Jindal. She was born in New Iberia, Louisiana. Blanco is a member of the Democratic Party.

In December 2017, Blanco was diagnosed with an incurable form of uveal melanoma and liver cancer. On April 19, 2019, it was announced that she was in hospice care. Blanco died on August 18, 2019 under hospice care in Lafayette, Louisiana at the age of 76.

Armenian hypothesis

The Armenian hypothesis suggests that the Proto-Indo-European languages was spoken in the Armenian Highland in the 3rd millennium BC. Scholars Tamaz Gamkrelidze and Vyacheslav Vsevolodovich Ivanov place the homeland in Armenia.



Wilsonian Armenia

Wilsonian Armenia is used for the borders that were drawn by Woodrow Wilson at the Treaty of Sèvres. The area was to the north and to the west side of Trabzon Province to provide the DRA an area to the Black Sea. The Armenian national fight for "Western Armenia" being somewhat part of the newly established Turkish republic dropped from the table.


Yasuo Fukuda

Yasuo Fukuda () (born 16 July 1936) was Prime Minister of Japan from 2007 to 2008. He was born in Gunma, Japan. The prime minister before him was Shinzo Abe. He hosted the G8 meeting in Hokkaido in July 2008, but resigned on September 1, 2008, due to low approval ratings and political deadlock. He was succeeded by Taro Aso.

Mercenary

Mercenaries are soldiers who fight for money, rather than for their country, political/religious beliefs, or other benefits.

Mercenaries are a very old phenomenon. They are mentioned in the Old Testament, and King David had a bodyguard of Cretan and Philistine mercenaries. They are also mentioned in the Iliad, specifically the Myrmidons who fought in the Trojan War (12th century BC).

The Carthaginians often used mercenaries. The so-called Free Companies in the Middle Ages were mercenary companies of rogue knights and archers. The Japanese "ronin" were mercenary samurai. 

For many years in the Middle Ages, soldiers from Switzerland fought battles for whoever paid them. The popes would hire soldiers from Switzerland to fight for them. The Swiss Guard is all that is left of Switzerland's mercenary tradition, but it is no longer a mercenary force because all its members are Catholic, and they are prepared to fight not for their country but for their beliefs. 

Soldiers of professional volunteer armies, like the US Army, are not considered as mercenaries since they fight for their country and fatherland. Likewise, foreign volunteers in standing armies, such as French Foreign Legion, are not considered as mercenaries since they are loyal to the country that they serve. However, various private military contractors are considered as mercenaries. 


Kere

Kere ( or Kerey) is a lake in Kazakhstan, in Akmola Province. Its area is 63.8 square kilometres. It is about 10 km south of Lake Tengiz.

Jean-Pierre Jeunet

Jean-Pierre Jeunet (born 3 September 1953 in Roanne, Loire, France) is a French movie director.

Jean-Pierre Jeunet bought his first camera at the age of 17 and made short movies while studying animation at Cinémation Studios. He made friends with Marc Caro. Caro was a designer and comic book artist. Caro worked on many of Jeunet's movies with him.

Together, Jeunet and Caro directed award-winning animations. Their first live-action movie was "The Bunker of the Last Gunshots" (1981). It was a short movie about soldiers in a futuristic world. Jeunet also directed numerous television advertisements and music videos.

Jeunet and Caro's first full-length movie was "Delicatessen" (1991). It was a black comedy set in a famine-plagued future. Next came "The City of Lost Children" (1995). It was a dark fantasy movie with a story about a doctor who kidnaps children in order to steal their dreams.

Because "The City of Lost Children" was well liked, Jeunet was asked to direct the fourth movie in the Alien series - "" (1997). Though not well received by critics, "Alien: Resurrection" turned a profit at the box office.

Jeunet returned to France after making "Alien: Resurrection". The fact that he had made a Hollywood movie gave him freedom on his next movie, "Amélie". "Amélie" is lighter and more romantic than his earlier movies. This story was a huge success worldwide. It was nominated for several Academy Awards. For this movie he also got an European Film Award for Best Director.

In 2004, Jeunet released "A Very Long Engagement". It is based on the novel by Sebastien Japrisot. The movie is set after World War I. It is about a woman (played by Audrey Tautou) looking for her missing lover.



Graham Yost

Graham John Yost (born September 5, 1959) is a Canadian movie and television screenwriter. His most famous works are the 1994 movie "Speed", "Broken Arrow", and "Hard Rain". Yost did not write the dialog for "Speed". The dialog was written by Joss Whedon.

He has also written for the television series "Herman's Head", "Band of Brothers", and "Boomtown". More recently, he is the creator of the NBC drama "Raines" starring Jeff Goldblum that premiered on March 15, 2007.

Yost won an Emmy award for his part in the mini-series "From the Earth to the Moon" and for his involvement in "The Pacific". Graham also won a Golden Globe for his work on HBO miniseries, "Band of Brothers". Graham was one of the writers for the show.

Longboat

A longboat was an open boat used on-board ships during the age of the sailing ships. The original name was 'Shallop' but was changed to longboat in the 18th century. A ship or vessel would carry several ship's boats for various uses. The most important would be a longboat, an open boat to be rowed by up to eight or ten . The longboat had rowing benches designed for up to two men to an oar. A longboat was designed for use in rough water and could be rigged for sails. 

One of its main uses was as a pulling boat. Another was to . When a ship was at anchor, longboats carried people and supplies between ship and shore.

Jarrow

Jarrow is a town in England. It has 27,000 people.

Romans had set up a fort near Jarrow in the 1st century. Later in the 5th century, Anglo-Saxons occupied the location. It is not well known when Jarrow was first built. The name of "Jarrow" has been used from 750. The monastery of St Paul is the sister monastery of Monkwearmouth in Sunderland.

Jarrow is part of the Metropolitan Borough of South Tyneside.

1952 Winter Olympics

The 1952 Winter Olympics, officially known as the VI Olympic Winter Games, were held in 1952 in Oslo, Norway.

A total of 30 nations sent athletes to compete at these Games, which was the highest number to that date. This was the first time New Zealand and Portugal participated in the Winter Olympic Games. Australia, Germany, and Japan returned, after having missed the 1948 Winter Olympics. Korea, Liechtenstein, and Turkey did not participate in 1952, after having competed in 1948.



1940 Summer Olympics

The 1940 Summer Olympics, officially known as Games of the XII Olympiad, were not held.

The games were planned for Tokyo in Japan, but the Japanese organizers withdrew in 1938 because of the Second Sino-Japanese War.

In 1938, the International Olympic Committee decided to hold the games at Helsinki in Finland.

The games were cancelled because of World War II.


1936 Winter Olympics

The 1936 Winter Olympics, officially known as the IV Olympic Winter Games, were held in 1936 in the town of Garmisch-Partenkirchen in Bavaria, Germany. Germany also hosted the Summer Olympics the same year in Berlin.

28 nations sent athletes to compete in Germany, to date the largest number at a Winter Games. Australia, Bulgaria, Greece, Liechtenstein, Spain, and Turkey all made their Winter Olympic debut in Garmisch-Partenkirchen, and Estonia, Latvia, the Netherlands, and Yugoslavia all returned to the Games after having missed the 1932 Winter Olympics.



Atlas (anatomy)

In anatomy, the atlas is the top "cervical vertebra" (neck bones) of the spine. In anatomy, the "atlas" is written (C1) for short.

It is named for the Atlas of mythology, because it supports the head in the same way as Atlas held the world on his shoulders. 

The "atlas" connects to a vertebra called the . Together they form the joint connecting the skull to the rest of the spine. The "atlas" and "axis" are different in shape from all the other vertebrae. They have more movement. They allow the head to nod and to rotate (turn).

Vertebra

Vertebrae (singular: vertebra) are the individual irregular bones that make up the spinal column ("aka" ischis) – a flexuous and flexible column.
There are normally thirty-three (33) vertebrae in humans, including the five that are fused to form the sacrum (the others are separated by intervertebral discs) and the four coccygeal bones which form the "tailbone".
The upper three regions comprise the remaining 24, and are grouped under the names "cervical" (7 vertebrae), "thoracic" (12 vertebrae) and "lumbar" (5 vertebrae), according to the regions they occupy. Each vertebra has a hole through which the spinal cord passes. 


1928 Winter Olympics

The 1928 Winter Olympics, officially known as the II Olympic Winter Games, were held in 1928 in St. Moritz, Switzerland. The 1928 Games were the first true "Winter Olympics" held on its own and not as a part of a "Summer Olympics". The preceding 1924 Winter Olympics were later renamed as Winter Olympics. They were actually part of the 1924 Summer Olympics. All preceding Winter Events of the Olympic Games were the winter sports part of the schedule of the Summer Games, and not as a separate Winter Games.

Athletes from 25 nations competed at these Games, up from 16 in 1924. This was the first time many countries attended the Winter Olympic Games, including Argentina, Estonia, Germany, Japan, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Mexico, the Netherlands, and Romania.



Local government in England

For the purposes of local government, England has been divided into different levels. In some places there are four levels of administrative divisions. Different laws have created alternative types of administrative division. The pattern is different in Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland.

At the top level, England is divided into nine regions. Each one containing one or more county-level areas. The regions were created in 1994 and since the 1999 Euro-elections have been used as England's European Parliament constituencies. London was the first region with any devolved power in the form of an elected mayor and the Greater London Authority. Other regions now have elected mayors, but their powers are not all the same. The regions also vary greatly in their areas and their populations.

England is divided by the Lieutenancies Act 1997 into areas for the appointment of Lord Lieutenants, who are historically the Crown's representative in a county. Although not actually defined as such, these areas have become known as ceremonial counties. These counties are often used by people when describing where they live in England. However, many are not used as local government areas themselves, as many are too large or include large urban areas. They are taken into consideration though when drawing up Parliamentary constituency boundaries for example.

For administrative purposes, England is divided into four types of county-level subnational entities used for local governance.

There are six metropolitan counties, divided into metropolitan boroughs, which cover large urban areas outside London. They were created in 1974. In 1986 their county councils were abolished.

The "shire counties" were also created in 1974 and are legally known as non-metropolitan counties. They are divided into non-metropolitan districts and cover much of the country, though mainly the rural areas.

Unitary authorities were created in the 1990s and are single-tier authorities which combine the functions of county and district councils. They are defined either as counties consisting of a single district or districts of a county such as Berkshire that has no county council. The Isle of Wight is the exception, being a county council with no districts.

Greater London was created in 1965 and is sometimes considered as a metropolitan county but it is not defined as such. It is divided into the City of London and London boroughs.

Districts in England may also have the status of borough, city or royal borough.

The metropolitan counties were divided into metropolitan districts which are usually called boroughs. When the county councils were abolished the metropolitan districts gained much of their powers and therefore function similar to other unitary authorities.

Shire counties are divided into non-metropolitan districts. Power is shared with the county council, but shared differently to the metropolitan counties when first created.

The civil parish is the most local unit of government in England. Under the legislation that created Greater London, they are not permitted within its boundary. Not all of the rest of England has parishes, though the number of parishes and total area parished is growing.

The following are exceptions to the general arrangements for local government in England and as a consequence are separately listed in legislation from the above types of local authorities where functions are allocated to particular groups of local authorities.

In Greater London, the 32 London borough councils have a status close to that of unitary authorities, but there is also a higher strategic tier, the Greater London Authority, which oversees some of the functions performed elsewhere by Counties including transport, policing, the fire brigade and also economic development.

As well as the same general functions performed by the surrounding London boroughs, the City of London has others which make it distinct from most local authorities, including extraterritorial possessions (such as Hampstead Heath and Queens Park recreation ground in Kilburn) and services (including veterinary services at Heathrow Airport and domestic asbestos disposal) elsewhere in Greater London.

Inner Temple and Middle Temple are small liberties within the boundary of the City of London which function as their own local authorities.

The Isles of Scilly have a local authority, the Isles of Scilly Council, which is similar to a unitary authority found in the rest of England.

A referendum was held in North East England on November 4, 2004 to see whether people there wished to have an elected regional assembly. As part of the referendum, voters were to have been asked to choose which system of unitary authorities they would like to see in the existing county council areas if the regional assembly was approved. In the event, the vote in the North East was a decisive "no", so nothing happened.

Similar referendums in North West England and Yorkshire and the Humber were postponed indefinitely: on 8 November 2004 the Deputy Prime Minister announced "I will not therefore be bringing forward orders for referendums in either the North West, or Yorkshire and the Humber". *Statement by Deputy Prime Minister Shortly afterwards Greater Manchester was given extra powers

Most of the proposed changes would have required no change in the county level entitles, as they could have been be implemented by merging districts and abolition of the county council. Where borders were crossed, however, changes would have been needed. This impacted Lancashire, where various parts were proposed for combination with Blackpool and Blackburn with Darwen (both unitaries), Sefton (in Merseyside), Wigan (in Greater Manchester), and southern Cumbria; it also affects one proposal for North Yorkshire, which would have merged the district of Selby with the East Riding of Yorkshire. Few of the boundary changes would have involved creating new borders - only the proposals to combine Blackpool with parts of Wyre, and to split West Lancashire between Wigan and Sefton would do this.

On 27 March, 2007, Local Government Minister Phil Woolas announced that sixteen councils bidding for unitary status had been short listed to go forward for public consultation. On 26 July, 2007 Woollas' successor John Healey announced that nine proposals would proceed, subject to the approval of Parliament in the Local Government and Public Involvement in Health Bill (LGPIH). The Government expected those approved for implementation to be fully operational by April 2009. The short-listed proposals were those made by:

[*] - the Boundary Committee is asked to advise whether an alternative unitary proposal for Norwich based on revised council boundaries could deliver the required improvements.

[**] - if Bedford Borough Council’s proposals are implemented other authorities in Bedfordshire including Bedfordshire County Council will be invited to propose a unitary solution for the remaining area of Bedfordshire.


1928 Summer Olympics

The 1928 Summer Olympics, officially known as the Games of the IX Olympiad, were held at Amsterdam in the Netherlands. 
The games were thought to be a success. Half of the expense of the games was covered by the Dutch government.

A total of 46 nations were represented at the Amsterdam Games. Malta, Panama, and Rhodesia (now Zimbabwe) competed at the Olympic Games for the first time. Germany returned after having been banned in 1920 and 1924.



1924 Winter Olympics

The 1924 Winter Olympics, officially known as the I Olympic Winter Games, were held in 1924 in Chamonix, Haute-Savoie, Europe (FRANCE) between 30 January and 2 February 1922. At first, the games were called "Semaine Internationale des Sports d'Hiver" ("International Winter Sports Week") and were held as part of the 1924 Summer Olympics. It was later decided by the International Olympic Committee (IOC) that the Games would be called the I Olympic Winter Games. Russia won the four man bobsled.

Athletes from 16 nations competed in the first Winter Olympic Games.


Realism

Realism is a way of portraying or thinking about reality. The word "realism" is used in many liberal arts in many different ways (such as in music, painting, and philosophy). It usually means trying to be true to reality. This is where the word "realistic" comes from. Realism is usually seen as an opposite of romanticism and idealism. It is also sometimes seen as an opposite of liberalism and classicism. It is used mainly to describe the way that some artists treat making art. These artists try to focus on the world as it really is, without unrealistic or supernatural ideas.

Realism began as an art movement and in the 19th century. These realists wanted to give an accurate description of nature and of the way people lived. Realism can also apply to artists and artworks from before the 19th century though.

The word "realism" first appeared in 1794, as the opposite of idealism in art and philosophy. The French magazine () used the word in 1826. It said that realism was the art-style of being accurate to real life, rather than following art of the past. Around this same time, realism was thought to have been one of the styles of philosophy within scholasticism. Then in the 1840s, realism began as an art movement in France. It focused on realistic modern life without avoiding what was unpleasant. It also focused on the lower or middle classes.

In music there was a movement called Verismo which was the Italian word for "reality". Verismo was popular in Italian opera around the end of the 19th century and early 20th century. Puccini was an opera composer whose style is typical of Verismo.

In politics, realism focuses on conflict and the harsher parts of history.

Realism as a literary movement began in Germany. The poet and writer Heinrich Heine tried in his books to accept the world as it is instead of trying to escape from it. Realistic writers tried to find good things about society. The interest in realism led to a movement called naturalism. This meant describing scenes in nature accurately. The novelist Emile Zola was a naturalist.

In philosophy, realism is also a way of thinking about knowledge and reality. It is usually the view that a particular thing is real whether or not it is known about. In fact, one person can be a realist about some things and a non-realist about other things. For example, some realists say that the past really happened no matter what we think about it. Other realist philosophers say that there are morals that really exist as facts. This is different from philosophers who say that things only exist because of people who are aware of them. For example, a non-realist philosopher might say beauty only exists because someone sees something that they think is beautiful. A realist philosopher might instead say that beauty is there whether anyone sees it or not.

The term social realism describes an art form in America in the 1930s which expressed social protest in a naturalistic way. This is different from what is usually called socialist realism which was a term used by Soviet politicians from 1932 to the mid 1980s to describe art which showed the workers' struggle, glorifying the Soviet Union.

In the early 20th century Realism led to other movements such as Dadaism and Surrealism.

Ridge (meteorology)

A ridge is a stretched out area of high atmospheric pressure compared to normal recorded pressures. It is also the opposite of a trough.


Hurricane Hunters

Hurricane Hunters are special aircraft that fly into or around a tropical cyclone to gather information (or data). Hurricane Hunters are only used to study tropical cyclones in the northern Atlantic Ocean and northeastern Pacific Ocean.


St. Vincent Island (Florida)

St. Vincent Island, Florida is one of a group of islands that is located in the Floridan Gulf Coast.


Phencyclidine

Phencyclidine (a shortened version of the chemical name "phenylcyclohexylpiperidine"), usually called PCP, is an illegal drug. PCP is called a hallucinogenic drug: it causes people to hallucinate, and see, hear, and sense things that are not real. PCP is neurotoxic. It causes changes to the brain that can leave permanent damage. Before people started using PCP as an illegal drug, it was used as an anesthetic.

PCP is a white powder, made of tiny crystals. It dissolves easily in water or alcohol. PCP has many slang or 'street names'; the most common is "angel dust". Other slang names for PCP are angel hair, angel mist, aurora borealis, black whack, crystal, cyclones, devil dust, dummy dust, embalming fluid, hallucinogen, horse tranquilizer, jet fuel, magic dust, rocket fuel, or star dust. PCP is sometimes mixed with marijuana and called love boat or killer weed. PCP can also be mixed with crack; this is called "space basing". Cigarettes can also be dipped in PCP; this is called a sherm.

PCP was created after World War II as a surgical anesthetic. It worked well, but there were serious side effects: hallucinations, jumbled speech, and delirium. Around the mid-to-late 1960s, the drug sprang up on the streets of San Francisco as a "Peace Pill." People soon realized that it was a very dangerous drug. In the San Francisco area, the use of PCP died out before the 1970s. At the same time, the drug was becoming more common in New York, and it spread quickly there. However, its use in this area died out, like in San Francisco. The United States made it illegal to use PCP for any reason, or to make the drug, because of its serious effects.

People can have many different effects from using PCP. The drug can affect the central nervous system (the brain and major nerves). This can cause many changes in the brain and body.


PCP often causes major changes in what a person senses (what he feels, sees, hears, smells, or tastes). For example:

PCP can also cause people to have a lot of energy, feel and act stronger than usual, and not feel pain.

PCP can be eaten, snorted, injected (shot into the body using a needle), or smoked. A person can take a low, medium, or high dose of PCP, and he will have different effects depending on which dose he takes. Low doses can cause a person to feel euphoric (very happy), relaxed, numb, detached from his own body, anxious, or confused. At low doses, people can also have sensory distortions (changes in how they hear, see, taste, smell, or feel things); amnesia (where the person cannot remember things normally); speech which does not make sense; blurred vision; or a blank stare. Medium doses can cause confusion, agitation, analgesia (not feeling pain), fever, excessive salivation, and "schizophrenic-type" behavior. High doses can cause seizures, respiratory failure (where the breathing systems in the body stop working), coma, fever, stroke, or death.

People who use PCP can get physically or psychologically (mentally) addicted to the drug. If an addicted person suddenly stops taking PCP, he will get withdrawal symptoms, like diarrhea, chills, and tremors (uncontrollable shaking in part of the body). In the brain, PCP affects multiple neurotransmitter systems. (Neurotransmitters are chemical messengers in the brain.) For example, it keeps the brain from getting rid of extra dopamine, norepinephrine, and serotonin. These are all very important neurotransmitters in the brain. PCP can also affect some types of opioid receptors in the brain. It also inhibits (or blocks) the action of glutamate by blocking NMDA (N-methyl d-aspartate) receptors. Prescription drugs like diazepam (Valium), haloperidol (Haldol), and phentolamine may be used to help manage some of PCP's effects.

Philodendron

Philodendron ("tree lover") is a large genus of the Arum family, Araceae. Currently, about 900 different species are known. The plants are evergreen flowering plants. Some of them are vines, some can grow as epiphytes. Most of them grow like bushes. They can reach a height of about 6 meters.

Very often, "Philodendron" are grown as houseplants. They grow quickly, and are easy to care for. Sometimes "Monstera" are still called "Philodendron". That plant is very similar.

"Philodendron" are sometime grown because they can neutralise some poisons commonly found indoors, most notably formaldehyde, carbon monoxide and benzene.

Sagittarius

Sagittarius could mean:

Sagittarius (astrology)

Sagittarius is the astrological Zodiac sign that represents the constellation Sagittarius. Sagittarius is from November 22 to December 17. The opposite sign to Sagittarius is Gemini, which is from May 21 to June 20. 

In mythology Sagittarius is related to Greek myth of a centaur.
myths also says that the constellation Sagittarius represents chiron because of his responsible actions unlike all the other sagittarians.

In astrology Sagittarius is ruled by the planet Jupiter.

Shell Oil Company

Shell Oil Company is the United States-based subsidiary of Royal Dutch Shell. Its parent is a multinational oil company ("oil major") of Anglo Dutch origins. Royal Dutch Shell is one of the largest oil companies in the world. About 22,000 Shell employees are based in the United States The head office in the United States is in Houston, Texas. Shell Oil Company, including its related companies, is one of the US’s largest oil and natural gas producers, natural gas marketers, gasoline marketers and petrochemical manufacturers.

Shell has approximately 25,000 Shell-branded gas stations in the US. They are Shell's most visible public presence. Shell also owns the Jiffy Lube chain of auto oil change stores. Since 1998, Shell Oil Company is a 50/50 partner with the Saudi Arabian government-owned oil company Saudi Aramco in Motiva Enterprises. Motiva is refining and marketing joint venture which owns and operates three oil refineries on the Gulf Coast of the United States. Motiva also operates 8,000 Shell-branded gas stations in the eastern and southern United States. Shell also used to hold 80% of an exploration firm called Pecten that explores and drills in various offshore locations including the oil basin near Douala, Cameroon. It sold the 80% to Addax Petroleum on 31 October 2011.


Noble Energy

Noble Energy, Inc. () of Houston, Texas is the modern name of Noble Affiliates Inc., by which it was known through the 1990s, and it is now an oil and natural gas exploration and production company with almost US$3 billion in income at #660 on the 2007 Fortune 1000 list of the largest American companies.

In 1985, Noble Affiliates started its subsidiary Noble Drilling Corporation () to shareholders, and that company in turn went public by the early 1990s, and then became Noble Corporation, an S&P 500 company.

In South America, the company operates in Argentina and Ecuador. In Africa, Noble Energy operates in Equatorial Guinea. And in Eurasia, it operates in the Mediterranean Sea, the North Sea and China.

PCP

PCP could mean:

In politics:
In science:
Other:

Pakenham railway line

The Pakenham Railway Line is a Railway in Melbourne, Victoria. It has 25 stations. It was run by M-Train until April 17, 2004, where Connex took over all Melbourne rail services.

Bold stations are places where trains end their journeys, "italic" stations have staff there to help people.

Branches from Frankston line at Caulfield station.


The Traralgon regional line follows on from this line.

Austrian Empire

The Austrian Empire was an empire that lasted in Europe from 1804 to 1867. The empire was centered on present-day Austria and was a remnant of the Holy Roman Empire which collapsed on 1806. The last Holy Roman Emperor, Francis II, became Francis I of Austria and was succeeded by Ferdinand I of Austria and finally Franz Joseph I of Austria. 

In 1867 the Austrian Empire was succeeded by Austria-Hungary, which ended in 1918, defeated in World War I. Parts of it are now in Austria, Hungary, Czech Republic,Slovakia, Romania, Slovenia, Croatia, and Italy.

Pilot fish

The pilot fish ("Naucrates ductor") is a fish that lives in many places of the world. They live in warm water. They eat parasites on larger fish. 

Pilot fish usually gather around sharks (also rays and sea turtles). They eat parasites on their host, and small pieces of food that their host does not eat (leftovers). When pilot fish are young, they gather around jellyfish and drifting seaweeds.

Pilot fish follow sharks because other animals which might eat them will not come near a shark. In return, sharks do not eat pilot fish because pilot fish eat their parasites. This is called a "mutualist" relationship. Small pilot fish are often seen swimming into the mouth of a shark to eat small pieces of food from the shark's teeth. Sailors even said that sharks and pilot fish act like close friends. When a ship captured "their" shark, the pilot fish followed the ship. Some people reported that the pilot fish would follow the ship for up to six weeks. And they do show signs of distress in the absence of their shark.

They are also known to follow ships, sometimes for long distances: many pilot fish have been sighted on the shores of England.

The pilot fish has a dark blue to blackish-silver colour, and are slightly lighter in colour underneath. They have between five and seven dark stripes going from top to bottom. When the fish is excited, these stripes disappear, and three large blue patches appear on its back. The pilot fish is usually about 30 cm long, but sometimes they can be as big as 70cm.

The pilot fish will not hurt people, and they are said to be good to eat. They are difficult to catch, though.



Bălţi

Bălţi is the third-largest city in the country of Moldova. It is the major city in the northern part of the country. During the Russian Empire (1812-1917), and later the Soviet era (1940-1990) the name was also spelled Beltsy, from its form in Russian. The city is north of the capital Chişinău, on the small river Răut, a branch of the Dniester (Nistru). It is located on a hilly landscape that, in the Middle Ages, was covered with forest. This forest has since been almost entirely cut down.

Floyd Landis

Floyd Landis (born October 14, 1975) is an American road racing cyclist, now best remembered because of the Tour de France 2006 doping scandal. He is a time-trial specialist and a strong climber.

Landis turned professional in 1999 with the Mercury Cycling Team. He joined the US Postal Service team in 2002, and moved to the Phonak Hearing Systems team in 2005.

Landis was fired from the Phonak team on 5 August 2006. The doping test after stage 17 of the 2006 Tour de France showed he had a very high testosterone/epitestosterone "ratio". The rules say that for every one unit of one chemical he should have four unites of the other (a 4 to one (4:1) ratio). Landis's test showed a ratio of 11:1.

Landis appealed to the USA Cycling and saying the tests were not done properly. USA Cycling asked three people from the United States Anti-Doping Agency (USADA) to study Landis's claims. On 20 September 2007 that group voted 2 to 1 against him. Landis was stripped of his title as winner of the 2006 Tour de France by the UCI, and banned from professional racing for two years. 
Under UCI rules, the cyclist's national federation, in this case USA Cycling decides if the rules have been broken, but because of the science involved they asked the United States Anti-Doping Agency (USADA) to help.

Floyd Landis was born in Farmersville, Lancaster County, Pennsylvania.

Landis was brought up a Mennonite, and rode his first races wearing sweatpants because his religion forbade wearing shorts; he won anyway. Landis' father, is a devout Mennonite, and tried to stop him from racing his bike by giving him extra chores. He had no time to train during the day, so he would sneak out of the house at night to train, sometimes at 1 or 2 a.m. and often in the freezing cold. His father, found that Floyd had been going out at night and often followed him at a distance to make sure he was not getting into trouble. Today, Floyd Landis's father is a supporter of his son and says he is one of Floyd's biggest fans.

Before the 2006 Tour de Francemost people thought the winner would be either Ivan Basso or Jan Ullrich, who finished second and third respectively in the 2005 tour. Days before the race, the Operación Puerto doping case forced Basso and Ullrich to withdraw, and Landis became one of the favourites to win

Landis performance up to Stage 16 of the Tour de France and his comeback in Stage 17 is surprising because of his hip ailment, called osteonecrosis, which was revealed in an article in "The New York Times" during the 2006 Tour de France. This means he was in constant pain.

On July 27, 2006 the Phonak Cycling Team said Floyd Landis had a urine test come back positive, having an unusually high ratio of the hormone testosterone to the hormone epitestosterone (T/E ratio) after Stage 17. Landis denied having doped. Phonak stated that he would be dismissed should the backup sample also test positive. It did, and Landis was suspended from professional cycling and dismissed from his team. Landis's personal physician later disclosed that the test had found a T/E ratio of 11:1 in Landis, far above the maximum allowable ratio of 4:1.

The tests were done by French government's anti-doping clinical laboratory, the National Laboratory for Doping Detection (LNDD)which is part of the Ministry of Youth, Sport, and Social Life, and is and is accredited by the World Anti-Doping Agency (WADA).)

On May 14, 2007 a meeting began between the USADA and Landis about the doping allegations. On September 20, 2007, the arbitrators found Landis guilty of doping.

As Landis forfeited his Tour title, the second place rider, Óscar Pereiro, became the race's official winner. Landis has also been banned from the sport for two years, dated retroactively to January 2007.

Landis's former team, Phonak has already been disbanded

The USADA had more B samples taken during the Tour de France 2006 examined. After Landis's attempts to prevent these tests had failed, traces of exogenous testosterone were found in several samples in a test of seven samples. These confirmation tests were done at the same French lab Landis's team was trying to discredit for the first positive results.

Landis did race in France in 2007 so that the appeal could be decided in the United States first. If the raced in France they may start their own investigation because doping is illegal in France.

Among Landis's lawyers are José Maria Buxeda of Spain and Howard L. Jacobs of the United States. Buxeda represented Roberto Heras when he was suspended for two years after testing positive for doping. Jacobs has also defended athletes accused of doping, such as cyclist Tyler Hamilton and sprinter Tim Montgomery. They are also representing Kazakh cyclist Alexandre Vinokourov who was accused of blood doping, kicked out of the 2007 Tour de France, and fired from his cycling team.

On September 20, 2007 Landis was found guilty of doping by a 2-1 vote of the hearing committee. The committee said that there were mistakes testing the sample so they will not say that there was a high amount of the natural chemical testosterone. But the committee did say was proof of artificial testosterone and that 

Landis does have the right to appeal the decision of the committee to the Court of Arbitration for Sport.









Óscar Pereiro

Óscar Pereiro is a cyclist from Spain. He was born on 3 August 1977. He came second in the 2006 Tour de France. On 20 September 2007 he was declared the winner because Floyd Landis was found guilty of doping.


Hawksbill sea turtle

The hawksbill sea turtle or hawksbill turtle ("Eretmochelys imbricata") is an endangered species of turtle. 

It is mostly seen in shallow lagoons and coral reefs where its food is. It is smaller than the Australian flatback turtle: it is usually a little more than two feet long. It usually weighs about 150 pounds. It has the most pointed beak among sea turtles, which is how it gets its name. The hawksbill gets food from inside coral reefs, eating sponges, shrimp, squid, and other invertebrates. The hawksbill pointy beak helps the turtle get food out of the tiny cracks and holes in which it searches.

Though they are sometimes seen in American waters, hawksbill turtles almost always nest in the warmer climates that run along the equator. Because people use the shell to make jewelry and other things, the hawksbill turtle is endangered.

1924 Summer Olympics

The 1924 Summer Olympics, officially known as the Games of the VIII Olympiad, were held at Paris in France.

The games were thought to be successful, but costly. The events were well attended.

A total of 44 nations sent athletes to compete at the Paris games.

Germany was not invited to participate.



1906 Summer Olympics

The 1906 Summer Olympics, also called the 1906 Intercalated Games, were held in Athens, Greece.

These games are not awarded the title of "Olympiad" because they were held between the III and IV Olympiads. Medals were given to the participants during these games, but the medals are not officially recognised by the International Olympic Committee.

Athletes from 20 nations took part in the St. Louis games. 


2012 Summer Olympics

The 2012 Summer Olympic Games, officially known as the Games of the XXX Olympiad, were held in London, United Kingdom from 27 July to 12 August 2012, followed by the 2012 Paralympic Games from 29 August to 9 September.

London became the first city to host the modern Olympic Games three times; London also hosted the 1908 Summer Olympics and the 1948 Summer Olympics.

By the bid submission deadline of 15 July 2003, nine cities had submitted bids to host the 2012 Olympics. These cities were Havana, Istanbul, Leipzig, London, Madrid, Moscow, New York, Paris, and Rio de Janeiro.

On 18 May 2004 the International Olympic Committee (IOC) reduced the number of cities to five: London, Madrid, Moscow, New York, and Paris.

The IOC inspection team visited the five candidate cities during February and March 2005.

On 6 June 2005, the International Olympic Committee released its evaluation reports for the five candidate cities. Although these reports did not contain any scores or rankings, the evaluation report for Paris was seen as the most positive, followed closely by London.

During the process, many thought Paris was most likely to win the nomination, largely because this was its third bid in recent years. In late August 2004, reports came out predicting a London and Paris tie in the 2012 bid.

On 6 July 2005, London was announced as the winner of the bid at the Raffles City Convention Centre in Singapore.

Athletes from 204 National Olympic Countries took part. In addition, four individual athletes competed under the Olympic flag—one from South Sudan and three from the region of the former Netherlands Antilles

Listed below are NOCs who have qualified at least one athlete. As of 7 June 2011, 101 nations have qualified at least one athlete.




The 2012 Summer Olympics event has 26 sports. 
The International Olympic Committee executive board met on 13 August 2009 and approved the addition of women's boxing. The International Boxing Federation proposed that 40 athletes compete in five different weight classes.



The official motto for the 2012 Summer Olympics is "Inspire a generation". It was chosen to highlight the organiser's commitment to inspire the world to get involved in sporting events through the olympic games' legacy.

The official mascots for the Olympics and Paralympic Games were revealed in May 2010. They were called Wenlock and Mandeville.

The 2012 Olympics had many sponsors. Some of the most popular ones are McDonald's, Acer, Samsung, Coca-Cola, Adidas, and Panasonic.


1952 Summer Olympics

The 1952 Summer Olympics, officially known as the Games of the XV Olympiad, were held at Helsinki in Finland.

Helsinki was chosen as the host city over Amsterdam, Athens, Lausanne, and Stockholm and five American cities: Chicago, Detroit, Los Angeles, Minneapolis and Philadelphia. Helsinki had been given the 1940 Summer Olympics, but they were cancelled because of World War II.

A total of 69 nations sent athletes to compete at the Helsinki games.





1948 Summer Olympics

The 1948 Summer Olympics, officially known as the Games of the XIV Olympiad, were held at London in the United Kingdom. 

These were the first Summer Olympics to be held since the 1936 Summer Olympics in Berlin, because no Games were held during World War II.

In part, the games were thought to be a success because the Organizing Committee did not go into debt. The final financial report showed a ₤29,000 profit.

A total of 59 nations sent athletes to compete at the London Games.


1944 Summer Olympics

The 1944 Summer Olympics, officially known as the Games of the XIII Olympiad, were not held.

The games were cancelled because of World War II. They would have been held in London, England, which won the bid in the June 1939 International Olympic Committee election, over Rome, Detroit, Lausanne, Athens, Budapest, Helsinki and Montreal. 

London hosted the next Olympic Games, the 1948 Summer Olympics, awarded without an election.

In spite of the war, the IOC had many events at its headquarters in Lausanne, Switzerland to celebrate its 50th anniversary. These events happened on 17 June to 19 June 1944 and were called "The Jubilee Celebrations of IOC" by Carl Diem, the man who began the modern tradition of the Olympic torch relay.

Polish POWs in the Woldenberg (Dobiegniew) Oflag II-C POW camp were granted permission by their Nazi captors to have an unofficial "POW Olympics" in 1944, showing that the Olympic spirit can survive even during war.



1920 Summer Olympics

The 1920 Summer Olympics, officially known as the Games of the VII Olympiad, were held at Antwerp in Belgium.

The games were a financial strain for the host country and the participants. The events were not well attended.

A total of 22 nations sent athletes to compete at the Antwerp games.



1916 Summer Olympics

The 1916 Summer Olympics , officially known as the Games of the VI Olympiad, were not held.

The games were planned for Berlin in Germany.
In 1912, workers began building the sports facilities for the games. The "Deutsches Stadion" ("German Stadium") began in 1912. In June 1913, the stadium was officially opened with 60,000 people at the ceremonies.

The games were cancelled because of World War I.



Morphology (linguistics)

Morphology is part of linguistics. It looks at the way words are put together using small pieces called morphemes. A morpheme is the smallest part of a word that has meaning. Different languages have different morphemes and have different rules for how morphemes are combined.

Words are the smallest pieces of a sentence. Some words only have one morpheme. For example the English words "thank," "dog," and "slow" are all words made up of only one morpheme. A morpheme that can stand alone as a word is called a "free morpheme".

Words can also be made up of more than one morpheme. English speakers know that one can add the plural(more than one) morpheme, "-s," to the end of "dog," and create the word "dogs". The new word combines the meanings of the two morphemes, so the meaning of the new word, "dogs" is "more than one dog." "Dog" is a free morpheme, but the plural morpheme "-s" is not. It must attach to a word (no native English speaker would use "-s" as a stand alone word). Morphemes which must be attached to a word are called "bound morphemes". Morphemes attached to the front of a word are called "prefixes". Those attached to the end are called "suffixes". Some morphemes can attach in the middle of a word and are called "infixes". (example?)

There are two types of bound morphemes: derivational and inflectional. Inflectional morphemes give a listener or reader information about how the word is used in a sentence. English does not have a lot of inflectional morphemes. An example of an inflectional morpheme in English is the "-ed" suffix for verbs. This morpheme at the end of a verb lets the speaker know that the action happened in the past. Another example is the "-s" suffix for nouns to show that there is more than one of the noun.

Derivational morphemes change the part of speech or somehow change the basic meaning of the word they attach to. Most bound morphemes in English are derivational.

"English Word: "unthankful""

Morphemes:
"English Word: "songwriter""

Morphemes:
"English Word: "modernized""

Morphemes:

Syntax

In linguistics, syntax is the study of the rules that govern the structure of sentences. 

The term "syntax" can also be used to refer to these rules themselves, as in “the syntax of a language”. Modern research in syntax attempts to describe languages in terms of such rules, and, for many practitioners, to find general rules that apply to all languages.





1912 Summer Olympics

The 1912 Summer Olympics, officially known as the Games of the V Olympiad, were held in Stockholm, Sweden. 

The games were thought to be a success. For the first time, athletes in the Games came from all five continents symbolised in the Olympic rings. 

A total of 22 nations sent athletes to compete at the Stockholm games. They were:





Syntax (disambiguation)

Syntax may refer to:

Vyacheslav Vsevolodovich Ivanov

Vyacheslav Vsevolodovich Ivanov (21 August 1929 – 7 October 2017) was a Soviet/Russian historical linguist. His main topic of study is Indo-European languages. 

He is best known for his glottalic theory of how consonants are spoken in Indo-European languages and for placing point of origin for these languages in the area of the Armenian Highlands and Lake Urmia. He was born in Moscow.

Vyacheslav Ivanov's father was Vsevolod Ivanov, one of the most famous Soviet writers. His mother was an actress. She worked in the theatre of Vsevolod Meyerhold. His childhood was filled by disease and war, which he spent in Tashkent.

Ivanov died in Moscow on 7 October 2017 at the age of 88.


Tamaz V. Gamkrelidze

Tamaz (Thomas) V. Gamkrelidze (Georgian თამაზ გამყრელიძე) (October 23, 1929 – February 10, 2021) was a Georgian linguist, orientalist and public benefactor, Academician (beginning in 1974) and President (2005–2013) of the Georgian Academy of Sciences (GAS), Doctor of Sciences (1963), Professor (1964).

Gamkrelidze was born in Kutaisi. His brother Revaz Gamkrelidze, was also an academician and a famous mathematician.

Gamkrelidze died at the age of 91.




Georgian alphabet

The Georgian alphabet is used to write in the Georgian language and other Kartvelian languages. The alphabet is called Khutsuri, first said around in the 11th century. 

Greek and Aramaic influences have been shown, but some Georgian scholars like Tamaz V. Gamkrelidze have said that they were freely invented in imitation of the Greek model rather than directly based upon earlier forms of the Aramaic alphabet even though the Georgian phonological inventory is very different from Greek.


Cytosine

Cytosine is one of the 5 main nucleobases used in storing and transporting genetic information within a cell in the nucleic acids DNA and RNA. 

In DNA and RNA, cytosine is paired with guanine. However, it is unstable, and can change into uracil. This can lead to a point mutation if not repaired. The DNA repair enzymes, such as uracil glycosylase, cuts uracil in DNA.

Cytosine is the centre of modern genetic research into epigenetics. Methyl groups added to cytosine change the action of genes during lifetime. These changes are not inherited.


1908 Summer Olympics

The 1908 Summer Olympics, officially known as the Games of the IV Olympiad, were held in London, United Kingdom.

The Olympics were originally scheduled to be held in Rome; however, Mount Vesuvius erupted on 7 April 1906. The natural disaster caused a financial strain on the Italian government. Then the venue was changed to London. The costs of the games were covered by donations.

A total of 22 nations sent athletes to compete at the London games. They were:




Guanine

Guanine is one of the five main nucleobases found in the nucleic acids DNA and RNA.

The others are adenine, cytosine, thymine, and uracil. With the formula CHNO, guanine is a derivative of purine. 

Guanine, along with adenine and cytosine, is present in both DNA and RNA, whereas thymine is usually seen only in DNA and uracil only in RNA. 



Glottalic theory

The glottalic theory is that Proto-Indo-European had ejective stops instead of voiced stops and so it had p’ t’ k’, not b d g, as the traditional version of the Proto-Indo-European sound system.

The glottalic theory was made in the United States by Paul Hopper and in the Soviet Union by Thomas V. Gamkrelidze and Vyacheslav V. Ivanov. The earliest theory was made by the Danish linguist Holger Pedersen that did not have glottalized sounds.

Earlier linguists, such as André Martinet and Morris Swadesh, saw the potential of replacing glottalic sounds for the supposed plain voiced stops of Proto-Indo-European. The idea stayed hypothetical until more evidence for it was published in 1973 by Hopper in the journal "Glossa" and by Gamkrelidze and Ivanov in the journal "Phonetica".


Proto-Indo-Europeans

The Proto-Indo-Europeans were a group of people after the last Ice age. Their existence, from 4000 or earlier, is implied by their language. They were the speakers of the Proto-Indo-European language (PIE), an unwritten but now partly reconstructed prehistoric language.

Knowledge of them comes not only from language, but also from archaeology and archaeo-genetics. They were a group of loosely related peoples ancestral to the Bronze Age Indo-Europeans.

The Proto-Indo-Europeans likely lived during the Copper Age, or roughly the 5th to 4th millennia BC. Mainstream scholarship places them in the general region of the steppes in Eastern Europe and Central Asia. Some scholars would extend the time of PIE much further back. More recent studies support an origin in today's northern Iran and the Armenian Highland.

By the mid-2nd millennium BC offshoots of the Proto-Indo-Europeans had reached Anatolia, the Aegean, Indus Valley, Ganges Plain, and likely Western Europe.

The Proto-Indo-European culture had some or all of these features:


The Proto-Indo-Europeans were a patrilineal society, probably half-nomadic, relying on animal husbandry, notably of cattle and sheep. They domesticated the horse – "ekwos" (cf. Latin "equus"). The cow ("gwous") played a central role, in religion and mythology as well as in daily life. A man's wealth would have been measured by the number of his animals (small livestock), "peḱus" (cf. English "fee", Latin "pecunia").

They practiced a polytheistic religion centered on sacrificial rites, probably administered by a priestly caste. Burials in barrows or tomb chambers (see Kurgan hypothesis). Important leaders would have been buried with their belongings, and possibly also with members of their households or wives (human sacrifice, suttee).

Many Indo-European societies know a threefold division of priests, a warrior class, and a class of peasants or husbandmen. If there was a separate class of warriors, it probably consisted of single young men. They would have followed a separate warrior code unacceptable in the society outside their peer-group. Traces of initiation rites in several Indo-European societies suggest that this group identified itself with wolves or dogs (see also Berserker, werewolf).

As for technology, reconstruction suggests a culture of the early Bronze Age, with bronze tools and weapons. Silver and gold were known. Sheep were kept for wool, and textiles were woven. The wheel was known, certainly for ox-drawn carts, and late Proto-Indo European warfare may also have made use of horse-drawn chariots.

The native name of this people cannot be reconstructed with certainty. "Aryo-" (interpreted by some as meaning "those who plow"), sometimes upheld as a self-identification of the Proto-Indo-Europeans (see Aryan), is shown only in the Indo-Iranian subfamily, since it appears on written inscriptions; however, the Proto-Indo-Europeans themselves had not yet adopted writing, so there is no way to verify that "Aryo-" was their self-identification.




Urheimat

Urheimat (German: "ur-" original, ancient; "Heimat" home, homeland) is a linguistic term meaning the original homeland of the speakers of a proto-language. Since many peoples tend to wander and spread, there is no exact Urheimat, but there is an Indo-European Urheimat different from the Germanic or Romance Urheimat. Recent studies say the original home of Indo-Europeans was near the Armenian Highlands.

Specific hypotheses:


Anatolian hypothesis

The Anatolian hypothesis of Proto-Indo-European origin is that the speakers of the Proto-Indo-European language lived in Anatolia during the Neolithic era. When the Neolithic Revolution took place in the seventh and sixth millennia BC, the speakers spread over Europe. Those who advocate this hypothesis think that the Indo-European languages originated in Anatolia. They believe that the Proto-Indo-Europeans then migrated north to the location north of the Caucasus Mountains. There is an another hypothesis, called the Kurgan hypothesis. The people who support it say the Indo-European languages came from the Caucasus. One of the best-known advocates of the Anatolian hypothesis is Colin Renfrew.



Rafael Ishkhanyan

Rafayel Avetisi Ishkhanyan (, 9 March 1922 – 6 February 1995) was an Armenian philologist and historian. He was a professor of the Yerevan State University.

In 1939, Ishkhanyan entered the department of Armenian language and literature of Yerevan State University. He fought in World War II. After the war, he continued his studies and graduated from Yerevan University in 1949.

His works are generally dedicated to the earliest history of the Armenian people, to the comparative linguistic analysis of ancient languages, and to printing. He is one of the authors of Armenian Soviet encyclopedia.

He was a Deputy to the Supreme Soviet Armenia in 1990-1996.

Ishkhanyan claims that Armenians "were the aborigines of the Armenian plateau who have been living there continuously since the fourth millennium B.C.E at the latest". Similar claims were promoted in nationalist novels such as those of Sero Khanzatian, published in the 1970s.



Cross-country race

A Cross-country race is any running race that takes place on different types of terrain. Different levels of competition include middle school , high school , collegiate men and , women 5km (3.1 mi) and , amateur, and professional.

The scoring in these events gives one point to the winner, two points to the person who finished second, and so on. In an "invitational" or "meet" where teams of runners count up the points of their top five finishers. This is their score. The team with the lowest score wins. If there is a tie, the team with the fastest sixth man wins.

Times in races depend on the terrain, weather, and the other runners. This means that two athletes competing in different places in the world who are running the same time might not be at the same ability level.



Long distance race

A long distance race is any running event on the track that is longer than 3000m. This includes such events as the 3000m run, the 3000m steeplechase, the 3200m run, the two mile run, the three mile run, 5000m run, five mile run, six mile run, and 10000m run, and so on.

The original marathon race, created in 1896, paid tribute to the legendary run completed by Greek messenger Pheidippides in 490 BC. Pheidippides gives word of the Greek victory over Persia at the Battle of Marathon to the people of Athens. That’s when, according to legend, Pheidippides (530-490 BC) ran 26 miles from Marathon to Athens to deliver news of a military victory against the Persians in the Battle of Marathon. 


Warsaw Convention

"distinguish the Warsaw Pact, which was a defence treaty between Eastern European nations"

The Warsaw Convention is an international convention which regulates for international carriage of persons, luggage or goods performed by aircraft for reward.

It was signed in 1929 in Warsaw, it was amended in 1955 at The Hague and in 1975 in Montreal.

In particular, the Warsaw Convention has the following rules:

On April 1, 2007, the exchange rate was 1.00 SDR = 1.135 EUR or
1.00 SDR = 1.51 USD.

The Montreal Convention, signed in 1999, will replace the Warsaw Convention system, once Montreal has been ratified by all states. 


Coroner (band)

Coroner was a thrash metal band from Switzerland. The band was formed in 1985. The band is with Noise record label. The band's most successful albums are "No More Color", "Mental Vortex" and "Grin".


Ritchies

Ritchies is a large supermarket chain in Australia. The chain is owned by a group of private investors. Metcash is a part of that group. The chain is also known as "Ritchies Supa IGA". Most Ritchies stores are in Victoria. Ritchies earns about $1.4b each year. 

In recent years, Ritchies has grown a large amount. In 2000, there were less than 20 Ritchies stores. Ritchies is now on the top 20 Australian retailers list. Other companies on this list include large companies such as Kmart, Myer and Wesfarmers Bunnings.
Official Ritchies Web Site

Maggie Smith

Dame Margaret Natalie Smith (born 28 December 1934) is a British actress. She is better known as Maggie Smith. She made her stage debut in 1952 and is still performing after 70 years. She has won many awards for acting, both for the stage and for movies, including seven BAFTA Awards (five competitive awards and two special awards including the Bafta Fellowship in 1996), two Academy Awards, two Golden Globes, two Emmy Awards, a Laurence Olivier Award, two SAG Awards and a Tony Award.

Her award winning movies include "Othello" (1965), "The Prime of Miss Jean Brodie" (1969), "Travels with My Aunt" (1972), "California Suite" (1978), "Clash of the Titans" (1981), "A Room with a View" (1985) and "Gosford Park" (2001). She has also been in a number of widely-popular movies, including "Hook" (1991), "Sister Act" (1992) and as Professor Minerva McGonagall in the "Harry Potter" movie series. She currently stars in the drama "Downton Abbey" as Violet Crawley, the Dowager Countess of Grantham, for which she has won an Emmy.

Smith was born in Ilford, Essex. She moved to Oxford at age four and went to Oxford High School.

Smith has been married twice. She married actor Robert Stephens on 29 June 1967 at Greenwich. The couple had two sons: actors Chris Larkin (born in 1967) and Toby Stephens (born in 1969). They divorced on 6 May 1974.

She married playwright Beverley Cross on 23 August 1975 at Guildford. He died on 20 March 1998.

In 2007, the "Sunday Telegraph"' reported that she had breast cancer. She has made a full recovery.

Blood Tsunami

Blood Tsunami is a thrash metal band from Oslo, Norway. The band was formed in 2004.


Bates College

Bates College is an American liberal arts college in Lewiston, Maine, in the United States. Bates College was founded in 1855. 1,800 students attend Bates. Economics, English, Psychology, Biology, and History are popular majors at Bates College.


Suffolk University

Suffolk University is an American university in Boston, Massachusetts. Suffolk was founded in 1906 by Gleason Archer. The University has three main schools: Suffolk University Law School, Suffolk University College of Arts and Sciences, and Suffolk University's Sawyer Business School. The University remains best known for its law school. It is featured annually in U.S. News and Annual Report and the Princeton Review.


French literature

French literature is the literature of France. It also includes literature that is written in French, even if the writer is not from France. There are countries besides France where French is also spoken. These countries include Belgium, Switzerland, Canada, Senegal, Algeria, and Morocco. Works that are written in French but not from France are called Francophone literature.

The French language grew out of Latin. French is a Romance language, related to other languages like Spanish and Italian. French was also influenced by the Celtic and Frankish languages.

The following French or French language authors have won a Nobel Prize in Literature:









Treaty of Warsaw (1970)

The Treaty of Warsaw () is a treaty between West Germany and the People's Republic of Poland. It was signed on December 7, 1970 and ratified by the German Bundestag on May 17, 1972.

In the treaty, both sides committed themselves to nonviolence and accepted the existing border - the Oder-Neisse line. This was a very sensitive topic at the time as Poland was concerned that one day a German government would lay claim to some of the territory Germany lost after World War II. Poland took over this territory to replace eastern Poland, which the Soviet Union had conquered in 1939. A lot of that land was east of the Curzon Line, and Poland kept it after the Polish-Soviet War (1919-1921).

Chancellor Willy Brandt was heavily criticized by the conservative CDU/CSU opposition, which indeed were in favour of such a claim, accusing him of abandoning German interests. The Oder-Neisse line was reaffirmed by a reunited Germany in the German-Polish Border Treaty, signed on 14 November 1990.

In the FRG at the time this treaty was signed it was not seen as the last word on the border, because article IV stated that previous treaties like the Potsdam Agreement were not superseded by this latest agreement, so the provisions of this treaty could be changed by a final peace treaty between Germany and the Allies of World War II as provided for in the Potsdam Agreement.


History of Poland

The History of Poland is the history of rather different territories during the past millennium. At one time, in the 16th century, the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth was the second largest state in Europe, after Russia. At other times there was no separate Polish state at all. Poland got back its independence in 1918, after more than a century of rule by nearby empires, but its borders shifted again after the Second World War.

Poland began to form into a country around the middle of the 10th century in the Piast dynasty. In 966, Prince Mieszko I got himself and the whole Polish nation christened. 
In the 12th century Poland broke into some smaller states, which were later attacked by Mongol armies in 1241. In 1320 Władysław I became the King of the repaired Poland. His son Casimir III repaired the Polish economy, built new castles and won the war against the Ruthenian dukedom.
The Black Death, which affected many parts of Europe from 1347 to 1351, did not come to Poland.
Beginning with the Lithuanian Grand Duke Jogaila, the Jagiellon dynasty (1385–1569) formed the Polish-Lithuanian Union. The partnership proved beneficial for the Poles and Lithuanians, who played a dominant role in one of the most powerful empires in Europe for the next three centuries. The "Nihil novi" act adopted by the Polish Sejm (parliament) in 1505, transferred most of the legislative power from the Monarch to the Sejm. This event marked the beginning of the period known as "Nobility Commonwealth" when the State was ruled by the "free and equal" Polish nobility. The Lublin Union of 1569, established the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth as an influential player in European politics and a vital cultural entity.

In the 17th century Sweden attacked all of Poland (this was called “the Deluge”). Many wars against the Ottoman Empire, Russia, Cossacks, Transylvania and Brandenburg-Prussia ended with the Treaty of Karlowitz in 1699. During the following 80 years, the government and natione were weaker, making Poland dependent on Russia. Russian tsars took advantage of this by offering money to traitors, who would block new ideas and solutions. Russia, Prussia, and Austria broke Poland into three pieces in 1772, 1793 and 1795, which dissolved the country. Polish people did not like the new kings, and often rebelled.
In 1791, in an attempt of reform the Sejm of Poland and Lithuania accepted the Constitution of May 3 which was the first modern constitution in Europe and the second (after the United States) on Earth. But that did not help against the partitions of Poland in 1793 and 1795. 

Napoleon made another Polish state, “the Duchy of Warsaw”. After the Napoleonic wars, Prussia, Russia, and Austria again split Poland among themselves at the Congress of Vienna. The eastern part was ruled by the Russian tsar. 
"See also: Polish victims of The Holocaust"

During World War I all Western Allies agreed to save Poland. Soon after the surrender of Germany in November 1918, Poland became the Second Polish Republic ("II Rzeczpospolita Polska"). It got its freedom after several military conflicts; the largest was in 1919-1921 Polish-Soviet War.

On September 1, 1939, Nazi Germany attacked Poland, and the Soviet Union attacked on September 17. Warsaw was defeated on September 28, and was split up into two pieces, one owned by Nazi Germany, the other by the Soviet Union. The eastern part of the German zone was turned into the German Government area. 

The war resumed with Operation Barbarossa. During the war, about 5.6 million citizens of Poland died, half of them Polish Jews. Poland also gave the most troops, after the US, the British and the Soviets, to ultimately defeat Nazi Germany. At the war's end, Poland's borders were moved west, pushing the east border to the Curzon line. The west border was moved to the Oder-Neisse line. The new Poland became 20% smaller by 77,500 square kilometers (29,900 sq mi). The shift forced millions of people to move: Poles, Germans, Ukrainians, and Jews.
After these events, Poland became, for the first time, a real country. There are still many Polish people in the neighboring countries Ukraine, Belarus, and Lithuania, as well as in other countries. Most Poles outside of Poland are in the United States, especially in Chicago.

After the Second World War, the Soviet Union put a Communist government in Poland, and the country was named the People's Republic of Poland. In 1989 Solidarity - a political group led by Lech Wałęsa - helped defeat the communist government in Poland.

During the early 1990s the country turned its economy into one of the most solid in Central Europe. There were many improvements in human rights, such as free speech, democracy, etc. In 1991 Poland became a member of the Visegrad Group and joined NATO in 1999 also with the Czech Republic and Hungary. Polish voters then voted to join the European Union in a vote in June 2003. The country joined the EU on May 1, 2004.


Polish–Lithuanian union

The term "Polish-Lithuanian union" means a development from the personal union between the Kingdom of Poland and the Grand Duchy of Lithuania to the creation of the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth, allso called the "Republic of the Two Nations", in 1569 and eventually to the creation of a short-lived state in 1791.

The most important acts in the process of union were:


Personal union

A personal union is a relationship of two or more sovereign states, which, through law, share the same person as their head of state. 

Personal unions can begin for very different reasons. In many cases a princess who is already married to a king becomes pregnant, and their child inherits the crown of both countries. However, a personal union sometimes was seen as a means against uprisings if a state wants an annexation of an other state. The unions can be written down in a constitution, which clearly expresses that both states shall share the same person as head of state. When that is not the case, a personal union can easily be broken.


Personal union with the Congo Free State from 1885 to 1908, when it annexed the Congo Free State. 


Personal union with Belgium from 1885 to 1908, when Belgium annexed it. 



The actual situation was slightly more complex with the Dutch provinces Holland, Zeeland, Utrecht, Gelderland and Overijssel entering into personal union in 1689 and Drenthe in 1696. Only 2 Dutch provinces never entered into the personal union: Friesland and Groningen.





















Scordatura

Scordatura in music is a technique in which players of string instruments tune their strings to different notes from a normal tuning. The word “scordatura” is an Italian word which means “mistuning”. It was used for lutes, guitars, viols and instruments of the violin family.

Using a scordatura tuning made the instrument sound different. For example: a string tuned to a slightly higher note will sound louder and brighter because it is tighter. Care has to be taken not to tune it too high otherwise it will break. Scordatura also made it possible to play unusual chords or combinations of notes in string-crossing (when the bow moves quickly from one string to another).

When a composer writes for an instrument using scordatura tuning he shows at the beginning of the music what notes the strings must be tuned to. The music is then written, not as it sounds, but so that the player can read it as if the instrument were being played normally, e.g. if a G string is tuned up to G# and the composer wants a G# he simply writes a G, but it will sound G#.
Scordatura tuning was mainly popular in the Baroque period from 1600-1750. Composers such as Heinrich Biber often used it. He composed a group of sonatas for violin and accompaniment called the "Rosary Sonatas". In each sonata the violin is tuned in a different way. In Sonata XI (called "Resurrection") he even asks the violinist to make the two middle strings cross over between the bridge and the tailpiece so that the violin is tuned to two Gs and two Ds.

In the classical period a famous example of scordatura is Mozart’s, "Sinfonia Concertante" for Violin, Viola and Orchestra in which he asks the viola to tune all four strings a semitone higher than usual. This makes it sound louder and brighter so that it matches the brightness of the violin, especially as the violin is playing with normal tuning in the key of E flat, which sounds a soft key (because the key of Eflat hardly uses any “open” strings).

In the late 19th century and 20th century there are examples of composers using scordatura. In his Fourth Symphony Mahler asks the violin soloist (the leader of the orchestra) to play on a violin tuned to Gsharp-D-A-Eflat. The music is describing a poor beggar playing a violin. The violin soloist needs a second instrument for this, so that he can swap quickly back to a normal violin.
Saint-Saëns asks the solo violin in "Danse Macabre" to tune the E string to Eflat to make it sound like the devil.

Zoltán Kodály wrote a sonata in B minor for solo cello, for which the cellist has to tune down the two lower strings to F# and B instead of G and C. This helps to make a very dark, rich sound when playing B minor chords.

2028 Summer Olympics

The 2028 Summer Olympics, which will be officially known as the Games of the XXXIV Olympiad, is a sporting event that will happen from July 21 to August 6 in Los Angeles, California, United States.

Applying to host the games was supposed to begin in 2019. The host city was supposed to be announced in 2021. In July 2017, The International Olympic Committee decided to award 2024 and 2028 Games at the same time. On July 31, 2017, an agreement was announced that Los Angeles would apply to host the 2028 Summer Olympics. The agreement made Paris, France host the 2024 Summer Olympics. On September 13, 2017, the hosts for both Olympic games was announced at the 131st IOC Session in Lima, Peru.


Etruscan origins

There are three main hypotheses as to the origins of the Etruscan civilization. Autochthonous development "in situ" out of the Villanovan culture, as claimed by the Greek historian Dionysius of Halicarnassus who described the Etruscans as indigenous people who had always lived in Etruria. A migration from the Aegean sea, as claimed by a couple of Greek historians: Herodotus, who described them as a group of immigrants from Lydia in Anatolia, and Hellanicus of Lesbos who claimed that the Tyrrhenians were the Pelasgians originally from Thessaly, Greece The third hypotheses is reported by Livy and Pliny the Elder, the Etruscans as related to Rhaetian people to the north and other populations living in the Alps.

German linguist Helmut Rix proposed the Tyrsenian language family, with Etruscan related to the Rhaetic language spoken in the Alps north of Etruria, and to the Lemnian language spoken in Lemons. In particular the Lemnian language could have arrived in the Aegean Sea during the Late Bronze Age, when Mycenaean rulers recruited groups of mercenaries from Sicily, Sardinia and various parts of the Italian peninsula.

The latest mtDNA study (2013) suggests that the Etruscans appear to fall very close to a Neolithic population from Central Europe and to other Tuscan populations.

Etruscan

Etruscan can mean:




Etruscan language

The Etruscan language was spoken and written by the Etruscans in the ancient area of Etruria (what is now Tuscany, western Umbria and northern Latium) and in parts of Lombardy, Veneto and Emilia-Romagna (where the Gauls took the place of the Etruscans), in Italy.

Inscriptions have been found in northwestern and west-central Italy in the region that still has a name that came from the Etruscans, Tuscany (from Latin "tusc" "Etruscans") and in Latium, north of Rome, in Umbria west of the Tiber, around Capua in Campania and in the Po Valley to the north of Etruria. That is probably the area in Italy in which the language was once spoken.


Albanian language

The Albanian language ("") is an Indo-European language. It is spoken mostly in Albania (3,500,000), Kosovo and (500,000) Republic of North Macedonia.
Ghegs, Tosks, Arbëresh, Arvanites, Arbanasi


Trialeti culture

The Trialeti culture was seen around the 2nd millennium B.C. In the late 3rd millennium B.C. settlements of the Kura-Araxes culture began to be replaced by early Trialeti culture sites. The Trialeti culture was the second culture to appear in the Caucasus, after the Kura-Araxes culture. The Trialeti culture shows close ties with the highly-developed cultures of the ancient world, particularly with the Aegean.


Kura–Araxes culture

The Kura-Araxes culture or the Early trans-Caucasian culture, a people that lived from 3400 BC until about 2000 BC. The earliest evidence for this culture is found on the Ararat plain; thence it spread to Georgia by 3000 B.C.

The land they lived in are now Armenia, Georgia , Azerbaijan and the Caucasus.


Biodiesel

Biodiesel is a type of fuel prepared by changing vegetable oil, animal fat, special types of algae and possibly even sewage. It is considered a type of renewable energy, since it all comes from living plants and animals. It can be used to power an engine, usually for vehicles, including airplanes. It replaces diesel that comes from petroleum, a type of fossil fuel. 

Biofuel prepared from biomass is different since it does not start from oil and uses a different chemical process to make the fuel.

Biodiesel is much cleaner and has less pollution than diesel fuel made from fossil fuels. It also acts as a solvent (like soap). In fact, it cleans the engine so much that it might pull out old dirt in the engine and clog up the filters. After the filters are replaced then it is fine.

In the United States and several other places, new laws say that regular diesel fuel must be low in sulfur. This gets rid of pollution, especially acid rain, but it also makes the fuel less slippery. Adding in biodiesel helps keep the fuel slippery and the engine running smoothly. 

Most biodiesel comes from plants. This means a lot of farmland is used to grow plants for fuel instead of for feeding animals and people. There are scientists, chemical engineers and agricultural engineers who are studying ways to use algae and saltwater plants to make oil. This would not take away farmland that is used to grow food. Also, some biodiesel comes from waste oil and waste animal fat, that would otherwise be thrown away. NASA is testing biodiesel made from chicken fat to fuel their airplanes. 

All diesel fuel has a problem starting an engine in cold weather, but biodiesel has more of a problem. This can be solved by mixing biodiesel and regular diesel at the right mixture. Or by heating the fuel before it is used by the engine. There might be a heater built into the vehicle for this.

Most biodiesel is made from oilseed. Oilseed is any type of seed that has enough oil in it to be useful in making vegetable oil. 

In Brazil, castor beans are the best plants to make biodiesel.
In Germany biodiesel is usually made from rapeseeds.
Soybeans and sunflower seeds are commonly used in the United States.
In Thailand, the raw material will most likely come from palm oil, coconut oil, Jatropha oil, and animal fat.
Jatropha trees also grow in India and Africa.

Some people make their own biodiesel by converting old oil that is used in restaurants to fry foods. The exhaust smells a bit like french fries. 

Someday algae might be used to make more biodiesel than is made today with vegetable oil. Algae can be grown in places that food cannot be grown in, so it would not take food away from people. But right now it is still too expensive, but scientists are looking at ways to make the process better. 

Nimrod

Nimrod (; , "an-Namrūd") according to the Bible was the son of Kush, grandson of Ham and a "mighty hunter before the Lord" who built cities at Akkad, Erech (Uruk), and Babel. According to many legends, and as told by the Jewish historian Flavius Josephus, he became an evil tyrant who forced all his subjects to bake bricks for the Tower of Babel.

Julie Kavner

Julie Deborah Kavner (born September 7, 1950) is an Emmy Award-winning American actress and comedienne, best known for playing Brenda Morgenstern on "Rhoda" in the 1970s, as an actress in several Woody Allen-directed films and playing the voice of Marge Simpson on the animated television show "The Simpsons". She also voices Marge's sisters Patty and Selma.




Age of Empires

Age of Empires is a series of real-time strategy computer games made by Ensemble Studios and published by Microsoft Game Studios. 

Four games in the main series are: "Age of Empires", "Age of Empires II" , "Age of Empires III" and "Age of Empires IV". There is also a spinoff game called "Age of Mythology". It is similar to "Age of Empires", but players can also control monsters like the cyclops. After Ensemble Studios had closed down, another game called "Age of Empires Online" was made. It is "free to play", which means that you do not have to pay money to play the game, but you can buy things in the game if you want to.

"Age of Empires I" (2018), "Age of Empires II" (2019) and "Age of Empires III" (2020) come in "Definitive Editions" with better graphics et cetera.

In "Age of Empires", the player usually guides a small tribe of people to build a city. The people, called villagers, can hunt deer, collect berries, and farm for food. They can chop trees for wood. They can collect gold and stone at mines in the ground. The villagers build buildings to make a large city.

There are enemy cities that the player must destroy. When the player has enough food, wood, gold, and stone, the player can train soldiers to fight the enemy. At the beginning of the game, the player only gets weak soldiers, but the player can get better and better units as time goes on.

Each game takes place over four or five time periods called ages. Each players starts in the first age and wants to get to the last age. Each game has a different set of ages:

When a player has enough food and gold to advance to the next age, the player must wait. After about a minute, the city reaches the next age. The player's buildings look different and the player can do new things to improve his town and soldiers. New, powerful soldiers such as archers (people that shoot with a bow and arrow), cavalry (warriors that ride horses), catapults (machines that throw stones), artillery (big guns that shoot cannon balls) can be used. The player can build walls and towers to defend the city. The player can even build many different Wonders that give different effects.

All of the "Age of Empires" games are usually good because the game makes sure no type of soldier is too powerful. There is always a way to kill a large group of enemy units. For example, if a group of twenty archers is attacking, the player should fight back with cavalry or artillery. Many people call this balance, because it is impossible for one unit to get too powerful.

The "Age of Empires" games have many different groups of people to choose from. Each group has a different set of soldiers and abilities. 

There are four common ways to play "Age of Empires":

"Age of Empires" can be played alone (against computer players) or online against human players. "Age of Empires" can be played online using official multiplayer platforms or programs like GameRanger and Voobly.


Bridge (instrument)

A bridge on a string instrument is something that stands on the body of the instrument and supports the strings. It sends the vibrations of the strings to the main part of the instrument so that the sound can be heard.

The bridge of an instrument in the violin family (violin, viola, cello and double bass) can be seen very clearly. It is a piece of hardwood which is shaped like a bridge. The top is like an arch in shape because the player needs to be able to play on one string at a time. The feet of the bridge have to be shaped to fit on the front of the instrument (the “belly”) which is curved. The bridge is not fixed to the instrument: it is only held up because of the tension (tightness) of the strings. The soundpost, a small wooden column inside the body, is also held up by tension of the strings and the bridge.
The part of the string which vibrates and gives the note is the part between the bridge and the top of the fingerboard (or the part between the bridge and where the player puts his finger). The other end of the string is fixed to a tailpiece.

On a banjo the bridge works in the same way, but on a guitar the bridge is fixed to the instrument and the strings are fixed to the bridge.

There are even instruments with moveable bridges such as the Japanese koto which has a separate bridge for each string.

Bridge (disambiguation)

Bridge may mean:
In chemistry:
In electronics:
In music:
In computers:




Brazilwood

Brazilwood or Pau-Brasil, sometimes known as Pernambuco wood ("Caesalpina echinata") is a Brazilian tree. It has a dense, orange-red wood (which takes a high shine), and it is the most frequently used wood for making bows for string instruments from the violin family. The wood also gives a red dye called brazilin.

There are several trees in this family which have very similar properties, including the development of red dye. The term "brazilwood" is sometimes used for these other species as well. The tree was exploited for their dye in the 18th century, and is now lost over much of its original range.

When Pedro Álvares Cabral explored Brazil, he named it after the brazilwood that he found there.

Chav

Chav (male) and chavette (female) are mainly negative, unkind slang words used in the United Kingdom for a subcultural stereotype of young underclass white people. Chav: "a young working class person who dresses in casual sports clothing or a baseball cap".

They may wear fashion based on American hip-hop such as fake gold jewellery and designer clothing, combined with elements of working class British street fashion. Many are either school age or late teens/early twenties and may come from a family culture of social security claimants ("SS claimants"). The term first appeared in dictionaries in 2005. They tend to listen to R&B, hip hop, UK garage, grime and reggae and drum & bass music.

Chavs are stereotypically narrow-minded and more often than not, below average intelligence. Chavs also tend to use slang language to appear "cooler" and more "edgy".

Chavs may be associated with criminality, including: assault, mugging, robbery, burglary and car crime. Anti-social behaviour orders (Asbos) were introduced to tackle such persistent offending.

“Chavette” is a term used to describe female chavs.

In 2011, Owen Jones published his first book, "Chavs: The Demonization of the Working Class". Jones says in it that 'chav' is a word used to make working-class people seem less human. In 2014, "The Guardian" Suzanne Moore wrote an article calling R&B singer and songwriter Tulisa a chav.

Council house

The council house is a form of public housing found in Ireland and the United Kingdom, sometimes called social housing in modern times. Council houses were built and operated by local councils to help the local population. Council houses were built and operated by local councils. The aim was to supply uncrowded, well-built homes with lower rents to working-class people. Council house building began in the late in the 1860s in London and Liverpool. The Housing of The Working Classes Act, 1890 gave local councils powers to buy land and build houses. The Housing, Town Planning, &c. Act 1919 gave them money to pay for the building and powers to build outside their own areas.. Between 1919 and 1939, local councils built a total of 1.1 million homes. 

It peaked in the mid-20th century. The Housing Act 1980 gave tenants the Right to Buy their home at a large discount. Gerald Kaufman, then in the Labour Party Shadow Cabinet and a former Environment Minister himself, said the Act would "not provide a single new home and [would] deprive many homeless people or families living in tower blocks from getting suitable accommodation".

As of 2005, approximately 20% of the country's housing was owned by local councils or by housing associations. The largest council estate in the country (and one of the largest in the world) is Becontree, Dagenham, with a population of over 100,000. Building started in the 1920s and took nearly 20 years to finish.

The Republic of Ireland has a similar public housing system, Local Authority Accommodation.

Midnight Madness

Midnight Madness is a 1980 comedy movie from Walt Disney Productions, starring David Naughton. The movie is about a group of college students who participate in an all night puzzle solving race. It is Michael J. Fox's first film role.

The movie did not do well in theaters and many critics did not like it. However, the movie has gained a cult following, and has been the inspiration for many real-life puzzle and alternate reality games.



Barvas

Barvas or Barabhas is a village on the Isle of Lewis. It is said to have the biggest percentage of Gaelic speakers in Scotland, (74.7% here speak Gaelic.)

Lewis

Lewis is the northern part of Lewis and Harris, the largest island in the Western Isles (or Outer Hebrides) of Scotland. 

Its biggest town is called Stornoway, which has a population of over 5000. Most people on the island speak Gaelic. On the island, there is a town called Barvas, which is the place which has the biggest percentage of Gaelic speakers (74.7% of the people speak Gaelic).


Stornoway

Stornoway is the biggest town in the Outer Hebrides. It is on the Isle of Lewis, and over 5,000 people live there. It has nearby the Stornoway Airport, an old RAF airbase which now acts a link between the island and the Scottish mainland.

Skye

Skye is the largest and most northerly island in the Inner Hebrides of Scotland. More than 9000 people live there, and half of the people speak Gaelic. The main settlement is Portree, known for its picturesque harbour.

The island has been occupied since the mesolithic period and has a colourful history. It was rule by the Norse for 400 years, then dominated by Clan MacLeod and Clan Donald. The Highland Clearances of the 19th century caused a decline in the population from over 20,000 to around 9,200 in the early 21st century. The population has risen 4% from the census of 1991. The main industries are tourism, agriculture, fishing and whisky-distilling.

Skye is part of the Highland Council local government area and is now linked to the mainland by a road bridge. The island is renowned for its spectacular scenery, vibrant culture and heritage, and its abundant wildlife, including the Golden Eagle, Red Deer and Atlantic Salmon.

Skye has a rich heritage of ancient monuments from the clans, especially castles. Dunvegan Castle has been the seat of Clan MacLeod since the 13th century. It may have been inhabited by a single family for longer than any other house in Scotland.

The 18th century Armadale Castle, once home of Clan Donald was abandoned as a residence in 1925 but now hosts the Clan Donald Centre. Nearby are the ruins of two more MacDonald strongholds, Knock Castle, and Dunscaith Castle, the legendary home of Queen Scáthach.

At 1,656 square kilometres (639 sq mi), Skye is the second-largest island in Scotland after Lewis and Harris.

The Black Cuillin, low mountains mainly composed of basalt and gabbro, include 12 peaks the Scots call 'Munros'. This is some of the most dramatic and challenging mountain terrain in Scotland. The ascent of Sgùrr a' Ghreadaidh is one of the longest rock climbs in Britain and the Inaccessible Pinnacle is the only peak in Scotland that requires technical climbing skills to reach the summit. A full crossing of the Cuillin ridge may take 15–20 hours to complete.

2024 Summer Olympics

The 2024 Summer Olympics, which will be officially known as the Games of the XXXIII Olympiad, is a sporting event that will happen from July 26 to August 11 in Paris, France.

On July 11, 2017, a proposal to choose the 2024 and 2028 Olympic host cities at the same time was approved by an Extraordinary IOC Session in Lausanne, Switzerland. On July 31, 2017, the International Olympic Committee made a deal with Los Angeles to host the 2028 Summer Olympics. It made Paris host the 2024 Summer Olympics. On September 13, 2017, the hosts for both Olympic games was announced at the 131st IOC Session in Lima, Peru.



Thomas Bach stated that Hamburg would apply for 2024 Olympic Games. Hamburg would have hosted the games the first time in history and would therefore have received the virtue over Berlin as Berlin's inhabitant had a negative atmosphere towards the Olympic Games application.

The organization of the Games in Copenhagen was investigated by the Danish government 




Larry Needle, executive director of the Philadelphia Sports Congress, said that if Philadelphia, the largest city in Pennsylvania, wanted to host the Olympics, its earliest realistic chance would have been the 2024 Summer Games

A study by eleven graduate students from the University of Pennsylvania showed that Philadelphia should have considered bidding for the 2024 Olympics. The study said that one of the city's biggest challenges would be convincing the voters who select the host city that Philadelphia is a "world-class city", something that "will require strategic changes in the city’s landscape in conjunction with a persuasive marketing strategy". The study mentions that when arriving in the city from Philadelphia International Airport, it is difficult to find a route that does not have abandoned oil tanks, old structures and thousands of tons of waste. One good thing about having the Games in Philadelphia is that it is near many large cities.


On July 10, 2007 it was revealed that the Canadian Olympic Committee had worked on a potential bid for the 2020 or 2024 games for Toronto, the capital of Ontario and the largest city in Canada. This would have been Toronto's third bid for the summer Olympic games, after unsuccessful bids for the 1996 and 2008 Summer Games.


The subtropical city of Brisbane would seriously consider bidding for the Olympic Games in 2020 or 2024, former Queensland Premier Peter Beattie has said. His announcement came after IOC President Jacques Rogge said the IOC would love to see a bid from Brisbane in the future.

Australia hosted the 1956 Olympic Games in Melbourne. In 1986, Brisbane lost the bid for the 1992 Summer Olympics, which were held in Barcelona. However, Brisbane has experience in hosting major international sporting events; the city hosted the 1982 Commonwealth Games and the 2001 Goodwill Games.

Australia also hosted the Olympic games in Sydney, 2000.

2022 Winter Olympics

The 2022 Winter Olympics, formally called the XXIV Olympic Winter Games, is the 24th Games of the Winter Olympics. It is an international winter sports event that was held from February 4 to February 20, 2022. The winning bid was announced in the summer of 2015 and Beijing was chosen. Because Beijing hosted the 2008 Summer Olympics, it became the first city ever to host both the Summer and the Winter Olympics. 






Guarneri

Guarneri is the name of a family of famous violin makers from Cremona in Italy in the 17th and 18th centuries. Together with the families Amati and Stradivari they made some of the best violins the world has known. 

Andrea Guarneri ( - 7 December 1698) was a pupil in the workshop of Nicolo Amati from 1641 to 1646 and returned to make violins for Amati from 1650 to 1654. He married a rich lady and they were able to buy a large house which became known as the “Casa Guarneri”. They had seven children. Two of his sons: Pietro Giovanni and Giuseppe Giovanni, became violin makers. Andrea Guarneri produced some fine violas, one of which was played by William Primrose in the early 20th century.

Pietro Giovanni Guarneri (18 February 1655 - 26 March 1720), known as Peter of Mantua ("Pietro da Mantova") to distinguish him from his nephew Pietro Guarneri. He worked in his father's workshop from around 1670 until his marriage in 1677. He had settled in Mantua by 1683, where he worked both as a musician and a violin maker. His instruments are generally better than his father's. However, he did not make so many instruments because he spent a lot of his time playing them. None of his children became violin makers. Joseph Szigeti played one of his instruments.

Andrea's younger son, Giuseppe Giovanni Battista Guarneri (25 November 1666 - 1739 or 1740), known as "filius Andreae", joined his father's business in Cremona. He inherited it in 1698. He is one of the great violin makers.

Giuseppe Giovanni Battista was father to two other instrument makers: Pietro Guerneri who settled in Venice and Bartolomeo.

Pietro Guarneri (Peter of Venice or "Pietro da Venezia") (14 April 1695 - 7 April 1762) made some instruments that are as great as those of his father. One of his cellos was played by Beatrice Harrison. 

Bartolomeo Giuseppe Guarneri ("del Gesù"), also known as Joseph (21 August 1698 - 17 October 1744), has been called the finest violin maker of the Amati line (Amati and his pupils). Giuseppe is known as "del Gesù" because his labels always have the characters I.H.S. ("iota-eta-sigma") and a Roman cross. His instruments are different from the others made by his family. They are thought of as the greatest violins with the exception of those by Stradivari. The famous violin virtuoso Niccolò Paganini’s favorite instrument was a Guarneri del Gesù violin of 1743. The "Lord Wilton" Guarneri del Gesù violin made in 1742 was owned by Yehudi Menuhin and other Twentieth-century 'del Gesù' players have included, Arthur Grumiaux, Jascha Heifetz, Isaac Stern and Henryk Szeryng.



Amati

Amati is the name of a family of Italian violin makers. They made violins between about 1549 and 1740. They worked in Cremona in Italy, the town which is famous for violin making. 

The most famous member of the family was Andrea Amati who was born some time before 1511 and died in Cremona on 24 December 1577. He can be thought of as the inventor of the modern violin. He made violins, violas and cellos. A small number of his instruments are still in existence. They are dated between 1564 and 1574 and they have the coat of arms of Charles IX of France on the back.

Andrea Amati’s two sons were Antonio Amati who was born about 1540 in Cremona and died there on 14 February 1607 and Girolamo Amati who was born about 1561 in Cremona and died of the plague there on 21 October 1630. They are known as "The Brothers Amati", but they did not work much together. However, they both produced some great instruments. They made the shape of the f holes perfect and gave their instruments more strength. They also made some large violas and cellos. They had an enormous influence on all other violin makers.

Nicolò Amati was the son of Girolamo Amati. He is now the most famous member of the family. He was born on 3 December 1596 and died on 12 April 1684. He was the most eminent of the family. He had become a very skilled violin maker by 1630 when his father died. During the next few years there was a lot of suffering because of the plague and not many people could afford to buy instruments. Then, after 1640, there was more demand again and Nicolò made many great instruments. Those that have survived are among the most sought-after and expensive violins today. He made instruments that were slightly wider and were known as the “Grand Pattern”. Many other violin makers learned from him. These pupils include Andrea Guarneri and possibly also Antonio Stradivari.

The last maker of the family was Nicolo's son, Girolamo Amati, known as Hieronymus II. He was born on 26 February and died on 21 February, 1740. Although he made some improvements to his father's instruments, they are not as good. Antonio Stradivari became the greatest violin maker at this time.




Guardians of Scotland

The Guardians of Scotland were appointed to act as King during the two "interregnums" of 1290-1292 and 1296-1302.

An interregum is a time when a monarchy has no king. It is from the Latin for "between reigns".

Montel Vontavious Porter

Hassan Hamin Assad (born Alvin Antonio Burke Jr.; October 28, 1973) is an American professional wrestler and rapper. He is better known by the ring name Montel Vontavious Porter (MVP). He is currently signed to WWE and is the manager of Omos. He has also worked with Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (TNA), Ring of Honor (ROH) and New Japan Pro Wrestling (NJPW). 

Porter became famous with his first run in World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE) from 2005 to 2010. During this time, he became a one-time WWE Tag Team Champion with Matt Hardy and a two-time WWE United States Champion. He was released from his WWE contract in December 2010, but returned in the 2020 Royal Rumble match. That same year, he formed a stable called The Hurt Business with Bobby Lashley, Cedric Alexander and Shelton Benjamin.

He spent six months in a juvenile detention center after a robbery and later completed 9½ years of an 18½ year prison sentence for armed robbery and kidnapping which at the time he started it he was sixteen. He has a rare heart condition called Wolff-Parkinson-White syndrome. He converted to Islam while in prison but has since described himself as a nonbeliever.


Pretzel

A pretzel (French: "Bretzel", Alsatian: "bradchdal", German: "Breze" or "Brezel") is a baked snack that originated in Germany. It is traditionally twisted into a unique knot-like shape. The pretzel dough is made from wheat flour and yeast. Before baking, it is dipped into "Natronlauge" (, sodium hydroxide solution (NaOH) or sodium carbonate solution (NaCO)) and sprinkled with coarse salt. During baking, a Maillard reaction then gives the pretzel its characteristic brown color and distinctive flavor. In Bavaria, it is obligatory in a Weißwurst breakfast.

Because they are made mostly of wheat, pretzels can be problematic for people who have wheat allergy, coeliac disease, or wheat intolerances.

There are different types of pretzels, like chocolate pretzels.


Shoplifting

Shoplifting is theft by stealing goods or money from a retail store. It can be done by placing the item in pockets, under clothes or in bags and leaving the store without paying for the item in question.

Shoplifting, when detected, is punishable by law enforcement.

Portrait

A portrait is a painting or a photograph of a person's face and its expression. The purpose of a portrait is to show the likeness, personality, and even the mood of the person. For this reason, in photography, a portrait is actually not a snapshot, but a calm image of a person in a still position. A portrait normally shows a person looking directly at the painter or photographer.


Steroid

A steroid is a organic compound, either natural or man-made, which has four cycloalkane rings in its structure. Plants, animals and fungi make hundreds of different natural steroids.

Steroid hormones are steroids which act as hormones in the body. Natural steroid hormones are usually made from cholesterol in the adrenal glands and gonads. Cholesterol is a plentiful steroid in animal cells: it is important for cell membranes.

Examples of steroid hormones include 

One review noted: The adrenal gland hormones play a vital role in adapting to "ever-changing environmental and emergency situations, and help vertebrates in their successful survival".

Prednisone is an important man-made steroid medication, used to treat inflammation.


Some steroid hormones are anabolic steroids (AAS). Since the discovery and synthesis of testosterone in the 1930s, AAS have been used by physicians for many purposes, with varying degrees of success:

Certain anabolic steroids, such as testosterone, are used to help make muscles stronger. Such steroids are used to improve a person's performance, but they are sometimes overused and abused by athletes. The rate of steroid abuse grew greatly in the early 21st century, all over the world. Overuse of anabolic steroids can have bad effects on the human body. They can cripple or kill. Sports organisations now regulate their use.



Road rage

Road rage means violent behavior by a driver of a road vehicle. This includes verbal abuse, offensive gestures, and dangerous driving methods. Road rage may cause violence or accidents.

Graceland

Graceland is a estate and large white-colored mansion that was owned by Elvis Presley. It is located in Memphis, Tennessee, USA.



Harry Shearer

Harry Julius Shearer (born December 23, 1943, in Los Angeles, California) is an American comedic actor, voice actor, comedian, writer, musician, author, radio host, director and producer. Shearer is famous for playing the voices of several minor characters for "The Simpsons" (1989 to present).

Shearer was a child actor. He acted on the Jack Benny radio program.

Shearer was a member of the Credibility Gap comedy group. The radio stations KRLA and later KPPC broadcast the Credibility Gap. He performed on the Pop Chronicles music documentary.

Shearer portrayed Derek Smalls in the 1984 comedy movie "This is Spinal Tap". Rob Reiner directed this movie. 

Shearer speaks the voices for many characters on "The Simpsons" cartoon. Some of the characters he plays are Mr. Burns, Waylon Smithers, and Ned Flanders.


Nancy Cartwright

Nancy Jean Cartwright (born on October 25, 1957 in Dayton, Ohio) is an American actress, voice actress, comedian, clown, jester, mime and tap dancer. She is known for providing the voices of Bart Simpson, Nelson Muntz, Todd Flanders and Ralph Wiggum on the animated television show "The Simpsons". She also plays the voice of Chuckie Finster on "Rugrats" and "All Grown Up!".

Cartwright graduated from Fairmont High School. She went to Ohio University and the University of Los Angeles (UCLA). At UCLA, she earned a degree in theatre.

r


Coco Lee

Coco Lee (; born Ferren Lee, 17 January 1975 – 5 July 2023) was a Hong Kong-born American singer and songwriter. Her real name is Ferren Lee-Kelly and 李美林 Lǐ Měi Lín in Chinese (although she also used the stage name 李玟 Lǐ Wen when she wrote songs). She sang Cantonese, Mandarin and English.

CoCo Lee was born in Hong Kong to a Chinese Indonesian father and a Hong Kong Chinese mother. Her father died when she was young, and CoCo moved at age 10 with her mother, and her 2 sisters to California, United States. She went through school while trying out her singing voice and she followed her older sisters in entering many local singing contests. CoCo Lee went to high school in San Francisco, California. CoCo later went for a short time to the University of California, Irvine. CoCo is close to her mother, who has at times managed her career.

After Lee's high school graduation in 1993, she went on holiday in Hong Kong, probably seeing her two sisters Carol and Nancy Lee take part in the Miss Hong Kong Pageant, and while there, she became runner-up in the 12th Annual New Talent Singing Awards. The following day, the local record label Capital artists Records contacted her.

CoCo Lee appeared in some compilations with other singers with Capital artists. Then, in 1994 she worked with Fancy Pie Records and recorded four albums with them. She later signed with another record company in 1996 by Sony Music, who has continued to represent her until 2008. After that, she changed her record company and decided to work with Warner Music (Taiwan).

CoCo sang the song "A Love Before Time" for the action-drama movie Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon. People around the world could see her when she sang this song live at the 2001 Academy Awards ceremony.

In 2002, CoCo was the star singer at a Houston Rockets basketball game. She became the first East Asian singer to ever sing the American National Anthem at a major world sporting event.

Aside from her fame in singing Mandarin music, CoCo's English-language songs have also become famous. Her love song "Before I Fall In Love" was included in the soundtrack of the romance movie Runaway Bride.

Walt Disney Pictures also hired her to sing the title song and be the voice of the heroine Fa Mulan in the Mandarin version of Mulan. She recorded the song "Reflections", which she also sang at the 2005 opening of the Hong Kong Disneyland with Lea Salonga. A "Reflections" PV was also filmed. She also sang an English version which appears on her maxi single "Take a chance on love".

CoCo was also an actress. She co-starred in the Chinese comedy movie "Master of Everything (Bamboo Shoot)" with John Lone, which won the Best Foreign Film award at the 2005 Beverly Hills Film Festival. While in character within the movie, she sings one of her own songs, "Di da di".

In the world of fashion, CoCo was an Omega Global Ambassador in 2004, and Chanel named CoCo its first "Asian-Pacific Celebrity Ambassadress" in 2001. She got her nickname "CoCo" from being an admirer of CoCo Chanel.

In June 2005, CoCo's engagement to Canadian millionaire businessman Bruce Rockowitz was made public, although it seems to have happened some months earlier. Even though Rockowitz is 18 years older than she, her mother approved the marriage.

CoCo returned to the San Francisco bay area in 2007 for a live concert at the Shoreline Amphitheatre on 22 September 2007 with special guest Alex To. It was her first live performance in her hometown in several years.

In 2008, Coco was chosen to sing one of the Olympic songs, "Forever Friends", opposite Sun Nan.

On 17 July 2009, she had a solo concert at Walt Disney Concert Hall in Los Angeles. She's the first Chinese singer to ever performed in this place. She notably sang 3 Michael Jackson's songs "Gone too soon", "Rock with you" and "The way you make me feel" in homage to her idol.

On 14 August, she released her new Mandarin album "East to west" with Warner Music. The main hit singles are "Party time", "Beautiful theme song" and "Turn". It also contains the cover of Jay Sean's "Maybe" called "Love now" and "BYOB", a song to encourage people to bring and recycle their own shopping bags to save the environment.

She recorded the song "Smile Shanghai" (微笑上海) with other artists including JJ Lin, Andy Lau, Jam Hsiao or Jane Zhang for Shanghai World Expo 2010.

On March, 27 2010, Lee began her "East2West" World Tour Concert in Taipei at Taipei Arena. She pursued at the Encore Theatre in Wynn Casino in Las Vegas on 3 and 4 July, then in Singapore Indoor Stadium in Singapore on 2 October and in Nanning on 16 December.

In March 2011, Lee was one of many artists participating in the recording of "Artists 311 Love Beyond Borders" (愛心無國界311燭光晚會) official theme song called "Succomb not to sorrow" (不要輸給心痛) in Cantonese version.

On 7 April 2011, her song "Dreams on oriental seas" (梦在东方的海上) featuring Sun Nan was broadcasted. It had been named as he theme for the 14th FINA world championships. It took take place in Shanghai in July 2011.

On 8 June 2011, Lee announced that she recently set up her own studio. That way, she was more free to write and produce music that she loved. Her newest album was planned for Summer 2011.

On 25 June, her song "Four seas alliance" (四海盟約), the theme song for the 2011 China television drama "Water Margin" (水滸傳), was broadcasted.

Lee attempted suicide on 2 July 2023, and was sent to the hospital in an unconscious state. She died three days later. She was 48 years old.

CoCo Lee's voice has been favourably compared with that of Mariah Carey and other western artistes, due to her tonality, strength and vocal range. Her voice is classified as a light-lyric soprano, with a vocal range of three octaves. Her lowest recorded note is an E3 and highest recorded note is E6. Her highest chest voice note is F6 in the song Before I Fall in Love.




"Not exhaustive"



Daniel Schneidermann

Daniel Schneidermann (born April 5, 1958 in Paris) is a French journalist. He mainly reports about televised media. He is most active in weekly columns. Schneidermann has written in "Le Monde" and is presently in "Libération". He also can be seen on the television program "Arrêt sur images" ("Freeze-frame"), broadcast by the public television channel France 5.

Pound (mass)

A pound (usually abbreviated as lb, plural lbs) is a unit used to measure the mass of something. It is used in the imperial system and the United States customary system. It is related to the Pound (force). There are a number of different definitions. The most commonly used definition today is the international avoirdupois pound. This is equal to , and is divided into 16 avoirdupois ounces.

The abbreviation lb is for the Latin word "libra", meaning "weight."

The avoirdupois pound (abbreviation lb., plural lbs.) is the most common unit. This type is used for all purposes except the uses of the troy pound. Most people from the United States, United Kingdom, Ireland, Canada, Liberia and Burma use this as their standard measure of their personal mass.

The troy pound (abbreviation t lb., plural t lbs.) is generally not used anymore. It was used in England by apothecaries and jewellers. A troy pound contains 12 troy ounces. The troy ounce is still used to measure the mass of precious metals and gems.

In some European countries, a metric pound is an informal term for half a kilogram (500 grams). In the Netherlands, however, the metric pound () is equal to 480 grams. A Dutch 'ons' is equal to 100 grams, and it is often said that 5 ons is 1 pond.

Eastern Armenia

Eastern Armenia was a part of Ottoman Armenia and Persian that was merged with the Russian empire.

The Eastern Armenian dialect of the Armenian language is spoken mostly in the Caucasus region (including Armenia) and in Iran and Russia.


Western Armenia

Western Armenia (), also referred to as Byzantine Armenia, later Turkish Armenia, or Ottoman Armenia is a term coined following the division of Greater Armenia between Byzantine Empire ("Western Armenia") and Persia ("Eastern Armenia") in 387 AC.

After the death of Armenian king "Arshak III", in 390 AC, the Western Armenia was governed by Greek generals. In the 7th century Western Armenia was one of the centers of "Pavlikian" Christian popular sect. Since 9th century the most part of Western Armenia included Vaspurakan and Taron was under the rule of Bagratid dynasty of Armenia. Then the Zakarid Armenia of 13-14th centuries included some parts of Western Armenia.
After Turkish-Persian wars of 1602-1639 Western Armenia became part of Ottoman Empire. Since Russo-Turkish War, 1828-1829 that term is referred to the Armenian-populated historical regions of the Ottoman Empire that remained under Ottoman rule after the eastern part was ceded to the Russian Empire.

Western (Ottoman) Armenia was composed of six vilayets ("vilâyat-ı sitte"), the vilayets of Erzurum, Van, Bitlis, Diyarbekir, Kharput, and Sivas. After the collapse of Ottoman Empire Western Armenia remained under Turkish rule, and in 1894–96 and 1915 Turkey perpetrated systematic massacres and forced deportations of Armenians.

After the Armenian genocide the distinct Western Armenian dialect of the Armenian language (recognized as one of the major dialects of Armenian ) is spoken primarily in Istanbul, Lebanon, Egypt, other parts of Armenian diaspora, and formerly in eastern Turkey. It differs orthographically from Eastern Armenian, there are also phonological differences. In some parts of the diaspora, the Armenian schools, such as L'École Arménienne Sourp Hagop and the Armenian Sisters Academy instruct Western Armenian to the students, instead of Eastern Armenian, the official dialect of the Republic of Armenia.

The fate of Western Armenia — commonly referred to as "The Armenian Question" — is considered as a key issue in the modern history of the Armenian people. The first and second congresses of Western Armenians took place in Yerevan in 1917 and 1919. Since 2000, an organizing committee of congress of heirs of Western Armenians who survived the Armenian Genocide is active in diasporan communities.




Kingdom of Poland (1385–1569)

The Kingdom of Poland of the Jagiellons lasted from 1385 to 1569. It was created by the accession of Wladislaus II Jagiełło, Grand Duke of Lithuania, to the Polish throne in 1386. The Union of Krewo united Poland and Lithuania into one monarchy. The union was confirmed but also transformed into the Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth by the Union of Lublin in 1569. This was shortly followed by the end of the Jagiellon dynasty that had ruled Poland for two centuries.


Jagiellon dynasty

The Jagiellons were a royal dynasty that came from Lithuania and reigned in some Central European countries (present day Lithuania, Belarus, Poland, Ukraine, Latvia, Estonia, Kaliningrad, parts of Russia, Hungary, Czech Republic, Slovakia) between the 14th and 16th century. 

Members of the dynasty were grand dukes of Lithuania 1377–1392 and 1440–1572, kings of Poland 1386–1572, kings of Hungary 1440–1444 and 1490–1526, and kings of Bohemia 1471–1526. The family was a branch of the Lithuanian Gediminaičių dynasty.

The name (other variations used in English include: Jagiellonians, Jagiellos, Jogailos, Jagiellas) comes from Jogaila ("pol.:" Jagiełło), the first Polish king of that dynasty.

Jagiellons were hereditary rulers of Poland and Lithuania.

The Jagiellon rulers of Poland–Lithuania (with dates of ruling in brackets) were:



D'oh!

D'oh! (also spelled out as annoyed grunt), is a famous catchphrase created by the fictional character Homer Simpson, from the popular animated television series, "The Simpsons". It was also famously accepted into the "Oxford English Dictionary" in 2002. The quote is normally used when Homer hurts himself, finds out that he has done something stupid, or when something bad has happened or is about to happen to him. He often gives himself a facepalm at the same time. Other characters from the Simpsons have also been heard using the chatchprase too, the most common being his son Bart. Homer has also been known to change this phrase slightly. For example, in The Simpsons Movie he shouts "D'oooooome!" when the town is sealed in the glass dome.


Aqua regia

Aqua regia ("Royal water" in Latin) is a very strong acid. It is made by mixing one part concentrated nitric acid and three parts concentrated hydrochloric acid. The acid was named by alchemists because it can dissolve the noble metals gold and platinum. Tantalum, iridium and a few other metals are not dissolved by it.

Aqua regia was discovered around the year 800AD, by Jabir Bin Hayyan (Geber), when he mixed common salt with vitriol (sulphuric acid). In the Middle Ages it was one of the ways that alchemists tried to find the philosopher's stone. 

When Germany invaded Denmark in World War II, the Hungarian chemist took the Nobel Prize medals of and to keep them safe. De Hevesy dissolved the medals, which were made of gold, into aqua regia. He did this so the Nazis would not steal them. He placed the jar that held the solution of aqua regia and gold on a shelf in his laboratory at the . The jar looked the same as hundreds of other jars in the laboratory, so the Nazis thought that all the jars had normal chemicals in them. After the war, de Hevesy returned to the lab, found the jar with the solution, and removed the gold from it. He returned the gold to the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences, and the Nobel Foundation used the gold to make new medals for Laue and Franck.

Aqua Regia is used in metal etching and scientific analysis. It is also used to clean certain lab machines from tiny metal particles. It is particularly used in the extraction and purification of gold and platinum. Users mix it immediately before use so it won't decompose.

Inari Okami

The traditional messengers of Inari are foxes.

Kurgan hypothesis

The Kurgan model of Indo-European origins is about both the people and their Proto-Indo-European language.

It uses both archaeology and linguistics to show the history of their culture at different stages of the Indo-European expansion.

The Kurgan model is the most widely accepted theory on the origins of Indo-European. 

When it was first suggested in 1956, Marija Gimbutas's answer to the question of Indo-European origins was a pioneering interdisciplinary synthesis of archaeology and linguistics. From the nineties on, new archaeological evidence from Northern European prehistoric cultures was put forward on the influence and expansion of Kurgan cultures.


Marija Gimbutas

Marija Gimbutas (Lithuanian: Marija Gimbutienė, born Marija Birutė Alseikaitė) (Vilnius, Lithuania, January 23, 1921 – Los Angeles, United States February 2, 1994), was a Lithuanian-American archeologist, known for her research into the Neolithic and Bronze Age cultures of "Old Europe" and the theories that she introduced. Between 1946 and 1971, her writings merged traditional spadework with linguistics and mythologies.

Luwians

The Luwians also known as "Luvians" were a people closely related to the Hittites. Sometime after 2300, the Luwians, an Indo-European-speaking people, settled in southern Anatolia.

The Luwians were related to the Hittites and were the dominant group in the Late Hittite culture.



Phrygia

Phrygia () was a kingdom in the west central part of the Anatolia. The Phrygian people started to live in the area from c. 1200 BC, and made a kingdom in the 8th century BC. It was ruined by Cimmerian invaders c. 690 BC, then conquered by its neighbor Lydia, before it passed successively into the Persian Empire of Cyrus, the empire of Alexander and his successors, was taken by the king of Pergamon, and became part of the Roman Empire. The Phrygian language survived until about the 6th century AD.


White genocide

White Genocide (Armenian: Ճերմակ or սպիտակ ջարդ, Jermag or Spitag Chart) is the word Western Armenians use to describe assimilation in the West. Armenians were forcibly deported from their homeland in Anatolia during the Armenian Genocide in 1915-1918, and never allowed to return. Western Armenians consider Armenians who assimilate within the local population of the country where they were eventually forced to emigrate (such as France, USA, Argentina, etc.) as lost to their nation due to the continuing exile after the actual genocide itself, and thus consider that lost Armenian to be another victim of the genocidal attempt to eliminate the Armenians. The term "White Genocide" was also used for the regions of Nagorno-Karabakh and Nakhichevan where Armenians were forcibly deported and cleansed from the regions.


Didier Drogba

Didier Yves Drogba Tébily (born 11 March 1978 in Abidjan) is a retired Côte d'Ivoire professional football player.

He lived in Abidjan until he was 5 years old and then he moved to France to live with his uncle, Michael Goba. His uncle had been a professional football player in Côte d'Ivoire.

In the 2006/07 season, he was the top scorer of the English Premier League with 20 goals. Drogba played for Le Mans at Ligue 2 in 1998. He moved to Olympique Marseille in 2003 and scored 29 goals in the next season. In July 2004, Drogba moved to Chelsea in the English Premier League. Drogba stayed at Chelsea for about 10 years. Drogba was a member of Côte d'Ivoire’s national team and was their top scorer with 65 goals in 105 appearances.

Marseille 

Chelsea

Galatasaray

Phoenix Rising
Individual



Muscatine, Iowa

Muscatine is a city in Muscatine County, Iowa. In 2020, 23,797 people lived in the city of Muscatine.

Muscatine began as a trading post in 1833. The city was first called Bloomington in 1839. The name was later changed because there were so many other cities named Bloomington. Some people think the name "Muscatine" came from the name of a local Native American tribe.

A person from Germany founded a button company in Muscatine in 1884. They made buttons from clam shells found in the Mississippi river. Muscatine was and still is called the "Pearl button capital of the world."

Sam Clemens, also called Mark Twain, worked at the newspaper the city for a short amount of time. He also wrote about Muscatine in his book "Life on the Mississippi".

""And I remember Muscatine--still more pleasantly--for its summer sunsets. I have never seen any, on either side of the ocean, that equaled them. They used the broad smooth river as a canvas, and painted on it every imaginable dream of color, from the" "and delicacies of the opal, all the way up, through cumulative intensities, to blinding purple and crimson conflagrations which were enchanting to the eye, but sharply tried it at the same time. All the Upper Mississippi region has these extraordinary sunsets as a familiar spectacle. It is the true Sunset Land: I am sure no other country can show so good a right to the name. The sunrises are also said to be exceedingly fine. I do not know.""



Armenian Army

The Armenian Army is the army of Armenia. Armenia has sent around 1,500 officers to be trained in Greece and Russia over the past years. Since the end of the Nagorno-Karabakh War, Armenia has made the army boost the defense and help defend Nagorno-Karabakh from a possible new attack by neighboring Azerbaijan.



Armenian Air Force

The Armenian Air Force is the aerial group of the Armed Forces of Armenia. It was a part of the military reform program of Ter-Grigoriants. 

Armenian anti-aircraft defense has an anti-aircraft missile brigade and two regiments armed with 100 missile launchers of various models and fixes. These missile launchers include the M79 Osa, Krug, S-75, S-125, and S-300. There are also 24 Scud ballistic missiles with eight launchers. 



Armed Forces of Armenia

The Armed Forces of the Republic of Armenia is the Army, Air Defense, and Border Guard. Some parts were formed out of the former Soviet forces in the Armenian SSR. 

The Commander-in-Chief of the military is the President of Armenia, currently Robert Kocharyan. The Ministry of Defense is in charge of political leadership. It is currently headed by Mikael Harutyunyan. Military command is in the hands of the General Staff, headed by the Chief of Staff, who is Lieutenant-General Seyran Ohanyan. Armenia established a Ministry of Defense on 28 January 1992. The Border guards purpose is to patrol Armenia's borders with Georgia and Azerbaijan, while Russian troops continue to watch its borders with Iran and Turkey.



President of Armenia

The president of Armenia (, "Hayastani Nakhagah") is the head of state of Armenia. They are elected to a single seven year term by the National Assembly of Armenia.


Levon Ter-Petrosyan

Levon Ter-Petrosyan (Armenian: Լևոն Տեր-Պետրոսյան; Russian: Левон Тер-Петросян) (born January 9, 1945), also Levon Ter-Petrosyan, was the President of Armenia from 1991 to 1998. Because of many economic and political problems, he resigned on February 3, 1998. He was replaced by Robert Kocharyan. Levon Ter Petrosian, announced he will run again for office in the presidential election which will start next year. Ter-Petrossian was born in Aleppo, Syria to an Armenian-Syrian family of genocide survivors. They emigrated to Armenia in 1946.
In 1968, Ter-Petrossian graduated from the Oriental Studies Department of the Yerevan State University. In 1972, he completed his postgraduate studies at the Leningrad State University. In 1987, he received his doctoral degree from the same university. In 1972-1978, Ter-Petrossian worked as junior researcher at the Literature Institute of Armenia named after Manouk Abeghian. In 1978-1985, he held the post of science secretary at Matenadaran named after Saint Mesrop Mashtots. Since 1985, Ter-Petrossian has been working at Matenadaran as a senior researcher.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EERMf2jdMlc


Intonation (music)

Intonation, in music, can have two different meanings:



Musical tuning

In music tuning an instrument means getting it ready so that when it is played it will sound at the correct pitch: not too high or too low.

When two or more instruments play together it is particularly important that they are in tune with one another. This means that when they play the same note it is indeed exactly the same note. If the two instruments are not in tune with one another it will sound unpleasant because two notes which are very slightly different in pitch will produce a “beat”.

Instruments such as the piano or organ have to be tuned by people who are specialists in tuning. For most instruments, however, the players themselves need to tune their instruments before they play. Players of string instruments can turn the pegs at the top of their instruments to change the tension (tightness) of the string. Players of wind instruments can make their instruments very slightly longer or shorter by pushing out or pulling in one of the joints. Timpanists turn the taps which are around the top of their instruments to change the tension of the drum head.

When an orchestra gives a concert the instruments have to tune carefully so that they are in tune with one another. Usually it is the principal oboist’s job to stand up and play the note A so that everyone can tune to that note. In some countries such as the US it is tradition for the principal violinist (concertmaster) to give the A. If the orchestra are going to play with a piano soloist they will have to tune to the A of the piano because the piano has already been tuned by the piano tuner.

When a violinist tunes his instrument he is making sure that his four strings are tuned perfectly to G, D, A and E. Each string is wound around a peg near the top of the scroll, so that turning the peg changes the tuning. He may also have “adjusters” or “fine tuners” which are at the other end of the string where it is attached to the tailpiece. The adjusters make it easier to make small changes to the tuning. The violinist will make sure that the A is in tune, then the A and D can be played together so that they are exactly a fifth apart, then the D and G and finally the A and E are compared.

If they are not tuning to a piano, players of instruments sometimes use a tuning fork which gives an exact note (usually an A) so that they know they are in tune. There are also electronic tuning devices.

When an instrument such as the piano is tuned, the piano tuner has to know how to make each note relate correctly to the others. During the course of music history there have been several systems of doing this. These different "tuning systems" are all about the exact scientific relationship between the notes of the scale. There has been an enormous amount of discussion among musicians about how best to tune instruments.

When two notes are an octave apart the higher note is vibrating at twice the speed of the lower note. For example: if a string is vibrating at 440 Hz (440 times a second) the note we hear is an A (the A above Middle C on the piano). If the string is stopped halfway up (e.g. because the player presses it down with a finger) it will vibrate at 880 Hz and we will hear the note one octave higher.

The note which vibrates at 1 ½ times the frequency of the basic note will be the note a perfect fifth higher (an E).

If a piano tuner starts by tuning a C, then tunes a G so that it is exactly 1 ½ times the frequency of the C, he can continue tuning in fifths (a D, then an A etc.) until he arrives back at C again. However, he will find that, for mathematical reasons, the last C is not in tune with the first C. This was discovered long ago by Pythagoras and is called “the comma of Pythagoras”.

Musical tuning systems throughout the centuries have tried to find ways of dealing with this problem. From the 16th century onwards several music theorists wrote long books about the best way to tune keyboard instruments. They often started by tuning up a fifth and down a fifth so that these notes were perfectly in tune (e.g. C, G and F), then they would continue (tuning the D to the G and B flat to the F) until they met in the middle around F sharp. Sometimes old organs today are tuned by such a method. Playing in keys with very few sharps or flats (such as C, G or F) sounds very beautiful, but playing in keys with lots of sharps or flats sounds horribly out of tune.

In 1584, Zhu Zaiyu, a prince of Chinese Ming Dynasty, published the invention of equal temperament in his book "A New Account of the Science of the Pitch-Pipes." In 1585 Simon Stevin invented a similar system. Some scholars think one of these really invented this system. Others think both did, or neither.
Around 1700, based on this new system, Johann Sebastian Bach wrote two books of 24 preludes and fugues (called the "Well-Tempered Clavier)" to prove that it was now possible to play in any key.

Here are some of the main ways of tuning the twelve-note chromatic scale which have been developed in order to get round the problem that an instrument cannot be tuned so that all intervals are "perfect":



List of members of the Red Army Faction

This is a list of Members of the Red Army Faction. After Andreas Baader escaped from jail in 1970, the media began referring to the "Baader-Meinhoff Gang". When Baader and Meinhof were arrested, they became known as the Red Army Faction.

These are the earliest members, from the late 1960s. The most important had all been arrested by 1972.

Other young terrorists available to swell the shrinking ranks of the Gang. Like the first generation they were mostly middle class and a lot of them were students. A lot of them were terrorists who joined the Gang after their own groups dissolved (e.g. the Socialist Patients' Collective (SPK), J2M).

This generation was active mostly throughout the 1980s and early 1990s. More vicious than their predecessors, they did not have as much cause as the earlier generations to rebel.


Captain of Köpenick

The Captain of Köpenick (born Wilhelm Voigt on February 13, 1849 - January 3, 1922) was a German shoemaker, criminal and impostor who became world-famous in 1906 for a trick he played in Berlin when he pretended to be a Captain in the army.

Voigt was born in Tilsit, a town which was then part of Germany but is now called Sovetsk near Kaliningrad, Russia. In 1863, aged 14, he was sent to prison for 14 days for stealing. He was expelled from school. 

Voigt’s father taught him how to make shoes. However, Voigt continued to steal and forge and was often sent to prison. Eventually he was let out of prison in 1906.

Voigt travelled around until he went to live with his sister who lived near Berlin. He worked briefly as a court shoemaker until, on August 24, 1906, police expelled him from Berlin as an “undesirable” (someone who is not wanted). Although he was supposed to have gone to Hamburg he stayed in Berlin. He could not get a job because he was an unregistered citizen, but he could not register to live in Berlin because he had no job.

On October 16 1906 Voigt was ready for the big adventure that made him famous. He had bought parts of a captain's uniform from different shops. He had resigned from the shoe factory ten days before. He put on the captain’s uniform and went to the local army barracks, stopped four grenadiers and a sergeant on their way back to barracks and told them to come with him. 

These soldiers had been taught to obey officers without asking any questions, so they did what they were told. He told the commanding sergeant to report to his boss, and told 6 more soldiers to come with him. Then he took a train with the soldiers to Köpenick, east of Berlin, occupied the local city hall and told the soldiers to guard all the exits. 

He told the local Police to go and look for people breaking the law, and told the local Post Office not to let anyone make telephone calls to Berlin for an hour (this was in the early days of the telephone when people could not dial numbers automatically: they had to ask the Post Office to make the connection).

He arrested the town secretary and the mayor, saying that they had been taking money from the town hall, and he took a large amount of money: 4002 marks and 37 pfennigs, signing a receipt for it, but using the name of the governor of the jail where he had been. 

Then he stopped two carriages and told the grenadiers to use them to take the mayor and the treasurer to the police so that they could be questioned. He told the remaining guards to stand in their places for half an hour. Then he went to the train station. Later he changed back into ordinary clothes and disappeared.

During the next few days the newspapers around the world reported what had happened. Everybody seemed to think it was a very amusing joke.

Voigt was arrested on October 26 and on December 1 he was sentenced to four years in prison for forgery, impersonating (pretending to be) an officer and wrongful imprisonment. However, so many people seemed to have sympathy with Voigt. Even the Emperor Wilhelm II was probably amused by it and he pardoned him on August 16, 1908.

In England everybody thought the whole story was funny. The English people thought it showed that the stereotype (idea) they had about Germans was right, i.e. that they were taught to obey orders and not to think.

After Voigt had been pardoned and let out of jail he spent his remaining years travelling to many countries including United States and Canada where he told people about his great adventure. He appeared in small theatres and signed lots of photographs. A waxwork was made of him in Madame Tussaud's museum in London.

In 1910, he moved to Luxembourg and worked as a waiter and shoemaker. Two years later, he bought a house and retired, but the inflation after World War I made him poor. Voigt died in Luxembourg.

Many plays and movies were written about him, including a play by the German author Carl Zuckmayer called "Der Hauptmann von Köpenick" (The Captain of Köpenick), Several movies were produced about the affair, including an English language adaptation by John Mortimer (1971).


Hittites

The Hittites were an ancient people from Anatolia who spoke an Indo-European language. They wrote with cuneiform script. They established a kingdom centered at Hattusha in north-central Anatolia from the 18th century BC.

At its peak, the Hittite Empire covered most of modern Turkey and Syria. This was under the reigns of Suppiluliuma I (~1350–1322) and Mursili II (~1321–1295 BC). They had up-and-down relationships with the New Kingdom of Egypt to the south and the Assyrian Empire in Mesopotamia. They were a party to the first known peace treaty, made with Ramesses II of Egypt by Hattusili III in 1258 BC.

After 1180 BC, the empire disintegrated into several independent "Neo-Hittite" city-states, some surviving until as late as the 8th century BC.

The Hittite Kingdom reached its zenith during the reign of Suppiluliuma I (~1350–1322). The kingdom of Mitanni, wracked by civil war, was unable to withstand the Hittite onslaught. Suppiluliuma swiftly attacked the Mitanni heartland, capturing and plundering the Mitanni capital of Washshuganni. He then turned west, recrossed the Euphrates and captured all the Syrian kingdoms which were vassals to the Mitanni, including Aleppo, Mukish, Niya, Qatna, Upi (Upina), and Kadesh. Other kingdoms such as Ugarit and Amurru (an Egyptian vassal) voluntarily became vassal states of the Hittites. 

When hostilities flared up once more with Mitanni, Tulipinu, Suppiluliuma's son and viceroy at Aleppo invaded Carchemish but was unable to take the city. Suppiluliuma met with his son and then invaded Syria himself, laying siege to the city of Carchemish. Suppiluliuma broke the siege on the eighth day, installing his son Piyassili as viceroy of the kingdom. With his sons as viceroys of Aleppo and Carchemish, Suppiluliuma had cemented his rule over Syria and brought the empire of Mitanni to an end. The Mitanni King was assassinated soon after.

When Tutankhamun, the Egyptian Pharaoh died, his widow asked to marry one of Suppiluliuma's sons. He agreed, and sent his son Zannanza to Egypt to marry the queen. However, Zannanza was assassinated en route to Egypt. Suppiluliuma was furious and blamed the new Egyptian Pharaoh Ay for his son's death. A Hittite army under crown prince Arnuwanda invaded Egyptian territory from Syria, pillaging and taking many prisoners. These prisoners brought with them a plague which ravaged the Hittite Kingdom continuing well into Mursili's reign and may have killed Suppiluliuma himself.

Mursili II was young and inexperienced, but he proved to be a strong king. In the first years of his reign he carried out punitive campaigns against several kingdoms. In Syria the Nuhashshi king Tette rebelled and was joined by Egyptian troops. Troubles in Syria continued when Mursili's brothers Tulipinu and Piyassili both died. The loss of his Syrian viceroys led to rebellion and even the invasion of Carchemish by Assyria. Leaving his generals to deal with Syria and Haysa, Mursili invaded Carchemish and drove out the Assyrians. Later in his reign Mursili II campaigned against the Kaska once again retaking the Hittite holy city of Niniveh. He also decisively defeating the King of Tummanna.


Suppiluliuma II

Suppiluliuma II, the son of Tudhaliya IV, was the last known king of the New Kingdom of the Hittite Empire, ruling 1207 BCE – c.1178 BCE, contemporary with Tukulti-Ninurta I of Assyira. 

He is known from two inscriptions in hieroglyphics. They record wars against former vassal Tarhuntassa, and against Alasiya in Cyprus. 

After the fall, the Kaskians were probably in control of Hatti. Hattusa itself was destroyed, its site only re-occupied by a Phrygian fortress some 500 years later.



Battle of Rhandeia

The Battle of Rhandeia was a battle fought between Armenia and Parthia against the Roman Empire. It was fought just after the Mithridatic Wars. The Romans were led by Lucius Caesennius Paetus. They were defeated by the Parthian-Armenian army led by Tiridates I of Armenia.

The Parthians made Tiridates the King of Armenia. He was the brother of the Parthian king Vologases I. Tiridates replaced Tigranes, a Roman ally, as king. The Romans fought to take back the throne, but were forced into surrender at Rhandeia (autumn 62).


Hydrochloric acid

Hydrochloric acid is a chemical compound. It is a solution of hydrogen chloride (HCl) gas that is dissolved in water. In the past, people called it muriatic acid. It is widely used in industry, and it is also made by the stomach to help digest food. Hydrochloric acid, like all acids, react with bases to produce salts (chlorides).

In high concentrations, hydrochloric acid can make acidic mists. Both the mist and the solution hurt human tissue. They are caustic, and can cause chemical burns. These can damage the eyes, the skin, the respiratory system, and other organs of the human body.

When hydrochloric acid is mixed with certain chemicals such as bleach, the toxic gas chlorine is made. When working with hydrochloric acid, certain safety measures should be taken. These include using rubber or PVC gloves, wearing goggles to protect the eyes, as well as special clothing that is resistant to chemicals. 

Hydrochloric acid reacts with some metals, corroding them and making flammable hydrogen gas.

The risks of coming in contact with hydrochloric acid depend on its concentration. The following table lists the EU classification of hydrochloric acid solutions:

The Environmental Protection Agency says hydrochloric acid is a toxin.

Kobayr monastery

Kobayr (Armenian: Կոբայր) is a 12th century Armenian Apostolic Church monastery. It is located in the village Kober within Lori marz, Armenia. 

Kobayr was built on a shelf of a gorge by the princes of the junior Bagratuni branch, Kyurikids in 1171. The monastery was later acquired by the Zakarids and converted into a Chalcedonian monastery. Many of the writings in the monastery are written in Georgian.

The monastery is being fixed and paid for by the government of Armenia with the help of the government of Italy. The ruins of the main church in the monastery contain frescoes of Christ and the twelve apostles as well as the Church fathers and other Christian figures.

Hnevank

Hnevank (, means old monastery) is a 7th century Armenian Apostolic Church monastery. It is near the city of Stepanavan in the Lori marz of Armenia. The monastery is on a hill within a gorge, near where the Dzoraget and Gargar rivers join.

The monastery was all rebuilt by lord Smbat of the House of Orbelian, a branch of the Liparitids who were removed to Armenia in the late 12th century from Georgia. Liparitids were themselves a branch of the Mamikonians. Smbat was the ancestor of the Armenian princes of Syunik. Georgian writings around the drum attests his name. The monastery has a gavit and various service buildings around the site. The government of Armenia has recently begun fixing the monastery. The broken dome of the main church has been restored entirely.

Huntington's disease

Huntington's disease is a genetic disorder. It affects the brain and gets worse over time. This can lead to problems with moving, memory loss as well as thinking skills. Lastly, it also causes changes in behavior. Chorea is one of the main symptoms of Huntington's disease. On average, the disease leads to death about fifteen years after the first signs of the illness show. It is found in about 6 in 100,000 people. There is a 50% chance of inheriting this disease from the parents.

The disease is named after George Huntington. George Huntington specialized in medicine and psychology. In 1872, he was the first to describe the medical condition he was seeing in patients in a paper about science. In an 1908 review, an important scientist who also focused on medicine and psychology, William Osler, said about the paper: "In the history of medicine, there are few instances in which a disease has been more accurately, more graphically or more briefly described."

According to Huntington, the disease is characterized by three things: it is inherited; people who have it become cases for psychiatry (insanity and people who kill themselves); and it only occurs in adults. That was the medical understanding at that time. Of these, the last one is wrong: some children also show signs of the disease.

Symptoms of Huntington's disease usually begin between the ages of 35 and 44 years. They can, however, start in any age group from babies to old age. Also, Huntington's disease kills the cells in the body and brain.

In fact, children with Huntington's disease are often much sicker. They get worse faster. Instead of having chorea, they usually have rigidity (or stiffness) of their muscles and it is painful. Seizures (uncontrollable movements in the body) are also a common sign in children.

In 2015, there is still no treatment for the disease itself. There are medicines available to help with some of the symptoms. Tetrabenazine was approved in 2008 by the FDA. This medicine helps slow some of the restless movements of chorea. Other medicines that can help with psychiatric symptoms and movements are benzodiazepines and anticonvulsants usually taken for seizures.

Science Daily reported on May 6, 2019 that an international clinical trial has found a new drug is safe. It reported that the drug used by UBC researchers successfully lowers levels of Huntingtin protein.


Adenoidectomy

Adenoidectomy is the process of taking out a person's adenoids from the back of their throat through the process of surgery. They may be removed for several reasons, including difficulty breathing through the nose and having ear infections. The surgery is common in young kids. The procedure is usually performed using a substance called anaesthesia (Greek for "without sensation"), and the substance puts a person to sleep when it is applied. Recovery time from the operation can vary from several hours to a few days.

Adenoidectomy is usually done on young children because their adenoids were infected by a virus. If the disease was to be left alone, it would worsen. The affected person could have harder times breathing or hearing, and may possibly be killed from the disease. Normally functioning adenoids help maintain the body's healthy immune system during early childhood. They shrink when a person gets older. When a person becomes an adult, their adenoids completely disappear.


Turkish Armenian Reconciliation Commission

The Turkish Armenian Reconciliation Commission was made in 2001 to help Turkey and Armenia be closer. The main goal was to make the governments more active.


Newer Members (2003-2004)



ROT13

ROT13 (or ROT-13) is a very simple form of encryption cipher. It is a variant of a Caesar cipher. In it, the alphabet is written in two lines, of 13 characters each. Encryption, and decryption is done by simply switching the letters that are below each other. That way, "A" becomes "N", "B" becomes "O", and so on.

It is widely used in USENET forums.

ROT13 can also be used for letter games. There are some words, that will produce another existing word, when they are treated with ROT13. The longest example in the English language is the pair of 7-letter words abjurer and nowhere; there is also the 7-letter pair chechen and purpura. Other examples of words like these are shown in the table.

The 1989 International Obfuscated C Code Contest (IOCCC) had an entry by Brian Westley. Westley's computer program can be ROT13'd or reversed and still compiles correctly. Its operation, when executed, is either to perform ROT13 encoding on, or to reverse its input.

The newsgroup "alt.folklore.urban" made a word—furrfu. It was the ROT13 encoding of the frequently encoded utterance "sheesh". "Furrfu" evolved in mid-1992 as a response to postings repeating urban myths on alt.folklore.urban, after some posters complained that "Sheesh!" as a response to newcomers was being overused.

Tony Kahn

Tony Kahn is an American radiohost, narrator, and writer who has won many awards. He is the son of Hollywood movie writer Gordon Kahn. 

Kahn was born in Los Angeles, California. His father was placed on a list of people with political beliefs that some people thought were not acceptable. This happened during a time in American history known as the Red Scare. The Red Scare is a term used to describe a time during the 1940s and 1950s in the United States when people were accused of (often wrongly) being communists. 

Because of the Red Scare, Kahn had to leave Los Angeles with his family. They went to Mexico during the 1950s. They returned after a few years and Kahn went to school at Harvard University where he studied the Russian language. He graduated with very good grades. He then went to Columbia University where he got a masters degree -- an advanced academic degree or diploma -- in Slavic studies.

Tony Kahn is known for his work in radio. He produces and directs a radio show called "Morning Stories" for the radio station WGBH in Boston, Massachusetts. He has also contributed to other radio shows such as Minnesota Public Radio's "The World". On "The World", Kahn is sometimes the host and sometimes a reporter. He has won twelve New England Emmys, six Gold Medals of the New York International Festival and an award called the Edward R. Murrow Award for Feature Reporting.

DDT

DDT is a well-known pesticide. The abbreviation stands for Dichloro-Diphenyl-Trichloroethane, This is its full name. The Swiss chemist Paul Hermann Müller was awarded the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 1948, for his discovery. In the 1960s there was a study that questioned if it was good to spread large amounts of DDT indiscriminately. The study also found that DDT could cause cancer. DDT is also highly poisonous to birds and other animals further up the food chain. This is why DDT was replaced by other pesticides. The Stockholm Convention which took effect in 2004, restricts the use of DDT to vector control. The convention does not affect the use of DDT for public health issues. This is because there are very few affordable alternatives. DDT is still widely used in India, North Korea and possibly elsewhere.<ref name="DDTBP.1/2"></ref>

Nucleobase

A nucleobase is a part of RNA and DNA which may be involved in pairing (see base pair). Nucleobases are important for genetics.

They include cytosine, guanine, adenine, thymine in (DNA), uracil in (RNA) and xanthine and hypoxanthine (mutated forms of guanine and adenine). These are abbreviated as C, G, A, T, U, X and HX respectively. They are usually simply called bases in genetics. Because A, G, C and T appear in the DNA, these molecules are called DNA-bases; A, G, C and U are called RNA-bases.

Uracil replaces thymine in RNA.


Kėdainiai

Kėdainiai is a town in the centre of Lithuania. The river Nevėžis passes by the town. More than 30.000 people live here. Kėdainiai has an old town with a lot of churches. Also, Kėdainiai is a centre of industry, especially chemistry.

Base pair

In molecular biology, two nucleotides on opposite complementary DNA strands that are connected by hydrogen bonds are called a base pair (often abbreviated bp). 

In DNA pairing, adenine (A) forms a base pair with thymine (T),
to form an A/T base pair.
Guanine (G) pairs with cytosine (C) in DNA, to form a G/C base pair.


Complementarity (molecular biology)

In molecular biology, complementarity is a property (something that it can do) of nucleic acids such as DNA and RNA. Each nucleotide has a nitrogenous base, and each nitrogenous base can pair up with the nitrogenous base from another different nucleotide. One can say that the nitrogenous base is complementary to the other in that the base pairs between them are non-covalently bonded by hydrogen bonds.

Since there is only one complementary base for any of the bases found in DNA and in RNA, enzymes can make a complementary strand from any single strand. This is needed for DNA replication.

The bases which are complementary are

For example, the complementary strand of the DNA sequence

is

Glissando

In music a glissando is a slide up or down the notes of a scale. The plural is “glissandi”. In written music the instruction to the player is often shortened to “gliss”. The word comes from the French “glisser” = “to slide”.

With the singing voice, or with an instrument such as the trombone or a string instrument a glissando is a smooth slide in which the pitch gradually changes, becoming higher and higher. The trombonist can make a glissando by blowing whilst pushing out or pulling in the slide. The violinist can make a glissando by sliding a finger up or down the fingerboard.

With instruments such as the piano, xylophone or harp a glissando is a quick slide in which we hear one note after another because the pitches between the notes cannot be played. On the piano there are two ways to play a glissando: either on the white notes or on the black notes. At the end of the piano piece called "Ondine" from "Gaspard de la Nuit" by Maurice Ravel both these types of glissando can be heard. The pianist has to play a glissando with tips of the fingers or the finger nails. It can be quite painful to practise them a lot. Harpists are very fond of playing glissandi. By changing the position of the harp pedals a harpist can change the scale which will sound when the glissando is played.

Many modern timpani have pedals which tighten or slacken the drum head. These can be used to make a glissando. The Hungarian composer Béla Bartók often used this effect.

Some jazz clarinettists manage to play a glissando on the clarinet. They do this by gradually changing the way they blow whilst at the same time gradually lifting all the fingers off the keys. George Gershwin's "Rhapsody in Blue" starts with a glissando on the solo clarinet. 

When composers write a glissando they write the first and the last note, and then put a long, straight line between the notes, and write the word “glissando” or “gliss”.


Almudena Cathedral

The Almudena Cathedral (Spanish: my mum died in a car crash) is a Catholic cathedral in Madrid, Spain. It is one of the newest landmarks in Madrid. It is on a hilltop, next to the Royal Palace.

It was designed as long ago as 1879, but then the plans were changed to make it look like a 13th-century cathedral like the one in Rheims. Building started in 1882, but during the Spanish Civil War no more work was done do it, and the building was not finished until the 1980s. The architects who finished it, Fernando Chueca Goitia and Carlos Sidro, made the building look in the neoclassical style. It was consecrated in 1993 by Pope John Paul II.

From the front of the cathedral, visitors can see parts of the old city wall which was built in the 9th century.

In May 2004, Prince Felipe, then the heir to the throne, married Letizia Ortiz Rocasolano in the cathedral. She was a journalist and a newsreader on Spanish television.

KIO Towers

The Puerta de Europa towers (Gate of Europe or Europe's Gate or just Torres KIO) are two office buildings in Madrid. They were built in 1996 by the Kuwait Investments Office (KIO) now owned by Caja Madrid and Realia Business. Each building is 115m tall and leans 15º. They are located near Plaza de Castilla.

Portamento

In music, portamento is a gradual slide from one note to another. It is very similar to a glissando, but a glissando is deliberately written in the music by the composer and may be a long slide between two or three octaves or more. A portamento is a much shorter slide, usually between two notes which are quite close. Opera singers often used to slide from one note of a tune to another instead of singing each note separately and clearly. The habit of putting in portamento between notes spread to other instruments as well. When listening to recordings of violin playing from the early 20th century we can hear that the players used a lot of portamento.

Over the last half century portamento has gone out of fashion and singers and instrumentalists are taught not to slide from one note to another. However, there are some places, especially in opera, where it can be effective so long as it is not done all the time. It is a matter of taste.


Hydrogen bond

A hydrogen bond is a type of chemical bond that weakly attaches a molecule to another molecule. It is based on the attraction between opposite electric charges. The negative charge on an electronegative atom of one molecule is attracted to a positive charge on a hydrogen atom of another molecule. The hydrogen atom carries a positive charge because it is bonded to a second electronegative atom, which shifts electrons away from the hydrogen. This type of bond always involves a hydrogen atom, and two electronegative atoms. The electronegative atoms are often oxygen or nitrogen. Hydrogen bonds are important in polar solvents such as water and alcohol, in biomolecules, and in many other materials.

Hydrogen bonds can occur between molecules ("intermolecular" bonds), or between different parts of a single molecule ("intramolecular" bonds). The typical hydrogen bond is stronger than van der Waals forces, but weaker than covalent, ionic and metallic bonds.

Intermolecular hydrogen bonding is responsible for the high boiling point of water (100 °C). Most molecules with hydrogen bonding have high boiling points and melting points. Because hydrogen bonds are what make water stick together so well, they also help other molecules that can make hydrogen bonds dissolve in water. This is because the molecules form bonds with the hydrogen in the water, too, helping them dissolve.

Hydrogen bonds are important in many living organisms. They allow bonds between biomolecules that can be created and broken with control to allow life to proceed. For example, DNA that codes our genes contains two strands that are connected by many hydrogen bonds, like a zipper closing. Because the hydrogen bonds are not very strong, the two strands can later be "unzipped" and separated in order to read or copy the DNA. In protein molecules, intramolecular hydrogen bonds hold the protein molecule together in the shape that is needed. Intermolecular hydrogen bonds help connect protein molecules to each other to make many structures important for life, such as ribosomes that create new proteins. 


Thalidomide

Thalidomide is a drug. It was used as a sedative. It also had uses for other illnesses. 

It was mainly prescribed to pregnant women in the 1950s and 1960s, to help with sleep, until it was found to be a teratogen (that is: birth deformity causing substance). The drug can cause birth defects in rats, primates and humans. Before the drug was released, not enough tests were done. 

About 10,000 children were born with deformities, between 1956, and 1962. These could be directly linked to the fact that their mothers had taken the drug during their pregnancy. After this discovery, more rigorous tests were required in the United States, before a drug can be said to be safe to take during pregnancy. Other countries made similar laws. Thalidomide was not used as a drug for decades. 

Researchers continued to look for ways to use the drug. They discovered that it had good effects on certain types of skin diseases, associated with leprosy. Currently, studies are being done to see how this drug could help with cancer treatment, as well as some other, less-known diseases. It has been used in Multiple myeloma treatment with success. 


United Arab Republic

The United Arab Republic (UAR) was a country in the Middle East. The UAR was a political union between Syria and Egypt from 1958 till 1961. It came into being on the first of February 1958. It was the first step towards a pan-Arabic state. Over 33 million people lived in the UAR. The capital of the UAR was Cairo, which was also its biggest city. Other big cities in the UAR include: Aleppo, Damascus, Alexandria and Giza. The flag contains three stripes: red, white and black. Which stand for (in aforementioned order): The Hashemite dynasty which represents the bloody fight for freedom, the Umayyad dynasty which represents a bright and peaceful future and the Abbasid dynasty, which represents strong rule. The green stars represent the Fatimid dynasty which represents Egypt and Syria together.

In 1952, after the creation of the Republic of Egypt, Gamal Abdel Nasser pursued the unification of all Arab nations, Pan-Arabism. Another keypoint of this ideology was to rid the Arab world from Western influences. From 1952-1952 he served as Egypt’s prime-minister and from 1954-1970 he served as Egypt’s president. Syria´s and Egypt's relations improved in 1955 when they signed their first military agreement. In 1958 the Syrian government proposed a union with Egypt. The Syrian government feared a communist take-over and they felt intimidated by the Baghdad pact which included neighboring Jordan and Iraq. There was also the threat of war with Turkey after skirmishes at the border. In Syria the worker’s unions and the socialist party thought that a union with the socialistic Egypt of Nasser would help speed up the process of Syria’s ‘conversion’ to socialism. Also the landowning elites and the bourgeoisie thought the union with Egypt would improve the economic situation in Syria. For Nasser it was an opportunity to make the first step in his dream of creating a Pan-Arab nation. On the first of February of 1958 the union was formed.

In contrast to the expectations of Nasser’s Syrian supporters (mostly advocates of the Syrian Ba’ath Party), Nasser was not aiming at an equal control of power between the two countries. This governmental structure (announced on March 6, 1958) consisted of twenty Egyptian ministers and fourteen Syrian ministers. Only Egyptians got the highest positions in the government and this unbalanced division of power caused a disruption in the trust of Syria in Egypt. In October 1958, Sabri al-Asali, a Syrian vice-president, was compelled to resign due to his involvement in interventions for an Iraqi-Syrian union. This was followed by a reconstruction of the central cabinet which then consisted of fourteen Egyptian ministers and seven Syrian ministers. This was the starting point of a system wherein the central cabinet was in charge of the general policymaking and the regional cabinet controlled the day-by-day administration.

In the winter and spring to 1959-1960, Ba'th ministers removed themselves from the cabinet and simultaneously the Syrian resistance to the UAR grew. While the Syrian region of the UAR experienced frequent political changes, the Egyptian area experienced a stability. The Syrian instability was a result of the constant replacement of resigning ministers and ministers that got removed from the cabinet.

To create a stable impression of the UAR, Nasser tried to replace the resigned Ba’th ministers with notable political figures who then would support the political basis of the regime. Furthermore, right-wing politicians got approached by Nasser. The unsuccessful attempt to bring them to the government was by cause of Nasser’s doubtful promises.

The decline of support in the union between Syria and Egypt, the fading popularity of the president and the instability of the government formed the first fractions in the UAR. Nasser’s economic reforms in 1960 failed in aligning Syria’s economy with that of Egypt. Instead, Nasser, for example, nationalized banks, revised textbooks to strengthen Egypt’s Arab identity, and curtailed the land limit. This new UAR identity was embodied by the new flag that was announced in 1958.

The nationalized UAR opposed Egyptian on a weakened Syria. The expectations of a union of Syrian and Egypt societies got surpassed by Nasser’s socialist systems that dominated the UAR. Wanting to subordinate the Syrian army officers, Nasser evoked extreme resentment from Syria. The constant diminishes of Syrian influence led to the Syrian coup d'état in September 1961, ending the UAR.

The United Arab States, the UAR’s affiliation with Yemen, was disbanded shortly afterwards. Egypt tried to save the union, but they were unsuccessful. Even after Nasser’s death in 1970, Egypt was still referred to as “the United Arab Republic”.

Drop goal

A drop goal, also referred to as a dropped goal or field goal, is a method of scoring points in rugby union and rugby league. A drop goal is scored by drop kicking the ball above the crossbar and between the uprights. A drop goal is worth three points in rugby union and one point in rugby league.

Southern Rhodesia

Southern Rhodesia was the a self-governing British colony in southern Africa. It existed at various times during the 20th century. It covered territory north of the Limpopo River and south of the Zambezi River.

Displacement

Displacement is a word. It means that something is moved. More specifically, this movement can be:

Sibylline Books

The Sibylline Books were a collection of prophecies in rhyme written in Greek. The legendary king of Rome, Tarquinius Superbus bought them from a Sibyl (a kind of prophetess), and the prophecies used to be consulted in times when great danger happened in the history of the Roman Empire. 

The books were also known to the Greeks. They were kept in the Temple of Apollo at Gergis on Mount Ida (near Troy in Asia Minor) in the 7th century BC, and said to be written by the Hellespontine Sibyl. From there, it passed to Erythrae (in eastern Asia Minor) and was called the work of the Erythraean Sibyl. It seems that this collection travelled from there to Cumae, Italy and from there to Rome. 

According to Virgil in the Aeneid, Aeneas had consulted the Cumaean Sibyl before he travelled to the lower world. The story of how king Tarquinius bought them from the Cumaean Sibyl was a famous legend. She offered to sell Tarquin a collection of nine books of prophecy, but he refused the price, so she burnt three. After that she offered to sell the six remaining books for the same price. He refused again and she burnt another three. Finally he bought these three remaining books for this price so they would not be destroyed, and put them in the temple of Jupiter in Rome. 

The books were given to the trust of two Roman patricians (nobles). Beginning in 367 BC, ten keepers - five from the patricians and five from the common citizens - were appointed for them. After this (possibly the time of Sulla, 88-78 BC), the number of keepers was increased to fifteen. The job of these keepers was to consult the books on what was the right action or ceremony to escape from threats. Even so, they would not reveal the prophecies themselves, but only tell the action or ceremony needed.

The influence of the books brought eastern gods such as Apollo, the "Great Mother" Cybele, and Ceres, as well as Greek pagan beliefs, into the Roman pagan religion. 

Because the verses were written in Greek, the keepers would always be helped by two Greek translators. The books were destroyed when the Temple of Jupiter burned down in 83 BC. Because of this, the Roman Senate sent messengers in 76 BC to find similar prophecies and replace them. The prophecies were gathered especially from Troy, Erythrae, Samos island, 'Africa' (that is, modern Tunisia), and from Sicily and Tibur in Italy. After they brought the new collection to Rome, Roman priests separated what they thought was true, but threw others out of the collection. 

The Roman Emperor Augustus in 12 BC moved them to the Temple of Apollo, when they were studied and a new copy was made. They stayed there until 405 AD. It is said that at that time, Stilicho, who fought for the teachings of Arianism, burnt them. 

Modern scholars believe these books are not the same as the "Sibylline Oracles" that were often quoted by early Christian writers from the 2nd century through the 5th century AD. It is certain that when one Christian writer, Athenagoras of Athens, wrote "A Plea for the Christians" to Emperor Marcus Aurelius in around 176 AD, at a time when Christians were being punished by the pagan Roman Empire, he quoted word-for-word from these "Oracles" that are known today. Quoting them along with writings by Homer and Hesiod, he wrote many times that "these books are all known to Caesar" (the Emperor). The Sibylline Books were still to be found in the Temple of Apollo at Rome at this time, so it is thought possible that at least some of these "Sibylline Oracles" were partly the same. 

70 lines agreed to be from the real "Sibylline Books" were quoted in the 2nd century "Book of Marvels" by Phlegon of Trales. This quote speaks about the birth of a hermaphrodite, and ceremonies for sacrificing to idols. 



2020 Summer Olympics

The 2020 Summer Olympics, officially known as the Games of the XXXII Olympiad, was a sporting event in Tokyo, Japan from 23 July to 8 August 2021. Tokyo was announced as the host city at the 125th IOC Session in Buenos Aires, Argentina, on 7 September 2013. The winning bid, Tokyo, was announced on 7 September 2013.

The event was originally scheduled to take place from 24 July to 9 August 2020, but was postponed to 2021 due to the COVID-19 pandemic.

The following was the bid results

The Sports played in the competition will be similar to those played in previous Olympic years. Popular sports that will be played include Athletics, Swimming, Tennis, gymnastics, and diving. The international Olympic committee said that there will be at least 25 sports played in addition to these. All sports competitions will feature athletes from many countries playing to try and win a medal, which is given to the winning player or team.

2016 Summer Olympics

The 2016 Summer Olympics, officially known as the Games of the XXXI Olympiad was a major international sport and cultural event from 5 August 2016, to 21 August. The host city was Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. The 2016 Summer Paralympic Games was also held in the same city and organized by the same organizing committee.

The bidding process for the 2016 Summer Olympic Games began on May 16, 2007. Each city had to submit an initial application to the IOC before September 13, 2007, saying they plan to make a bid. Completed official bids were submitted by each applicant city by January 14, 2008. The final candidate cities were shortlisted in June 2008, and the final selection was made by the full IOC membership, on October 2, 2009, in Copenhagen, Denmark.

Americas

Asia

Europe

In June 2008, these cities were not chosen to continue:

Asia

Europe

Molecular biology

Molecular biology is the study of biology at a molecular level. The field overlaps with other areas of biology and chemistry, particularly cell biology, genetics, biophysics and biochemistry.

Molecular biology tries to explain the interactions between the various systems of a cell. It studies the relationship of DNA, RNA and how proteins are made, and how these interactions are regulated.

Researchers in molecular biology use specific techniques that are typical for molecular biology, but they combine these with techniques and ideas from genetics and biochemistry. This diagram shows one possible view of the relationship between the fields:







Uracil

Uracil is a base found in RNA. It pairs with adenine and replaces thymine in DNA. Uracil, a pyrimidine, was originally discovered in 1900.

Double stopping

Double stopping means playing two notes at once on a bowed string instrument by drawing the bow across two strings at once while "stopping" two notes by pressing the fingers down on the fingerboard: one finger on each of the two strings being played.

On instruments such as the violin the player is mostly playing one note at a time. It is not difficult to play two open strings at once, but fingering two strings at once can be very difficult, so double stopping is an advanced technique. Sometimes triple or quadruple stopping is needed. This is sometimes called multiple stopping. It is not really possible to play three or four notes at the same time on a violin. The bridge is curved so that the player can bow on one string without hitting the others by accident. Multiple stopping is done by playing first two strings and then, while still letting the sound from these two ring, quickly playing the other two strings.

Multiple stopping was used a lot in Renaissance music when playing the viol. Baroque composers such as Johann Sebastian Bach in Germany or Arcangelo Corelli in Italy often require double stopping when writing for solo string instruments. It is also used a lot in virtuoso music of composers in the Romantic period such as Niccolò Paganini.

Gold Coast (British colony)

The Gold Coast was a British Crown Colony on the Gulf of Guinea in West Africa from 1821 until its independence in 1957.

Saar (protectorate)

Saar was the name of the Saarland after World War Two, when it was under French control. It became part of West Germany in 1957.


Law of large numbers

The law of large numbers, or LLN for short, is a theorem from statistics. It states that if a random process is repeatedly observed, then the average of the observed values will be stable in the long run. This means that as the number of observations increases, the average of the observed values will get closer and closer to the expected value.

For example, when rolling dice, the numbers 1, 2, 3, 4, 5 and 6 are possible outcomes. They are all equally likely. The population mean (or "expected value") of the outcomes is:

The following graph shows the results of an experiment of rolls of a die. In this experiment, it can be seen that the average of die rolls varies wildly at first, but as predicted by the LLN, the average stabilizes around the expected value of 3.5 as the number of observations become large.

 first described the LLN. He says it was so simple that even the stupidest man instinctively knows it is true. Despite this, it took him over 20 years to develop a good mathematical proof. Once he had found it, he published the proof in "Ars Conjectandi" (The Art of Conjecturing) in 1713. He named this his "golden theorem". It became generally known as "Bernoulli's theorem" (not to be confused with the law in physics with the same name). In 1835, S.D. Poisson further described it under the name "la loi des grands nombres" (the law of large numbers). Thereafter, it was known under both names, but the "law of large numbers" is most frequently used.

Other mathematicians also contributed to make the law better. Some of them were Chebyshev (who proved a more general version of the law for averages), Markov, Borel, Cantelli and Kolmogorov. After these studies, there are now two different forms of the law: One is called the "weak" law, and the other the "strong" law. These forms do not describe different laws. They have different ways to describe the convergence of the observed or measured probability to the actual probability. The strong form of the law implies the weak one.


Hennes &amp; Mauritz

H & M Hennes & Mauritz AB (H&M), is a Swedish clothing company. It sells fast fashion at cheaper prices. The company was created in Västerås, Sweden, in 1947 by Erling Persson. At first, the company only sold women's clothing. At that time, it was called Hennes, Swedish for "hers." In 1968, Persson got the building and inventory of a Stockholm hunting equipment store named Mauritz Widforss. A supply of men's clothing was part of the inventory. This caused Persson to decide to also sell men's clothing. He renamed the store Hennes & Mauritz, later shortened to H&M. 

H&M has more than 1500 stores in 28 different countries. It has more than 60,000 employees. 


Luchegorsk

Luchegorsk (Russian:Лучегорск, lit. "Ray of mountains") is a urban-type settlement and administrative center of Pozharsky District (Primorsky Krai, Russia). It was founded in 1966. There are 22,365 people living there according to 2002 Census.

Geographical coordinates are 46-27N,134-17E. Luchegorsk is the largest non-city settlement on Russian Far East.

Luchegorsk has more ecological problems for a large electric power station.

In December,1997, a large Amur tiger hunted down a poacher who had shot and wounded the tiger.The tiger killed the man in what appears to be the only (recorded) premeditated act of revenge by a tiger.

The Tell-Tale Heart

"The Tell-Tale Heart" is an 1843 short story by Edgar Allan Poe. Detectives capture a man who admits to the killing of the old man with a strange eye. The murder is carefully planned, and the killer killed the old man by pulling his bed on top of the man and hiding the body under the floor. The killer feels guilty about the murder, and the guilt makes him imagine that he can hear the dead man's heart still beating under the floor.

No one knows if the old man and the killer are related. Some people think that the old man is a father figure. Some people think that the man is strange, perhaps that his vulture eye represents some sort of veiled secret.

The story was first published in James Russell Lowell's "The Pioneer" in January 1843. "The Tell-Tale Heart" is one of Poe's most famous short stories, and it is widely considered a classic of the Gothic fiction genre. The story has been made into or inspired many different works in film, television, and other media.

"The Tell-Tale Heart" is a story told in the first-person. This means it is told from the perspective of the narrator. The story does not say if the narrator is male or female.

The narrator is living with an old man with a clouded, vulture-like eye. The narrator has feelings of paranoia, and becomes afraid of the old man's strange eye. The narrator becomes so bothered by the eye that they plot to murder the old man. For more than a week, the narrator sneaks into the old man's room at night, watching and waiting for the right time to strike. However, the old man's eyes are shut, hiding the clouded eye, and the narrator loses the urge to kill.

One night, though, the old man awakens as the narrator watches, revealing the eye. The narrator strikes, smothering the old man with his own mattress. The narrator chops up the body, and hides the pieces under the floorboards. The narrator then cleans the place up to hide all signs of the crime. When the narrator reports that the police (whether a delusion or real is unclear) respond to a call placed by a neighbor who heard a distressful scream, the narrator invites them to look around, confident that they will not find any evidence of the murder. They sit around the old man's room, right on top of the very hiding place of the dead body, yet suspect nothing.

The narrator, however, begins to hear a faint noise. As the noise grows louder, the narrator hallucinates that it is the heartbeat of the old man coming from under the floorboards. This paranoia increases as the officers seem to pay no attention to the sound, which is loud enough for the narrator to admit having heard. Shocked by the constant beating of the heart and a feeling that the officers must be aware of the heartbeats, the narrator loses control and confesses to killing the old man and tells them to tear up the floorboards to reveal the body.

Throughout the story the narrator insists on being sane, yet at the same time, giving the impression of serious hallucinations or paranoia, possibly caused by guilt from having murdered an elderly man.

"The Tell-Tale Heart" starts "in medias res", in the middle of an event. The opening is an in-progress conversation between the narrator and another person who is not identified in any way. It is speculated that the narrator is confessing to a prison warden, judge, newspaper reporter, doctor or psychiatrist. Whoever it is, it sparks the narrator's need to explain himself in great detail. The first word of the story, "True!," is an admission of his guilt.

One of the driving forces in this opening and throughout the story is not the narrator's insistence upon his "innocence" but on his "sanity". His drive to convince, however, is self-destructive because he fully admits he is guilty of murder. His denial of insanity is based on his systemic actions and precision - a rational explanation for irrational behavior (murder). This rationality, however, is undermined by his lack of motivation ("Object there was none. Passion there was none."). Despite this, however, he says the idea of murder, "haunted me day and night." The story's final scene, however, is a result of the narrator's feelings of guilt. Like many characters in the Gothic tradition, his nerves dictate his true nature. Despite his best efforts at defending himself, the narrator's "over acuteness of the senses," which help him hear the heart beating in the floorboards, is what convinces the reader that he is truly mad. Readers during Poe's time would have been especially interested amidst the controversy over the insanity defense in the 1840s.

It is unclear, however, if the narrator actually has very acute senses or if he is merely imagining things. If his condition is believed to be true, what he hears at the end of the story may not be the old man's heart but death watch beetles. The narrator first admits hearing death watches in the wall after startling the old man from his sleep. According to superstition, death watches are a sign of impending death. One variety of death watch beetles raps its head against surfaces, presumably as part of a mating ritual, while others emit a ticking sound.

The relationship between the old man and the narrator is ambiguous, as is their names, their occupations, or where they live. In fact, that ambiguity adds to the tale as an ironic counter to the strict attention to detail in the plot. The narrator may be a servant of the old man's or, as is more often assumed, his son. In that case, the "vulture" eye of the old man is symbolizing parental surveillance and possibly the paternal principles of right and wrong. The murder of the eye, then, is a removal of conscience. The eye may also represent secrecy, again playing on the ambiguous lack of detail about the man or the narrator. Only when the eye is finally found open on the final night, penetrating the veil of secrecy, that the murder is carried out.

Former poet laureate Richard Wilbur has suggested that the tale is an allegorical representation of Poe's poem "To Science." The poem shows the struggle between imagination and science. In "The Tell-Tale Heart," the old man represents the scientific rational mind while the narrator is the imaginative.

"The Tell-Tale Heart" was first published in the Boston-based magazine "The Pioneer" in January 1843, edited by James Russell Lowell. Poe was likely paid only $10. It was slightly revised when republished in the August 23, 1845 edition of the "Broadway Journal". It was reprinted multiple times during Poe's lifetime.


Music

Television

Boxe pieds-poings

French, one calls boxe pieds-poings ("feet-fists boxing"), since the years 1980, the combat sports of striking with boxing gloves. These sports are practised in a ring (or on a mat) and belong to the category of sport boxing. The boxers use, according to the regulation, the techniques of leg (kicks and knee kicks), the techniques of arm (punches and elbow strikes) and the techniques of throwing.

Among the most known we have: 


Vibrato

Vibrato is a series of very quick changes up and down to the pitch of a note. It is like a deliberate, controlled wobble. The word “vibrato” is related to the word “vibrate”.

Vibrato is used to make a melody sound more beautiful by making it more expressive. Singers use vibrato, especially when singing dramatic solo music such as opera. In Italy a singer’s vibrato is sometimes called “tremolo”.

Violinists and other players of string instruments produce vibrato by moving the finger backwards and forwards on the fingerboard. Vibrato has to be learned carefully, as the hand needs to be very relaxed. Many beginners who start to use vibrato will try to vibrate too fast and this makes an unpleasant sound. Vibrato can be produced on wind instruments by small changes of breath control.

Musicians sometimes disagree about how much vibrato was used in earlier times. People who play music from the Renaissance or Baroque on period instruments sometimes play without any vibrato. Other people think that players of those days did use some vibrato.

Glockenspiel

The glockenspiel is a percussion instrument. It originated in Germany. It is in the same category as the xylophone and timpani. It usually has a range of 2 and a half octaves. It is set up in a keyboard instrument format. It is played by hitting it with mallets that have a plastic or felt tip. It has a soft sound, but very high pitch. If it is hit too hard, it makes a very bad sound. Its sound is often used to represent things such as fairies, birds, and butterflies.

Titan A.E.

Titan A.E. is a 2000 animated science fiction movie from Fox Animation Studios and Twentieth Century Fox. The name of the movie comes from the fictional spacecraft that is a main part of the plot. The "A.E." meaning "After Earth." The movie was created using both hand-drawn animation and computer generated imagery.

"Titan A.E." was a box office bomb, making only $9,376,845 during its opening weekend, and a total of $22,753,426 in theaters.

In 3028 A.D., Earth is attacked by pure energy aliens called the Drej. Its spacecraft uses the energy beam to destroy Earth, while hundreds of space vehicles leave the planet with the last of mankind on them. The secret "Titan" ship with Professor Sam Tucker aboard leaves at the same time, but not with the other vessels. One of the others escape the planet, including Sam's son Cale, who keeps a ring from his father.

Fifteen years later, Cale works on a salvage station. Humans have become outer space drifters. They are constantly mistreated by other races. A human captain named Joseph Korso and his pilot Akima seek out Cale. They tell him that he must help them find the "Titan". They say that the ship has machinery that will create a new Earth, in order to save humanity. The Drej want to find the "Titan" so that they can destroy it. With Korso's help, Cale learns that the ring his father gave to him can help him find the "Titan". Before long, Cale and Akima find out that Korso is looking for the "Titan" in order to hand it over to the Drej. They escape from him but become stranded on a drifter colony. Cale and Akima repair one of the wrecked spacecraft at the colony. They use it to go to where the "Titan" has been hidden.

Inside the "Titan", Cale and Akima learn that Professor Tucker had been one of the main people who designed the craft. The designers felt that the destruction of Earth would happen. Because of this, they gave the "Titan" the ability to create a new planet. They loaded it with the DNA of every living Earth plant and animal so they could repopulate the new world. However, the ship lost the energy and cannot recreate the planet. Korso finds and boards the "Titan". He attacks Cale and Akima, but one of his men attacks him. Korso kills the man by breaking his neck, then fights with Cale. During the fight, Korso falls over a railing. Cale trying to save him but Korso slips from Cale's grip and falls to his apparent death. Akima, Cale and others from Korso's ship work together to defend the "Titan" against the Drej attack. Cale thinks that the energy that makes up the Drej and their ships may be used to power up the "Titan"'s systems. Korso shows up again, but sacrifices himself repair a circuit breaker just as the Drej ship shoots an energy beam at the "Titan". Using the power of the beam, the "Titan" powers up and takes all the Drej energy. The Drej are destroyed while the ship creates a new planet. The movie ends with Akima and Cale standing on their new world. Akima wants to name the planet "New Earth," while Cale wants to name it "Bob" and all the human coming to the planet named "New Earth [Planet Bob]."

Two books were served as a prequel story before the movie. The other one follows Sam Tucker hiding the ship published by Dark Horse Comics.




"Titan A.E." became the first major movie using digital screen. On June 6, 2000, before it was shown in theaters, the movie was in Atlanta, Georgia and Los Angeles. It was sent to both screens from 20th Century Fox using a private internet LAN line. This was the first time a major movie had been created and distributed.


Nigella Lawson

Nigella Lucy Lawson (born 6 January 1960) is an English television chef, journalist, television presenter and food writer. She was born in Wandsworth, London and is of Jewish descent.

She presented the cooking show "Nigella Bites" on Channel 4 from 2000 to 2001. After that series, she went on to present two cookery series called "Nigella's Christmas Kitchen" and "Nigella Express" on BBC Two.

She is a judge on the American reality show "The Taste".

She has written many cooking books which have been translated into many different languages and are popular in the United Kingdom and the United States. 

She is a daughter of politician Nigel Lawson.


Pittsburg, Texas

Pittsburg is a city in the American state of Texas. As of the 2020 census, the city had a total population of 4,335.


Level 42

Level 42 is a Pop band from the United Kingdom. They were formed in 1979 on the Isle of Wight. Their songs include "Something About You" (1985) and "Lessons in Love" (1986). The current Level 42 is formation have Mark King, Mike Lindup, Pete Ray Biggin and Nathan King.

Johann Heinrich Schmelzer

Johann Heinrich Schmelzer (born in Austria some time between 1620 and 1623; died in Prague some time between 29 February and 20 March 1680) was a German composer. He was one of the most important composers of instrumental music in the mid-17th century. 

Nothing is known about his early life. He became a member of the imperial chapel in the mid 1630’s. His job there was probably a violinist. We know very little about his life, except that over the years he became a famous composer. The emperor must have liked him because he gave him presents of money and gold chains.

In 1671 he became deputy Kapellmeister at the imperial court. In 1673 the emperor gave him the honorary title “von Ehrenruef” which he put after his name. A few years later the court moved to Prague to try to escape the plague that was killing so many people in Vienna. At the end of 1679 the emperor’s Kapellmeister died and Schmelzer became Kapellmeister. It was the first time that the Kapellmeister at the Habsburg court had not been a foreigner but an Austrian. However, the following March Schmelzer died of the plague.

Schmelzer wrote a lot of music for small groups of instruments as well as a lot of ballet music. His dance suites are made up of several dances such as galliard, bourree, sarabande, gigue, gavotte and allemande as well as more unusual dances. He wrote several sonatas for two violins and continuo. They are full of fast scales and arpeggios. He also seems to have written church music, but it has all been lost.

Oireachtas

The Oireachtas is the national parliament of Ireland.

There are three parts of the Oireachtas:


Only the Irish names are used, never the English

Quasar

Quasars or quasi-stellar radio sources are the most energetic and distant active galactic nuclei (AGN). 

They are quite small in comparison with the energy they put out. Quasars are not much larger than the Solar System. The mechanism of brightness changes probably involves relativistic beaming of jets pointed nearly directly toward us. The highest redshift quasar known () has a redshift of 7.085, which means it is about 29 billion light-years from Earth. This estimate is made using the concept of comoving distance.

Scientists now agree that a quasar is a compact region in the center of a massive galaxy surrounding a central supermassive black hole. Its size is 10–10,000 times the Schwarzschild radius of the black hole. The energy emitted by a quasar is gravitational energy, created from mass falling onto the accretion disc around the black hole.

Quasars are extremely luminous. They were first identified as being high redshift sources of electromagnetic radiation, including radio waves and visible light. The light (and other energy) appeared to be similar to stars, rather than large sources like galaxies. On the other hand, their spectra had very broad emission lines, unlike any known from stars, hence "quasi-stellar". Their luminosity can be 100 times greater than that of the Milky Way.

The accretion discs of central supermassive black holes can convert about 10% of the mass of an object into energy.
This mechanism explains why quasars were more common in the early universe, as this energy production ends when the supermassive black hole consumes all of the gas and dust near it. 

This means that most galaxies, including our own Milky Way, may have gone through an active stage as a quasar or some other class of active galaxy. They are now dormant because they lack a supply of matter to feed into their central black holes to generate radiation.

The most luminous (or brightest) thing in space (as of 2024's first quarter), is QSO J0529-4351, a quasar.


Dáil Éireann

Dáil Éireann ( literally "Assembly of Ireland") is the lower house of the parliament of Ireland. Its members are elected by all Irish citizens of voting age (which is now 18). Members of Dáil Éireann are called "Teachta Dala" (TD).

The First Dáil was elected at the British General election of 1918. The Sinn Féin people who were elected did not go to the House of Commons. Instead they stayed in Dublin and set up the First Dáil.

The First Dáil passed the Declaration of Independence of the Irish Republic, a Constitution, and set up a government.

The first British woman MP was Countess Markiewicz. Because she was a Sinn Féiner, she went to the first Dáil Éireann instead. That is why many people think Lady Astor was Britain's first woman MP.

In 1922, during the War of Independence, the British passed the Government of Ireland Act. The act set up two parliaments, one for Northern Ireland and one for Southern Ireland. There was no election in Southern Ireland because only Sinn Féin candidates stood. They did not meet as the House of Commons of Southern Ireland. Instead they, and the only Sinn Feiner elected only in Northern Ireland met as the Second Dáil.

On the first day of the Second Dáil Éamon de Valera, President of the Irish Republic, said there would be no need to fight or negotiate with Britain if the British prime minister remembered that he had said De Valera said that if Poland had the right to its own government, so did Ireland.

The Second Dáil ratified (that is, confirmed) the Anglo-Irish Treaty, by a vote of 64 to 57. After this the 64 pro-treaty members met as the House of Commons of Southern Ireland, with the four University MPs, and voted to accept the treaty again.

The Third Dáil was two things.

The Third Dáil passed the constitution of the Irish Free State, and after 6 December 1922, it was the lower house of the Oireachtas of the Irish Free State.

The official record of everything said in the Dáil is called or . Volume (book) one starts on the day the Third Dáil met, so the record of the First Dáil is called Book F, and the Second Dáil starts with book S.

TDs are elected in multi-member constituencies, unlike the British House of Commons or the American House of Representatives, which are single-member constituencies. There can be three, four, or five TDs in each constituency. Voters can vote for as many candidates as they want, but they rank them in order of preference, 1,2,3...

Working out who has been elected can sometimes take two or even three days, because the votes are counted several times under the Single Transferable Vote system.

If the Chairman of Dáil Éireann, called the Ceann Comhairle, wants to stand for re-election he is does not have to be elected. The law and the constitution say that he is given a seat in his old constituency.

The Dail is the more powerful of the two Houses of the Oireachtas.

The Taoiseach, (Prime Minister), the Tánaiste (deputy prime minister) and the Minister of Finance must be members of Dáil Éireann.

Bills to raise tax have to start in the Dáil, and cannot be vetoed by the Seanad.

The Dáil can pass a bill even if the Seanad objects, but the Supreme Court can decide that the act is not allowed by the Constitution. The President can also ask the Supreme Court if the bill is not allowed by the constitution before he/she signs it.


Taoiseach

The Taoiseach (), also referred to as An Taoiseach (), is the head of the government in Ireland. The term "prime minister" is not used by the Irish media.

When a new Dáil Éireann meets after an election it nominates one of its members to be Taoiseach. He then visits the President, and is appointed. He then presents a list of ministers to the Dáil and when this is approved they are also appointed by the President.

If the Taoiseach resigns all members of the government are said to have resigned as well. If a minister does not resign when asked by the Taoiseach, the Taoiseach can ask the President to sack the minister. The President cannot refuse to do this.

The Department of the Taoiseach helps the Taoiseach to do his job. The main duty of the Taoiseach is to start policy and coordinate policy of the rest of government. Especially policies on Economic and Social Development, Northern Ireland, the European Union and Public Sector Change and Oireachtas Reform.

The Government Chief Whip, who has to make sure the government's policies and ideas are turned into law, is a part of the Taoiseach's department.

The current Taoiseach is Leo Varadkar since 14 June 2017.

Anton Webern

Anton Webern (born Vienna 3 December 1883; died Mitterill 15 September 1945) was an Austrian composer. Webern and Alban Berg were the most famous pupils of Arnold Schoenberg, the composer who had invented the twelve tone system. This style of composition is often called the “Second Viennese School”. Webern was probably Schoenberg’s first pupil, and Berg joined them a few weeks later. Webern used the rules of the twelve tone system very strictly in his music. His compositions had a lot of influence on composers of the mid-20th century who were interested in serialism, especially Karlheinz Stockhausen and Pierre Boulez. Most of Webern’s compositions are very short.

Anton was born Anton von Webern. Webern’s father was a mining engineer who later got an important government job. The family had belonged to the nobility which is why they had “von” before the family name. In 1918 a law was made in Austria to stop people from using “von” as part of their name, and so from then onwards he was always known as “Anton Webern”. Anton learned to play the cello and the piano. They had a country house where the family spent the summer, and the young boy spent a lot of time composing, especially songs to the poems of famous German poets such as Stefan George and Richard Dehmel. Together with his friend and cousin Ernst he read the philosophical books of Friedrich Nietzsche, studied modern paintings and listened to the music of Richard Wagner. His father took him to the Bayreuth Festival. 

He went to study at the University of Vienna where he continued to compose a lot of music. By 1906 he had been given a doctorate for writing about the composer Heinrich Isaac.

When Webern became a pupil of Schoenberg he was joining a small group of musicians who were to be lifelong friends. Alban Berg was a member of this group. The music these people were writing sounded very modern at the time and they had to face a lot of criticism. Berg and Webern were official pupils of Schoenberg only for two years, but they continued to work with him, often copying out music for him. They also helped him financially and, when Schoenberg moved to Berlin, Webern moved there to be near him.

Webern composed more twelve-tone music during these years. He also worked as a conductor to earn some money. He was only interested in music by German and Austrian composers. He tried to get several teaching jobs, but the only one he managed to get was at the Israel Institute for the Blind in Vienna, where he taught for six years.

During the 1930s Webern faced many difficulties. He did not have much money, Schoenberg went to live in France and then the United States because of the political situation in Europe. Alban Berg died in 1935 and his own conducting career came to an end. When the Nazis came to power in Austria they banned Webern’s music because they thought it was bad (they called it “degenerate art”). His son was killed fighting in World War II. Four months after the war had ended he was sitting on the veranda of his daughter’s house smoking a cigar after dinner when he was shot dead by one of the occupying troops. He should have been inside because there was a curfew on. His son-in-law had just been arrested for selling things on the black market.

Webern’s early music was in the style of expressionism. Later he wrote using the twelve tone system. He liked using very high and very low notes, as well as silences in his music. Although most of his pieces were very short, every note was carefully planned. Officially he composed 31 works, and these fit onto 6 CDs. A lot of his music still sounds very modern to us today.

Groves Dictionary of Music Online

Seanad Éireann

Seanad Éireann (; "Senate of Ireland") is the second house of the Irish parliament, the Oireachtas.

Seanad Éireann's main business is the revising of legislation sent to it by Dáil Éireann.

It can initiate (start) and revise legislation, except bills for raising tax and spending money (Money Bills). Financial legislation must start in Dáil Éireann, and the Seannad can only suggest changes, it cannot force the changes to be accepted.

Seanad Éireann slows Dáil Éireann. All bills must be looked at by the Seannad, so it is a safeguard against laws being passed too quickly.

Seanad Éireann also debates important issues. Also, Seanad Éireann can debate these issues with more freedom because the fate of the Government will not be at stake. If the government loses a vote in Seanad Éireann it could be embarrassing, but under the constitution if the Government loses a vote in Dáil Éireann they might have to call new elections.

Election day
Members of Dáil Éireann are members from the first meeting of Dáil Éireann after a general election until the Dáil is dissolved. Members of Seanad Éireann are members from the first meeting until the day before the next general election of the Seanad.

Elections for Dáil Éireann must be within 30 days of being dissolved. Elections for the Seanad must be within 90 days of Dáil Éireann's dissolution. The Seanad must be elected after the Dáil, because new TDs are allowed to vote in a Seanad election.

There are sixty Senators.



At least 5 senators must be elected from each panel, but no more than 11 from any one panel.

About 1.000 people can vote for the Seanad:


The senators from the Universities are elected by any Irish citizen with a degree from that university.

The university seats shows how much Éamon de Valera, who wrote the Constitution of Ireland was influenced by the British Parliament. At the time it was written the universities of Oxford and Cambridge had their own MPs in the House of Commons. Graduates of those universities voted for these MPs as well as for the MP were they lived.


Protein biosynthesis

Protein biosynthesis (synthesis) is when cells build proteins. The term is sometimes used to refer only to protein translation but more often it refers to a multi-step process.

Amino acids are either synthesised or eaten in food. Then, after the transcription of polypeptide genes, the amino acids are put together. This is done by translation and RNA splicing which produces messenger RNAs. The splicing process produces the final proteins, which then fold up into their protein structure. Then they can function. The plural is used here because, with most genes, the splicing process produces more than one final working protein. One particular Drosophila gene (DSCAM) can be alternatively spliced into 38,000 different mRNA.

Protein biosynthesis differs between prokaryotes and eukaryotes, though parts of the process are the same in both.


List of California hurricanes

A California hurricane is a tropical cyclone that affects the state of California. Usually Pacific hurricanes weaken a lot before getting to land.
O
Normally, rainfall is the only effect that Pacific hurricanes have on California. Sometimes, this rainfall is strong enough to cause flooding and some damage. For example, floods from Hurricane Kathleen in 1976 created damages scattered across the southeastern California area and killed three people.

The main reason why hurricanes do not hit California is because of cold sea surface temperatures off the California coastline and the California Current.

Tropical cyclones usually need sea surface temperatures above 26.5 °C (80 °F) with a depth of 50 meters (160 feet) to survive. But the waters off the California coast are too cold for tropical cyclones, even during the summer. Normally, the waters' temperatures do not get above 17 °C (70 °F), although El Nino effects may periodicly warm the pacific waters off of the California coastline.

Also the California Current moves down from the northwestern US coast to the southern tip of the Baja California peninsula, which is the opposite in which Northern Hemisphere tropical cyclones move. While a few tropical cyclones may hit the southern and central areas of the Baja California peninsula, they do not make landfall any farther north than that.




Because of a possible threat of California hurricanes in the future and from the damaging effects of a 1858 tropical storm, the National Weather Service created tropical cyclone warning stations across the southern California coast. But because of the fact that Pacific hurricanes rarely affected California, the idea of a warning station was later brought down.

The most serious damage from a California hurricane would be from heavy rainfall rather than hurricane force-winds or a storm surge, although distant hurricanes may still create heavy surf, maybe hurting or killing people. 



National Weather Service

The National Weather Service (also known as NWS) is one of the six scientific agencies that make up the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) of the United States government. Its job is to provide "weather, hydrologic, and climate forecasts and warnings for the United States, its territories, adjacent waters and ocean areas, for the protection of life and property and the enhancement of the national economy." This is done through a collection of national and regional centers, and more than 122 local weather forecast offices (WFOs). Since the NWS is a government agency, most of its products are in the public domain.



Yuma, Arizona

Yuma is a city in and the county seat of Yuma County, Arizona, United States. According to the 2020 Census, the population of the city is 95,548.


Storm surge

A storm surge is a sudden rise of water hitting areas close to the coast. Storm surges are usually created by a hurricane or other tropical cyclone. The surge happens because a storm has fast winds and low atmospheric pressure. Water is pushed on shore, and the water level rises. Strong storm surges can flood coastal towns and destroy homes. A storm surge is considered the deadliest part of a hurricane. They kill many people each year.


California Current

The California Current is a Pacific Ocean current that starts along the northwestern United States coast and ends on the southern tip of the Baja California peninsula.


Baja California Peninsula

The Baja California Peninsula (or Lower California) is a peninsula of North America. It is west of Mexico. It extends some 1,250 km (775 miles) from Mexicali in the north to Cabo San Lucas in the south, separating the Pacific Ocean from the Gulf of California (or "Sea of Cortés").


Sukkot

Sukkot (also known as Feast of Tabernacles) is a Jewish festival. In this event, people celebrate the gathering of the crops, and remember the time in the past when small shelters were made by the Jews when they were in the wilderness and had no homes. It happens 5 days after the Jewish festival Yom Kippur and lasts for 1 week.



Waterworld

Waterworld is a 1995 American science fiction action movie. The movie stars Kevin Costner who also produced it. "Waterworld" was released in the United States on July 28, 1995.

Problems during the making of the movie caused it to cost much more than expected. It was the most expensive movie ever made at the time. With a budget of $175 million, the movie earned $88 million at U.S. theaters. However, the movie was successful in other countries. It made more than a $100 million profit.

Some time in the future, after global warming, the polar icecaps have melted. The Earth is almost entirely covered with water. The humans that are still alive have forgotten the past. Most people believe the world was created in a flood. It is blasphemy to believe anything else. There is, however, a belief of many peoples that dry land exists.

The peoples can be classified into four groups:

The main character in the movie is a drifter (Kevin Costner). For most of the movie, he has no name. People call him "the Mariner." He is a genetic mutant, with webbed feet and gills. He also appears to have very good reflexes.

The Atollers offer a trade with the Mariner: if he will stay with them long enough to get one of their women pregnant they will give him all the supplies he needs. The Mariner does not accept their offer. He does not like being around many people. The Atoll's leaders are mad about this. They have him arrested. During the fight to capture him, they learn that he is a mutant. They fear him and plan to "recycle" (execute) him in the Atoll's old dump for domestic waste.

As they get ready to "recycle" the Mariner, the Smokers attack. Their leader is the Deacon. He is the "captain" of an old oil tanker, the "Exxon Valdez" ("the 'Deez"). They are looking for a young girl named Enola. She has a map to Dryland tattooed on her back. One of their spies told them that she was there. Enola lives with her guardian, Helen, a woman in her twenties or thirties. Helen and Enola plan to escape with Gregor (the Atoll's astrologer/engineer) in search of Dryland. Like the Mariner, they do not fit in with the other people.

Gregor's escape balloon is accidentally let loose too early (with him on it). This leaves Helen and Enola on the Atoll as the Smokers attack it. They free the Mariner after he says he will take them with him. They all escape on his ship.

Helen learns that the Mariner knows where Dryland is and wants to see it. The Mariner puts her in a diving bell made out of plastic and swims down to a sunken city (actually the city of Denver) to show her. While they are looking at the sunken city, the Smokers find the Mariner's vessel and take control of it. Enola hides on the ship. When the Mariner and Helen return to the surface, the Smokers capture them. The Deacon wants the Mariner and Helen to tell him where Enola is, but they will not help him find her. The Deacon pretends to kill the Mariner and Helen by firing a gun into the sky. This scares Enola out of hiding and she is captured by the Smokers. The Deacon has his crew burn the Mariner's vessel and shoot at them, but they escape by diving deeper underwater than the bullets can reach. Since the Mariner can breathe underwater, he "breathes" for both of them using a kiss.

Gregor soon appears in his flying machine. He tells them that it was "good thinking" to burn the boat. Gregor then takes them to where a new Atoll is being built. The Mariner tells everyone that he is going to rescue Enola. No one else will help him.

The Mariner goes after the "Exxon Valdez" on a stolen jetski. The Deacon and his crew are celebrating finding "the map to Dryland". Unfortunately, neither the Deacon nor his crew has any idea how to "read" the map. Based on the shape of the area of Dryland, the Deacon believes that the area must be Japan. The crew begins to row the large ship with huge oars, in the style of a Viking longship.

The Mariner walks out onto the empty deck of the ship and threatens to throw a flare down into the oil holds unless the Deacon returns Enola. The Deacon does not believe Enola's warning that the Mariner never bluffs. He refuses and tells the Mariner that he would be crazy to blow up the ship. The Mariner drops the flare into the oil hold. The flare causes the oil catch on fire. This destroys the 'Deez in a large explosion.

The Mariner frees Enola and escapes the ship which sinks. They float at sea for a while and then have one last battle with the Deacon (who survived the blast) before being rescued by Gregor. Gregor understands the map and leads them in the direction of what does, in fact, turn out to be Dryland: Mount Everest. Gregor, Enola, Helen and the others start to rebuild civilization on the island. The Mariner builds a boat and sails away, back to his old life.




Kevin Costner

Kevin Michael Costner (born January 18, 1955) is an American movie actor, director, producer and musician. He is most known for his role in "Dances with Wolves" (1990), which won seven Academy Awards, "" (1991), and "The Bodyguard (1992).

Kevin was born in Lynwood, California, on January 18, 1955. He was the third child of Bill Costner and Sharon Costner. He has two older brothers (Dan born 1950 and a middle brother who died at birth in 1953). He is of Cherokee Native American, English, German, Irish, Scottish, Swiss and Welsh descent. When he finished high school, he was a basketball, football and baseball star. In 1978, he married his college friend Cindy Costner. (Cindy Costner later played a role in "Dances with Wolves"). Some time later, he met Richard Burton, and this made him go after acting. He has made or participated in the making of 47 movies.
Kevin has three children from his first wife, Cindy: Annie (1984), Lily (1986) and Joe (1988). Kevin and Cindy divorced on 1994. He had relations with Bridget Rooney, and his fourth child, Liam (1996) is from her. Kevin remained divorced for 10 years; he married Christine Baumgartner on September 25, 2004. His fifth child, Cayden, was born in 2006. A sixth child, another son, was born February 12, 2009. He was named Hayes Logan. In 2023, Baumgartner filed for divorce from Costner.

Costner is a Democrat.



Douglas Hyde

Douglas Hyde (or Dubhghlas de hÍde, born January 17, 1860, died July 12, 1949) was the first President of Ireland from 1938 to 1945. He founded the Conradh na Gaeilge, one of the most influential cultural organisations in Ireland. He promoted use of the Irish language, using the Irish spelling of his name and the pseudonym "An Craoibhin Aoibhinn"

Hyde was born at Longford House in Castlerea in County Roscommon, while his mother was on a short visit there. His father, Arthur Hyde, was a Church of Ireland rector. He became fascinated with hearing the old people in the locality speak the Irish language. At the time the Irish language was looked down on seen as backward and old-fashioned.

He founded the Conradh na Gaeilge, or in English, "Gaelic league", in the hope of saving it from extinction in 1893.

The league was set up to encourage the Irish culture, music, dances, and language. Many of the new generation of Irish leaders who played a central role in the fight for Irish independence in the early twentieth century, including Patrick Pearse, Éamon de Valera (who married his Irish teacher Sinéad Flanagan), Michael Collins, and Ernest Blythe first became passionate about Irish independence through their involvement in Conradh na Gaeilge or "Gaelic League".

Hyde himself was uncomfortable at the league becoming political instead of cultural and resigned as its president in 1915. He was replaced by the radical political activist and Irish-language teacher, Patrick Pearse (1879-1916). Pearse led the Easter Rising, and his election showed that the league had been infiltrated by the Irish Republican Brotherhood, just like the Irish Volunteers and the Gaelic Athletic Association

Hyde had no association with Sinn Féin or the Independence movement. But he did accept an appointment to the senate, part of the Irish Free State parliament.

In November 1925 he lost the election to the senate because of lies about his support for divorce (in fact he was anti-divorce) and his Protestantism.

He became Professor of Irish at University College Dublin, where one of his students was future Attorney-General and President of Ireland, Cearbhall Ó Dálaigh.

In April 1938 he was retired, but Taoiseach Éamon de Valera appointed him to Seanad Éireann. He was not a Senator for very long, because he was chosen to be first President of Ireland.


Hyde was inaugurated as the first President of Ireland in June 1938 and moved into the old "Vice Regal Lodge", the old home of the British Lords Lieutenant of Ireland. The lodge was also used by Governors General of the Irish Free State. Hyde renamed it Áras an Uachtaráin (the House of the President in English).

Hyde said the Presidential oath of office in Irish. The recording of his Roscommon dialect is one of the few recordings of the dialect, which has now died out.

Hyde was a popular president. United States President Franklin D. Roosevelt called him a "fine and scholarly old gentleman". President Hyde and King George VI corresponded about stamp collecting. (George VI was legally King of Ireland until 1 April 1949 )

However, in April 1940 he suffered a massive stroke. Plans were made for his lying-in-state and state funeral, but to the surprise of everyone he survived, albeit paralysed and having to use a wheelchair.

President Hyde twice asked the Supreme Court, if a bill was Constitutional (so that the Bill in question can be signed into law).

On the first occasion, the court held that the Bill referred - Offences Against the State (Amendment) Bill, 1940- was Constitutional.

The second reference, the Court decided that the particular provision referred - section 4 of the School Attendance Bill, 1942 - was "repugnant to the Constitution". and told the Dáil he was refusing to sign it.

Hyde left office on 25 June 1945. Due to his ill-health he did not return to his Roscommon home Ratra. Instead he was moved into the former Secretary to the Lord Lieutenant's residence in the grounds of Áras an Uachtaráin, which he renamed "Little Ratra" and where he lived out the remaining four years of his life. He died there at 10pm on 12 July 1949, aged 89.

As a former President of Ireland he was given a state funeral. As an Anglican his funeral service took place in Dublin's Church of Ireland St. Patrick's Cathedral. But the Catholic Church did not let Roman Catholics attend services in Anglican churches. As a result, all but one member of the Catholic cabinet, Dr. Noel Browne, remained outside the cathedral while Hyde's funeral took place. They then joined the cortège when his coffin left the cathedral. Éamon de Valera, by now Leader of the Opposition, was represented by a senior Fianna Fáil figure who was a member of the Church of Ireland, Erskine Childers, a future President of Ireland himself. Hyde was buried in County Roscommon, where he had spent most of his childhood life.


Cearbhall Ó Dálaigh

Cearbhall Ó Dálaigh (12 February 1911 – 21 March 1978, ) served as fifth President of Ireland, from 1974 to 1976. He was elected after the death of President Childers, but he resigned in 1976 after a clash with the government. He also had a notable legal career, including serving as Chief Justice of Ireland.

Cearbhall Ó Dálaigh was born in Bray, County Wicklow.

Ó Dálaigh trained as a lawyer. He became Ireland's youngest Attorney-General in 1946 under Taoiseach Éamon de Valera. He was re-appointed as Attorney-General in 1951 and in 1953 he became the youngest member of the Supreme Court. Less than a decade later, he became the youngest Chief Justice of Ireland.

When Ireland joined the European Economic Community, Jack Lynch appointed Ó Dálaigh as Ireland's judge on the European Court of Justice. When President Childers died suddenly in 1974, all parties agreed to nominate Ó Dálaigh for the post.

Ó Dálaigh proved to be a mixed success as president. While popular with Irish language enthusiasts and artists he had a strained relationship with the Coalition Government.

In 1976 he decided to refer a series of tough state security Bills to the Supreme Court to test their constitutionality. This worried and angered members of the Fine Gael-Labour national coalition government. Ó Dálaigh then announced that he would sign the bill at midnight of the 15th of October, which he made public. There was a historical precedent for the referral of this bill. Dubhghlas de hÍde referred the Offences Against the State (Amendment) Act of 1939 to the Supreme Court. Jim Duffy claims that, as a result of this, the PIRA arranged an attack in Mountmellick which resulted in the killing of Garda Clerkin. Others would dispute that the PIRA would have held the President's opinion in such high regard as their members at the time did not recognise the State of which Ó Dálaigh was then the Head.

Ó Dálaigh's actions were seen by government ministers to have contributed to the killing of this Garda and greatly angered them. The following day, following a minor car accident, Paddy Donegan, a controversial and outspoken Minister for Defence, described the incident as a "thundering disgrace". The president thought the minister meant that the "President was a disgrace", not what the "President was doing was a disgrace". Donegan, a known alcoholic, was likely under the influence of alcohol at the time he spoke. He was speaking to members of the Irish Defence Forces, and was only at the barracks to open a new cookhouse. Donegan insulted the President, who is Head of the Defence Forces in front of the defence forces. created a major political incident. Ó Dálaigh thought that the President and the Minister of Defence would be unable to work together.

The apologetic Donegan immediately offered his resignation. But Taoiseach Liam Cosgrave refused the offers, an offer he repeated subsequently. Cosgrave never met the President personally to apologise. That added to two years in which Cosgrave had failed to do his constitutional duty to regularly brief the President. The manner in which his government treated the President was the last straw for President Ó Dálaigh.

He became the first Irish president to resign.

The incident meant even more people saw the Government as arrogant and out of touch with public opinion and contributed to their defeat in the 1977 general election.

The opposition proposed outgoing EEC Commissioner Patrick Hillery for the presidency. Hillery served two unchallenged terms of office before retiring at the end of his second term in 1990.

Ó Dálaigh died in 1978, less than two years after leaving office. He is buried in Sneem, County Kerry.

Cearbhall Ó Dálaigh was the most politically naïve president, but the Government he worked with was notable for its own inability to offer him the help to overcome the problem. The Taoiseach did not support Ó Dálaigh when Donegan attacked him. 

Translation (genetics)

Translation is the second part of protein biosynthesis (the making of proteins). It is part of the process of gene expression.

Before translation comes: 

In eukaryotes, translation happens on the ribosomes in the cytoplasm and in the endoplasmic reticulum. In bacteria, translation happens in the cell cytoplasm: they have no nucleus.

Ribosomes are made of a small part and a large part which surround the mRNA (messenger RNA). In translation, mRNA has the base sequence to make a specific polypeptide. This sequence is originally specified by the DNA, and copied by the mRNA. The polypeptide can be a whole protein. Or, it can be just a part, waiting to be combined with other polypeptides so it can make a whole protein. The polypeptide also has to be folded before it works as a protein.

Amino acids are carried by specific tRNAs with anticodons to connect with mRNA's matching codons. Each tRNA has its own anticodon and carries an amino acid. An anticodon is always together with the same amino acid.

When the tRNA matches with the mRNA, the amino acid that is connected to the tRNA is unconnected from the tRNA and gets connected to the amino acid brought by the previous tRNA.

So, a ribosome works a lot like a stock ticker and ticker tape. Many ribosomes, together with mRNA, will attach themselves to the outer membrane of the rough endoplasmic reticulum. Any proteins that those ribosomes make go into the inside of the endoplasmic reticulum, where it will probably go into a vesicle later. The vesicles will then bring the proteins to other organelles or even the outside of the cell.

Translation happens in four stages: activation (make ready), initiation (start), elongation (make longer) and termination (stop). These terms describe the growth of the amino acid chain (polypeptide). 

Some antibiotics work by keeping translation from happening. Prokaryotic ribosomes are different from eukaryotic ribosomes. So antibiotics can kill bacteria without hurting the eukaryotic host. For example, antibiotics taken by a human might kill the bacteria that is making the human sick but wouldn't hurt the human.


Gene expression

Gene expression is how the information in a gene (the sequence of DNA base pairs) is made into a product (such as a protein or RNA). The basic idea is that DNA is transcribed into RNA, which is then translated into proteins. Proteins make many of the structures and all the enzymes in a cell or organism.

Several steps in gene expression may be tuned. This includes both the transcription and translation stages, and the final folded state of a protein. Gene regulation switches genes on and off, and so controls cell differentiation, and morphogenesis. Gene regulation may also serve as a basis for evolutionary change: control of the timing, location, and amount of gene expression can have a profound effect on the development of the organism.

The expression of a gene may vary a lot in different tissues. That is how the tissues become different from each other. This is called pleiotropism. This term is important in genetics.

In biology, epigenetics is the study of inherited changes in phenotype (appearance). Gene expression can be adjusted in ways other than the underlying DNA sequence. These changes may remain through cell divisions for the remainder of the individual's life, and may also last for more than one generation. 

However, "there is no change in the underlying DNA sequence of the organism". Instead, non-genetic factors cause the organism's genes to behave (express themselves) differently.

The best example of epigenetic changes in eukaryote biology is the process of cellular differentiation. Embryos start with their cells totipotent: they could become any tissue. . As embryos develop, their cells become specialised. They develop a particular function, and are part of an organ of the body. This is called morphogenesis. Epigenetic changes are long-term.

During morphogenesis, totipotent stem cells become the various cell lines of the embryo, which in turn become fully differentiated cells. In other words, a single fertilized egg cell – the zygote – divides and develops. The daughter cells change into the many cell types of the mature embryo. These include neurones, muscle cells, epithelium, blood vessels and so on. 

This happens by activating some genes while inhibiting others.

Up-regulation increases the expression of one or more genes and so the protein(s) coded by those genes. Down-regulation is a process resulting in decreased gene and protein expression.

Gene regulation can be summarized as:

There are a number of RNAs which regulate genes, that is, they regulate the rate at which genes are transcribed or translated. The following are two important examples

Micro RNAs (miRNA) act by joining an enzyme and blocking mRNA (messenger RNA), or speeding its breakdown. This is called RNA interference.

Small interfering RNAs (sometimes called silencing RNAs) interfere with the expression of a specific gene. They are quite small (20/25 nucleotides) double-stranded molecules. Their discovery has caused a surge in biomedical research and drug development.


Curtis (50 Cent album)

Curtis is the third album by rapper 50 Cent. The album was released on September 11, 2007. The album features production from Dr. Dre, Eminem, and Timbaland, among others. Guest appearances include Akon, Justin Timberlake, Nicole Scherzinger, and other notable musicians. 50 Cent divides between "hard" songs and "soft" songs on the album.

"Curtis" was released and sold 691,000 copies in its first week on the "Billboard" 200. It sold the most copies in one week for an East Coast album since Jay-Z's "Kingdom Come" sold 680,000 copies sold. The album's sales competition with Kanye West's "Graduation" was considered to be a "great day for hip hop".

Šarplaninac

The Šarplaninac (pronounced shar-pla-NEE-natz) (also known as Sharplaninec) is a large-sized shepherd dog breed of the Balkan region, from the Šar mountains ("Šar Planina" in Serbian and Macedonian or "Bjeshket e Sharrit" in Albanian).

El Limón, Samaná

El Limón (in English, "The Lemon") is a Municipal district of Santa Bárbara de Samaná, Samaná province, Dominican Republic. It is on the north coast of the Samaná Peninsula, on the Atlantic coast.

It was made a municipal district on July 20, 2001.

There are other two Municipal districts with the same name (El Limón) in the country: one in the Independencia province and the other in the Santiago province.

Théodore Chassériau, a French painter, was born in El Limón on 1819.

In the last national census (2010), the district had a total population of 7,024: 3,622 men and 3,402 women. The urban population was 66.23% of the total population.

The most important economic activities of the province are agriculture, fishing and tourism. Tourism, above all nature tourism, is important here because many tourists visit El Limón Waterfall.

Théodore Chassériau

Théodore Chassériau (September 20, 1819 – October 8, 1856) was a French romantic painter noted for his portraits, historical and religious paintings, and images inspired by his travels to Algeria.

Chassériau was born in El Limón, Samaná, in "Saint Domingue" (now the Dominican Republic). Her mother, Maria Magdalena Couret de la Blagniére, was born in Haiti but she moved with her parents to Santo Domingo when the Haitian revolution. At that time, the eastern part of Hispaniola was a French colony. There she met Bénoit Chassériau and soon they got married and moved to Samaná.

When the eastern part of the Hispaniola became again a colony of Spain, the family moved to Venezuela and Jamaica. Then, in 1821, the family went to live in Paris, France. Théodore was three years old at that time.

In 1830, at the age of eleven, he started to study with Jean-Auguste-Dominique Ingres, and soon he became the favorite pupil of the great classicist.

After Ingres left Paris in 1834 to become director of the French Academy in Rome, Chassériau fell under the influence of Eugène Delacroix, a well-known romantic painter. From that moment on, Chassériau tried to combine the two styles.

His works could be grouped in two periods:

Chassériau died when he was 37 years old in Paris, on October 8, 1856.

Théodore Chassériau exhibition at the Metropolitan Museum of Art Retrieved on 2007-10-03.

Intermolecular force

In physics, chemistry, and biology, intermolecular forces are forces that act between stable molecules or between functional groups of macromolecules. 

These forces are generally much weaker than the chemical bonding forces. Their bonding energies are less than a few kcal/mol. But they are responsible for many different physical, chemical, and biological phenomena. In general one distinguishes short and long range intermolecular forces.

Hydrogen bonding is an intermolecular interaction with a hydrogen atom being present in the intermolecular bond. 


Spineshank

SpineShank is a alernative metal band formed in Los Angeles in 1996. They released four albums under Roadrunner Records:

Tanystropheus

Tanystropheus is a long necked reptile that lived in the Middle Triassic period. The main feature that stands out about this animal is its very long neck. Fossils of this creature have been found in Europe and the Middle East. Habitat: probably aquatic.

Yuryuzan, Chelyabinsk Oblast

Yuryuzan () is a town in Chelyabinsk Oblast, Russia. Its population is near 13,700 ().

Yuryuzan is located on Yuryuzan River's bank.


Sim, Chelyabinsk Oblast

Sim (, 54°59'N 57°41'E) is town in Chelyabinsk Oblast, Russia. Its population is near 15,900 (2005).

Sim is located on Sim River's bank. Town was founded in 1759 and named "Simsky Zavod" until 1942.

Igor Kurchatov is from Sim.

Duff Beer

Duff Beer is a fictional alcoholic drink shown in the animated television series "The Simpsons". Duff Beer is known to be Homer Simpson's favorite drink and has a mascot known as "Duffman".

Sassuntsi-Davit Tank Regiment

The Sassuntsi-Davit Tank Regiment (; previously the 119th Separate Rifle Tank (Mixed) Regiment) was a Soviet separate tank regiment during the Second World War. It had a lot of ethnic Armenians in it. Other ethnic groups that were in the regiment included Azeris, but they were largely relegated to logistics support and other non-combatant roles.

Sursk

Sursk (, 53°05'N 45°42'E) is town in Penza Oblast, Russia. Its population is near 7,500 (2005). The town was founded in 1860.

Sursk is located on the Sura River's left bank. It is 92 km from Penza.


Lipki

Lipki (, 53°57'N 37°42'E) is a town in Tula Oblast, Russia. Its population is about 9,700 (2005). Lipki is located 38 km south of Tula. The village of Lipki has been known since the 17th century.

Lage

Lage is a city in the Lippe district of North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany, approximately 8 km northwest of Detmold. It has about 36,000 inhabitants.

The town is twinned with


Venture capital

Venture capital is a type of private equity capital.

Typically it is provided by outside investors to new businesses that promise to grow fast. Venture capital investments are usually high risk, but offer the potential for above-average returns. 

A venture capitalist (VC) is a person who makes such investments. A venture capital fund is a pooled investment vehicle (often a limited partnership) that primarily invests the financial capital of third-party investors in enterprises that are too risky for the standard capital markets or bank loans. 

Venture capital can also include managerial and technical expertise. Most venture capital comes from a group of rich investors, investment banks and other financial institutions that pool such investments or partnerships. This form of raising capital is popular among new companies, or ventures.

Venture Capital firms can go public after they have reached a certain stage of growth. Given that Venture Capital firms are financial investors in portfolo companies, they are expected to add value by consistent value addition. 


Moment of inertia

Moment of inertia (formula_1), also called "angular mass" (kg·m), is the inertia of a rotating body with respect to its rotation.

It is a rotating body's resistance to angular acceleration or deceleration, equal to the product of the mass and the square of its radius measured perpendicularly to the axis of rotation.



Multiple choice

Multiple choice questions ask people to choose the answer from a list. Tests, elections, and surveys can use multiple choice questions. Frederick J. Kelly made the first multiple choice questions in 1914 at the University of Kansas. This testing method is popular in the United States.

Multiple choice questions have 2 parts. The first part is called the stem, which is a problem to be solved or a sentence needing completion. The question is usually "straightforward" (only a few options) and it needs review to get the right answer. The second part, the options, have 2 variations, or differences. The first is called the "key", and is the correct answer. The other answers are called "distractors". They are usually very close to the actual answer so they can confuse people. Multiple choice questions are used on standardized tests, and they aren't always questions. They may be math equations, incomplete sentences, or other things. 

1. formula_1
<br>A) 0<br>B) 22<br>C) 4<br>D) 2

2. Where is the Eiffel Tower?<br>A) London<br>B) Paris<br>C) Singapore<br>D) New York

Correct answers:<br>1 C<br> 2 B

Angular velocity

In physics, the angular velocity specifies the angular speed at which an object is rotating along with the direction in which it is rotating.

It is a vector quantity. The SI unit of angular velocity is radians per second. But it may be measured in other units as well (such as degrees per second, degrees per hour, etc.). When it is measured in cycles or rotations per unit time (e.g. revolutions per minute), it is often called the rotational velocity and its magnitude the rotational speed. Angular velocity is usually represented by the symbol omega (Ω or ω). The direction of the angular velocity vector is perpendicular to the plane of rotation, in a direction which is usually specified by the right hand rule.



Angular frequency

In physics, angular frequency," ω, "(also called the angular speed, radial frequency, and radian frequency) is a measure of rotation rate. A high rate of angular frequency means something is turning very fast. The angular frequency is the magnitude of the vector quantity angular velocity which is also known as angular frequency vector formula_1. 

It is useful in many areas of maths and science as it allows understanding of many properties of physical objects in our world. In SI units, angular frequency is measured in radians per second, with dimensions t since radians are dimensionless. 

Angular frequency is often given in radians per second (formula_2) as it is easier to work with. In this way, the angular frequency is given by, 

where formula_4 is the time (period) of a single rotation (revolution) and formula_5 is the frequency. This can be derived by considering formula_6 when formula_7 and formula_8.
If a wheel turns by an angle formula_9 in a time formula_10 then the angular frequency at any moment is given by, 

If the rotation speed is constant, this becomes, 

and so it is similar to a speed. 

For objects which are going in circles, the angular frequency may also be given as (in radians), 

where formula_14 is the speed and formula_15 is the distance from the center of the circle.

This can be derived by considering formula_16 where formula_17 is the distance along the arc.

Thus 

where formula_19 is the velocity.

The angular frequency is important in determining whether an object can stay above the ground against gravity, or whether a spinning top can stay standing. It also is important in creating the frequency of mains electricity supplies and reducing the heat due to friction in engines. 

Objects are pulled towards the earth because of gravity. To oppose this, a satellite must go fast enough it misses the ground. For the forces to equal each other, 

where formula_21 is the mass of the larger body and formula_22 is the Gravitational constant. To make a circle, the angular frequency must be equal to, 

which leads to one of Johannes Kepler's Laws. 

Generators in power stations rotate at some frequency. The speed at which these turn gives us the frequency that our electricity supplies are at. These can be slowed by large brakes or big heavy wheels which stop the generators from turning too quickly. 


Pseudovector

In physics and mathematics, a pseudovector (or axial vector) is a quantity that transforms like a vector under a proper rotation, but gains an additional sign flip under an improper rotation (a transformation that can be expressed as an inversion followed by a proper rotation).

Physical examples of pseudovectors include the magnetic field, torque, vorticity, and the angular momentum.

Twister (1996 movie)

Twister is a 1996 American disaster movie directed by Jan de Bont, and based upon a screenplay by Michael Crichton and Anne-Marie Martin. It follows a group of storm chasers attempting to prevent all tornadoes from destroying everything in Oklahoma. The movie has a famous scene of a flying cattle. It is a scene that was the subject of many parodies. It was the first movie to be commercially released on DVD and the last movie released on HD DVD.

"Twister" was released in VHS by Warner Home Video in October 1996. It was later released on DVD on March 26, 1997. It is considered to be the first home release of a movie to use this now widely-used optical media technology.


Spoke

A spoke is one of several rods radiating from the center of a wheel (the hub where the axle connects), connecting the hub with the round traction surface. 

The term originally meant the portions of a log which one had split lengthwise into four or six sections. The radial members of a wagon wheel were made by carving a spoke (from a log) into their finished shape. Eventually, the term spoke was applied to the finished product of the wheelwright's work.

These pages are in German:

Examination

An examination (exam) is a test. Many things may be examined, but the word is most often used for an assessment of a person. It measures a test-taker's knowledge, skill, aptitude, physical fitness or ability or standing in some other topic. It is a set of questions designed to measure those things. Examinations change and evolve. They have been used since ancient times.

In its widest sense, to examine is to look at something very carefully, perhaps to find the cause of a problem. Someone who is ill may need to go to a doctor for a medical examination. A mechanic may examine a machine to find why it is not working properly.

In education an examination is a test to show the knowledge and ability of a student. A student who takes an examination is a candidate. The person who decides how well the student has performed is the examiner. An examination may be a written test, an on-screen test or a practical test. Examples of a practical test may be: driving a car, speaking a language, playing a musical instrument and doing a scientific experiment. An on-screen test is a test which uses the computer.

If the candidate is successful he will have passed the examination. If he is unsuccessful he will have failed. In some cases it is possible for a student who has failed to take the exam again another time.

A student who passes an examination may get a certificate or diploma. Some certificates are professional qualifications, allowing the person to do a particular job, e.g. plumber, teacher, doctor, lawyer.

Irish Republic

The Irish Republic (Irish: "Saorstát Éireann" ) was a declared independent state of the United Kingdom in the Easter Rising of 1916 and established in 1919 by the First Dáil. It only existed during the Irish War of Independence of 1919-1922 between the Irish Republican Army and the forces of the United Kingdom.

It formally ceased to exist in 1922 with the ratification of the Anglo-Irish Treaty that ended the war, when 26 of the country's 32 counties became the Irish Free State and the other six remained within the United Kingdom as Northern Ireland. Sinn Féin refused to accept the treaty, said that the Irish Republic existed, even if it did not control any territory. This is why elected Sinn Féin TDs never took their seats in the parliaments of the Irish Free State or the United Kingdom

In English, the revolutionary state was known as the 'Irish Republic'. Two different Irish language names were used: 

"Saorstát Éireann" was also the official Irish title of the Irish Free State.

This was Dáil Éireann. It was made up of the majority of Irish Members of Parliament elected in the 1918 general election. Two further general elections called by the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland, the head of the British administration in Dublin Castle, were treated by nationalists as elections to the Dáil. The Second Dáil's members were elected in the 1921 elections for the Parliaments of Northern Ireland and Southern Ireland; the Third Dáil was elected in 1922 as the provisional parliament of Southern Ireland, as provided for by the Anglo-Irish Treaty.

At its first meeting the Dáil adopted the Dáil Constitution. It also passed a Declaration of Independence.

The Dáil Constitution gave executive authority in a cabinet called the "Aireacht" or "Ministry". The Aireacht' head was first known as the "Príomh Aire". He in turn appointed the ministers. According to the original version of the constitution enacted in January 1919, there were to be four ministers:

In April 1919, the ministry was increased in size to not more than nine ministers. In August 1921 it underwent a final overhaul when the post of president was created. The six ministers were

A number of previous cabinet ministers, notably Constance Markiewicz, were demoted to under-secretary level. Countess Markiewicz was the first women elected to the British House of Commons. She never took her seat, but instead she sat as a member of the first Dáil

The Aireacht met as often as secrecy and safety allowed.

The Anglo-Irish Treaty was signed on 6 December 1921. Then it had to be confirmed three times:

House of Commons of Southern Ireland and Dáil Éireann were the same people, except for 4 pro-British members of the House of Commons.




Super Smash Bros. Brawl

Super Smash Bros. Brawl (commonly known as SSBB or Brawl) is the third video game in the "Super Smash Bros." series. It was made by Sora and published by Nintendo for the Wii video game console.

There are 39 characters in "Brawl". 25 characters are unlocked at the start, and 14 characters are hidden and have to be unlocked by the player. Most of the characters from the second game in the series, "Super Smash Bros. Melee", are also in Brawl. Some characters from "Melee" (Mewtwo, Roy, Dr. Mario, Pichu, and Young Link) are not in Brawl. Two new characters (Solid Snake and Sonic the Hedgehog) were in games that Nintendo did not own. The game is best known for the tripping mechanic (fighters will trip at random when running), introducing third-party characters, and the Smash Ball

Like the other "Super Smash Bros." games, items appear in the middle of the game that characters can use. However, "Brawl" adds many more items, such as the "Assist Trophy" (where a character appears to help players defeat opponents) and the "Smash Ball", an item that lets players use a powerful attack called a "Final Smash".


Final Fantasy Tactics Advance

Final Fantasy Tactics Advance is a role-playing game made by Square Enix for the Nintendo Game Boy Advance. The story of the game is about four children who are pulled into their friends' dream by a magical book. The player plays as the boy Marche, his friend Montblanc, and many other characters who can join your group. 

X-Men (movie)

X-Men is a 2000 superhero movie based upon the fictional characters the X-Men. The movie is about mutants who are the next evolutionary step of humanity. These mutants are feared and hated by most of humanity.

The movie was directed by Bryan Singer. It deals with the ideas of prejudice and discrimination in the United States. The screenplay was written by David Hayter. A sequel, "X2", was released in 2003 and a third movie, "", was released in 2006. A fourth film, "". A prequel trilogy has been made, the prequel series is currently formed by "", "" and "Dark Phoenix".

Professor Charles Xavier (the world's most powerful telepath) takes gifted children and teaches them to control their powers for good. He does this at Xavier's Academy for Gifted Youngsters, his school for mutants. This school is the home to the X-Men. The story is about the X-Men trying to stop Erik Lehnsherr (also known as Magneto), a mutant who blames humanity for the death of his family during the Holocaust. Magneto does not believe that humans and mutants can live together in peace. He builds a machine that turns humans into mutants.


Filming took place from September 22, 1999 to March 3, 2000 in Toronto. Wolverine's claws required a full silicone cast of Hugh Jackman's arm, and 700 versions for Jackman and his stunt doubles.

Bryan Singer asked John Williams to compose the music for the movie, but Williams was too busy composing for "Saving Private Ryan".

The movie was one of the biggest hits of 2000. It earned more than $296 million worldwide and was the 8th highest grossing movie in the United States that year.



Kingston upon Hull

Kingston upon Hull is usually called just Hull. It is an English city.

It is the "unitary authority" for the region of Yorkshire and the Humber. The region is in the Ceremonial county of the East Riding of Yorkshire. 

The city is on the North side of the River Hull where it meets the Humber Estuary (see diagram), from the North Sea.

Hull has been a market town, military supply port, trading centre, fishing and whaling port, and industrial giant. Hull was also an early battleground in the English Civil Wars, and was the backdrop to events leading to the abolition of the slave trade in Britain. Hull was heavily damaged during the Second World War, and after a period of decline, when many factories closed; the city has started to regenerate.
The Port of Hull is one of the UK's largest goods and passenger ports.

Meaux Abbey was founded between 1150 and 1179. This is the earliest date people are known to have lived in the area.

Edward I used the port to help supply his troops when he was fighting the Scots. as a site from which to supply his troops as they engaged their northern foes

The king granted a royal charter, dated 1 April 1299, that renamed the settlement of Wyke to "King's town upon Hull", or Kingston upon Hull. The charter remains preserved in the archives of the city's Guildhall.

In 1440, a new charter allowed the town to choose a mayor, a sheriff, and twelve aldermen to run its own affairs. The charter also said that the aldermen also be justices of the peace (that is, judges) for the town and its county.

Hull's port grew busier in the Middle Ages, sending wool, cloth, and leather to north Germany, towns on the Baltic Sea, and the Low Countries, bringing back timber, wine, furs, and dyes.

Sir William de la Pole was the town's first mayor.

The town grew rich during the 16th and early 17th centuries. At this time Wilberforce House was built. It is now a museum about William Wilberforce. who campaigned to abolish the slave trade.

In 1642 Hull decided to support for Parliament and refused to let Charles I enter the town. This meant the king could not have Hull's arsenal. Named a traitor, Hotham was eventually executed, in spite of a pardon issued by Parliament. Charles I besieged the town, that is he ordered his army to surround the town and force Hull to surrender. This siege helped start the fighting in the Civil War.

Hull became a city in 1897 This was then time when the city was the richest it had ever been. Catching whales and fishing were very important. Whaling is now banned, and fishing is limited by EU rules. But Hull is still a major port sending bulk goods and commercial road traffic by RORO ferry to and from the Dutch ports of Rotterdam and Zeebrugge and on to Europe. Hull is also an important centre of food-processing for the United Kingdom.

In the Second World War much of the city centre was completely destroyed. Hull was the most severely-bombed city or town apart from London during World War II, with 95% of houses being damaged or destroyed.

Hull was hit hard by the June 2007 floods. There was standing water over a wide area affecting 20% of the city's housing and damaging 90 out of its 105 schools. But the flooding was not as dramatic as the localised flooding in Sheffield and Doncaster. Newspapers and television reported about other areas, and Hull Council leader Carl Minns said Hull was the "forgotten city" of the floods.
Damage to schools alone has been estimated at £100 million.

Kingston upon Hull's city centre is close to the Humber. The city is surrounded by the rural East Riding of Yorkshire, isolating it from the rest of the United Kingdom.

Much of Hull is on reclaimed land at or below sea level. The Hull Tidal Surge Barrier is where the River Hull joins the Humber Estuary and is lowered at times when unusually high tides are expected. It is used between 8 and 12 times per year and protects about 10,000 people from flooding.
Due to its low level, Hull is expected to be at increasing levels of risk from flooding due to global warming.

The city is quite small, but there are many villages in the metropolitan area. The largest of these suburbs is Cottingham.

Hull was a county borough in the East Riding of Yorkshire from 1889 to 1974. Then it became a non-metropolitan district of the new Humberside county. When that county was abolished in 1996 it was made a unitary authority.
The governing body of the city is now Hull City Council, based in the Guildhall in the city centre.
The council has adopted the "leader and cabinet" model. This means that most decision are made by the leader of the council and a "Cabinet"

The council was the UK's worst council in both 2004 and 2005, but is now rated as a two star "improving adequate" council after its recent "corporate performance assessment".

Hull has the following twin towns:

Hull, Massachusetts in the USA is named after this city, as is Hull, Quebec, which is part of Canada's national capital region.

Hull is the only city in the UK with its own independent telephone network company, now called KCom. On 24 May 2007, the council sold their remaining stake in the company for over £107 million.

People linked to the city include:


Riding (division)

In the United Kingdom, a riding is a division of certain large historic counties. It is usually one of three parts; the word itself comes from Old English "trithing" (itself from Old Norse "thrithjungr") which means 'third part'.

Several counties are divided into ridings, but are usually governed by a council bearing the same name as the county. However, the ridings of Yorkshire are so large that each riding was given its own county council. Thus there were county councils for the East Riding, the North Riding and the West Riding. In 1974 when all the administrative counties of England and Wales were reorganised, these councils were replaced by six new ones within Yorkshire (either wholly or in part) called North Yorkshire, South Yorkshire, West Yorkshire, Cleveland, Durham and Humberside.

In Canada, a riding is a federal constituency, or "electoral division" as they are known in Canada.

Pulkkila

Pulkkila is a former municipality in Northern Finland. It was in Northern Ostrobothnia, "Pohjois-Pohjanmaa", Oulu province, Finland, and its original name (with diacritics) is Pulkkila. The population of Pulkkila is about 1,600. Pulkkila is best known for its metal works.

Since 2009, it was merged to form the new municipality of Siikalatva.

Emmental cheese

Emmental cheese (sometimes also called Emmentaler or Emmenthal) is a Swiss cheese. It first came from Switzerland. It is named after the "Emmental", the valley of a river, near Berne. Emmental cheese was first made around 1353 when Bern joined the confederacy. 

Today, most cheese-producing countries make a cheese called "Emmental cheese" - These cheeses often have little in common with the original though, except for the holes in the cheese. In 1882 was the first time, products could be protected in Europe. Already at that time, Emmentaler was made in countries other than Switzerland.

Emmental cheese is amongst the best-known types of cheese. It is made from cow's milk. Two of the features that make Emmental distinctive are its holes and sweetness. The holes are there because of the way the cheese is made with bacteria which produce the cheese and over time (usually several months) create bubbles of carbon dioxide gas.

Today, Switzerland, France, Austria, and Germany produce Emmental cheeses that have a Protected Designation of Origin. In Switzerland, Austria and Germany, untreated milk is used; most of the other countries use pasteurized milk. About 12 litres of milk are needed to make 1 kg of cheese.

Emmental is produced in loaves of 70–80 kg. Usually, Emmental cheese is left to ripen for a period of 6–7 weeks. Ripening it for 8–12 weeks gives a more spicy (salty) cheese. In Europe, about 464 200 tons of Emmental are produced each year. This means that about 6% of the total amount of milk these countries produce is used to make Emmental cheese. France is the biggest producer of Emmental. In 2005, 247 069 tons were produced there. For this, 13.1% of national milk production was used. About 19% of the production was exported.

French and Swiss people eat the most of this kind of cheese, about 3.3 kg per person per year. Germans eat about half that amount, 1.7 kg per person, per year.

Emmental is also widely used in convenience food products, because it is so widely known.


Emmental

Emmental is a part of Switzerland. It is made of low hills. Most of it is in the Canton of Berne. Its biggest rivers are the Emme and the Ilfis. The biggest localities are Burgdorf, Langnau and Huttwil. 

The landscape is mostly made of meadows. There are some forests too. Most of the people live from raising cattle (mostly cows), or from things closely related to cattle-raising. Emmental cheese has its name from this region. Langnau is known for Ceramics. Pottery from the region is also well-known.

There is also some industry. The Emmental had one of the first fully-electric railway lines in Switzerland.

Jeremias Gotthelf was a famous writer who spent most of his life in the Emmental.

2001 Pacific hurricane season

The 2001 Pacific hurricane season officially started on May 15, 2001 in the eastern Pacific, and on June 1, 2001 in the central Pacific, and lasted until November 30, 2001. These dates conventionally delimit the period of each year when most tropical cyclones form in the northeastern Pacific Ocean. The first storm formed on May 25 and the last storm dissipated on November 3.

There were no significant storms during the 2001 Pacific hurricane season. Hurricanes Adolph and Hurricane Juliette both reached Category 4 strength, while Juliette made landfall in the Baja California peninsula as a weak Category 1 hurricane, causing two deaths.


2000 Pacific hurricane season

The 2000 Pacific hurricane season was an event in tropical cyclone meteorology. There were few notable storms this year. Tropical Storms Miriam, Norman, and Rosa all made landfall in Mexico with only small impacts. Hurricane Daniel for a short time, threatened the U.S. state of Hawaii while weakening. Hurricane Carlotta was the strongest storm of the year and the second strongest June hurricane in recorded history. It killed 18 people when it sank a ship.



2006 Pacific hurricane season

The 2006 Pacific hurricane season was an above normal hurricane season with 19 named storms of 11 which were hurricanes and 6 were major hurricanes it was the most active season since 2000 Pacific hurricane season It officially began May 15, 2006 in the eastern Pacific, designated as the area east of 140°W, and began on June 1 2006 in the central Pacific, which is between the International Date Line and 140°W. Both seasons officially ended on November 30, 2006. These dates conventionally delimit the period of each year when most tropical cyclones form in the eastern Pacific basin.

On May 27 Tropical Depression One-E formed. It became Tropical Storm Aletta later on. Aletta stalled offshore Mexico causing minor damage. Tropical Storm Aletta weakened to a tropical depression and died on May 30.

Two-E formed off shore Mexico on June 3. It died 2 days later. Two-E produced 15 inches of rain in Mexico before it died.
Bud was a Category 3 storm. It rapidly strengthened and then weakened just as fast.
Carlota caused light rain in Mexico but no damage was reported. It was a Category 1 storm.
Daniel was a long lived Major hurricane that Affected Hawaii with some rain. It peaked as a Category 4. It was the second strongest storm this year.
It caused some rain in Mexico, causing minor damage.

Fabio caused heavy rainfall in Hawaii.

Gilma produced light rain in Mexico. It was also the weakest storm so far.
Hector was a Category 2 hurricane. It made it to the Central Pacific.
Ioke was the strongest hurricane ever in the Central Pacific that threated the Johnson Atoll and Wake Island. It formed on august 20. Ioke rapidly became a major hurricane 36 hours later. Ioke went extratropical on September 6. Damage was nearly $100 million. Ioke was retired at the end of the year. It also caused heavy rain in Alaska. Ioke is the most intense storm ever in the central Pacific and the only Category 5 storm that formed in the basin.

Illena killed one person in Mexico. It peaked as a Cateogory 3 storm.

John started as Tropical Depression Eleven-E and later on became a tropical storm and then a hurricane. The hurricane peaked as a Category 4. John killed 5 when it hit Baja California as a Category 2 storm on September 1. Hurricane John died on September 4.

Kristy was a Category 1 hurricane that was outflowed by Hurricane John.
Lane caused severe damage in Mexico, when it hit there as a Category 3 major hurricane. Lane killed 4 people and left $203 million in damage.

Three-C was a short lived tropical depression that started several hundred miles southwest of Hawaii. It died the next day while no where near any land.
Norman struck Mexico as a tropical depression, causing minor damage.

Olivia did not affect land.

Four-C was a short lived tropical depression. It formed on October 13 and died the next day. The remaims of Four-C caused heavy rain in Hawaii.

Paul was a Cateogory 2 hurricane that killed 4 in Mexico.

Rosa produced light rain to Mexico in November.

Tropical Depression Twenty-E formed and died on the same day, November 11. Twenty-E did not affect any land.
Sergio was also a Cateogory 2 storm. It was also the strongest November storm.

The following names were used for named storms that formed in the northeast Pacific in 2006. This is the same list that was used in the 2000 season. There were no names retired from the northeast Pacific list. Therefore, the same list was reused in the 2012 season.

For storms that form in the Central Pacific Hurricane Center's area of responsibility, encompassing the area between 140 degrees west and the International Date Line, all names are used in a series of four rotating lists. The next four names that were slated for use in 2006 are shown below, however only the name Ioke was used.

The name "Ioke" was retired from the north-central Pacific list by the World Meteorological Organization in the spring of 2007 and replaced with "Iopa". During the 61st Interdepartmental Hurricane Conference, the Hawaii State Civil Defense requested the retirement of the name "Daniel", citing that the storm had become memorable due to threat of damage. However, the request was denied, as the name remains on the tropical cyclone naming list.
This is a table of all the storms that formed in the 2006 Pacific hurricane season. It includes their duration, names, landfall(s), denoted in parentheses, damages, and death totals. Deaths in parentheses are additional and indirect (an example of an indirect death would be a traffic accident), but were still related to that storm. Damage and deaths include totals while the storm was extratropical, a wave, or a low, and all the damage figures are in 2006 USD.


1997 Pacific hurricane season

The 1997 Pacific hurricane season was a yearly event in tropical cyclone meteorology. Storms in this season caused hundreds of deaths and billions of dollars in damage.

Tropical Depression One-E formed June 1. The next day, it became Tropical Storm Andres. After a brief period of a normal track, Andres was picked up, becoming the first named storm to threaten Central America since Simone in 1968. It then turned to the southeast and went along the coast. This was the first time any East Pacific storm had taken such a path. Andres weakened to a depression and made landfall near San Salvador on June 7. The only casualties were two fishermen who were reported missing.

Tropical Depression Two-E formed June 9 and strengthened into Tropical Storm Blanca six hours later. It moved northwest and briefly threatened land on June 10 as warnings and watches were established. Then, a ridge of high pressure turned Blanca away from the coast. Despite moving over warm waters, a weakening trend unexpectedly began, and Blanca was downgraded to a depression. and Blanca lost its circulation shortly after being downgraded to tropical depression status on June 12. 
A tropical wave that drifted across the shear-ridden Atlantic emerged into the Pacific Ocean on July 27. It organized into a depression July 30 and was named Tropical Storm Guillermo the next day. It quickly intensified, reaching hurricane status on August 1. Guillermo became a major hurricane on August 2. It reached Category 4 intensity on August 3 before weakening slightly and restrengthening. The hurricane attained Category 5 strength August 4. Guillermo's peak intensity was 919 mbar (919 hPa) and .

Guillermo then weakened slowly, becoming a tropical storm on August 8. It crossed 140°W and entered the Central Pacific. It weakened to a depression late August 10 but restrengthened back into a storm 24 hours later when it encountered a small area of warm water. It weakened to a depression for the second and final time August 15 and lost tropical characteristics early the next day.

Guillermo's remnants recurved over the far northern Pacific. They were tracked to a point west of Vancouver Island. The remnants hung on for a few more days and drifted south before being absorbed by a mid-latitude cyclone August 24 off the coast of California.

A depression formed from an area of disturbed weather on August 17. The depression organized into a tropical storm 12 hours later. Ignacio's location of tropical cyclogenesis was farther north and west of where most East Pacific tropical cyclones form. Steering currents pulled Ignacio north, where it encountered wind shear and cooler waters. Ignacio lost tropical characteristics August 19. The extratropical cyclone was absorbed by Gulermeno and another extratropical cyclone.

It brought gusty winds to California coastal waters before dissipating. Damage is at $50 million. The rainfall caused a power outages as well as the worst rain since Hurricane Kathleen in 1976. Ignacio passed directly over the San Francisco Bay Area which is where the worst effects were felt.

A tropical disturbance that had meandered south of Johnston Atoll organized into Tropical Depression Two-C on September 2. Later that day, it was upgraded to Tropical Storm Oliwa (Hawaiian for Oliver) as it slowly moved towards the west. It crossed the dateline late on September 3 and entered the Joint Typhoon Warning Center's Area of Responsibility.

Oliwa passed south of Wake on September 6, where it caused heavy rains but no damage. On September 7, Oliwa started a period of rapid strengthening, becoming a typhoon September 8 and a Super Typhoon 8 hours later. Oliwa stayed at that intensity for over two days. While still a strong super typhoon, Oliwa passed near the Northern Marianas Islands. It then started weakening as it curved towards Japan. It made landfall as a minimal typhoon September 16. It quickly dissipated later that same day. Oliwa caused "damage and several fatalities" in Japan. 

A tropical depression formed south of Manzanillo September 9. It rapidly intensified, becoming a hurricane early September 11. It became a major hurricane later that day. The deepening continued, and Linda reached Category 5 intensity the next day. It broke Hurricane Ava's long-standing intensity record. That record had stood for over 24 years. Linda reached peak intensity on September 12. Linda's intensity record still stood as of 2005. Linda then started weakening. On September 15, it was downgraded to a tropical storm. On September 17, it fell to a depression, and dissipated early September 18.

In California, Linda was responsible for 8 deaths and $68 million in damage. Five people were drowned in a jetty. Flash floods caused 3 deaths and mudslides destroyed millions many homes and $68 million in damage. The Southwest would get devastated again by Hurricane Nora weeks later.
Hurricane Nora was the first hurricane to be a significant danger to the Continental United States since Kathleen in 1976. Part of a tropical wave that contributed to the formation of Hurricane Erika in the Atlantic moved into the Pacific and organized into Tropical Depression 16-E on September 16 and Tropical Storm Nora that same day. Nora became a hurricane in a favourable environment on September 18 while moving northwest. Its motion then stalled over an upwelling of cooler water that weakened it. On September 20, Nora again started moving. It reached its peak intensity of 115 knots and 950 mb On September 21 and 22 it moved over the wake of Hurricane Linda. This weakened the storm back down to a Category 1. During this time, a trough developed that turned Nora to the northeast. This carried Nora over a favourable environment and towards Baja California. After restrengthening slightly, Nora made landfall as a Category 1 hurricane near Punta Eugenia and again south of San Fernando, both times as a hurricane.

Nora stayed a tropical storm as it moved into the United States. Yuma reported sustained gale-force winds. Rains were heavy, sometimes exceeding the "annual" rainfall for the area. Nora weakened to a depression while over California, and it dissipated September 26. Nora killed two people in Mexico. One was killed by a downed power line in Mexicali, and the other was a scuba diver in underwater currents. No one in the United States was directly killed by Nora. The California Highway Patrol attributed several traffic accident deaths to the weather. There was extensive damage to areas hit by Nora. Waves ruined dozens of homes. Roughly 350 to 400 people were left homeless in San Felipe, and winds uprooted trees and peeled roofs from homes in Puerto Peñasco.

Olaf was a weak but persistent tropical storm that made two landfalls and took an erratic path. A tropical depression formed September 26, was upgraded a tropical storm at the next advisory, and immediately moved north. On September 29, Olaf made landfall near Salina Cruz. Olaf dissipated, and the remnants moved far out to sea. During later reanalysis, Olaf was found to be a tropical depression during most of this time, but at the time was considered dissipated.

Olaf's remnants reformed, and started moving southeast on October 5. Olaf then turned to the north, and on October 12 made a second landfall near Manzanillo. Olaf dissipated, and the remnants moved out to sea.

There were a few reports of damage. Three fishing boats were missing near Acapulco, and there was flooding in Mexico and Guatemala. Most of Olaf's damage was from its first landfall.

Hurricane Pauline was the deadliest storm of the season. Landslides and flooding caused by it killed hundreds of people.

Tropical depression Eighteen-E formed October 5 and briefly moved to the east before turning to the northwest. In a favourable environment, the cyclone intensified rapidly, reaching a peak of 115 knots and a central pressure of 948 mb. It weakened slightly before peaking again.

Interaction with land weakened Pauline a bit, and the hurricane made landfall on October 9 in a thinly populated area. Accelerating, Pauline paralleled the coast for a day before dissipating on October 10 while over Jalisco.

There are no known damages from wind or storm surge. Heavy rains affected Oaxaca and Guerrero, causing catastrophic loss of life around Acapulco. Mudslides and flooding was widespread, leaving thousands homeless and at least 230 dead. The Red Cross reported that 400 were dead, but this was disputed by Mexican officials. Pauline was Mexico's deadliest Pacific hurricane since Hurricane Liza in the 1976 season.

Hurricane Rick was the first November formation since the 1991 season. A tropical wave acquired enough organization to be called a tropical depression on November 7. It moved north before a trough of low pressure turned it to the northeast. It was named on November 8, and was upgraded to a hurricane the next day. It reached its peak intensity of 80 knots and 973 mb November 9. Rick made landfall in Oaxaca— the same place devastated by Hurricane Pauline one month earlier— and quickly weakened, dissipating early November 11.

There were no deaths from Rick. Trees were downed and recently repaired roads were washed out.
Tropical Depression Five-C formed December 2, two days after the season ended. It strengthened into Tropical Storm Paka (Hawaiian for Pat) while west of Palmyra Atoll. After drifting east, it reversed direction. As it moved west, dry air and wind shear disrupted its development until it crossed the dateline on December 6.

After entering the Western Pacific, the environment rapidly became more favourable and Paka's strengthening quickened. It became a typhoon on December 10 and passed near Kwajalein with winds of 100 knots. It strengthened further, twice reaching Category 5 intensity. While close to maximum intensity, Paka passed close to Guam on December 17 and 18, causing "major damage". Afterwards, Paka encountered a hostile environment and had completely dissipated by the evening of December 21.


1987 Pacific hurricane season

The 1987 Pacific hurricane season officially started May 15, 1987 in the eastern Pacific, and June 1, 1987 in the central Pacific, and lasted until November 30, 1987. These dates conventionally delimit the period of each year when most tropical cyclones form in the northeastern Pacific Ocean.

Despite there being twenty cyclones, there were very few notable storms this year. Only three storms came anywhere near to threatening land. Hurricane Eugene was the first Pacific hurricane to make landfall in Mexico in July since at least the 1949 season. Tropical Storm Pilar and Hurricane Norma also came close to land. The remnants of Hurricanes Ramon and Norma caused rain in the Continental United States. Elsewhere, Peke was a central north Pacific hurricane that crossed the dateline and became a typhoon.



1976 Pacific hurricane season

The 1976 Pacific hurricane season was an event in tropical cyclone formation. Hurricanes Kathleen, Liza, and Madeline are the most notable storms this year. Hurricane Kathleen caused death and destruction in California and Arizona because of flooding. Hurricane Liza was the deadliest storm of the season when it killed over 600 people in Mexico. Hurricane Madeline is notable for being the second-most intense Pacific hurricane at landfall.

Kathleen was a costly and damaging storm mainly in Nevada, California and Arizona. It also killed 7 people.

Liza was very deadly and the third deadliest ever behind Hurricane Paul and the Mexico hurricane.
Madeline became the third storm in the row to make landfall in Mexico. It was also the most intense.


Kronosaurus

Kronosaurus was a large pliosaur, one of the largest. It is named after the leader of the Greek Titans, Kronos. It lived in the Lower Cretaceous.

Body-length estimates, based on the 1959 Harvard reconstruction, had put the total length of "Kronosaurus" at 12.8 meters (42 feet). However, a recent study compared fossil specimens of "Kronosaurus" to other pliosaurs. The Harvard reconstruction may have included too many vertebrae, exaggerating its length. Its true length was probably only 9–10.9 meters (30–36 feet).


Riding

Riding has many meanings:

Fermat number

A Fermat number is a special positive number. Fermat numbers are named after Pierre de Fermat. The formula that generates them is

where "n" is a nonnegative integer. The first nine Fermat numbers are :

As of 2007, only the first 12 Fermat numbers have been completely factored. (written as a product of prime numbers) These factorizations can be found at Prime Factors of Fermat Numbers.

If 2 + 1 is prime, and "n" > 0, it can be shown that "n" must be a power of two. Every prime of the form 2 + 1 is a Fermat number, and such primes are called Fermat primes. The only known Fermat primes are "F"...,"F".


Today, Fermat numbers can be used to generate random numbers, between 0 and some value N, which is a power of 2. 

Fermat, when he was studying these numbers, conjectured that all Fermat numbers were prime. This was proven to be wrong by Leonhard Euler, who factorised formula_2 in 1732.

Blowup

Blowup is a 1966 British drama movie set in London. It was nominated for two Academy Award and won a Grand Prix award. It is directed by Italian movie director Michelangelo Antonioni and written by Antonioni, Toni Guerra and Edward Bond. It starred David Hemmings and Vanessa Redgrave. Carlo Ponti produced the movie. This was Antonioni's first English language movie.

Improper rotation

An improper rotation can be understood as an inversion followed by a proper rotation. 

Equivalently it is the combination of a rotation and an inversion in a point on the axis. Therefore it is also called a rotoinversion or rotary inversion.

A simple example of an improper rotation in 3D (but not in 2D) is a coordinate inversion: x goes to −x, y to −y and z to −z. Under this transformation, a and b go to −a and −b (by the definition of a vector), but p clearly does not change. (It follows that any improper rotation multiplies p by −1 compared to the rotation's effect on a true vector.)

Inverse

Inverse or Inversion could mean:







Endorphins

Endorphins are natural chemicals in the body that fight pain. Endorphins are released when a person gets hurt, but also during exercise, laughter or sex. In addition to blocking pain, endorphins can make people happy.

Endorphins resemble drugs like morphine, so when scientists first discovered these chemicals in the 1970s, they called them "endogenous morphine". Since then, scientists have identified and named five different types of endorphins, all of which occur naturally in the body. Endorphins can also be found in most animals.

They are produced by the central nervous system and the pituitary gland. Their name has two parts: "endo-" and "-orphin"; these are short forms of the words "endogenous" and "morphine". They mean "a morphine-like substance from within the body". Endorphins are three compounds which bind to receptors. The main function of endorphins is to inhibit the communication of pain signals. They may also produce a feeling of euphoria very similar to that produced by other opioids.

Four types of endorphins are created in the human body. They are named "alpha" (α), "beta" (β), "gamma" (γ) and "sigma" (σ) endorphins. The four types have different numbers and types of amino acids in their molecules; they have between 16 and 31 amino acids in each molecule.

Beta-endorphins (β-endorphins) are the most powerful endorphins in the body. They are usually in the hypothalamus and pituitary gland. More endorphins are released in the pituitary gland during times of pain or stress. Exercise increases the endorphin release too. For the same reason, exercise results in a better mood.

Met-enkephalin and leu-enkephalin are in the brain stem and spinal cord; they are the pain killers of the spinal cord. Both of them have 16- 31 amino acids in their structure; the first four are similar, but the last one is different.

All of the endorphins bind to the opioid receptors in the brain. Many of the analgesic (pain killer) drugs have a similar action in the brain. The main difference between the natural endorphins and the analgesic drugs is that natural endorphins are cleared from the blood very quickly. Endorphins are also involved in the release of sex hormones in the pituitary gland. Also, scientists think that acupuncture results in the release of more endorphins. Endorphins may have a role in obesity, diabetes and psychiatric diseases too.

The term 'endorphin rush' is sometimes used in normal speech to refer to a feeling of wellness caused by exercise, danger or stress. However, it is not a medical term, and it is not proven that higher endorphin production after exercise really has a role in the wellness feeling.

Another term which is commonly used is 'runner's high'. It refers to the feeling being "high" (full of energy and wellness) after exercise. It is commonly said that the "high" is a result of the release of bigger amounts of endorphins in the body during the exercise. However, some scientists think this feeling is caused by the challenge, and is not related to endorphin release.

For example, in some studies a drug was given to people which blocked the effect of endorphins. These people still felt the runner's high; it means this feeling is not caused by the release of endorphins in the blood. Another study was performed in 2004, which showed this feeling is related to a different body chemical named "anandamide". is not an endorphine but is an endocannabinoid, similar to one of the chemicals in marijuana and chocolate.


Team Fortress 2

Team Fortress 2 (TF2) is a free-to-play multiplayer first-person shooter video game. It is made by Valve Corporation, who develops and publishes the game.
The game has nine characters, called classes. Players can choose which one of these classes they want to play, and can change classes in the middle of a round. There are many different game modes, such as Payload, which has one team pushing a cart along a track while the other team tries to stop them, and a version of Capture the Flag, where players must capture a briefcase with important papers. The game is set in 1968, in an alternate history. The game also takes inspiration from many famous spy movies and TV shows, taking elements from James Bond, The Man from U.N.C.L.E., and "Get Smart".
The game was first released in October of 2007 in "The Orange Box", a package with "Half Life 2", "Portal" and "Team Fortress 2". It was later released separately for the Playstation 3, Xbox 360, Microsoft Windows, Linux and Mac computers. It became free to play on June 23, 2011.

"Team Fortress 2" has nine classes. The classes are split into groups of three, which are offense, and support. Each class has its own strengths and weaknesses, causing the classes to rely on each other to win, promoting teamwork. Also, each class can change their weapons to different ones that they find over time or make from scrap metal. For example, the Soldier could change his normal rocket launcher into 'The Direct Hit.' It shoots faster, stronger rockets at the cost of having a smaller explosion size. In general, the different weapons are not upgrades, but rather 'side-grades.' They are better at certain times, while worse at other times.

The offensive classes are the "Scout", the "Soldier", and the "Pyro". These classes have abilities that make them best suited for attacking the other team, but also easy to kill.

"The Scout" is a young man from Boston with an interest in baseball. He is the fastest runner in the game, making him a good class to use in capture the flag, as he can run in, grab the enemy team's briefcase, and run out. He also captures control points at twice the speed of any other class. However, he is also tied for the lowest health of any class. His default weapons include a scattergun, a pistol, and a baseball bat. He is excellent at killing Medics and Demomen.

"The Soldier" is a middle-aged man from the American midwest. His main weapon is a rocket launcher which he can use to blow up enemies, or, if fired at his own feet, can be used to make him jump very high. This is called 'rocket jumping.' Rocket jumping will hurt the Soldier, though, and if he is low on health, it could kill him. Rocket jumping can also make the Soldier move forward very fast, sometimes even faster than the Scout. Soldier also uses shotguns and shovels to attack. The Soldier is a good offensive class but he cannot move very fast and is easy to hit. The Soldier has a large amount of health, the second highest of all the classes.

"The Pyro" is a character wearing a full-body rubber suit and gas mask, so nobody knows their race, age, or gender. They also speak in a muffled voice so nobody knows what they're really saying. Pyro's main weapon is a flamethrower, used to set enemies on fire. Once an enemy is set on fire, they will burn for several seconds, meaning they can die even if they have killed the Pyro that set them on fire. This is called "Afterburn". For backup, they have a shotgun and a fire axe. The Pyro is good for checking for Spies using their flamethrower. This is called "Spy-checking". Pyros can help against Übercharged players by pushing them back with an "air blast" or "compression blast". The air blast can also reflect projectiles, such as grenades or rockets, back at the enemy team, which will inflict bonus damage. They are weak at long range. The Pyro has a good amount of both health and speed, though can run out of ammo quickly if players don't find ammo drops fast enough.

The defensive classes are the "Demoman", the "Heavy Weapons Guy", and the "Engineer". The abilities of these classes make them best for defending things their team needs, such as control points, briefcases, and carts.

"The Demoman", short for Demolition Man, is a black Scotsman with an eyepatch. His main weapons are a grenade launcher and sticky bombs. Grenades will explode immediately if you hit a player before the grenade hits the ground, or a few seconds after being shot if they do not hit anything. Sticky bombs can stick to walls and then be set off by the Demoman when an enemy gets close. The Demoman can also replace his sticky launcher for a shield. The shield lets the Demoman charge forward at high speeds, and do more damage with his close-ranged weapon. His close-range weapon is a bottle of whiskey. The Demoman is a very strong class. His sticky bombs do great damage, and can be used to 'sticky jump' much like how a Soldier can rocket jump. Also like the Soldier, the Demoman is good in most situations. He is an easy target for Scouts, however.

"The Heavy Weapons Guy", also known as the Heavy, is a middle-aged man from the Soviet Union who is built like a tank. Because of his large size, he has the highest health of all the classes, but is the slowest runner and is a huge target. His main weapon is a minigun which he named Sasha and treats like a person. The minigun does by far the most damage at close range of any gun in the game, due to its high fire rate and damage. It uses a lot of ammunition very quickly, so if he runs out, he can use his shotgun for close range kills or his fists to punch his enemies. The Heavy is great at close range or in small, cramped places. Spies and Snipers are useful for killing Heavies because they are capable of doing high damage instantly with backstabs (Spy) and headshots (Sniper). At close range, the Heavy will usually win one-on-one fights unless he is surprised.

"The Engineer" is a middle-aged man from Bee Cave, Texas with 11 Ph.D.s. His main use is to make buildings. His first building, the Sentry Gun, is a non-moving gun that targets enemies and shoots automatically. It can be improved to have more health and firepower. His next building is the Dispenser, which gives teammates nearby health and ammo. Finally, he can also build teleporters, which is a building that can teleport teammates from the first link to the second link, however enemies cannot go through the teleporters. However, disguised Spy's can enter these teleporters. The Engineer also has a shotgun, pistol, and a wrench to defend himself. His Sentries are great for stopping anything short of an Übercharged player. The Engineer himself is weak, and poorly placed Sentries can be blown up by experienced Soldiers and Demomen. Spies are the most lethal to an engineer due to their sappers.

Finally, the supporting classes are the "Medic", the "Sniper", and the "Spy". Their abilities are there to help the team, so they do not typically engage in direct combat, but can if they must.

"The Medic" is an older man from Stuttgart, Germany. His main duty is healing the other classes. He has a machine called the Medigun which, when pointed at a teammate, slowly restores their health. He can also 'overheal' players, which gives them more health than they can normally have. This overheal slowly fades over time. After healing for a few minutes, the Medic is able to use an Übercharge, which makes him and his heal target invincible for a few seconds. For defense, the Medic has a bone saw and a gun that shoots syringes. The Medic is a very powerful teammate, but is easy to kill at the same time. Since he loses almost every direct fight, he usually stays with a teammate who he heals, which game-socially is called a 'Medic Buddy' or 'Pocket'. This Pocket player's job is to keep the Medic safe. The Pocket is usually a Heavy, Soldier, or Demoman due to their large health and firepower.

"The Sniper" is an Australian middle-aged man. His main weapon is a sniper rifle. He often stays in one area away from the main battlefield and shoots enemies from a distance using careful aim. He also has a sword and a sub-machine gun he can use in close combat. The Sniper is very good at killing the enemy Medics, Heavies, and Engineers. While using his sniper rifle, he can focus his aim to charge his shot, dealing more damage. An uncharged shot to the head does 150 damage. Only Pyros, Demomen, Soldiers, and Heavies can survive this without an overheal. A fully charged shot to the head deals 450 damage, enough to kill even an overhealed Heavy.

"The Spy" is a French man. His main asset is stealth. He has a watch which makes him invisible for short periods of time, and a cigarette case with disguises in it. He can disguise as any member of the other team to trick them into thinking he's a teammate. This disguise also tricks Sentry Guns built by Engineers. However, there are ways to find and kill spies, commonly called "spy-checks". The Spy can also place 'sappers' on enemy buildings, damaging them and disabling them until an Engineer can remove the sapper. For combat, he has a revolver and a knife. The knife allows the Spy to kill an enemy instantly if he stabs them in the back, but deals 40 from any other angle. He is useful for killing Medics, Heavies, Engineers, and Snipers. The Pyro is able to easily stop him, as even when he turns invisible or is disguised, players can still see the fire on him. The Spy is considered a "pick class", meaning he is very dispensable but also very useful to get certain kills. 

There are several different ways the game can be played, each with different goals for the two opposing teams. For all games, players are split into the RED and BLU teams. RED stands for Reliable Excavation and Demolition. Players on this team have red uniforms. Buildings owned by the RED team are also usually red and made of wood. BLU stands for Builders League United. Players on this team wear blue uniforms. Buildings owned by the BLU team are usually blue and made of concrete.

The Payload game mode has the offensive team pushing a cart with a bomb on it along a track while the defending team tries to stop them. If the offensive team cannot get the cart to the end of the track before the time limit runs out, they lose. If they are successful, the defending team's base is blown up and leads to a victory. Along the track are Checkpoints. Each Checkpoint the offensive team pushes the cart over will give them extra time to get the cart to the end of the track.

Valve later added a race mode to Payload maps, where both teams push a cart along a track to the other team's base. The team that gets the cart to the other team's base first wins.

Control Point maps involve both teams attacking and defending the opposing team's Control Points. A Control Point is a circle on the ground that glows the color of the team that has captured it. Control Points are captured by standing on them for a certain length of time. There are three kinds of Control Point maps. 

Standard Control Point, or Linear Control Point, maps play symmetrically. Both teams start with two controlled points, and a central point starts out neutral. The team that captures all control points wins. Traditional Control Point maps will go into Sudden Death (or Stalemate) if no team captures all the control points before times runs out. Control points closer to a team's spawn point are captured more quickly by the enemy team.

Attack/Defend maps play asymmetrically. RED begins with all the points in their control. BLU wins if it captures all of RED's points, but RED wins if the timer runs out before BLU can capture them all. Points may only be captured in a set order (though some maps, such as Gravel Pit and Steel, may make exceptions). RED wins if it prevents BLU from capturing all points before the timer expires. Points captured by BLU are typically locked and cannot be captured again by RED.

In Territorial Control, the goal is to take over the entire map by capturing "territories". Each game is randomly selected from the six available layouts in a 'point against point' game where both teams must capture the opposite point while defending their own. After a team successfully captures the opposite point, the next round takes place in a different area of the map which is also randomly selected. After a team captures all four territories, that team must capture the enemy team's base. If the base point is captured (in Hydro, the Radar Dish for RED, the Power Plant for BLU), the attacking team wins the game. When the next round begins, territories are reset and a new random layout is selected. The Territorial Control game mode is not very popular amongst players.

In Domination Control Point, maps play symmetrically. Both teams start with no controlled points, and all points start out neutral. The team that captures all control points wins. Traditional Control Point maps will go into Sudden Death (or Stalemate) if no team captures all the control points before times runs out. Unlike Standard Control Point, once a team has all three points they win regardless of how much capture progress the other team has. There is currently only one

In Capture the Flag mode, the map is split into two nearly identical bases; one for each team. Both bases have a briefcase in them. The goal is for one team to grab the other team's briefcase and bring it back to their own base, while defending their own briefcase. You must capture the enemy intelligence 3 times in order to win the game, but server modifications can alter the number. When a player carrying the briefcase is killed, the intelligence is on the ground and returns to its base after a 60 second time period. The player who dropped the intelligence or his team can pick up the briefcase before it returns and still capture it. If a player drops the intelligence by falling into a bottomless pit, it automatically returns to its base. The briefcase can also be manually dropped.

In King of the Hill mode, two teams fight to gain control over one point which is in the center of the map. When one team captures the point, they must defend it for three minutes to win. During this time, the enemy team can attack and capture the point too. This happens over and over again until one team successfully holds the point for three minutes in total. It is not needed to hold the point for three minutes at one time.

In Arena mode, two teams fight to the death. Once a team is completely wiped out, the other team wins. There is no respawning in Arena mode. Another way to win is to capture the control point that activates until one minute in the match. Once this point is captured by a team, that team wins.

Medieval Mode is just like Attack/Defend except that there are no guns allowed in Medieval mode. Players can use melee weapons and weapons that don't have firepower but cannot use guns, rocket launchers, flame throwers, stickybomb launchers, or grenade launchers. So far, there is only one official Medieval Mode map, which is DeGroot Keep, which is a huge medieval-type castle with many entrances and halls. A certain loadout for Demoman, commonly called a "Demoknight build" from the fan-base, is useful for this map because of his high-damage swords.

Special Delivery is a Game Mode released as part of the Pyromania Update. Like Capture the Flag gamemode, an initially neutral briefcase of Australium must be transported to Poopy Joe's rocket before the opposing team can do the same. If a player picks up the Australium and is killed while holding it, only players from the same team as the dead briefcase carrier can pick it up again. If the team fails to do so within a few seconds, the briefcase is sent back to its original position. The player who has hold of the Australium must be on the platform that is raised to the compartment at the head of the rocket and must stay on the platform as the Australium is placed into the compartment, launching the rocket and winning the round. There is currently only one official Special Delivery map, and that is Doomsday.

In Mann vs. Machine (commonly abbreviated as MvM), a team of six players (all wearing RED uniforms) must stop hordes of robots divided into waves from deploying a portable bomb into their base. When a robot is destroyed, it drops an in-game currency known as "credits." Players can pick up these credits before they disappear and use them to buy upgrades for their weapons and themselves that are gamemode-exclusive. Some weapon upgrades include more damage, faster firing speed, more ammo, etc. Some player upgrades include faster speed, higher jump height, health regeneration, etc. There are different kinds of robots with different weapons and abilities. Some robots are known as "Giants." A giant normally has far better weapons and abilities than their normal counterparts.

There is a special type of MvM known as "Mann Up" mode. In Mann Up mode, players complete "Tours" using "Tour of Duty Tickets" or "Squad Surplus Vouchers" they have bought from the online store, known as the Mann Co. Store. Each "Operation" has a specific number of Tours in them. Finish all the waves in a Tour and all the Tours to complete the Operation. Different Tours are for different skill levels and have different robots. Completing Tours and Operations will give the players "loot" or special in-game cosmetic items players use to customize their character. In Mann Up mode, the gameplay (upgrades, maps, robots) are the same in standard MvM.

In PASS Time, There are three matches. Two teams fight to score a goal with a ball known as the JACK. There are 3 goals. Run in goals, Throw in goals and Bonus goals. When a team scores a goal at the enemy team's Run in or Throw in goals, They give The scoring team 1 point. If a team scores a goal at the enemy team's Bonus goal, Always shown as tall towers, The scoring team gets 3 points and the Bonus goal closes. Players are able to Pass to other players in order to get the Bonus goals open on both sides. Passes can also be interrupted by enemy players. The first team to score 5 points wins the round. If a team wins 2 matches, they win the entire game. In PASS time, there are only 4 maps.

Valve Corporation posted several animations using their Source Film Maker (commonly abbreviated as SFM) program from 2009 to 2012. Each one of these videos are short skits using humorous depictions of the 9 Team Fortress 2 classes in their real lives, and out in battle. Some of these videos have been viewed many times with, "Meet The Medic", at 57 Million views. And, "Meet The Spy", at 30 Million views, and more.

The original "Team Fortress" was developed by Robin Walker and John Cook. This early version of "Team Fortress" was a free mod for the 1996 PC game "Quake". In 1998, Walker and Cook were employed by Valve. At the time, Valve just released its first game, "Half-Life." Valve began developing "Team Fortress 2" as a separate retail game using one of Valve's own game engines, GoldSrc. In 1999, Valve released "Team Fortress Classic," a port of the original "Team Fortress," as a free "Half-Life" mod. "Team Fortress Classic" was developed using the publicly available "Half-Life" software development kit as an example to the community and industry of the flexibility of the "Half-Life" game.

Unlike the original "Team Fortress," Valve originally planned "Team Fortress 2" to have a modern war theme. It would feature a command hierarchy including a Commander class, parachute drops over enemy territory, networked voice communication, and many other unique features. The Commander class played similarly to a real-time strategy game, with the player viewing the game from a bird's-eye perspective and issuing orders to players and AI-controlled soldiers.

"Team Fortress 2" was first shown at the trade event E3 1999. At E3 1999, Valve had showcased new technologies that they had developed while making "Team Fortress 2". This included parametric animation, which blended animations for smoother, more lifelike movement. The game also showcased Intel's multi-resolution mesh technology, which increased performance for the game by reducing detail of on-screen elements that are far away from the screen. The game earned several awards including Best Online Game and Best Action Game.

In mid-2000, Valve announced that "Team Fortress 2" had been delayed for a second time. They stated that they delayed "Team Fortress 2" because they were going to make Team Fortress 2 run on an engine they own, the Source engine. After their official announcement of the delay of "Team Fortress 2", Valve stopped releasing information about the game. Later, the game entered six years of silent development. Walker and Cook worked on various other Valve projects; Walker was project lead on "" and Cook became a Steam developer. 

"Team Fortress 2" became a prominent example of vaporware. It was a long-anticipated game that had seen years of development, and was often mentioned alongside another much-delayed game, "Duke Nukem Forever." Walker later stated that Valve built "three to four" different versions of "Team Fortress 2" before settling on their final design. Shortly before the release of "Half-Life 2" in 2004, Valve's marketing director Doug Lombardi confirmed that "Team Fortress 2" was still in development. Valve reintroduced "Team Fortress 2" at the July 2006 EA Summer Showcase event with a much different visual design"."

Valve reintroduced "Team Fortress 2" at the July 2006 EA Summer Showcase event with a much different visual design. Instead of having realistic visual design like other Valve games, "Team Fortress 2" features a cartoon-like visual style influenced by 20th-century commercial illustrations and the artwork of J. C. Leyendecker, Dean Cornwell, and Norman Rockwell, achieved through a visual technique called Gooch shading. "Team Fortress 2" was first launched with the Source engine's new dynamic lighting, shadowing and soft particle technologies, and gave the same visual enhancements to "", another one of their games. "Team Fortress 2" was the first game to use the Source engine's new Facial Animation 3 features.

Valve abandoned the realistic style when it became impossible to balance it with the unrealistic gameplay. For example, it is not realistic to have opposing armies to construct heavily detailed bases directly next to each other. The Commander class was abandoned because players would simply refuse to follow the player's orders.

Valve designed each character, team, and equipped weapon to be easy to identify, even at long range. For example, the coloring draws attention to the chest area, bringing focus on the equipped weapon. The voices for each of the classes were based on imagining what people from the 1960s would expect the classes to have sounded like, according to writer Chet Faliszek.

The map design has an "evil genius" theme. In typical maps, there are colored enemy buildings on opposite sides of the two enemies. Enemy buildings have a complex set of pathways that the player must go through to reach the objectives. These buildings are often concealed within various other constructed objects in between. Between each enemy side, maps are usually separated by a neutrally themed space. The bases hide exaggerated super weapons such as laser cannons, nuclear warheads, and missile launch facilities, taking the role of objectives. The maps are designed to have little visual clutter and have a theme, as well as have enough careful attention to effective visual design while still allowing enemies to be spotted more easily. This is achieved by using "impressionist modeling". The textures used in-game are based on photos that are filtered and improved by hand, making them look visually appealing and giving "Team Fortress 2" its distinct look. The bases are designed to let players immediately know where they are. RED bases use warm colors (e.g. red), natural materials, and angular shapes (e.g. circles). On the other hand, BLU bases use cool colors (e.g. blue), industrial materials, and orthogonal shapes (e.g. squares).

During the July 2006 Electronic Arts press conference, Valve revealed that "Team Fortress 2" would arrive as the multiplayer component of "The Orange Box". In a conference trailer, the whimsical new visual style of "Team Fortress 2" of all nine mercenary classes were shown. Managing director of Valve Gabe Newell said that the company's goal was to create "the best looking and best-playing class-based multiplayer game". On September 17, 2007, a beta release of the entire game was released to Steam. On the same date, a the same beta release of the entire "Team Fortress 2" game was made available for customers who had pre-purchased "The Orange Box", as well as for customers who had activated their "Black Box" coupon. The "Black Box" coupon was included with the ATI HD 2900XT Graphics cards. The beta of "Team Fortress 2" was also given to members of Valve's Cyber Café Program. The beta continued until the game's final release.

The game was released on October 10, 2007, both as a standalone product via Steam and at retail stores as part of "The Orange Box" compilation pack. Both the Steam version and the retail "The Orange Box" compilation packs were priced at each gaming platform's recommended retail price. "The Orange Box" also contains "Half-Life 2", "Half-Life 2: Episode One", "Half-Life 2: Episode Two", and "Portal". Valve offered "The Orange Box" at a ten percent discount for those who pre-purchased it on Steam before the October 10 release, as well as the opportunity to participate in the beta test.

Big Black

Big Black was an American punk rock band. The band formed in 1981 with Steve Albini playing all of the instruments and a drum machine for percussion.

Big Black's music was very loud and distorted. Many Big Black songs are about violence.






Company of Heroes

Company of Heroes is a strategy video game where you control soldiers in order to win. It is based on World War II.

Game &amp; Watch

The Game & Watch is a series of small, hand-held video games made by Gunpei Yokoi of Nintendo from 1980 to 1991. The games were usually simplistic (For example, "Chef" required keeping food in the air). The Game & Watch was invented before the Game Boy. Until 1985 with the Nintendo Entertainment System, the Game & Watch was Nintendo's only foothold in the North American video game market.

 is the main character in Game & Watch that also appeared in "Super Smash Bros. Melee" and "Super Smash Bros. Brawl."

Fecundity

Fecundity, coming from the word "fecund", generally means the ability to reproduce. 

In biology and demography, fecundity is the ability to reproduce of an organism or population, measured by the number of gametes (eggs), seed set or asexual propagules. Fecundity is under both genetic and environmental control, and is the major measure of biological fitness. "Fecundation" is another term for fertilisation. 

Fecundity can increase or decrease in a population according to current conditions and certain regulating factors. For instance, in times of hardship for a population such as a lack of food, juvenile and eventually adult fecundity may decrease. 

In the philosophy of science, 'fecundity' refers to the ability of a scientific theory to open new lines of theoretical inquiry. Here, the original meaning is extended by analogy.


Séan T. O'Kelly

Seán Thomas O'Kelly (; 25 August 1882 – 23 November 1966) was the second President of Ireland from 1945 to 1959. He was a member of Dáil Éireann from 1918 until he became President. In the Dáil he was Minister for Local Government (1932–1939) and Minister for Finance (1939–1945). O'Kelly was Vice-President of the Executive Council from 1932 until 1937 and was the first Tánaiste of Éire from 1937 until 1945.

O'Kelly was born in Dublin on Capel Street in the north inner-city Dublin. He joined the National Library of Ireland in 1898 as a junior assistant. The same year, he joined the Gaelic League, becoming a member of the governing body in 1910 and General Secretary in 1915.

In 1905 O'Kelly joined Sinn Féin. Sinn Féin then wanted a dual-monarchy. He was an honorary secretary of the party from 1908 until 1925. In 1906 he was elected to Dublin Corporation, which was Dublin's city council. He stayed until 1924.

Pádraig Pearse made O'Kelly his helper when Pearse was getting ready for the Easter Rising.

After the Easter Rising in 1916, O'Kelly was put in jail, released, and put in jail again. He escaped from jail in Fairfield in the UK, and came back to Ireland.

O'Kelly was elected Sinn Féin MP for College Green in the 1918 British general election. Along with other Sinn Féin MPs he refused to take his seat in the British House of Commons. Instead they set up an Irish parliament, called Dáil Éireann, in Dublin. O'Kelly wasCeann Comhairle(Chairman) of the First Dáil. He was the Irish Republic's envoy to the post-World War One peace treaty negotiations at Versailles, but the other countries refused to allow him to speak, because they did not recognise the Irish Republic

O'Kelly was a close friend of Éamon de Valera, and both he and de Valera opposed the Anglo-Irish Treaty of December 1921.

When de Valera resigned as President of the Irish Republic on 6 January 1922, O'Kelly returned from Paristo try to ask de Valera to return to the presidency. A de Valera was very angry and ordered O'Kelly to return to Paris.

During the Irish Civil War, O'Kelly was in jail until December 1923. Afterwards he spent the next two years as a Sinn Féin envoy to the United States.

In 1926 when de Valera left Sinn Féin to found his own republican party, Fianna Fáil, O'Kelly followed him, becoming one of the party's founding members. In 1932, when de Valera, was appointed President of the Executive Council (prime minister) of the Irish Free State he made O'Kelly Minister for Local Government. O'Kelly often tried to publicly humiliate the Governor-General of the Irish Free State, James McNeill. Stunts such as withdrawing the Irish Army's band from playing at diplomatic functions which the Governor-General attended, or in one notorious case the sight of O'Kelly and Defence Minister Frank Aiken storming out of a diplomatic function at the French Legation when McNeill, the guest of honour, arrived, damaged O'Kelly's reputation and image, particularly when the campaign backfired.

Before resigning, McNeill published his letters to de Valera about this. It made de Valera appear foolish, and made de Valera choose a new Governor-General. To the surprise of many, O'Kelly was not considered for the office. Instead former Fianna Fáil TD, Domhnall Ua Buachalla from County Kildare, would be the last Governor-General.

In 1938, many thought that de Valera wanted to make O'Kelly the Fianna Fáil choice to become President of Ireland, under the new Irish constitution, Bunreacht na hÉireann. When Lord Mayor of Dublin, Alfie Byrne, said he wanted to be president there was an all party agreement to nominate Dubhghlas de hÍde, a Protestant Irish Senator, Irish language enthusiast and founder of the Conradh na Gaeilge. They thought de hÍde was the only person who might win an election against Alfie Byrne. O'Kelly became Minister of Finance instead, and helped create Central Bank in 1942.

O'Kelly left the cabinet in 1945 when he was elected President of Ireland in a popular vote of the people, defeating two other candidates.

O'Kelly was re-elected unopposed in 1952. During his second term he visited many nations in Europe and spoke to the United States Congress in 1959. He retired at the end of his second term in 1959, to be replaced by his old friend, Éamon de Valera.

O'Kelly did not refer any Bills to the Supreme Court to see if they were legal, but he did ask his official advisors, called the Council of State, if he should refer the Health Bill, 1947 but he decided not to.

O'Kelly's strong Roman Catholic beliefs sometimes caused problems. De Valera often thought that O'Kelly leaked information on purpose or accidentally to the Knights of Columbanus, and the Church leaders. O'Kelly ensured that his first state visit, following the creation of the Republic of Ireland in 1949, was to the Vatican to meet Pope Pius XII. O'Kelly accidentally revealed the Pope's private views on communism. This angered the Pope and Stalin. This is why he was not given the papal Order of Christ which was given to many Catholic heads of state.

When he retired as president in 1959, he was described as a model President by the normally hostile Irish Times newspaper. Though controversial, O'Kelly was widely seen as a genuine and honest, but tactless.

He died on November 23, 1966 (aged 84), fifty years after the Easter Rising that first brought him to prominence. He is buried in Glasnevin Cemetery, Dublin.

Mary Kate Ryan and O'Kelly were married from 1918 until Mary Kate's death in 1934.

In 1936 he married his second wife Phyllis Ryan, who was Mary Kate's sister. Another sister was married to Fine Gael leader General Richard Mulcahy, and a brother was Fianna Fáil minister, James Ryan. O'Kelly died in Dublin.



Teachta Dála

A Teachta Dála, is a member of Dáil Éireann, the lower house of the Irish parliament. Usually only the initials TD are used, after the person's name.

The letters are used in the same way that MP is used to show that someone is a Member of Parliament in the United Kingdom.


Léo Delibes

Léo Delibes (born St. Germain-du-Val, France, 21 February 1836; died St. Germain-du-Val 16 January 1891) was a French composer of Romantic music. He is particularly famous for his ballets, especially "Coppélia", and operettas and operas, of which "Lakmé" is the most famous.

Delibes’s father worked for the post office. His mother was musical and played the piano. Her father, the composer’s grandfather, had been a baritone in the Opéra-Comique and she had a brother who was an organist and professor at the Paris Conservatoire.

When Delibes’s father died in 1847 his family moved to Paris so that the young Léo, who was 11, could continue having a good musical education. At first he found it difficult living in a large city as he was used to the countryside. He was a student of the well-known composer and teacher Adolphe Adam. At first he did well in his music lessons and won prizes, but after a few years he no longer won any prizes. He never tried to win the Prix de Rome which is what all French students of composition normally want to do. As a young boy he sang in choirs. Later he became a church organist and an accompanist at the Théâtre-Lyrique.

Soon Delibes started to composer operettas. He wrote 14 operettas in 14 years. He was commissioned to write some music to celebrate the emperor’s return from Algiers. The piece he wrote was called "Alger". It was a huge success. The emperor gave him a gold medal, personally fastening a pin with diamonds to his lapel. In 1864 he became chorus master at the Opéra where he coached the chorus to sing many famous operas. Two years later he started to write ballets. These became very successful and three years later he stopped writing operettas.

In 1870 his ballet "Coppélia" was produced. By 1884 it had been performed 100 times. Together with "La Sylphide" and "Giselle" it was one of the most popular of all ballets. The story is about a man who makes a mechanical doll. Another popular ballet he wrote was "Sylvia". His most successful opera was "Lakmé" which was first performed at the Opéra-Comique in 1883. It gives great opportunity for the main soprano, especially in the song called the "Bell Song". Musicians usually think "Lakmé" is his greatest work.

Delibes died in 1891, and was buried in the Cimetière de Montmartre, Paris.

Delibes started to compose at a time when ballet had become less popular in France than it had been earlier. Around the time of the Revolution there had been lots of performances of ballet, but during the 19th century there was less interest with the exception of "La Sylphide" and "Giselle". Delibes was to change that. He had a great gift for writing easy melodies. At one time he thought he ought to compose like Wagner, using richer harmonies and leitmotifs, but fortunately he chose not to, following instead the style to which he was so well suited. "Coppélia" is in the repertoire of all major ballet companies, and several of its tunes are familiar to people even if they do not know where they come from. 

The Flower duet from "Lakmé" became particularly well known in recent years through an advert for British Airways.

Rugrats

Rugrats is an American animated television series. It was created by Arlene Klasky, Gábor Csupó, and Paul Germain for Nickelodeon. The series focuses on a group of toddlers —Tommy, Chuckie, Angelica and the twins Phil and Lil. It follows their day-to-day lives. The stories usually involving life experiences that become much greater adventures in the imaginations of the main characters.

The series was first broadcast on August 11, 1991. It was the second Nicktoon. It was aired after "Doug" and before "The Ren & Stimpy Show". The first part of the series ended in 1994. It had 65 episodes in three seasons. The last episode was aired on May 22, 1994. From 1995 to 1996, the only new episodes broadcast were "A Rugrats Passover" and "A Rugrats Chanukah". Both were Jewish-themed episodes that were well liked by critics. During this time, "Rugrats" began to get better ratings and became more popular because of reruns on Nickelodeon and Noggin.

In 1996, Klasky Csupo Animation began producing new episodes, and the show's fourth season began in 1997. As a result of the show's popularity, a series of theatrical films were released over the next five years: "The Rugrats Movie", which introduced Tommy's younger brother Dil Pickles, was released in 1998; "Rugrats in Paris: The Movie," which introduced Kimi, Kira, and Fifi, was released in 2000; and "Rugrats Go Wild", a crossover film with another Klasky Csupo series, "The Wild Thornberrys", was released in 2003. The final TV episode aired on August 1, 2004, bringing the series to a total of 172 episodes over nine seasons. The 13-year run (with the 2-year break) ties "Rugrats" with "King of the Hill" as one of the eighth-longest-running American animated television series. The show is Nickelodeon's third longest-running animated series, behind "SpongeBob SquarePants" and The Fairly OddParents. It is one of the longest running animated series of all time.

On July 21, 2001, Nickelodeon broadcast the made-for-TV special "All Growed Up" to celebrate the 10th anniversary of the series premiere. The special was a pilot for the "Rugrats" sequel series "All Grown Up!", which aired from 2003 to 2008 as it chronicles the lives of the babies and their parents after they age 10 years. A spin-off series, "Rugrats Pre-School Daze", aired on TV in 2008 but had only four episodes after Nickelodeon decided to focus on the sequel series. Two direct-to-video specials were released in 2005 and 2006 under the title "Rugrats: Tales from the Crib". Tie-in media for the series include video games, comics, toys, and various other merchandise.

"Rugrats" gained over 20 awards during its 13-year run, including four Daytime Emmy Awards, six Kids' Choice Awards, and its own star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame. The series became a hit, garnering high ratings, and anchored Nickelodeon as the network's top-rated show from 1995 to 2001. It was Nickelodeon's longest-running cartoon, until "SpongeBob SquarePants" aired its 173rd episode in 2012.

A reboot of the series executive produced by the original creative team of Klasky, Csupó and Germain premiered on Paramount+ on May 27, 2021.

The series focuses on the experiences of a courageous, adventurous one-year-old baby named Tommy Pickles and his group of playmates – several other infants and toddlers, some of whom debuted later in the series. Chuckie, Tommy's bespectacled, red-headed, insecure, cowardly two-year-old best friend; the twins Phil and Lil, noted for their revolting eccentricities and love of digging for and eating insects and earthworms; Tommy's baby brother Dil (who was born in "The Rugrats Movie"); Angelica, Tommy and Dil's outrageously spoiled and selfish three-year-old cousin who is a "rival" of his friends and the main antagonist of the program; Kimi, Chuckie's adventurous, playful stepsister (introduced in "Rugrats in Paris") (later just his sister after adoption); and Susie, a good-hearted neighbor of the Pickles family, Angelica's schoolmate, friend, and "rival," who is better liked by the younger children and far more reliable than Angelica.

The other characters depicted in "Rugrats" include the babies' parents, who are portrayed as often being easily distracted, leaving their young children free to emancipate themselves from such restraints as playpens or strollers and venture out to explore. Such adult figures include Didi and Stu Pickles, Tommy and Dil's mother and father. Didi is a sweet, educated and loving mother who decides to return to college in one episode. Stu is an often-feckless toy inventor whose designs have been known to either fail or break. Other parents include Chas Finster, Chuckie's stereotypically nerdy and mild-mannered father, a widower who later remarries; Kira, Chuckie's sweet-natured, kind and understanding stepmother (later just his mother after adoption) whom Chas marries in "Rugrats in Paris"; Drew Pickles, Angelica's indulgent and doting father who pampers his daughter to a ridiculous degree; Charlotte Pickles, Angelica's workaholic mother who overindulges her daughter equally if often seen talking on her cell phone with an employee of hers named Jonathan, although neither of them afraid to put their foot down when they feel she is getting out of line; a big women named Betty DeVille, Phil and Lil's kind but boisterous feminist mother; and Howard DeVille, the twins' mild-mannered and soft-spoken father.

Susie's parents and elder siblings also make appearances in some episodes, and another major adult character includes Lou Pickles, Drew and Stu's father and Tommy, Angelica, and Dil's grandfather; an elderly widower who later remarries with an active woman named Lulu. Didi's parents, Jewish immigrants named Boris and Minka, also appear numerous times and serve as important characters and are often seen bickering. "Rugrats" also has animal characters, including the Pickles family dog. A hyena named Spike, and a Angelica's pet cat named Fluffy. Spike played important roles, but most importantly was always ready to rescue Tommy when he was in danger.

The show functions under a translation convention for baby talk, which is presented as essentially a separate language which only other babies can understand. The babies' dialogue is almost universally translated for viewers into comprehensible English dialogue, but adults in the series cannot understand them. One example of this dissonance is when Tommy says "Reptar!", (the title character of a popular in-show children's franchise) but his mother then responds that she heard him say "riff-raff", and that she hopes he is getting close to speaking full words, indicating that adult characters still hear the dialogue of baby characters as babbling. The translated dialogue of the babies is still presented as infantile English, reflecting their limited understanding of the world. Another major point of this plot convention is that toddlers who have learned to speak the adult language can still understand baby talk because they are at a transitional age between the two. Angelica and Susie can understand what the baby characters are saying but can also communicate with adults, though they never outright reveal to the adults that they can comprehend complex messages from the babies. Very young newborns, such as Tommy's little brother, cannot yet communicate even with baby talk, although Dil has a very limited vocabulary consisting of the words "poopy" and "mine" which are perhaps the only words he is capable of saying. The older babies, such as Tommy and Chuckie, are able to interpret what Dil is trying to communicate although, due to their own age, it is difficult. When the older babies do figure out what Dil wants or needs, it usually involves changing his diaper or giving him an object – to play with or just to experience the joy of holding it.




Rugrats

Rugrats


Guyver

The word Guyver is a word made by manga artist Yoshiki Takaya. It can refer to:

Displacement vector

A displacement vector is a concept from mathematics. It is a vector. It shows the direction and distance traveled with a straight line. It is often used in physics to display the speed, acceleration and distance of an object traveled (relative to a reference point or an object's starting position).


Enkephalin

An enkephalin is one of the first endorphins that were discovered in the brain. They are found in many parts of the brain, specially in the basal ganglia. They act as "natural pain killers".

Enkephalins are small proteins. They are made out of five amino acids in each of their molecules. The last amino acid is either leucine (leu) or methionine (met).

Enkephalin is a brain neurotransmitter that is formed when tyrocine, glycine, glycine, phenylalanine, and methionine through a condensation reaction or dehydration synthesis.

Receptor (cell biology)

In cell biology, a receptor is a special structure that can be found in cell membranes. These are made of protein molecules such as glycoproteins. Receptors bind (attach) to specialised molecules. If the receptor has this molecule, it is activated, but if it does not it is deactivated. Depending on its state, a change inside the cell happens. 

Cell surface receptors (membrane receptors, transmembrane receptors) take part in communication between the cell and the outside world. Extracellular signalling molecules (usually hormones, neurotransmitters, agonist, cytokines, growth factors or cell recognition molecules) attach to the receptor. This triggers changes in the function of the cell. The process is called signal transduction: The binding starts a chemical change on the inside of the membrane.

Receptors work like locks and keys. With the key, the lock can be locked or unlocked. If it is unlocked, the door belonging to it can be opened.

Part of the receptor sticks out of the cell membrane. The same applies to the membranes of cell organelles. A receptor's main function is to recognize and respond to a specific ligand, for example, a neurotransmitter or hormone. Some receptors respond to changes in 'transmembrane potential' (the difference in electric potential between the inside and the outside of a cell).

The middle part, inside the membrane itself, is a protein-lined pore through the membrane, or 'ion channel'. When the ligand binds to the surface, the pore becomes accessible to ions, which then pass through. In other cases, where differences in electric potential occur, the receptor changes in shape, which causes change inside the cell.

The inside (or cytoplasmic) part of the receptor interacts with the inside of the cell or organelle. There are several different kinds of receptor, each of which acts in a different way.


Coppélia

Coppélia ou La fille aux yeux d'email () is probably the best-known and most performed comedy ballet in the world. Arthur Saint-Léon and Charles Nuitter based the ballet on E. T. A. Hoffmann's 1816 short story The Sandman (short story). Léo Delibes wrote the music. Saint-Léon choreographed the ballet.

The ballet is set in a Polish village long ago. Swanhilda and Frantz are sweethearts. Swanhilda thinks Frantz is in love with Coppélia, a strange girl in the house of a dollmaker named Dr. Coppélius. Swanhilda discovers Coppélia is a doll. Dr. Coppélius tries to bring the doll to life using Frantz's life force. Swanhilda saves her sweetheart's life, and the two live happily ever after.

"Coppélia" was in rehearsal for three years. It had many troubles. One was finding just the right dancer to portray Swanhilda. Sixteen-year-old Giuseppina Bozzacchi was finally chosen. Frantz was played by Eugenie Fiocre. The ballet was first performed on 25 May 1870 at the Théâtre Impérial de l´Opéra in Paris. "Coppélia" was a great success. It has been performed around the world.

Act I. Coppélia is set in a small village in Poland at the end of the 18th century. Swanhilda and Frantz are young peasants. They are sweethearts. Frantz however is flirting with Coppélia, a strange girl in the dark house of a dollmaker named Dr. Coppélius. Swanhilda is upset with her sweetheart's behavior.

One evening, Dr. Coppélius leaves home. He drops his key in the street. Swanhilda finds the key. She opens his door and goes into the house with her girlfriends. Frantz enters the street quietly. He puts a ladder against a window of the house. Coppelius returns and chases Frantz away.

Act II. Swanhilda and her girlfriends explore Dr. Coppélius's workroom. It is filled with life-size dolls. Swanhilda discovers Coppélia is also a doll. Coppélius enters and chases the girls away. Swanhilda hides. Frantz climbs through the window. Coppélius welcomes him. He needs a human sacrifice to bring Coppélia to life.

Coppélius give Frantz a glass of wine. The boy falls asleep. The dollmaker performs a magic spell. He tries to bring Coppélia to life using Frantz's life force. Swanhilda pretends to be Coppélia. She destroys the workroom, and saves Frantz's life. Coppélius faints as the sweethearts run away.

Act III. A new church bell is blessed. Swanhilda and Frantz (and other couples) are going to be married. They have all been given dowries by the Lord of the Manor. Dr. Coppélius enters. He is angry. He wants to be paid for the damage done to his workroom. Swanhilda offers her dowry.

The Lord of the Manor allows Swanhilda to keep her dowry. He agrees to pay for the damages. The couples enter the chapel. The celebrations start with the "Dance of the Hours". Dawn, Day, the Hour of Prayer, and other dances are performed. The married couples return. All rejoice.

Several changes were made to Hoffmann's dark short story when it was adapted to the bright and gay "Coppélia". In Hoffmann's fairy tale, for example, the doll comes to life through the hero's life force. In the ballet though, the doll remains a doll. Coppélius's attempt to bring it to life is thwarted by Swanhilda.

In another example, Hoffmann's hero sees the doll in a vision. He then falls from a tower to his death. The hero of "Coppélia" however is saved by his sweetheart. A happy ending replaces a tragic ending.

The designers of the ballet chose only Dr. Coppélius, the life-sized doll, and the young man torn between his attraction to the doll and his love for a human sweetheart for their adaptation. They set the story in a simple country village. Hoffmann set his story in "the philosophically oriented bourgeois society" of the early 19th century.

The spirit of "Coppélia" is lighthearted and gay. The story of the ballet is simple. Its fantastic touches such as the dollmaker and his workshop make "Coppélia", according to Lincoln Kirstein, "a trifle presumed especially appealing to children."

"Coppélia" is one of many (if not the first) ballet about bringing a doll to life. Charles Nuitter started work on the libretto in late 1866 or early 1867. He had a young dancer named Léontine Beaugrand in mind for the part of Swanhilda. Delibes set to work writing the music.

Rehearsals started. The director of the Opéra wanted a star with a well known name to portray the ballet's heroine, Swanhilda. Beaugrand was a lovely young dancer, but her career was just starting. She had yet to have the sort of name that would draw ballet-goers to the theatre.

Adèle Grantzow, a German ballerina dancing at the Bolshoi Theatre in Moscow, was hired to play Swanhilda. Saint-Léon was working between France and Russia at this time. He could not completely devote himself to "Coppélia". Consequently, the ballet was rehearsed over a three-year period.

"Coppélia" lost its star when Grantzow was injured. She went back to Russia. Beaugrand was again passed over for the part of Swanhilda. Giuseppina Bozzacchi was a sixteen-year-old dancer in the company. It was she who was chosen to play Swanhilda.
"Coppélia" was first performed on 25 May 1870 at the Théâtre Impérial de l'Opéra. Giuseppina Bozzacchi played Swanhilda. Eugénie Fiocre played Frantz. Francois-Édouard Dauty portrayed Dr. Coppélius. A real mechanical doll was used as Coppélia. Because a woman played Frantz, a "pas de deux" for Swanhilda and Frantz was not possible. Nonetheless, the ballet was a great success.

Bozzacchi danced eighteen performances of the ballet before the theatre closed because of the Franco-Prussian War. She died of a fever during the Siege of Paris on her seventeenth birthday, 23 November 1870.

When the theatres reopened in 1871, Beaugrand played Swanhilda with great success. The part of Frantz was again played by a woman in men's clothing. Frantz would be a travesty role at the Paris Opéra until the 1950s.

"Coppélia" was the first ballet score written completely by Delibes. He studied with Adolphe Adam. Adam was the composer of the enduring romantic ballet, "Giselle", and the first to use leitmotifs in ballet. Delibes, like his teacher, used leitmotifs to identify persons and places in "Coppelia". Swanhilda has a waltz, and Frantz has two leitmotifs. Coppélius has a dry-sounding motif and the doll has an odd-sounding little motif. Bustling, lively music identifies the village square. Sinister music identifies Coppélius's workshop.

Delibes appreciated the folk music of eastern Europe. He wrote both a Polish dance called the mazurka, and an Hungarian dance called the czardas for the ballet. Delibes's czardas was the first written for a ballet. Other ethnic music in the ballet include a Spanish bolero and a Scottish jig. Frantz has no solo dance in the original ballet because a woman played the part. A pas de deux for Frantz and Swanhilda was not possible for the same reason. The pas de deux now in the ballet was the addition of Marius Petipa. He put a pas de deux in the ballet when he rearranged the music for his 1884 St Petersburg production.

Lincoln Kirstein describes the music as "sprightly" and the "most durable since Adam's "Giselle"". Dance music had become the "miserable servant" of the dance, Kirstein points out, until Delibes's colorful, rhythmically varied, and richly orchestrated "Coppélia". While the music did little to change dance design itself, he writes, it did provide a criterion for future ballet music.

The critic of "Le Figaro" wrote on 28 May 1870, "M. Léo Delibes has composed for the three scenes of "Coppélia" a distinguished, piquant, and colorful score, excellently orchestrated ... It is very difficult to write for legs with a little artistry, taste, and style. For instance, ballets such as "Giselle" are not improvised by the dozen. M. Delibes has avoided the commonplace in a piece where it has every right to succeed."

The critic of "Le Ménestrel" wrote about Bozzacchi on 29 May 1870, "The title of child prodigy should be devised for her had it had not been abused in so many other cases; although scarcely fifteen years old she is already a very skillful dancer, what is better still in our opinion, she is a graceful and a witty actress; add to that a well-proportioned, dainty little body, and that she bids fair to have the prettiest features in the world. If she fulfills all her first promises, she will be a power in her profession."

"Coppelia" was, and still is, very popular. The Paris Opéra Ballet has performed "Coppelia" 711 times over 90 years. In 1996, Patrice Bart created a new version of the ballet. He went back to Hoffmann's fairy tale. In the process, he brought some psychological depth to the ballet's characters. He even put one of Hoffmann's original characters, Professor Spalanzani, into his new version. Bart also used music from Delibes's operas "Le Roi l'a dit" and "Lakmé".

"Coppélia" was first performed in England at the Empire Theatre in London on 14 May 1906. Adeline Genée danced Swanhilda. The Royal Ballet first staged "Coppélia" in 1933. This staging was Nicholas Sergeyev's version based on the 19th century revision by Lev Ivanov and Enrico Cecchetti. Dame Ninette de Valois danced Swanilda in Sergeyev's 1933 version. In 1954, de Valois created her own version based on the Russian versions of "Coppélia".

"Coppélia" was first performed in Russia in 1884. Marius Petipa adapted the original choreography for this production. In 2009, Sergei Vikharev reconstructed "Coppélia" for the Bolshoi Ballet from the Mariinsky Theatre records of 1894. This version featured new designs and 24 dancers in the "Dance of the Hours". Vikharev's version was staged in London in 2010 as part of the Bolshoi's summer tour.

"Coppélia" was first performed in the United States by the American Opera Company at the Metropolitan Opera in New York City on 11 March 1887. Marie Giuri danced Swanhilda and Felicita Carossa danced Frantz. Anna Pavlova made her American debut in the role of Swanhilda at the Metropolitan Opera on 28 February 1910. George Balanchine and Alexandra Danilova choreographed a version of "Coppélia" in 1974. Their production used the traditional story in the first two scenes, but dropped the third scene's "Dance of the Hours" for a general celebration of ballet.

"Coppelia" was first performed in Australia in Melbourne in 1913. Adeline Gennée and members of the Imperial Russian Ballet performed the ballet on the opening night of their Australian tour. This version was produced by Alexandre Volonine, and was supplemented with music by C. J. M. Glaser.

The first Australian production premiered in 1931 in Sydney, Australia. This production was designed and staged by Louise Lightfoot and performed by the First Australian Ballet. Australian ballet lovers then saw selections from the ballet as well as complete, full length productions by both Australian and foreign companies in the following decades.

A version of "Coppélia" was staged by the National Ballet of China in Beijing in 2002. The dances for this production were designed by Par Isberg. The production opened at the Tianqiao Theatre on 1 May 2002. Wang Qiming played Coppélia. The production stayed close to the original, but the story was simplified and made modern. Costumes included jeans for men and short, tight skirts for women. Some of the women danced on roller skates.



Pan-Germanism

Pan-German Movement (from , all, and "Germania") is a nationalist ideological and political movement promoting the unification of all German-speaking peoples of Europe.

IMVU

IMVU is an instant messaging client that uses three dimensional avatars to represent people. It was made in 2004 and has over 20 million users. Users can change how their avatar looks by buying things with "IMVU credits" earned in the game. It is free to join, but some features cost money. Most features can be bought with the game currency ("IMVU credits").



Constance Georgine, Countess Markiewicz

Constance, Countess Markiewicz, born Constance Georgine Gore-Booth, 4 February 1868 – 15 July 1927), was an Irish Sinn Féin and Fianna Fáil.

She was the first woman elected to the British House of Commons, but she did not take her seat. Instead she and the other Sinn Féin TDs formed the first Dáil Éireann. She is well known for founding Cumann na mBan.

She was also the first woman in Europe to be a cabinet minister, She was Minister of Labour of the Irish Republic between 1919 and 1922.

Nas

Nasir Jones (born September 14, 1973), better known as Nas, is an American rapper. He is best known for his first album, "Illmatic", which was released in 1994. It has been widely critically praised. He followed up with several commercially successful albums, such as "It Was Written", "I Am…", "Nastradamus", "Stillmatic", "God's Son", "Street's Disciple", "Hip Hop Is Dead", "Untitled", "Life Is Good", and the "King's Disease" series. Nas has been nominated for fourteen Grammy Awards; his thirteenth studio album "King's Disease" took the crown for Best Rap Album of the year during the 63rd Grammy Awards. Famed for his storytelling prowess and lyrical creativity, Nas is regarded as one of the greatest rappers of all time.

Nas was born on September 14, 1973 in Brooklyn, New York. His father, Olu Dara, is a musician who plays the trumpet. When Nas was young, his family moved to Queens, New York.

On June 15, 1994, Nas's ex-fiancée Carmen Bryan gave birth to their daughter, Destiny. Nas was married to Kelis from 2005 until they divorced in 2010. She is the mother of his son.
Nas started making music when he was a teenager. He recorded his first music with a producer called Large Professor, but did not yet publish it. Nas' first published song was "Live at the Barbeque" in 1991. He was a guest artist on this song, which was by the group Main Source. In 1992, Nas released his first single, a song called "Halftime". This song was first published as part of a movie's soundtrack.

Nas released his first album, called "Illmatic", in 1994. The album got very good reviews. People especially liked Nas' songwriting skills on the album. Because it was so well liked, "Illmatic" is often called a classic. Today, many people still say that "Illmatic" is one of the best hip-hop albums ever. Nas released his second album in 1996. He called the album "It Was Written". On this album, Nas tried to make songs that a bigger audience would like. He also made expensive music videos to promote the album.

Nas also joined a hip hop group called The Firm. The other members of the group were Foxy Brown, AZ, and Nature. The Firm first appeared as a group on "It Was Written". In 1997, The Firm released an album together. The Firm's album sold many copies, but sold less than the group had hoped it would. After this album, The Firm stopped making music as a group. Nas instead started making his third album by himself. He planned to call this album "I Am... The Autobiography", and wanted it to be a double album. People leaked many of the songs from this album onto the Internet before it came out. Because of this, Nas decided to record new songs for the album. He also changed the title to "I Am...". This album came out in 1999. Nas also released another album, called "Nastradamus", in 1999. "Nastradamus" was originally meant to have the leaked songs from "I Am...", but Nas changed his mind and decided to record new songs for it.

In the late 1990s, Nas began feuding with rapper Jay-Z. In 2001, Jay-Z wrote a song called "Takeover" that insulted Nas. Nas replied by writing a song called "Ether" that insulted Jay-Z in return. "Ether" appeared on Nas' fifth album, "Stillmatic", which he released in 2001. "Stillmatic" was mostly well liked. Its good reception helped to boost Nas' career after his last two albums had received bad reviews. Nas' next album was "The Lost Tapes", an album made of songs he had written earlier but never published. "The Lost Tapes" got good reviews. Some critics said it was his best album since "Illmatic".

Nas released several more albums in the 2000s. In 2002, he released "God's Son". This album sold many copies, causing it to go platinum. It also included the song "I Can", which became Nas' biggest hit song. After this, Nas' next album was a double album called "Street's Disciple". The album got good reviews, but sold fewer copies than his earlier albums.

Nas and Jay-Z ended their fued in 2005. To show that they had made up, Nas made a surprise appearance at a Jay-Z concert in 2005. The two musicians performed Jay-Z's song "Dead Presidents" together. At this time, Jay-Z was the president of the record label Def Jam Recordings. Nas signed a contract with Def Jam in January 2006. On the Def Jam label, Nas released his next album in 2006. This album was called "Hip Hop Is Dead". The album reached No. 1 on the "Billboard" 200 chart. It was Nas' first number-one album since "I Am...", and his third ever. In 2007, Nas announced that he wanted to call his next album "Nigger". Because the title was a racial slur, many people were unhappy with this announcement. Nas was criticized by famous progressives like Jesse Jackson, and also by the conservative news channel Fox News. Because of the controversy, Nas decided to release the album without any title at all.

In 2010, Nas released an album with Damian Marley called "Distant Relatives". It entered the "Billboard" 200 at number five. Three singles were released from the album. In 2012, Nas released his eleventh album "Life Is Good". He wrote it after he divorced Kelis. The album received good reviews.

In 2014, a documentary called "Nas: Time Is Illmatic" was released. The movie celebrated the 20th anniversary of "Illmatic". Nas also performed songs from "Illmatic" at the Kennedy Center. In 2017, Nas did more work in film and TV. He wrote a song for the TV show "The Getdown" and appeared in a documentary called "The American Epic Sessions".

Nas' next album was called "Nasir". It was released in 2018. Kanye West produced all of "Nasir". The album received mixed reviews. In 2019, Nas released "The Lost Tapes 2". He had originally planned to release this album soon after "The Lost Tapes". However, the album was delayed several times. In 2020, Nas released an album called "King's Disease". This album won a Grammy Award for Best Rap Album. Nas had been nominated for many Grammy Awards, but this was the first time he won. Nas then released an album called "King's Disease II" in 2021. He also released the album called "Magic" in the same year. In 2022, he released "King's Disease III".


United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland

The United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland was the formal name of the United Kingdom from 1 January 1801 until 12 April 1927. The United Kingdom was formed by the merger of the Kingdom of Great Britain (itself a merger of the Kingdoms of England and Scotland) and the Kingdom of Ireland. Its name was changed in 1927 after the majority of Ireland left the UK in 1922 and became the sovereign Irish Free State, thus leaving only six counties in the north within the UK.

The monarch continued to use the title of "King" or "Queen of United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland" until 1927. 

House of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha 




Xerox

Xerox is an American company that makes and sells photocopiers and paper. It was the first brand of modern photocopiers. The term xerox has become a generic trademark. This means people often use 'xerox' to mean any copy machine, and "xeroxing" to mean photocopying. The company was founder in 1906. Its headquarters is in Norwalk, Connecticut. Ursula Burns became the CEO and Chairwoman in 2009.

Agneta Sjödin

Agneta Sjödin (born 20 July 1967 in Norrbo, Hälsingland) is a Swedish television presenter.


Baroque

The Baroque (, ; ) is a style of architecture, music, dance, painting, sculpture, and other arts that flourished in Europe from the early 17th century until the 1740s. 



Éamon de Valera

Éamon de Valera (born with the name Edward George de Valera, ) (14 October 1882 – ) was one of the dominant political figures in 20th century Ireland. Co-owner of one of the Irish Press Newspapers, he served in public office from 1917 to 1973. Several times he was either head of state or head of government in Ireland.

De Valera was a leader of Ireland's struggle for independence from the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland. He also led opposition to the anti-Treaty in the Irish Civil War. De Valera was the author of the Constitution of Ireland.

De Valera was born in the New York Nursery and Child's Hospital in New York City in 1882 to an Irish mother; he said that his parents were Catherine Coll Wheelwright, an immigrant from Bruree, County Limerick, and Juan Vivion de Valera, a Spanish-Cuban settler and sculptor, and that they were married in 1881 in New York.

In 1885, after his father's death, de Valera was taken to Ireland by his Uncle Ned. He was brought up by his grandmother Elizabeth Coll, her son Patrick and her daughter Hannie, in County Limerick. At the age of sixteen, he won a scholarship to Blackrock College, County Dublin. In his first year in Blackrock College he was Student of the Year. In 1903 was became mathematics teacher at Rockwell College, County Tipperary. When he graduated in mathematics from the Royal University of Ireland he went back to Blackrock College He taught in many other colleges, including Belvedere college where he taught Kevin Barry, the young Irish republican hanged by the British during the Irish War of Independence.

De Valera was an active "gaeilgeoir" (Irish language enthusiast). In 1908 he joined the Conradh na Gaeilge (the Gaelic League), where he met Dubhghlas de hÍde, later first President of Ireland, and also Sinéad Flanagan, another teacher who he married on 8 January 1910 at St Paul's Church, Arran Quay, Dublin.

On 25 November 1913 he joined the Irish Volunteers. He was soon elected captain of the Donnybrook company, then commandant of the Third Battalion and adjutant of the Dublin Brigade. He also joined the Irish Republican Brotherhood, which secretly controlled the central executive of the Volunteers.

On 24 April 1916 the Easter Rising began. De Valera occupied Boland's Mills, Grand Canal Street in Dublin. After the fighting de Valera was court-martialled, convicted, and sentenced to death, but the sentence was changed to for life imprisonment. This was because he was not kept in Kilmainham Jail with the first prisoners executed. The delay meant British authorities started to check if he really was an American citizen, and wonder how the United States would react to the execution of one of its citizens.

De Valera's supporters say he showed leadership skills and a great ability for planning. His enemies claim he suffered a nervous breakdown during the Rising.

After imprisonment in Dartmoor, Maidstone and Lewes prisons in England, de Valera and other prisoners were released under an amnesty in June 1917. On 10 July 1917 he was elected member of the British House of Commons for East Clare (the constituency which he represented in Dail Eireann until 1959) in a by-election after MP Willie Redmond died fighting in World War I.

British newspapers and picture postcards often called the Easter Rising the Sinn Féin rebellion. From 1917 de Valera was president of Sinn Féin. He and the other survivors of the Rising took over Sinn Féin and then turned into a republican party. Arthur Griffith, had wanted an Anglo-Irish "dual monarchy", with an independent Ireland governed separately from Britain, their only link being a shared monarch, like Canada and Britain today.

That had been the way Ireland was governed with the so-called Constitution of 1782 under Henry Grattan, until Ireland joined with Great Britain to form the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in 1801.

Sinn Féin won 73 out of 104 Irish seats in the 1918 general election. A lot more people wanted an independent Ireland after the leaders of the Easter Rising were executed of the 1916 leaders and the threat of conscription. In January 1919, these Sinn Féin MPs, or "TD"s, met in the Mansion House (City Hall), Dublin and formed the First Dáil Éireann ().

De Valera was not at this meeting because he had been arrested. He escaped from Lincoln Prison in February 1919, and when he got back to Dublin he replaced Cathal Brugha as Prime Minister . The Dáil Constitution passed by the Dáil said that the Príomh Aire was prime minister not head of state.

In September 1919 the British authorities said that The Dáil was illegal. The fighting against Britain escalated into the Irish War of Independence (also called the 'Anglo-Irish War').

In January 1921, he got back from the United States with a loan of $5,500,000 This made him very popular.

In August 1921 de Valera had Dáil Éireann change the 1919 Dáil Constitution to upgrade his title from prime minister to President of the Republic. He said that as Irish head of state he would not go to the Treaty Negotiations of October–December 1921 because the British head of state, King George V would not be there either.

The Treaty replaced the Republic by a dominion of the British Commonwealth with the King represented by a Governor-General of the Irish Free State. This was just how Canada was governed. Treaty was finally signed on 6 December 1921.

De Valera's opponents said that he did not join the negotiations because he knew that the British would only allow an Irish dominion, not a republic, and did not want to be blamed for giving up the idea of a republic. De Valera said he was angry because the delegates working out the treaty had not asked him before signing the treaty. But at a secret session of the Dáil during the Treaty Debates and publicised in January 1922, his ideas for a treaty included dominion status, the 'Treaty Ports', a veto by the parliament in Belfast, and the king as head of the Commonwealth. Ireland's would pay a share of the imperial debt.

When the Treaty was accepted by 64 votes to 57, de Valera and a large minority of Sinn Féin TDs left Dáil Éireann. He resigned and Arthur Griffith was elected President of Dáil Éireann in his place.

In March 1922, de Valera made an angry speech saying that, if the Treaty was accepted, it might be necessary to "wade through Irish blood" to achieve Irish freedom. Later he said that De Valera's enemies said that this was encouraging civil war.

Civil War broke out in late June 1922.

Fighting in the Irish Civil War started on 28 June 1922 and ended in May 1923 when the pro-treaty Free State forces beat the anti-Treaty IRA.

De Valera was supposed to be the head of the anti-Treatyites, but he had little power. Usually he had little influence with the IRA Chief of Staff, Liam Lynch. De Valera formed a republican government on 25 October 1922 but it had no real authority and was never like the Dáil governments of 1919–21, which was an alternative government to the British, even running their own courts.

When the IRA's new Chief of Staff called a ceasefire Frank Aiken on 30 May 1923 the government had won. Many republicans were arrested when they came out of hiding and returned home. De Valera was arrested in County Clare and interned until 1924.

De Valera resigned from the presidency of Sinn Féin after losing a vote to accept the Free State Constitution (if the Oath of Allegiance was dropped). In March 1926 he formed a new party, Fianna Fáil (Soldiers of Destiny). Fianna Fáil was successful in elections, but for over a year a it did not take its seats in the Dáil. When a new law made candidates promise to take the oath if elected, de Valera and his TDs took the Oath of Allegiance in 1927. They said the oath was "an empty formula" that is, just words they had to say, they did not have to believe them.

Six years after it was founded Fianna Fáil won 72 seats in the 1932 general election, and had a "plurality" in the Dáil. That is, it was the largest party but had less than half of all of the seats, which would be a "majority". On 9 March Governor-General James McNeill appointed de Valera President of the Executive Council . He abolished the oath and stopped paying money owed to Britain.

De Valera called a general election in January 1933 and won 77 seats, giving him an overall majority. Under his leadership, Fianna Fáil won further general elections in 1937, 1938, 1943 and 1944.

De Valera was his own Minister for External Affairs. He attended meetings of the League of Nations, and was president of the Council of the League on his first appearance at Geneva in 1932. In 1934, he supported the admission of the Soviet Union into the League. In September 1938 he was elected nineteenth president of the Assembly of the League, a tribute to the international recognition he had won by his independent stance on world questions.

During the 1930s, de Valera changed a lot of the Irish Free State constitution.

The Governor-General of the Irish Free State could "reserve" or "deny" the Royal Assent to any changes after being advised (ordered) by "His Majesty's Government in London". After a legal argument with the British Government the power this was changed to "His Majesty's Government in the Irish Free State"

That meant that de Valera was the only person who could stop a bill becoming law.

De Valera abolished:

When King Edward VIII abdicted (resigned) as "King of Ireland" de Valera passed two Bills; 

In July 1936, de Valera wrote to King Edward in London saying that he planned to introduce a new constitution. This was only a little different from the "Bunreacht na hÉireann" (meaning literally the Constitution of Ireland).

The new constitution was not an act of the Dáil but was voted for in a referendum, because de Valera wanted a new start for the new country he was setting up.

Ireland stayed neutral in World War II, which was called The Emergency in Ireland. Both the possibility of a German invasion and a British invasion were discussed in the Dáil.

But even though de Valera hated Britain, Irish neutrality often favoured the allies:


In May 1945, de Valera visited the German minister in Dublin, to express sympathy over the death of the Führer. Along with President Douglas Hyde, de Valera was the only head of government to do this. De Valera did not visit the American embassy following the death of Roosevelt, as David Gray, the American Ambassador said he would not receive de Valera. All flags were flown at half-mast on Roosevelt's death on de Valera's instructions

After sixteen years in power, Fianna Fáil lost the 1948 election. John A. Costello was Taoiseach of a coalition Government. It was Costello who declared Ireland a republic, making de Valera's friend President Ó Ceallaigh Ireland's head of state. In 1951 de Valera was returned to power but without an overall majority. Many people thought this was his worst government. He spent several months in the Netherlands where he had six operations on his eyes.

Fianna Fáil was defeated again in the 1954 general election, but in 1957 de Valera, won a majority of nine seats. This was the beginning of another sixteen year period in office for Fianna Fáil. But de Valera was only Taoiseach for two years.

In 1959 he was elected President of Ireland, as which he served until 1973. At his retirement at the age of 90, he was the oldest Head of State in the world.
Éamon de Valera died in Linden Convalescent Home, Blackrock, County Dublin on 29 August 1975 aged 92. His wife, Sinéad de Valera, four years his senior, had died the previous January, on the eve of their 65th wedding anniversary. He is buried in Dublin's Glasnevin Cemetery.

In his recent controversial biography by Tim Pat Coogan says that his failures are more than his achievements, and that de Valera's popularity fell as Michael Collins's rose.

Garret Fitzgerald summarised his last term as Taoiseach; 
"Total economic stagnation marked de Valera's last seven years as leader of his party - because all of the chickens of his disastrous commitment to an inward-looking policy of self sufficiency were coming home to roost."

Operetta

Operetta is a term which started to be used in the 19th century to describe an opera that was not too serious and often full of fun. It is often described as “light opera” (“light” meaning “not serious“). In an opera everything is usually sung. In an operetta there is a lot of spoken dialogue, and songs and dances are added to this. Similar traditions already existed in other countries, e.g. in Germany where the Singspiel tradition was popular (e.g. Mozart’s "The Magic Flute)".

The operetta tradition started in France and soon spread to Austria and other countries. It remained popular until the mid-20th century, when it gradually turned into musical comedy.

The composer Jacques Offenbach can be thought of as the creator of the operetta tradition. It grew out of the opéra comique which had become quite long and serious. There was a need for shorter, more humorous musical entertainments. Offenbach was composing operettas in the 1850s in Paris. In England such works were often called “comic operas” or “opera comedies”. Then Johann Strauss became very popular in Vienna. He was already very well known in the ballroom, but when he started to write for the theatre he soon became a rival to Offenbach, whose operettas had become very popular in Vienna. Strauss’s operetta "Die Fledermaus" (“The Bat”) has been performed more than any other operetta. In Spain the Zarzuela was a kind of operetta.

Many people were involved in the creating and performing of operettas. The performers often had to both sing and act very well. Bizet, Chabrier and Delibes all wrote operettas as well as operas and other types of music. In England the operas of Gilbert and Sullivan were a kind of English form of operetta.

One of the most popular of all operettas was "Die Lustige Witwe" ("The Merry Widow") by Franz Léhar. It was produced in 1905 in Vienna. Léhar wrote many other operettas as well. Franz von Suppé is another composer who wrote operettas in the Austrian tradition. The most known Romanian operetta is "Crai nou" ("New moon") by Ciprian Porumbescu. 

In the early 20th century the French operetta became less popular as there was more interest in the Viennese operetta. After World War I Berlin was the centre of German operetta. By the middle of the 20th century many composers were writing light operas which were based on American dance band music. These were no longer called “operettas”. The word “operetta” continued to be used for light operas which were more in the style of traditional central European music.

Investiture

Investiture means the formal installation of somebody (heir, elect of nominee) in public office by formally giving him the "insignia". The term is normally reserved for formal offices of state, aristocracy and church.

In the Middle Ages investiture was the ceremonial transfer of a fief by an overlord to a vassal. The lord "invested" the vassal with a fiefdom, by giving a symbol of the land or office. From feudal times up to the present, the term has been used in canon law to refer to a cleric receiving the symbols of spiritual office, such as the pastoral ring, mitre and staff, signifying transfer of the office.

In the United Kingdom, around 2,600 people are invested personally by The Queen or a member of the Royal Family. A list of those to be honoured is published twice a year, in either the New Year's Honours List or The Queen's Birthday Honours List.
Approximately 22 Investitures are held annually in Buckingham Palace, one or two at the Palace of Holyroodhouse in Edinburgh and one in Cardiff.

The question who should invest (appoint) whom was the subject of a conflict between the Catholic church (mainly the papacy) and state (mainly the Holy Roman Empire) in the Middle Ages during the so-called lay investiture controversy.

Insignia

Insignia (the plural of Latin "insigne": emblem, symbol) is a symbol or token of personal power, status or office, or of an official body of government or jurisdiction. Insignia are especially used as an emblem of a specific or general authority.

Typical examples of insignia are:


Official insignia are often protected by law as to allow their use only by people holding a specific office or staff members action on behalf of such a person. Misuse, defacement and destruction of such symbols is considered an offense in many countries.

Irish War of Independence

(IRA) against the British soldiers (known as the Black and Tans because of the colour of their uniform) who were trying to keep Ireland under British control.

The war was fought between 1919 and June 1921. The fighting stopped while a peace treaty was worked out. 

It began because of the 1916 Easter Rising. The Irish Republican Brotherhood (IRB) men fought the British soldiers because they wanted Ireland to be its own country and wanted Britain to move its army out of Ireland.

6 IRB members were killed including 3 who were executed. These executions angered the Irish people and caused many people to become "Republicans". Republicans lived mostly in the south of Ireland. Ulster was considered to be the most unionist part of Ireland. This was caused by the Ulster Plantations. The Unionists wanted to stay under control of the British Government.

In 1917 the IRB was renamed the IRA and in 1919, the fighting started. By the end of 1919, the IRA had beaten the Royal Irish Constabulary (RIC) and Ireland had no police forces. In London, the British government began to debate about Ireland's rule. The war waged on until 1921 when Irish Sinn Féin leaders and British MPs made a peace treaty (called the Anglo-Irish Treaty). This treaty created the Irish Free State this meant that Ireland was given Dominion Status. The treaty gave all the same rights to the Irish government as that of the Canadian or Australian government.

It handed power of 26 of the 32 counties to the Irish Government. The 6 counties that were kept by the British Government were all in Ulster and formed Northern Ireland.


Bishop (chess)

A bishop () is a piece in the board game of chess. Each player starts the game with two bishops. At the start of a game, one bishop is placed in between the knight and the queen. This piece is the "queen's bishop". The other bishop is placed between the knight and the king. This piece is the "king's bishop". The bishops are also referred to as the light-square bishop and dark-square bishop, depending on the square color it starts on. In chess notation, the starting squares are c1 and f1 for White's bishops, and c8 and f8 for Black's bishops.

The bishop first appeared in medieval European chess. In Chaturanga, the bishop was represented as an armed attendant who sat on the back of an elephant. The Arabs called this figure "al-fil", which means "elephant". However, elephants were not known in Central Europe, so they could not recognize the figure. The bishops were interpreted differently by the different nations. That is why the bishop is a "Läufer" (runner) in Germany, a "fou" (fool) in France and a "alfiere" (standard-bearer) in Italy.

The bishop moves diagonally. It can move as far as a player wants it to, unless another piece blocks its path. A bishop can never leave the color of square that it starts on.

In the centre of an empty board, a bishop can move to 13 squares.

Bathurst 1000

The Bathurst 1000 is a car race held at Mount Panorama, Bathurst, New South Wales, Australia. It is held every year.

South Atlantic tropical cyclone

A South Atlantic tropical cyclone is an unusual form of weather event. Usually, strong wind shear is the biggest problem why tropical cyclones do not normally form in the southern Atlantic Ocean. If there was ever a "hurricane season" in the south Atlantic, it would most likely happen during the opposite of the north Atlantic season, from December to May with mid-March being the peak when the oceans are warmest in the Southern Hemisphere.

Cyclone (or Hurricane) Catarina was an extraordinarily rare tropical cyclone, forming in the southern Atlantic Ocean in March 2004. Just after becoming a hurricane, it hit the southern coast of Brazil in the state of Santa Catarina on the evening of March 28, with winds estimated near 180 km/h (112 mph), making it a Category 2 storm on the Saffir-Simpson Hurricane Scale. The cyclone killed 3-10 people and caused millions of dollars in damage in Brazil.

This event is thought to be a nearly once-in-a-lifetime event by meteorologists.

On April 10, 1991, what was either a strong tropical depression or a weak tropical storm formed in the eastern South Atlantic, recorded by weather satellites off the coast of Angola. It reached a peak on the 13th, and dissipated two days later, drifting west-southwestward from where it formed. Of the few South Atlantic tropical cyclones that have existed, this was the only one in the eastern Atlantic. This was also the first South Atlantic tropical cyclone ever observed.

A small area of convection developed on a trough of low pressure in mid-January off Brazil. It organized and appeared to become a tropical depression on January 18. The next morning, it had a small amounts of convection near the center and well-defined bands, and the system, either a weak tropical storm or a strong tropical depression, likely reached its peak. Located 150 n miles southeast of Salvador, Brazil, it weakened as upper level shear, normal for the basin, prevailed. The depression moved inland on the 20th as a circulation with no convection, and dissipated the next day over Brazil, where it caused heavy rains and flooding. This would mark the first time in recorded history that two tropical cyclones (Catarina and the January storm) have been seen during the same year in the South Atlantic, and may be considered to make up the 2003-04 South Atlantic hurricane season.

A small area of convection 600 miles southeast of Rio de Janeiro moved into an area of low wind shear and barely 26°C warm waters on February 23, 2006. The wave had deep convection, was able to form a closed LLC and had 35 mi/h (56 km/h) winds as measured by Quikscat on February 24, 2006. These characteristics were operationally recognized for three hours before high shear began to tear the system apart, just short of the six hours required to be officially declared a tropical depression. It is possible that the system maintained these features longer and may have briefly been a tropical depression. While under study, the system was referred to as 90L Invest. The shear would eventually cause the system to dissipate later that night. Picture 


Opera buffa

Opera buffa is an Italian term meaning “comic opera”. It is mainly used for 18th century Italian comic operas. Opera buffa contrasts with opera seria (“serious opera”) in which the story was a tragedy. Opera seria was supposed to be “serious”, while opera buffa was an entertaining musical comedy. Like the opera seria, everything was sung, there was no spoken dialogue. This was different from comic opera in other countries. The story in opera buffa is told in recitative and then there were arias for the characters to show their feelings and show off their voices. 

Although we use the term “opera buffa” today, in the 18th century they called such operas by other names, e.g. “commedia in musica”, “dramma giocosa”, “operetta”, “burlesca” etc. An opera buffa was usually a full length work: one which would fill a whole evening’s entertainment. It was different from an “intermezzo” or “farsa” which was a short musical comedy that was performed during the intervals of a musical tragedy, although the difference between the two is not always obvious. The intermezzo became longer and longer during the 18th century and gradually developed into opera buffa. Pergolesi’s "La Serva Padrone" was an intermezzo which became very famous after Pergolesi’s death. It influenced opera buffa. 

Opera buffa always included a lot of caricature. The characters showed human weaknesses such as , , and (people who were pretending to be wise and important). They often poked fun at the ruling classes.

In opera buffa the acting was always very important. It was a very lively show, with a lot happening very quickly. At the end of each act all the main characters sang together: this is called an “ensemble” (the French word for “together”).

Opera buffa started in Naples and gradually spread to other parts of Italy. It was particularly popular at carnival time. Important composers of opera buffa include Carlo Goldoni and Baldassare Galuppi.

By the end of the 18th century it was not always possible to tell the difference between an opera buffa and an opera seria. Mozart’s opera "Don Giovanni", for example, has a lot of comedy, but there is also a serious side.

Opera seria

Opera seria is an Italian term which refers to the "serious" style of Italian opera in the 18th century. It was different from opera buffa which was a musical comedy. Opera seria was supposed to be about serious tragedy. The term “opera seria” only started to be used after the time when it was popular in order to talk about the historic period.

Italian "opera seria" was always in the Italian language, even when it was composed or performed in other countries such as Germany, Austria, England and Spain. In France the opera seria was not so popular. They had their own forms of opera.

Popular composers of opera seria included Hasse, Vinci, Jommelli, George Frideric Handel, Piccinni, Paisiello, Cimarosa, Gluck, and Mozart.

"Opera seria" was often called "dramma per musica" ("drama through music"). The story was told in recitative, a quick-flowing music with simple accompaniment. Then there were arias which were the big songs where the singers could show off their skills. They were normally in "da capo" form (a main section, a middle section, and the main section repeated). The opera would start with an overture and there would also be some ensembles where several characters sang at once.

The stories of opera seria were usually about the ancient Greek and Roman gods or kings. This was in contrast to opera buffa, which was about ordinary people and often made fun of kings and nobility.

The main singers in opera seria were mostly castrati, male singers who had been castrated when they were young so that they still sang with high voices. Gradually during the 18th century the female singers got more of the main roles (the “prima donna” or “first lady”).

One of the first composers of opera seria was Alessandro Scarlatti. In England George Frideric Handel wrote many great opera seria. The most important man in the development of mid-18th century opera seria was Metastasio who wrote libretti. His words were set by the greatest composers in Europe: Hasse, Porpora and, especially, Mozart.

In the later part of the 18th century Christoph Willibald Gluck changed a lot of traditions in opera. He did not want opera to be just a way for singers to show off their voices. He wanted the story to be important. He did not use dry recitative but tried to make the drama, dance and music all important, especially the chorus. "Orfeo ed Euridice" was his first important opera, followed by others such as "Alceste". 

Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart was influenced by Gluck’s reforms. His two great opera seria were "Idomeneo" (1780) and "La clemenza di Tito" (1791). Mostly, however, Mozart was not so interested in writing about the old Greek gods and kings. His other great Italian operas: "Cosi fan tutte", "Le Nozze di Figaro" and "Don Giovanni" are something between opera seria and opera buffa. These were set to libretti by Lorenzo da Ponte. 

Other important "opera seria" composers were Luigi Cherubini and Gaspare Spontini, followed by Rossini whose musical style made further changes to opera seria.

Mosbach

Mosbach (South Franconian: "Mossbach") is a town in the state of Baden-Württemberg, Germany. About 25,000 people live there. It is between Heidelberg and Heilbronn. There are other big towns nearby: Sinsheim, Eberbach and Osterburken.

In Neckarelz, a suburb of Mosbach, is the most important train station. There are trains running from Mannheim - Heidelberg - Heilbronn, Stuttgart - Heilbronn - Neckarelz and Kaiserslautern - Mannheim - Heidelberg - Mosbach - Osterburken. There are also 2 other stations: Mosbach and Mosbach West. There are only trains from Kaiserslautern to Osterburken.

Mosbach has an area of . The postal codes are from "74801" to "74821", the old one was "6950". The telephone numbers start with "+49 6261", The cars have number plates with the letters "MOS".


Counties of Ireland

There are 32 historic counties on the island of Ireland. 26 are in the Republic of Ireland and 6 are in Northern Ireland.

The counties "in italics" do not have a county council, instead they are have two or more smaller administrative county councils (called districts, in Northern Ireland)

Several large towns are county boroughs. These councils have the same powers and duties of a county council.

Melk Abbey

Melk Abbey or Stift Melk is a Benedictine abbey. It lies on the Danube, near the city of Melk. It is in Lower Austria. It is one of the distinguishing features of a region known as Wachau. It is an UNESCO World Heritage Site.

The abbey was almost totally destroyed in a fire, on 14 August 1297. It was rebuilt in Baroque style at the beginning of the 18th century.

Walenstadt

Walenstadt is a small city in east Switzerland. It is near Lake Walen and is divided in four part cities: Tscherlach, Berschis, Walenstadt and Walenstadtberg.


Exhibitionism

Exhibitionism is a behavior done to attract attention. In everyday life, extroverts may be exhibitionists. 

As a histrionic personality disorder, exhibitionism is the pleasure a person feels by showing their breasts, genitals or buttocks to strangers to shock or frighten them.

Less severe forms of exhibitionism are streaking, mooning, and flashing.


Norman Rockwell

Norman Percevel Rockwell (February 3, 1894 – November 8, 1978) was an American painter. He was born in New York City. During 40 years Rockwell drew the cover pages of "The Saturday Evening Post". He died of emphysema in Stockbridge, Massachusetts. The Norman Rockwell Museum in Stockbridge owns much of his work.

He is well known for the set of paintings called the "Four Freedoms" - four pictures of President Franklin D. Roosevelt, called: "Freedom of Speech", "Freedom of Worship", "Freedom from Want" and "Freedom from Fear".

Other famous paintings are


Zuiderzee Works

The Zuiderzeewerken ("Zuiderzee Works") are a system of dams, land reclamation and water drainage works in the Netherlands during the twentieth century. Plans for the works date back to the 1600s, but it was not until a very bad flood in 1916, that the Dutch parliament finally agreed to pay for the works. Now it is one of the Seven Wonders of the Modern World.

First some dams or dykes were built to separate the South Sea () from the North Sea. The biggest was the "Afsluitdijk" ('closure dyke'). It is long. When it was finished in 1932, the South Sea was completely cut off and from then on would become a lake called the "IJsselmeer".

Land reclamation meant building more dams and pumping out the water inside. The new land is called a polder. Polders make new land for agriculture and make flood protection better, because the lake is smaller.

There are gates and sluices at the ends of the Afsluitdijk. The gates, called locks, can be opened to let ships through. The sluices let water out of the IJsselmeer. If there were no sluices the lake would fill up and flood the countryside. This is because it is always being filled with water from rivers and the polders which are still being drained.



Hugo Alvar Henrik Aalto

Hugo Alvar Henrik Aalto (February 3, 1898 – May 11, 1976 ) was a Finnish architect who made many important contributions to architecture. Sometimes called the "Father of Modernism".

Alvar Aalto was born in Kuortane, Finland. He studied architecture at the Technical University of Helsinki from 1916 to 1921. He returned to Jyväskylä, where he opened his first architectural office in 1923. Alvar Aalto died in May 11, 1976, in Helsinki. 


Crook of Devon

The Crook of Devon is a Perthshire village about 6 miles south west of Kinross on the A977. It was famous in the 17th century for its witch burnings. Down the road at the side of the Institute (Village Hall) on the right hand side is a field called Lamblaires and in the north west corner is the place where the witches were strangled and then burned at the stake.


Opéra-comique

Opéra comique is a French opera tradition. Many French operas from the early 18th century to the early 20th century are opéras comiques. In this French tradition there is spoken dialogue as well as songs and dances. It developed from the popular vaudevilles. 

In Paris there is a theatre called the Opéra-Comique where these operas were performed. Although “opéra comique” means “comic opera” it is not necessarily comedy. Bizet’s opera "Carmen" is probably the most famous opéra comique, and it is a tragedy. By the late 19th century the opéra-comique usually had no spoken dialogue. There was music all the way through (as there is in "Carmen").

Vaudeville

A Vaudeville was a French satirical poem or song in the 17th and 18th centuries. It was used a lot in French theatre where entertainments using such songs were called "comédie en vaudeville". Late in the 19th century, a type of variety show done in American theaters came to be called "vaudeville" which was popular from the early 1880s to the early 1930s. The typical American vaudeville performance was made up of a several different, unrelated performances which were grouped together into a single show. Entertainers typically traveled from town to town as arranged by a "vaudeville circuit". It became less popular after the rise of movies, cinema, and radio, which eventually took over as the main forms of public entertainment.

The earliest vaudeville was the "vau de vire", a Norman song of the 15th century, named after the valley of Vire. During the 16th century a style grew in the towns in France called the "voix de ville" ( "city voices"), whose name may have been a pun on "vau de vire". These were also satirical. The two styles came together and in the 17th and 18th century. The term 'vaudeville' came to be used for songs satirizing political and court events. 

The comédie en vaudeville grew from the tradition of these simple songs. The Paris audiences in the late 17th and early 18th century enjoyed hearing the familiar vaudeville tunes to new words. These comedies then grew into opéra-comique.


Capelle aan den IJssel

Capelle aan den IJssel is a municipality at the east side of Rotterdam. It is on the river IJssel and it has around 65,000 inhabitants. The place is well-known because the Dutch Prime Minister Jan Peter Balkenende lives there.

Poppy

A poppy is a flowering plant in the subfamily Paperveroideae.

The name is used especially for the bright red flowers which are common in this group. They are symbolic, and used to remember the Armistice Day of World War I, now known as Remembrance Day. Now it is celebrated in the Commonwealth for those who died in all wars.

Some types can be grown and used to make the drug opium. Ancient Egyptian doctors had their patients eat seeds from a poppy to relieve pain. Poppy seeds contain small quantities of both morphine and codeine. These are pain-relieving drugs that are still used today. The morphine practically disappears from the seeds twenty days after the flower has opened, so from then on poppy seeds and their oils are not narcotic.
There are a number of showy flowers, typically one per stem, in to the poppy family. They include a number of attractive wildflower species with showy flowers growing singularly or in large groups. Many species are grown in gardens. These include large plants used in a mixed herbaceous border and small plants that are grown in rock or alpine gardens.

The flower color of poppy species include: white, pink, yellow, orange, red and blue. Some have dark center markings. The cultivated species include many other colors ranging from dark solid colors to soft pastel shades. Before blooming, the petals are crumpled in bud, and as blooming finishes, the petals often lie flat before falling away.

The pollen of the oriental poppy, "Papaver orientale", is dark blue. The pollen of the field poppy or corn poppy ("Papaver rhoeas") is dark blue to grey. Bees use poppies for their pollen.

The opium poppy, "Papaver somniferum", is grown for opium, opiates or seeds to be used in cooking and baking.


Time signature

A time signature is a set of two numbers, one on top of the other one, written right after the key signature in a piece of music. The two numbers in a time signature tell you how many of one kind of note there are in each measure in the song. For example, formula_1 means that there are four beats in each measure and the quarter note gets one beat.

The number in the top of the time signature tells a player how many of a certain kind of note there are in each measure. The number in the bottom of the time signature tells what kind of note is used a certain number of times in each measure. The number on the bottom of the time signature can be any power of 2 that is greater than or equal to 2. So, 64 could be a number that is put in the bottom of the time signature, but 65 could not be one.

This table shows different numbers that could be the bottom of a time signature, and what they mean. Note that each note down lasts for one-half of the amount the note above it lasted. For example, one quarter note lasts one beat, and one-half note lasts one half of a beat, because one divided by two is one-half.



Really Simple Syndication

RSS is a family of Web feed formats used to publish often updated content such as blog entries, news headlines or podcasts. An RSS document, which is called a "feed," "web feed," or "channel," contains either a summary of content from an associated website or the full text. RSS allows people to keep up with their favorite websites without manually checking them. This flow of content between websites and users is called "web syndication".

RSS content can be read using software called an "RSS reader," "feed reader", or an "aggregator." The user subscribes to a feed by entering the feed's link into the reader or clicking an RSS icon in a browser that begins the subscription process for the online. The reader often checks the user's subscribed feeds for new content, downloading any updates it finds. This content is stored in a standard XML file that many different computers and programs can understand. This file tells the programs how to show the content to the user.

The letters "RSS" are used to refer to any of these formats:


RSS is also used on exchanges. An example of using RSS is Carbon Place, which uses it to show orders to the public.

There were other similar formats before RSS that were not as popular. The first one was the Meta Content Framework made in 1995 by Ramanathan V. Guha and others at Apple Computers.

The first version of RSS was called RDF Site Summary. It was made by Dan Libby and Ramanathan V. Guha at Netscape and made public in March 1999. This became RSS 0.9. In July 1999, RSS 0.91 was created by Dan Libby, which got rid of some features that weren't useful. It also added elements from Dave Winer's news syndication format. Libby renamed the format from RDF to RSS Rich Site Summary and planned how it should be made better in the future.

In 2001, the company was restructured by their owner, AOL, and no longer supported RSS. After that, the format was being developed by the RSS-DEV Working Group and Dave Winer. Winer was the first to write programs that could read and write RSS and were not made by Netscape.

RSS 1.0 was produced in December 2000 by the RSS-DEV team, which included representatives of O'Reilly Media and Moreover Technologies. This version added support for XML namespaces and RDF, which was previously removed in RSS 0.91. This version also changed the name back to "RDF Site Summary" and added new elements that help describe content, such as Dublin Core.

Also in December 2000, Dave Winer released RSS 0.92. It added the enclosure element, which could be used to include sound in RSS feeds. This feature is one of the origins of Podcasting. Winer also made drafts of RSS 0.93, which allowed many enclosure elements per an item element, along with RSS 0.94, but those versions were cancelled after being released.

In September 2002, Winter made RSS 2.0, the next major version of RSS. This version introduced the following changes:

To make sure that old programs which only support RSS 0.92 still work with RSS 2.0, namespace support only applies to other content within the feed, not the elements themselves. Other formats such as Atom tried to remove this limitation, however it never caught on.


European Union member state

A European Union member state is any one of the twenty-seven countries that have joined the European Union (EU) since it was found in 1958 as the European Economic Community (EEC). From an original membership of six states, there have been five successive enlargements. The largest happened on 1 May 2004, when ten member states joined.
Following the addition of Croatia in 2013, the EU's membership now stands at twenty-eight. Negotiations are also under way with other states. The process of enlargement is sometimes referred to as European integration. However, this term is also used to refer to the intensification of cooperation between EU member states as national governments allow for the gradual centralising of power within European institutions. Before being allowed to join the European Union, a state must fulfill the economic and political conditions generally known as the Copenhagen criteria: these basically require that a candidate member state must enjoy a secular, democratic system of government, together with the corresponding freedoms and institutions, and respect the rule of law. Under the terms of the Treaty on European Union, enlargement of the Union is conditional upon the agreement of each existing member state as well as approval by the European Parliament.

Bulgaria and Romania make up the second part of the EU's fifth enlargement, and joined the EU on 1 January 2007. This date was agreed upon at the Thessaloniki Summit in 2003, confirmed at Brussels on 18 June 2004, and affirmed by the country reports of October 2004 and the final report delivered on 26 September 2006. Bulgaria and Romania signed their Treaty of Accession on 25 April 2005 at a ceremony held at Neumünster Abbey in Luxembourg.

The United Kingdom was a former EU member state. It joined the European Economic Community on 1 January 1973. On 23 June 2016, 51.9% of voters chose to leave the EU. The country formally withdrew from the EU on 31 January 2020. This means that there is 27 members of the European Union. 

Porter

Porter can mean:


Quetzal

A quetzal is a brightly colored bird in the trogon family. They are found in forests and woodlands, especially in humid highlands.

These birds live in the Americas. The word "quetzal" was first used for the resplendent quetzal, a famous long-tailed quetzal that lives in Central America. The resplendent quetzal is the national symbol of Guatemala.

They are strongly sexually dimorphic, as usual with the males being brighter. Parts of the female plumageis brown or grey. These largely solitary birds feed on fruits, berries, insects and small vertebrates (such as frogs). Even with their famous bright plumage, they can be hard to see in their natural wooded habitats.

In Aztec times, the quetzal was worshiped as the god of the air. Its long tail feathers, which can grow up to 2 ft (60 cm) long, were highly prized for making into costume and head-dresses.

Resplendent Quetzal

Pavonine Quetzal

Crested Quetzal

Eared Quetzal

White-Tipped Quetzal

Golden Headed Quetzal

The Powerpuff Girls

The Powerpuff Girls (also abbreviated as PPG) is an American comedy-action satirical adventure superhero children's animated television series. It aired on Cartoon Network from 1998 to 2005.

It is about three superheroes named Blossom, Bubbles, and Buttercup live in Townsville, USA. They are kindergarteners and have superpowers, who use their powers for good by saving the world from villains. 

The show is based on a short made by the series creator from 1992 originally called "Whoopass Stew". The original show was created by Craig McCracken, and the 2016 revival series was developed by Nick Jennings and Bob Boyle. It was created and produced by Hanna-Barbera and Cartoon Network Studios, who also developed a theatrical film adaption in 2002 titled The Powerpuff Girls Movie by Universal Studios.

A lonely scientist named Professor Utonium one day decided to create a "perfect daughter" using sugar, spice and everything nice. However, a special potion named Chemical X was accidentally added to the pot, creating the three Powerpuff Girls, who had superpowers and have dedicated their lives to fighting crime and evil in Townsville.

Blossom, Bubbles, and Buttercup are 3 kindergarten superheroes who live with their father, Professor Utonium, in the City of Townsville. It is their job to use their powers to reduce crime and defend the town from evil villains who want to take it over while also partaking in normal activities like chores and going to school.





The Powerpuff Girls Movie is an animated film which serves as a prequel to the series. It tells the full story of how the girls were created, revealing that Mojo Jojo (the series' main villain) was partly responsible. The main cast of the series returns. It was released in 2002.

Two video games were made featuring the main cast. They were:


In 2009, a ten-year anniversary special was released titled "The Powerpuff Girls Rule". The story centres around the Key to the World being brought to Townsville. The Girls and every villain who appeared in the series search for the Key. Eventually, Mojo Jojo finds it and reveals that he will use it to create world peace.

In 2006, the Powerpuff Girls Z was released. Many major characters returned but personalities and appearances were altered. Instead of being superheroes from birth, the girls were teenagers who were struck by "Z Rays" which turned them into superheroes.

The Powerpuff Girls is a reboot of the original series. Although it follows the same backstory and has similar characters, many things are changed.

A live action sequel was in development. It was said to depict the Girls now as adults returning to their superhero duties. However, it was cancelled.

The show saw several VHS and DVD releases while it was on the air, and the entire series was released on DVD in 2009 to celebrate the show's 10th anniversary.



Teutonic Knights

The Teutonic Knights are a Roman Catholic military order. It was formed at the end of the 12th century in Acre, Palestine, during the Crusades. The Teutonic Knights are now a clerical order based in Vienna, Austria.

In 1226 Konrad of Masovia brought the Teutonic Knights to fight against Baltic pagan Prussian tribes. They won quickly and, their new country being Prussia, were called Prussians. The knights started to be a danger for the then weak Poland. Finally, the power of the Teutonic Order was crushed in Battle of Tannenberg in 1410.

Renju

Renju (Japanese and ) is a version of the board game Gomoku. The game comes from Japan. It is played in many other countries including China, Korea, Russia, Estonia and Sweden. It is played with black and white stones on a Go board.


Nainital

Nainital is a town in the Indian state of Uttarakhand and headquarters of Nainital district in the Kumaon foothills of the outer Himalayas.

"Naini Lake" has too low a level of oxygen in the bottom layer to sustain fish. This is mostly due to pollution, which includes illegal dumping of garbage.


24 (TV series)

24 is an Emmy and Golden Globe winning American television series broadcast by Fox Network in the US and shown worldwide. The show first came on TV on November 6, 2001, airing eight seasons of 24 episodes each until May 24, 2010. The show returned on May 5, 2014 for a 12 episode miniseries called "Live Another Day "that aired until July 14, 2014. The first six seasons were all focused the fictional Los Angeles branch of the Counter Terrorist Unit (CTU). The seventh season focused on the Washington, D.C. branch of the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI). The eighth season focused on the fictional New York City branch of CTU. "Live Another Day" focused on the London station of the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA).

"24" is shown in real time, with each season depicting a 24-hour period in the life of Jack Bauer (Kiefer Sutherland), who works with the government as it fights threats to the country. "Live Another Day", however, mainly depicted a 12-hour period over its 12 episodes, but ended the final episode with a 12-hour time jump to finish the 24 hour cycle. Bauer is often in the field for each season's main government agency as they try to protect America from terrorists. The show also follows the actions of other agents, government officials and terrorists associated with the plot. The first six seasons of the show were all based in Los Angeles and nearby locations  — both real and fictional  — in California, although sometimes other locations have been used as well. Some of the fourth and sixth seasons, and all of the seventh season, were in Washington, D.C.. The eighth and final season of the original series was in New York City. "Live Another Day "was set in London. "Legacy" was set in Atlanta.

Jack Bauer is trying to stop terrorists, who plan to assassinate Presidential Candidate David Palmer. They abduct Kim Bauer and Teri Bauer in order to use Jack to their advantage. With Jack's wife and daughter, the terrorists have power over Jack and try to force him to kill Palmer. At one point, Jack has to choose between the lives of his family and that of the presidential candidate. After Kim and Teri are rescued and the terrorists stopped, a second group of terrorists try to target David Palmer and Jack Bauer. The second terrorists were behind the first. They are seeking revenge for a raid that connects Palmer and Bauer. The goal of the raid was to kill Victor Drazen. Palmer's death is faked to trick the terrorists. Viewers learn that Victor Drazen is still alive and that Nina Myers has been working with the terrorists. Senator Palmer realizes he cannot stay married to Sherry and they separate.

Jack and CTU try to stop a nuclear bomb from being blown up in Los Angelos. Terrorists blow up CTU to draw away their attention. George Mason ends up letting the bomb explode over the Mojave Desert and away from the city. Afterwards Jack follows leads that indicate that a recording implicating three Middle Eastern countries is false. President David Palmer decides to not attack these Middle Eastern Countries. His cabinet removes him from office under the Twenty-fifth Amendment and the Vice President becomes President. Eventually Jack finds the evidence and Palmer becomes President again. 

Jack Bauer and President Palmer try to stop a biological weapon attack . At first, it seems that Samon Salaraz must be released to stop the virus. However, Jack, who works secretly with other agents, breaks him out to set up an auction for the actual virus. Jack first works with Hector and Samon Salaraz and later with Nina Meyers to buy the virus. The seller, Michael Amador tricks the buyers, as they get a fake virus with a bomb. After some of the virus is released in a hotel, agents learn that Stephen Saunders is behind the virus. Saunders makes demands using the remaining vials to control the situation until he is captured, but not before Jack has to kill Ryan Chapelle. In a major side plot, Alan Milikan, a significant backer of Palmer, knows about an affair between his daughter Julia Miliken and Palmer. President Palmer asks Sherry to deal with him. She ends up killing Alan, and in revenge, Julia kills Sherry. Using his knowledge of these events, Senator John Keeler blackmails President Palmer not to run again for president.

The season starts with a train bombing used to get an override device to control nuclear power plants. Terrorists kidnap secretary of defense James  Heller and his daughter Audrey Raines. The terrorists stage Heller's execution on the internet. They do this to get past internet firewalls to use the override device. Bauer stops the execution, but terrorists gain control of power plants. Eventually, CTU gets control of most plants. CTU learns that the terrorist behind the events is Habib Marwan, who worked for McLennan-Forrester. The company sets off an EMP bomb to destroy evidence of the terrorist. Later, terrorists get a stealth fighter and shoot down Air Force One. President Keeler cannot serve, and Vice-President Logan becomes president. Marwan's terror cells steal the nuclear football from the crash site. Jack finds evidence leading him to the Chinese Consulate. There, the Chinese consul is killed in a gunfight, and Jack kidnaps a Chinese man. CTU eventually stops the missile, but Jack and his friends must fake his death. In the end, Jack is a fugitive from the US and Chinese governments.  

Assasins frame Jack Bauer for the murder of President Palmer. They try to kill those who helped Jack fake his death. Jack follows leads and ends up at Ontario airport. American President Logan and Russian President Suvarov are signing an anti-terrorist agreement. Terrorists take control of the same airport where Jack is and hold hostages. They threaten to kill the hostages if the treaty is signed. Jack helps officials to stop the terrorists. The terrorists, however, used the hostages as a distraction to get nerve gas. Jack learns that the White House Chief of Staff was involved. Nerve gas is used in a mall and unsuccessfully at a hospital. The terrorists release nerve gas in the CTU building, killing several workers. The last canister is used in a submarine, but also without success. The rest of the gas gets destroyed, but Jack learns President Logan was behind the attacks. The rest of the story involves Jack trying to get a recording to implicate Logan. With the first lady's help, Jack uses a listening piece to record the president confessing his crimes. Logan must relieve his presidency. In the very end, the Chinese kidnap Bauer. 



Tony Award for Best Musical

This is a list of winners and nominations for the Tony Award for Best Musical, first awarded in 1949.

























































Tony Award for Best Play


Queen Anne's Revenge

Queen Anne's Revenge was the name of Blackbeard's famous pirate ship. Built in 1710 as the "Concord", it was captured by the French in 1711 and by pirates in 1717, before being run aground on an island near North Carolina

Mouthpiece (brass)

A brass mouthpiece is the part of a brass instrument that a player blows into to make a sound. The purpose of a mouthpiece is to send vibrations down the instrument to make a musical note.

Larger mouthpieces are used on larger instruments, and smaller ones are used on smaller instruments. This is because a larger mouthpiece makes a lower sound, and a smaller mouthpiece makes a higher sound, and bigger instruments make lower sounds and smaller instruments make higher sounds.

A mouthpiece has many different parts, and all its parts have different names.

Some very small changes in how a mouthpiece is made can change the sound of an instrument a lot.
Most mouthpieces for brass instruments are made of brass, the traditional material. Many are plated with more expensive metals.

Some players gold plate their brass mouthpieces, covering them with a thin layer of gold. This makes the sound of the instrument better than with any other mouthpiece. For some people that are allergic to silver, this is the best (but not cheapest) way to play a brass instrument without getting sick. Gold does not smudge, so it only has to be cleaned with soap and water once in a while.
Silver plating is almost always used on brass mouthpieces because it does not cost too much money and a silver-plated mouthpiece helps a player make a pretty good sound. Silver plating is not as expensive as gold, but it is sometimes very important to have if a player plays a certain way. Silver-plate gives a clearer sound than gold and is good for styles of playing that need a lot of volume. Also, silver needs to be cleaned more often because it smudges easily.

Another type of mouthpiece is a plastic mouthpiece. These mouthpieces are good because they never break or dent, they do not cost as much as silver or gold mouthpieces, and they are good for playing outdoors. They are very often given to players in marching bands. They do not make as good sounds as silver or gold mouthpieces, though.

Two of the newest things mouthpieces can be made out of are stainless steel and titanium. They are very rare, and are only made by a few companies. Steel and titanium mouthpieces do not vibrate as much, so they make a very clear sound, require much less cleaning, and they do not need to be silver plated. However, they are much more expensive than mouthpieces that are silver or gold plated.



Erskine Hamilton Childers

Erskine Hamilton Childers (11 December 1905 – 17 November 1974), was the son of Robert Erskine Childers (author of the spy thriller "The Riddle of the Sands". He was the fourth President of Ireland from 1973 until his death in 1974, and a TD from 1938 until 1973.

Childers held the following posts during his political career:

He was appointed Tánaiste in 1969.

Childers was born in London. He moved to Ireland after the First World War and lived in County Wicklow with his father Robert Erskine Childers. His father helped bring guns to Ireland for the Easter Rising, and opposed the treaty that set up the Irish Free State. The younger Childers was educated at Gresham's School, Holt, and Trinity College, Cambridge, hence his striking British upper class accent.

In 1922, when Childers was 16, his father was executed by the Irish Free State. Before his execution the older Childers made his son promise from to find every man who had signed his father's death warrant out and shake his hand. 

After finishing college in Britain Childers worked in a tourism board in Paris, until Éamon de Valera invited him back to Ireland to work for the Irish Press. He became a naturalised Irish citizen in 1938.

As member of Fianna Fáil, he held a number of ministerial posts in the cabinets of Éamon de Valera, Seán Lemass and Jack Lynch, becoming Tánaiste Deputy head of the government) in 1969. Erskine's period as a minister was controversial. One commentator described his ministerial career as "spectacularly unsuccessful", but others praised his willingness to take tough decisions.

Childers was elected the fourth President of Ireland on 30 May, 1973, defeating Tom O'Higgins by 635,867 votes to 578,771. Childers, though 67, was an extremely hard-working and He died suddenly of a heart attack in November 1974, while making a public speech to the Royal College of Physicians in Dublin.

Childers' state funeral in St. Patrick's Cathedral, Dublin, was attended by world leaders including Nelson Rockefeller, Vice-President of the United States, Earl Mountbatten of Burma (representing Queen Elizabeth II), Harold Wilson, the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom and presidents and crowned heads of state from Europe and beyond. He was buried County Wicklow. At first it was expected that President Childers' widow, Rita, would be offered the office of president to continue his work, but it went instead to the former Chief Justice, Cearbhall Ó Dálaigh.

One of Childers' sons, also called Erskine was a UN civil servant and Secretary General of the World Federation of United Nations Associations. A daughter by 2nd wife Rita, Nessa Childers, is a councillor for the Green Party on Dún Laoghaire-Rathdown County Council.

John N. Young, "Erskine H. Childers: President of Ireland"

Tánaiste

A Tánaiste (plural: Tánaistí) is the deputy head of the government of the Republic of Ireland. 

The Taoiseach nominates a member of Government to be Tánaiste. Micheál Martin is the current Tánaiste. 

Under the Irish Free State, the deputy leader was Deputy President of the Executive Council. In 1937 the title was changed to Tánaiste 

In history, the tánaiste was the heir of the chief (taoiseach) or king (rí).

Irish Free State

The Irish Free State () was the name of Ireland from 1922 to 1937. It replaced both the Irish Republic and Southern Ireland.

The government was called the Executive Council, and it was headed by the President of the Executive Council, instead of a Prime Minister.

Until 1927 it was ruled by a Governor General on behalf of the King of the United Kingdom. After a row between the Governments in London and Dublin it was decided that the Governor General represented the King of Ireland, not the King of the United Kingdom, even though they were the same person.

The change meant that the King and the Governor General were advised by the Irish government about what to do in Ireland, and stopped the British government from having any control over Irish affairs.

The constitution of 1937 changed the name of the country to the Irish language , or , but the King stayed head of state until 1948.

2018 Winter Olympics

The 2018 Winter Olympics, officially known as the XXIII Olympic Winter Games, is a sporting event that took place in between February 9 and 25, 2018. The deadline for bids was January 2009. The winning city, Pyeongchang, South Korea, was announced on July 6, 2011.

Officially, it is being called 'PyeongChang', spelled that way so people don't confuse it with Pyongyang, which is in North Korea.



On July 4, 2007, Sochi, Russia was selected to host the 2014 Winter Games, hurting European candidates' chances at a successful bid. The IOC rarely awards back-to-back games to the same continent.


America was going to submit a bid, but the country changed its bid to the 2022 Winter Olympics. Here are the cities which had showed interest:


Kabyles people

The Kabyles ("" in Kabyle pronounced ) are a Berber people. Their traditional homeland is highlands of Kabylie (or Kabylia) in northeastern Algeria.

Their name comes from the name of the mountainous region in the north of Algeria where they live traditionally. Perhabs It means "tribes" (from the Arabic "qaba'il" which is the plural of "qabîlah" قبيلة tribe). They speak the Kabyle a Berber. Kabyles have been very active to fight for the official recognition of the Berber language in Algeria.



Berber languages

The Berber languages or Tamazight are a group of closely related languages mainly spoken in Morocco and Algeria. Kabyle and Tachelhit are Berber languages.



Southern Ireland

Southern Ireland was the twenty-six county Irish state created by the Government of Ireland Act 1920. This Act divided the island of Ireland in two, Northern Ireland (covering approximately fifteen percent of the island, in the northeast) and Southern Ireland (covering the remaining territory to the south and west). Both were given bicameral (two houses) parliaments and separate governments.

The king was represented by the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland, who also acted in Northern Ireland.

Southern Ireland never existed except on paper. It was set up by law, but the first attempted meeting of its Parliament failed because it was short of a "quorum" (the number of members needed to hold a meeting). The second sitting was only to confirm the decision of Dáil Éireann to confirm the Anglo-Irish Treaty, then dissolved it itself.

So the British government set up Southern Ireland but there was never any government to take power.

After the treaty was confirmed Michael Collins, head of Dáil Éireann's government became Chairman of the Provisional Government

According to the British he met the Lord Lieutenant and was made the King's prime minister. According to the Irish viewpoint, Collins went to accept the surrender of Dublin Castle. Arthur Griffith became President of Dáil Éireann, and then both Dáil Éireann and the House of Commons of Southern Ireland were then replaced in a new election, for the 'Third Dáil', sometimes called the 'Provisional Parliament' or the 'Constituent Assembly'. When Griffith died and a week later Collins was assassinated both in August 1922, W.T. Cosgrave was appointed to both offices, so the Irish nationalist and the British both systems of government joined into one temporary system, until the 1922 Constitution of the Irish Free State came into force in December 1922.



Züsedom

Züsedom is a small village in Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania, Germany. Since 1 January 2012, it is part of the municipality Rollwitz.

Bankstown Bunker

The Bankstown Bunker was a top secret Royal Australian Air Force base that was used during the Second World War. During the war it was Australia's main air defence base. It is no longer in use. The bunker is buried underneath a public park in the suburb of Condell Park in the City of Bankstown, which is in the state of New South Wales, Australia. It is still possible to go into the bunker through a secret passageway.

The Bankstown bunker is a three-story building that was mostly underground. It was secretly used during the Second World War by the Australian air force. Builders started to build the bunker in 1942. Workers and volunteers began to work inside the bunker in January 1945. It was called the Sydney "Air Defence Headquarters" and replaced another secret air force base that was in a secret tunnel. This was the Number One Fighter Sector Headquarters underneath St. James train station in Sydney. After that, it was moved to a picture theatre in Bankstown called the Capital Hall. The main job for the people who worked in the bunker, was to track all planes in the eastern area of the South West Pacific. Some of the people who worked in the bunker were from the No.2 Volunteer Air Observer Corps (VOAC), The Women's Auxiliary Australian Air Force and a few members of the Royal Australian Air Force and the United States Army Air Forces. Workers worked in the bunker 24 hours a day seven days a week in shifts called "Flights". The people who worked inside the bunker traveled to work in buses with tinted windows. Everyone that worked in the bunker had to receive special training.

At the end of the war, the bunker was no longer used and people forgot about it. In 1971 it was rediscovered by a reporter who worked for a local newspaper in the area. In 1972 the bunker was set on fire. In 1976 houses were built over part of the building, whilst the main part is underneath a public park.

The bunker was built in the same fashion as the underground Operations rooms of wartime England, which planned Britain's air defence fighter plane attacks on the invading German Luftwaffe.

To get inside the bunker you had to enter through a secret passageway which was hidden under a grassy hill. Stairs led to a maze of hallways that lead to different sections. There were two different entrances to get inside the bunker. The two doors were guarded by special police that worked for the military.

The bunker walls were 1.5 metres thick and it was almost bomb proof. It had all the latest equipment of the time to allow it to run as a top secret defence base. It had its own code room, plotting rooms, two escape tunnels, radio transmitter room, kitchen, dining area, bathrooms and bedrooms. In the center of the bunker was a large operations room. This was a large room about two stories high. It was the control centre for all air force missions in the Pacific area. The room also had a big map of the South West Pacific theater of World War II. The bunker also had its own generator, air conditioning and switchboards which directed fifty telephone lines. The telephone lines went to various locations including radar stations and VAOC lookout posts which reported aircraft locations to the bunker. There are rumours of a tunnel running from the bunker to an unknown location.

There is a small park at the end of Taylor Street. In this park, there is a large hill that looks totally out of place. It is under this hill that the bunker has been buried. It is still possible to get in through a secret door.

There is another bunker in Bankstown. This one is called a "Remote Receiving station" not much is known about its history. It was in Picnic Point National Park, near the South Sydney Power station, People who live in the area say that it is still there. There are many other rumours of bunkers in the Bankstown area, such as under an electricity block house on the corner of Milpera road and Henry Lawson Drive, a demolished bunker under Condell Park High School.

The Bankstown Bunker was on a TV show called Burke's Backyard. Don Burke hosted the episode from inside the bunker. To get inside the bunker he used the secret passageway.

Coldplay

Coldplay is an English rock band formed in London in 1996. The band's members are vocalist/pianist Chris Martin, guitarist Jonny Buckland, bass player Guy Berryman and drummer Will Champion. Coldplay became famous around the world with their 2000 song "Yellow". Their first album, "Parachutes", was very successful and was nominated for the Mercury Prize. Coldplay were nominated for this award again in 2003 and 2005. Coldplay is one of the most successful bands of the 21st century, selling over 100 million records worldwide. The band is also known for hit singles, including "Speed of Sound" and the 2 Grammy Award-winning songs, "Clocks" and their 2008 single "Viva la Vida" (Song of the Year for 2008).

Coldplay, is an English alternative rock band, formed in London in 1996-1997. Chris Martin, and Jonny Buckland, were looking forward to form a band while at University College London. After forming Pectoralz, Guy Berryman joined the group as the bass guitarist and they changed their name to Starfish. Will Champion joined as a drummer and backing vocalist who plays various instruments, making the band's lineup complete. Phil Harvey was the group's manager from 1998 to 2001. The band finally changed their name to "Coldplay" in 1998. Tim Rice-Oxley was to be added to the lineup, but he refused as he was already a member of Keane. The band later recorded. It was released on three EPs; "Safety" in 1998, "Brothers & Sisters" as a single in 1999 and "The Blue Room" in the same year. The Blue Room was their first release on a major record label, after signing to Parlophone.

Coldplay's early material was compared to acts such as Radiohead, Jeff Buckley, U2, and Travis. They had achieved worldwide fame with the release of the single "Yellow" in 2000, followed by their debut album <nowiki>"</nowiki>Parachutes<nowiki>"</nowiki> released in the same year, which was nominated for the Mercury Prize. The band's second album, "A Rush of Blood to the Head" (2002), won multiple awards, including "NME"<nowiki>'</nowiki>s Album of the Year. Their next release, "X&Y", received a slightly less enthusiastic yet still generally positive reception upon its release in 2005. The band's fourth studio album, "Viva la Vida or Death and All His Friends" (2008), was produced by Brian Eno. It was released on again to largely favourable reviews, earning several Grammy nominations and wins.

Since the release of "Parachutes", Coldplay have drawn influence from other sources, including Echo & the Bunnymen, Kate Bush, George Harrison and Muse on "A Rush of Blood to the Head", Johnny Cash and Kraftwerk for "X&Y" and Blur, Arcade Fire and My Bloody Valentine on "Viva la Vida". Coldplay have been an active supporter of various social and political causes, such as Oxfam's Make Trade Fair campaign and Amnesty International. The group have also performed at various charity projects, such as Band Aid 20, Live 8, Sound Relief, , and the Teenage Cancer Trust.

Chris Martin and Jonny Buckland first met during their orientation week at University College London (UCL) in September 1996. The pair spent the rest of the college year planning a band, ultimately forming a group called Pectoralz.Guy Berryman, a classmate of Martin and Buckland, later joined the group. By 1997, the group, who had renamed themselves Starfish, performed gigs for local Camden promoters at small clubs. Martin also had recruited his longtime school friend Phil Harvey, who was studying classics at Oxford, to be the band's manager. Coldplay have since accepted Harvey as the fifth member of the group. The band's lineup was completed when Will Champion joined to take up percussion duties. Champion had grown up playing piano, guitar, bass, and tin whistle; he quickly learned the drums, despite having no previous experience. The band finally settled on the name "Coldplay" which was suggested by Tim Crompton, a local student who had been using the name for his group. By 1997, Martin had also met then Classics student Tim Rice-Oxley. During a weekend on Virginia Water, they asked each other to play off their own songs on the piano. Martin, finding Rice-Oxley to be talented, asked him to be Coldplay's keyboard player but Rice-Oxley refused as his own band, Keane, was already operational. Days after, this event would shape the second line-up of Keane and keep Coldplay's unaltered, thus leaving both bands as quartets.

In 1998, the band released 500 copies of the "Safety EP." Most of the discs were given to record companies and friends; only 50 copies remained for sale to the public. In December of that year, Coldplay signed to the independent label Fierce Panda. Their first release was the three-track "Brothers & Sisters EP", which they had quickly recorded over four days in February 1999.

After completing their final examinations, Coldplay signed to Parlophone for a five-album contract in the spring of 1999. After making their first appearance at Glastonbury, the band went into studio to record a third EP titled "The Blue Room". Five thousand copies were made available to the public in October, and the single "Bigger Stronger", received BBC Radio 1 airplay. The recording sessions for "The Blue Room" were tumultuous. Martin kicked Champion out of the band but later pleaded with him to return, and because of his guilt, went on a drinking binge. Eventually, the band worked out their differences and put in place a new set of rules to keep the group intact. Inspired by bands such as U2 and R.E.M., Coldplay decided that they would operate as democracy, and that profits would be shared equally. Additionally, the band determined they would fire anyone who used hard drugs.

At first, the band planned to record their debut album in the space of two weeks. However, tours and other live performances caused the recording to spread out between September 1999 and April–May 2000. In March 1999, Coldplay began work on their debut album, recorded at Rockfield Studios, Matrix Studios, and Wessex Sound Studios with producer Ken Nelson, although the majority of Parachutes' tracks were recorded at Liverpool's Parr Street Studios. The band worked in three studio rooms at Parr Street, and tracked much of the album in one of these rooms—the project studio which Nelson describes as "basically a demo room". The album was mixed by American engineer Michael Brauer in New York. Coldplay's record label had originally intended to use a mixing engineer for the tracks they picked as singles, but eventually hired Brauer to work on all songs for the album. During that period, they played on the Carling Tour, which showcased up-and-coming acts.

After releasing three EPs without a hit song, Coldplay charted into the Top 40 with the lead single from "Parachutes", "Shiver". Released in March 2000, it reached number 35 on the UK Singles Chart. June 2000 was a pivotal moment in Coldplay's history: the band embarked on their first headlining tour, including a showing at the Glastonbury Festival. The band also released the breakthrough single "Yellow". The song shot to number four on the UK Singles Chart and placed Coldplay in public consciousness. "Yellow" and "Shiver" were initially released as EPs in the spring of 2000. The former was later released as a single in UK on 26 June 2000. In the United States, the song was released as the lead single off the then-untitled debut album. In October 2000, the track was sent to US college and alternative radio outlets.

Coldplay released their first studio album, "Parachutes", on 10 July 2000 in the United Kingdom by their record label, Parlophone. The album debuted at number one on the UK Albums Chart. It was released on 7 November 2000 by record label Nettwerk in North America. The album has been made available on various formats since its initial release; both Parlophone and Nettwerk released it as a CD in 2000, and it was also released as a cassette by newfound US label Capitol in 2001. In the following year, Parlophone issued the album as an LP. The band released a limited-edition CD of "Trouble", the third single off the album, which features a remix of "Yellow". It was pressed to 1,000 copies, and was issued only to fans and journalists. Both "Yellow" and "Trouble" earned regular radio airplay in the UK and US.

Having found success in Europe, the band set their sights on North America, released the album there in November 2000, and started the "U.S. Club Tour" in February 2001. Although "Parachutes" was a slow-burning success in the United States, it eventually reached double-platinum status. The album was critically well-received and earned a Best Alternative Music Album honours at the 2002 Grammy Awards. Chris Martin claimed after the release of "Parachutes" the album's success was intended to achieve the band's status as the "biggest, best band in the f...ing world."

After the success of "Parachutes", Coldplay returned to the studio in September 2001 to begin work on their second album "A Rush of Blood to the Head", once again with Ken Nelson producing. The band started recording the album in London a week after the September 11 attacks in the United States. Since the band had never stayed in London before, they had trouble focusing. They decided to relocate in Liverpool, where they recorded some of the songs on Parachutes. Once there, vocalist Chris Martin said that they became obsessed with recording. "In My Place" was the first song recorded for the album. The band released it as the album's lead single because it was the track that made them want to record a second album following a "strange period of not really knowing what we were doing" three months after the success of Parachutes. According to Martin "one thing kept us going: recording 'In My Place'. Then other songs started coming."

The band wrote more than 20 songs for the album. Some of their new material, including "In My Place" and "Animals", was played live while the band were still touring "Parachutes". The album's title was revealed through a post on the band's official website. The album was released in August 2002 and spawned several popular singles, including "In My Place", "Clocks", and the ballad "The Scientist". The latter was inspired from George Harrison's title track to "All Things Must Pass", which was released in 1970.

Coldplay toured from June 2002 to September 2003 for the "A Rush of Blood to the Head Tour". They visited five continents, including co-headlining festival dates at Glastonbury Festival, V2003 and Rock Werchter. Many concerts showcased elaborate lighting and individualised screens reminiscent of U2's "Elevation Tour" and Nine Inch Nails' "Fragility Tour". During the extended tour, Coldplay recorded a live DVD and CD, "Live 2003", at Sydney's Hordern Pavilion.

In December 2003, readers of "Rolling Stone" chose Coldplay as the best artist and the best band of the year. At that time the band covered The Pretenders' 1983 song "2000 Miles" (which was made available for download on their official website). "2000 Miles" was the top selling UK download that year, with proceeds from the sales donated to Future Forests and Stop Handgun Violence campaigns. "A Rush of Blood to the Head" won the Grammy Award for Best Alternative Music Album at the 2003 Grammy Awards. At the 2004 Grammy Awards, Coldplay earned Record of the Year for "Clocks".

Coldplay spent most of 2004 out of the spotlight, taking a break from touring while recording their third album. "X&Y" was released in June 2005 in UK and Europe. This new, delayed release date had put the album back into the next fiscal year, actually causing EMI's stock to drop. It became the best-selling album of 2005 with worldwide sales of 8.3 million. The lead single, "Speed of Sound", made its radio and online music store debut on 18 April and was released as a CD on 23 May 2005. The album debuted at number one in 20 countries worldwide, and was the third-fastest selling album in UK chart history. Two other singles were released that year: "Fix You" in September and "Talk" in December. Critical reaction to "X&Y" was less enthusiastic than that of its predecessor, with "New York Times" critic Jon Pareles describing Coldplay as "the most insufferable band of the decade" Comparisons between Coldplay and U2 became increasingly common, although critical reaction to the album was still largely positive. Chris Martin later revealed that the negative remarks made him feel "liberated".

From June 2005 to July 2006, Coldplay went on their "Twisted Logic Tour", which included festival dates like Coachella, Isle of Wight Festival, Glastonbury and the Austin City Limits Music Festival. In July 2005, the band appeared at Live 8 in Hyde Park, where they played a rendition of The Verve's "Bitter Sweet Symphony" with Richard Ashcroft on vocals. In September, Coldplay recorded a new version of "How You See the World" with reworked lyrics for War Child's "" charity album. In February 2006, Coldplay earned Best Album and Best Single honours at the BRIT Awards. Two more singles were released during 2006, "The Hardest Part" and "What If". The sixth and final single, "White Shadows" was released in Mexico during June 2007.

In October 2006, Coldplay began work on their fourth studio album, "Viva la Vida or Death and All His Friends", with producer Brian Eno. Taking a break from recording, the band toured Latin America in early 2007, performing in Chile, Argentina, Brazil, and Mexico. After recording in churches and other venues in Latin America and Spain during their tour, the band said the album would likely reflect Hispanic influence. The group spent the rest of the year recording with Eno.

Martin described "Viva la Vida" as a new direction for Coldplay: a change from their past three albums, which they have referred to as a "trilogy". He said the album featured less falsetto as he allowed his voice's lower register to take precedence. Some songs, such as "Violet Hill", contain distorted guitar riffs and bluesy undertones. "Violet Hill" was confirmed as the first single, with a radio release date of 29 April 2008. After the first play, it was freely obtainable from Coldplay's website from 12:15 pm (GMT +0) for one week (achieving two million downloads), until it became commercially available to download on 6 May. "Violet Hill" entered the UK Top 10, US Top 40 (entering the Top 10 in the Hot Modern Rock Tracks chart) and charted well in the rest of the world. The title track, "Viva la Vida", was also released exclusively on iTunes. It became the band's first number one on the "Billboard" Hot 100, and their first UK number one, based on download sales alone.

On 15 June 2008, "Viva la Vida or Death and All His Friends" was at the top of the UK album chart, despite having come on the market only three days previously. In that time, it sold 302,000 copies; the BBC called it "one of the fastest-selling records in UK history". By the end of June, it had set a new record for most-downloaded album ever. In October 2008, Coldplay won two "Q" Awards for Best Album for "Viva la Vida or Death and All His Friends" and Best Act in the World Today. The band followed up "Viva la Vida or Death and All His Friends" with the "Prospekt's March" EP, which was released on 21 November 2008. The EP features tracks from the "Viva la Vida or Death and All His Friends" sessions and, as well as being available on its own, was issued as a bonus disc with later editions of "Viva la Vida or Death and All His Friends". The song "Life in Technicolor II" was released as a single on 9 February 2009.
In June, Coldplay began their "Viva la Vida Tour" with a free concert at Brixton Academy in London. This was followed two days later by a 45-minute performance that was broadcast live from outside BBC Television Centre. "Lost!" became the third single from the album, featuring a new version with Jay-Z. Coldplay performed the opening set on 14 March 2009 for Sound Relief at the Sydney Cricket Ground and then played a sold-out concert later that same night. Sound Relief is a benefit concert for victims of the Victorian Bushfire Crisis and the Queensland Floods.

In 2009, Coldplay was nominated for four BRIT Awards: British Group, British Live Act, British Single ("Viva la Vida") and British Album ("Viva la Vida or Death and All His Friends"). At the 51st Grammy Awards in February 2009, Coldplay won three Grammy Awards in the categories for Song of Year for "Viva la Vida", Best Rock Album for "Viva la Vida or Death and All His Friends", and Best Vocal Pop Performance by a Duo or Group for "Viva la Vida".

On 15 May 2009, Coldplay released a live album, entitled "LeftRightLeftRightLeft" which was recorded at various shows during the tour. "LeftRightLeftRightLeft" was to be given away at the remaining concerts of their "Viva la Vida" tour. It was also released as a free download from their website.

Coldplay finished recording the new album in 2011. The band finished recording the new album in mid-2011. 
On 19 October 2011, Coldplay performed songs at an event for Steve Jobs, including "Viva la Vida", "Fix You", "Yellow" and "Every Teardrop Is a Waterfall". On 26 October their concert in Spain, was streamed by YouTube as a live webcast. On 30 November 2011, Coldplay received three Grammy Award nominations for the 54th Grammy Awards. On 12 January 2012, Coldplay were nominated for two Brit Awards. On 21 February 2012, they were awarded the Brit Award for Best British Group for the third time. The album was the best-selling rock album in the UK in 2011, selling 908,000 copies. The album's second single, "Paradise", was also the best-selling rock single in the UK, selling 410,000 copies. At the 2012 MTV Video Music Awards on 6 September, "Paradise" won the award for Best Rock Video. "Mylo Xyloto" has sold over 8 million copies.

On 9 August 2013, Coldplay announced the release of their song "Altas", which was featured on the soundtrack for the movie "". Its release was pushed back to 6 September 2013 (worldwide except for the UK) and 8 September (UK). In December 2013, it was announced that Coldplay's future releases would be distributed by Atlantic Records in the US due to changes within Warner Music Group after the purchase of Parlophone Records from EMI.

On 25 February 2014, the band revealed "Midnight", a track from their unreleased album at that time. In early March 2014, it was announced that the band's sixth album, "Ghost Stories", would be released on 19 May 2014. "Ghost Stories" is a spiritually driven album that revolves around two major themes mentioned by Chris Martin. The album explores the idea of past actions, and the effects they can have on one's future and the person's ability for unconditional love. A different approach was taken by the band for the album as compared to their previous studio albums. In this album, Martin invited the band to contribute original songwriting material for the album, as opposed to building songs off his ideas as they had done during previous recording sessions.

From April to July, Coldplay held a six-date Ghost Stories Tour to support the album, playing shows in six cities: the Beacon Theatre in New York City on 5 May, Royce Hall in Los Angeles on 19 May, Casino de Paris in Paris on 28 May, Tokyo Dome City Hall in Tokyo on 12 June, Enmore Theatre in Sydney on 19 June, and closed the tour at the Royal Albert Hall in London on 2 July 2014. The album was made available for pre-order on iTunes, alongside new single "Magic". Two more singles from the album, "A Sky Full of Stars" and "True Love", have since been released. "Ghost Stories" received mixed to positive reviews. The album was at the top of the charts in the UK, the US and most major markets. It received a Grammy Award nomination for Best Pop Vocal Album, and "A Sky Full of Stars" was nominated for Best Pop Duo/Group Performance. In December 2014, Spotify named Coldplay as the most-streamed band in the world for 2014, and the third most-streamed artist behind Ed Sheeran and Eminem.

On 11 December 2014, the band released "Miracles", which was written and recorded for the World War II drama movie "Unbroken". "Ghost Stories" was named Top Rock Album at the 2015 Billboard Music Awards. 

The release date of "A Head Full of Dreams" was confirmed to be 4 December, while Coldplay was speaking on Nick Grimshaw's "Radio 1 Breakfast Show" on the BBC on 6 November. The song "Adventure of a Lifetime" premiered on the show. The album reached number one in the UK, and number two in the US, Australia and Canada among others. The music video for "Adventure of a Lifetime" featured the band performing as chimpanzees. They were provided consultation with renowned performance capture actor Andy Serkis.

On 27 November 2015, the first dates to their 2016 A Head Full of Dreams Tour were announced. Latin America and European stops were listed, which included three dates at the Wembley Stadium, London in June. The North America Tour, one additional concert at Wembley, and an Oceania tour were later added. On 5 December, the band headlined the opening day of the 2015 Jingle Bell Ball at London's O Arena. On 7 December, they headlined the Super Bowl 50 halftime show, being joined by Beyoncé and Bruno Mars. In April 2016, the band were named the sixth best-selling artist worldwide in 2015.

On 26 June 2016, Coldplay closed the final day of the Glastonbury Festival in England. Their performance included a duet with Barry Gibb, the last surviving member of the Bee Gees. During the band's second night at MetLife Stadium in New Jersey on 18 July, Coldplay were joined onstage by Michael J. Fox to recreate a "Back to the Future" scene. Martin sang "Earth Angel" before introducing Fox onstage to join the band in performing the Chuck Berry classic "Johnny B. Goode".

The band performed a full set in India for the first time as part of the Global Citizen Festival in Mumbai on 19 November 2016. This performance was attended by 80,000 people and also featured many Bollywood stars during the concert. In the same month, Coldplay announced in interviews with Absolute Radio and Magic Radio in London that they would be releasing new songs in a new extended play (EP) called the "Kaleidoscope EP". The band officially announced that the EP was going to be released in 2017, and it was eventually released on 14 July 2017.

On 22 February 2017, the band released "Something Just Like This", a collaboration track with EDM duo The Chainsmokers. It is the lead single from Coldplay's thirteenth EP "Kaleidoscope", and the song reached number two in the UK Singles Chart and number 3 on the US "Billboard" Hot 100. Together, they debuted the song live at the 2017 Brit Awards with Chris Martin also performing a tribute song to the late George Michael. On 2 March, Martin's birthday, the band released a track from the EP, "Hypnotised". Two other songs, "All I Can Think About Is You" and "Aliens", were released on 15 June and 6 July respectively. On 15 August, Coldplay announced that a live album covering the A Head Full of Dreams Tour would be released.

On 8 October 2017, Coldplay debuted their new song "Life Is Beautiful" live at SDCCU Stadium in San Diego, California. It was written in support after the earthquake that affected Mexico on 19 September. Part of the band's show was broadcast at the end of Estamos Unidos Mexicanos, a benefit concert taken place at Mexico City's Zócalo. Martin stated that the proceeds from the song and concert would be donated to relief efforts for Mexico and other countries. 

The A Head Full of Dreams Tour finished in November 2017. Grossing over $523 million, it was listed as the third-grossing concert tour of all time. The live album, "Live in Buenos Aires", was released on 7 December 2018. A second release, "Love in Tokyo", was released exclusively for the Japanese market on the same day. On 30 November 2018, Coldplay released "Global Citizen – EP 1" under the name Los Unidades. It includes "E-Lo", a song with Pharrell Williams featuring Jozzy. Proceeds from the EP were donated towards efforts to end global poverty.

On 26 September 2019, Global Citizen announced that Coldplay would perform at Global Goal Live: The Possible Dream on 26 September 2020. On 18 October 2019, mysterious black-and-white posters began appearing in various countries around the world, with the band in vintage-style clothing and a date showing 22 November 1919. The band also changed their profile pictures on social media to a sun and moon, making fans speculate an imminent release of new material. On 19 October 2019, a cryptic 5 second teaser was released on social media with orchestral music in the background. On 21 October 2019, in a letter sent to fans, the band announced that their eighth studio album would be titled "Everyday Life". It would be a double album, with the first half titled "Sunrise" and the second half titled "Sunset". 

On 23 October 2019, the album tracks were revealed in advertisements on local newspapers in the UK, including north Wales' "Daily Post" (with whom Jonny Buckland once had a holiday job), and Exeter's "Express & Echo" (the newspaper of Chris Martin's hometown). On the Annie Mac show on BBC Radio 1, "Orphans" and "Arabesque" were released as the album's lead singles, with "Arabesque" being the first Coldplay song to have profanity in it. The album was released on 22 November 2019 and marked by a double concert in Amman, Jordan. The concert, which streamed live to YouTube, was performed at sunrise and sunset, corresponding with the subtitles of the album's two halves.

Earlier, Martin had said that the band would not tour to promote the album until they could work out "how our tour can not only be sustainable (but) how can it be actively beneficial", and hope that it would be entirely carbon-neutral. However, Coldplay performed a one-off show on 25 November 2019 for the charity ClientEarth at London's Natural History Museum. The band played beneath Hope, a giant 128-year-old skeleton of a blue whale in the museum's great hall. The album debuted at number-one on the UK Albums Chart with 81,000 copies sold, making it the band's eighth consecutive UK number-one album. It was also the third fastest-selling album of 2019, behind "No.6 Collaborations Project" and "Divinely Uninspired to a Hellish Extent". On 24 November 2020, Coldplay received two nominations for the 63rd Annual Grammy Awards, with one of them being Album of the Year, their first nomination in the category since "Viva la Vida". On 21 December 2020, "Flags", originally included as a Japanese bonus track of "Everyday Life", was released internationally.

On 29 April 2021, Coldplay announced "Higher Power", a new single, to be released on 7 May 2021 with a video livestream to be aired from the International Space Station. Chris Martin stated in an interview with Zane Lowe that the band would be working with Max Martin and his team on both the song and the new album. He said, "Max is our producer right now for everything we do". On 4 May 2021, Coldplay was announced as the opening act for the 2021 Brit Awards, where they would be performing "Higher Power". 

On 22 May 2021, their pre-recorded performance at Glastonbury Festival was broadcast online. The band also showcased a new song called "Human Heart", featuring R&B duo We Are King. On 8 June 2021, the "official" music video for "Higher Power", directed by Dave Meyers, premiered on YouTube. It was followed by a simpler music video featuring the band performing the song while dancing with CGI alien holograms that premiered on 7 May 2021. On 20 July 2021, Coldplay announced that their new album "Music of the Spheres" would be released on 15 October 2021, and also announced a track titled "Coloratura", which was released on 23 July 2021.

On 13 September 2021, they announced the second single, "My Universe", with South Korean pop group BTS. It was released on 24 September 2021. The song debuted at number 3 on the UK Singles Chart, being their highest-peaking single since "Something Just Like This" and later went on to debut at number one on the US "Billboard" Hot 100. A short documentary about the collaboration was later released on 26 September 2021 on the official BTS YouTube channel. 

"Music of the Spheres" debuted at number one on the UK Albums Chart, becoming the fastest-selling album in the country since Ed Sheeran's 2019 "No.6 Collaborations Project". The album debuted at number four on the US "Billboard" 200 chart, and reached number one on both the Top Alternative Albums and the Top Rock Albums charts. On 14 October 2021, Coldplay announced their eighth concert tour, the Music of the Spheres World Tour, which will begin in San José, Costa Rica, in March 2022. They will visit three continents, with more tour dates to be announced in the future. The tour is part of an ongoing effort to reduce the band's carbon footprint; Chris Martin explained in an interview with BBC that the tour would feature "kinetic flooring" that powers the concerts through the movement of concertgoers, as well as bicycles that do the same thing, meaning that "the whole show is powered from renewable energy". Martin said the band's goal is that they will have "slightly shifted the status quo of how a tour works". On 23 November 2021, "Higher Power" was nominated for Best Pop Duo/Group Performance at the 64th Annual Grammy Awards. In December 2021, Martin said Coldplay would release three more albums until 2025 during an interview for BBC, with one of them being "kind of a musical" while their last will be a "back to the basics" self-titled record. He added, however, that the band will still be active with smaller releases and worldwide touring after 2025. On 23 February 2022, the band released a new stripped-down version of "Let Somebody Go", and a cover of Kid Cudi's 2008 single "Day 'n' Nite". Both songs were part of their Spotify Singles release.

Coldplay's musical style has been defined as alternative rock, being compared to Radiohead and Oasis. Lead singer Chris Martin once proclaimed the band's music as "limestone rock". The band's music has been called "meditative" and "blue romantic"; it "reflects on their emotions" and Martin "endlessly examines his feelings". Martin's lyrical wordplay has been called feminist, similar to Andrew Montgomery of Geneva.

The tone of the band's first studio album, "Parachutes", was described as melodic pop with "distorted guitar riffs and swishing percussion". It was also described as being "exquisitely dark and artistically abrasive". In a review for "A Rush of Blood to the Head", the songs were considered to contain "lush melodies and a heartbreak" and that they had a "newfound confidence." The music on "X&Y" has been considered to be "ruminations on Martin's doubts, fears, hopes, and loves." Coldplay acknowledge the Scottish alternative rock band, Travis, as a major influence on their earlier material.

In "Viva la Vida or Death and All His Friends", the group's style was moving towards art rock, experimenting with different instruments such as tack pianos, and even what Will Champion described as a "very crude" variant of Spanish flamenco clapping. "Prospekt's March" moved towards a more conservative style but maintained some of their experimental styles from the previous album.

Coldplay's musical style and image has also been satirically described as "bland", with its members representing the "faces of radical beige" (a neutral color). University College London's satirical newspaper, "The Cheese Grater", featured a mock article in February 2010, following the arrest of UCL student Abdulmutallab on charges of terrorism, in which they declared that "Bland, middle class rock band was not monitored, admits University College. Were Coldplay made 'radically ...' at UCL?"

Despite Coldplay's worldwide popularity, the band has remained protective of how their music is used in the media, refusing its use for some product endorsements. In the earlier years, Coldplay turned down multimillion-dollar contracts from Gatorade, Diet Coke, and Gap, who wanted to use the songs "Yellow", "Trouble", and "Don't Panic" respectively. According to lead singer, Chris Martin, "We wouldn't be able to live with ourselves if we sold the songs' meanings like that." The song "Viva la Vida" was featured in a commercial for the iTunes Store, advertising its exclusive availability of the single as a digital download on iTunes. Additionally, Chris Martin appeared at an Apple Inc. Special Event on 1 September 2010, playing a number of songs, and also thanked Apple for their assistance in marketing "Viva la Vida". Coldplay supports Amnesty International. Martin is regarded as one of the most visible celebrity advocates for fair trade, supporting Oxfam's ongoing Make Trade Fair campaign. He has been on trips with Oxfam to assess conditions, has appeared in its advertising campaign, and is known for wearing a "Make Trade Fair" wristband during public appearances (including at Coldplay concerts). The band were also filmed for Make Poverty History, clicking their fingers.

During the early years, Coldplay became widely known in the media for giving 10 percent of the band's profits to charity, which they continue to do. Bass guitarist Guy Berryman said, "You can make people aware of issues. It isn't very much effort for us at all, but if it can help people, then we want to do it." The band also asks that any gifts intended for them are donated to charity, according to a response on the FAQ section of Coldplay's website. Martin spoke out against the U.S. invasion of Iraq in 2003, and endorsed the United States Democratic presidential candidates John Kerry and Barack Obama in 2004 and 2008 respectively.

In June 2009, Coldplay began supporting Meat Free Monday, a food campaign started by Paul McCartney which attempts to help slow climate change by having at least one meat free day a week.

From 17-31 December 2009, Coldplay auctioned a quantity of significant band memorabilia, including their first guitars. Proceeds went to Kids Company, a charity which helps vulnerable children and young people in London. A month later in January 2010, Coldplay performed a slightly modified version of "A Message", entitled "A Message 2010", at the Hope For Haiti Now telethon special, raising money for the victims of the Haitian Earthquake.





Sleeping sickness

Sleeping sickness, or African trypanosomiasis, is an infectious disease. It is caused by parasites from the species "Trypanosoma brucei".

People get African trypanosomiasis from the tsetse fly. Because of this, it is most common in certain areas of Africa, especially Sub-Saharan Africa, where the tsetse fly lives. Researchers say that about 70 million people, in 36 countries, are at a high risk for getting sleeping sickness. As of 2010, sleeping sickness had caused around 9,000 deaths per year (compared to 34,000 in 1990). 

In 2013, about 30,000 people had African trypanosomiasis. Also, about 7,000 more people were getting the disease every year. More than 80% of these people in the Democratic Republic of the Congo.

Medications can treat African trypanosomiasis. The treatment is usually done in a hospital, because the drugs have many side effects. For sleeping sickness that was not treated early, the medications used for treatment are based on arsenic, a poison. These medications are dangerous, and about 5% of people die from taking them. 

The best way to protect against African trypanosomiasis is to protect against insect bites. 

The signs and symptoms of African trypanosomiasis happen in two stages.

Common symptoms in this stage include:

If African trypanosomiasis is not treated at this point, the parasite will also get into the circulatory system and defeat the body's natural defenses. If this happens, the person can have:

This phase begins when the parasite invades the central nervous system by passing through the blood–brain barrier. 

In this stage, one of the most common symptoms is trouble sleeping. This is where the name "sleeping sickness" comes from. People in this stage often cannot sleep normally, and may be up all night and then sleep during the day.. 

Other symptoms in this stage can include:

Without treatment, a person with African sleeping sickness will go into a coma; (thus the name) all their important organs will stop working; and they will die.Damage caused in the neurological phase cannot be fixed.

Vice-President of the Executive Council of the Irish Free State

The Executive Council was the cabinet of the Irish Free State, it was headed by the "President of the Executive Council".

Constitution of The Irish Free State said that the Vice President would act for the President of the Executive Council while he was absent, or until a new President was elected

Because the Executive Council only had five, six or seven members, the Vice President was also a minister in charge of a department.

Neither the ministry of the Irish Republic nor the Provisional Government had a deputy head of government, so the office of Vice-President of the Executive Council was a new idea of the Free State. In 1937 when the Constitution of the Irish Free State was replaced by Bunreacht na hÉireann the Vice President was replaced by the Tánaiste.

Tsetse fly

Tsetse flies are large biting flies that live in the tropical regions of Africa. They bite vertebrates, and drink their blood. They are the insect vectors of some serious diseases.

They have been studied a lot because they can spread sleeping sickness and other diseases.

The genus "Glossina" has about 34 species in three groups of species. One group of species lives out on the savannah; another group lives near rivers, and the third group lives in tropical forests.

Tsetse have an unusual life cycle. Female tsetse only fertilize one egg at a time and keep each egg in their uterus while the offspring develops internally during the first larval stages. During this time, the female feeds the developing offspring with a milky substance secreted by a modified gland in the uterus. 

In the third larval stage, the tsetse larva finally leave the uterus and crawl into the ground. There it forms a hard outer shell and becomes the pupa. It completes its metamorphosis into an adult fly. This takes twenty to thirty days, while the larva relies on stored resources. 

Normally, insect larvae feed themselves before pupation, but tsetse development (before it emerges as a full adult) occurs without feeding. The development is based only on nutritional resources provided by the female parent, which shows how blood is a rich source of nutrition. The female must get enough energy for her needs, for the needs of her developing offspring, and to store the resources which her offspring will require until it emerges as an adult.

Before the 20th century, people and their cattle simply did not live in areas infested with tsetse flies. In the 20th century, using pesticides after World War II caused as many problems as it solved. Now more subtle methods are preferred. Tsetse flies can be trapped by using large blue cloths as a lure. Another good method is to release irradiated male flies, which are sterile. Since females mate only once in their lives, that much reduces the population.

Pun

A pun is a joke which is a "play on words." People make puns in order to make other people laugh. Many jokes are actually puns. A pun usually uses a word which can have more than one meaning, even if the spelling is different: 

Sometimes a pun may use a whole phrase that can be heard in more than one way, as in the following knock-knock joke:

(The last sentence is supposed to mean: “This was the way I used to speak before I got my false teeth”).

There is a joke about a man who sent ten different puns to friends in the hope that at least one of the puns would make them laugh. Unfortunately, no pun in ten did.

(The joke here is on “no pun intended,” which is said when a person unintentionally says a pun by coincidence, and announces the find ).

There are many websites and books which have jokes, very often with puns.

Puns are easier to make in some languages than others. Languages with many homophones (words which sound the same but have a different meaning) such as the Chinese language are most suitable for puns.

Puns do not have to be about homonyms. They can sometimes be a double entendre using both a literal sense of the word and a metaphor (figurative use). For example, if a young man joins the Navy and someone says that he "sailed through his exams", this is a joke because: 1) the expression "to sail through something" means "to do it easily", but 2) the Navy is about sailing in ships. It is possible to say something like that without realizing that it is a pun. 

Another example is a story about two boys growing up and eating more and more food. One of the parents just began a new job and the other says, "I hope you can start bringing home the bacon!" In this example, bacon is a play on words meaning both money and the food, bacon. 

Many British people love making puns, especially bad puns (where a word has to be mispronounced to make the joke work). Lewis Carroll made many puns in his books "Alice in Wonderland" and "Alice through the Looking Glass".

These are also a few examples of different puns:

Really "cool" songs were heard as the rock band played on the iceberg,

"You're fired!" said the boss to the man shot from a gun.
"How is your vineyard doing?" a neighbour asked. The woman replied, "It's growing grape!" (play on words: "It's going great!")
North American P-51 Mustang

The P-51 Mustang was an American fighter made by North American Aviation during World War II. Later versions escorted American bombers over Europe and Japan. There were 5 versions of the Mustang built, called the P-51A, P-51B, P-51C, P-51D, and the P-51H. To provide more power at high altitude, the B, C, D, and H versions had a Packard-built version of the Rolls-Royce Merlin engine instead of the Allison engine used in the P-51A. The Packard Merlin engine featured a more advanced supercharger, allowing much better performance above 15,000 feet when compared to the Allison. The P-51D version had a "bubble" canopy, or one unobstructed by metal supports. After World War II, it was used in the Korean War as a dive bomber and was used by many Central American air forces until the 1970s. Today, P-51 Mustangs are often used in air races.

The P-51 Mustang is an American veteran from World War II and the Korean War. The  P-51 Mustang was the first U.S. built fighter airplane to control Europe after the fall of France. Mustangs met and conquered nearly every German plane from the Junkers bombers to the Messerschmitt 262s. The P-51 was a very successful aircraft, capable of many ground attack and dogfight missions. 


Airsoft

Airsoft is a sport that uses fake guns (Airsoft guns) to battle. This game is usually compared with paintball, another sport that uses fake guns to battle. The difference between the two sports are:


Because of how simple the sport of Airsoft works (shoot people), people usually make things interesting by changing the gameplay styles. Some examples are short-term battles, organized scenarios, historical reenactments and Military Simulation. Game fields also have very different styles, from battle in small spaces, or battle in big outdoor places. Because of how Airsoft guns work, tactics used in the Military can also be used in the game.

Mikoyan-Gurevich MiG-15

MiG-15 Fagot was a jet combat airplane designed by Mikoyan, a Russian airplane company. It was intended as an interceptor but fought more often as an air superiority fighter. It first flew in 1947, and went in military service in 1949. It was one of the first to use a swept wing. It first fought in the Korean War, where it defeated the American Lockheed P-80 Shooting Star. To try to beat the MiG-15, the North American Aviation F-86 Sabre was brought in. The MiG-15 was then upgraded in to the MiG-17, so the MiG-15 went out of service. Today, it is used to train new pilots and still used by North Korea's Air Force.



North American F-86 Sabre

The F-86 Sabre (nicknamed the "Sabre jet") was an American fighter plane made by North American Aviation. It first flew in 1947, and was introduced to battle the MiG-15 in the Korean War. Unlike the fighter before it, the F-86 had swept wings to be faster.


Patrick Hillery

Patrick John Hillery (; 2 May 1923 – 12 April 2008) was an Irish Fianna Fáil politician and the sixth President of Ireland from 1976 until 1990. First elected at the 1951 general election as a Fianna Fáil TD for County Clare, he remained in Dáil Éireann until 1973. During this time he served as: 

He was Ireland's first European Commissioner, serving for three years until he became President in 1976. He never faced an election, because both time he ran for president he was unopposed.

Patrick John Hillery, known as "Paddy Hillery", was born in Spanish Point, Miltown Malbay, County Clare in 1923. He attended University College Dublin, where he studied medicine. In 1947 he returned to his home town where he followed in his father’s footsteps as a doctor. As a doctor he also spent a year working as coroner for West Clare.

Hillery married Mary Beatrice (Maeve) Finnegan on 27 October 1955. Together they had a son, John, and a daughter, Vivienne, who died after a long illness in 1985, shortly before her eighteenth birthday.

Hillery was asked by Éamon de Valera to be his running mate in the 1951 general election. He won the election and Hillery was successful on his first attempt to get elected. He only became a minister after de Valera retired as Taoiseach in 1959.

As Minister for Education, Hillery established comprehensive schools and Regional Technical Colleges.

After another election win in 1969 Hillery became Minister for External Affairs (renamed Foreign Affairs in 1972), one of the top cabinet posts. After "Bloody Sunday"), he travelled to the United Nations in New York to demand UN involvement in peace-keeping on the streets of Northern Ireland. In 1972, he negotiated Irish membership of the European Economic Community, a process that was completed in 1973.

Following Ireland's successful entry into Europe Hillery was rewarded by becoming the first Irishman to serve on the European Commission. He was appointed Vice-President of the Commission as well as having special responsibility for Social Affairs. Hillery's most famous policy was to force EEC member states to give equal pay to women.

In 1976 the new Fine Gael–Labour Party National Coalition Government of Liam Cosgrave said they would not re-appoint him to the Commission. He thought about returning to medicine, perhaps moving with his wife, Maeve (also a doctor) to Africa. When President Cearbhall Ó Dálaigh resigned, Hillery agreed to become the Fianna Fáil candidate in the election.

He was elected without a contest as the only candidate, becoming President of Ireland on 3 December 1976.

After 1982 people thought he was a very good and honest President. Before then he had been written off as boring and dull. In 1982 the Taoiseach, Fine Gael's Garret FitzGerald, lost a vote in Dáil Eireann. Dr Fitzgerald asked for a general election. As President he did not have to agree, and Dr Fitzgerald would have had to resign. This meant Dáil Éireann might choose Charles Haughey as Taoiseach. Hillery thought a new election was best, but many people from the President's own party tried to persuade him otherwise.

President Hillery refused to speak to any opposition party politicians, but when Charles Haughey, who was Leader of the Opposition, had rang the President's Office he "threatened" to end the career of the army officer answered and refused on Hillery's "explicit" orders to put the call through to the President. Hillery called the Irish Army's Chief of Staff the following day and as Commander-in-Chief of the Army had ordered the Chief of Staff to make sure that no politician ever interfered with the career of the young army officer.

In 1983 Hillery was again elected unopposed. Hillery left office in 1990 (he had served the maximum two terms), widely applauded for his integrity, honesty and devotion to duty. However he re-entered public life in 2002 during the second referendum on the Nice Treaty, when he urged a "yes" vote. The referendum was carried.

In 2002, state papers released by the British Public Record Office under the 'Thirty Year Rule' and published in the Irish media, revealed how Hillery was viewed. A briefing paper, prepared for then British Foreign Secretary, Sir Alec Douglas-Home and the Secretary of State for Northern Ireland William Whitelaw, observed about Hillery:



Mikoyan-Gurevich MiG-21

The MiG-21 Fishbed is a jet aircraft made by Mikoyan. It is a supersonic fighter aircraft and first flew in 1956. It has a delta wing and at least 30 countries used it. More than 10,000 were made, which is more than any other supersonic plane. It fought in the Vietnam War and is still being used today.

Pantyhose

Pantyhose is a piece of women's clothing that covers the waist down.

Miniskirt exposed the legs to well above the knee. They made pantyhose a necessity for many women. In 1970, U.S. sales of pantyhose exceeded stockings for the first time, and it has remained so ever since. 

Pantyhose fit tightly. Modern tights come in different colors. For every day wear women are usually chosen brown (tan color pantyhose) or black or nude (skin) pantyhose. There are popular patterned pantyhose: for example, polka dot, backseam, tattoo and so on). In addition to beautiful trendy patterned pantyhose, there are also functional pantyhose, such as modeling and compression pantyhose.

Compression pantyhose usually used for protective or medical reasons. For protection against varicose veins use only pantyhose with a low level of graduated compression. Compression pantyhose with a high level of exposure can be purchased with a doctor's prescription.


Tights

Tights are a tight fitting clothing. In American English, the term includes pantyhose. They usually fit from the waist down and are often worn in dancing. Tights in the past were made of elasticized silk or other material. Modern tights are often made of spandex.

Tights were invented in 1598, by a man called William Lee. He was a reverend and made a machine that knitted together silk.

Tights come in thin and thick options. Thinner tights are called sheer and thicker ones are called opaque. People measure this thickness uses something called "denier". They are five categories that show what denier a pair of tights is: Ultra sheer, sheer, semi-opaque, opaque and thick-opaque.

Tights are intended to maintain a wearer’s legs warm, and they arrive in a vast collection of colors, lengths, and materials. Tights come in a diverse selection of colors and patterns. 1 rule of thumb to consider is that coated leggings like the shiny metallic leggings will usually have less stretch than faux leather leggings or even our basic nylon leggings which are the absolute most easy to fit due to their unhindered stretch.


Cockatiel

Cockatiels (binomial name Nymphicus hollandicus) are small birds originally from Australia and are related to many other cockatoos. They are the second most common bird species kept as a pet. Cockatiels can live from 10 to 25 years, depending on how healthy their lifestyle is, although wild cockatiels usually live shorter. 

Cockatiels have tiny feathers on their head called a crest. The crest allows the owner to have an idea of what they are feeling; straight up if scared or excited, flat when they're angry, and slightly curved is normal/happy.

In the wild, cockatiels are prey animals, meaning there are predators that eat them. As a result, cockatiels can scare easily, especially when they meet someone or something they do not know. With enough patience and affection, an owner can tame the cockatiel and help them get over their natural fear. Like many other parrots, cockatiels are very good at climbing, and use their beak to position themselves each time.

Cockatiels come in many different colours, some naturally while others were specifically bred. Gray is considered to be their original colour, and is one of the most popular, along with Lutino (yellow). Males have a brighter crest and face, and sing louder and more frequently than females. A cockatiel has very long tail feathers compared to other birds.

Seeds make up most of their diet, but veterinarians strongly recommend various fruits, vegetables, and beans as well. However, a few of these may be harmful to them, and it is advised to be cautious with what they eat. It can be very hard to get adults to try new foods, so it is best to have them try little by little at a time instead of all at once.

Like other birds, they can be taught to do many tricks; including flips, handshakes, fly-on-command, showing their wings, and more. Patience and repetition is key, as teaching one trick can take many months. They can also be taught to sing, but may become confused and ruin the song if it's too complex.

Cockatiels are social birds, and like to spend time with others. They can become overly attached to their owners over time (especially if raised young), and may start to shriek when they feel lonely. If the owner is unable to spend a lot of time with them, getting them a partner (preferably another cockatiel) can help resolve their clinginess.

Cockatiels are Australian psittacines native to the deserts (Forshaw, 2010).
They are genetically adapted to high temperatures, amid centuries of domestication

Carvalho, T.S.G., et al. “Behavior of Cockatiels (Nymphicus Hollandicus) at Two Temperatures in
Captivity.” "Arquivo Brasileiro De Medicina Veterinária e Zootecnia", vol. 67, no. 6, 2015, pp. 1669–1674., doi:10.1590/1678-4162-7892.

North Hollywood shootout

The North Hollywood shootout was a gunfight that happened on February 28, 1997. Emil Matasareanu (July 19, 1966 - February 28, 1997) and Larry Eugene Phillips Jr. (September 20, 1970 - February 28, 1997) were bank robbers, and used AK-47s, an AR-15, an HK-91, and 9 MM pistols. The police could not easily kill them because of their heavy body armor, which was made out of kevlar. 20 people were wounded, and the only two killed were the robbers. 

Matasareanu was shot dead by police. Phillips shot himself in the head with a Beretta M92F as police shot him multiple times. His body was left in the street for about an hour before ambulances came to take his body away.

ArmaLite AR-15

The AR-15 is a semi-automatic rifle designed by the ArmaLite. The " AR" is short for "ArmaLite Rifle." 

The AR-15 is a semiautomatic rifle that discharges a single shot with each pull of the trigger until empty. The military version is the M-16, manufactured by Colt Firearms, FNMI, Harrington Richardson, Daewoo, and others. The M16 and M4, unlike the AR-15, is a select fire (semi and fully automatic) magazine fed, gas operated, shoulder fired assault rifle. 

First considered of little use, the AR-15 was considered to provide inferior accuracy to target shooters in the prestigious Service Rifle matches. The use of heavier match barrels and target sights by ArmaLite and heavier match bullets by the Sierra Bullet company produced accuracy so good that they have displaced the previous M1 and M16 rifles used in those matches.

The AR-15s light weight, accuracy, and light recoil has made it extremely popular with shooters and its use is spreading around the world. It is a useful collector's item, ranch or home security rifle, and small caliber hunting rifle and has become one of the most popular rifles in the world, and ArmaLite's are manufactured even today. 

The AR-15 is a lightweight, magazine-fed, air-cooled rifle with a rotating locking bolt actuated by propellant gas expanding within an internal gas piston operating system. It can be made in many different "styles" shooting many different types of ammunition such as the 9mm cartridge that is most often used in handguns. 

The gas for this system is tapped from the barrel and travels down a gas tube that feeds it into the bolt carrier and thus the gas (i.e. piston) cylinder. The gas expands within the piston cylinder and forces the carrier rearward. A cam pin linking the bolt to unlocking surfaces of the bolt carrier forces the bolt to unlock from the barrel and allows the assembly to drive to the rear. 

An error in an early article covering the AR-15 described the system as a "direct impingement" system. This long standing error is based on the fact that a true direct impingement system also moves propellant gasses from the barrel into the face of the carrier. Unlike pressurizing a piston cylinder in the bolt carrier, the gas of the direct impingement system simply passes into a shallow depression in the bolt carrier and actually blows the carrier to the rear. 

Barrels of current commercial variants of the AR-15 are produced in chromed, un-chromed, and stainless steel barrels with little extraction difficulty in the more moderate climate in the US. 

Even the earliest AR-15 internal piston systems were chromed plated and the rifles performed well if properly lubricated and cleaned. Nonetheless some rifle manufacturers have accused the internal piston system of inferiority and modified the rifles to an external piston system and driving rod pushing the carrier. 

Two such designs were developed for the military and found unneeded. Extreme test firing (2 000 rounds with no cleaning or lubing and no malfunctions) confirmed findings that simple lubrication keeps the rifles functioning for extreme periods, but all manufacturers recommend more frequent cleaning.

The Blitz

The Blitz was a German bombing campaign against the United Kingdom in 1940 and 1941, during the Second World War. The term was first used by the British press and came from the term , the German word for 'lightning war'.

The Germans conducted mass air attacks against industrial targets, towns, and cities, beginning with raids on London towards the end of the Battle of Britain in 1940.

By September 1940, the Luftwaffe had lost the Battle of Britain and the German air fleets () were ordered to attack London, to draw RAF Fighter Command into a battle of annihilation. 

From 7 September 1940, London was bombed by the Luftwaffe for 56 of the following 57 days and nights. Most notable was a large daylight attack against London on 15 September.

Timpani

Timpani (sometimes called kettle drums) are drums that are made out of large bowls that are usually made of copper shaped by craftsmen, which after being tuned, have a skin-like material stretched over the top. This material used to be a type of vellum or treated skin, but modern drums use a synthetic material. This top section is known as the "drumhead". 
"Timpani" is an Italian word. It is also a plural of the word "timpano". However "timpano" is rarely used in informal English. More often, a timpano is referred to as a "drum", a "timpani", or simply a "timp". Someone who plays a timpani is called a "timpanist".
Timpani are different from other drums because they are tuned to certain musical notes. A timpanist will often describe the drum as being "in voice" (or out of voice, as the case may be) when it is correctly tuned. To play it, it is hit with a special drumstick or "timpani mallet". Other drums that are used in orchestras and bands make a sound rather than a note, and are not tuned. A player normally sits with a group of two, three or four timpani around him, which is why the name timpani is in the plural. 
Timpani were originally used in official bands. They can still be seen in the bands of the modern official as in the Household Cavalry of Queen Elizabeth II of the United Kingdom, in which the "kettle drums" (as they are called) are carried by large drumhorses. In the 1700s timpani became popular in orchestral music, and can be heard in the music of Handel, Beethoven and other 19th century composers wrote music that needed the timpani. Nowadays all large orchestras have timpani, and some bands that play popular music use them as well.

A timpani drumhead, also called a timpani head, can be made out of two different things. Some are made out of animal skin, like calfskin or goatskin. Other ones can be made out of thick plastic. Because plastic heads are hard to break and do not cost as much as animal skin heads, they are used more often than animal skin heads. However, a lot of professional players prefer skin heads because they think that skin heads make a better sound when they are hit. The drumhead is stretched over the bowl of the timpani and held on by screws for tuning the timpani. 
The screws that hold and tune the drumhead are called "tension rods". To tune the timpani, the "tension rods" can all be tightened or loosened. The timpani makes a higher sound if the tension rods are made tighter, and a lower sound if they are loosened. There are usually around seven tension rods on the timpani. 

Tuning a timpani by turning every tension rod by itself can be very hard, so some timpani makers invented different ways to change the drum's pitch more quickly. 

In a chain timpani, the tension rods are all attached to a chain. This chain is hooked up to a lever, and when a player moves the lever back and forth, it tightens and loosens all the screws at the same time to change the pitch of the drum. 
A pedal timpani is a timpani that uses a pedal to change its pitch. It is the kind of timpani that is used the most today. A player can push on the pedal to make the timpani play higher notes, or let the pedal come back up to play lower notes. There are three different kinds of pedal timpani:

Timpani are played with a special kind of drumstick called "timpani mallets". A player uses two mallets at a time when they play the drum. The two parts of the mallet are called the "shaft" and the "head". The head is the part of the mallet that is shaped like a circle, and is the part that hits the timpani, and the shaft is the wooden part of the mallet that is held by a timpanist. A timpani mallet's head can be made out of many things, but is usually made out of a wood sphere that is covered with felt or a thin cloth. The shaft of the mallet is usually made out of wood, like hickory, cherry, or bamboo, but can also be made out of metal, like aluminum. Some timpani mallets do not have a felt head, and just have a wooden one. These mallets are sometimes used in classical and baroque music.

In the beginning of the 20th century, some mallets had shafts made out of whale bones and heads made out of sponges.

With a pedal timpani, a player can produce different sound effects using the pedals. Performing glissando on timpani demands switching the pedals. Glissando is generated by pressing the pedal during the vertebra. Furthermore it is possible to play glissando at any volume level up or down. For example, Alexander Rahbari, an outstanding Iranian-Austrian composer used glissando effect produced by switching timpani pedals in the opening of his piece, Persian Mysticism Around G, where the player moves from Bb up to C and then rolling down to G(see the timpani part on right below). 



Hurricane Lorenzo (2007)

Hurricane Lorenzo was the twelfth named storm and fourth hurricane of the 2007 Atlantic hurricane season. It formed in the Bay of Campeche off the east coast of Mexico where it quickly strengthened into a hurricane. It made landfall in central Mexico early on September 28 as a Category 1 hurricane.

On September 21, an area of convection formed in the western Caribbean Sea associated with a trough of low pressure. Convection increased and a wide area of low pressure formed on September 22 as the convection moved northwestward towards the Yucatan Peninsula. On September 23 the area of low pressure moved over the Yucatan Peninsula and was creating thunderstorms from the southern Gulf of Mexico to the northwestern Caribbean Sea. Over the next few days the large area of low pressure was moving unevenly over the southwestern Gulf of Mexico, but convection was restricted from strong upper-level winds. By September 25 upper-level winds started decrease as conditions became more favorable for tropical cyclone formation and by that morning visible satellite imagery showed that a tropical depression could be forming about 180 mi (290 km) east of Tampico, Tamaulipas.

During the evening of September 25 a United States Air Force Hurricane Hunter aircraft found that the area of low pressure had turned into a tropical depression. The depression tracked slowly to the south and southwest into the Bay of Campeche. On September 26, convection increased and the depression was getting closer to strengthening into a tropical storm. At 0300 UTC September 27 the Government of Mexico gave out a tropical storm watch for parts of the Mexican Gulf Coast as the depression was predicted to strengthen into a tropical storm. The depression began to quickly strengthen on September 27, and the depression became Tropical Storm Lorenzo around midday. Continued strengthening that afternoon brought Lorenzo to hurricane strength, less than seven hours after being named. Lorenzo made landfall in central Mexico south-southwest of Tuxpan as a Category 1 hurricane with 80 mph winds on the Saffir-Simpson Hurricane Scale. Lorenzo dissipated later that afternoon as the final advisory was given out.

A tropical storm warning was given out for the central Mexican Gulf Coast on September 26. When Lorenzo began to rapidly strengthen, the warning was raised to a hurricane warning. Mexico's Civilian Protection officials declared a "red alert" for much of the state of Veracruz.

At first, no evacuations were given out right away, as a result of the up-coming start of Lorenzo, although shelters were set up in the state of Veracruz and officials cancelled classes at all local schools. Because of the fast development of the storm though, officials quickly evacuated over 100,000 people just before landfall by using bullhorns on the streets warning people of the up-coming threat.

Pemex oil production continued in spite of the threat of the system and its offshore impacts. Nonetheless, the price of oil increased to record highs of $83.90 a barrel from the concerns by investors about possible damage.

Moderate damage was reported in east-central Mexico as Lorenzo hit the area. Shacks were badly damaged by the strong winds, a lot of tree damage was reported and many areas lost electricity service. Flooding was also reported as rivers quickly rose from the heavy rain and wet ground. Scattered landslides were also reported. The area was already cleaning up after Hurricane Dean, which hit the area in late August.

Heavy rain was the cause to at least five deaths; which included a woman and two children in Chiconcuautla in Puebla's Sierra Norte region, and a senior citizen who fell into a hole near his home in Pánuco, Veracruz.



Supergiant

Supergiants are some of the largest stars in the universe. They are larger than giant stars, and less luminous than hypergiants. They vary greatly in size. They are towards the top of the Hertzsprung–Russell diagram, a graph showing star development. Some are only 50 million kilometers across, small enough to fit inside the orbit of Mercury. The largest and brightest supergiants, also called hypergiants, are 2,200 million km across, between the sizes of the orbits of Jupiter and Saturn.

Supergiants are the old forms of old main sequence stars that had a high mass. These expanded when hydrogen ran out for fusion in their core to become red and blue supergiants. Typically, when the hydrogen in the core runs out, the star becomes a blue supergiant and then a red supergiant when hydrogen fusion occurs in a layer surrounding the core. When helium fusion starts, the red supergiant becomes a blue supergiant again. When the core becomes multi-layered with heavier elements being produced by fusion, it may turn into a red supergiant again. However, supergiants may go through the red-blue supergiant cycle numerous times, and both red and blue supergiants can end their life in a supernova explosion.

Yellow supergiants are the rarest supergiant type and are not stable. However, they are still important stars and include the Cepheid variables. They are likely just a midway point when a red supergiant changes to a blue supergiant and vice versa. Larger and brighter yellow supergiants are called yellow hypergiants.

Supergiants are rare but easy to find because they are so bright. Many stars in the night sky that the naked eye can see are rare supergiants.


The yellow supergiants famously include the Cepheid variables.


Tipton

"This is about the town in the West Midlands, England. For other towns called Tipton, see Tipton (disambiguation)."

Tipton is a town in the Sandwell borough of the West Midlands, England, with a population of around 47,000.

Tipton is located about halfway between Birmingham and Wolverhampton. It is a part of the West Midlands conurbation, and is a part of the Black Country.

Organic matter

Organic matter (or organic material) is matter that has come from a recently living organism. It is capable of decay, or is the product of decay; or is composed of organic compounds. There is not one definition of organic matter only. It varies upon the context, the subject it is being used for.

Soil is composed of minerals and organic matter, as well as living organisms. The organic matter in soil comes from plants and animals. In a forest, for example, leaf litter and woody material falls to the forest floor. This is one kind organic material. When it decays to the point it is no longer recognizable it is called soil organic matter. When the organic matter has broken down into a stable humic substances that resist further decomposition it is called humus. 

The equation of "organic" with living organisms comes from the now-abandoned idea of vitalism that attributed a special force to life that alone could create organic substances. This idea was first questioned after the "a"biotic synthesis of urea by Friedrich Wöhler in 1828.


Need for Speed: Carbon

Need For Speed: Carbon is an racing game by Electronic Arts that belongs to the "Need for Speed" series. It is the 12th game in the "Need For Speed" series and is available on many gaming systems such as the GameCube, Wii, Game Boy Advance, Nintendo DS, PlayStation 2, PlayStation 3, Xbox, Xbox 360, and PC. It is the last in the series to be released for the GameCube and GBA, it was released on October 30, 2006.

"Need for Speed: Carbon" is like "", but the biggest change is that it is night time.

Mary Robinson

Mary Robinson (; born 21 May 1944) was the first female President of Ireland, serving from 1990 to 1997. She had been an academic, barrister, and member of the Irish senate from 1969 to 1989.

She defeated "Fianna Fáil's" Brian Lenihan and Fine Gael's Austin Currie in the 1990 presidential election, the first time Fianna Fáil had lost a presidential election.

She resigned the presidency four months ahead of the end of her term of office to begin a five-year term in the United Nations, as United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees. In 2002 Robinson became Honorary President of Oxfam International. She signed the Yogyakarta Principles in meeting of International Commission of Jurist and from 2008 to 2010 she was the predident of the International Commission of Jurists. 

In 2018 Robinson became embroiled in the "proof of life" controversy surrounding "The Missing Princess"(Latifa) the imprisoned daughter of the current Dubai ruler, Sheikh Maktoum. She had attended a lunch in Dubai, hosted by Latifa's step mother, Princess Haya the then, junior wife of Maktoum, in which Robinson appeared in staged photographs with Princess Latifa and publicly claimed that Latifa was being cared for by her loving family. In February 2021 Robinson retracted her former statement in a BBC Panorama broadcast, claiming that herself and Haya had both been misled and had been spun convincing and elaborate lies about Princess Latifa's alleged medical 'bipolar' history and condition.

Born Mary Therese Winifred Bourke in Ballina, County Mayo in 1944, Mary Robinson was the daughter of two medical doctors. The Bourke family has been in Mayo since the thirteenth century. One ancestor was a leading activist in the Irish National Land League in Mayo and the Irish Republican Brotherhood; an uncle, Sir Paget John Bourke, was knighted by Queen Elizabeth II after a career as a judge in the Colonial Service; while another relative was a Roman Catholic nun.

Robinson got the permission of the then Archbishop of Dublin, John Charles McQuaid to study in Trinity College, Dublin (TCD); at the time Roman Catholics were forbidden by church rules from studying in TCD without special permission, called a dispensation. TCD once did not allow Catholics to study. In her twenties, she was appointed Professor of Law in the college.

She was elected one of Trinity College's three members of Seanad Éireann in 1969.

She fought:

She was also on several Senate/Oireachtas committees:

In 1982, the Labour Party entered into a coalition government with Fine Gael. Many expected Robinson to be the attorney-general, but the Labour party leader instead picked an unknown, new senior counsel called John Rogers. Shortly afterwards, Robinson resigned from the party in protest at the Anglo-Irish Agreement, she said that unionist politicians in Northern Ireland should have been consulted as part of the deal.

Robinson decided not to seek re-election to the senate in 1989. One year later she agreed to become the first Labour candidate for the presidency and the first woman candidate in what was only the second presidential election to be contested by three candidates since 1945.

The main opposition party, Fine Gael was no well organised. They gambled that former Taoiseach Garret FitzGerald would run as its candidate (but for two years he had been saying no), then they asked Peter Barry, who had previously been willing to run but had run out of patience and was no longer interested. The party's third choice was the former civil rights campaigner Austin Currie, a new TD and former minister in Brian Faulkner's power-sharing executive in Northern Ireland from 1973-1974.

Fianna Fáil chose Tánaiste and Minister for Defence, Brian Lenihan. Lenihan was popular and widely seen as humorous and intelligent. Like Robinson he had made liberal policy reforms. In the 1960s he abolished censorship, for example. He was seen as a near certainty to win the presidency. The only question asked was whether Robinson would beat Currie and come second.

But Taoiseach Charles Haughey of Fianna Fáil was not popular, and the Labour Party leader Dick Spring was becoming more popular.

During the campaign people found out that what Lenihan had told friends in private showed he had lied in public about the 1982 dissolution of Dáil Éireann.

Lenihan denied he had pressured the President but then a tape was produced of an 'on the record' interview he had given to a postgraduate student the previous May where he talked about trying to apply pressure. Lenihan claimed that "on mature recollection" he had not pressured the President and had been confused in his interview with the student. But the government threatened to fall over the issue.

Lenihan was dismissed as Tánaiste and Minister for Defence.

Lenihan still managed to win the first count. In the Single Transferable Vote system Austin Currie was eliminated and his second choice votes were counted. Most were for Robinson. Lenihan became the first Fianna Fáil presidential candidate in the history of the office to lose a presidential election. Robinson now became President.

Robinson was a popular president, before he died in 2002 Brian Lenihan said that she was a better president than he ever could have been. She often visited Britain, and became the first Irish president to visit Queen Elizabeth II at Buckingham Palace. She welcomed visits by senior British royals, most notably the Prince of Wales to Áras an Uachtaráin. On one trip to Belfast she met with the local MP, Gerry Adams, the President of Sinn Féin. Foreign Minister Dick Spring, who was leader of the Labour Party, privately advised her not to meet Adams. However the Government did not formally advise her not to meet with him, so she felt it would be wrong,not to meet the local member of parliament during her visit, and was photographed publicly shaking his hand. During her various visits to Northern Ireland, she in fact regularly met politicians of all parties, including David Trimble of the Ulster Unionist Party and John Hume of the Social Democratic and Labour Party.

Charles Haughey died not like her, even stopping her from delivering the important BBC Dimbleby Lecture. Haughey's successors as Taoiseach, Albert Reynolds (Fianna Fáil: 1992-94), John Bruton (Fine Gael: 1994-97) and Bertie Ahern (Fianna Fáil:1997- ) never hid their admiration of her work. Bruton and Ahern both tried to get her the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights.

Robinson became the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights on 12 September 1997, resigning the Presidency a few weeks early with the approval of Irish political parties in order to take up the post. Newspaper reports say that she had been asked by Secretary General of the United Nations Kofi Annan to become a public campaigner

Robinson was the first High Commissioner for Human Rights to visit Tibet, making her trip in 1998. During her tenure she criticised the Irish system of permits for non-EU immigrants, and criticised the United States' use of capital punishment. Though she had initially announced her intention to serve a single four-year period, she extended the term by a year following an appeal from Annan, allowing her to preside over the 2001 World Conference against Racism, Racial Discrimination, Xenophobia and Related Intolerance in Durban, South Africa, as Secretary-General. Robinson's posting as High Commissioner ended in 2002.

Mrs Robinson is the twenty fourth, and first female, Chancellor of University of Dublin.

On 18 July 2007 in Johannesburg, South Africa, Nelson Mandela, his wife Graça Machel, and Desmond Tutu convened a group of world leaders to contribute their wisdom, independent leadership and honesty to tackle some of the world's toughest problems. Nelson Mandela announced the formation of this new group, The Elders, in a speech he delivered on his 89th birthday.

Archbishop Tutu will serve as the Chair of The Elders. The founding members of this group also include Graça Machel, Kofi Annan, Ela Bhatt, Gro Harlem Brundtland, Jimmy Carter, Li Zhaoxing, Mary Robinson and Muhammad Yunus.

The Elders will be independently funded by a group of Founders, including Richard Branson, Peter Gabriel, Ray Chambers; Michael Chambers; Bridgeway Foundation; Pam Omidyar, Humanity United; Amy Robbins; Shashi Ruia, Dick Tarlow; andThe United Nations Foundation.

As president she signed two very important Bills that she had fought for throughout her political career


Media coverage in "The Irish Times", "The Irish Independent", "The Examiner" (now renamed the "Irish Examiner"), "The Star", The Irish Mirror, "The Irish Sun", "Sunday Tribune", "The Sunday Independent", "The Sunday Times", "The Times", "The Daily Telegraph" and "The Guardian". Also briefing notes issued on various occasions (notably state, official or personal visits by Robinson abroad) supplied by the Irish Department of Foreign Affairs, The Foreign and Commonwealth Office, Buckingham Palace, Áras an Uachtaráin, the Holy See and the press offices of the United Nations (including the text of her Romanes Lecture in November 1997). Some background came via an interview with Mrs. Robinson.

"The Korea Liberator:" Criticism of Robinson's failure to speak out while North Korea deliberately starved two million of its people to death, largely during her tenure (warning: graphic image).


MotorStorm

MotorStorm is a racing video game. It is only available for the PlayStation 3. The goal of the game is to win a series of races and to be the winner of the MotorStorm Festival. Players can control seven different types of vehicles throughout the game including rally cars, big rigs, dirt bikes, ATVs, racing trucks, buggies and mudpluggers. MotorStorm has a sequel called .

Tipton (disambiguation)

Tipton may refer to:





Athletic shoe

An athletic shoe is a name for a shoe designed for sporting and physical activities, and is different in style and build than a dress shoe. Originally used mainly during sports, today they are worn as casual footwear. They are often very comfortable and usually have lots of padding.

Athletic shoes, depending on the location and the actual type of footwear, can also go by the name trainers (British English), sandshoes (Australian English) running shoes or runners (Canadian English, Australian English, Hiberno-English), sneakers (American English, Australian English), sport shoes, gym shoes, tennis shoes, tennies, sneaks, kicks (American English), takkies (South African English).

They are made of flexible kinds of material featuring soles made from rubber and an upper part made with leather or canvas. Sneakers were originally for sporting use, although today they are used as casual footwear. They are worn in school for their versatility and comfort. They are almost silent; somebody wearing sneakers can sneak up on another person. They are worn for many different types of sports.

Achtung Baby

Achtung Baby is the seventh studio album by Irish rock band U2. It was put in stores on 19 November 1991. The album came almost two years after the lead singer, Bono, said that the band would "have to go away and dream it all up again," after their 1988 album, "Rattle and Hum" was criticized.

"Achtung Baby" shows a very big change in U2's sound because they began to use alternative rock and electronic sounds in the rhythm, more production, and more guitar effects, also including darker and more personal song words. The results were much more adventurous and less traditionally rock-based than their previous albums, and "Achtung Baby" is one of U2's best-selling and most-liked albums.

Trail of Tears

The Trail of Tears was a forced movement of Native Americans in the United States between 1836 and 1839. The United States government forced Native Americans to leave their lands and move outside the United States. The U.S. then took over the Native Americans' lands and made the United States bigger. Many Cherokee died from the harsh weather, disease, or lack of food and water. 

Because thousands of Native Americans died in this forced move, it is called the "Trail of Tears."

In 1827, gold was found near Dahlonega in Georgia. This resulted in a gold rush. But at that time, a Native American nation called the Cherokees lived in Georgia. Many Cherokee children went to American schools. The Cherokees had their own newspaper and built three-story houses. Some even owned slaves. 
Even so, President Andrew Jackson wanted this land to belong to the United States. The land was worth over $7,000,000 (about $179.5 million in 2015 U.S. dollars). Jackson signed a law that forced the Cherokees to move. This was called the Indian Removal Act. However, at that time, the Cherokees had their own nation and their own government. They did not have to follow laws made by the United States. Therefore, Jackson signed laws that let him take nearly all the Cherokees' rights.

The Cherokee nation did not want to accept those laws or the Indian Removal Act, so the Cherokees' Chief John Ross decided to try to defend the Cherokee rights through the United States courts. In 1832, the Supreme Court of the United States said that the Cherokee were living in their own country, "in which the laws of Georgia can have no force." The Court said Georgia had no right to make the Cherokee do anything.

Nevertheless, the U.S. government used a treaty, called the Treaty of New Echota, to remove the Cherokee nation by force. The treaty was signed by the leader of a small group of Cherokees who had different opinions than the rest of the Nation. Since the treaty was not signed by an official Cherokee leader, it was not legal under Cherokee law. About 15,000 Cherokees signed a petition against the treaty. Newspapers and people around the United States (including John Quincy Adams) protested the treaty. The United States Senate approved the treaty by just one vote. President Jackson signed the treaty into law on May 23, 1836. The treaty gave the Cherokees two years to leave their lands.

The deadline for Cherokees to leave their land voluntarily was on May 23, 1838. President Martin Van Buren sent General Winfield Scott to lead the soldiers who would force the Cherokee to leave. Scott ordered his soldiers to "show every possible kindness to the Cherokee and to arrest any soldier who [gave] a [cruel] injury or insult [to] any Cherokee man, woman, or child."

On May 26th, the operation began. 7,000 soldiers forced about 15,000 Cherokees and 2,000 of their slaves to leave their land. All Cherokees had to leave their homes right away. Within three weeks, the Cherokees were all forced into internment camps. They were forced to stay in these camps for the summer of 1838. 353 Cherokee died from dysentery and other diseases.

Finally Chief Ross got General Scott to agree to a deal. Chief Ross promised that he and other Cherokee leaders would bring the Cherokee people to their new lands on their own. General Scott agreed and even got the U.S. Army to pay the costs for the trip.

The Cherokee travelled in groups of 1000 to 3000 people on three main routes. Different groups started in Chattanooga, Tennessee; Guntersville, Alabama; and Charleston, Tennessee. Most Cherokees had to walk; others, if they were wealthy men, could use wagons. The United States government also gave the Cherokee about 660 wagons.

The trip was about 1,200 miles long. During the trip, the Cherokees had to deal with winter weather, blizzards, and diseases. Not everybody agrees on how many people died on the trip. Some say 2,000 and others say 6,000, but most say about 4,000 people died. This was one out of every four people in the Cherokee population. They died from diseases like pneumonia, from freezing to death, from drinking bad water, and from other causes. About half of them died in camps, and the other half during the trip.

It is said that many Cherokees sang a Cherokee version of the song Amazing Grace, which became a kind of anthem for the Cherokee nation.

Finally the Cherokee who were still alive arrived in what is now Oklahoma.

There were different routes the Cherokees took. Some were by land and others by water. Some boats were destroyed, which was a danger on water routes. On the ground, people had to walk through mud and cold weather and it was harder walking on land.

This route was taken by three groups, in total 2,800 Cherokees. The first group left on June 6 and reached the territory after 13 days. All groups started at Ross's Landing at the Tennessee River. They used boats to travel to the Ohio River. They then took this river southward, which took them to the Mississippi River. From there they moved through the Arkansas River westwards. They arrived near Fort Coffee, Oklahoma. The second and third group had a lot of problems with diseases, so their trip took longer.

All others took land routes. They traveled in groups with a size of 700-1,600 people, all led by conductors chosen by John Ross, except for those, who signed the Treaty of New Enchota. They were led by United States soldiers. They usually took the southern route, and John Ross' groups the northern route. Both sides used already existing "roads". Most Cherokees took the northern route. The route lead through central Tennessee, southwestern Kentucky, and southern Illinois. The groups crossed the Mississippi north of Cape Girardeau, Missouri, then traveled through southern Missouri and west of Arkansas. Many died because of diseases, lack of water and bad road conditions. All land routes usually ended near Westville, Oklahoma. There were many more different land routes only taken by few people. These routes cover more than 2,200 miles in 9 states.



Tropical cyclogenesis

Tropical cyclogenesis is a meteorological word used to describe tropical cyclone formation, and its strengthening over the atmosphere. Tropical cyclogenesis happens when the development of a warm-core cyclone, is associated with a lot of convection in a favorable atmospheric environment. Usually, about 86 tropical cyclones of tropical storm strength form worldwide every year, with 47 reaching hurricane/typhoon strength, and 20 becoming strong tropical cyclones (at least Category 3 intensity on the Saffir-Simpson Hurricane Scale).



Archbishop

In Christianity, an archbishop is an important bishop. The jurisdiction or area governed of an archbishop; an archdiocese; is called an archbishopric. In the Catholic Church, when a bishop becomes an archbishop, he is not given any more Holy Orders or any other sacrament. The word comes from the Greek αρχι, which means "first" or "chief", and επισκοπος, which means "over-seer" or "supervisor".

Devolution

Devolution is when a central government transfers powers to a local government. It is sometimes called "Home Rule" or decentralisation.

In the United Kingdom devolution has happened in Wales, Scotland and Northern Ireland. Each of these three countries now has an elected legislature which can pass some laws and a government to administer those laws and propose new ones.

These bodies are called


England does not currently have its own parliament, but there have been increasing calls today for one.

Devolved assemblies depend on the parent body. The British government could change its mind and abolish the devolved assemblies. This happened in 1972 to the government and parliament of Northern Ireland. It had been set up in 1920, with the parliament of Southern Ireland.

This is different from a federal country. In a federal country like Germany the states, and their powers, exist because of the constitution, not because of the national parliament.


5566 (band)

5566 is a Taiwanese boy-band. The name of the band comes from the fact that there were originally five members, who worked in six areas of media and entertainment. These six areas are singing, acting, television hosting, modeling, CMs and dancing. They are signed under the record labels Jungiery Star. and Avex 

5566 is made up of Tony Sun (lead singer), Jason Hsu, Sam Wang, Zax Wang and formerly, Rio Peng.

5566's members not only work together as one, but they also work separately. For example, Sam Wang is also a member of 183 Club. Tony Sun and Zax Wang are actors in many television programmes, while Jason Hsu has been in many promotional campaigns.

Each of 5566's members has had some success before joining to make one band.

Tony Sun had released some solo albums in Taiwan dialect in the 1990s. They were quite well received. He was even called the "Taiwanese little champion." However, his lost a bit of popularity when he had to do military service.

Zax Wang was a member of POSTM3N.

Sam Wang was a national soccer player and a model. He is a member of another Taiwanese boyband, 183 Club.

Jason Hsu was at first "obese and unpopular in high school". However, he started appearing in several CMs when he lost weight.

In 2002, 5566's first appearance and sudden rise to popularity has been a controversial topic. They showcased their multiple talents in their first interview, yet their hard work was not respected, drawing lots of criticism and earning them a negative nickname, "Turkey." Their first TV series "My MVP Valentine" aired on local television, starring the band as the lead roles. The show exceeded expectations by having a higher viewership rating than several drama shows at the time. Not only did this drama help skyrocket 5566 to fame, it was also the driving force behind the careers of Angela Zhang and Johnny Yan.

Due to a serious injury while filming a variety show, Rio Peng temporary pulled out from group activities to recover. Although the remaining 5566 members confirmed that Peng was still part of the group, Peng eventually left, forming his own management company, Wingman Entertainment.

In December of the same year, 5566 released their first album, which sold 240,000 copies in Taiwan. Because the album was re-released in two additional versions, 5566 became infamous for regularly repackaging their albums. This holds true till today; "Westside Story OST" and "Top of the Forbidden City OST" are the only two albums that remain unrepackaged.

The members of the band are said to have disrespectful behaviour. The band has also been accused of having "most of their songs" as cover versions, "showing no originality and no talent in their song-writing." On the Internet, many debates have been created surrounding the band.

Some believe that the controversy was created to increase media attention and fame.

5566 have released the following Mandarin-language albums:


Fahrenheit (band)

Fahrenheit (Traditional Chinese: 飛輪海; Pinyin: Fēi Lún Hǎi) is a Taiwanese boy band. Fahrenheit has been a great success around Asia, particularly in Taiwan, China and Hong Kong, Singapore, Malaysia and Japan. The group has four members: Calvin Chen, Jiro Wang, Wu Zun and Aaron Yan. They record albums with HIM International Music record label.

The name Fahrenheit comes from each of the members representing a season or temperature matching their different personalities. Calvin Chen represents spring, warmth; Jiro Wang represents summer, hot; Wu Zun represents autumn, cool; and Aaron Yan represents winter, cold. Each of the four members also has a temperature symbolising them on the Fahrenheit scale: Calvin is at 77 degrees, Jiro is at 95 degrees, Wu is at 59 degrees and Aaron is at 41 degrees.

Wu was born and raised in Brunei for most of his life, later graduating at RMIT in Melbourne, Australia. He was entered the entertainment business while on a trip to Taiwan, when a television producer discovered him during this trip and recommended him to play the lead male role of Tokyo Juliet, which he accepted.

Aaron moved to New York, United States at a young age but later returned to Taiwan for high school and college at Chinese Culture University. Around early 2005, Comic producers had been searching for good bloggers on the Internet. They discovered him, who at that time, was popular online, and thus recommended him to go casting for a role in a TV show.

After Calvin finished high school in Taiwan, he studied in university in Canada, where he completed his master's degree in Economics at University of Victoria. He then further continued his life in Vancouver by joining the pageant-like competition Sunshine Boyz, where he won first place with a free ticket to Taiwan and a contract with a music company, as well as a role in a TV drama.

Jiro graduated in Taiwan's Fu-Shin College. He was first asked to join the entertainment industry from a singing competition. But he failed to release an album because of company difficulties, so he decided to continue his career in the industry by working backstage, mainly in fashion designing and modeling. He was approached again around 2004, when his acting career began.

Although unsure at first, Fahrenheit first gained great fame around 2005 when all of the members first starred in the series KO One on television in Taiwan. Because it felt awkward to have only three members in a boyband, Wu Zun joined the group later in late 2005. On 28 December 2005, Fahrenheit officially became a quartet boy band.



Laborschule Bielefeld

Laborschule Bielefeld (Laboratory school Bielefeld) is school in Bielefeld, North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany. The school was created in 1974. It is based on the ideas of Hartmut von Hentig. Laborschule Bielefeld tries new ways of teaching. The University of Bielefeld runs the school.

Laborschule Bielefeld has students from grade 0 through grade 10. Each grade has 60 students in it with a total of 660 students in the school. Laborschule Bielefeld does not group children by age. It groups them by level of learning. In that way, there are groups of children of different ages that are together to learn. Only students in grades nine and ten get written marks for their work.

The school was rated with a PISA-Test. The test showed that students at the school were generally better at reading and in sciences than students of the same age who went to other schools.

Jody Scheckter

Jody David Scheckter (born January 29, 1950) is a South African former auto racing driver. He won the Formula One drivers' title in 1979 driving for Ferrari.

He is only South African to win the Formula One Championship. He is of Jewish descent.

Programme for International Student Assessment

The Programme for International Student Assessment is a test done by the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD). It is done every 3 years. In the test, 15-year-old schoolchildren are tested in different subjects. Their grades can then be compared. It is used to say that a certain school (or schooling system) does better or worse than a different one, on a certain subject. 


Doris Lessing

Doris Lessing (Doris May Tayler, 22 October 1919 – 17 November 2013) was a British writer. In 2007, she was awarded the Nobel Prize in Literature. Reporters told Doris that she had won the Nobel prize and they asked her "Are you not surprised?". She said she had already "won every other European literature prize" so winning prizes was normal.

Lessing was born in Iran on 22 October 1919. Her parents were both English. They met at the Royal Free Hospital. Her father, Captain Alfred Tayler, was a patient because he had lost his leg in World War I. Her mother, Emily Maude Tayler (maiden name McVeagh), was a nurse.

Alfred Tayler and his wife moved to Kermanshah, Iran. He started a job there as a clerk for the Imperial Bank of Persia. Doris was born here in 1919. Later, the family moved to the British colony of Southern Rhodesia (now called Zimbabwe) in 1925 to farm maize.

Lessing studied at the Dominican Convent High School in Salisbury (now Harare). It was a Roman Catholic convent school for girls. She left school aged 14, and taught herself after that. She left home at 15 and worked as a nursemaid. She started reading about politics and sociology and began writing around this time. In 1937, Lessing moved to Salisbury to work as a telephone operator. She soon married her first husband, Frank Wisdom. They had two children (John and Jean), before the marriage ended in 1943. She took care of future author Jenny Diski after her parents abused her. Diski lived with Lessing for four years in London.

After her divorce, Lessing became more involved with members of the Left Book Club. She had joined this communist book club the year before. She met her second husband, Gottfried Lessing there. They married soon after she joined the group, and had a child named Peter. This marriage ended in divorce in 1949. Gottfried Lessing later became the East German ambassador to Uganda. He was murdered in the 1979 rebellion against Idi Amin Dada.

She went to London to pursue her writing career and communist ideals. Lessing left two young children with their father in South Africa. Peter, from her second marriage, went with her. She later said that she thought she had no choice at that time. She felt she had done the best she could and that she was not the best person to raise the children. She would have been very frustrated like her mother had been because it was diificult for an intelligent woman to spend all of her time with young children.

The largest collection of Lessing's writing is at the Harry Ransom Humanities Research Center, at the University of Texas at Austin. There are 45 boxes of Lessing's materials at the Ransom Center that contain nearly all of her available manuscripts and typescripts up to 1999. Lessing kept none of the originals of her early manuscripts. Other institutions, including the McFarlin Library at the University of Tulsa, hold smaller collections.

During the late 1990s, Lessing suffered a stroke which stopped her from travelling during her later years and focused her mind on death. Lessing died on 17 November 2013 at her home in London, aged 94.



An Najaf

Najaf (; Transliterated: An Najaf; ) is a city in Iraq. It is about 160 km south of Baghdad. In 2008, about 900.583 people lived there. The city is the capital of Najaf province. It is one of the seven holy cities of Shi'a Islam. It is the center of Shia political power in Iraq.

The city is home to the Imam Ali Mosque, where Alī ibn Abī Ṭālib, the fourth caliph is buried. Shia Muslims consider the mosque to be the third holiest Islamic site.

Hārūn ar-Rashīd founded the city on the site of Alī ibn Abī Ṭālib's grave in the 8th century.

Najaf was badly damaged during the Iran-Iraq War and the Gulf War. In 1991, there was a Shiite uprising in Najaf, which was suppressed by Saddam Hussein. This conflict caused many deaths, there are mass graves around the city. In 2003, a suicide bombing caused widespread damage. 120 people died, including the moderate imam Muhammad Baqir al-Hakim.

In April 2004, forces of Muqtada as-Sadr captured the city, as well as the city of Kut. Before the 2004 elections, a part of the occupying forces left the city.

This mosque is the most important Shi'a mosque in Iraq. The city is now a great center of pilgrimage from throughout the Shi'a Islamic world. It is estimated that only Mecca and Medina receive more Muslim pilgrims. Shia Islam's second most important figure is buried in Najaf. the Imam Ali Mosque is considered by Shias as the third holiest Islamic site.

The Imam Ali Mosque is housed in a grand structure with a gold gilded dome and many precious objects in the walls. Nearby is the Wadi-us-Salaam cemetery, reputed to be the largest in the world. It contains the tombs of several prophets and many of the devout from around the world aspire to be buried there, to be raised from the dead with Imām Alī on Judgement Day. Over the centuries, numerous hospices, schools, libraries and Sufi convents were built around the shrine to make the city the centre of Shīʻa learning and theology.

The Najaf seminary is one of the most important teaching centres in the Islamic world. Ayatollah Khomeini lectured there from 1964 to1978.
Many of the leading figures of the new Islamic movement that emerged in Iraq, Iran and Lebanon in the 1970s studied at Najaf.

Karbala

Karbala (Arabic:كربلاء; Transliterated:Al Karbala; also known as Karbala al-Muqaddasah, in the West, sometimes spelled Kerbela) is a city in Iraq. It is about 100 km southwest of Baghdad. It is the capital of Karbala Province. For Shi'a Muslims the city is one of the holiest cities, after Mecca, Medina, Jerusalem, and Najaf. As of 2024, Karbala has a population of 1 million people who identify as Shia.

Are You Smarter Than a 5th Grader?

Are You Smarter Than A Fifth Grader? is a television game show based on asking grade-school level questions to adults. The format started with the United States version, which first aired on FOX in February 2007. The show was created by Mark Burnett, the same person behind the hit show "Survivor". The show has since been made in many other countries; some use the same title, and some use different titles. 

In Australia, the show is on the Ten Network. The top prize is AU$500,000.

A syndicated version of the show aired in the United States from September 2009 to March 2011. Contestants answer eight questions (ten in Season 1), and can answer a 5th grade bonus question for ten times the amount they earned from those questions. Unlike other versions of the show, the game does not end after a wrong answer. Instead, the contestant loses their earnings up to that point.

Washington State University

Washington State University is a university in the U.S. state of Washington. It is a land-grant university in Pullman. It is also the original and largest land-grant university in the state. The university was founded on March 28, 1890. Their team is the Washington State Cougars.

Land-grant university

A land-grant university is a college or university first built on land the United States government owned. They were made so that more people could go to college, and to do research that helps farmers. Every state has at least one.

Pullman, Washington

Pullman is a city in Whitman County, on the eastern border of Washington. The town's population was measured in 2000 as 24,675.

The main campus of Washington State University is located in Pullman, along with primary and secondary schools.

Vought F-8 Crusader

The F-8 Crusader was an American fighter plane made by Vought. It first flew in 1955, and went into the Navy and Marine corps in 1957. It was the only fighter plane in the Vietnam War to have both guns and missiles on it. It was slowly replaced by the F-4 Phantom II and was retired in 1999. There was also a different type of it called the RF-8 Crusader, meant for spying. It also took the pictures of Soviet missiles during the Cuban Missile Crisis.


LTV A-7 Corsair II

The A-7 Corsair II was an attack plane like the F-8 Crusader. It was made by Ling-Temco-Vought. It first flew in 1965, and went into militaries in 1967. It can take off from aircraft carriers, and can carry bombs meant to destroy enemies on the ground.Later the Corsair ll was replaced by the F/A-18 Hornet.

Note that it is called the "Corsair II" because there was an airplane called the F4U Corsair.


McDonnell Douglas F-4 Phantom II

The F-4 Phantom II is an American fighter-bomber. It was mainly used during the Vietnam War. It was first flown in 1958 and was shown in 1960. The plane could carry four AIM-9 Sidewinder missiles and four long range AIM-7 Sparrow missiles, but it did not have a gun. Later, the E model had a cannon mounted on it. After the F-15 Eagle replaced it, it was used as a bomber and the G model was used as a Wild Weasel. It is currently used by countries such as Turkey and Iran. 


Kappa (folklore)

The Kappa (also called Kawatarou, Kawako, Kawaranbe, Gatarō) is a character in Japanese folklore. It is water spirit ("yōkai") that is responsible for mischief. The Kappa is said to be the size of a 6 to 10-year-old boy. It has the body of a tortoise and an ape-like head. The most notable thing about its body is a hole in its head that holds the kappa's strength giving water. They are said to live off of blood and to drain the life out of people. They are known for innocent pranks such as theft, but it is also said that they will rape women and eat children. The only things kappas enjoy more than children are cucumbers. To write a name on a cucumber and to throw it into a river is said to save that person from being eaten by the kappa.

Bowser (known as "Kuppa" in Japan), the main antagonist of the popular Nintendo's "Mario" videogame series, was based on the creature.


Oni (folklore)

An Oni is a creature from Japanese folklore. They are described as large monsters who resemble ogres, trolls and demons. Sometimes they are described with horns usually wearing a jaguar skin loincloth and are very masculine.

Tengu

Tengu are a group of creatures from Japanese folklore. They are recognized for either a bird-like appearance or occasionally a human with a large nose or beak.

John McCain

John Sidney McCain III (born August 29, 1936) was an American politician. He was a United States Senator from Arizona. McCain was the Republican Party's candidate in the 2008 United States presidential election. McCain married businesswoman Cindy McCain in 1980.

McCain's father and grandfather had been Admirals in the United States Navy. His great-great-grandfather was a slave owner in Mississippi. He served as a naval aviator during the Vietnam War. When his plane was shot down, he was captured by the North Vietnamese military. He was a prisoner of war with Colonel and future Washington State Senator Leo K. Thorsness for more than five years. During that time, he was tortured.

In 1982, McCain was elected to the United States House of Representatives. He represented Arizona. In 1987, he became a U.S. Senator for Arizona. In 2000, McCain tried to be the Republican Party candidate for President of the United States, but George W. Bush was chosen. In 2008, he was chosen as the Republican candidate. His running mate was Sarah Palin. He opposed several foreign policies of the Obama administration. On November 4, 2008, he lost to Barack Obama.

McCain was popular for his support of the Arab Spring, protests and uprisings inside the Arab World, and protests outside those regions like many Russian protests. He said that the recent protests were worldwide and he encouraged intervention in the Syrian civil war.

In July 2017, McCain under went surgery to remove a blood clot, causing Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell to delay a vote on the Better Care Reconciliation act to replace Obamacare. On July 19, 2017, it was announced McCain had glioblastoma, an aggressive brain cancer.

On April 15, 2018, he underwent surgery for an infection complicated by diverticulitis and the following day was reported to be in stable condition.

On August 24, 2018, McCain's family announced that he was stopping treatment for his brain cancer. McCain died the next day at his home in Cornville, Arizona, four days before his 82nd birthday.

After McCain's death, Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer (D-NY) announced that he would introduce a resolution to rename the Russell Senate Office Building after McCain.

WikiHow

wikiHow is a wiki-based website with a collection of articles which tell people how to do things. The site uses version 1.12.0 of MediaWiki. As of August 2017, wikiHow contains more than 190,000 free how-to articles and over 1.6 million registered users. wikiHow's mission is to create the world's largest collection of how-to information. In May 2011, wikiHow had 36 million unique readers.

In January 2005, Jack Herrick and Josh Hannah started wikiHow. On April 28, 2006, wikiHow was launched on its own www.wikihow.com domain.

wikiHow's censorship policy "usually" does not allow articles about things that:

Some people complain that this does not support the idea behind an educational resource.


Cebu City

Cebu City is a metropolis. It is one of the largest cities in the Philippines. It is the capital of Cebu Province.

It is often called the "Queen City of the South". Cebu is the main center of Christianity in the Philippines. The city has a lot of interesting history. Cebu was a fishing village and busy trading port in 1521 when the famous explorer Ferdinand Magellan visited it and died there. The center of the city has become modern and is well developed. There are also 44 smaller towns. Cebu has recently become the favorite tourist spot of the country.

Oregano

Oregano ("Origanum vulgare"), also known as pot marjoram, is a species of "Origanum". It is native to Europe, the Mediterranean region and southern and central Asia. It is a perennial herb. It can grow to 20–80 cm tall. Its leaves are opposite each other. They are 1–4 cm long. The flowers are purple. They can grow 3–4 mm long. The name of the plant comes from the Greek "origanon" [ὀρίγανον]: oros [ὄρος] “mountain” and the verb "ganousthai" [γανοῦσθαι] “delight in”. 

The subspecies of oregano "Origanum vulgare hirtum" is an important herb. It is used for cooking, especially in Turkish cuisine and Italian cuisines. The leaves are used for cooking.

Oregano is often used for tomato sauces, fried vegetables and grilled meat. Together with basil, it adds much to the special character of many Italian dishes.

Oregano is an ingredient needed for Turkish cuisine. It adds flavour to the Turkish choban salad. It can be used separately. It can also be added to the lemon-olive oil sauce that goes with almost every fish or meat barbecues and some casseroles.

Oregano has an aromatic, warm and slightly bitter taste. The taste varies in intensity; good quality is so strong that it almost numbs the tongue, but the cultivars adapted to colder climates have often unsatisfactory flavour. The influence of climate, season and soil on the composition of the essential oil is bigger than the difference between the various species.

The related species "Origanum onites" (Turkey, Asia Minor) and "O. heracleoticum" (Italy, Balkan peninsula, West Asia) have similar flavours. A closely related plant is marjoram from Asia Minor. That plant has a completely different taste. This is because phenolic compounds are missing in its essential oil. Some breeds show a flavour intermediate between oregano and marjoram. The Oregano plant is also commonly found in the mediterranean region, and the black sea.


Origanum

Origanum is a genus of herbs. They are native to the Mediterranean and Asia. well-known members include Oregano and Marjoram. Some of the species are used by the larvae of some Lepidoptera species.

Basil

Basil ("Ocimum basilicum") ( or ) is a plant of the Family Lamiaceae. It is also known as Sweet Basil or Tulsi. It is a tender low-growing herb that is grown as a perennial in warm, tropical climates. Basil is originally native to India and other tropical regions of Asia. It has been cultivated there for more than 5,000 years. It is prominently featured in many cuisines throughout the world. Some of them are Italian, Thai, Vietnamese and Laotian cuisines. It grows to between 30–60 cm tall. It has light green, silky leaves 3–5 cm long and 1–3 cm broad. The leaves are opposite each other. The flowers are quite big. They are white in color and arranged as a spike. Is the Medicinal plant. 

The plant tastes somewhat like anise, with a strong, pungent, sweet smell. Basil is very sensitive to cold. It is best grown in hot, dry conditions. While most common varieties are treated as annuals, some are perennial, including African Blue and Holy Thai basil. 

The word "basil" comes from the Greek βασιλεύς ("basileus"), meaning "royal". This is because it is believed to have grown above the spot where St. Constantine and Helen discovered the Holy Cross. The "Oxford English Dictionary" quotes speculations that basil may have been used in "some royal unguent, bath, or medicine". Basil is still considered the "king of herbs" by many cookery authors. An alternative etymology has "basil" coming from the Latin word "basilicus", meaning dragon and being the root for basilisk, but this likely was a linguistic reworking of the word as brought from Greece.

Most of the time, Basil should be used fresh. In recipes it is generally added at the last moment. Cooking it quickly destroys the meal. The fresh herb can be kept for a short time in plastic bags in the refrigerator. Using a freezer will allow for it to be kept a longer time. In both cases, it needs being blanched quickly in boiling water. The dried herb also loses most of its flavour, and what little flavour remains tastes very different, with a weak coumarin flavour, like hay.

Mediterranean and Indochinese cuisines frequently use basil. In Mediterranean cuisines it is often combined with tomato. Basil is one of the main ingredients in pesto—a green Italian oil-and-herb sauce from the city of Genoa. The other two main ingredients of Pesto are olive oil and pine nuts. The most commonly used Mediterranean basil cultivars are "Genovese", "Purple Ruffles", "Mammoth", "Cinnamon", "Lemon", "Globe", and "African Blue". Chinese also use fresh or dried basils in soups and other foods. In Taiwan, people add fresh basil leaves into thick soups (羹湯; gēngtāng). They also eat fried chicken with deep-fried basil leaves.

Basil is sometimes used with fresh fruit and in fruit jams and sauces. Most commonly this is done with strawberries, but also raspberries or dark-colored plums. Some people say that the flat-leaf basil used in Vietnamese cooking is more suitable for use with fruit.

When soaked in water the seeds of several basil varieties become gelatinous. They are used in Asian drinks and desserts such as falooda or sherbet. Such seeds are known variously as "sabja", "subja", "takmaria", "tukmaria", "falooda", or "hột é". They are used for their medicinal properties in Ayurveda, the traditional medicinal system of India.

Several other basils, including some other "Ocimum" species, are grown in many regions of Asia. Most of the Asian basils have a clove-like flavour that is generally stronger than the Mediterranean basils. In China, the local cultivar is called 九層塔 ("jiǔcéngtǎ"; literally "nine-level pagoda"), while the imported varieties are specifically called 羅勒 ("luólè") or 巴西里 ("bāxīlǐ"), although [巴西里] often refers to another different kind plant—parsley.

'Lemon basil' has a strong lemony smell and flavour very different from those of other varieties because it contains a chemical called citral. It is widely used in Indonesia, where it is called "kemangi" and served raw, together with raw cabbage, green beans, and cucumber, as an accompaniment to fried fish or duck. Its flowers, broken up, are a zesty salad condiment.

Basil grows well in hot weather. It behaves like an annual if there is any chance of a frost. In Northern Europe, the northern states of the U.S., and the South Island of New Zealand it will grow best if sown under glass in a peat pot. It can be planted out in late spring/early summer, when there is little risk of frost. It fares best in a well-drained sunny spot.

Although basil will grow best outdoors, it can be grown indoors in a pot. Like most herbs, it will do best on a south-facing windowsill (in the Northern Hemisphere). It should be kept away from extremely cold drafts. It grows best in strong sunlight. A greenhouse or cloche is ideal if available. Basil plants can even be grown in a basement, under fluorescent lights.

If its leaves have wilted from lack of water, it will recover if watered thoroughly and placed in a sunny location. Yellow leaves towards the bottom of the plant are an indication that the plant needs more sunlight or less fertilizer.

In sunnier climates such as Southern Europe, the southern states of the U.S., the North Island of New Zealand, and Australia, basil will thrive when planted outside. It also thrives over the summertime in the central and northern United States, but dies out when temperatures reach freezing point, to grow again the next year if allowed to go to seed. It will need regular watering, but not as much attention as is needed in other climates.

Basil can also be propagated very reliably from cuttings in exactly the same manner as "Busy Lizzie" (Impatiens), with the stems of short cuttings suspended for two weeks or so in water until roots develop.

If a stem successfully produces mature flowers, leaf production slows or stops on any stem which flowers, the stem becomes woody, and essential oil production declines.To prevent this, a basil-grower may pinch off any flower stems before they are fully mature. Because only the blooming stem is so affected, some can be pinched for leaf production, while others are left to bloom for decoration or seeds. 

Once the plant is allowed to flower, it may produce seed pods containing small black seeds. These can be saved and planted the following year. Picking the leaves off the plant helps "promote growth", largely because the plant responds by converting pairs of leaflets next to the topmost leaves into new stems.

Basil suffers from several plant diseases that can ruin the crop and reduce yield. Fusarium wilt is a soilbourne fungal disease that will quickly kill younger basil plants. Seedlings may also be killed by Pythium damping off. 

A common foliar disease of basil is gray mold caused by "Botrytis cinerea", can also cause infections post-harvest and is capable of killing the entire plant. Black spot can also be seen on basil foliage and is caused by the fungi genus "Colletotrichum".

Basil, like other aromatic plants such as fennel and tarragon, contains estragole, a known carcinogen and teratogen in rats and mice. While human effects are currently unstudied, the rodent experiments indicate that it would take 100–1000 times the normal anticipated exposure to become a cancer risk.

There are many rituals and beliefs associated with basil. The French call basil ""herbe royale"". Jewish folklore suggests it adds strength while fasting. It is a symbol of love in present-day Italy, but represented hatred in ancient Greece, and European lore sometimes claims that basil is a symbol of Satan. African legend claims that basil protects against scorpions, while the English botanist Culpeper cites one "Hilarius, a French physician" as affirming it as common knowledge that smelling basil too much would breed scorpions in the brain.

Holy Basil, also called 'Tulsi', is highly revered in Hinduism and also has religious significance in the Greek Orthodox Church, where it is used to prepare holy water. It is said to have been found around Christ's tomb after his resurrection. The Serbian Orthodox Church, Macedonian Orthodox Church and Romanian Orthodox Church use basil (Macedonian: "босилек"; Romanian: "busuioc", Serbian: "босиљак") to prepare holy water and pots of basil are often placed below church altars.

In Europe, they place basil in the hands of the dead to ensure a safe journey. In India, they place it in the mouth of the dying to ensure they reach God. The ancient Egyptians and ancient Greeks believed that it would open the gates of heaven for a person passing on. 

In Boccaccio's "Decameron" a memorably morbid tale (novella V) tells of Lisabetta, whose brothers slay her lover. He appears to her in a dream and shows her where he is buried. She secretly disinters the head, and sets it in a pot of basil, which she waters with her daily tears. The pot being taken from her by her brothers, she dies of her grief not long after. Boccaccio's tale is the source of John Keats' poem "Isabella or The Pot of Basil". A similar story is told of the Longobard queen Rosalind.



Cockapoo

A Cockapoo (also called a Spoodle or Cockerpoo) is a hybrid dog. It is a mix of an American Cocker Spaniel and a Poodle; (in most cases the Miniature Poodle or Toy Poodle), or by breeding a Cockapoo with another Cockapoo.

The Cockapoo has been around since 1950 and the first dictionary reference was a 1960 Oxford English Dictionary citation. Because it is a mixed breed, it is not recognised by purebred kennel clubs.


Short story

The short story is a genre of literature. It is usually fictional narrative prose and tends to be more direct and less-detailed than longer works of fiction, like novels.

Short stories are closely related to oral (spoken) story-telling traditions and prose anecdotes. They all develop the story very quickly and come to a conclusion quickly too.

Many authors today release their short stories together in a book, instead of one at a time. A short story can be written in only 10 words or less.

2014 Winter Olympics

The 2014 Winter Olympics, officially known as the XXII Olympic Winter Games, is the 22nd Games of the Winter Olympics. It is an international winter sports event that was held from February 7 to February 23, 2014. The host city was Sochi in Russia. It was chosen on July 4, 2007, during the 119th International Olympic Committee (IOC) meeting in Guatemala City, Guatemala. This was Russia's first time hosting the Winter Olympics (the Soviet Union hosted the 1980 Summer Games in Moscow though). These were also the first winter games in a subtropical city.

Fifteen winter sports were played in the 2014 Winter Olympics program. Sports included were ones that are generally played in the winter. They include skiing, ice skating, ice hockey, and curling. A total of twelve new events was contested to make it the largest Winter Olympics to date. The following sports were played:

Most of the stadiums will be built at a place called Sochi Olympic Park near the Black Sea coast All of the venues(stadiums) being used are new. The venues are near each other. This will provide a great compactness of the concept with the Olympic Stadium and all indoor venues of the Olympics will be gathered within walking distance.

Hoewever, some parts of the Olympics, mainly skiing and snowboarding, will take place away from the main area. These events will take place at Krasnaya Polyana (Mountain Cluster)
Rosa Khutor Plateau Olympic Village

The opening ceremony of the Games was held on 7 February 2014. It was held from 20:14 to 23:02 local time. The Games were officially opened by Vladimir Putin, the President of Russia. There was an audience of about 40,000 people. The performance part of the ceremony was mainly about Russian classical music. The pop duo t.A.T.u performed as well.

The site of the opening ceremony was Fisht Olympic Stadium. This was built just for the games. It will be used only for the opening and closing ceremonies.

In 2013, a law against 'homosexual propaganda' was made in Russia. Cher chose not to perform at the Winter Olympics because of the law.
On 27 January 2014, the mayor of Sochi said that there are no gay people living in Sochi.
On the first day of the Olympics, 7 February 2014, four gay rights activists were arrested in St Petersburg, including one pregnant woman.

Organizers received several threats prior to the Games. In a July 2013 video release, Chechen Islamist commander Dokka Umarov called for attacks on the Games, stating that the Games were being staged "on the bones of many, many Muslims killed ...and buried on our lands extending to the Red Sea."

Threats were received from the group Vilayat Dagestan, which had claimed responsibility for the Volgograd bombings under the demands of Umarov, and a number of National Olympic Committees had also received threats via e-mail, threatening that terrorists would kidnap or "blow up" athletes during the Games. However, while the IOC did state that the letters "[contained] no threat and appears to be a random message from a member of the public", the U.S. ski and snowboarding teams hired a private security agency to provide additional protection during the Games.

1944 Winter Olympics

The 1944 Winter Olympics, officially known as the V Olympic Winter Games, were not held.

The games would have been held in 1944 in Cortina d'Ampezzo, Italy. Cortina d'Ampezzo had won the right to host the event in June 1939.

The games were cancelled because of World War II.


1940 Winter Olympics

The 1940 Winter Olympics, officially known as the V Olympic Winter Games, were not held.

The games were planned to be in Sapporo, Japan, but the Japanese organisers withdrew in 1938 because of the Second Sino-Japanese War.

The IOC decided to give the Winter Olympics to St. Moritz, Switzerland. There were some problems between the Swiss organisers and the IOC so the Games were cancelled again. The IOC then gave the 1940 Winter Olympics to Garmisch-Partenkirchen, Germany. Garmisch-Partenkirchen had hosted the 1936 Winter Olympics. The Games were to be held from February 2 - 11 1940.

The games were cancelled because of World War II.


Alonso Berruguete

Alonso González de Berruguete (Alonso Berruguete) (c. 1488 – 1561) was a Spanish painter, sculptor and architect. He is considered to be the most important sculptor of the Spanish Renaissance, and is known for his emotive sculptures, which had religious meanings.

Alonso Sánchez Coello

Alonso Sánchez Coello ( 1531/32 – 8 August 1588) was a portrait painter of the Spanish Renaissance. He was one of the pioneers of the great tradition of Spanish portrait painting.

Western European Union

The Western European Union (WEU) was a European defence and security organization. It was set up by Treaty of Brussels of 1948, West Germany and Italy joined in 1954. It should not be confused with the European Union (EU). The WEU headquarters were in Brussels. After the Cold War its functions were gradually transferred to the European Union and the Council of Europe. It was dissolved on 31 March 2011.

The Treaty of Brussels was signed by the United Kingdom, France, Belgium, Luxembourg, and the Netherlands on March 17, 1948. It was changed on October 23, 1954 when West Germany and Italy joined. 

The WEU's three main aims are:

The WEU was led by a Council of Ministers, helped by a Council of Permanent Representatives (ambassadors). The Parliamentary Assembly eventually had the same members as the Parliamentary Assembly of the Council of Europe). Social and cultural activities were handed to the Council of Europe to avoid duplication.


Guy Fawkes Night

Guy Fawkes Night (also known as Bonfire Night) is a firework festival in Britain. It remembers the Gunpowder Plot of 5 November 1605. 

National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration

The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) is a scientific agency of the United States government that monitors the oceans surrounding the United States and the atmosphere. NOAA warns people about dangerous weather, charts seas and sky, guides the use and protection of ocean and coastal resources, and conducts research to help understanding and stewardship of the environment. In addition to its civilian employees, NOAA research and operations are supported by 300 uniformed service members who make up the NOAA Corps.


Tracey Ullman

Dame Tracey Ullman, (born 30 December 1959) is a British-American comedian, actress, singer, dancer, screenwriter and author. She is most famous for being the host of her variety television show, "The Tracey Ullman Show".

Ullman was born in Buckinghamshire. She emigrated to the U.S. and ended up having her own network television series, "The Tracey Ullman Show", from which "The Simpsons" was spun off in 1989.

She was the voice of Little Lulu for a while.

The Tracey Ullman Show

The Tracey Ullman Show was a weekly American television variety show, hosted by British comedian and former pop singer Tracey Ullman. It debuted on April 5, 1987 as the FOX network's second primetime series (after "Married... with Children"), and ran until May 26, 1990. The show featured sketch comedy along with many musical numbers, featuring Emmy Award-winning choreography by Paula Abdul. It also produced the hugely successful spin-off, "The Simpsons".


Joaquín Sorolla

Joaquín Sorolla y Bastida (February 27, 1863 – August 10, 1923), was a Spanish painter, born in Valencia. He excelled in the painting of portraits, landscapes, and large works of social and historical themes. His most typical works are skillful pictures of the people and landscape under the Spanish sun.

Laienspiegel

The work commonly referred to as Laienspiegel is a book of law. It was published in Mainz, in 1509. Its full title is "Laijen Spiegel. von rechtmässigen ordnungen in Burgerlichen vnd peinlichen regimenten. mit allegation[en] vn[d] bewerungen auß geschribnen rechten vnnd gesatzen". This can be roughly translated as "A layman's guide, of the correct order of civil and criminal regiments, with illustrations of written rights and laws.". It was written by Ulrich Tengler, and published by Sebastian Brant. There was a second edition in 1511. The work was very important, there were 14 editions of it in the 16th century.

The work is divided in three parts. It contains private law, criminal law, and law of the public institutions. The publication is much like the Klagspiegel of 1436. Other similar works are the Malleus Maleficarum of the 13th century, and the Constitutio Criminalis Bambergensis.


Berlin Blockade

The Berlin Blockade was from 24 June 1948 to 11 May 1949. It began when the Soviet Union "blocked" railway and road access by the three Western powers (the Americans, British, and French) to the Western-occupied sectors of Berlin. The blockade stopped after the Western powers used airplanes to airlift food and other things that people needed.

The Soviet Union began the blockade because they thought that monetary reform in the three German Occupation zones controlled by the Western powers which started on 21 June 1948 made the western parts of Germany too strong and wanted to force the west out of their occupation zone. 

When the Allied Powers met at Potsdam they agreed to divide Germany into four occupation zones, American, British, Soviet, and French. They divided Berlin into four zones as well. Berlin was surrounded by the Soviet occupation zone, so the only way to get to the three western controlled sectors was driving through Soviet-controlled territory.

The Soviet Union began the blockade because they thought the western half of Germany (controlled by the UK, USA and France) was becoming too strong, because one currency had recently been introduced throughout the entire western half - the Deutsche Mark. The Soviets were worried that a single currency would help the economy of the western half recovered quickly from the damage caused by the Second World War, and that this stronger western half would eventually develop into a country (it eventually did, called West Germany). The Russians wanted one Germany, without an army, that they could easily control. The Nazi invasion of the Soviet Union had killed one in seven Soviet people, and the Soviets feared that Britain, France and America might try to launch their own invasion at some point in the future. They therefore wanted as much land between them and France as possible, so that any major war would be fought in central Europe, and not in the Soviet Union where Soviet civilians might be killed (which is what had happened during WWII). 

Germany also has lots of coal and iron near its border with France. The Soviets wanted to use the coal and steel to help rebuild their own country, but these resources would be difficult to access if the western half of Germany turned into a capitalist country that was allied to Britain, France, and the USA. If Germany was a single neutral country, gaining access to these resources would be easier because Germany could be bullied by the Soviet Union.

On 24 June 1948, the Soviet Union blocked access to the three Western-held sectors of Berlin. They cut off all rail and road routes going through Soviet-controlled territory in the United States. They also blocked routes by river and canal to the Baltic Sea. The Western powers had arranged a treaty with the Soviets guaranteeing the right to use the roads, railways and waterways.

The commander of the U.S. occupation zone in Germany, General Lucius D. Clay, wanted to send some tanks along the Autobahn from West Germany to West Berlin, with instructions to fire if they were stopped or attacked. President Truman said no, because that may start a war. Clay was told to ask General Curtis LeMay, commander of United States Air Forces in Europe, to see if an airlift was possible. General Albert Wedemeyer, the U.S. Army Chief of Staff, was in Europe when the blockade began. He had been commander of the American forces in India and China in 1944–45. He knew about the Allied airlift from India over "The Hump" of the Himalayas to China. He was in favour of starting an airlift.
The first flight of the airlift was thirty-two C-47 cargo planes on 26 June 1948. They carried 80 tons of cargo including milk, flour, and medicine.

So many things had to be flown into Berlin that aircraft took off every three minutes. If an aircraft missed its landing place it could not fly around the airfield and try again, it had to return to its base. This was easier and safer than holding up the aircraft following behind.

The Americans also recruited ex-Luftwaffe aircraft mechanics to help with maintenance, when the Allies realised that the blockade was going to last longer than the expected three weeks.

British, U.S., Australian, Canadian, New Zealand and South African pilots flew in the airlift. The French were fighting in their colonies in South-East Asia and could not spare many aeroplanes for the airlift. Instead they built a new and larger airport in its sector, on the shores of Lake Tegel. They completed the building in less than 90 days. Today it is the Berlin-Tegel International Airport.

Hundreds of aircraft, nicknamed "Rosinenbomber" ("raisin bombers") by Berliners, were used to fly in a wide variety of cargo, ranging from large containers to small packets of candy with tiny individual parachutes intended for the children of Berlin, were flown out of Berlin on return flights.

278,228 flights were made, and 2,326,406 tons of food and supplies, including more than 1.5 million tons of coal, were delivered to Berlin.

The USSR lifted its blockade at midnight, on 11 May 1949. But, the airlift did not end until 30 September 1949, because the Western states wanted to build up enough supplies in West Berlin in case the Soviets blockaded it again.

The three major Berlin airfields involved were Tempelhof, in the American Sector, RAF Gatow in the British and Tegel in the French. To keep everything safe, air traffic control was located at Tempelhof. A new four-power organization also started, Berlin Air Safety Center (BASC). BASC only closed down in 1990, when Germany was reunited and the ordinary German civilian air traffic control took over.

The British had about 150 C-47 Dakotas and 40 Avro Yorks. The RAF was also using 10 Short Sunderlands and later by Short Hythe flying boats. These flew Finkenwerder on the Elbe near Hamburg to the Havel river. The flying boats were designed to resist rust and water damage so were very useful for transporting bulk salt, which would have rusted the other planes. Many other aircraft were later used, and the British had flown in about 100,000 tons of cargo by the end of the blockade.

39 British and 31 U.S. pilots died during the blockade. There is a monument with their names in front of Tempelhof airport. Similar monuments can be found at the military airfield Wietzenbruch near Celle and at Rhein-Main Air Base
Tegel was developed into west Berlin's principal airport, and by 2007 had been joined by a redeveloped Berlin-Schoenefeld in Brandenburg. As a result of these two airports Tempelhof 1980s Schoenefeld had had its own crossing points through the Berlin Wall for western citizens.




Francisco Herrera the Younger

Francisco Herrera the Younger (Sevilla, 1622 - Madrid, 1685), was a Spanish Baroque painter and architect. His father was Francisco Herrera the Elder, also a painter.

Francisco Herrera the Elder

Francisco Herrera (1576-1656) was a distinguished Spanish painter, born at Seville. He was the founder of the Seville school. His son was Francisco Herrera the Younger, also a painter. 

Lancelet

The lancelets, also known as Cephalochordata or Leptocardii, are a group of primitive chordates which were formerly called "Amphioxus". It includes "Pikaia".

Lancelets are the modern survivors of an ancient chordate lineage, with a fossil record dating back to the Cambrian period. The lancelets are usually said to be the sister group of the craniates. They are a small group of about 30 species in two genera.

Lancelets are usually found buried in sand in shallow parts of temperate or tropical seas. In Asia, they are harvested commercially as food for humans and domesticated animals. They are an important object of study in zoology as they give indications about the origin of vertebrates.

Lancelets serve as an intriguing comparison point for tracing how vertebrates have evolved and adapted. Although lancelets split from vertebrates more than 520 million years ago, their genomes hold clues about evolution, particularly how vertebrates have employed old genes for new functions. They are regarded as similar to the archetypal vertebrate form.

The genome of the Florida lancelet ("Branchiostoma floridae") has been sequenced. "Most authors regard amphioxus as the closest relative of the Vertebrata on the basis of 10–15 [morphological] features that are not seen in tunicates".

Regional internet registry

A regional Internet registry (RIR) is an organization which is responsible for registering Internet numbers in a special part of the world.

There are 5 active RIRs in the world:


Anna Göldi

Anna Göldi (or Anna Göldin, Göldin is the female form of the name) (24 October 1734 - 13 June 1782) was probably the last person in Europe to be executed as a witch.

Göldin was born into a poor family and worked as a servant. She had two children. Her first child died shortly after being born, and Göldin was accused (and sentenced) for killing it. She later worked for a physician from Glarus, Jakob Tschudi, who was one of the richest and most influential people in the Canton of Glarus. When she worked there, small needles were found in the milk for one of the daughters of Tschudi. Additionally, Tschudi's relatives claimed that the daughter had spewn nails on several occasions.

For this reason, Göldin was accused of bewitching Tchudi's daughter. Under torture, she confessed that she had used the powers of the Devil. On 13 June 1782, she was sentenced to die by the sword, but the verdict did not mention witchcraft. The execution followed soon afterwards. After the execution, the paper trail was destroyed. Despite these efforts, the case created an uproar in other parts of Switzerland and in Germany because the public saw Göldin as an innocent victim.

Walter Hauser, a journalist, looked at sources that were not known to date. He thinks Göldin might have had an affair with her master, Johann Jakob Tschudin. During this affair, he might possibly have raped her. Adulterers were seen as unfit to hold a public office, at the time. For this reason, Tschudi may have decided to do away with Göldi. He initiated the trial for witchcraft, which ended in her execution.

Gertrud Pinkus made a film about Anna Göldin's life, in 1992. It is called "Anna Göldin - Letzte Hexe". In it Cornelia Kempers plays Anna Göldin.

In March 2007, both the government and the Church of Glarus refused to say Anna Göldin had been innocent, 225 years after her execution. They said that in the minds of the people of Glarus, this rehabilitation had already taken place.

On 20th September 2007, the Swiss parliament decided that in Anna Göldin's case, justice was wrong. Fritz Schiesser, as representative for Glarus in the Swiss parliament, called for Anna Göldin's exoneration. A museum is open in Glarus dedicated to her.

What is the Neue Zürcher Zeitung today published a description on the 9th of February, 1782. In it, the authorities of Glarus offered a reward to whoever captured Anna Göldin, and bring it to them:


Neue Zürcher Zeitung

The Neue Zürcher Zeitung (often shortened to NZZ) is a Swiss daily newspaper. It is based in Zürich. It is one of the oldest newspapers that is still published today. It was first published (as "Zürcher Zeitung") on January 12, 1780. Politically, the paper holds liberal values. Other newspapers which are still published, and have a similar age, are the Wiener Zeitung (published since 1703) and the Hildesheimer Allgemeine Zeitung (published since 1705).


KOffice

KOffice is a free office suite for the K Desktop Environment (KDE). All its components have been released under free software/open source licenses. The latest version of KOffice is 1.6.3, which was released on June 7, 2007. 

KOffice is primarily designed for Unix operating systems, but in the future there will likely be a Microsoft Windows and native Mac OS X version of all the applications.

KOffice applications uses OpenDocument as their native file format when possible.

The suite is released separately from KDE and can be downloaded at the KOffice homepage.

KOffice includes the following components:

KOffice includes import filters for some file formats provided by competitors.


Senna (herb)

Senna, the sennas, is a large genus of flowering plants in the legume family (Fabaceae, subfamily Caesalpinioideae, tribe Cassieae). This diverse genus is native throughout the tropics, with a small number of species in temperate regions. The number of species is estimated to be from about 260 to 350. The type species for the genus is "Senna alexandrina". About 50 species of "Senna" are known in cultivation.

ATM

ATM or atm can mean:


Tropical Storm Gabrielle (2007)

Tropical Storm Gabrielle was a tropical storm that moved over eastern North Carolina before turning out to the sea. It was the seventh named storm of the 2007 Atlantic hurricane season. Gabrielle formed as a subtropical cyclone on September 8 about 385 miles (625 km) southeast of Cape Lookout, North Carolina. Wind shear affected the storm for much of its existence. However, a brief decrease in the amount of shear let Gabrielle become stronger and become a tropical storm. On September 9, Gabrielle reached the coast of North Carolina. Turning to the northeast, the storm quickly weakened and died out on September 11. The storm dropped heavy rainfall near where it reached land, but little rain in other areas. Total damage was minor, and there were 5 deaths.

A dying cold front moved off the coast of Georgia on September 2 and left behind clouds and showers that moved slowly east. These began to organize, and by late on September 4, the
thunderstorms had gotten bigger east of the system's center. On September 5, a Hurricane Hunters aircraft reported that the system had not yet become a tropical or subtropical cyclone. A trough caused some wind shear, which stopped the storm from gaining strength. However, the area soon became better for the storm to get stronger.

The storm started to develop, about halfway between North Carolina and Bermuda. The storm began to turn slowly toward the west-northwest. On September 7, its center became slightly stronger. On September 8, the storm was named Subtropical Storm Gabrielle by the National Hurricane Center. At this time, Gabrielle was about 385 miles (625 km) southeast of Cape Lookout, North Carolina.

After becoming a subtropical cyclone, Gabrielle was in an area with cooler air to the north, dry air to the south and west, some wind shear, and cooler water temperatures along the storm's path. These conditions made it so the storm could not strengthen much. However, a curved line of thunderstorms formed in the storm's northern and western sections, and the circulation became better organized. Later, the rainbands died out, leaving the center of the low pressure system far away from the area of thunderstorms. To be a strong tropical cyclone, the center and the thunderstorms need to be located over each other. Soon, the storm began to gain more strength, and it was renamed to Tropical Storm Gabrielle on September 7 while located about 185 miles (300 km) southeast of Cape Lookout, North Carolina.

Wind shear slowly went down as the storm passed over the Gulf Stream, allowing strong thunderstorms to quickly form near the center, and at about 15:45 UTC, Tropical Storm Gabrielle hit the coast of North Carolina. It had winds possibly as strong as 60 mph (95 km/h) at time. The storm turned to the north and north-northeast, and re-entered the ocean on September 10. Gabrielle weakened to a tropical depression, and still kept scattered thunderstorms near it as it tracked along the northern part of the Gulf Stream. By midday on September 11, Gabrielle died out to the south of Canada. By early the next day, the remnants of Gabrielle were absorbed by another cold front.

Gabrielle became a subtropical storm. Then, the National Hurricane Center sent out a tropical storm watch from Edisto Beach, South Carolina to Oregon Inlet in North Carolina, including the Pamlico Sound. As the storm came close to land, the storm watch for areas south of Cape Fear, North Carolina was taken away. At the same time, a tropical storm warning was declared from Surf City, North Carolina to the North Carolina – Virginia state border. A tropical storm watch was also issued for parts of the Delmarva Peninsula and Chesapeake Bay.

Before the storm arrived, the National Park Service closed visitor centers and campgrounds along the Outer Banks. For about 12 hours, the ferry between Hatteras and Ocracoke was closed down. The governor of North Carolina put rescue teams on standby. Some people were told to tighten down loose objects, and to stay inside when the storm passed over. Because the tropical storm was expected to be minor, no evacuations were ordered. On Ocracoke Island, boats were taken out to prepare for Gabrielle. The threat of the storm made it so a fishing contest was canceled at Atlantic Beach.

At first, forecasters, or weather men, were not sure where Gabrielle would go. They said it was possible for the storm to hit areas as far north as New York. Big waves and rip currents were predicted, so the Coast Guard helped to prepare for the storm in the Northeastern United States. On Cape Cod, Massachusetts, a jet airplane flew along the coastline, giving storm advisories to offshore boats. A Coast Guard patrol boat was sent offshore for search and rescue. Sailors were told to be very careful in the storm. However, the storm passed well to the south with little effect.

Big waves from Gabrielle along the coast of Florida caused a surfer to drown. Around 200 others had to be rescued from the rough seas. People at New Smyrna Beach, Florida said waves reached .

By September 9, the outer rainbands of the cyclone began hitting southeastern North Carolina. Constant high winds occurred along coast, reaching 44 miles per hour (71 km/h) at Frisco. Wind gusts were sometimes stronger; a gust of 61 miles per hour (98 km/h) was recorded at Ocracoke. Along the coast of North Carolina, waves were high. Rip currents caused many swimmers to be rescued by lifeguards. There was not much rain from the storm in most areas, but near the storm's center, 9.03 inches (229 mm) of rain fell.

Where the most rain fell, some flooding formed. This prevented farmers from harvesting their crops. Much of North Carolina was considered to be in a drought, so people hoped Gabrielle would bring needed water. However, in most locations, no rain occurred. The storm left part of North Carolina Highway 12 on Hatteras Island closed for three hours because of flooding. Other streets in Morehead City and Beaufort were closed. A few buildings in the area had minor damage from the flooding. In Carteret County, the flood waters did $5,000 in damage. Storm surge from Gabrielle was small, at just above normal at Hatteras Island. Overall damage in the state was minor and 5 people died.

When the storm was called "Gabrielle", it was the fourth time that the name was used for a tropical cyclone in the Atlantic Ocean. The name was used previously in 1989, 1995, and 2001. Because Tropical Storm Gabrielle was not bad, the name Gabrielle was not retired and was later used for the 2013 Atlantic hurricane season.



Donkey vote

A donkey vote is when someone puts numbers on an election ballot paper in the same order that the candidates are listed. For example, if a ballot paper had J. Smith on the top line, M. Doe on the middle line and N. Citizen on the bottom line, and the voter put a 1 beside J. Smith, a 2 beside M. Doe and a 3 beside N. Citizen, that would be called a donkey vote. Donkey votes are counted in election results because a person could have wanted to vote in that way, the votes are formal, a number is placed in all boxes.


Marià Fortuny

Marià José María Bernardo Fortuny y Carbó (June 11, 1838 - November 21, 1874), was a Spanish painter. His brief career encompass both the Romantic fascination with orientalist themes, but also moved towards a prescient loosening brush-stroke and color.

He was born at Reus, a town near Taragon in the province of Catalonia in Spain. His father died when he was an infant, his mother by age 12, thus Mariano was raised by his grandfather, a cabinetmaker, raised him. His grandfather taught him to make wax figurines. At the age of 9, at a public competition in his town a local patron, Domingo Soberano, encouraged further study. 

At the age of 14 years he moved to Barcelona with his grandfather. A sculptor, Domingo Talarn, secured him a pension of to allow him to attend the Academy of Barcelona. There he studied for four years under Claudio Lorenzale, and in March of 1857 he gained a scholarship that entitled him to two years of studies in Rome starting in 1858. There he studied drawing and grand manner styles.

In 1859, he was called by the Spanish government to depict the campaigns of the Spanish-Moroccan War (1859)|Spanish-Moroccan War. The expedition lasted for only about six months, and he returned to Spain in the summer of 1860.


No Doubt

No Doubt was a third wave ska and alternative rock band from Anaheim, California, United States. There are four members in the band currently: Gwen Stefani, Tony Kanal, Adrian Young and Tom Dumont. Eric Stefani and John Spence (now dead) were former members. No Doubt was formed in 1986. Their most successful album was "Tragic Kingdom", which spawned many singles, including "Don't Speak", which was at number-one for sixteen weeks in the "Billboard" Hot 100 Airplay Chart.

The band's trademark sound combines ska and reggae with alternative rock, pop, and punk.

The band is currently on an hiatus and performed their last shows in 2015. Tony, Tom & Adrian has formed a band called "Dream Car" while Gwen Stefani continues to pursue her career as a soloartist.

No Doubt formed in 1986 in Anaheim, California, but with the name "Apple Core", and with members Gwen Stefani, her brother Eric Stefani, and their friend John Spence. They played several concerts under that name. During one of the concerts, Tony Kanal was there. He was impressed with the band, and became their bassist. He later began dating Gwen (which lasted for seven years.)

However, Spence committed suicide in December 1987. The rest of the band was shocked, and broke up, but reformed a few weeks later because they thought that's what Spence would have wanted. They soon got Tom Dumont as a new guitarist. He was formerly in a band called Rising with his sister. One year later, the band hired Adrian Young as a drummer. When he joined, he said he had been playing the drums for five years, even though he had only been playing for two months.

The band released their first album, "No Doubt", in 1992. One single was released from it, "Trapped in a Box". 

In 1995 they released their second album, "The Beacon Street Collection". It got better reviews than "No Doubt" and two singles were released from it.

On October 10, 1995 "Tragic Kingdom" was released. It was their first album to chart, and it was very successful. It has sold over sixteen million copies.

On April 11, 2000 "Return of Saturn" was released on Interscope. Four singles were released from it.

The band's fifth album "Rock Steady" was released December 11, 2001.

On 25 November 2003 "The Singles 1992-2003" was released. No Doubt made a new song for it, a cover of "It's My Life" by Talk Talk. It was nominated for Best Pop Performance by a Duo or Group with Vocal at the 2005 Grammy Awards.

"Everything in Time (B-sides, Rarities, Remixes)" was released October 12 2004.

Between 2004 and 2008 the band's members did things separate from the band. Singer Gwen Stefani released a solo album, "Love. Angel. Music. Baby".

In 2012 the band released their first studio album in over ten years, "Push and Shove". Two singles were released from the album, "Settle Down" and "Looking Hot".

No Doubt stated music artists like Blondie, Juanes, Red Hot Chili Peppers, David Bowie, Electronic Light Orchestra, Lene Lovich, Squeeze, The Cars, The Go-Go's, Violent Femmes, The Police, Billy Idol, Cyndi Lauper, Devo, Fishbone, Madonna, Prince, The Toasters, Madness, Talking Heads, The Beat, The Specials, Operation Ivy, Bad Manners, Bow Wow Wow, Desmond Dekker, Duran Duran, INXS, Patty Smyth, The Selecter and The Vandals as influences.




Matchbox Twenty

Matchbox Twenty (or MB20, MBT, matchbox twenty, originally spelled Matchbox 20) is an alternative rock band from Orlando, Florida, United States. The members of the band are Rob Thomas (vocals, piano), Kyle Cook (guitar), Brian Yale (bass), Paul Doucette (guitar) and Ryan MacMillian (drums). Matt Beck is a live member, playing several instruments in their shows. Adam Gaynor was formerly with the band. He left it in 2005. Their three studio albums have been popular worldwide, and they have sold more than 29 million copies. They are "Yourself or Someone Like You", "Mad Season" and "More Than You Think You Are". They released recently an album with new material and their biggest hits, called "Exile on Mainstream".

Rob Thomas, Brian Yale, and Paul Doucette were part of the band Tabitha's Secret, which was based in Orlando, Florida, with fellow members Jay Stanley and John Goff, before splitting to start a new band (what was to become Matchbox Twenty). After recruiting Adam Gaynor from Criteria Recording Studios in Miami and Kyle Cook from the Atlanta Institute of Music, the band named themselves "Matchbox 20" and won a recording contract with Atlantic Records.

Matchbox Twenty released their debut album, "Yourself or Someone Like You", in 1996. While their first single, "Long Day", was a rock radio-only success, the album soon spawned several Top 40 singles throughout 1997 and 1998, including "Push", "3 A.M.", "Real World", and "Back 2 Good". "Push" and "3 A.M." did not chart on the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart due to the rule in effect prior to 1998 that required a song to be released as a single in order to appear on the Hot 100. "Real World" and "Back 2 Good" proved to be the band's first entries into the "Billboard" Hot 100, after the rule was terminated. The album eventually sold more than 12 million copies in the U.S. alone, achieving a diamond certification. In 1998, Matchbox Twenty recorded a live version of their single, "3 A.M." for release on the charity album "Live in the X Lounge", benefiting United Cerebral Palsy research. The band was sued by New Yorker Frank Torres for using his image without his permission on the cover of "Yourself or Someone Like You". Torres had been walking down the street when he was asked by a photographer to pose for a picture.

Before recording their second album, Rob Thomas collaborated with Itaal Shur on a song called "Smooth" for Carlos Santana's comeback album, "Supernatural". Thomas was supposed to act only as a songwriter for "Smooth", but Carlos Santana had him sing for it after hearing the song's demo. "Smooth" was the album's lead single and became a hit in 1999. Thomas won three Grammy Awards for writing and performing on "Smooth": Record of the Year, Song of the Year, and Best Popular Music Collaboration with Vocals.

During 2000, Matchbox 20 renamed themselves to Matchbox Twenty and released their second album, "Mad Season". The album, on the strength of several successful singles, including "Bent" (which peaked No. 1 on the Hot 100 chart) and "If You're Gone", was certified 4x platinum in the United States. The video for "Bent" made fun of singer Thomas' increased fame from "Smooth" by showing the other band members assaulting him. The next two singles, "Mad Season" and "Last Beautiful Girl" were not as successful.

For their third album, "More Than You Think You Are", the band revived more of a rock sound. Thomas shared the songwriting efforts with the other band members on several songs. The album again spawned successful singles "Disease" (written with Mick Jagger), "Unwell", and "Bright Lights". The album was not as successful commercially as the previous two, and received mixed reviews from critics. However, the album had an enormous radio presence for well over a year.

During 2003, the band released "EP", consisting of six songs. The EP had never before released live and acoustic versions of previously released songs like "Push" and "If You're Gone", as well as a new track, "Suffer Me".

In May 2004, the band released a live DVD, "Show: A Night in the Life of Matchbox Twenty", filmed in Atlanta and featuring 20 songs, including all of their previous successful singles.

In February 2005, rhythm guitarist Adam Gaynor officially left the group, which had been on hiatus to allow other members to pursue side projects. Rob Thomas released a solo album, "…Something to Be", which debuted at No. 1 on the "Billboard" 200. The album featured four successful singles: "Lonely No More", "This Is How a Heart Breaks", "Ever the Same", and "Streetcorner Symphony".

In January 2007, Rob Thomas released a single, "Little Wonders", which he wrote for the Disney movie "Meet the Robinsons".

The group reunited and began performing during 2007, with the release of their 'retrospective' album "Exile on Mainstream", on October 2, 2007. "How Far We've Come" was the first single from the new album, which was followed by the second single, "These Hard Times". "Exile on Mainstream" included four other new songs and a complete collection of all eleven of their previously released singles. The album was also released in the new MVI (Music Video Interactive) format, which included two video interviews discussing the six new songs and eleven greatest hits, plus extras including a photo gallery, U-MYX (to remix "How Far We've Come"), buddy icons and wallpapers. "How Far We've Come" was released on the band's MySpace page in July 2007, with the video released on September 6, 2007.

Matchbox Twenty toured during early 2008 with Alanis Morissette and opener Mutemath. The band began their US tour on January 25, 2008, in Hollywood, FL, and concluded in Las Vegas, NV, on March 18, 2008 before heading to Australia and New Zealand, where the Australian band Thirsty Merc was the supporting act. Following Australia, Matchbox Twenty visited the UK for the first time in five years to play six concerts in Cardiff, Wembley, Birmingham, Glasgow, and Manchester. Matchbox Twenty performed at the 2008 NASCAR Sprint Cup award ceremony.

When the band finished touring later during 2008, Rob Thomas began work on his second solo album, "Cradlesong". He stated in an interview to "Billboard" that he expected that the other members of the band might begin work on Matchbox Twenty's next album without him. At the concert at Mohegan Sun Casino on December 18, 2009, Rob Thomas said that he was not frequently playing Matchbox Twenty songs at his 2009 tour stops because the band was planning to tour together in 2010.

At the Taste of Chicago on July 2, 2010, Thomas said that Matchbox Twenty would be recording in the fall for their fourth studio album. On September 4, 2010, while on VH1's Top 20 Music Video Countdown, Thomas stated that Matchbox Twenty was planning to start working on their next studio album in mid-September and that he was 80% sure that the album would be released sometime in 2011. Rob Thomas posted on Twitter that he was "heading out next week to start writing the new mb20 record" on September 13, 2010. It was stated on Matchbox Twenty's web site that the next show they will do together is on January 1, 2011 in Oklahoma. According to Paul Doucette, the new Matchbox Twenty album will likely be completed in the beginning of 2012. He explained, "That's the same question I was asking. We don't know -- the beginning of next year, we hope. It's a real important record for us. We haven't done anything in a long time. The older we get, the more we realize and appreciate the good fortune we have to do what we do at this level. Realistically, how many more times do we get? So we're going to really make this record the one we want it to be."

Matchbox Twenty played a one-off live show in Temecula, California on July 9, 2011, but no new material was played. During the show Rob Thomas stated the show was a "love letter to our fans."

"North" was released on September 4, 2012. The album's first single, "She's So Mean," was released on June 12, 2012.

In 2012, the band embarked on a worldwide tour, the North Tour, to promote the album. The tour continued as the 2013 Summer Tour, when they co-headlined with the Goo Goo Dolls.


Albany, Western Australia

Albany is a city on the south coast of Western Australia. In 2006, there were 25,196 people living in Albany. The city centre is in between two hills, Mount Melville and Mount Clarence.

Albany is built on King George Sound, named by Captain Vancouver in 1791. Major Edmund Lockyer started the first settlement here on 21 January 1827. The Governor of Western Australia, James Stirling, named the city Albany in 1832 after Prince Frederick, Duke of York and Albany, the second son of King George III.

Kalgoorlie

Kalgoorlie is a city in Western Australia. It is 593.1 kilometres east of Perth. It is the largest urban centre in the Goldfield-Esperance region, with an population of 30,000. It was founded in the 1890s in response to the gold rush at the time. It has a hot semi-arid climate (BSh in the Koeppen climate classification).

Joondalup

Joondalup is a suburb and regional city in Perth, Western Australia. It was established in the 1980s. In 2001, the suburb had a population of 6,927. The suburb was named after Lake Joondalup which is located on the eastern side of the suburb. In relation to the other establishments in Perth, Joondalup is a relatively new settlement, as it was undeveloped until the 1960s.

Mandurah, Western Australia

Mandurah is a city south of Perth, Western Australia. It has a population of 65,000. It is the fastest-growing regional city in Australia. Mandurah connected with the new Mandurah railway line late in 2007 strengthening the transport connection with Perth. The foreshore of the city is home to many marine animals.

Bunbury, Western Australia

Bunbury is the third largest city in Western Australia, behind Perth and Mandurah, with a population of 54,967. It is 175 kilometres south of the Perth CBD. It was founded in 1836. Bunbury is connected to Perth via transport by the Transwa Australind passenger train.

Rockingham, Western Australia

Rockingham is a coastal suburb in the city of Perth, Western Australia. It in 2006 it had a population of 13,000.
It was made a town in 1897.

Rockingham was connected with Perth by the Mandurah railway line in 2007.

Esperance, Western Australia

Esperance is a town in Western Australia. Around 10,421 people lived in Esperance in 2016. Started in 1896, Esperance is found near the south-east coast of the state. It is halfway between Albany, Western Australia and the South Australian border. Esperance's main industries are tourism, fishing, and agriculture.

Mandurah line

The Mandurah railway line is a suburban railway line in Perth, Australia. It was opened around Christmas in 2007. The line is a major transport route in Perth, connecting with the four other main Transperth railway lines: Joondalup, Midland, Fremantle and Armadale.

Transperth

Transperth is the brand of the public transport system in Perth, Western Australia. Transperth was launched in 1986. It supplies public bus, train and ferry services.

Train services run on five lines that spread over the Perth metropolitan area. The lines are named Joondalup, Midland, Fremantle, Armadale, and Mandurah. The Mandurah was opened late in 2007. All trains are operated using electricity. A new line to the Perth Airport via the Bayswater railway station is being constructed which is expected to be compeleted in mid-2021.

Bus services run throughout the metropolitan area. A circular bus route is the CircleRoute
which links major shopping centres, universities and railway stations.

Ferry services operate across the Swan River between the Perth CBD and South Perth. The ferry is popular for people to go to the zoo located in South Perth.

Passengers can take rides by buying cash tickets or using the ticket system known as "SmartRider".

Joondalup line

The Joondalup line is a major public transport railway line in Perth, Western Australia. It runs through Perth's northern suburbs. The line was established in 1992 where is extended north to Joondalup. In 1993, it was extended to Currambine and farther extended in 2004 to Clarkson. A new station was completed in 2005 at Greenwood. The line will be later connected with the new Mandurah railway line late in 2007, allowing passengers to ride in the same train to Mandurah without changing at Perth station to transfer between trains.

Armadale railway line

The Armadale railway line is a major public transport route in Perth. It runs through the metropolitan area's south-eastern suburbs, connecting between Perth and Armadale. A spur line connects the Armadale after Cannington to Thornlie.

Silverchair

Silverchair was a rock band from Newcastle, Australia. The band's members were Daniel Johns, Chris Joannou and Ben Gillies, and were only around 12 and 13 when they founded the band. Silverchair is the only artist to score five number-one albums in the Australian Charts. Their studio albums are "Frogstomp", "Freak Show", "Neon Ballroom", "Diorama" and "Young Modern". The band has released many singles, their number-one singles being "Tomorrow", "Freak" and "Straight Lines".

Avet Terterian

Avet Terterian (1929 - 1994) was a leading Armenian composer, awarded by Konrad Adenauer prize.
He composed eight (completed) symphonies, an opera and several chamber works.

Several of his symphonies are recorded (the date 1973 in the Musicweb review of the Melodiya recording of symphony 3 is probably a typographical error, since the publisher's listing also gives 1975 for the first performance of that work).

Yekaterinburg's annual music festival is named after him.


Bob Denard

"Colonel" Robert "Bob" Denard (April 7, 1929 in Bordeaux - October 14, 2007), also known as "Gilbert Bourgeaud" and "Saïd Mustapha Mahdjoub", was a French mercenary. He was one of the most famous mercenaries after World War II. 

During his time in the French Navy Denard fought in Indochina and in Algeria, and spent some time in jail. He subsequently served as a policeman in French Morocco. Afterwards he became a mercenary and fought in African countries like Congo, Angola, Rhodesia, Gabon and especially in the Comoros.

He converted from Roman Catholicism to Judaism, from Judaism to Islam, and from Islam to Roman Catholicism.

He was married seven times and was the father of eight children. He practiced polygamy after his conversion to Islam.

Denard had Alzheimer's disease at the time of his death.

Eutheria

Eutheria is the taxonomical name for the main group of living mammals.

This taxon contains the placental mammals, of which humans are one species.

Eutheria was introduced by Thomas Henry Huxley in 1880. Members of Eutheria are now found on all continents and in all oceans.

The terms 'Eutheria and 'Placental' do not mean quite the same thing. A few early eutherians in the Lower Cretaceous were not placentals. "Eomaia" is the earliest example.

All living Eutherians are placental mammals. This means that a Eutherian fetus is fed during gestation by a placenta. The offspring of Eutherians are carried in the mother's uterus until fully developed.

Eutherians are different from other mammal groups such as monotremes and marsupials which (like the earliest eutherians) are not placental.

Monotremes, for example, lay eggs which protect the young until they are fully developed. Marsupials give birth to young who are not completely developed. Their young then move to a special pouch in the mother's body to continue their development.

The earliest known eutherian species is the extinct "Eomaia scansoria" from the Lower Cretaceous in China.

Marsupials are relatively speechless. So we can place the development of mammalian speech to about 200 million years ago with the early placental mammals.


Tito Beltrán

Tito Ernesto Beltrán (born July 1 1965) is a Chilean tenor. Tito Beltrán was born in Punta Arenas, Chile. Beltrán left Chile in 1986 to study in Sweden where he lived until he moved back to Chile in the early 2010s. He has performed at many opera houses around the world. He also performs at different scenes and TV-shows in Sweden. Since February 2007 he has been performing at the Royal Swedish Opera in Stockholm. This is where he sings in the operas "La Traviata" and "Tosca".

In October 2008, Beltrán was sentenced to 2.5 years in prison for rape and sexual abuse. He got conditional liberty in February 2010.


Cetartiodactyla

Cetartiodactyla is the taxonomical superorder which includes whales (and dolphins) and even-toed ungulates. The name was created by merging the name for the two orders, Cetacea and Artiodactyla, into a single word. 

Cetartiodactyla is used because it is thought that whales evolved from the artiodactyls. Because of this, their closest living land relative may be the hippopotamus. 

Leonardo

Leonardo is a male given name. Many people have this name. The name is Germanic in origin. It means "Strong as a lion." This name was ranked #87 on the US Popular Names in 2021.


Tetrapod

Tetrapods (Greek "tetrapoda" = four feet) are vertebrate four-legged land animals. This kind of locomotion is called quadrupedal. 

Amphibians, reptiles, dinosaurs (including their direct descendants, the birds), and mammals are all tetrapods. Even though snakes do not have limbs, they are tetrapods because they evolved from animals with four limbs.

The earliest tetrapods evolved from the Sarcopterygii (lobe-finned fish) into air-breathing amphibians, perhaps in the Upper Devonian period. This means the transition took place in fish, before the land was the main habitat. This is typical of transitional fossils undergoing mosaic evolution.

Clear fossil tetrapod tracks from the mid-Devonian predate previous tetrapod records by 18 million years. These tracks are from the Middle Devonian of Poland, nearly 400 million years ago. The footprints were made in the mud of a tropical lagoon, and no animal of that time could have made the tracks except a tetrapod. The find strongly suggests that the animals were fish, not amphibia, when the transition to limbs occurred. The term fishapod is sometimes used. They would have been derived from lobe-finned fish (Sarcopterygii), but of a genus whose body fossil has not yet been found. The Polish team suggest the fish to tetrapod transition might have taken place as early as the Lower Devonian.

The earliest tetrapods lived entirely in water. They could not live on land. Earlier, it was believed that fish had first moved onto land – either looking for food (like modern mudskippers) or to find water when the pond they lived in dried out. It was believed that they later evolved legs, lungs, and other body parts to live better on land.

Nine genera of Devonian tetrapods have been described. These earliest tetrapods were not terrestrial. They lived in swampy habitats like shallow wetlands, coastal lagoons, brackish river deltas, and even shallow marine sediments. There is much to suggest that these are the kind of environments in which the tetrapods evolved. Also, because fossils of early tetrapods are found widely in the Old Red Sandstone continent, they must have spread by following the coastal lines. This means they could not have lived only in freshwater.

Still, they may have spent brief periods out of water and would have used their legs to paw their way through the mud. The earliest confirmed terrestrial forms are known from the early Carboniferous deposits, some 20 million years later.

Tetrapods adapted to terrestrial environments over time and spent longer periods away from the water. They also spent more of their juvenile stage on land before returning to the water for the rest of their life. It is also possible that the adults started to spend some time on land to bask in the sunlight, close to the water's edge. The first true tetrapods that were adapted to moving on land were small. Only later did they increase in size.

Between the lobe-finned fish tetrapods and the first amphibia and amniotes in the Middle Carboniferous lies a gap of 30 million years, with few satisfactory tetrapod fossils. This, noted in the early 1950s by Alfred Romer, is Romer's gap. Some new fossils were found in the 1990s, such as "Pederpes", right in the middle of the Romer Gap. The gap still hides details of the transition from fish to tetrapod, but not so much as before.

So far, only two fossil sites from the Tournasian (earliest Carboniferous) are known. One is Horton Bluff Formation at Blue Beach, Nova Scotia. Much of this material has not yet been scientifically described.

The only other place a Tournasian tetrapod was found is near Dumbarton in the West of Scotland. The articulated (connected) skeleton of "Pederpes" was found there. Now comes news of new finds from this formation in five places in the Scottish Borders. The paper describes five new Tournaisian tetrapods, with information about their habitat. 

The authors say 

Apparently, the split between the amphibians and the amniotes came soon after the extinction event as the tetrapods began to recover. "This accords with most molecular dates for the split, which place it at an average of 355  my ago, a date only 4 myr after the end-Devonian".

Whereas amphibia lay their eggs in water, all other tetrapods (the amniotes) lay cleidoic eggs. These eggs are like private little ponds, protecting and nourishing the embryo until it grows into a hatchling. This was a key evolutionary 'invention', which allowed the amniotes to invade the land. Once the amniotes were truly land animals, there followed a huge adaptive radiation. This was one of the most significant advances in vertebrate evolution.

Stem tetrapods are difficult to classify because they lack some or all of the key characteristics of the standard groups.
Descendants of fishapods which at first lived an amphibious life-style. The amniotes and later amphibia are their descendants. Features: able to support their body on land for long periods; had five fingers and toes (pentadactyl limb) in contrast to their fishapod ancestors. Have not yet developed the characteristic features of the main tetrapod groups.


The tetrapod clade separated from fish in the Devonian. The amniotes were the earliest to lay cleidoic eggs. The Synapsids (> mammals) and the Sauropsids (> reptiles) are sister clades, and in particular, reptiles did "not" give rise to mammals.

There are three main groups of living ("crown group") tetrapods. Each group also includes many extinct groups:


Snakes and other legless reptiles are tetrapods because they are evolved from ancestors who had four limbs. This is also true for caecilians and aquatic mammals.

A partial taxonomy of the tetrapods:



Voivodeship

A voivodeship, also spelled voivodship, voivodina or vojvodina (Romanian: "voievodat", Polish: "województwo", Serbian: "vojvodina" (војводина), "vojvodstvo" (војводство) or "vojvodovina" (војводовина), Hungarian: "vajdaság", Lithuanian: "vaivadija", Latin "Palatinatus" in Poland), is a geographical administrative division dating to medieval Romania, Hungary, Poland, Lithuania, Latvia, Russia and Serbia (see Vojvodina), ruled by a voivod ("voivode", "wojewoda"). The voivod (literal translation: "the one who leads the warriors", is the same as to Dux Exercituum / Herzog) was originally the military commander next to the ruler.

President of the Republic of Poland

The President of the Republic of Poland (Polish: "Prezydent Rzeczypospolitej Polskiej") is the president of Poland. The president is directly elected to serve a term of five years. He can be reelected only once. His rights and responsibilities are determined by the Constitution of the Republic of Poland.

In agreement with the current Constitution, the President of the Republic of Poland is the head of state, the supreme representative of Poland and the guarantor of the continuity of government and is prevented from holding office for more than two consecutive terms. This means that the President heads the executive authority, is appointed to represent Polish interests on the international arena, ensures the observance of the Constitution, and is responsible for the security of the state. The President calls elections to the Sejm and the Polish Senate. He has a right to dissolve the parliament when it fails to form a Council of Ministers or pass the budget act. He can (with the Senate's consent) call a national referendum in matters important for the state, requiring the decision of all the citizens.

There are three living former Polish Presidents:

Tadeusz Kościuszko

Andrzej Tadeusz Bonawentura Kościuszko (; 4 February 1746 – 15 October 1817) was a Polish national hero, general and a leader of the Kościuszko Uprising (which bears his name) against the Russian Empire. Tadeusz was born in February 1746 in Mereczowszczyzna, Polesie. (now in Belarus) He fought in the American Revolutionary War as a colonel in the Continental Army on the side of Washington. Because of his service he was promoted to the rank of Brigadier General in 1783, and became a citizen of the United States that same year. He died in Solothurn, Switzerland on October 15, 1817 due to a stroke. The services he did towards the Colonies was stuff such as, He built walls for defense during the Battle of Saratoga, and he helped design the plans for a fort at West Point, New York. Without Kosciuszko's help, the army's defenses would have been much weaker. 

Wes Archer

Wesley "Wes" Archer (born November 26, 1961) is a television animation director. He was one of the original three animators (along with David Silverman and Bill Kopp) on The Simpsons' Tracey Ullman shorts and subsequently directed a number of Simpsons episodes before becoming supervising director at "King of the Hill" for many years. Archer's college animation movie, "Jac Mac and Rad Boy, Go!" has long been a cult classic after receiving repeated airplay on USA Network's Night Flight in the 1980s. He studied at the movie Graphics/Experimental Animation Program at CalArts.


David Silverman

David Silverman (born 15 March 1957 in New York City, New York) is an animator and writer. He is best known for directing many episodes of the animated television series "The Simpsons", where he would go on to be the supervising director of animation for several years, as well as animating on all of the original Simpsons "Tracey Ullman shorts".


Bill Kopp

Bill Kopp (born April 17, 1962 in Rockford, Illinois) is an American animator and voice actor. He performed the "Whammy" on the 1980s game show "Press Your Luck" and the title character on Nelvana's "Eek! The Cat". He was an animator for The Simpsons' shorts on the Tracey Ullman Show, but left after the first season. He created "The Schnookums and Meat Funny Cartoon Show and Mad Jack the Pirate". He studied animation at the California Institute of the Arts.

Klasky Csupo

Klasky-Csupo, Inc. (pronounced "Class-key Chew-po", although commonly mistaken as "Class-key Ka-zoo-po") is an American multimedia entertainment production company. It was founded in 1981 by the artist/producer Arlene Klasky and the animator Gábor Csupó. The company’s headquarters is located in Los Angeles, California, United States. It was shut down in 2008 but then relaunched in 2012.


Bergkamen

Bergkamen is a town in the district of Unna, in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany. It is near the river Lippe, approx. 15 km north-east of Dortmund and 15 km south-west of Hamm.

Bergkamen, a German town in the East part of the Ruhrgebiet and south of the Münsterland, was founded in 1966 by the merging of at first five smaller communities.


<br>

Renewable energy commercialisation in Australia

Australia's renewable energy industries cover many energy sources and stages of commercialisation. Renewable energy technologies make up about 6 per cent of Australia's total energy supply and some 8 per cent of Australia's electricity supply, with hydro-electricity by far the largest single contributor. 
Government policies have opened up more opportunities for "new" renewable energies such as wind power, photovoltaics, and solar thermal technologies. The use of these technologies helps to reduce greenhouse gases. 

At the end of 2006, Australia had 817 MW of installed wind power capacity, mainly in South Australia. Initiatives are also being taken with solar power, ethanol fuel and geothermal energy. 

Surveys show that there is much public support for the use of renewable energy and energy efficiency in Australia.

Renewable energy commercialization in the United States

The current status of renewable energy commercialization in the United States varies considerably between different renewable energy technologies, with some being commercialized at the present time.

Wind power is a growing industry in the United States. Latest American Wind Energy Association figures show that installed U.S. wind power capacity now exceeds 11,600 MW which is enough to serve three million average households. Texas is firmly established as the leader in wind power development, followed by California. 

Several solar thermal power stations, including the new 64 MW Nevada Solar One, have also been built. The largest of these solar thermal power stations is the SEGS group of plants in the Mojave Desert with a total generating capacity of 354 MW, making the system the largest solar plant of any kind in the world. The largest solar photovoltaic plant in the U.S. is the 4.6 MW Springerville Generating Station, located near Tucson, Arizona. 

In terms of renewable fuels for transportation, most cars on the road today in the U.S. can run on blends of up to 10% ethanol fuel, and motor vehicle manufacturers already produce vehicles designed to run on much higher ethanol blends.

Solar Energy Industries Association and GTM Research found that the amount of new solar electric capacity increased in 2012 by 76 percent from 2011, raising the United States’ market share of the world’s installations above 10 percent, up from roughly 5 to 7 percent in the last seven years. 

Low kick

Low kick is a leg technique used in certain "boxes pieds-poings" (Burmese boxing, kickboxing and Thai boxing "Muay Thai") and certain martial arts. It consists in striking a blow with shinbone or a kick in the lower limb of the opponent (thigh or leg). According to the official rules concerning sport, it can be carried to the outer and to the inner part of the lower limb. 

In fights in full contact (so-called "K.O. system"), these kicks are allowed in order to make an opponent not stable, indeed to have an advantage. 

In the matter of hits in the legs, several kicks exist: circular or roundhouse kick, semicircular kick, balanced kicks (stick kick, crescent kick, axe kick...), kicks along the straight line (front kick and side kick), hooked-type kicks (hook kick), kicks that go down (hammer kick), etc. 

In American or Japanese kickboxing, this type of kick can be only circular or semicircular according to the official rules. 

Spider-Man (2002 movie)

Spider-Man is an American 2002 superhero movie. It was made from the story of the Marvel Comics superhero, Spider-Man. It was the first in the "Spider-Man" movie series. It was written by David Koepp and directed by Sam Raimi. Tobey Maguire starred as Peter Parker / Spider-Man. Kirsten Dunst played the girl Peter loves, Mary-Jane Watson, and Willem Dafoe played the bad guy, Norman Osborn.

At the start of the movie, Peter Parker is a very smart teenager, who lives with his Aunt May and Uncle Ben. He is friends with Harry Osborn and Mary Jane Watson. Peter has loved Mary Jane since he was young. Peter is bullied at school by the other teenagers. On a school trip Peter is accidentally bitten by a spider that had been mutated (or changed) in a science study. This allows him to climb up walls, make spider webs come from his wrists, jump high, move fast and become very strong. Peter uses his powers to fight the bully Flash Thompson and beats him up. When Ben finds out, he teaches Peter that "with great power comes great responsibility." Peter ignores Ben and uses his powers to win a wrestling competition, to win prize money to impress Mary Jane. However, the cashier does not pay Peter what he said he would. A criminal steals a lot of money from the cashier and runs off. Peter does not try to catch the criminal, as revenge for not getting paid as much as he wanted. The criminal then steals Ben's car and shoots Ben. Peter returns to find Ben shot, and Ben dies in his arms. Peter angrily sets off to capture the killer. When he does, he is horrified to find that the man is the same criminal he refused to stop. From then on, Peter becomes Spider-Man and vows to fight crime, using Ben's words to their fullest. Peter takes a job as a photographer at the "Daily Bugle" selling photos to J. Jonah Jameson, who seems to be jealous of Spider-Man and makes Spider-Man look bad in the paper.

Meanwhile, Harry's father Norman Osborn is in trouble. Norman is the CEO (or head) of his own company name Oscorp. Oscorp does science studies and is working on a device that will allow someone to fly, as well as a new formula that will make a person stronger. Norman is ready to test the formula on humans, but his fellow scientists say the formula is still too dangerous. Norman decides to test the formula on himself. The formula does allow Norman to move fast and makes him very strong, but also drives him insane. Later the executive board of Oscorp kicks Norman off the board, angering him. Norman steals the flying device and becomes the Green Goblin. The Green Goblin attacks and kills the board members at a parade, causing a fight with Spider-Man. Later Green Goblin captures Spider-Man and offers to work together. During a fire at a building, the Green Goblin uses his voice and pretends to be someone trapped. When Spider-Man goes to rescue the person, he finds the Green Goblin. Spider-Man refuses Green Goblin's offer to work together, causing another fight. During the fight, Spider-Man's arm is cut. Later Peter, Norman, Harry, Mary Jane and Aunt May meet at Peter's apartment for Thanksgiving. Norman notices Peter's cut on his arm and realizes that Peter Parker is Spider-Man.

Green Goblin then starts planning to hurt Peter. He scares Aunt May so badly that she has to go to the hospital. There, Peter realizes that the Green Goblin knows he is Spider-Man and that he loves Mary Jane and will attack her next. When Peter calls her on the phone the Green Goblin has already taken her, and tells her to meet him at a bridge. Spider-Man goes there and finds the Green Goblin has Mary Jane in one arm and a group of kids in a bus in the other hand. Green Goblin forces Spider-Man to choose between saving the person he loves or saving innocent civilians. He then drops both at once. Spider-Man grabs Mary Jane first and uses his webbing to save the kids at the last second. The Green Goblin is angry and attacks Spider-Man. But a bunch of New York people start to protect Spider-Man, throwing trash and knocking the Green Goblin off balance.

The Green Goblin then grabs Spider-Man and they start to fight inside an abandoned building. The fight is very violent and Spider-Man starts to bleed. Finally, after Spider-Man knocks the Green Goblin down, the Green Goblin reveals that he is Norman Osborn. Spider-Man is very surprised. Norman then distracts Peter and talks to him as he tries to get his flying device to move and to kill Peter. Spider-Man jumps out of the way at the last second and the flying device impales Norman instead, killing him. Dying, Norman asks Peter not to tell Harry that he was the Green Goblin.

The last scene is at a cemetery for the funeral of Norman. During the ceremony, Harry tells Peter that he swears that Spider-Man will die because Spider-Man killed his father. Mary Jane tells Peter that she loves him, but Peter fears his enemies will attack her again, so he tells her that he can only be her friend.

A trailer containing original footage was shown for screenings of the 2002 movie . The trailer shows a group of bank robbers flying in a helicopter and land on a giant web between the Twin Towers of the World Trade Center. The trailer was recalled following the September 11 attacks. As a response, a scene where New Yorkers throw food at the Green Goblin and wave their flags while yelling "You mess with one of us, you mess with all of us" was added for reshoots.

After the movie was kept from being made for almost 25 years, it was shown in theaters on May 3, 2002. Critics liked it a lot and it broke many movie records. It made more money than any other movie in the year 2001. As of late 2006, "Spider-Man" is the seventh highest grossing movie in the United States and 17th highest world wide. It made enough money and two sequels have been made, "Spider-Man 2" (2004) and "Spider-Man 3" (2007).



John Bunyan

John Bunyan (Harrowden, near Bedford, 28 November 1628 – London, 31 August 1688) was an English tinker, preacher and writer. He wrote a book called "The Pilgrim's Progress" which has been translated into more languages than any other book except the Bible. The book is a story about a man who is trying to lead a good life as a Christian. It is allegory. The characters in the story represent good things or bad things. Bunyan lived at a time when there was no religious freedom: everybody had to believe what the Church of England told them. Bunyan did not agree with some of the things the Church of England said. He started to preach about his ideas. He was arrested and put into prison because of his beliefs. He wrote "The Pilgrim's Progress" while he was in gaol (prison).

Bunyan’s father was a tinker: a metal worker who mends pots and pans. The Bunyan family had been living in Bedfordshire at least since the 12th century. They had gradually lost more and more of their land and had become quite poor. John Bunyan’s father had inherited a small cottage and 9 acres of land. He could not read or write.

John Bunyan only went to school for two, three or four years. He learned how to be a tinker from his father.

There was a lot of fighting in England at the time Bunyan was a child. Many people were against King Charles I so there was a Civil War and the king was executed. For several years England was a republic, ruled by Oliver Cromwell. 

When Bunyan was 16 years old, he served in the parliamentary army at Newport Pagnell (1644 - 1647). After that, he started to work as a tinker, and in 1649, he married. His wife had two books, both of which were religious books. Bunyan started to be influenced by religion. He became very frightened because he realized he had done things which were wrong, and he wondered whether God would forgive him, so that he would go to heaven when he died, or whether he would be punished and go to hell. The kind of things he did which at that time were thought to be wrong (sins) were not things which would worry many people nowadays: ringing church bells, dancing, playing games on Sundays and, perhaps the worst of all, swearing. Other wrongs he had done in the past included disrespecting his parents, and very likely causing, or at least unremorsefully (unsorrowfully) helping along the early death of his mother and sister - which he did by refusing to take any of the burden or workload at home. It was only for lack of money that he did not spend his time with prostitutes, though he longed to join the gambling and "painted women" who attended fairs and other public events. In his book "Grace Abounding" Bunyan describes himself as the “Chief of Sinners”. He tells how one day he was walking along when he heard a group of women talking to one another about salvation. This made him think about these things.

In those days, people were supposed to worship God in the Church of England. There were, however, groups of people who wanted to worship God in different ways. These people were called “non-conformists”. In 1653, a sect (religious group) of non-conformists had taken over St John’s Church in Bedford. Their vicar was John Gifford. Bunyan discussed the Bible a lot with Gifford.

Bunyan lived in Elstow, near Bedford, until 1655, when his wife died. He moved to Bedford to be nearer to Gifford’s church . He married again in 1659. In 1660, the Restoration of the Monarchy took place: England had a king once more: Charles II became king. It was bad for religious freedom, because all non-conformist meetings were forbidden. St John’s Church had to become part of the Church of England again. Bunyan refused to go to church. He started to preach to groups of people anywhere they could meet: in barns or in the streets. Because he did not have permission to preach, he was arrested and put in gaol. At first, he was sentenced to 3 months, but because he refused to promise to stop preaching, he spent 12 years in gaol.

Bunyan spent the years 1660-1672 in gaol, and again he was in gaol for a short time in 1677. The gaol was at the top of Silver Street in the centre of Bedford, only 5 minutes walk from his house in St Cuthbert Street, which was then on the edge of the town. The gaol had 6 cells and 2 dungeons. He could probably have been free at any time if he had promised to give up preaching, but he did what he firmly believed to be right. He made some money in gaol by making shoelaces. His eldest daughter Mary, who was blind, brought him soup every day and also gave him books to read. Sometimes, he seems to have been let out of gaol for short periods of time. This was not really allowed, but often, the guards might let a prisoner out if they promised to come back. Bunyan even travelled as far as London once, and he must have gone home sometimes because he had two more children by his second wife during that time.

It was during this time in gaol that he wrote his allegorical novel: "Pilgrim's Progress". We do not know whether he wrote it all while he was in gaol. The book is in two parts. The first part finishes with the words: “So I awoke, and behold it was a dream”. When the second part begins he says “..as I slept I dreamt again”. This might mean that he wrote the second part in 1677 when he was in gaol again. This is only a guess, we do not know.

Bunyan was released in January 1672, when Charles II issued the “Declaration of Religious Indulgence” which meant that people were free to worship God in the way they wanted. The king had done this mainly because he wanted the Catholics to have less power. Non-conformist sects could register and get a license. Bunyan became pastor (priest) of the Bedford church. In March 1675, he was again imprisoned for preaching (because Charles II withdrew the Declaration of Religious Indulgence). This time he seems to have been in the Bedford town gaol on the stone bridge over the river Ouse. After a few months, he was let out. He was a very popular preacher, so he was not arrested again. His book "The Pilgrim's Progress" was published in 1678. He also wrote several other books about religion, but "The Pilgrim's Progress" was the one that became extremely popular. Because Bunyan did not have a formal education he wrote in a very direct style which ordinary people could understand. A passage from Part Two of "The Pilgrim's Progress" beginning "Who would true Valour see" is sung regularly as a hymn.

On his way to London, in 1688, he caught a severe cold from rats and bats, and died a painful death. His grave is in the cemetery at Bunhill Fields in London.

Smith (metalwork)

A smith, or metalsmith, is a person who makes things from metal.

Metal smiths were very important before industrialisation because they made metal tools for farming (especially the plough) and weapons for fighting in wars. Because of the importance of smiths, the name of their craft ('Smith') turned into a surname.

The word smith means "to hit" or "to strike". Originally, smiths made things from metal by using a hammer.

As an English suffix, "-smith" at the end of a word means a craftsmen. For example, a "locksmith" makes locks.

Types of smiths include: 


The ancient traditional tool of the smith is a forge or "smithy", which is a fire which allows compressed air (through a bellows) to heat the inside of the forge until it is hot enough for metal to become more malleable so that it can be hammered into the shape that is required. Smith or smithy refers to the hammering onto the metal using an anvil to support the work. Anvils come in many sizes and shapes. 

The term, "metalsmith", often refers to artisans and craftpersons who practice their craft in many different metals, including gold, copper and silver. Jewelers often refer to their craft as "metalsmithing", and many universities offer degree programs in metalsmithing, jewelry and blacksmithing as part of their fine arts programs.

A "tinker" is a metalsmith who mends kettles, pots and pans. They were often poor, itinerant workers (walking from place to place looking for jobs).

Machinists are metalsmiths who produce high-precision parts and tools. The most advanced of these tools, CNC machines, are computer controlled and largely automated.

Allegory

An allegory is a term for a figure of speech. It is a story or picture with a hidden meaning. The characters in allegories are symbols which represent particular ideas. The story has a figurative meaning, not just a literal one.

Allegory is an example of rhetoric, but an allegory does not have to be a story in language. It may be something to look at, such as a painting or sculpture.

An allegory is like a long metaphor. People have to use their imagination to understand what it is trying to say. A fable or parable is a short allegory with one basic idea (a moral).

Sometimes people say that stories have meanings which the author, in fact, did not intend. For instance, many people have suggested that "The Lord of the Rings" was an allegory for the World Wars, but, in fact, it was written well before the outbreak of World War II, and J.R.R. Tolkien said that it was not an allegory. In this way people sometimes change the author’s ideas. Sometimes they do it for their own political reasons.

Allegory has been a favourite form in the literature of nearly every nation. It is often used as a way of criticizing things or people where it would not be possible to do so directly.

In classical literature Plato and Ovid wrote allegories. Dante Alighieri wrote allegories in "The Divine Comedy". In the Middle Ages "Everyman" was a morality play. John Bunyan’s "The Pilgrim's Progress" tells the story of a man trying to lead a Christian life. Jonathan Swift wrote "Gulliver's Travels", which tells about the strange customs of (made-up) faraway countries, but he was really criticizing things about his own country, the United Kingdom. "Animal Farm" by George Orwell is another example of an allegory, this time of the Soviet Union during Josef Stalin's era and the Russian Revolution. Some of the characters can be directly linked to figures during that time.

Songs may also include allegories. "Waist Deep In The Big Muddy" tells a story of American soldiers in the 1800s, ordered by their commander to march into the Mississippi River, which they could never cross on foot. In truth, it told the story of soldiers fighting in the Vietnam War in the 1960s, and being expected to do the white guy's bidding.

Allegories still continue to be popular today. Pictures, movies and plays can be allegories. William Golding’s novel "Lord of the Flies" also has allegorical meaning. "Star Trek" used a great deal of allegory, to look at social conditions and moral values in the present, while telling stories based in the future. Alien races were often a reflection of Earth's own races and countries.

Allegorical artworks include Sandro Botticelli's "La Primavera (Allegory of Spring)" and Jan Vermeer's "The Allegory of Painting".


Newport Pagnell

Newport Pagnell is a town in England. It is in the borough of Milton Keynes.

The town was first mentioned in the Domesday Book of 1086 as "Neuport", which is an Old English word meaning "New Market Town". At that time it was fairly new, having been founded by Norman invaders. The suffix "Pagnell" came later, when the manor passed into the hands of the Pagnell (Paynel) family.

At one time Newport Pagnell was one of the largest towns in the County of Buckinghamshire but today the new town of Milton Keynes has made it much less important. 

Tickford Bridge, over the River Ouze, was built in 1810. It is the only iron bridge in Britain that still carries main road traffic. This is the oldest iron bridge in the world that is still in constant use. There is a plaque near the footbridge on the side that gives details of its history and construction. A large set of sluice gates used to control downstream flooding of the River Great Ouse is near the bridge.

Since 1954, Tickford Street in Newport Pagnell has been the home of the Aston Martin site, where all Aston Martin cars were built, until the recent opening of the new Ford Motor Company luxury division plant for Aston Martin built at Gaydon, Warwickshire.

The modern civil parish of Newport Pagnell stops at the M1, but the ecclesiastical parish extends to include Broughton and Caldecote. The parish church is dedicated to St Peter and St Paul.


Swearing

Swear or Swearing may refer to:

Amniote

The amniotes are a taxonomic group of animals: all the tetrapods except the amphibians.

They are the land vertebrates which lay cleidoic eggs.

Two super-groups make up the amniotes: the Synapsida (Pelycosaurs, Theriodonts and mammals) and the Sauropsida (all reptiles, including dinosaurs and birds).

The embryos of amniotes are either laid as eggs or develop in the female. These embyros are protected by several membranes, and have a much larger food supply than amphibian eggs.

The 'invention' of the cleidoic egg, and its embryonic membranes, is the main reason why the eggs of an amniote do not need to be laid in water.

Thus, as distinct from the amphibians, "amniotes are truly terrestrial". Secondarily, many reptiles and mammals returned to water, and mammals bear the young live, as do some reptile groups. This evolutionary flexibility is much less common in amphibians.

The first amniotes, such as "Casineria", looked like small lizards. They evolved about 340 million years ago, in the Mississippian or Lower Carboniferous. Their eggs could survive out of the water. This let amniotes move into environments that had less water. The amniotes moved across the Earth. Most vertebrates that live on land are amniotes, as are most of the air-breathing animals of the sea.

Very early in the evolutionary history of amniotes, they split into two main lines, the synapsids and the sauropsids, both of which persist into the modern era.

The oldest known fossil synapsid is "Protoclepsydrops" from about 320 million years ago, while the oldest known sauropsid is probably "Paleothyris", in the order Captorhinida, from the Middle Pennsylvanian epoch (about 306–312 million years ago).

One can assume the ancestors of the amniotes laid their eggs in moist places, as such modest-sized animals would not have difficulty finding depressions under fallen logs or other suitable places in the ancient forests, and dry conditions were probably not the main reason why the soft shell emerged.

In fish and amphibians there is only one inner membrane, also called an embryonic membrane. In amniotes the inner anatomy of the egg has evolved further and new structures have developed to take care of the gas exchanges between the embryo and the atmosphere, as well as dealing with the waste problems. To grow a thicker and tougher shell required new ways to supply the embryo with oxygen, as diffusion alone was not enough.

After the egg developed these structures, further sophistication allowed amniotes to lay much bigger eggs in much drier habitats. Bigger eggs allowed for bigger offspring, and bigger adults could produce bigger eggs, so amniotes grew bigger than their ancestors. Real growth was not possible, however, until they stopped relying on small invertebrates as their main food source and started to eat plants or other vertebrates, or returned to the water. New habits and heavier bodies meant further evolution for the amniotes, both in behavior and anatomy.

There are three main lines of amniotes, which may be distinguished by the structure of the skull and in particular the number of temporal fenestrae (openings) behind the eye. In anapsids (turtles) there are none, in synapsids (mammals and their extinct relatives) there is one, and in most diapsids (non-anapsid reptiles, including dinosaurs and birds) there are two.

The skeletal remains of amniotes have at least two pairs of sacral ribs, a sternum in the pectoral girdle (shoulders area) and an astragalus bone in the ankle.

A simplified phylogeny of tetrapods goes like this:

This is perhaps better than the older taxonomy, which lists recent branches like birds and mammals as classes on mere traditional grounds.




List of mayors of Hamburg

The ' is the First Mayor""' of Hamburg, Germany. He is the president of the Senate (government) of Hamburg. The Erster Bürgermeister is Hamburg's Minister President.

The constitution of 28 September 1860 says that the state is to be governed by the ten-member "Senate" headed by the "First Mayor" as the "President of the Senate". His deputy is the "Second Mayor". Until 1997 the First Mayor was elected by the Senate. Now he is elected by the "Bürgerschaft" (the city's parliament) and the Erster Bürgermeister has appointed and dismissed other Senators.







Synapsid

Synapsids are one of the two major groups of vertebrates which evolved from basal amniotes. 

'Synapsids' means 'fused arch', and refers to their skulls. The group includes mammals and earlier groups related to mammals. They were originally called "mammal-like reptiles", which is a bit confusing.

Synapsids are one of the two major groups of amniotes. Both groups evolved from early amniotes about 345 million years ago during the early or mid Carboniferous period. The other is the sauropsids, the group which includes reptiles and birds. 

Synapsids include the Pelycosauria (Pennsylvanian to Permian), and the Therapsida (Lower Permian to present).

The pelycosaurs were dominant on land in the Permian, and many species became extinct at the Permian–Triassic extinction event. The therapsids were still dominant on land in the Lower Triassic, but by the Upper Triassic the dinosaurs had taken over.

Synapsids have a primitive group and an advanced group. These are known, respectively, as pelycosaurs and therapsids. Pelycosaurs are a paraphyletic group of six primitive families of synapsids. They were all rather lizard-like with sprawling gait and possibly horny scutes. 

The therapsids are the more advanced synapsids. They have a more erect posture (way of standing) and maybe hair, at least in some forms. They are the ancestors of mammals. So each of the two synapsid groups represent evolutionary grades: the pelycosaurs have given rise to the therapsids, who in their turn have given rise to the mammals.

The therapsids ('beast face') used to be called mammal-like reptiles. This was a mistake, because they were never reptiles. The split between Synapsids and Sauropsids (the group which gave rise to reptiles) took place long before therapsids evolved.

There are a number of characteristics which cannot be seen on fossils, but which are of great importance. Mammals are distinguished from reptiles by fundamental differences in the development of the blood system. These differences are such that it would be almost impossible for mammals to be derived from reptiles.
This supports the division of amniotes into the Sauropsida and the Synapsida.

Synapsids evolved a fenestra (hole) behind each eye orbit. It allows better attachment sites for jaw muscles than the original anapsid condition.

A parallel development took place in the diapsida, who evolved two rather than one opening behind each eye.

Originally, the opening in the skull left the inner cranium only covered by the jaw muscles, but in higher therapsids and mammals the sphenoid bone has expanded to close the opening.

Synapsids had differentiated teeth. These include the canines, molars, and incisors.

The trend towards differentiation is found in some labyrinthodonts and early anapsid reptilians. They have enlarged first teeth on the maxilla, forming a form of proto-canines. This trait was subsequently lost in the sauropsid line, but developed further in the synapsids. Early synapsids could have 2 or even 3 enlarged 'canines', but in the therapsids, the pattern had settled to one canine in each upper jaw half. The lower canines developed later.

Note: in evolutionary terms, the mammals are entirely within the Synapsida. Their status as a separate class is traditional Linnaean taxonomy: as a clade they are a sub-group of the Therapsida.

The Pilgrim's Progress

The Pilgrim's Progress is an English language book written by John Bunyan. It was published in two parts: the First Part in 1678, and the Second Part in 1684. Its full title is The Pilgrim's Progress from this World to that which is to come. It is regarded as one of the most important books in English literature. It is a Christian allegory.

The book uses the dream story of a journey through the English county of Bedfordshire, to London. Bunyan uses this to tell the idea of Christianity from a Protestant point of view. Although the journey is imaginary, the places are based upon real places in 17th century Bedfordshire. The difficulties faced by "Christian", the main character, is meant to be an allegory of the difficulties faced by a true Christian in keeping to the 'straight and narrow path'. The author was jailed for preaching his opinions, yet after the book was published, it was translated into over 200 languages.

Bunyan started to write the book in jail. He got into trouble for preaching without a licence. Bunyan, who was a Reformed Baptist, did not qualify for a licence. Only ministers of the Church of England were allowed to preach. He spent 12 years in Bedford jail. He might have been freed if he had promised not to preach, but he refused. He was let out only when the law changed, in 1672. He was jailed again for a short time in 1677.

The book is divided into two parts, and is 108,260 words long. Each part is a continuous narrative, with no chapter divisions. When the first part was published in 1678, it immediately became extremely popular. Part Two was published in 1684. There were 11 editions of the first part during John Bunyan’s lifetime, and two editions of the second part.

The story is an allegory about a man called Christian, who goes on a journey, and meets many strange people. Christian is an 'everyman' character: he represents the reader or any ordinary person. Eventually he gets to the Celestial City. The strange people he meets are characters who represent good and bad things in life. The story is therefore an allegory of the life of a good Christian. To be precise, it is an allegory of the Protestant view of Christianity. It includes, as characters, the giants 'Pope' and 'Pagan', allegories of Roman Catholicism and paganism as persecutors of Protestant Christians. 'Pagan' is dead, indicating the end of pagan persecution, and 'Pope' is alive but decrepit (elderly), indicating the diminished power and influence of the Roman Catholic pope. The many indirect references to the Bible is a sure sign of Protestant belief. The Bible had not long been available in English, and its translation was opposed by the church in the reign of Henry VIII.

Many of the places Bunyan describes are based on places he knew in the Bedfordshire countryside. For example, the Slough of Despond is thought to be the marshes in Tempsford (now on the A1 road). House Beautiful is thought to be Houghton House (now a ruin), just outside Ampthill. The character of the Evangelist is that of his friend John Gifford, who was the leader of a non-conformist group at St John’s Church, Bedford. The heavy burden (the load), which Christian carries on his back, represents his sins: the things he has done wrong, and which trouble him. However, the burden is also based on the heavy anvil which he carried on his back as he walked from place to place. He worked as a tinker (someone who mends pots and pans).

Later, the Land of Beulah is Middlesex County, the Very Deep River is the Thames, and the Celestial City is London.

Part One tells how a man called Christian makes his way from the 'City of Destruction' (Earth) to the 'Celestial City' (Heaven) of Zion. Christian finds himself weighed down by a great burden which he gets from reading a book (obviously the Bible). He wonders what he can do to be saved. The character Evangelist appears several times during the story, pointing him in the right direction. Evangelist shows Christian the way to the 'Wicket Gate'. Christian tries to persuade his family to join him on the journey, but they refuse, so he leaves them behind.
The first person he meets is called Mr. Worldly Wiseman, who says he can be saved by looking at the law, and that Mr. Legality can help him. Evangelist stops him from going that way. He must go to the Wicket Gate.

At the Wicket Gate the gatekeeper, Goodwill, tells him to keep to the straight path. In the Second Part, Goodwill is shown to be Jesus himself. To Christian's query about relief from his burden, Goodwill directs him forward to the 'place of deliverance'.

Christian goes to the House of the Interpreter, where he is shown pictures and that show ideas of the Christian faith. Then he gets to the 'place of deliverance'. This is meant to be the hill with the cross where Jesus died. There his burden falls off his back, so he is very relieved. Three shining ones give him the greeting of peace. They give him new clothes and a passport to the Celestial City (heaven). This is like a Christian Baptism.

At the top of the Hill of Difficulty, Christian stops at the House Beautiful, which is an allegory of the local Christian congregation. Christian spends three days here. When he leaves he is wearing armour which protects him when he fights a battle with the monster Apollyon. Then he goes to the Shadow of Death. He is not afraid because his friend Faithful reminds him of the words of Psalm 23: "Yea, though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death, I will fear no evil: for thou art with me; thy rod and thy staff they comfort me." The sun rises as he leaves.

Just outside the Valley of the Shadow of Death he meets Faithful, who also used to live in the City of Destruction. They go together to Vanity Fair, where they are both arrested because they do not like the kind of business which is being done at the fair, all based on greed. Faithful is put on trial, and executed. Hopeful, who lives in Vanity, takes Faithful's place as Christian's companion for the rest of the way.

Together Christian and Hope have several adventures. They are captured by Giant Despair, who takes them to Doubting Castle, where they are imprisoned, beaten and starved. The giant wants them to commit suicide, but they refuse. Suddenly Christian realizes that a key he has, called Promise, will open all the doors and gates of Doubting Castle. Using the key, they escape.

They come to the Delectable Mountains where the shepherds show them some of the wonders of the place also known as 'Immanuel's Land'.

On the way, Christian and Hopeful meet a man called Ignorance. He thinks he can enter the Celestial City even though he does not believe. A ferryman called Vain Hope ferries Ignorance across the River of Death, but Ignorance is turned away from the gates of Celestial City and thrown into hell.

Christian and Hopeful eventually reach the Celestial City.

The Second Part of "The Pilgrim's Progress" presents the pilgrimage of Christian's wife, Christiana; their sons and the maiden, Mercy. They visit the same places that Christian visited, but they take a longer time. This is because the story includes the marriage of his sons, and children for the four sons and their wives.

The story shows that women can be as brave as men. They visit the same stopping places that Christian did, but they take longer because they marry and give birth to children on the way. The hero of the story is Greatheart, the servant of the Interpreter, who is a pilgrim's guide to the Celestial City. He kills four giants, including Giant Despair, and helps to kill a monster that terrorizes the city of Vanity.

Expert critics think the second part is important, and brings in more ideas: "Part II, which appeared in 1684, is much more than a mere sequel to or repetition of the earlier volume. It clarifies and reinforces and justifies the story of Part I. The beam of Bunyan's spotlight is broadened to include Christian's family and other men, women, and children; the incidents and accidents of everyday life are more numerous, the joys of the pilgrimage tend to outweigh the hardships; and to the faith and hope of Part I is added in abundant measure that greatest of virtues, charity. The two parts of The Pilgrim's Progress in reality constitute a whole, and the whole is, without doubt, the most influential religious book ever written in the English language.

Part II shows human frailty: of women, children, and people with weak bodies or minds. When Christiana's party leaves Gaius's Inn, Mr. Feeble-mind lingers in order to be left behind. He is encouraged to come with the party by Greatheart: But brother ... I have it in commission, to comfort the feeble-minded, and to support the weak. You must needs go along with us; we will wait for you, we will lend you our help, we will deny ourselves of some things, both opinionative and practical, for your sake; we will not enter into doubtful disputations before you, we will be made all things to you, rather than you shall be left behind.

Although the language of "The Pilgrim’s Progress" may seem old-fashioned now, Bunyan wrote in a simple and direct style. He gave his characters symbolic names, which may have sounded lively and imaginative to a 17th century audience. Bunyan was of humble origin, and had no higher education. He was, however, highly literate, and wrote in a way that ordinary people could understand.

The book includes a poem which became the popular hymn "Who Would True Valour See" ("He Who Would Valiant Be" in some versions).

Some phrases from the book have become part of the English language, just as many English expressions come from the Bible. We often talk of a 'Slough of Despond' (when we feel a problem is too big for us). The expressions 'Vanity Fair' and 'House Beautiful' are also quite familiar. There are a large number of references to the book in later literature, and Bunyan's idea of how to tell a story has been borrowed and adapted many times.

The explicit Protestant theology of "The Pilgrim's Progress" made it popular. Bunyan's plain style breathes life into abstract ideas such as 'greed', 'envy', 'pride'. These ideas are turned into imaginary people, whom Christian meets and talks to, on his way to Heaven. Samuel Johnson said that "this is the great merit of the book, that the most cultivated man cannot find anything to praise more highly, and the child knows nothing more amusing". Three years after its publication (1681), it was reprinted in colonial America, and was widely read in the Puritan colonies.

Because of its explicit English Protestant theology "The Pilgrim's Progress" shares the feeling of most English, in the 17th century, against the Roman Catholic Church. It was published over the years of the Popish Plot (1678–1681) and ten years before the Glorious Revolution of 1688, and it shows the influence of John Foxe's "Foxe's Book of Martyrs". Bunyan presents a decrepit and harmless giant to confront Christian at the end of the Valley of the Shadow of Death that is explicitly named "Pope":Now I saw in my Dream, that at the end of this Valley lay blood, bones, ashes, and mangled bodies of men, even of Pilgrims that had gone this way formerly: And while I was musing what should be the reason, I espied a little before me a Cave, where two Giants, "Pope" and "Pagan", dwelt in old times, by whose Power and Tyranny the Men whose bones, blood ashes, &c. lay there, were cruelly put to death. But by this place "Christian" went without much danger, whereat I somewhat wondered; but I have learnt since, that "Pagan" has been dead many a day; and as for the other, though he be yet alive, he is by reason of age, and also of the many shrewd brushes that he met with in his younger dayes, grown so crazy and stiff in his joynts, that he can now do little more than sit in his Caves mouth, grinning at Pilgrims as they go by, and biting his nails, because he cannot come at them.

When Christian and Faithful travel through Vanity Fair, Bunyan adds the editorial comment:But as in other "fairs", some one Commodity is as the chief of all the "fair", so the Ware of "Rome" and her Merchandize is greatly promoted in "this fair": Only our "English" Nation, with some others, have taken a dislike thereat.

The book was the basis of an opera by Ralph Vaughan Williams, first performed in 1951. Vaughan Williams also wrote a short anthem "Valiant for Truth". The story has been made into films and used in video games.

Because modern English has changed from Bunyan's day, many authors have provided their own versions of the story.




The Need for Speed

The Need for Speed is a racing video game made by Electronic Arts. It is the 1st game in the "Need for Speed" series. It was released on the 3DO, PlayStation and Sega Saturn.

Louis de Broglie

Louis Victor Pierre Raymond, (7th) Duke of Broglie, (August 15, 1892 in Dieppe – March 19, 1987 in Louveciennes) was a French physicist. He discovered that electrons are similar to both particles and waves. He won the Nobel Prize in Physics in 1929. 

Las Galeras

Las Galeras is a Dominican Municipal district of Santa Bárbara de Samaná, Samaná province. It is on the east coast of the Samaná Peninsula, on the "Rincón Bay" that is found between "Cabrón" and "Samaná" capes.

"Las Galeras", in English "The Galleys" (a galley was a war ship where prisoners and slaves were used to move the ship), because two galleys stayed here during the 16th Century.

In the last national census (2010), the district had a total population of 6,929: 3,800 men and 3,129 women. The urban population was only 13.41% of the total population.

The most important economic activities of the province are agriculture, fishing and tourism.

The region is famous for its beautiful beaches with palms. There is a beach at the seafront of Las Galeras itself, as well as a white sand beach, "La Playita" ("The Small Beach") within walking distance from the town. It is possible to take a boat to visit "Playa Rincón" ("Rincón Beach"), another beautiful beach in the region.

The Beyoncé Experience: Live

The Beyoncé Experience: Live is a live DVD by American R&B singer Beyoncé Knowles to be released in the US on November 20, 2007. It was filmed in Staples Center, Los Angeles, California which was shot on September 2, 2007 during her worldwide tour The Beyoncé Experience. It also includes guest appearances from Jay-Z on "Upgrade U" and former Destiny's Child mates Michelle Williams and Kelly Rowland on "Survivor."


Induno Olona

Induno Olona is a city in northern Italy, in the Lombardy region, near Varese. It has 10,000 inhabitants.

Swordfish

Swordfish (Xiphias gladius), also known as broadbills in some countries, are large predatory fish with a long, flat bill. They are a popular sport fish. Swordfish are elongated, round-bodied, and lose all teeth and scales by adulthood.

The International Game Fish Association's all-tackle angling record for a swordfish was a 1,182 lb (535.15 kg) specimen taken off Chile in 1953.

They are the only member of their family, Xiphiidae.

The swordfish is named after its sharp bill, resembling a sword (Latin gladius), which together with its streamlined physique (smooth body) allows it to cut through the water with great ease and agility. Swordfish are fast predators of other fish.

The "sword" is not used to spear, but may be used to slash at its prey to injure the prey animal, to make for an easier catch. 

Mainly, the swordfish relies on its great speed and agility in the water to catch its enemy. It is among the fastest fish.

Swordfish is a particularly popular fish for cooking. Since swordfish are large animals, meat is usually sold as steaks, which are often grilled. The color of the flesh varies by diet, with fish caught on the east coast of North America often being rosier.

However, many sources including the United States Food and Drug Administration warn about potential toxicity (how poisonous it is) from high levels of methylmercury in swordfish.



Carreño de Miranda

Juan Carreño de Miranda (25 March 1614 – 3 October 1685) was a Spanish painter of the Baroque period.

Born in Avilés in Asturias, he was the son of a painter with the same name, Juan Carreño de Miranda. His family moved to Madrid in 1623, and he trained in Madrid during the late 1620s as apprentice of Pedro de Las Cuevas and Bartolomé Roman. He came to the notice of Velazquez for his work in the cloister of doña María de Aragón y en la iglesia del Rosario, he was asked to help paint in the Royal Palace of Madrid with frescoes on mythological fables. He was named "Painter of the King" in 1669. In 1658 Carreño was hired as an assistant on a royal commission to paint frescoes in the Alcázar palace, now the Royal Palace of Madrid. In 1671 he was appointed court painter to the queen (pintor de cámara) and began to paint primarily portraits. In 1671, upon the death of Sebastian de Herrera, he was named chamber painter. He refused to be knighted in the order of Santiago, saying "Painting needs no honors, it can give them to the whole world". He is mainly remembered as a painter of portraits. His main pupilswere Mateo Cerezo, Cabezalero, Donoso, Ledesma y Sotomayor. He died in Madrid.

Late Old Japanese

Late Old Japanese (中古日本語) is an old form of the Japanese language. It was used in the time known as the Heian Period, between 794 and 1185. The form of Japanese that was used before that is called Old Japanese.

Old Japanese was the first form of the Japanese language. The script (the way it was written) came from the Chinese script. This was all based on characters which were like little pictures (called kanji today, e.g. 中古日本語). During the Late Old period two new scripts were invented: Hiragana and Katakana. These were much simpler and described the sound of the syllables. It made reading and writing much easier. Famous books were written during this period such as "The Tale of Genji", "The Tale of the Bamboo Cutter", "The Tales of Ise" and many others.

Many changes took place to the way the language was pronounced during this period. Consonants that had been spoken through the nose became voiced, some long vowels were added, some consonants slid into one another. The syllables became simpler: instead of 88 there were only 66. Instead of two types of -i, -e, and –o there were only one. Some verbs ended in a consonant, others in a vowel. The changes in grammar included different ways that adjectives could be declined.


Old Japanese

Old Japanese (上代日本語, Jōdai nihongo) is the oldest known form of the Japanese language.

It is difficult to give a precise date when Old Japanese started. The date when the Old Japanese period is said to have finished is 794. It was the start of the Heian period. 

The Japanese writing system came from the Chinese. Wooden tablets have been found with writing on. The oldest extended piece of writing we know of dates from 712. This is the start of the Nara period (710-794).

The earliest texts found in Japan are written in classical Chinese. However, some of them show the influences of Japanese grammar (e.g. word order). Sometimes bits of Chinese characters are used to make the sound of the small Japanese words called “particles”. This helps us to make some guesses about how it used to be pronounced.

Many changes in the Japanese language took place over the centuries. The spoken form of Japanese changed much more quickly than the written form.


Notes

Tom and Jerry

Tom and Jerry is an American slapstick comedy animated short series and media franchise. The original cartoons were created in 1940, written and directed by William Hanna and Joseph Barbera. It is named after its two main iconic characters: a blue-grey cat named Tom and a brown house mouse named Jerry. Each cartoon shows the two characters getting into comedic fights or chases, in which they often get hurt cartoon-style.

A total of 114 "Tom and Jerry" shorts were produced by the Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer cartoon studio from 1940–1958, starting with "Puss Gets the Boot". Seven of these cartoons won an Academy Award for Animated Short Film. 

"Tom and Jerry" still holds the record of the most awards in the Animated Short Film category, which is tied for first place with Walt Disney's musical series, "Silly Symphonies". 

Later, Gene Deitch in Europe made 13 more cartoons for the series from 1961-1962. Then, Chuck Jones produced 34 more cartoons from 1963–1967. Finally, Hanna-Barbera worked with Warner Brothers Animation to make the last three "Tom and Jerry" cartoons: "The Mansion Cat" in 2001, "The Karate Guard" in 2005, and "A Fundraising Adventure" in 2014, making a total of 164 shorts and 863 episodes of the franchise, notable companies such as MGM, Hanna-Barbera Prouductions, Filmation, Warner Bros. Animation. Since then, the cartoon characters have made appearances in other media. notable animators like, Tom Ray, Iwao Takamoto, Jaime Diaz, Eddie Fitzgerald, Tom Minton, Charles M. Howell IV, Kent Butterworth, Cliff Voorhees, John Kricfalusi, Paul Sabella, Bill Proctor, Sandy Benenati, David Feiss, Butch Hartman, Scott Jeralds, Dan Haskett, etc. then the Tom and Jerry given rights by MGM in 1940 to 1990, Hanna-Barbera took over the franchise in 1974 to 2001, and now reinstated owned by Warner Bros. Entertainment in 2000 and Turner in 1986.

The following cartoons won the Academy Award for Animated Short Film:

The following lists are about the "Tom and Jerry" media which were not made for the original cartoon series.

The following shows are re-launches of the original "Tom and Jerry" cartoons:






Tynwald

Tynwald (), or more formally, the High Court of Tynwald () or Tynwald Court, is claimed to be the oldest parliament in continuous existence in the world, dating back over 1000 years.

It rules the Isle of Man, and while the island is a Crown dependency, this ancient form of government enjoys a large amount of political power. 

Tynwald is separated into 2 houses (this is called a "Bicameral" parliament, meaning it has 2 chambers) - the House of Keys, which is elected by the people of the Isle of Man, and the Legislative Council, which is not directly elected - instead, other members of the Legislative Council elect members of the House of Keys (MHK's) to sit on it.

Both houses of Tynwald sit at the same time on Tynwald day, at the site of the original parliament - Tynwald Hill - in St. John's, a small village near Peel, and once a month at Parliament House in the Island's capital, Douglas. The rest of the time, they sit separately at Parliament House, with the House of Keys making most of the laws, and the Legislative Council doing most of the work of changing and revising them. 

King Charles III is acknowledged as the Lord of Mann.

Tynwald can trace its descent from the Viking and Norse that first colonized the Isle of Man.

Possum

The possum is an Australasian marsupial which was later introduced to China and New Zealand. There are about 69 species alive today.

Possums are members of the Phalangeriformes. This is a suborder of the Diprotodonts, a large order which includes the kangaroos and its relatives.

Possums are native to Australia and are protected there. Possums spend the first four months of their lives in their mother's pouch. By the time they are six months old, the young possums live outside the pouch.

They are nocturnal and at least partly arboreal. Some of the smaller species are gliders. They have sharp claws and a keen sense of smell. They eat the leaves of trees, insects, berries and bird's eggs.

The first possums were brought to New Zealand in 1837 from Australia. In New Zealand, possums have no natural enemies, so possum numbers increased quickly. It is thought of as a pest in New Zealand.
The possum has done a lot of damage to the native plants, animals and birds.


1130

This page lists things that happened in the year 1130.



Gotha

Gotha is a town in Thuringia, in Germany. It is the capital of the District of Gotha. The population was 46,205 in 2004.

The town has existed at least since the 8th century, when its name was mentioned in a document signed by Charlemagne, in which it appears as "Villa Gotaha" ("Good Waters"). In 1640 Gotha became the capital city of Saxe-Gotha. In the 18th century the French philosopher Voltaire stayed for a long time, and the Royal court became one of the centres of the Enlightenment in Germany. From 1826 to 1918, Gotha was one of the two capitals of the Duchy of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha.

Gotha has played an important role in the Germany's workers' movement: the German socialist party (SPD) was founded in Gotha in 1875, when the Social Democratic Workers' Party, led by August Bebel and Wilhelm Liebknecht, and the General German Workers' Association, founded by Ferdinand Lassalle joined together. The compromise was known the "Gotha Program" and was opposed by Karl Marx.

Gotha has also been traditionally a centre of publishing. The firm of Justus Perthes (now called Hermann Haack) began publishing the "Almanach de Gotha" in 1763. The almanach was a very important directory of the world's major ruling dynasties and Europe's high nobility.

From 1949 to 1990 the city of Gotha was in the German Democratic Republic.




Great Palm Island

Palm Island, also known as Great Palm Island, or by the Aboriginal name Bukaman, is an island with about 2,000 people living on it.

The small town on the island has many names such as Palm Island, the Mission, Palm Island Settlement or Palm Community.

The island is north-west of Townsville, on the east coast of Queensland, Australia. It is the biggest of the "Greater Palm" group of islands. It has small bays, sandy beaches and steep forested mountains rising to high. Other close by islands outside the Palm group include Rattlesnake Island and Magnetic Island.

Palm Island is often called a "tropical paradise" because of its natural beauty, but it has had a sad past since Europeans arrived in Australia. For much of the 20th Century it was used by the Queensland Government as a town for Aboriginals thought to be guilty of such crimes as being "disruptive", being pregnant to a white man or being born with "mixed blood".

The community created by this history has had many problems and has often been debated about by political and social writers. Of major concern is a lack of jobs and housing. Since it became a Aboriginal reserve, Palm Island has been a symbol of aboriginal hardship and violence.<ref name="Q Mag 3/07"></ref> At the same time it has been at the centre of political campaigning to improve the lives and treatment of Australia's Indigenous peoples as well as seeking people to recognise the bad history which lead to the Palm Island of today.



100 Greatest Britons

100 Greatest Britons was a BBC programme broadcast in 2002. The list was the result of a poll. The top ten people on the list were:

The complete list can be found on the BBC website.

Igrejinha

Igrejinha is a Brazilian city of the state of Rio Grande do Sul. It has 31 389 inhabitants. It has an area of .

Arroyo Barril

Arroyo Barril is a Municipal district of Santa Bárbara de Samaná, Samaná province in the Dominican Republic. It is on the south coast of the Samaná Peninsula, on the coast of Samaná Bay.

It was made a municipal district on May 1, 2003.

In the last national census (2010), the district had a total population of 11,007: 5,591 men and 5,416 women. The urban population was 22% of the total population.

The most important economic activities of Arroyo Barril are the same of the province: agriculture, fishing and tourism.

The Arroyo Barril Airport is in this place; it is a national airport with flights to other airports in the country.

Intolerable Acts

The Intolerable Acts are laws passed by the Parliament of Great Britain in 1774.

The British Parliament passed these laws to punish the Massachusetts colony for the Boston Tea Party.

These laws were so harsh that the colonists called them the Intolerable Acts.

Other colonies offered Massachusetts their support. They sent supplies to Boston. The Committees of Correspondence also called for a meeting of all colonies. This meeting would decide what to do about their problems with Britain, which led to the Continental Congress.


Mike Zambidis

"Iron" Mike Zambidis (born July 15, 1980) is a Greek kickboxer. He is known in the kickboxing community as K.O. artist and for his explosive fighting style.

Indo-Greek Kingdom

The Indo-Greek Kingdom was a part of the Greek Empire. It ruled mainly in Pakistan but also parts of modern-day Afghanistan and India from 180 BCE to around 10 CE, and was ruled by a succession of more than thirty Hellenic kings. At 400 AD - 500 AD, the remnants of Indo-Greeks was discriminated as foreigners by the beginning strong Hindu Caste system, and called Chandala (casteless)-(Dalit), and they wandered at the time of Migration period to Europe. In the Byzantime Empire they was called Atsingani. Yet is suspected that the Roma people are the descendant of the Atsingani, because the Romani languagehave much Greek influence too.


Dassault Mirage 2000

The Mirage 2000 is a French-built multirole fighter jet manufactured by Dassault Aviation. It first flew in 1978, and was introduced in 1984. Originally designed in the late seventies as a lightweight fighter for the Armée de l'Air, it evolved into a successful multirole aircraft now in service in 9 countries with more than 600 airplanes built.


Helensburgh, New South Wales

Helensburgh is a small town in New South Wales, Australia. It has more than 5000 people. It is about half-way between Sydney and Wollongong, at the southern end of the Royal National Park. The area was first settled by Europeans in 1815, when farmers began to move their cattle to graze on the grasslands around Wollongong.

Hugo Award

The Hugo Award is an award given each year for the best science fiction or fantasy works of the previous year. The award is named after Hugo Gernsback, the founder of the science fiction magazine "Amazing Stories". Hugo Awards have been given out every year since 1953, except 1954. Hugo Award winners are chosen by members of the Worldcon convention each year. The ceremony where the awards are given out is a main part of the convention. 

The Hugo Award trophy was co-designed by Benedict Jablonski. 

The 2006 Hugo Awards ceremony was held at the 64th World Science Fiction Convention (Worldcon) on Saturday, August 26 in Anaheim, California. The 2007 Awards were presented at the 65th World Science Fiction Convention in Yokohama, Japan on 1 September.


X-Men: The Last Stand

X-Men: The Last Stand is a 2006 movie. It is the third movie based on the Marvel Comics' X-Men superhero comic books. The story takes place after "X-Men" (2000) and "X2" (2003). Brett Ratner directed the movie. He took over when Bryan Singer decided to direct "Superman Returns". The movie is about a "mutant cure" and the resurrection of Jean Grey, who seemed to have died in "X2". The movie is partially based on two X-Men comic book stories: writer Chris Claremont's and artist John Byrne's "Dark Phoenix Saga" in "The Uncanny X-Men" (1980) and writer Joss Whedon's and artist John Cassaday's six-issue "Gifted" story in "Astonishing X-Men" (2004).

The movie was released May 26, 2006 in the United States and Canada. It was released one or two days earlier in more than 20 other countries. The movie did well at theaters. It earned $45.1 million on its first day. This is the fourth-highest opening day gross. Its opening weekend gross of $103 million is the eighth highest ever.

The movie is sometimes called X3, XIII, X-Men 3, or X-Men 3: The Last Stand.

The movie begins with a very sad Cyclops. He is still very sad because he lost his girlfriend Jean Grey at the end of the last movie. He goes out to the lake, where he sees Jean Grey, who is somehow not dead. She has a lot more powers now. She kills Cyclops and then leaves. Wolverine and Storm find Cyclops' visor in the water when they go looking for him. They also find Jean Grey and put her inside the Xavier Institute.

Meanwhile, a large company working at Alcatraz Island has found a way to erase the gene that is the cause for mutation. This discovery splits the mutants apart. Some believe that their mutation helps society and do not want a cure for it and start protesting. Other mutants do not like their mutation and begin lining up at Alcatraz Island to get the cure. At the Xavier Institute, Rogue, who longs to touch people but cannot, is interested in the cure.

Professor Xavier tracks down Jean Grey. He and Wolverine and Storm go Jean's old house to try to talk to her. Early on, he found that Jean Grey had a very powerful side called the Phoenix. To make sure that side never came out, he put up a mind barrier. During the talk, the Phoenix comes out and he and Jean Grey have a mind battle. It ends when the Phoenix overpowers the Professor and the Professor dies.

The villain Magneto has started to put his Brotherhood of Mutants together. While freeing his right-hand man Mystique from jail, a guard fires a "cure dart" at him to try to remove his mutation. Mystique jumps in the way and is cured of her mutation. Magneto leaves her. As a result, she tells the government where Magneto will be. The Brotherhood meets in a forest. Wolverine, who has gone out there, sees that the Phoenix has teamed up with the Brotherhood and will not leave when Wolverine asks her to. The government then raids the forest, but Magneto has already left and all the agents find is many copies of the mutant Multiple Man.

At the Xavier Institute, Bobby Drake (Iceman) has begun to like another girl named Kitty Pryde. One night, the two of them go out skating in the fountain. Iceman's girlfriend, Rogue, becomes very jealous when she sees him with Kitty and leaves the next day to go to Alcatraz Island. Bobby goes out there but cannot find her.

In the final battle, Magneto walks out onto the San Francisco Bridge, moving cars out of the way. He then lifts the bridge up and rips it apart and makes a bridge to Alcatraz Island. The X-Men drop down from their plane and defend the mutant cure building against attack. The X-Men's plot to stop Magneto. To do this, Wolverine runs at Magneto. Magneto easily stops Wolverine. Another mutant named Beast comes from behind him and sticks a bunch of cure darts into Magneto, curing him of the mutation.

The U.S Army comes over the top at this point and starts to fire darts. This causes Phoenix to very angry and she starts to use her powers to begin destroying everything. With great effort, Wolverine reaches Phoenix and sticks his claws into her to stop her, killing her but saving the soldiers. Back at the Xavier Institute, they mourn the Jean Grey's death. Rogue, who has been cured, touchs Bobby's hand for the first time.

The X-Men are a team of superheroes from the "Xavier Institute", a school for mutants. They protect both humans and mutants and try to prevent a war between the two.

The Brotherhood is a group of mutants who think mutants should have the same rights as the humans.

A group of mutant which are part of an underground network across the nation.


Bryan Singer, the director of the first two X-Men movies left early in the production of the movie to direct the movie "Superman Returns". Screenwriters Dan Harris and Michael Dougherty and composer John Ottman left with him. Singer has said that, at the time he left, they had partially written a story for the movie which would have been only about Jean Grey's resurrection. The story would also have a new villain Emma Frost, played by Sigourney Weaver.

Simon Kinberg was hired as writer soon after Singer left. There were rumors about Joss Whedon directing the movie. Rob Bowman and Alex Proyas were also rumoured. Zack Snyder was also asked to be the director, but he turned it down because he was directing "300". Even with Singer leaving, the cast and producers wante to return to make the third movie. Matthew Vaughn was hired as the new director for the project. He cast Kelsey Grammer as Beast and Vinnie Jones as Juggernaut. Family problems were said to cause him to withdraw before shooting began. Vaughn was replaced by Singer's friend Brett Ratner, who was among the people considered to direct the first movie. He was also considered by Warner Brothers to direct the 2006 "Superman" project before it changed into "Superman Returns".

"X-Men: The Last Stand" began shooting in August 2005 and ended in January 2006. Much of "X-Men: The Last Stand" was filmed in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada. Associate producer Dave Gordon said, "This is the biggest production ever filmed in Canada. It used to be "X2", now it's "X3"."

Firewall (disambiguation)

Firewall may refer to:

Schlenkerla

Schlenkerla is a famous old brewery and tavern in Bamberg, Bavaria, Germany. It is known for its smoked beer which is called "Aecht Schlenkerla Rauchbier" ("real Schlenkerla smoked beer"). It is a strong, darkish beer with a slightly smokey taste which is rather like bacon. The alcohol content is 5.1%. There is another speciality which is called "Urbock" ("Ur" means "original" and "Bock" is actually a male goat). The Urbock is stronger: 6.5% alcohol and is only served in the season known as the "Starkbierzeit" ("Strong beer time") which is from October to 6 January. The beer is served from oak barrels. This is a very old tradition which is not often found nowadays.

The name Schlenkerla comes from the word "schlenken" which means: "to dangle" ("to hang loosely", or "swing").


Gabelmann

The Gabelmann ("Fork man") is a statue with a fountain in Bamberg, Germany. It is a Baroque statue of Neptune, the ancient Roman god of the sea, who is holding his three-pronged fork. This is why he has the name Gabelmann.

The Gabelmann stands in the part of the pedestrian precinct called "Grüner Markt" ("Green Market"). In the local Franconian dialect he is called Goblmoo. There is a well-known poem about him written in the dialect.

The Gabelmann is a favourite place for people to meet in Bamberg.

Bamberg Symphony Orchestra

The Bamberger Symphoniker (Bamberg Symphony Orchestra) is a world-famous orchestra from the city of Bamberg, Germany. It was formed in 1946. Most of the musicians who formed the orchestra were Germans who had been forced to leave Czechoslovakia after the World War II. Most of them had previously been members of the German Philharmonic Orchestra of Prague.

The Bamberger Symphoniker have a large modern concert hall in Bamberg which was opened in 1993. They give many concerts there, but they also do a lot of touring to all parts of the world. Their conductor is Jonathan Nott who is an English conductor. Every three years the orchestra organize a "Gustav Mahler Conducting Prize". This is a competition for young conductors. The competition first took place in 2004.

The orchestra have made several CD recordings.



Lübeck law

The Lübeck law () was one of a few charters for town privileges. The Lübeck law said there should be a city council ("Rat"). There should be 20 council members, which were usually elected for 2 years. They were elected by the guilds. People often stayed as members for many years. 

The first document about the law is from 1226. It was still used in Northern and Northeastern Germany until 1900. 

About 100 cities around the Baltic Sea used this law. 

Many cities in the Hanseatic League used this law.

Alfonso Daniel Rodríguez Castelao

Alfonso Daniel (30 January 1886 – 7 January 1950), also known as Castelao, was a Spanish writer on Galician language and one of the main symbols of Galicia. As a politician, caricaturist, and writer, he is one of the leading figures of Galician culture and identity.

In 1886, Alfonso Daniel Rodríguez de Castelao was born on 30 January in Rianxo, Galicia, Spain.

Castelao spent his childhood and adolescence in Santa Rosa de Toay, Argentina. In 1900, the Castelao family returned to Rianxo. In 1908, he obtained his degree in Medicine from the University of Santiago de Compostela. The next year, he passed his doctorate in Madrid, where he started to become known as a caricaturist, and settled down in Rianxo, joining the political movement Action Galicia ("Acción Gallega" in Spanish). As a caricaturist, Castelao focussed on the everyday in a humorous way, although after the cruelty and tragedy of the Spanish Civil War, he turned to using his art to denounce the misery of Fascism.

In 1916, he moved to Pontevedra, where he joined the Irmandades da Fala and participated in the "Asembleia Nazonalista de Lugo", signing an important national declaration. In 1920, he became editor of the magazine "Nos" and travelled through France, the Netherlands and Germany. In 1922, he wrote the novel "Un Ollo de Vidro" and in 1924 he joined the "Seminario de Estudos Galegos" and founded the "Coral Polifonica de Pontevedra". Two years later he published "Cousas", and in 1929 he travelled to Brittany to study its stone crosses and publish "As Cruces de Pedra na Bretaña".

Emilia Pardo Bazán

Emilia Pardo Bazán (16 September 1851 – 12 May 1921) (also known as "Emilia, countess de Pardo Bazán") was a Spanish author and scholar.
Bazán was born in A Coruña (also known as La Coruña or Corunna), part of the region of Galicia, and the culture of that area was incorporated into some of her most popular novels, including "Los pazos de Ulloa" ("The Manors of Ulloa") and its sequel, "La Madre Naturaleza" ("Mother Nature"). She was also known for bringing naturalism to Spanish literature, for her detailed descriptions of reality, and for her role in feminist literature of her era. 

Married at eighteen to Sr D. Jos Quiroga, a Galician country gentleman, she interested herself in politics, and is believed to have taken an active part in the underground campaign against Amadeo of Spain and, later, against the republic. In 1876 she came into notice as the successful competitor for a literary prize offered by the municipality of Oviedo, the subject of her essay being the Benedictine monk, Benito Jerónimo Feijoo. This was followed by a series of articles inserted in "La Ciencia cristiana", a magazine of the purest orthodoxy, edited by Juan M. Orti y plana.


Bamberg Cathedral

Bamberg Cathedral is one of the most famous cathedrals of Germany. It can be seen from a long distance near the top of the hill. It has a very rich history. Its official name is Bamberg Cathedral of St. Peter and St. George. It is also called the Kaiserdom (“Imperial Cathedral”). The cathedral is under the administration of the Roman Catholic Church and is the seat of the Archbishop of Bamberg.

The cathedral was founded in 1004 by the emperor Henry II, and was consecrated in 1012. During the next two centuries it was burnt down twice. The building now is a late Romanesque building with four big towers. It has a choir at both ends. The east chancel is dedicated to St. George. This symbolizes the Holy Roman Empire. The west chancel is dedicated to St. Peter symbolizing the Pope.
It took a long time for the cathedral to be built, and during that time tastes in architecture changed. This is why we can see several styles in different parts of the cathedral, particularly Romaneque and Gothic styles. Between these two styles is the Transitional style, and this is the way the nave was built.

The cathedral is about 94 m long, 28 m broad, 26 m high, and the four towers are each about 81 m high. There are lots of sculptures in the cathedral. One of the most magnificent ones is the marble tomb of Henry II, the founder of the cathedral, and his wife, the empress Cunigunde. It took the famous sculptor Tilman Riemenschneider 14 years to carve: between 1499 and 1513. The tomb is slightly higher than floor level because below there is a crypt. The carvings round the side tell of various episodes in the lives of the imperial couple. 

There is a beautiful Nativity altar in the south transept made in limewood by the famous artist Veit Stoss. He made it when he was about 80 years old. His son asked him to build it. His son was a Carmelite prior in the nearby city of Nürnberg. He was expelled from Nürnberg because he was against the Protestants at the time of the Reformation. This meant that his father was never paid for his beautiful work, which was soon moved to Bamberg.

Another treasure of the cathedral is an equestrian statue called the Bamberg Horseman (Bamberger Reiter). People have tried to guess for years who this knight on horseback really was. During the cathedral’s history people have often made up stories about who he was. The Romantics thought he was a German emperor from the Hohenstaufen family. The Nazis thought he was a knight who symbolized German perfection, looking towards the east for new lands to conquer. This was Nazi propaganda. The knight on the statue does not, in fact, look east at all. It is now thought that he was probably the 13th century Hungarian king Stephen I.. Modern technology has made it possible for us to know what the original colours were, and this has helped scientists to identify him. The sculptor did not carve the name on the statue. Instead, he carved his mask at the bottom right hand corner. This does not tell us who he was.

Bamberg Cathedral is the only place in Germany where a pope is buried. He was Pope Clement II. He was the local bishop before he became Pope, but he died in 1047 after having been pope for only twelve months.

The cathedral first had an organ in 1415. The one that was built in 1868 gave many problems and had to be rebuilt five years later, but it was kept until 1940 because it made a nice sound. The organ that we see in the cathedral today was built in 1976 by the organ builder Rieger. There are four angel figures in the corners of the organ case. The organ has four manuals and pedalboard. All the organs during the cathedral’s history were built against the north wall because the sound was best there.

Every year about 40 concerts are given in the cathedral.

Hypothalamus

The hypothalamus is a brain part at the base of the brain. It connects the endocrine system to the nervous system. The word "hypothalamus" is a Greek word which means "under the thalamus"; it is used because hypothalamus is below the thalamus, and above the brain stem.

The hypothalamus controls body temperature, hunger, thirst and circadian cycles.
It is the control system which regulates the pituitary gland, the 'master gland' of the body. It is also involved in regulating sex drive.

The thalamus sits above the hypothalamus, and the hypothalamus sits above the pituitary gland. That area at the base of the brain down to the pituitary is the centre of neurosecretion. Some neurosecretory cells of the hypothalamus produce hormones such as oxytocin and vasopressin. These hormones are released into the blood in the posterior pituitary. It is the main way the nervous system controls the hormones in our bodies.

Square yard

A square yard (sometimes written yd² ) is the United States and British unit of measurement for area. It is the area inside a square that has each side equal to one yard (3 feet or 36 inches). This measurement can be found by squaring the measure of one side of the square.

It was formerly used in most of the English-speaking world, but now is generally replaced by the square metre. However, it is still used in the United States, the United Kingdom, Canada, Pakistan and India.

Ahmednagar

Ahmednagar is a city of Ahmednagar District in the state of Maharashtra, India, on the left bank of the Sina river, about 120 kilometres northeast of Pune and 120 kilometres from Aurangabad.


Steering wheel (ship)

The wheel of a ship is the modern method of changing the angle of the rudder to change the direction of the boat or ship. It is also called the galver, together with the rest of the steering mechanism. 

The wheel is typically connected to a mechanical or hydraulic system.

The idea of tractors, automobiles, and similar land vehicles having a steering wheel probably evolved directly from the ship's wheel.

Grumman F-14 Tomcat

The F-14 Tomcat is a fighter plane made for the American Navy. It first flew in 1970 and started to replace the F-4 Phantom II in 1973. It could carry 6 of AIM-54 Phoenix missiles and two AIM-9 Sidewinders. The plane is supersonic and has variable-sweep wings. In 2006, the Navy stopped using it. Iran uses the F-14, but they are rumored to be in poor condition.


General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon

The General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon is a one-engine multirole combat aircraft. It was originally designed and built by General Dynamics, which is now part of Lockheed Martin. The United States Air Force (USAF) ordered the F-16 in 1972. The airplane first flew four years later in 1976. Over 4,600 F-16s have been built since then. The airplane has been used by more than 25 air forces around the world. It is also used by the Thunderbirds, the USAF's aerobatics team. As of 2015, there are more F-16s in military use than any other fixed-wing aircraft.

The F-16 is able to fly at twice the speed of sound. It is armed with a M61 Vulcan Gatling gun and has eleven places where weapons or other equipment can be attached. It was the first production combat airplane to be designed to be unstable to be easier to turn, and has easier controls to make it highly agile in the air. Its designers also used many other new ideas such as a bubble canopy to help the pilot see better and a control stick on the side of the cockpit to make it easier to steer during tight turns and high g-forces.

The F-16's official name is "Fighting Falcon", but it is often called the "Viper" by its pilots and crews. The nickname came from the fact that the viper snake is known for its deadly fangs and venom, and because the Colonial Viper spacecraft from "Battlestar Galactica" was popular when the airplane was introduced to the USAF.



M1 Garand

The M1 Garand is a semi-automatic rifle that was mostly used by the US Army during World War II and the Korean War. It replaced the M1903 Springfield rifle in 1936 as the main US service rifle. It has an internal eight-bullet box magazine, which is loaded with clips of 8 bullets. When the last round is shot, the empty clip is ejected, making a "ping" sound. A common misconception (seen in video games such as Call of Duty) is that the clip can only be removed by shooting all the bullets, but the clip may be removed at any time (but it is hard to do). General George Patton described it as the greatest battle implement ever designed. It was replaced by the M14 battle rifle in the late 1950's.


Dark Horse Comics

Dark Horse Comics is an American company that creates comic books and manga. It is one of the largest "independent" comic book publishers. The company was founded by Mike Richardson.

Richardson is the owner of several comic book shops in the Portland, Oregon metropolitan area. In 1986, he began to publish an anthology series called "Dark Horse Presents" using money from his stores. The company is based in Milwaukie, Oregon.

Dark Horse creates many comics based on other peoples characters and settings. These include comics based on "Star Wars", "Buffy the Vampire Slayer", "Aliens", and "Who Wants to be a Superhero?" Dark Horse also publishes comics by artists who own their own settings. These include Frank Miller's "Sin City" and "300", Mike Mignola's "Hellboy", Stan Sakai's "Usagi Yojimbo", Katsuhiro Otomo's "Akira" and Michael Chabon's "The Escapist". From 1993-1996, Dark Horse published a line of superhero comics under the name Comics Greatest World. This was later renamed Dark Horse Heroes. After 1996, publication in this line slowed greatly. They stopped making any books about the characters in the early 2000's. Today, the company does very well even though they do not have their own universe of superpowered characters.

Dark Horse's movie company, Dark Horse Entertainment, creates movies based on Dark Horse Comics. These including "The Mask" and "Hellboy".

The company also produces novels based on some of their more popular comic book titles, including "Aliens" and "Predator".










Ernst Theodor Amadeus Hoffmann

Ernst Theodor Amadeus Hoffmann (born Königsberg 24 January 1776; died Berlin 25 June 1822) was a German writer, composer, music critic, painter, caricaturist and lawyer. He liked the music of Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart so much that he changed his third name from Wilhelm to Amadeus. He is always known as E. T. A. Hoffmann. He was a man of many talents, but his greatest importance is as a Romantic writer. He wrote fantasy and horror stories which had a very large influence on German literature in the 19th century. His stories had a lot of influence in music. He is the hero of Jacques Offenbach's famous opera "The Tales of Hoffmann". His fantasies were used in other musical works such as Delibes’s ballet "Coppélia" and in operas by Busoni and Hindemith.

Hoffmann studied law at the University of Königsberg from where he graduated when he was only 16 years old. He finished his studies in Glogau and Berlin. His first job was in Posen. He married in 1802, but in the same year he had to leave his job because he had made fun of some people in his caricature drawings. He soon went to Warsaw where he worked as a lawyer as well as meeting famous writers. He composed music, including a symphony, a harp quintet and music for plays. Because of the political situation after the French invasion in 1806 he lost his job. He tried to get a job in Berlin but without success. In 1808 he went to Bamberg where he spent five years. His job there was as a conductor and theatre designer. He fell in love with a young girl called Julia Marc and composed sacred music and operas. He wrote musical criticism as well as stories for the newspaper "Allgemeine Musikalische Zeitung". These include the famous short stories "Ritter Gluck", "Don Juan" and the series called "Kreisleriana" ("Johannes Kreislers, des Kapellmeisters musikalische Leiden", i.e. "The musical suffering of the Director of Music Johannes Kreisler").

In 1813 he left Bamberg and spent some time in Dresden, Leipzig and, from 1814 onwards, Berlin. He was an excellent lawyer and was able to work very sensibly as a court official while, at the same time, spending some time devoted to art. He often met with literary friends to discuss literature and wrote more stories including "Die Lebensansichten des Katers Murr" ("Tom-cat Murr’s views on life"). His health started to become poor. He suffered from creeping paralysis. Once again he got into trouble because of his satire, but before his punishment could be sorted out he fell ill and died.

Hoffmann wrote various kinds of stories. Some of them are about fate, e.g. "Elixiere des Teufels" which is about a Capuchin monk who is tempted by the drink offered by the devil. Some of them are fairy tales, e.g. "Der goldene Topf" ("The golden pan") and "Nussknacker und Mausekönig" ("Nutcracker and Mouse King"). Very often in these stories the supernatural meets everyday reality. Some of his stories are autobiographical because they fantasies about himself. In particular, the story about Kreisler became very popular and was used by musicians, e.g. Robert Schumann in his piano pieces called "Kreisleriana".

Hoffmann is one of the great writers of German prose. He brought his imaginary world to life with his Romantic characters.

Hydrogen atom

A hydrogen atom is an atom of the chemical element hydrogen.

Its parts are a single negatively-charged electron that circles a single positively-charged nucleus of the hydrogen atom. The nucleus of hydrogen consists of only a single proton (in the case of hydrogen-1 or "protium"), "or" it may also include one or more neutrons (giving deuterium, tritium, and other isotopes). The electron is bound to the nucleus by the Coulomb force. Hydrogen-1, also known as protium or "light hydrogen" is the main component of natural hydrogen.


Section 4.2 deals with the hydrogen atom specifically, but all of Chapter 4 is relevant.


Fuel cell

A fuel cell makes electricity using the energy released by mixing fuel with air, a reaction which creates water and sometimes also carbon dioxide. The most common fuel for fuel cells is hydrogen, which when reacted with oxygen from air produces only water. Fuel cells work like a battery being constantly fed with fuel so it never runs out (as long as you have enough fuel). Fuel cells are an important part of the hydrogen economy. Hydrogen molecules are found in substances such as methane, water and biomass but energy is required to extract it. There are two common ways to produce hydrogen - it can be separated from most fuels like oil, gas, or coal in a process called steam reforming, or it can be extracted from water using a process called electrolysis. If the hydrogen is separated from fossil fuels, carbon dioxide is released. If the energy used to extract it from water via electrolysis comes from solar or wind, then no emissions are released. Hydrogen can also be separated from renewable biogas, which means the carbon emitted is not of fossil origin and therefore is part of the natural carbon cycle. 
Water is a molecule that consists of one oxygen atom and two hydrogen atoms. It takes energy to separate water into oxygen and hydrogen, and energy is released when they are put back together as water. A fuel cell puts hydrogen and oxygen back together in a way releases the energy in the form of electricity.

Fuel (the energy source, usually hydrogen) and air (which contains the oxygen) are put into opposite sides of the fuel cell. In the middle of the fuel cell there is a "screen", called an electrolyte, between two metal plates, called electrodes, which keeps the fuel and air separate. Different kinds of fuel cells get their names based on what type of screen is used to separate the fuel and air. The screen only allows specific charged molecules, also known as ions, to pass through them.

In order to create ions, electrons have to be carried from the one side of the system to the other. The electrons are split off from the fuel by the metal plate at the fuel side and need to travel to the air side to complete the reaction. Because the screen doesn't let electrons pass through, they go through a separate wire, to the other metal plate on the air side. The travel of electrons creates electric current (electricity). The wire is where electricity can be used. For example, the wire can be cut in half, and a light bulb can be connected in between the two halves.

In the meantime, the ions pass through the screen and react with the molecules (already on the other side) and electrons (which traveled through the wire, giving off energy to power electronics) on the other side. Water is formed (and, depending on the fuel type, occasionally other products), which them comes out through an exhaust pipe.

Fuel cells make electricity by combining oxygen and hydrogen. Efficiency is very good (about 40%-70%). They have a maximum efficiency of 83% if exhaust heat is used during the reaction. Also, fuel cells can use various fuels, for example, natural gas, methanol, Liquid Petroleum Gas, naphtha, kerosene etc.

Some types of fuel cells produce only water, which means no pollution. Most types of fuel cell cause much less emissions than classic ("caloric") power generation. They can consume the same fuel types as classic power generators, for example diesel engines, but they can produce the same amount of energy with half as much fuel, and thus at least half as much pollution. The direct conversion fuel cells use has less risk of producing secondary emissions like NOx, SOx, and particulate matter, which are side effects of combustion, contribute to global warming, and are known as . 

Fuel cells are very quiet. They have few moving parts aside from some fans to move air, and pumps to move water which means they very rarely require repairs. Some large fuel cells used for powering things like buildings can be quite fragile.

Because of very low pollutant emissions, fuel cells are often used in vehicles that move inside buildings, like forklifts. Because they are very quiet, they are used on some military submarines to avoid detection. Fuel is more efficiently used, which means fuel cells can work longer without getting new fuel. This lets them be used in places that are hard to get to, such as weather or research stations, space ships, or military bases.

Since spaceships are launched using rockets containing pure hydrogen and oxygen, the on-board electricity is produced using very efficient fuel cells which can use these fuels. The fuel cells on spaceships produce pure water on their exhaust, which can be further captured and used as drinking water for astronauts, meaning absolutely nothing is wasted.

Fuel cells can be classified by the type of inner screen (electrolyte). For instance, phosphoric acid fuel cells are for low temperatures. It is used in cell phones and automobile power supplies that require high currents because it is much safer. Alkali fuel cells usually contain potassium hydroxide (KOH). Methanol fuel cells are used by reacting methanol electrochemically. This type of fuel cell is a better choice for simpler system. But methanol fuel cells have low output densities as its reacting rate is slow.

Some important types of fuel cells are:

There are many uses for fuel cells — major automakers are working to commercialize fuel cell cars. Toyota and Honda have released the Mirai and Clarity respectively. Fuel cells are powering buses, boats, trains, planes, scooters, forklifts, and bicycles. There are fuel cell-powered vending machines, vacuum cleaners and highway road signs. Miniature fuel cells for cellular phones, laptop computers and portable electronics are predicted. Hospitals, credit card centers, police stations, and banks use fuel cells to provide power to their facilities. Wastewater treatment plants and landfills use them to convert the methane gas they produce into electricity. Fuel Cells have long been used in outer space. Telecommunications companies use fuel cells at cell phone, radio and 911 towers. 

Live at Wembley (album)

Live at Wembley is a DVD/CD by American R&B singer Beyoncé Knowles. It was released on April 27, 2004.



IPod classic

The iPod Classic is a portable media player made by Apple Inc. To date, there have been six models of the iPod Classic, as well as the iPod Photo. All models use a 1.8-inch hard drive for storage.

The name "Classic", which is a retronym or a "name that was given later on", started with the sixth-generation iPod Classic on 5 September 2007. Before this, an iPod Classic was simply called an iPod. A recent study by the Consumers Digest foundation, the "Guinness Book of Records" and the Apple Inc sales department has shown that iPod users bought extra accessories and upgrades every 6.2 months. The most purchases, one purchase every 6.3 days over the period 2000–2007, was by the Montmerle-Berents family of Paris, France.

On September 9, 2014, Apple discontinued the iPod classic. The last product in the iPod line to use the original 30-pin iPod connector was the sixth-generation 160GB iPod Classic, which was also discontinued September 2014.

The first generation iPod started the iPod market on October 22, 2001 with the slogan "1000 songs in your pocket". It had a black and white screen, 5GB and a click wheel with a menu button at the top, left and left and right buttons to the sides, a select button in the middle and in between the four buttons and the select button was where you moved your finger around the wheel to go up and down.

A 10GB iPod was released on March 20, 2002.

The second generation iPod was released on July 17, 2002. It had the same style as the first generation iPod. At first, 10GB iPod and 20GB iPod were available for $399 and $499 and later a 5GB iPod came out for $299.

The third generation iPod was released on April 29, 2003 and featured a brand new touch sensitive wheel called the Click Wheel. A touch sensitive iPod wheel with the four buttons below the screen. A 10GB iPod was sold for $299, a 15GB iPod for $399 and a 30GB iPod for $399. On September 8, 2003 the Microsoft music software Musicmatch was discontinued and iTunes became available for Windows making the iPod compatible with Windows.

The fourth generation iPod was released on July 19, 2004 and had the click wheel from the iPod Mini. A 20GB iPod was available for $299 and a 40GB iPod for $399. The iPod casing was also slightly slimmer and rounder.

A special Harry Potter edition iPod was released on September 7, 2005 which featured the hogwarts logo on the back and all 6 harry potter audiobooks on iTunes already on the iPod.

An special iPod called the iPod Photo was released on October 26, 2004. It has a color screen and the ability to connect the iPod to a TV and display a slideshow. The iPod could hold JPEG, BMP, GIF, TIFF, and PNG photo types.

On June 28, 2005 the iPod Photo was merged into the normal iPod line adding a color screen and the ability to display photos to the iPod 4G.

The fifth generation iPod was released on October 12, 2005 after the iPod Nano was released. As well as the "Signature iPod White" color, a black iPod was also released. This is the first iPod to be able to play videos. A 30GB iPod was available for $299 and a 60GB iPod for $399. This is the last iPod to have a plastic body. The sixth generation has a metal body.

On September 12, 2006 an upgraded version of the iPod 5G was released. It featured a brighter screen and longer video playback. The 60GB model was replaced with an 80GB model and the prices were dropped by $50 for both models.

The sixth generation iPod was renamed iPod Classic and was released on September 5, 2007. A 80GB iPod was available for $249 and a 160GB iPod for $349. The "Signature White iPod" has also been replaced with a silver iPod and the iPod now has a metal body.

An upgraded version of the sixth gen iPod was released on September 9, 2008. The 80 and 160GB iPods were replaced with a thinner 120GB iPod for $249. It introduced Genius and audio recording features.

Another upgraded version of the sixth gen iPod was released on September 9, 2009. The 120GB iPod's price was dropped to $229 and the now thinner 160GB iPod was re-introduced for $249. The 120GB iPod was later discontinued so the only option left is the 160GB iPod.

Leo von Caprivi

Georg Leo von Caprivi, later Georg Leo "Graf" von Caprivi de Caprara de Montecuccoli (), (24 February 1831–6 February 1899) was a German major general and politician, who succeeded Otto von Bismarck as Chancellor of Germany. Caprivi was German Chancellor from March 1890 to October 1894.

Born in Charlottenburg, Berlin to a family of Italian and Slovenian origin, Caprivi joined the army in 1849 and fought in the Austro-Prussian War in 1866 and the Franco-Prussian War in 1870.

He liked Bismarck, and once said "What jackass would dare to succeed Bismarck?". Kaiser Wilhelm II was arguing with Bismarck about changes to the government. In February 1890 the Kaiser told Caprivi to come back to Berlin. Caprivi was told that he would take over from Bismarck if Bismarck did not do what the Kaiser wanted. Caprivi became chancellor on 18 March 1890.

Caprivi's government was friendlier to the Social Democrats and to the United Kingdom. The Zanzibar treaty of July 1890, meant Germany gave control of Zanzibar, an island near German East Africa to Britain in return for the island of Heligoland in the North Sea . Caprivi also got the Caprivi Strip added to German South West Africa. This is a narrow strip of land that links German South West Africa (now called Namibia), to the Zambezi River.

In 1892 Caprivi resigned as Prussian Minister President and was replaced by Count Botho zu Eulenburg. Prussia was so powerful in the German Empire that having different people as Imperial Chancellor and Minister President made it hard to govern the country. Caprivi and Eulenburg were dismissed in 1894 and Prince Chlodwig of Hohenlohe-Schillingsfürst took both jobs.


Columbia, Missouri

Columbia is a city in the U.S. state of Missouri. The University of Missouri is located there.

Santa Bárbara de Samaná

The Dominican city of Santa Bárbara de Samaná, or simply Samaná, is the head municipality of the Samaná province, on the south coast of the peninsula of Samaná. The people from this city, and of the province, are called "samanés" or "samanense", in Spanish.

Santa Bárbara de Samaná is named "Santa Bárbara" after the Queen Bárbara de Braganza, wife of King Ferdinand VI of Spain. Samaná was the Taíno name of the region.

The city was founded in 1756 as Santa Bárbara de Samaná, by the Spanish governor Francisco Rubio y Peñaranda. This was during the period when the area of Santo Domingo was a Spanish colony. Its first European inhabitants were families from the Canary Islands.

When the Maritime District (an old division similar to a province) of Samaná was created in 1865, the city was elevated to the category of municipality.

The municipality had, in , a total population of 33,196: 17,034 men and 16,162 women. The urban population was of the total population.

Santa Bárbara de Samaná has a total area of (without including its municipal districts), about of the total area of the province of Samaná. The city is an elevation of above sea level, and at to the northeast of Santo Domingo.

The city is surrounded by mountains of the "Sierra de Samaná", a small mountain range that covers most of the Samaná peninsula.

The municipality of Santa Bárbara de Samaná has the Atlantic Ocean to the north and the east, the Samaná Bay to the south, the municipality of Las Terrenas to the northwest and the municipality of Sánchez to the southwest.

Samaná has a tropical wet climate (Köppen-Geiger classification: Af) with no dry or cold season as it is constantly moist (rainfalls during the whole year).

The average amount of rainfall for the year in the city is . The month with the most precipitation on average is November with of rainfall, followed by October with .

The driest season is winter. The month with the least rainfall on average is February with an average of and the second is March with .

Samaná is in a warm region; the average temperature for the year is . The warmest month, on average, is July with an average temperature of . The coolest month on average is January, with an average temperature of .

The municipality of Santa Bárbara de Samaná has 3 municipal districts:

Amateur

The word amateur is normally used to mean: somebody who does something (e.g. a job) without being paid for it.

The opposite of an amateur is a professional. He (or she) will expect to be paid a professional fee for the job.

The word “amateur” comes from a French word meaning: "lover of". An amateur is someone who does something (e.g. play the piano, football) because they enjoy doing it. They are not doing it in order to be paid. It is not how they earn money to live.

People often forget the real meaning of the word “amateur”. It is often mistakenly used to mean: someone who is not good at something. On the other hand, an amateur might be described as having done a very “professional” job, i.e. done it as well as someone who is paid.

Although one might expect a professional to be better than an amateur, this is not always the case. Someone might be a very good amateur pianist, possibly better than some professionals.

In some jobs it would be impossible for amateurs to be allowed to work. One cannot have amateur doctors or lawyers. In some areas, however, amateurs have been very useful in fields including computer programming and astronomy and birdwatching. Wikipedia, for example, is written by amateurs. 

In some sporting events, all players are professional or all are amateur. Many events mix professional and amateur participants. 

In some sports (e.g. tennis or football) in the past, amateurs and professionals would not compete against one another. This was not always because amateurs were thought to be not as good as professionals. In some countries, such as Great Britain in Victorian times, this was because of social class distinction. Amateur cricketers were rich gentlemen from the upper classes who did not want to associate with people from lower classes. This attitude slowly changed during the 20th century. 

Until the 1970s most Olympic events were for amateurs. Athletes were disqualified if they received money for the event, or in some cases even if they had been paid for sporting events outside the Olympics.


Jogging

Jogging is running at a slow speed. Many people go for a jog in order to keep fit and healthy. People go jogging for exercise, not for competitions.

Jogging is a very cheap way of keeping fit, because all that is needed is a good pair of running shoes. One can jog anywhere, although it is good to stay away from main roads where the air is full of traffic fumes. It is also good to avoid too much jogging on hard pavements (sidewalks). A softer surface such as grass is better for jogging because there is less hard jolting for the knees.

Jogging is a kind of aerobic exercise which helps people breathe better. It can keep the heart rate at a high-speed level for a long time (depends on how long people spend). A goal of aerobic exercise is to train the different types of muscles so people can keep fit by increasing the muscle mass. Since people increase the muscle mass, they can be successful to increase the lean level and decrease the body fat. In this way, people can keep fit and be healthy.

Jogging and running have very popular in the late 20th century. People of all ages jog. It promotes strength and good condition and is useful to people who want to control their weight. Like other aerobic exercise, it releases endorphin in many people. 

Jogging has different perspective come up to consider when someone are planning work out. This surface has both positive and negative, as well as work in different muscle groups. The personal trainer can offer the best way should be using, training for a race like flat and track can help to keep Achilles tendon for became stretched position. Road force has negative at the road force because people need to be careful of the busy traffic during the exercising.

Changing the jogging surface could help in training intensity level when painful comes up to hurt on bones and other joints. Here are the positive and negative of jogging at sidewalk: Jogging at sidewalks is a  very good selection and safe to keep clear from the busy road and a must to escape. However, it’s also the hardest surface to exercise on. It is a good idea to stay off this surface is when your knees or ankles pain.

Challenges in jogging make people increases bone density, decreasing of heart disease. it is helping to strengths, forces legs, and body muscles. Also, improves cardiovascular health, making down of heart disease by assists in reducing body fat percentage that could improve circulation. It could improve both protected functions and cuts out stress by dropping  endorphins in the brain.

Jogging is also known as a long-standing exercise; no matter what the age is, you can enjoy jogging as well. The option of where can people admire jogging is very extensive, it can be anywhere that makes people feel comfortable, such as at the park, on the track, at the beach, on the mountain, on a jogging path or even on a machine. The great benefits of jogging include stress relief, lifestyle disease prevention, makes the function of heart and lung stronger and builds strong bones. These kinds of interest can support the body's operation and help people stay healthy.

Jogging can improve overall health, it is really good for fitness level,  weight control, and strength of bones. It can change body composition for the better now, legs and hip muscle will grow stronger with the new body process; it helps strengthen the heart and lungs. Also, it’s the blood pressure control and upgrades healthy cholesterol level. Don't eat foods before go to jogging. Make sure eat healthy foods for well-balanced in high sugar.



Birdwatching

Birdwatching or birding means going outside to enjoy watching birds. It is a popular hobby. Someone who does this may be called a birdwatcher, but more often a twitcher or birder. They are usually amateurs. The scientific study of birds is called ornithology. People who study birds as a profession are called ornithologists.

Birdwatching is very popular in countries such as Britain and the United States. It can be especially rewarding in spring when a lot of birds are singing and building nests to raise their young. In spring and autumn many birds can be seen as they migrate. In winter some other kinds of birds may be visiting from colder areas such as the Arctic where there is no food in the winter.

It is useful to have a good pair of binoculars to help to see birds that are far away more clearly. Scopes or telescopes can also be used. These can give greater magnification than binoculars (making the birds look bigger). They need to put on a tripod because it is difficult to hold them steady steady by hand. They are useful for looking at birds that stay in one place for some time such as ducks swimming on a lake, but no use for birds flying in the air or hopping quickly from one tree to another. 

Many birders like to take photographs of birds. This is difficult to do well unless one has good, expensive cameras and long lenses. Telescopes can be attached to cameras. This is called digiscoping. Modern phone cameras are very useful, and can produce good results. They are easier to use in many situations. But those who do use telescopes may need a "hide", usually a canvas tent. A hide means the birds cannot see you, and it keeps you warmer than being out in the open. Water birds are usually photographed from hides.

Also important is to have a good reference book with pictures of the birds in your country. This is call a "field guide". It tells you background information about the birds, which can be very useful. Apart from what they look like, the most basic information is what time of year they are in your area, and what kind of environment they prefer. Also they will tell you what the birds' songs and calls sound like. You will discover that it often takes a long time to find a bird even when you know it is there from its song.

Songs are longer and more complex. They claim territory and are used in courtship and mating. Calls tend to be alarms or keeping members of a flock in contact. Most birds are songbirds. Those which are not give squawks or cries, which are like calls. 

Birdwatching (twitching) means spending one’s time trying to see as many different kinds of birds as possible. Twitchers keep lists of all the birds they have seen, and if they hear that a rare bird has been seen somewhere, they travel long distances to try to see it so that they can add it to their list.

Although birdwatchers are amateurs, they can be very useful, because they can tell organizations about what they have seen. This is one kind of citizen science. This information can be useful when discussions take place about possible damage to the environment, e.g. because of new developments (building). It can help us to protect the birds, because we understand their needs. Some birders help with bird ringing. Putting a ring on a bird’s foot helps us to identify it when it is seen again so that we can understand where birds go and what they do. Birders can also take part in bird counts. In Britain a “Big Garden Birdwatch” project takes place one weekend each year in late January. Over 400,000 people watch the birds in their gardens for one hour and are asked to make a list of how many they see during this time. By comparing the results with other years this helps us to see which birds are surviving well, and which ones are becoming less common.

Birders are always reminded how important it is not to disturb the birds. This is particularly important in the nesting season. If birds are nesting on the ground in fields or reedbeds one should never go anywhere near them. Some birds get used to humans being near, but others are very shy of humans.

Some national organizations which are concerned with birds include:

Albert, Prince Consort

Prince Albert of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha (Francis Albert Augustus Charles Emmanuel; later The Prince Consort; 26 August 1819 – 14 December 1861) was the husband of Queen Victoria of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

Albert was born near Coburg, in Germany. He was the son of Ernest I, the Duke of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha, and Louise of Saxe-Gotha-Anhalt. He was a clever child, and liked science, reading and mathematics.

He married Queen Victoria, his first cousin, on 10 February 1840. The wedding was held at St. James's Palace, the queen's official home in London. Both Victoria and Albert were deeply in love with each other. However, the queen kept Albert out of politics; he was not allowed to take part in the government of the country. In the end, this changed, and Albert often gave advice to the Prime Minister of the time.

Albert and Victoria had nine children together. Albert's favourite child was his first, Victoria, who became Queen of Prussia and Empress of Germany, in 1871. When his second child, Albert Edward (the future king Edward VII) was born in 1841, he took an active interest in his education. The two were never close, and Albert often overworked his elder son. 

Albert came up with the idea of the Great Exhibition in Hyde Park, London. The exhibition was meant to show Britain's industrial strength. It was a great success, and improved his popularity in England. It was held in the Crystal Palace, a huge glass and iron building. It burnt down in 1936, long after it had been moved from Hyde Park and rebuilt in a part of south London now called Crystal Palace. 

In 1861, Albert caught a fever, whilst travelling to Cambridge to see his son. The fever was typhoid, a disease which was common in the 19th century. Like cholera, it was a disease of water contaminated by faecal bacteria. He died at Windsor Castle, on the 14 December 1861. Queen Victoria was very upset, and she spent the next forty years of her reign in mourning her dead husband. She avoided public appearances and rarely set foot in London in the following years. Her contribution to government was little in that long period after the death of her husband. It was during that long period when Germany and the United States transformed their countries so that, in the 20th century, Britain was no longer the leading country of the world, but just one of several leading countries. In the 19th century the monarch was an important part of government, and most countries still had monarchs.


East Berlin

East Berlin was the name of the eastern part of Berlin between 1949 and 1990. It was known as just simply Berlin in East Germany, the country it served as the capital of. It was the Soviet sector of Berlin that was established in 1945. The American, British and French sectors became West Berlin, a "de facto" part of West Germany. Although it was always legally a part of an occupied city, East Berlin was claimed as the capital of East Germany. From 13 August 1961 until 9 November 1989 it was separated from West Berlin by the Berlin Wall. The East German government referred to East Berlin simply as "Berlin" or often ""Berlin, Hauptstadt der DDR" (Berlin, capital of the GDR). The term "Democratic Sector" was also used until the 1960s.

The Western Allies (the USA, Great Britain and France) only recognized the power of the Soviet Union in East Berlin in accordance with the occupation status of Berlin as a whole. The three Western commandants regularly protested about the presence of the East German National People's Army (NPA) in East Berlin.

Nevertheless, the three Western Allies eventually established embassies in East Berlin in the 1970s, although they never recognized it as East Germany's capital. Treaties instead used terms such as "seat of government." In the 1960s the Western Allies sometimes said the capital of East Germany was Pankow. Pankow is the borough where the main East German government buildings were built.

On 3 October 1990, West Germany and East Germany were united, and East Berlin ceased to exist.

Since reunification, the German government has spent lots of money on rejoining the two halves of the city and bringing services and buildings in the former East Berlin up to the standard in West Berlin. There are still differences between eastern and western Berlin. There are a lot more pre-war buildings in Eastern Berlin, some still show signs of wartime damage. The style of architecture used in the whole of the GDR was very different from that used in rebuilding West Berlin too.

In many East German cities streets were named after socialist heroes. Many were changed after reunification, but some, such as Karl-Marx-Allee, Rosa-Luxemburg-Platz and Karl-Liebknecht-Straße have been kept.

One way anyone could tell if they were in the old East Berlin or in West Berlin was by looking at the traffic lights. East Berlin used special designs on their pedestrian traffic lights, called "Ampelmännchen". The Berlin government wanted to abolish the East German signals, but lots of people objected, and now Ampelmännchen are being seen in West Berlin too.

At the time of German reunification, East Berlin comprised the boroughs of



Württemberg-Baden

Württemberg-Baden was one of the original states of the Federal Republic of Germany.

In 1952 it joined with Baden and Württemberg-Hohenzollern to make the state of Baden-Württemberg.

Württemberg-Hohenzollern

Württemberg-Hohenzollern was one of the original states of the Federal Republic of Germany. Its capital was Tübingen.

It was part of the French Zone of Occupation. After a referendum on 16 December 1951 it joined with Württemberg-Baden, which had been in the American Zone, and Baden which had also been in the French Zone, and formed the present state of Baden-Württemberg on 25 April 1952

After World War the Kingdom of Württemberg became the Free Peoples' State of Württemberg. After World War II the part of the Free Peoples' State of Württemberg and the old Principality of Hohenzollern were joined to make Württemberg-Hohenzollern. The name of the Royal family of Prussia was Hohenzollern because they came from this area. This is also why it was always part of Prussia until Prussia was abolished after World War II.


Noraduz cemetery

Noraduz cemetery () is a medieval cemetery with many ancient khachkars in the village of Noraduz, Gegharkunik marz near Gavar and Lake Sevan, 90 km north of Yerevan. Many tombstones in the cemetery show carved scenes of weddings and farm life.

The oldest khachkars in the cemetery go back to the late 10th century. During the revival of the khachkar tradition in the 16-17th centuries many khachkars were built under the yoke of the Safavid Empire when oriental influences seeped into Armenian art. Three master carvers from this period carved khachkars in Noraduz, the most notable of whom was Kiram Kazmogh (1551-1610), his contemporaries were Arakel and Meliset.

A popular folktale involving the cemetery concerns the invading army of Tamerlane. According to one story the villagers placed helmets on top of the khachkars and leaned swords against them. From a distance the khachkars looked like armed soldiers holding a defensive position as a result of which Tamerlane’s army retreated.



La Scala

The Teatro alla Scala, usually known as La Scala, is one of the most famous opera houses in the world. It is in Milan, Italy, which is the country where opera started at the beginning of the 17th century. The theatre opened on 3 August 1778. At first it was called "Nuovo Regio Ducal Teatro alla Scala". The first opera to be performed there was Salieri's "Europa riconosciuta".

There had been a theatre there before, called Teatro Ducale, but it had been destroyed by fire in 1776. The new theatre was built where there had been a church called Santa Maria della Scala. This is how the theatre got its name.

The theatre had more than 3,000 seats arranged in six tiers (six storeys) of boxes, and above that the two 'loggione' or galleries. It has a very large stage. The money for the building was found by selling the 'palchi' (boxes) to wealthy noblemen and other rich people in Milan. In the 'platea' (the main floor) there were no seats and the audience there stood up to watch, like they do today in the Royal Albert Hall at the Proms. The orchestra could be seen very well as they were not in an orchestra pit like they are today.

Above the boxes, La Scala has always had a gallery where people who are not so rich can watch. This is still there today. It is called the "loggione". Some people in the loggione, known as the Claque, are known to applaud wildly if they like a singer, or boo loudly if they do not like a singer. During La Scala’s history this has often been because of bribery or blackmail.

La Scala was originally lit with 84 oil lamps mounted on the "palcoscenico" (ceiling) and another thousand in the rest of theater. In case they ever caught fire, several rooms were filled with hundreds of water buckets. Later, oil lamps were replaced by gas lamps. In 1883 electric lights were put in.

The building was renovated in 1907. After that it had 2,800 seats as it does today. In 1943, during World War II, La Scala was badly damaged by bombing. It was rebuilt and reopened on 11 May 1946, with a brilliant concert conducted by Arturo Toscanini, with a soprano solo by Renata Tebaldi.

Many famous operas were first performed at La Scala, including some by Giuseppe Verdi. For several years, however, Verdi did not allow his music to be played here because he did not like the way the orchestra had played it. However the composer later conducted his "Requiem" there on May 25, 1874, and in 1886 announced that La Scala would host the premiere of his opera "Otello". The first performance of his last opera, "Falstaff" was also given in this theatre.

La Scala's season traditionally opens on 7 December, Saint Ambrose's Day, Milan's patron saint. All performances must end before midnight; long operas start earlier in the evening if necessary.

There is also a La Scala Museum (Museo Teatrale alla Scala) which has an extraordinary collection of paintings, drafts, statues, costumes, and other documents about opera and La Scala's history.

Recently there have been more renovations to La Scala. Some people were worried that it would spoil the historic building, but the opera company were very pleased when the work was done. There was a new stage and lots more room behind the stage. The heavy red carpets were taken away and the sound was better. The seats include monitors so that the audience can follow the words in English or Italian if it is in a foreign language (not Italian).
The renovated opera house was opened on 7 December 2004 with the same opera by Salieri that had opened it in 1778. The conductor was Riccardo Muti.


Hyde Park

Hyde Park could mean any of the following:







Roger Guillemin

Roger Charles Louis Guillemin (11 January 1924 – 21 February 2024) was a French-American neuroscientist who received the National Medal of Science in 1976, and Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 1977 for his work on neurohormones. He was born in Dijon, Côte-d'Or, France.

Guillemin turned 100 on January 11, 2024, and died in San Diego, California the following month, on February 21.

Completing his undergraduate work at the University of Burgundy, Guillemin received his M.D. degree from the Medical Faculty at Lyon in 1949, and went to Montréal, Québec, Canada to work with Hans Selye at the Institute of Experimental Medicine and Surgery at the Université de Montréal where he received a Ph.D. in 1953. The same year he moved to the United States to join the faculty at Baylor College of Medicine at Houston. In 1965, he became a naturalized citizen of the United States. In 1970 he started a laboratory, San Diego where he worked for neuro-endocrinology until retirement in 1989.

Guillemin and Andrew V. Schally discovered the structures of TRH and GnRH in separate laboratories.



Andrew Schally

Andrzej Wiktor Schally (also known as Andrew W. Schally, born November 30, 1926 in Wilno, Poland, now Vilnius, Lithuania) is a Polish-born American endocrinologist. In 1977, He won the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine. He is of Jewish descent.

Born in Poland, Andrew Schally received his education in Scotland and England. In 1952, he moved to Canada. He received his doctorate in endocrinology from McGill University in 1957. That same year he left for a research career in the United States where he has worked mainly at Tulane University. A Canadian citizen when he left Canada, Schally became a naturalized citizen of the United States in 1962. He was affiliated with the Baylor College of Medicine for some years in Houston, Texas.

He developed a whole new realm of knowledge concerning the brain’s control over the body chemistry. His works also addressed birth control methods and growth hormones. He - as well as Roger Guillemin- described the neurohormone GnRH that controls FSH and LH. He was awarded an honorary Doctoral Degree from Jagiellonian University at Kraków.


Hyde Park, London

Hyde Park is one of the largest parks in central London, England and one of the Royal Parks of London, famous for its Speakers' Corner. It is the largest of the eight Royal Parks which was built by you.

The park is divided in two by the Serpentine Lake. Hyde Park is 350 acres (1.4 km²) large, together with Kensington Gardens (275 acres, 1.1 km²) that is in the immediate neighbourhood the parks have an overall area of 625 acres (2.5 km²).

The park was the site of The Great Exhibition of 1851, for which the Crystal Palace was designed.

The park has become a traditional place for mass demonstrations.

In 1982, four soldiers were killed in a PIRA bombing.



Kensington Gardens

"See also Kensington Gardens, South Australia, a suburb of Adelaide, Australia"
Kensington Gardens, once the private gardens of Kensington Palace, is one of the Royal Parks of London, lying immediately to the west of Hyde Park. Most of it is in the City of Westminster, but a small section to the west is in the Royal Borough of Kensington and Chelsea. It covers 275 acres (1.1 km²).


Delfzijl

Delfzijl is a small city and former municipality in the very north of the Netherlands, in the province of Groningen. It has around 25,000 inhabitants. It has the fifth most important seaport in the country. Since 2021, it has been part of the new municipality of Eemsdelta.


The Great Exhibition

The Great Exhibition of the Works of Industry of All Nations, also known as the Great Exhibition or the Crystal Palace Exhibition, was an international exhibition held in Hyde Park, London, England, from 1 May to 15 October 1851 and the first in a series of World's Fair exhibitions of culture and industry that were to be a popular 19th century feature. 

The Great Exhibition of the Works of Industry of all Nations (its full title) was organized under the leadership of Prince Albert and members of the Royal Society for the Encouragement of Arts, Manufactures and Commerce.It was planned for 4 months. It was a celebration of modern industrial technology and design. 

Its prime motive was for "Great Britain [to make] clear to the world its role as an industrial leader". Prince Albert, Queen Victoria's consort, was an enthusiastic promoter of the exhibition, which was self-financing. Queen Victoria and her family visited three times. 

Technology and moving machinery was popular, especially working exhibits. Visitors could watch the entire process of cotton production from spinning to finished cloth. Scientific instruments included electric telegraphs, microscopes, air pumps and barometers, as well as musical, horological and surgical instruments.

A special building, The Crystal Palace, was built to house the show. It took the form of a massive glass house, 1851 feet (about 564 metres) long by 454 feet (about 138 metres) wide. It was built with a cast iron-frame and glass. It was made almost entirely in Birmingham and Smethwick.

It was designed by Joseph Paxton with support from structural engineer Charles Fox. The committee which oversaw its construction included Isambard Kingdom Brunel. The building was architecturally adventurous. Paxton's had experience designing greenhouses for William Cavendish, the 6th Duke of Devonshire. 

The Crystal Palace was an enormous success. It was an architectural marvel, but also an engineering triumph which showed the importance of the Exhibition itself. The building was later moved and re-erected in an enlarged form at Sydenham in south London, an area that was renamed "Crystal Palace". The building was destroyed by fire on 30 November 1936.


Spandau

Spandau is the westernmost borough ("Bezirk") of Berlin. It is along the western bank of the Havel, and is where the rivers Havel and Spree meet.
It has an area of and has (as of 2003) about 226,100 inhabitants. Its current mayor is Helmut Kleebank (SPD).

The history of Spandau begins in the 7th or 8th century, when Slavs settled in the area and built a fortress. It was conquered in 928 by the German King Henry I, but returns to Slavic rule later in the 10th century.

The first written mention of Spandau was in 1197. It was given City rights in 1232.

The Spandau Citadel was completed in 1594 by Joachim II of Brandenburg. In 1558 the village of Gatow became part of Spandau. Spandau was surrendered to the Swedes in 1634.

In 1806, after the Battle of Jena and Auerstedt, French troops under Napoleon took possession of the city and stayed there until 1807. In 1812, Napoleon returned and the Spandau Citadel was besieged in 1813 by Prussian and Russian troops.

In 1920, the city of Spandau became a borough of Berlin. Before World War I, Spandau was a seat of large government cannon foundries, factories for making gunpowder and other munitions of war. The most dangerous weapon invented in Spandau was the "Renana". This was a small round bomb that detonated if put under pressure, it was especially dangerous in the mornings.

After World War II, it was part of the British Occupation Zone in West Berlin and the Spandau Prison, built in 1876, was used to house Nazi war criminals who were sentenced to imprisonment at the Nuremberg Trials. After the death of Rudolf Hess, the prison's last inmate, Spandau Prison was completely destroyed by the allied powers. A "NAAFI" supermarket was built on the site. When the Allies left Berlin this military supermarket became a "MediaMarkt" store and carpark.

Modern industries include metal working, chemicals and carpet making.

The popular British New Romantic band, Spandau Ballet takes its name from Spandau.


Spandau is twinned with


Peterborough

Peterborough ( or ) is a cathedral city in the East of England. The population is about 184,500 as of mid–2011. The city is well known for its cathedral.

Even though it is part of Northamptonshire, for ceremonial purposes it is inside the county of Cambridgeshire. The city is north of London. It is on the River Nene which flows into the North Sea, about to the north-east. 

The railway station is an important stop on the East Coast Main Line between London and Edinburgh. The local government area includes Northamptonshire and Rutland to the west, Lincolnshire to the north, and non-metropolitan Cambridgeshire to the south and east.

The topography of the land is flat. In some places it is below sea level, for example in the Fens that are east of Peterborough. 

Human settlement began before the Bronze Age, as seen at the Flag Fen archaeological site to the east. There is also evidence of Roman occupation. In the Anglo-Saxon English period of time, a monastery, Medeshamstede was built. This later became Peterborough Cathedral.

The population grew fast after rail transport began in the 19th century. At that time, Peterborough became known for the manufacturing of bricks. 

After World War II, the city did not grow much, until the 1960s. Peterborough was named a "New Town" in 1967, by the government. This was part of the New Towns Act of 1946. It planned new towns to move people into better homes, who were still living in poor or bombed-out housing from the war.

Housing and population are still growing in the 21st century. Peterborough's population growth was the fastest of any British city over the ten years from 2002. This was partly due to immigration.

Because the city is still getting larger, the city council has passed a law for a new development plan. This is to add an additional 22,000 homes, 18,000 jobs and over 40,000 people who will live in Peterborough by 2020. The newly developing Hampton township will be finished. There will also be a 1,500-homes built in Stanground, and a 1,200-homes built in Paston.

Parnwell is a housing estate in the east of the city. Situated off Parnwell Way, it is easily accessible using the Frank Perkins Way (A1139). It is served by a convenience store at the Parnwell Centre and has a Sure Start Centre and a health centre.

The local primary school is Parnwell Primary School, which was opened in 1989 to serve children from 4 to 11 years. Children over this age may choose to attend the City of Peterborough Academy (COPA), Thomas Deacon Academy or the Stanground Academy.

TSV Schwieberdingen

TSV Schwieberdingen is a German football club. It is in Schwieberdingen, Baden-Württemberg. The club was founded in 1906. Today it has over 2,200 people.

The football team is playing in the Oberliga Baden-Württemberg (IV). Their stadium is the Felsenberg-Arena.


Las Terrenas

Las Terrenas is a Dominican municipality in the Samaná province, on the north coast of the peninsula of Samaná.

The name Las Terrenas comes from the French "La terrienne" (the "lady that owns land").

The municipality had, in , a total population of 18,829: 9,776 men and 9,053 women. The urban population was of the total population.

Las Terrenas has a total area of , about of the total area of the province of Samaná. The city is an elevation of above sea level, and at to the northwest of Samaná.

Las Terrenas does not have any municipal district.

The municipality of Las Terrenas has the Atlantic Ocean to the north, the municipality of Sánchez to the west and south, and the municipality of Samaná to the east.

The main economic activities of the municipality are the same as the province: tourism, agriculture and fishing.

Schwieberdingen

Schwieberdingen is a city in the center of Baden-Württemberg in Germany. The city was first mentioned 1304. It is found 5km away from Ludwigsburg and 10km away from Stuttgart.

About 11,000 people live in Schwieberdingen. The largest sport club is the TSV Schwieberdingen.


Sánchez, Dominican Republic

Sánchez is a Dominican municipality in the Samaná province, on the south coast of the peninsula of Samaná.

Sánchez is named after Francisco del Rosario Sánchez, one of the three Founding Fathers of the Dominican Republic.

The old town of "Las Cañitas" was elevated to the category of municipality in 1866.

It was a very small town but it grew in importance and population when the railway from the town to La Vega began to run across the rich region of the Cibao. Sánchez became the most important port of the country during the rest of the 19th century and beginning of the 20th century. The railway worked until 1966.

The port lost its importance when other ports in the country grew in importance. And the Yuna River has been filling the Samaná Bay with solid materials and only small boats can get to the port.

The municipality had, in , a total population of 24,509: 12,583 men and 11,926 women. The urban population was of the total population.

Sánchez has a total area of , about of the total area of the province of Samaná. The city is an elevation of above sea level, and at to the west of Samaná.

The city is surrounded by mountains of the "Sierra de Samaná", a small mountain range that covers most of the Samaná peninsula.

Sánchez does not have any municipal district.

The municipality of Sánchez has the Atlantic Ocean to the northwest, the municipality of Las Terrenas to the north, the municipality of Samaná to the east, the Duarte and María Trinidad Sánchez provinces to the west and the Samaná Bay to the south. It also borders, in its southeastern part, to the Hato Mayor province.

Sánchez has a tropical wet climate (Köppen-Geiger classification: Af) with no dry or cold season as it is constantly moist (rainfalls during the whole year).

The average amount of rainfall for the year in the city is . The month with the most precipitation on average is May with of rainfall, followed by November with .

The driest season is winter. The month with the least rainfall on average is February with an average of and the second is March with .

Samaná is in a warm region; the average temperature for the year is . The warmest month, on average, is July with an average temperature of . The coolest month on average is January, with an average temperature of .

The main economic activity of the municipality is farming. Fishing was the main activity but now is not so important.

Parking

Parking a vehicle means stopping and leaving it somewhere. It is important to make sure that the vehicle is parked somewhere where parking is allowed, otherwise the driver may have to pay a fine, or even worse, the vehicle may be clamped. Cars are usually parked in driveways, parking lots, garages, or on the side of the street.

Parking a car is easier than parking a large vehicle such as a lorry (truck) or a coach. These large vehicles often have to go to special parks. Rules about parking are part of traffic rules, and these will vary a lot from one country to another. It is illegal to park on the sidewalk

When driving along a road, the driver may see a space big enough for him to park his vehicle. He should stop just after he has passed the space, alongside the next car, then reverse (go backwards) slowly in, aiming towards the curb, then turning the steering wheel so that he just misses the car in front. Then he can adjust, leaving equal room between the two cars. This process is called "parallel parking". If the space is wide enough for two cars he can drive forwards into the space instead of reversing in. Parking correctly takes practice and some experience. The driver should not ram or scrub a wheel against the curb. This can puncture the tire.

Vehicles can often be parked at the side of the road. They are usually parked parallel to the curb at the edge of the pavement or sidewalk. In some places, parking spaces may be set at a slight 45 degree angle to the curb. Sometimes there are no restrictions: one can park there, free, for as long as one likes. 

In other places, parking may not be allowed at all (e.g. where there are double yellow lines (in Britain) or it may be allowed only for limited periods. Parking is not allowed on streets where building construction is in progress. Parking may not be allowed on streets that must be open to emergency traffic such as ambulances and fire trucks. Parking may not be allowed in the winter on certain streets that are marked "snow route". These routes must be clear of vehicles so snow plows can get through to do their job.

Drivers may have to pay to park. Money can either be put in parking meters which are to be found by every parking bay. There may be a machine nearby where the driver has to pay, and then he receives a ticket which he has to leave inside the car to show that he has paid. The time and date of arrival will be printed on the ticket.

If a driver does not pay, or he stays longer than he is allowed, he may be given a parking ticket by a traffic warden, a policeman, or a meter maid. These people have the job of patrolling the streets and finding any cars which are illegally parked. A ticket is issued. A fine must be paid.

In some cities, the cars may be clamped or "booted" (in the US). This means that a heavy clamp ("boot") is fixed to one of the wheels. The car cannot be driven away. The driver then has to phone the clamping firm to arrange for them to unlock the clamp. This will cost a lot of money. 

In some places, the car may be taken away by the police. They will take it to a special parking lot under police control. The vehicle is lifted by a crane onto a lorry and taken away. It may be taken away by a tow truck. It costs a lot of money to get one's car back.

Car parks (or, parking lots) are spaces where one can park and leave one's car. The size of these spaces can range from very small to very large. They can be paved with asphalt, concrete, or other material. They can be covered with gravel, or simply bare earth. 

In urban areas, car parks are usually paved. Slots for cars are measured out and are painted on the pavement. Drivers are expected to park within these slots. Cars are usually parked side by side in a car park.

There may be an attendant on duty who will collect a flat fee for parking or issue a ticket noting the driver's arrival time. The fee will be collected when the driver leaves. Sometimes the driver can get the ticket from a mechanical device at the entrance. He will pay the fee when he leaves to an attendant typically stationed in a small booth at the exit. 

Car parks and parking lots can be dangerous to drivers and their passengers. Some are not (or poorly) lit at night. Persons intent on mischief or criminal activity can operate without being seen. Large parks and lots attract both male and female prostitutes who, if turned away, may retaliate in some way such as "keying" a vehicle. Other hazards in urban lots are rusty nails on the pavement, broken glass, and vermin such as rats. 

At a country fair, barn sale, a country concert, or other rural event, drivers may park their vehicles in a meadow that has been mowed and marked off with ropes or bales of hay to guide drivers in and out of the area. An attendant is usually stationed at the entrance to advise drivers on where to park. There is sometimes (but not usually) a fee charged for parking in such an area. A "Park and Ride" is a big car park on the edge of a town. Instead of driving into the centre of the town, drivers can park there and take a bus or tram into the centre.

Another type of car park, called an "attendant car park" is one where the driver leaves the car keys with an attendant. The attendant will then drive the car and park it so that all the cars are bunched up close to one another. This saves space. This type of car park is common at airports. The driver can tell the attendant when he expects to be back.

Some car parks are private car parks. They can only be used by people who are visiting the hotel, store or firm to whom the car park belongs. People who park there illegally may find that their vehicle gets clamped, towed, or booted.

On a busy highway, an area just off the main road is available for parking. These are called layovers or rest areas. Sometimes there is a curb. Sometimes there is a rest room or vending machines for drinks and snacks. Sometimes there are full-scale restaurants and souvenir shops. Parking is risky. These areas typically are not supervised and are often the haunt of criminals such as prostitutes and drug dealers. Homosexuals gather in these areas to "do their thing" and often attract the attention of the police.

Some car parks have a few spaces that are reserved for disabled people. These spaces are usually near the exit of the car park or near the front doors of the store, hotel, restaurant etc. This is a convenience for the disabled driver or passenger. The disabled person is able to get into and out of the store or restaurant with little difficulty. These disabled spaces are usually limited to a few slots that are clearly marked. 

The disabled spaces are usually wider than the others so that the vehicle doors can be opened wide for the disabled person to get out. It is important to display a valid disabled badge or other insignia in or on the vehicle. This will alert store owners and tow drivers that the car is legally parked. Able drivers should not park in these disabled slots. They risk being towed or fined.

Parking garages (or multi-level car parks) are buildings of concrete and steel. They are used for parking vehicles. Some are built on downtown city streets where on-street parking slots may be limited. Parking garages are usually several levels high. The levels are connected by ramps. Many parking garages are open to the weather. They can be cold, snowy, and windy in the winter. Sometimes the street level of a parking garage has shops, cafes, and other businesses.

A driver goes into the garage at an entrance. He takes a ticket stamped with his arrival time from an attendant or a mechanical device. He may drive up several ramps to find a parking space. He leaves his ticket in the car where the attendant can see it. When he leaves, he rolls down his window and pays the parking fee at the exit. A barrier is lifted, and he drives away. 

Parking garages can be dangerous for drivers and their passengers. These buildings are sometimes dimly lit, poorly staffed, and not always watched for potential trouble. There are places in a parking garage for anyone intent on mischief or criminal activity to hide or escape. Enclosed stairways and elevators (lifts) can be dangerous, especially for someone alone. 

Parking garages are sometimes found near office buildings, hospitals, universities, police stations, and other busy places where land space is limited. Some apartment buildings have their own parking garages. These are for use by tenants in the apartment building. Some buildings have underground parking garages. Once again these garages are to be used solely by residents, employees, and customers.

Horsham

Horsham is a market town in West Sussex, England with a population of roughly 50,000. It is the administrative and market centre of the district of Horsham.

Lemgo

Lemgo is a city in the Lippe district in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany, with a population of c. 42,000.


Community of Madrid

Community of Madrid () is one of the seventeen autonomous communities (regions) of Spain. It is in centre of the country, and the Iberian Peninsula. Its capital and largest city is Madrid.

Kit-Cat Klock

A Kit-Cat Klock or Felix the Cat Clock is an art deco style clock. It looks like the cartoon character Felix the Cat. The eyes and tail move back and forth.

St Michael's Church, Bamberg

St. Michael's Church, also known as the Michaelskirche (Church of St Michael), is a church in Bamberg. It was built in the 12th century. It stands on the top of a very high hill overlooking the town of Bamberg. It can be seen from nearly all directions. Bamberg is built on seven hills, each with a building at the top. The hill on which the St Michael’s Church stands is the highest one. An old, cobbled road with some ancient houses leads from the cathedral up to the church. Not far beyond the church are fields and woods.

The church is built in the Romanesque style. It used to be the church of a Benedictine monastery. The monastery was secularized in 1803. There is now an almshouse there as well as a museum and municipal art collections.

Emperor Heinrich II (Henry II) was the founder of the Bishopric of Bamberg. The first bishop of Bamberg was Eberhard, who founded the abbey of St Michael. It belonged to the bishop. The abbot had to obey the bishop. The monks who came to live there came from the towns of Amorbach and Fulda.

In the 12th century the abbey flourished. This was the time of Bishop Otto of Bamberg. The abbey started to become more independent of the bishop.

The abbey went through hard times during the wars around 1525. In the 17th and 18th centuries it went through better times again. When the bishops lost their political power in 1803 the abbey started to belong to the town. The people asked for the almshouses in the town to be moved to the St Michael abbey. There is still a home for old people there today.

Behind the altar is the tomb of Bishop Otto of Bamberg which dates from 1443. There is a hole in the middle of the tomb which is just big enough for a person to crawl through. Visitors to the church like to crawl through the hole, because it is said that it helps people who have backache.

The roof of the nave has paintings of 580 different kinds of plants. These include plants from faraway countries, e.g. pineapple, cotton, pomegranate and tobacco as well as plants that are found locally. The paintings date from the 17th century. Many of the plants were grown in the herb gardens around the church.

In the side isles of the church the ceiling has more paintings. These include paintings of birds.

Punta Arenas

Punta Arenas (lit. "Sandy Point") is the capital of Magallanes y Antártica Chilena Region and the largest city in the region. It has the 1% (about 124246 people) of the total population. It is located at "comuna" (municipality) of Magallanes, and geographically at Brunswich Peninsula (53° 10' S 70° 56'W).

Interactive map

Santiago Rusiñol

Santiago Rusiñol i Prats (, ; Barcelona 25 February 1861 – Aranjuez 13 June 1931) was a Catalan naturalist painter, author, and playwright.

He was born in Barcelona in 1861, and died in Aranjuez in 1931 while painting its famous gardens.

He influenced Pablo Picasso as a modern artist, and also left a lot of modernist buildings in Sitges, a town from Catalonia very influenced by that artist.
He was a modernist artist and there is a street in Sant Cugat del Vallés, a town near Barcelona, with his name.

Slaughterhouse

A slaughterhouse, also called by the French word abattoir, is a building where farm animals are killed and turned into meat. The animals most often slaughtered for food are cows (for beef and veal), sheep (for lamb and mutton), pigs (for pork), fowl (including chicken and waterfowl such as ducks and geese), and horses (for horsemeat).

Alfons Schuhbeck

Alfons Schuhbeck was born on 2 May 1949 in Traunstein, Upper Bavaria, Germany. He is one of Germany’s top chefs, as well as being a writer, restaurateur, TV cook and businessman.

Born as "Alfons Karg", he trained as a telecommunications engineer, but was not happy. When he stopped at the Bavarian holiday resort of Waging, he ran into the restaurateur Sebastian Schuhbeck. He began working for Schuhbeck, and Sebastian Schubeck later adopted Alfons, and made him his heir.

Alfons quickly became a very good chef. The village inn he worked at soon became a favourite restaurant of the richer people of Munich and Salzburg.

He did more training in Salzburg, Geneva, Paris, London and Munich as well as Feinkost Käfer, Dallmayr and in the "Restaurant Aubergine" of Eckart Witzigmann. He also studied at the College of Hotel Management in Bad Reichenhall in Bavaria. He finally took over the Kurhausstüberl in Waging in 1980.

In 1983 he got a star in the Michelin Guide. The Gault Millau restaurant guide gave him 17 points and in 1989 he was elected cook of the year.

Since 1990 Schubeck has operated an outside catering service, which has catered for many high-class events like the Federal Chancellor’s celebration, the Ball des Sports and the German music industry’s "ECHO" award ceremony.

In 2003 he opened a new restaurant, the "Südtiroler Stuben" at the Platzl in Munich. In December of that year he was won his second Michelin star, and in November 2005 he was awarded got a star once again in December 2003, the Five Star Diamond Award by the American Academy of Hospitality Sciences.

His great popularity has resulted in his publishing over 20 books, as well as many TV shows. Bayerischer Rundfunk has broadcast his programme "Schuhbecks" since 1993, and he remains a regular guest in many talk and other TV shows.

During the 1990s Schuhbeck had DM 60 million for capital investments. Because he was the only person in charge of millions of DM in Monte Carlo, Monaco Schuhbeck was taken to court on the suspicion of fraud. Although unusual, what he did was not illegal, and he was exonerated.

At the end of the 1990s he set up Schuhbecks GmbH at the Platzl. This company now includes the restaurant Schuhbeck, a wine bistro, the party service, a cookery school, a spice shop and an ice-cream parlour. These are all based in Munich. Schuhbeck Check Inn GmbH was formed in 2001 to manage the Check Inn restaurant and the bar in Egelsbach (south Hesse).


Skatval

Skatval is a small village in the municipality of Stjørdal in the province Nord-Trøndelag, Norway. The nature is quite varied; forest, fiords, hills, mountains and farms.

Gefjun

Gefjun (or Gefjon, Gefion) is one of the Æsir in Norse mythology. This name could be from Old Norse "geð fiá" meaning "chaste" is one of the Asynjur in Norse mythology. She appears only a few times in surviving sources. Medieval sources talk of her mainly as a goddess of chastity. However, modern scholarship suggests that she may originally have been a fertility goddess connected with ritual plowing, and even that she was originally the same fertility goddess as Freyja.

It has also been suggested that she is the origin of Grendel's mother who appears in the epic poem "Beowulf".

Stade de France

The Stade de France is a multipurpose stadium in Saint-Denis, Île-de-France, France made in 1995 and opened in 1998. It can hold 80,698 people and is just outside Paris.


Melbourne Cricket Ground

The Melbourne Cricket Ground (MCG) is a cricket and Australian Rules Football stadium in Melbourne, Australia. It has a capacity of 100,000. It was used as the main stadium for the 1956 Summer Olympics.

The Melbourne Cricket Club started to use the area for cricket in 1853. Their old ground, now Southbank, was often flooded by the Yarra River, and was also in the way of a new railway line. In 1859, the first game of Australian Rules Football was played at the ground.

The MCG is run by a trust. The first chairman of the trust was the first Premier of Victoria, William Haines.

Tanning

Tanning is the process of turning animal skin (often called "hide") into leather. Tanning makes the skin tougher and often changes its color. Tanning helps make the animal skin become more flexible and less vulnerable to bacteria damage.

Before tanning an animal skin, the animal must be killed and skinned before the body heat of the animal leaves the animal's body. Next, tissue on the inside of the skin and hairs on the outside are removed. Salt in the skin is removed and the skins are soaked in water for six hours to two days.

The actual process of tanning is done by soaking the leather in a bath of Chromium III sulphate ([Cr(HO)](SO)). In past centuries a natural substance called tannin was used, which was got from oak or fir trees.

The whole process is very smelly, and tanneries are often placed at the edges of towns. The runoff from tanning plants into rivers is a major cause of pollution. This can be prevented by methods of water treatment adapted to the outflow of tannery liquids. Developing countries may lack this methodology, even though World Bank grants are available for water treatment facilities. A private-sector trade association may give technical information about clean technologies.

A tanner is someone whose job is tanning. 

A tannery is the place where the tanners worked with the animal skins.

Romanesque architecture

Romanesque architecture is a term that describes the style of architecture which was used in Europe from the late 10th century until the 12th century when it changed to the Gothic style. The Romanesque style in England is called Norman architecture.

Buildings in the Romanesque style have very thick walls and round arches, Castles and churches or cathedrals were built in this style. Some of them are still standing.


Bypass (road)

A bypass is a road or highway that goes around a town or village so that traffic which is passing that town does not have to go through the town centre.

Bypasses are good because they reduces the amount of traffic in the centre where the people live and work. It makes it much safer for them to cross the roads, and reduces pollution. It is better for the vehicles passing the town because their journey is made quicker.

People are not always happy when a bypass is built. The main objections people sometimes have is that a new road uses up a lot of land. Also, some people who have businesses in the town (especially filling stations and restaurants) may think that they will not get so many customers.

If there are no strong rules that control the use of land, buildings are built along a bypass, making it an ordinary town road so that it might become just as busy as a town street again.

A road that goes all the way around the town in a large circle is called a ring road. The M25 is a ring road for London.

Rhine-Main-Danube Canal

The Rhine-Main-Danube Canal (also known in German as the Main-Danube Canal, RMD Canal or Europa Canal) is a canal that joins up the three rivers Rhine, Main and Danube so that boats can travel from one to the other. It is in Bavaria in the south of Germany. It goes from Bamberg, past Nuremberg, to Regensburg. It was finished in 1992. Boats can now travel from Rotterdam in the Netherlands all the way to the Black Sea. The canal is 171km (106 miles) long. 

A previous "Ludwig Canal" connected the Danube to the Main from the middle 19th century until it was damaged in World War II and abandoned. 

From Bamberg to Fürth the canal follows the valley of the Regnitz, a tributary of the Main. From Fuerth to beyond Roth it follows the valley of the Rednitz, a tributary of the Regnitz. It crosses the Frankish Alb mountains and joins the river Altmuehl near Dietfurt. From Dietfurt to Kelheim on the Danube the canal follows the Altmuehl valley.

Bypass

Bypass can have several meanings. It always means: going round something in order to avoid it.

Bypass can also mean:


Mitte

Bezirk Mitte or Mitte von Berlin is the most central borough of Berlin ("Bezirk" is German for borough, "Mitte" is German for centre).

Most of Berlin's historic centre is in Bezirk Mitte. Some of the most important tourist sites of Berlin (like the Pergamon Museum, Brandenburg Gate, Charité and the Reichstag), are all in Mitte, and most were in East Berlin.

In 2001, Berlin's boroughs were reorganized. The old East Berlin borough of Mitte, was joined with the boroughs of Wedding, once in the French Sector, and Tiergarten which had been in the British sector before. The new borough (both of which formerly belonged to West Berlin) to form the new Mitte borough. The new borough has an area of . In 2003, it had about 320,700 inhabitants. The districts in Mitte are Gesundbrunnen, Hansaviertel, Mitte, Moabit, Tiergarten and Wedding.

The current mayor is Christian Hanke (SPD).


B'Day Anthology Video Album

B'Day Anthology Video Album is a video album, released by the American R&B singer-songwriter Beyoncé. It was released alongside "B'Day Deluxe Edition" on April 3, 2007.

Upgrade U

Upgrade U is an R&B/hip hop song written by Beyoncé Knowles.



Beyoncé discography

This is the discography, certification, and music video information of American singer Beyoncé. She released her seven studio albums, five live albums, three compilation albums, five EPs, one soundtrack album, two karaoke albums and 80 singles. She has sold over 120 million records as a solo artist, and 60 million more with Destiny's Child.




The Beyoncé Experience

The Beyoncé Experience was a 2007 worldwide concert tour by American singer, songwriter, and actress Beyoncé Knowles.


Beautiful Liar

"Beautiful Liar" is a song recorded by American R&B singer Beyoncé and Colombian singer Shakira.

UK CD-single 1

UK CD-single 2

DNA polymerase

A DNA polymerase is an enzyme which makes DNA molecules from its nucleotide building blocks. DNA polymerases are essential for DNA replication. They usually work in pairs as they copy one double-stranded DNA molecule into two double-stranded DNAs. In DNA replication DNA polymerase "reads" a piece of DNA that's already there and uses it to make a new piece that is exactly the same as the old piece.The primary role of DNA polymerases is to accurately and efficiently replicate the genome in order to ensure the maintenance of the genetic information and its faithful transmission through generations. 

DNA polymerases also play key roles in other processes within cells, including DNA repair, genetic recombination, reverse transcription, and antibody production. DNA polymerases are widely used in molecular biology laboratories, notably for the polymerase chain reaction (PCR), DNA sequencing, and molecular cloning.

DNA polymerase can only connect deoxyribonucleotides to a 3'-OH group that is already there, so DNA is always made in the 5'3' direction.

Recep Tayyip Erdoğan

Recep Tayyip Erdoğan (born 26 February 1954) is a Turkish politician of Georgian origin. He is the 12th and current President of Turkey, he took office in 2014. Before that, he was the Prime Minister of Turkey from 2003 to 2014. He is the chairman of the ruling Justice and Development Party since 2001 which he founded that year. Erdoğan was Mayor of Istanbul from 1994 to 1998.

Erdoğan was a semi-professional footballer from 1969 to 1982. The stadium of the local football club of the Istanbul district he grew up in, Kasımpaşa S.K. is named after him.

Erdoğan married Emine Gülbaran (b. 1955, Siirt) on 4 July 1978. The couple have two sons (Ahmet Burak, Necmeddin Bilal) and two daughters (Esra, Sümeyye).

The 2016 Turkish coup d'état attempt tried to overthrow President Erdogan.

Abu Talib

Abū Ṭālib ibn ‘Abd al-Muṭṭalib (; –), "né" ‘Imran ) or ‘Abd Manaf (), was the leader of Banu Hashim, a clan of the Qurayshi tribe of Mecca in the Hejaz, Arabian Peninsula. After the death of his father ‘Abd al-Muttalib, he got this position and the offices of "Siqaya" and "Rifada". He was well respected in Mecca even though he was not very rich.

Abu Talib was an uncle of the Islamic "Nabi" (, Prophet) Muhammad, and father of the Rashid Caliph ‘Ali, who is also thought as the first Shi'ite Imam. There is a great debate among Muslim scholars on whether Abū Ṭālib died a Muslim or a non-Muslim.

Abū Ṭālib died around 619, at more than 80 years of age, about 10 years after the start of Muhammad's mission. This year is known as the Year of Sorrow for Muhammad, because not only did his uncle Abu Talib die, but also his wife Khadijah bint Khuwaylid, within a month of Abu Talib.

Doom 2

Doom 2 (or "Doom II" in roman numerals) is a sequel to the first-person shooter video game "Doom". It was created by iD Software, and came out in 1994, just one year after the first game. It was based on the same game engine as "Doom", and had 32 levels, two of them secret. "Doom 2" got newer enemies and weapons. Enemies new in Doom 2 include the Arch-vile, Mancubus, Arachnotron, Chaingunner, Pain Elemental, Revenant, Hell Knight, and the Final Boss (also called the Icon of Sin). The only new weapon in Doom 2 is the Super Shotgun. It is a double-barrel shotgun that use two shotgun shells every time it is fired, but it does three times as much damage as the normal Shotgun and has a much wider hit box. The game's difficulty is much harder than the first Doom game.

Doom 2 includes an expansion pack known as the "Master Levels for Doom II". The expansion pack has 20 WAD files created by various authors under contract with id Software.

Doom 2 also includes another expansion pack called "No Rest for the Living", released on the Xbox Live Arcade for the Xbox 360.

Deathmatch

A deathmatch (shortened to DM) is a common gameplay mode included in many shooter and real-time strategy (RTS) computer games and "MilSim" games like airsoft and paintball. The goal of a deathmatch game is to kill as many other players as possible.

Samaná Bay

Samaná Bay (Spanish, Bahía de Samaná) is a big bay in the northeast of the Dominican Republic, south of the Samaná Peninsula. Christopher Columbus gave the name of "Golfo de las Flechas" (Gulf of Arrows) to the bay.

It has about east-west and north-south. The Yuna river, one of the most important of the Hispaniola island, flows into the bay. Other rivers that flow into the bay are the Barracote and the Yabón.

There are many cays (very small and flat islands) in the bay, many of them with beautiful beaches visited by many tourists; Levantado Cay (Spanish, Cayo Levantado) is big enough to have a hotel.

On the southwest coast there is a national park: National Park Los Haitises, with many interesting plants and animals.

Dolphins are common in the bay most of the year. Humpback whales come from northern, cold waters to Samaná Bay to breed during winter and spring; then, they return to cold waters where food is more abundant. Whale watching is an important business in the Samaná Province in late winter and early spring.

France, England and United States were interested in the Samaná Bay (with the Samaná Peninsula) during the 19th century to control the Caribbean. Before that time, pirates were frequent visitors.

The most important cities around the bay are Santa Bárbara de Samaná and Sánchez on the north, in the Samaná Province province; and Sabana de la Mar, on the south, in the Hato Mayor Province province. Sánchez was the most important international port of the Dominican Republic during the 19th century and early 20th century.

Halibut

Halibut is a kind of flatfish often used for food. There are two different kinds of halibut - Atlantic halibut ("Hippoglossus hippoglossus") and Pacific halibut ("Hippoglossus stenolepis"). The halibut from the Atlantic ocean has been overfished.

Their names come from "haly" (holy) and "butt" (flat fish), because it is said people like to eat them on Catholic holy-days.


Sola (manga)

Sola is a Japanese anime series initially written by the "Kanon" main writer, Naoki Hisaya together with the original character designer Naru Nanao. "Sola" started as a manga which was featured in the magazine "Dengeki Daioh" on December 21, 2006 by MediaWorks. As of August 2007, the manga is still being serialized, with Chaki Abeno as the illustrator. A drama CD was later released on December 31, 2006 at Comiket 71. The anime version of the series aired in Japan from April 7, 2007 to June 30, 2007, containing a total of thirteen episodes and two additional episodes currently being released exclusively for the DVD. An extra drama CD together with a video game title for the PlayStation 2 console are also planned. The title, "Sola", comes from the Italian/Spanish language "solo" (which translates literally to "alone"). The title of series, sounds the same with the Japanese word .


Ornithischia

Ornithischia is an extinct clade of mainly herbivorous dinosaurs characterized by a pelvic structure superficially similar to that of birds.

The name Ornithischia, or "bird-hipped", reflects this similarity and is derived from the Greek stem ornith- (ὀρνιθ-), meaning "of a bird", and ischion (ἴσχιον), plural ischia, meaning "hip joint". However, birds are only distantly related to this group as birds are theropod dinosaurs.

