Ornithischians with well known anatomical adaptations include the ceratopsians or "horn-faced" dinosaurs, the pachycephalosaurs or "thick-headed" dinosaurs, the armored dinosaurs (Thyreophora) such as stegosaurs and ankylosaurs, and the ornithopods.

There is strong evidence that certain groups of ornithischians lived in herds, often segregated by age group, with juveniles forming their own flocks separate from adults.

Some were at least partially covered in filamentous pelts, and there is much debate over whether these filaments found in specimens of Tianyulong, Psittacosaurus, and Kulindadromeus may have been primitive feathers.

They are known as the 'bird-hipped' dinosaurs because of their hip structure. However, birds actually descended from the 'lizard-hipped' dinosaurs, the Saurischia. The name "Ornithischia" means "bird-hipped," and birds also have pelvises in which the pubis points backwards. 

An alternative name for the order is the Predentata, because all of them are beaked herbivorous dinosaurs. The beak is in front of the jaw-bone, the dentary, so it is a 'predentary'. The upper half of the beak is the 'premaxilla' on the end of the upper jaw. The beak is a key adaptation for cropping plants for their food.

Their original (basal) form of locomotion was bipedal. However, from early in their evolutionary history, they were capable of both bipedal and quadrupedal locomotion. Several groups became entirely quadrupedal. 

A new hypothesis of dinosaur relationships might upset this summary.

The ornithischia has two sub-orders:

Their vegetarian diet included:

This group of dinosaurs would not be able to reach the taller conifers. The other main group of vegetarian dinosaurs, the sauropodomorphs, were specialists able to reach vegetation on the tall trees.


Miss Earth

Miss Earth is an annual international beauty pageant promoting environmental awareness.<ref name="chinadaily.com.cn/english/doc/2004-10/25/content_385531.htm"></ref>

The reigning titleholders dedicate their year to school tours, tree planting activities, street campaigns, coastal clean ups, speaking engagements, shopping mall tours, media guesting, environmental fair, storytelling programs, eco-fashion shows, and other activities.<ref name="tribuneindia.com/2004/20041008/world.htm"></ref> 


Krauchthal

Krauchthal is a village in the Canton of Bern. It is about halfway between Burgdorf and Bern, about 15 km northeast of the city of Bern. The commune of Krauchthal is made of the villages Krauchthal (with Hub and Dieterswald), and Hettiswil. The name of the settlements was mentioned during the Middle Ages. Krauchthal in 1208, Hettiswil in 1107, Hub and Dieterswald in 1326, Thorberg in 1196. In 2006, 2345 people lived there. In Thorberg, there is a castle. This has been converted to a prison.


Dangerously in Love

Dangerously in Love is the debut solo studio album by American singer Beyoncé, released on June 20, 2003 by Columbia Records. During the recording of Destiny's Child's third studio album, "Survivor" (2001), the group announced that they would produce solo albums to be released. Recording sessions for the album took place from March 2002 to March 2003 at several studios, whilst Destiny's Child were on a break.





! style="text-align:center;"|Awards ceremony
! style="text-align:center; width:30px;"|Year
! style="text-align:center;"|Nominated Work
! style="text-align:center;"|Award
! style="text-align:center;"|Results

Until the End of Time

Until the End of Time is a R&B song written by Justin Timberlake, Tim Mosley, and Nate Hills and is the first single from the deluxe edition of the studio album "FutureSex/LoveSounds". The Benjamin Wright Orchestra also appears on the song. The official date was November 26, 2006 for mainstream urban radio. The single version of the song featuring Beyoncé Knowles debuted onJune 5, 2007 on US radio and the official single release was on November 13, 2007.

A music video has been shot at the three major destinations: Philippines, Indonesia and Los Angeles (US) on October 24, 2007. The video was released on MTV, November 22, 2007.

Inquisition

The Inquisition was the legal agent of the Catholic Church against heresy in the Middle Ages. It did two main things. First, it issued a list (the Index) of published books banned because they contained heresy. The faithful were forbidden to read such books. Second, it prosecuted individuals thought guilty of heresy.

Later versions of the Inquisitions had the power to use torture or the threat of torture to get confessions and religious conversions. It had the power to order executions. The standard method was to burn heretics alive, or to strangle them in public. The actual deed was done by the civil authorities.

The full name of the Inquisition was the Sacred Congregation for the Propagation of the Faith () of the Catholic Church. It developed in stages. The first permanent Inquisition was established in 1229. It was run by the Dominicans in Rome. In 1478 Ferdinand II of Aragon and Queen Isabella I of Castile set up the Spanish Inquisition.

In 1542 Pope Paul III established the Congregation of the Holy Office of the Inquisition as a tribunal staffed with cardinals and other officials. This version supervised the local Inquisitions in other countries, and also investigated important cases from Italy. The most famous case it tried was that of Galileo Galilei in 1633.

The word Inquisition comes from Latin "quaerere". That means "to turn", "to ask a question".


Lahore

Lahore () is the second biggest city in Pakistan. It is the capital of the province of Punjab. It is also known as the 'City of Gardens' because of its many parks and gardens. This city is known for its rich culture and lively atmosphere. Pakistan's major Urdu film industry Lollywood is based here at the "Cultural Heart of Pakistan". It is 60 km (35 mi) west of Amritsar, India. It has a semi-arid climate ("BSh" in the Köppen climate classification).
According to legend, the city was founded thousands of years ago by Lava or Lav, son of the deity Rama (hero of the Ramayana). Its original name was either 'Lav-garh' (Fort of Lav/Lava) or 'Lavapuri' (Place of Lava/Lav) which was later changed to 'Lavhur' or 'Lahor' and then 'Lahore'.

According to historians and archaeologists, Lahore was the capital of several Hindu dynasties from around 300-250 BC onwards. Probably the first of these dynasties was the 'Loh'(or Lav) dynasty of the Gujar tribe. Some people also believe that this city is the same one mentioned by Ptolemy in his "Geographia".

The ancient 'Walled City' was the old, proper Lahore, which later expanded in different directions. Quite a lot of work was done on it by the kings of the Delhi Sultanate and then the Mughals. Most of the newer areas and suburbs of the city are from the later British Raj from 1849 to 1947.

Lahore is historically an important place in the South Asian subcontinent. Famous buildings made here during the time of the Mughal Empire include the Badshahi Mosque, the Lahore Fort , and the Shalimar Gardens. It was the capital of the Sikh Empire of the early 19th century. Many of the city's old artifacts and historical treasures over the ages, can be seen at the famous Lahore Museum built later in the 19th century during British Indian rule.

Lahore is also important due to its role as a center of the Pakistan Movement later, and the famous Lahore Resolution of 1940 was passed here by the Working Committee of the All-India Muslim League, which eventually led to the making of an independent state of Pakistan in 1947. This event is commemorated by the Minar-e-Pakistan building in Iqbal Park. 

To the north of Lahore, near the Ravi River, lies the old suburb of Shah Dara, which is also considered to be historically significant, as the tombs of the Mughal Emperor Jahangir and his wife Nur Jahan, are situated here. According to the early English traveler, Thomas Coryat, who visited Lahore in its 'Golden Age' during the reign of Jahangir, it was probably the finest city in the world at that time, and 'exceedeth evene Constantinople in greatnesse' (It was even greater than Constantinople).

Lahore is Pakistan's top educational center. The old University of the Punjab has two campuses in the city. Other old and famous institutions of higher learning include the Government College University (GCU), the Forman Christian College , and the Kinnaird College for Women. The National College of Arts, a specialized fine arts institute, is also located here.

The city is also home to Pakistan's most prestigious high school and college, Aitchison College Lahore. Other institutions include the Central Model School, St Anthony's School, the Beaconhouse School System, Lahore College of Arts and Sciences (LACAS), and the Lahore Grammar School, and the world-famous King Edward Medical University is also located in Lahore.

Lahore is Pakistan's cultural, literary, and artistic heart. It has some of the best food in the whole Indian subcontinent at the Gawalmandi Food Street, near the old Walled City; and several notable cultural centers like the Alhamra Theatre, the Punjab Arts Council, the Lahore Museum, the Shakir Ali Museum, the Fakir Khana museum, and the Rafi Peer Theatre Group. The Lawrence Gardens, Lahore are another site from British times that is worth visiting. The famed Heera Mandi in the old Taxali Gate area is also a part of Lahore's historic culture. The Anarkali Bazaar is also a great place for traditional shopping.

Lahore is also important in Pakistan as a center of cultural and religious tolerance. The city does not have many religious fanatics or extremists, unlike some other parts of this country. The main reason is because of the strong influence of many famous Sufi saints who lived here in the past. The shrines (burial places) of some of them are still visited by many people. The shrines of Hazrat Daata Sahib and Mian Mir Sahib are especially famous. 




Peshawar

Peshawar is a city in Pakistan, and it is the capital of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa. With a population of 1,970,042 according to the 2017 census, Peshawar is the largest city in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa and the sixth-largest in Pakistan.

Peshawar is derived from Purushapura which means city of men (In Sanskrit Purusha means Man and Pura means settlement). It is also locally pronounced as Pekhawar.

Peshawar is in a valley near the historic Khyber Pass, close to the border with Afghanistan, Peshawar's recorded history dates back to at least 539 BCE, making it the oldest city in Pakistan and one of the oldest in South Asia. Peshawar was the capital of the ancient Kushan Empire and also served as the capital for the Durrani Empire.

The city has always been very important as it served as a trading center during the Mughal Empire. It is connected to important places in the country by road, rail and air.

The main language spoken in Peshawar is Pashto while some speak Hindko. Urdu is understood throughout the city.

Peshawar is mostly Muslim which make 98.5% of the city's population in the 1998 census. Christians make up the second largest religious group with around 20,000 adherents, while over 7,000 members of the Ahmadiyya Muslim Community live in Peshawar. Hindus and Sikhs are also found in the city − though most of them migrated to India following the Partition of India in 1947.

In 2005, Peshawar district was home to 611,501 Afghan refugees — who made-up 19.7% of the district's total population and 20% of all Afghan refugees in Pakistan.

Peshawar has been attacked by Islamist terrorists many times. They include a car bombing at a market in 2009, a suicide bombing at a church in 2013 and a school massacre in 2014. Over 100 people were killed in each of those attacks. 

B'Day

B'Day is the second studio album by American singer Beyoncé, released by Columbia Records on 1 September 2006 outside North America, on September 4, 2006 worldwide, and on September 5, 2006 in Canada and the United States. The album's title comes from the fact that September 4, the date of worldwide release, is Beyoncé's birthday (2006 being her 25th). "B'Day" won the award for "Best Contemporary R&B Album" at the 49th Annual Grammy Awards. A two-CD deluxe edition of the album, including previously unreleased material in English and Spanish, was released on April 3 2007. 6 singles were released from the album: "Déjà Vu", "Ring the Alarm", "Irreplaceable", "Beautiful Liar", "Get Me Bodied", and "Green Light". "Check on It" was also a single, but was released from the Destiny's Child album #1's.


On digital copies "World Wide Woman" is a non-hidden track placed at track 8, and other songs are pushed down the track order.




Aldeburgh Festival

The Aldeburgh Festival is an English arts festival where classical music concerts take place during the summer. Aldeburgh is in Suffolk in the south-east of England. It is where the composer Benjamin Britten lived with his friend the tenor Peter Pears. A lot of Britten’s music is played at the festival, but music by many other composers can be heard as well. Most of the concerts take place in the Maltings, a concert hall in the village of Snape, not far away from Aldeburgh.

The Festival was started in 1948 by Benjamin Britten, Peter Pears and the librettist Eric Crozier. They started the festival so that the English Opera Group would have a place to perform their operas, but soon the festival became bigger. There were poetry readings, drama performances, lectures and art exhibitions. The first festival was mostly held in Aldeburgh Jubilee Hall, a few doors away from Britten's house in Crabbe Street. His opera "Albert Herring" was performed, as well as his "St Nicolas Cantata".

Over the years the festival grew. Some of the performances took place in the church, or in churches or other halls in nearby villages and small towns such as Orford and Framlingham. However, the festival needed a large concert hall. In the 1960s the old malthouse (where barley used to be made) in Snape was changed into a concert hall. It was opened by the Queen on 2 June 1967, at the start of the twentieth Aldeburgh Festival. 

Two years later, on the first night of the 1969 Festival, the concert hall was destroyed by fire. Only the main walls remained. For that year the Festival was moved to other local places, but by the next year the hall had been rebuilt and once again it was opened by the Queen, this time at the start of the 1970 Festival.

The festival is now organized by Aldeburgh Music, which also runs the Britten-Pears Young Artist Programme which gives young musicians a chance to learn from famous music teachers and perform in concerts.

The festival has a nice atmosphere because it is in the country near the sea and marshes. New music is often performed. In the past there have been first performances of several works by Britten: ("A Midsummer Night's Dream" in 1960; "Death in Venice" in 1973) and also Harrison Birtwistle's "Punch and Judy" in 1968.

The Festival's Artistic Director is now the composer Thomas Adès, who was appointed in 1999.

Lanark (disambiguation)

Lanark could mean:




Peter Pears

Sir Peter Neville Luard Pears ( ; 22 June 19103 April 1986), was an English tenor and life-long partner of the composer Benjamin Britten.
Pears was at school at Lancing College. He then studied music at Keble College, Oxford. He was organist at Hertford College, Oxford but left Oxford without taking his degree. He later studied singing for two terms at the Royal College of Music.
He met Britten in 1934, when he was a member of the BBC Singers. Pears and Britten gave their first recital together in 1937 at Balliol College, Oxford. In 1939 they went to America together because of World War II. However, in 1942 they decided to return to their own country. Back in England they performed Britten's song cycle "Seven Sonnets of Michelangelo" together at the Wigmore Hall in London (Britten was an excellent pianist), and then recorded them for EMI, their first recording together.

Peter Pears was a great inspiration for Britten’s vocal writing. Many of Britten's operas have a main tenor role which was written for Pears to sing. Britten also wrote over 100 songs with piano accompaniment. Britten also wrote works for tenor and orchestra. These include "Les Illuminations", "Nocturne", the "Serenade for Tenor, Horn and Strings" and the Canticles. In Britten’s operas he sang "Peter Grimes" and "Albert Herring" (title roles), "The Beggar's Opera" (Macheath), "Owen Wingrave" (Sir Philip Wingrave), "Billy Budd" (Captain Vere), "The Turn of the Screw" (Quint), "Death in Venice" (Aschenbach) and the three Church Parables.

Pears helped to write the words for "A Midsummer Night's Dream", based on the Shakespeare play. In most of Britten’s operas Pears sang serious roles, but in A Midsummer Night’s Dream he had a comic role: the part of Flute the Bellowsmender. In this role he was dressed up as a female and did a parody of the great opera singer Joan Sutherland singing the mad scene from "Lucia di Lammermoor ".

Pears’s voice was a lyrical tenor, not a heavy, operatic one. Britten was extremely skilful in writing music for him which suited his voice very well. He sang regularly at the Royal Opera House and many other opera houses in Europe and the United States.

He was also a great singer of Franz Schubert's "Lieder", usually with Britten as accompanist, and he often sang the part of the Evangelist in Johann Sebastian Bach's Passions.

His last great role written for him by Britten was as Aschenbach in "Death in Venice". He sang this in 1973 at the Aldeburgh Festival, and the following year in the Royal Opera House. Britten by then had heart disease and was too ill to go to the performances, dying in 1976.

Pears continued to live in the Red House, Aldeburgh. After he retired from performing he continued to teach young singers at the Britten-Pears Foundation. He was awarded a CBE in 1955 and knighted in 1977.
In his last years Pears also suffered from heart disease. He died ten years after Britten. He is buried next to him in the churchyard of Saint Peter and Saint Paul's Church in Aldeburgh.
There are many recordings of Pears’s singing including almost all the music that Britten wrote for him as well as the roles of the Evangelist in Johann Sebastian Bach’s "St Matthew Passion" and "St John Passion " and Gerontius in Elgar’s "Dream of Gerontius".


Me, Myself and I

Me, Myself and I is an R&B/neo soul song written by Beyoncé Knowles, Scott Storch, and Robert Waller for Knowles' solo debut studio album "Dangerously in Love" (2003). In this laid-back, but strong-willed female-empowerment anthem, the singer comes to terms with a cheating boyfriend, and declares that in the world that there is only one person she can trust who never lets her down: herself. "Me, Myself and I" was the third single to be released from the album, in the last quarter of 2003. It reached number four on the "Billboard" Hot 100 for two weeks, becoming Beyoncé's fourth consecutive top five single in the United States; it also reached eleven in the United Kingdom.


Lanark: A Life in Four Books

Lanark: A Life in Four Books was the first novel of Scottish writer Alasdair Gray, and is still his best known. The book was written over a period of almost thirty years and was published in 1981. It has real and fantasy descriptions of Gray's home city of Glasgow.

The book has won the Saltire Society Book of the Year and David Niven awards, and has become a cult classic. In 2006, "The Guardian" said "Lanark" was "one of the landmarks of 20th-century fiction."

Sexy Little Thug

"Sexy Lil' Thug" is a remake by Beyoncé, of 50 Cent’s hit single "In da Club". Recorded and released just weeks after the original, it samples the original’s instrumental and melody, with Beyoncé singing her own, newly-added verses.

It isn’t known if the song was actually meant to serve as the first single from Beyoncé’s upcoming solo album "Dangerously in Love", or if it was put out simply for promotion. Yet, perhaps due to contractual reasons, Beyoncé’s father and manager Mathew Knowles did state to MTV News in April, that the song was just a buzz cut and would not appear on the album.

But despite the impending permission issues, the song managed to stay on the US Billboard Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart for 7 weeks, peaking at #67, as well as the US Billboard Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Airplay chart for 4 weeks, where it also peaked at #67.

The song eventually received an official release in November 2005, on Beyoncé's "Speak My Mind" mixtape.

Encore (concert)

An encore is an extra piece that is played at the end a performance. It is not on the programme, although the performer may have secretly planned it. A performer will play an encore if the audience claps a lot. Sometimes the audience shout "encore!" when they want an encore. The word "encore" is the French word for "again".

An encore is usually a short piece. Often it is a fast piece to finish the performance off happily, but if a musician has just played a very energetic, loud piece, then the encore might be a quiet piece. A concert given by a solo performer or small group of performers is more likely to finish with an encore than a concert with an orchestra, but a lot depends on the tradition from one country to another.

Cay

A cay (also spelled key; both pronounced alike as "key" ) is a small, low island made of mostly sand or coral and on top of a coral reef.

The English word "cay" comes from the Spanish word "cayo" and this from the Taíno word "cayo" meaning "small island". The English words "key" and "quay" (which means wharf) come from the old French "kai" meaning "sand bank". Because it is a Taíno word, "cay" (and the other forms) are used mainly in the Caribbean, but the type of island is in tropical seas where there are coral reefs.

Sand cays are built on the edge of the coral reefs, opposite the direction from which the wind blows most of the time. Because of that, cays are often elongated. Tides and wind (and sometimes sea birds) deposit coral debris. Weather affects the formation of cays greatly. Large tides bring much more debris onto the cay and make it larger, while a hurricane destroys a cay.

Some cays are very large; Cayo Coco, north of Cuba, is about 370 km. Those large cays are being used for tourism because they have beaches with white sand and the presence of coral reefs.


Sarcopterygii

The Sarcopterygii is a class of fish. They are lobe-finned fish, like the lungfish and coelacanths. They are a clade of bony fish which first appeared in the Silurian, 418 million years ago (mya). One line in this group gave rise to the tetrapods.

These are bony fishes with paired rounded fins. These fins, being similar to limbs, suggest that these fish may be ancestors of land vertebrates. All sarcopterygians possess teeth covered with true enamel.

As a clade, the group includes all its descendants. This means it includes the Tetrapods, that is, all species of four-limbed vertebrates. The fin-limbs of sarcopterygiians are very similar to what people believe was the ancestral form of tetrapod limbs. The ancestors of tetrapods are to be found amongst the lobe-fins of the Devonian period. The term 'fishapod' is becoming used for this transitional group.

Sarcopterygians and their relatives the Actinopterygii ('ray-finned fish') make up the super-class Osteichthyes, the 'bony fish', which have a bony skeleton rather than cartilage. Otherwise, there are vast differences in fin, respiratory, and circulatory structures between the Sarcopterygii and the Actinopterygii.

The first sarcopterygians, found in the uppermost Silurian (about 418 mya), closely resembled the Acanthodii, the 'spiny fish' which went extinct at the end of the Palaeozoic era. In the early–middle Devonian (416–385 mya), while the predatory placoderms dominated the seas, some sarcopterygians came into freshwater habitats.

In the early Devonian (416–397 mya), the sarcopterygians split into two main lineages — the Coelacanths and the Rhipidistia. The former never left the oceans and their heyday was the late Devonian and Carboniferous, from 385 to 299 mya, as they were more common during those periods than in any other period in the Phanerozoic; coelacanths still live today in the oceans (genus "Latimeria").

The Rhipidistians, whose ancestors probably lived in the oceans near the river mouths (estuaries), left the ocean world and migrated into freshwater habitats. They in turn split into two major groups : the lungfish and the tetrapods. The lungfish evolved the first proto-lungs and proto-limbs; they learned in the middle Devonian (397–385 mya) how to live outside a water environment, using their stubby fins (proto-limbs) to walk on land and find new water if their waterhole was depleted, and their lungs to breathe air and get sufficient oxygen. The lungfish's greatest diversity was in the Triassic period; today there are fewer than a dozen genera left.

The first tetrapodomorphs, which included the gigantic rhizodonts, had the same general anatomy as the lungfish, who were their closest kin, but they appear not to have left their water habitat until the later Devonian epoch (385–359 mya), with the appearance of tetrapods (four-legged vertebrates). Tetrapods are the only tetrapodomorphs which survived after the Devonian.

Non-tetrapod sarcopterygians continued until towards the end of Paleozoic era, suffering heavy losses during the Permian-Triassic extinction event (251 mya).



Actinopterygii

The Actinopterygii is the class of ray-finned fishes.

The ray-finned fishes get their name from the fact their fins are webs of skin held by bony or horny spines ("rays"). This is different from the fleshy fins of the fish in the Sarcopterygii. Ray-finned fish first appeared in the Silurian period.

Actinopterygians are the largest class of vertebrates. There are nearly 25,000 species. They can be found in both fresh water and marine environments from the deep sea to the highest mountain streams. 

Most of the living species are teleosts, which are late-comers to the fish domain. The first teleosts are in the Mesozoic era, yet now they make up 96% of all fish.


EP

EP may refer to following:


Extended play

Extended play (EP) is a name given to CDs and records which contain more music than a single, but are too short to be called a music album. EPs usually have about 10 to 25 minutes of music, singles have less than 10 minutes and albums have about 25 to 80 minutes of music.


Richard von Weizsäcker

Richard Karl Freiherr von Weizsäcker (15 April 1920 – 31 January 2015) was a German politician, and a member of the CDU party. He was President of Germany from 1984 to 1994.

He was born in Stuttgart, the son of the diplomat Ernst von Weizsäcker and brother of physicist and philosopher Carl Friedrich von Weizsäcker. His grandfather Carl von Weizsäcker had been Minister President of Württemberg

In World War II he served in the German Army. He was wounded in East Prussia in 1945 and was sent home to Stuttgart. Then he continued his study of history in Göttingen and eventually studied law.

As a law student he was a member of his father's defence team at the Eleventh secondary Nuremburg Trial aka the Ministries Trial. He took his first judicial state exam in 1950, the second in 1953, and in 1955 was promoted "doctor juris". In 1953 he married Marianne von Kretschmann; they have four children.

From 1967 to 1984 he was a member both of the Synod and the Council of the Evangelical Church in Germany. He leaded the German Evangelical Church Assembly from 1964 to 1970.

Richard von Weizsäcker joined the CDU in 1954 and was a member of the Bundestag (German Parliament) from 1969 to 1981.

He was elected vice president of the Bundestag 1979-1981, but did not stand for re-election, because he became the Governing Mayor () of West Berlin (1981-1984).

He was elected President of Germany by the Bundesversammlung (Federal Convention) in 1984, succeeding Karl Carstens. He was Germany’s first president after reunification.

After his presidency, he was involved in politics and charitable affairs. He was the chair of a commission installed by the then SPD-Bündnis 90/Die Grünen government for reforming the Bundeswehr.

He has served on many international commissions. He was chairman of the Independent Working Group on the future of the United Nations and was one of three 'Wise Men' appointed by European Commission President Romano Prodi to consider the future of the European Union.
He retired in 1994 and lived in Berlin. He wrote books during his retirement.

Richard von Weizsäcker died in Berlin, Germany, aged 94.

Von Weizsäcker has written may books, including

His autobiograghy is called "From Weimar to the Wall: My Life in German Politics" (1999).

Millennium Stadium

The Millennium Stadium is a stadium in Cardiff, Wales. It has a capacity of around 74,500.

National Collegiate Athletic Association

The National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) is a college sports organization in the United States. It was established on March 31, 1906. The NCAA has three levels of sports: Division I, Division II, and Division III. Division I schools usually are the biggest college sports powers, with larger budgets, better sports facilities, and higher numbers of sports scholarships compared to Division II and III schools. Its headquarters are in Indianapolis, Indiana. The NCAA was started in 1906.


Happy Mondays

The Happy Mondays were an alternative rock band from Manchester who became popular in the 1980s. They were associated with the house music movement and Madchester. Their biggest hit was Step On, from the album Pills n Thrills n Bellyaches.

Adidas

Adidas AG is a major German sports apparel manufacturer, part of the Adidas Group, consisting of Reebok sportswear company, Taylormade golf company, Maxfli golf balls, and Adidas golf and is the second largest sportswear manufacturer in the world.

Adidas was founded in 1948 by Adolf Dassler. The title of brand was named after the founder (Adi from Adolf das from Dassler). A year later, the basic form of Adidas logo Three stripes was made. Adidas products are still being made today. The Adidas group makes 600 kinds of shoes and 1,500 kinds of clothings every season.

Adidas has three types of logos, which are originals, sports performance, and sports style. Each type follows the product design concept and shared inspiration. They imply the features of lots of products.
Adidas heritage line shows the combined design of sportism and lifestyle. With retrospecting 60s, products including clothes, shoes, bags, and other fashion items are reappearing. Heritage’s logo Trefoil was developed based on the three stripes in 1971. With crossing the tree stripes which symbolize diversity of brand, the unique characteristic of logo is expressed geometrically. This was an innovation in the existing logo.
Sports performance line shows the goods which contains its self-esteem as a professional sports brand. The logo with three stripes has been used constantly. And, in 1997, Adidas‘ creative director Peter Moore renobated the type. He wanted to keep important meanings of old one, but at the same time he needed new logo which can be applied to the modern design. From his hand, three stripes became to mean a mountain which symbolizes a challenge and an accomplishment. And the parallel lines of stripes express gradually the brand's goal.
It might be called "collection line." This Adidas sports style has shown off its design which is made by Yohji Yamamoto. He designs shoes, clothes, and accessaries with future-oriented images. in 2001, the initial sports style logo symbolized the swiftly chaning world. The three stripes which cross the oval capture the speed of changing. It means that the stripes are rushing with intersecting the world. The innovative works which pursue a beauty and a function based on tradition show brand's another potentiality.


Joy Division

Joy Division were an English Post punk band. It was made up of Ian Curtis as the lead singer, Peter Hook on bass, Stephen Morris as the Drummer and Bernard Albrecht (Sumner) on Guitar and occasional Keyboards They came out of the punk music scene in 1976, and in three years time became a band that inspired musicians from bands such as U2, Nine Inch Nails, Red Hot Chili Peppers, and The Cure. In 1980, they disbanded after the death of Ian Curtis and reformed as New Order.

During the Anarchy in the UK tour, the Sex Pistols played in Manchester on June 4. In the audience that night were three young men living around Manchester: school mates Peter Hook and Bernard Albrecht, and Ian Curtis. A few days later, Hook and Albrecht decided to start up a band, with Hook on bass and Albrecht on guitar. They got Terry Mason as a drummer, but still needed a singer. They placed an ad in the Virgin record shop in Manchester. Curtis answered it and became the singer of the band, called at the time the Stiff Kittens. He would also write the lyrics.

They practiced a lot during a few months, and wrote their first songs. In May of 1977, the band's name was changed to Warsaw and Mason was replaced on drums by Tony Tabac. Just a month later, Tabac left and Steve Brotherdale was hired as new drummer. It was at the same time that Paul Morley of the NME and DJ Rob Gretton found out about the band and saw its potential. Warsaw made a demo tape with five songs in the Pennine Sound Studios in July, but Brotherdale quit the group a few days later.

Finally, Stephen Morris joined the band. In October, they played at the Electric Circus, which was due to close down, along with The Fall and The Buzzcocks.

In December, they recorded four songs, which were to appear later as "An Ideal For Living". In January of 1978 the band changed its name to Joy Division to avoid any confusion with another group. They practised a lot and wrote new songs. On April 14 1978, they played along with 16 bands in a contest. Tony Wilson, who worked for Granada TV, and Rob Gretton liked their performance very much.

In 1979 Joy Division released their first album "Unknown Pleasures" which was well received by critics. During 1979 and early 1980 their popularity increased. Also in this period lead singer Ian Curtis suffered worsening bouts of illness caused by epilepsy.

The band returned to the studio in 1980 to record their second album "Closer" and a single "Love Will Tear Us Apart". Before these recordings were released Curtis had committed suicide at just 23. The unreleased album and single were subsequently released to critical acclaim. The remaining members of Joy Division reformed in 1980 as New Order and enjoyed considerable worldwide success during the 1980s and 1990s.

Many musicians and bands have acknowledged their appreciation of the work of Joy Division including U2 frontman Bono, Moby, Red Hot Chili Peppers and The Killers and the song Love Will Tear Us Apart has been covered by many artists from different musical backgrounds and genres.


New Order

New Order are a band from Salford, popular in the 1980s. Its members are: Bernard Sumner, Stephen Morris, Gillian Gilbert, Phil Cunningham, and Tom Chapman. Their biggest hit is "Blue Monday", which was the biggest selling 12" record of all time. They started in 1980 after Ian Curtis, the singer of Joy Division, which the members were part of, committed suicide, because they had agreed before Curtis died that if any member left they would not carry on playing as Joy Division. They have broke up twice, first in 1993 and then in 2007. In 2011 they reformed. They have released nine studio albums.

Peter Hook

Peter "Hooky" Hook (born 13 February 1956) is an English bass guitar player. He played in the bands Joy Division, New Order, Revenge and Monaco.


Bernard Sumner

Bernard Sumner (born 4 January 1956) is a singer with the bands Joy Division and New Order. He is also known as Bernard Albrecht. He plays guitar and keyboard.

Sumner was born in Broughton, England.

Chorlton-on-Medlock

Chorlton-on-Medlock is a district of Manchester in England. It is south of the city centre. The northern border is the river Medlock. It is sometimes mistaken for Chorlton-cum-Hardy, a different place in Manchester. The main campuses of the University of Manchester and the Manchester Metropolitan University are in Chorlton-on-Medlock. A group of hospitals including the Manchester Royal Infirmary and hospitals for women, children and the treatment of diseases of the eyes is also in the district. Famous residents of Chorlton-on-Medlock include Lloyd George, Emmeline Pankhurst and Elizabeth Gaskell.

Ultimate Fighting Championship

The Ultimate Fighting Championship (UFC) is a U.S.-based mixed martial arts (MMA) organization, which is currently the largest MMA promotion in the world. The UFC's President is Dana White, who has been the President of the company since it was purchased by his friends the Fertitta brothers for $2 million in 2001. It was eventually sold by the Fertitta brothers for over $4 billion dollars in 2016, to its current owners Zuffa, LLC.
The UFC is headquartered in Las Vegas, Nevada.


Chorlton-cum-Hardy

Chorlton-cum-Hardy is a southern district of Manchester, England. It is usually called just Chorlton. The river Mersey runs past its southern end, in a part called Chorlton Ees. "Ees" (plural) is a Saxon word for water meadow.

Neighbouring districts of Manchester are Whalley Range and West Didsbury, and to the west and north are Stretford and Old Trafford which are parts of Trafford. Hough End Hall is a manor house built in 1596. There are two churches belonging to the Church of England, St Clement's and St Werburgh's, and also St John's Church which is Roman Catholic, a Methodist church and a United Reformed church.
Cosgrove Hall was an animation studio in Chorlton. Its most famous cartoon is "Dangermouse". Some notable current and past residents of Chorlton are: George Best, the Bee Gees, The Stone Roses, and Blessed Ambrose Barlow. 
There are six primary schools in the Chorlton area. 

Acropolis

The word acropolis (Ancient Greek: ἀκρόπολις, "akropolis"; from "akros" (άκρος) or "akron" (άκρον), "highest, topmost, outermost", and "polis" (πόλις), "city"; plural in English: "acropoles", "acropoleis" or "acropolises") means the edge of a town, or more often a high city. Being easily defended against attackers, an acropolis often has a citadel. The most famous is the Acropolis of Athens.

"Acropolis" is also used for a central complex of overlapping structures, such as plazas and pyramids, in many Mayan cities, including Tikal and Copán.

Wokingham

Wokingham is a town in Berkshire in the south of England. It is the headquarters of Wokingham District. 30,403 people were living there in 2001.

October 2007 California wildfires

The California wildfires of October 2007 were more than 20 wildfires until November 9, 2007 burning in Southern California, making over 1,000,000 people to leave their homes, breaking at least 1,500 homes and buildings and moving in on at least 56,000 more.
At least of land were burned between Santa Barbara County and the Mexican border. Officials said that they feared the fire could become even more deadly than the 2003 Cedar Fire. The number and strength of the fires have tired the firefighters, with one department saying the "lack of resources [is] hindering suppression efforts."

The fires killed six people and have hurt at least 16 firefighters and 25 others.

California governor Arnold Schwarzenegger declared a state of emergency in seven California counties where fires burned. President Bush has declared an emergency in the State of California and ordered Federal aid to help State and local efforts.

An event that helped the fires is the drought in Southern California. The fires have been strengthened by the strangely strong Santa Ana winds. The winds are believed to have broken power lines, creating some of the fires. One fire was because of arson; one was started by an flipped-over semi-truck. Why the other fires are happening it not yet known. Winds were not expected to get better until October 25 2007.

San Diego County is where the two biggest fires were, the Witch Fire near the northeastern edge of the city of San Diego, and the Harris fire southeast of San Diego. The Witch fire forced Interstate 15 to be closed, and the Harris fire was near the border with Mexico.

As of the night of October 22, 2007, at least 5,000 homes were in danger. About 500,000 people had to leave, the largest evacuation in the area's history. Evacuees were meeting at the Del Mar Fairgrounds, Qualcomm Stadium and other places in the county. Officials think that 10,000 were meeting at Qualcomm. As well as food, blankets and water, volunteers gave toys to children, massages, and a live rock and roll band show. Many schools and business were closed. The only burn unit in the county, the UCSD Medical Center in Hillcrest was operated on an overflow basis. The unit, which has 18 beds, had 16 fire victims and several patients with injuries not due to the blazes.

As of October 23 at 11:34 a.m. PST:

The Witch Fire, also known as the Witch Creek Fire, was the largest of the fires. Approximately 6,800 structures were in danger, including 5,000 homes. Hundreds of thousands of people living there were told of evacuations through the Reverse 911 system. This evacuation comes almost exactly four years after the Cedar Fire of 2003.

The fire started near Santa Ysabel and quickly spread to Ramona, Rancho Bernardo, Poway and Escondido. From there the fire jumped over the Interstate 15 and kept moving west, causing bad damage in the areas of Lake Hodges, 4S Ranch, Del Dios, Harmony Grove and Rancho Santa Fe.

Heavy Santa Ana winds pushed the fires west near the coast. San Diego County Sheriff William B. Kolendar said that the Witch Creek Fire could be "well in excess of Cedar Fire of 2003". Officials also said that the fire could reach the coastline; people living in Solana Beach were told to be ready to evacuate.

All residents south of Del Dios Highway, north of Sorrento Valley Road, west of Interstate 15, and east of Interstate 5 were told to evacuate. By 9:30pm October 22, 2007 a dispatch from the city of Del Mar's web site stated "For your safety, we are strongly advising that all Del Mar residents evacuate." Evacuations were also ordered for Scripps Ranch neighborhood, mostly "Everything south of Scripps Poway Parkway, north of MCAS Miramar, east of Interstate 15, and west of Highway 67". The Mesa Grande Indian reservation was evacuated from the Witch Fire. Residents of the Barona Indian Reservation were told to leave if they wish. The casino on the reservation was closed. At about 01:00 on 23 October, fire happened near the southern end of Wild Cat Canyon, where many houses were broken and people killed in the Cedar Fire. Residents of Wild Cat Canyon and Muth Valley were told to evacuate, and the road was closed.

Many major roads were closed around the fire. On October 22, 2007, the California Highway Patrol closed Interstate 15 in both ways between state Route 78 and state Route 56.

The Harris Fire started at Harris Ranch Road near Potrero. As of October 23 the fire was moving towards eastern Chula Vista.

Two different Marine Corps Base fires were reported at about 1:00 p.m. on October 23. The Camp Margarita Fire is at 33 Area behind the Marine Corps Air Station. The Las Pulgas Fire is located at 43 Area near Basilone Road. Evacuations have been ordered.
The Coronado Hills Fire burned south of Cal State San Marcos.
The McCoy fire has burned in the Cleveland National Forest.
The fire started at about 3:13 a.m. on October 23 as a structure fire on the La Jolla Indian Reservation and then moved onto Palomar Mountain. It is running in the same way as the Rice Fire. With firefighters worried that the Rice Fire and Poomacha fire will meet in the Del Dios Canyon, firefighters have left the area and people living there have to leave.
The Rice Fire is burning in the Rice Canyon near Fallbrook, moving towards Rainbow Heights, and Santa Marguerita and Sandy Creek drainages.

As of 12:20 a.m. PST on October 23, the US Forest Service was thinking the Ranch, Buckweed, and Magic fires would meet into a single huge fire within 2 days.


As of 23 October 2007 the Buckweed fire in Agua Dulce and the Santa Clarita community of Canyon Country has burned in northeastern parts of the county. The communities of Santa Clarita, Leona Valley, Green Valley, Acton, Agua Dulce, and Mint Canyon were in danger. At least 925 firefighters are fighting the fire. Over 15,000 people and 5,500 homes had been evacuated.

The Canyon Fire has burned close to Malibu, California, mostly in Malibu Canyon. 600 residences, 200 commercial buildings, and 100 outbuildings were in danger, and 500 homes have been evacuated.
The Magic Fire started near The Old Road at Magic Mountain Parkway. Flames crept a few yards from West Ranch High School and many houses being made in Stevenson Ranch, but were pushed away. The fire is believed to have been caused accidentally by welders at a construction site.
The October Fire burned a small area in Santa Clarita, burning several homes in the Canyon Breeze Mobile Home Park.
Since 20 October 2007, the Ranch fire burned on the Los Angeles-Ventura county line, in the Angeles and Los Padres national forests. The fire is going around the Ventura County community of Piru and also threatened the communities of Fillmore, Ventura and Ojai. Three homes were destroyed, and 500 residences were in the fire's path. As of 7:00 a.m. local time, the fire was 10% under control. Evacuations were recommended in all of Piru and parts of Fillmore. Highway 126 was closed between Main Street and Chiquita Canyon Road in Piru. Angeles National Forest officials were closing the whole forest, starting October 23.

The Santiago Fire began shortly before 5:55pm on October 21, 2007 in the foothills north of Irvine and east of the city of Orange in Orange County. Fire officials have said that the source of the fire is arson; the fire was said to have been started in three different spots. The fire has burned over and is 30% contained. Strong winds stopped people from fighting the fire and forced a dozen firefighters to seek emergency shelter under tents after the fire moved at them. Two homes, one mobile home, and one outbuilding were destroyed. Several other buildings damaged, and four firefighters were a bit hurt from the fire. Damage estimates put the fire's cost at $5.5 million.

The Slide Fire has burned at Green Valley Lake, west of Lake Arrowhead. The Green Valley Lake, Arrow Bear, and Running Springs communities are under evacuation. Reports indicate water pressure in local systems was lost and conditions were too harsh for fighters to continue efforts in some areas. The fire has burned a camp owned by the Boy Scouts of America's local council, the California Inland Empire Council, called "Camp Helendade." Helendade was originally given to the council in 1960 to replace another camp that had been burned.
The Grass Valley Fire is burning just north of Lake Arrowhead. An online appeal from firefighters near the blaze at Lake Arrowhead showed that resources were spread thin:

"Immediate threat to 100 structures and possible threat to thousands ... Multiple downed power lines. IC (Incident Command) asking for resources from anywhere ... Lack of resources hindering suppression efforts. Unable to fly aircraft. All local engines are depleted."

The fire began near Martin Ranch Road and Meyers Road.
This fire was in the Ontario, California area. It damaged several buildings.
Together the fires made it a must to close Interstate 15 in the Cajon Pass. One fire was started by an flipped-over semi-truck. This fire burned 250 acres. It is currently 50% under control. 107 firefighters are assigned to this fire.
The Little Mountain fire threatens several homes and other structures.

The Sedgewick Fire was the farthest north of the October 2007 California wildfires. It started around 6:00 a.m. PST on October 21, 2007 from a falling power line. The fire burned a total of near Los Olivos. Approximately 2000 people were affected and 800 homes threatened before the fire was all under control around 5:00 p.m. on October 22.

The Roca fire began at 3:52 p.m. on October 21 in Aguanga, and burned east of Temecula. The fire was 100% contained on October 22. One home was destroyed and one injury was reported from the fire.
The Rosa fire began at 11:00 p.m. on October 22 in western Temecula and burned . The fire is 50% under control; 100% expected by October 24 at 6 p.m.

The fires were in a very dry area and they were made worse by seasonal winds called the Santa Ana winds. The San Diego Union Tribune reported, "Santa Ana winds blowing up to 60 mph combined with temperatures into the 90s to create in the worst possible fire conditions." Southern California was in the midst of an unusual drought; in Los Angeles, California, with only 3.21 in (82 mm) of precipitation in the entire 2006-2007 rain season, it is the driest year on record, receiving less rain than Death Valley in a normal year.

The Santa Ana winds are warm, dry winds that characteristically appear in Southern California and Northern Baja California weather during autumn and early winter. Santa Anas are a type of föhn wind, the result of air pressure buildup in the high-altitude Great Basin between the Sierra Nevada and the Rocky Mountains. This high energy wind spills out of the Great Basin and is pulled by gravity into the surrounding lowlands. The air circulates clockwise around the high pressure area bringing winds from the east and northeast to Southern California (the reverse of the westerly winds characteristic of the latitude). The air heats up due to adiabatic heating while being compressed during its descent. While the air has already been dried by orographic lift prior to reaching the Great Basin, the relative humidity of the air declines rapidly as it descends and warms in its final stages as it passes over the Transverse and Peninsular Ranges.

The air is then forced down the mountain slopes out towards the Pacific coast; the air mass is further heated by compression as it drops in altitude before reaching the Los Angeles Basin, western San Diego County and Tijuana (Baja California) at typical speeds of 35 knots. The southern California coastal region gets some of its hottest weather of the year during autumn while Santa Ana winds are blowing. During Santa Ana conditions it is typically hotter along the coast than in the deserts and the humidity plummets to less than 15%.

As the Santa Ana winds are channeled through the mountain passes they can approach hurricane force. The combination of wind, heat, and dryness turns the chaparral into explosive fuel for the infamous wildfires the region is known for. Wildfires fanned by Santa Ana winds burned 721,791 acres (2,921 km²) in two weeks during October 2003.

As of October 22, the high wind conditions were expected to continue to hamper firefighting for three additional days.

At around 12:30 PM, officials believed that some of the fires were generating their own winds, similar to the Oakland Firestorm of 1991.

On October 21, the Harris Fire damaged and disabled the Southwest Power Link, a 500,000-volt power line from Arizona to San Diego. Power outages were reported in Los Angeles, Orange, San Diego, and other counties on October 22 to 333,500 Southern California Edison customers, most being restored within 24 hours. The power outage also affected the areas of Ojai, Oxnard, Simi Valley, Santa Clarita, Thousand Oaks, Rialto, Fontana, San Bernardino, Rancho Cucamonga, Mira Loma, Hesperia, Corona, Bloomington, Irvine, Calimesa and Rubidoux. This outage also caused 230 people to be without power in Malibu. The California Independent System Operator Corp, or California ISO, declared an energy transmission emergency in southern California on October 23, due to wildfires affecting the lines. 500,000-, 230,000- and 138,000-volt lines were disabled in San Diego, and some lines in other areas were also disabled. 24,992 lost power, due to lack of power from the power grid.

The San Diego Community College District on October 22, 2007 initially closed Miramar College, followed by Mesa College and selected Continuing Education sites in the northern area of the District. Effective at 3:00 p.m. the same day all colleges, campuses and sites of the San Diego Community College District were closed and would remain so through at least October 23, 2007. Students and faculty were urged to seek an update on possible closures on October 23 after 5:00pm local time. Numerous other schools, businesses and universities closed as well, including California State University, San Marcos, San Diego State University, UC San Diego, the University of San Diego and the San Diego Wild Animal Park. Classes for Tuesday, October 23 were canceled for all of San Diego Unified School District and all other districts in the county and all schools in the municipalities of Tijuana, Tecate and Rosarito, located across the border in Baja California, Mexico.

In the Santa Clarita area, classes and events were cancelled at College of the Canyons and CalArts; local public schools were cancelled as well. All public schools were closed in Malibu, and there were some school closings in Orange County, Ventura County and San Bernardino County.

By mid-morning on October 22, 2007, thousands of evacuees were taking shelter in Qualcomm Stadium and other locations throughout San Diego. On the afternoon of October 22, 2007, the Marines were evacuating some planes from Marine Corps Air Station Miramar to other military bases in California and Arizona. The San Diego Wild Animal Park moved some animals to the on-site animal hospital for their protection.

As of October 22 2007, with Qualcomm Stadium still hosting evacuees, the San Diego State University football team was still planning to host their Saturday game against BYU in the stadium. Some players and coaches were affected by evacuations. Numerous San Diego area high schools canceled games and practices at least through October 24 2007. With many players from the San Diego Chargers affected by evacuations, the team moved practices to Arizona and they may move their upcoming game there as well.

Government agencies and volunteers worked together to mitigate the effects of the fires. According to the state of California's Consolidated Response web page, "There are 17 active fires in Southern California. The priority for fighting fires as of 1930 on October 21 is the Buckweed, Witch, Harris, Canyon, Ranch, Santiago, and Sedgewick Fires."

With many businesses and schools closed, some people used their time off to help others. Officials estimated that 10,000 people were gathered at Qualcomm stadium, the largest shelter point in San Diego. The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints opened ten of its churches as temporary shelters and, at the request of the mayor of San Diego, delivered two truckloads of blankets and processed food to evacuees in Qualcomm Stadium.

The Salvation Army provided food, water and comfort to firefighters, police and others affected by the blaze.

The Navy and Marines were also helping in San Diego. Six crews from the Navy's Helicopter Sea Combat Squadron 85 based at Naval Air Station North Island were assigned to battle the Witch Creek fire. They fly MH-60 Seahawk helicopters which have a 420-gallon water bucket and they are the only local Navy teams trained to fight fires from the air. Marine Corps Air Station Miramar contributed several aircraft as well as fire fighting trucks to operations based in Ramona.


Parasaurolophus

Parasaurolophus is a genus of ornithopod dinosaur from the Upper Cretaceous of what is now North America, about 76.5–73 million years ago. Its name means "near crested lizard". It was given this name because when it was first discovered scientists thought it was related to Saurolophus. It was a herbivore that walked both as biped and a quadruped. It probably lived in herds. 

Parasaurolophus was a hadrosaur. They had a large head crest, which was a long curved tube. It went upwards and back from the skull. The crest has been much discussed by scientists. They think its main functions were visual recognition of species and sex, acoustic resonance (making a loud sound), and thermoregulation. Parasaurolophus is one of the rarer hadrosaurs: there are only a few good specimens.

Thai boxing

Thai boxing (or Muay Thai) is a combat sport (martial art) that has been developed in Thailand. It is known also as "the art of eight limbs", because both hands, elbows, knees, and legs can be used to attack an opponent. In the competition, the high kicks in the head can seem to make a stronger effect. In spite of this, the persons with special skills and knowledge of this sport declare that the low kicks, the elbows, and the knees are more effective or forceful for the persons who fight. 

A person, who takes part in the competition, does the long ceremony and the act established by custom before the fight. They exist for religious reasons, and they serve as stretching the muscles and as preparation.The long history of Muay Thai began with its use in warfare in the past. This is different from Muay Thai nowadays which is used as a sport. By using gloves to prevent danger from occurring. Muay Thai is still known as The eight arts of attack, which include two hands, two feet, two elbows, and two knees (in some texts it might be Nawawat, which includes the use of the head to attack, or Tosaweapon, which includes the use of the buttocks to attack) Muay Thai is inherited from ancient boxing. Which is divided into each line according to that locality, with the main important lines such as Tha Sao boxing (Northern region), Korat boxing (Northeastern region), Chaiya boxing (Southern region), Lopburi boxing, and Phra Nakhon boxing (Central region). There is a saying that "Hard punch in Korat, smart Lopburi, Tha Dee Chaiya, faster than Tha Sao" Sometimes there are legends of kings or nobles who are experts in fighting disguised themselves to compete to test their skills, including King Suea (Khun Luang Sorasak), King Taksin the Great. Phraya Phichai Dap Hak, Kru Dok, Mueang Wiset Chai Chan Subdistrict Until when Thailand lost its capital to Burma. The name of Mr. Khanom Tom appeared. Ayutthaya boxing teacher who were forcibly taken as prisoners of war to fight with the Burmese Winning many times is a demonstration of the ruthless skill of Muay Thai.In the late Ayutthaya period, the Department of Electoral Attorneys and the Royal Police Department were established to provide protection to the king and the royal family. There was training in martial arts, both Muay Thai and wrestling, following the example of Persian guests (Iran). Therefore, many Muay Thai teachers and skilled boxers entered government service and displayed their fighting skills in the royal court and in front of the royal palace at various festivals. Come together regularly

The training for Thai boxing is known for its being strong and its firmness, with modern workouts including both strength and cardio. Strength workouts include weightlifting and dumbbells, while cardio includes running. Some fighters will even train by kicking hard objects such as metal poles. It aims to harden the eight members of the body, so that being hit with the shinbone of the Thai boxer is often compared to being hit with a baseball stick. The Thai boxers usually kick with the shinbone instead of with the foot.

Thai boxing has influenced a lot on developing of kickboxing which afterwards has been created in Japan, in Europe, and in North America and some parts of Africa

Almost every act of moving in Thai boxing use the whole body, while turning the hip to every kick and every blow with the fist. As a result, the attacks and the defense in Thai boxing are slower but more powerful for example than those of boxing or of karate. 


Carrefour

Carrefour SA (IPA: /karfur/) is a French international hypermarket chain. It has many shops around the world. It is the second largest retail group in the world in terms of revenue and sales figures after Wal-Mart. Carrefour operates mainly in the European Union, Brazil, Argentina and Colombia. It also has shops in Africa, and Asia. Carrefour means cross-road (the place where two roads meet) in French.

Never Say Never

Never S-A-Y Never is the second album by American R&B singer Brandy, released by Atlantic Records on June 8, 1998 in Europe and on June 9, 1998 in North America. Chiefly produced by Rodney Jerkins, helped to make Jerkins' Timbaland-inspired production sound popular, which he later used for recordings by Whitney Houston, Destiny's Child, and others. "Never Say Never" earned Brandy five Grammy Award nominations and became her biggest-selling album to date.

Soviet occupation zone of Germany

The Soviet Occupation Zone (German: Sowjetische Besatzungszone (SBZ) or Ostzone , Sovetskaya zona Germanii, "Soviet Zone of Germany") was the area of eastern Germany occupied by the Soviet Union from 1945 on, at the end of World War II. It became East Germany.

American forces first occupied some of the area. The Americans withdrew in July 1945 to the agreed occupation zone boundaries.

The Soviet Military Administration in Germany (German initials: SMAD) allowed four political parties to form, but they all had to work in the "All-Party Committee" (the "Nationale Front").

The Social Democratic Party of Germany (SPD) and the Communist Party of Germany were merged into the Socialist Unity Party of Germany (which became the governing party of East Germany). Finally, the SED created other parties, to weaken the Christian Democratic Union and Liberal Democratic Party of Germany.

Originally, Stalin wanted to Sovietize all of Germany, but when the West resisted this idea, he tried to work for a united Germany which would be neutral, but when the West again said no he decided to build a new country out of the Soviet occupation zone. This became East Germany

The Soviet occupation zone included the central parts of Prussia. After Prussia was dissolved by the allied powers in 1947, the area was divided between the German states of Brandenburg, Mecklenburg, Saxony, Saxony-Anhalt und Thuringia.

On October 8, 1949, the part of the Soviet zone west of the Oder-Neisse line became the German Democratic Republic, usually known simply as East Germany. In 1952, the states were dissolved, and changed to 14 districts, plus East Berlin. East Berlin was treated as part of the new East Germany, but technically was part of the Allied-controlled city of Berlin.


Need for Speed: Most Wanted

Need For Speed Most Wanted is the 11th installment in the "Need for Speed" series. It is available for the PlayStation 2, Xbox, Xbox 360, GameBoy Advance, Nintendo DS and the GameCube. The game was first released on November 15, 2005.

Another version called Need For Speed: Most Wanted: 5-1-0 was released for the PlayStation Portable. The game consists of the player racing to make their way up the "Blacklist" until they finally challenge the top racer, Razor. There are 15 blacklists (levels) you have to complete 1 - 15 blacklists to complete the game.

Ironman

Iron Man could mean:


The term "Iron Man" is used in multiple sports for players with long streaks of consecutive games. For example, the term "Iron Man of Baseball" refers to either Lou Gehrig or Cal Ripken, Jr..
As of March 31, 2007, the current regular season ironmen in the four major North American sports are:

The term "iron man" can also be used to describe a game that is played by oneself whereas additional players would normally be required. It is also used in the Arena Football League for any player that plays both offensive and defensive positions.

The term could also mean:







Iron Man (song)

"Iron Man" is the name of a song by Black Sabbath. It was on their second album, "Paranoid" (1970). The song is one of Black Sabbath's greatest hits.
"Iron Man" appears to be about a man who travels to the future and witnesses the Apocalypse. On his way back, he is caught in Earth's magnetic field, and turned to steel. When he comes back, he tries to warn the people about the Apocalypse, but they do not believe him, and shun him, so he takes his revenge by killing them all, thus bringing about the Apocalypse he saw. It would appear that he died and came back to life, for "vengeance from the grave kills the people he once saved" is a line from the song. 

"Iron Man" has been used many times, and is frequently performed at events. Its riff has become one of the most easily recognizable riffs in music.

The 2008 movie "Iron Man" features portions of this song at the end of the movie.

The title of the song was conceived by Ozzy Osbourne. Geezer Butler took to writing the lyrics around the title. The song was originally entitled "Iron Bloke". Upon hearing the main guitar riff for the first time, Osbourne remarked that it sounded "like a big iron bloke walking about". The title was later changed to "Iron Man".

Death in Venice (opera)

Death in Venice is an opera by Benjamin Britten. It is based on the story "Death in Venice" ("Der Tod in Venedig") by the German writer Thomas Mann.

The libretto (words) for the opera was written by Myfanwy Piper. It was the last opera that Britten wrote. It was first performed at Snape Maltings near Aldeburgh, England on June 16, 1973. Britten was too ill to conduct it himself. The main part of Aschenbach was sung by Sir Peter Pears.

The story is supposed to take place in the year 1911. It starts in Munich, and then moves to Venice. The opera is divided into two acts.

Aschenbach is a famous German writer. He is getting old and starting to find it difficult to think of new ideas for stories. As he is walking in Munich he stops in front of a cemetery. He sees a traveller who is obviously from another country. This makes him think he ought to travel somewhere to get new ideas for his books.

He takes a boat to Venice. On the boat he watches a group of young people. Their leader is showing off. Aschenbach realizes that, although their leader looks young, he is in fact old. He has dressed in clothes and used make-up to make him look young. Aschenbach does not like him.

In Venice he is takes a gondola, but the boatman does not take him where he wants to go. Aschenbach argues at first, but the boatman does not take any notice. 

Aschenbach arrives at the hotel. In the hotel he watches the people coming down to dinner. Suddenly he sees Tadzio. Tadzio is a young Polish boy who is unbelievably beautiful. Aschenbach realizes it is stupid for him to feel love for the boy, but he cannot get the boy out of his mind.

Aschenbach watches Tadzio playing on the sandy beach. When he notices that the boy (like many Polish people) hates the Russian guests, he realizes that the boy is not quite perfect after all.

Aschenbach walks along the streets of Venice. Everywhere beggars are asking him for money. There is a horrible smell coming from the water of the canals. Aschenbach decides to leave Venice. The hotel manager is very sorry that he going so soon. Tadzio walks past Aschenbach. Aschenbach goes to the train station, but his luggage has been put on the wrong train, so he goes back to the hotel. He is annoyed, but he is also pleased because he can see Tadzio again.

Aschenbach sits in his chair on the beach, watching Tadzio and his friends play. It makes him think of the Greek gods. The boys do different sports on the beach: running, long jump, discus, javelin and wrestling. Tadzio wins easily. Aschenbach wants to congratulate him, but when the chance comes he cannot speak.

Aschenbach realizes that he loves the boy. He goes to the barber for a shave. The barber tells him that lots of people in Venice are getting sick. Aschenbach wants to know whether it is something serious, but the barber says it is nothing to worry about.

Aschenbach is being rowed on the water. He can smell disinfectant. There are notices in the streets warning people to be careful of the sickness. In a German newspaper he reads that the sickness in Venice is cholera. It says that all German people should leave the city and return home. Aschenbach does not want the Polish family to leave Venice. He does not want them to know about the cholera. He follows then to a café and to church, but he still cannot find the courage to speak to them. After dinner the guests watch a group of actors. Aschenbach notices that Tadzio, like himself, cannot laugh at their jokes.

Lots of the hotel guests are leaving. An English clerk tells him that lots of people in the city have Asiatic cholera. He tells him he ought to leave immediately before they stop everyone from leaving the city.

Aschenbach decides to warn Tadzio's mother of the danger of the illness, but he just cannot do it. He has a dream about the Greek gods. When he awakes he realises that these wild thoughts about Tadzio have gripped him. He cannot do anything about it.

Again Aschenbach watches as Tadzio and his friends play a game on the beach; they soon leave. Aschenbach goes to the barber. He asks him to try to make him beautiful and young. When he goes on a gondola he realises he is just like the old man he saw on the boat. He follows the Polish family. Tadzio starts to walk separately from his family. He waits for Aschenbach and looks straight at him, but Aschenbach turns away. He is pleased that Tadzio does not let his mother notice what happened. Aschenbach is alone again, and buys some strawberries. They are not fresh. He thinks about the Greek gods again, and about the relationship between a writer and what he writes about.

The hotel manager organizes the departure of the last guests. The Polish family are leaving. Aschenbach watches Tadzio and another boy playing on the beach. The game gets rough, and the other boy pushes Tadzio’s face into the sand. Aschenbach tries to get up to help him, but he is too weak to get out of his chair. Tadzio is left alone on the beach. He gives Aschenbach a sign to follow him, but Aschenbach slumps back in his chair and dies. Tadzio continues walking far out into the sea.

The part of the boy Tadzio is a dancing part. He and his family never speak or sing in the opera.

All the different characters that Aschenbach meets: the man by the cemetery, the old man dressed as a young man, the gondolier, the hotel manager, the barber, the leader of the actors and the voice of the God Dionysus are really like one character. They are sung by the same singer, a bass-baritone. Apart from him and Aschenbach (a tenor) the only other solo singer in the opera is the voice of Apollo, sung offstage by a countertenor as the boys play sport on the beach. There are several choruses: the groups of young people, hotel staff, actors, church choir and tourists.

The whole sound of the opera is written with the voice of Peter Pears in mind. Britten’s music is partly tonal but also uses twelve-tone music and gamelan music from the Far East. When Aschenbach sings recitative (telling the story) he is just accompanied by the piano. Britten deliberately uses a limited number of musical sounds. This gives the opera a specially expressive character, particularly in the beautiful ending.

Territory of the Saar Basin

The Territory of the Saar Basin (, "Saarterritorium;" ) was usually called the Saar or the . It was a territory governed by the League of Nations under the Treaty of Versailles for 15 years from 1920.

Its population in 1933 was 812,000, and its capital was Saarbrücken.

It was made up of parts of the Prussian Rhine Province and the Bavarian Palatinate of the Rhine. It was slightly smaller than the modern German state of Saarland.

According to Treaty of Versailles the highly industrialized Saarland was to be governed by the League of Nations for a period of 15 years, and its coalfields given to France. The "Commission of Government", which represented the League of Nations, had five members. At least one member had to be French and one a native of the Saar.

At the end of the 15 year period, in 1935, the people of the Saar voted on how they wanted their country. They voted to become a part of Nazi Germany.

It had a currency, the Saar franc, and its own postage stamps during this period.

The League of Nations' control to the region was represented by the following Chairmen of the Commission of Government:

In 1933, many anti-Nazi Germans fled to the Saar, as it was the only part of Germany left outside the Third Reich's control. As a result, anti-Nazi groups wanted the Saarland to remain under control of League of Nations as long as Adolf Hitler ruled Germany. However, France had a lot of power in the Saar, including control of the coal mines. Not many "Saarlanders" liked France, and in the plebiscite on 13 January 1935, 90% of the voters wished to join Germany, and 8.86% wanted to stay with the League of Nations. Only 0.40% (that is, four voters in every thousand) wanted to join France.

On 17 January 1935, the territory's re-union with Germany was approved by the League Council. On 1 March, the Nazi Germany took over the region, and appointed Josef Bürckel as "Reichskommissar für die Rückgliederung des Saarlandes", "Reich Commissioner for the re-union of Saarland".

Many former politicians and office holders of the Saargebiet were changed or arrested by the Nazis.

When re-incorporation was completed, the governor became "Reichskommissar für das Saarland", "Reich Commissioner of Saarland" on 17 June 1936.



William Walton

Sir William Walton OM, (born Oldham, 29 March 1902; died Ischia, Italy, 8 March 1983) was a British composer and conductor. He was one of the most important British composers of the mid-20th century, a period that included Benjamin Britten and Michael Tippett. His music has very lively rhythms which are often jazzy.

Walton’s family were musical but they had very little money. Both his parents sang, and Walton sang in the local church choir. His father would hit him if he made a mistake. This may be why in later life he was so careful about every note he wrote.

At the age of ten he joined the choir of Christ Church Cathedral in Oxford. He learned the piano and violin. He was only 16 years when he went to Oxford University where he was at Christ Church, Oxford. Most of what he knew about composing he taught himself. He studied the scores of works by Igor Stravinsky, Claude Debussy, Jean Sibelius and others. He had some lessons from Hugh Allen, the cathedral organist. At Oxford Walton became friends with two poets: Sacheverell Sitwell and Siegfried Sassoon. Most of the music he wrote when he was very young has been lost, but the choral anthem "A Litany", written when he was just fifteen, shows his musical talent with its modern harmonies. 

Walton left Oxford in 1920 without a degree having failed his exams three times. He went to live with the Sitwell family, who introduced him to many important people, including the composer Constant Lambert and song writer Noel Coward. He also travelled with the Sitwells to Italy. In 1923 he set one of Edith Sitwell’s poems to music. The piece was called "Façade". The music was very jazzy and almost jokey, and it sounded very modern to many people at that time.

During the 1920s, Walton earned some money playing the piano at jazz clubs, but he spent most of his time composing in the Sitwells' attic. The orchestral overture "Portsmouth Point" (which he dedicated to Sassoon) was the first work which shows Walton’s real style. In 1929 the Viola Concerto started to make him really famous. This was followed by "Belshazzar's Feast" (1931), the Symphony No. 1 (1935), the coronation march "Crown Imperial" (1937), and the Violin Concerto (1939). All these works are very popular today.

During World War II, Walton did not have to do military service so he had time to compose music for propaganda films, such as "The First of the Few" (1942), and Laurence Olivier's adaptation of Shakespeare's "Henry V" (1944). After composing a second string quartet (1946) Walton spent most of the next seven years writing his opera, "Troilus and Cressida" (1947 – 1954). The opera was not very popular. This was because his music was rather Romantic, very different from a lot of modern music that was in fashion in the 1950s, especially the music of Pierre Boulez and his followers.

Walton also composed the music for two more Shakespeare-Olivier films - the Academy Award-winning "Hamlet", and "Richard III". Walton, however, did not win Oscars for any of his Shakespeare-based scores.

Walton then started to write more orchestral music: the Cello Concerto (1956), the Symphony No. 2 (1960), and the "Variations on a Theme by Hindemith" (1963). He started to have many honours: He was knighted in 1951 and received the Order of Merit in 1968. People liked his one-act comic opera "The Bear", when it was performed at the Aldeburgh Festival in 1967, and he was asked by people from all over the world for new music. His song-cycles from this period were given their first performances by famous singers such as Peter Pears and Elisabeth Schwarzkopf.
In his last years, Walton found composition more and more difficult. He tried to compose a third symphony for André Previn, but later gave up. His last works were mostly church music or reworkings of older pieces.. He had settled on the island of Ischia in Italy in 1949 with his Argentine wife Susana Gil. He died there in 1983. 

Since his death, Walton's music has been performed and recorded a lot. People no longer think of him as old-fashioned, but as a composer who had a very strong personality which can be heard clearly in his music.

Walton was knighted in 1951 and appointed to the Order of Merit in 1967.

List of Romanian composers

This is a list of Romanian composers.

Free City of Danzig

The Free City of Danzig (; ) was a self-governing port on the Baltic Sea port and a city-state. It was set up on January 10, 1920, by Part III Section XI of the Treaty of Versailles of 1919, and put under League of Nations protection, with special rights reserved to Poland, because it was the only port in the Polish Corridor.

The Free City ceased to exist after 1939 when it was occupied and annexed by Nazi Germany. After Germany's defeat in 1945 Danzig was occupied and annexed by Poland under the Polish name Gdańsk.

The Free City of Danzig included the major city of Danzig (Gdańsk) as well as Zoppot (Sopot), Tiegenhof (Nowy Dwór Gdański), Neuteich (Nowy Staw) and some 252 villages and 63 hamlets. Its area was .

The Free City was represented abroad by Poland's ambassadors. The railway line that connected the Free City with Poland was administered by Poland. Similarly, the separated military post within the city's harbour, the Westerplatte (formerly a city beach), was also given to Poland. There were also two post-offices, one for the Danzig Postal Service, the other was Polish-run.

League of Nations mandated territories, were run by member countries on behalf of the League. But Danzig and the Saargebiet were run by the League of Nations itself, with representatives of various countries taking on the role of High Commissioner:

The Free City's population was 357,000 in (1919). 98% were German-speakers, with the rest mainly speaking either Kashubian or Polish.

The Treaty of Versailles, split Danzig from Germany. The treaty made the people living in the city citizens of the Free City. German inhabitants lost their German nationality, if they wanted to stay German they had to go and live outside the Free City's territory.

Heads of State of the Free City of Danzig

In May 1933, the Nazi Party won the local elections in the city. But they had less than the two-thirds majority that would let them change the Constitution of the Free City of Danzig. The government introduced anti-Semitic and also anti-Catholic laws against the Poles and Kashubian inhabitants.

Poland always refused to allow the status of Danzig to change. In April 1939 the Polish Commissioner-General said that Poland was willing to fight if there was a change..

The Nazi government voted for re-unification with Germany on September 2, 1939, the day after the German invasion of Poland began.

Around 90% of the city was reduced to ruins towards the end of the Second World War. On March 30, 1945 the city was taken by the USSR. It is thought that more than 90% of the pre-war population were either dead or had fled by 1945.

The Allied Powers were told at the Potsdam conference that the former Free State was now part of Poland. (The Yalta conference was unclear whether the Free City would be recreated or not).



Surf's Up (movie)

Surf's Up is a 2007 American computer-animated movie made by Sony Pictures Animation. It stars Shia LaBeouf, Jeff Bridges, Zooey Deschanel, Jon Heder, Mario Cantone, James Woods, Rebecca Honig, Diedrich Bader, Rob Machado, Kelly Slater and Sal Masekela. The movie is a cartoon of surfing documentaries, like "The Endless Summer" and "Riding Giants". Composed by Randy Newman.

This movie has a direct-to-video sequel called "", was released in 2016.

Baby Boy

"Baby Boy" is a Middle Eastern-influenced R&B and dancehall song written by Beyoncé Knowles, Scott Storch, Sean Paul, Robert Waller, and Shawn "Jay-Z" Carter for Knowles' first solo album, "Dangerously in Love" (2003).

It was produced by Knowles and Storch and was released to positive reception as the album's second single in July 2003. The song (which features dancehall singer Sean Paul) reached number one in the U.S., becoming Beyoncé's second solo number-one single and Sean Paul's second; it also reached number two in the UK. It was also recognized at the ASCAP awards by the label companies receiving the Publisher of the Year from EMI and Most Performed Songs award in 2003. It was certified Platinum in the US for sales and shipments of over one million copies there. "Baby Boy" finished at number 12 on the "Billboard" Year-End Hot 100 of 2003.


List of heads of state of the Free City of Danzig

The Free City of Danzig (German: "Freie Stadt Danzig"; Polish: "Wolne Miasto Gdańsk") existed between 1920 and 1939.

The City had its own post office, currency and citizenship, but it was not independent: it was administered directly by the League of Nations, represented by a High Commissioner. The city was governed by the Senate. The head of state was the President of the Senate. The Free City was represented abroad by Poland's ambassadors.

League of Nations mandated territories, were run by member countries on behalf of the League. But Danzig and the Saargebiet were run by the League of Nations itself, with representatives of various countries being the High Commissioner:

Heads of State of the Free City of Danzig 


Main-Franconian dialects

Main-Franconian is group of German dialects that are spoken in the centre of Germany, in the area known as Franconia near the river Main.

In Germany most people call these dialects simply “Fränkisch”. Although they have a lot in common there are many variations from one small region to another.

Historically Franconia (German: “Franken”) was a very large area covering a lot of Germany including parts of the Rhine as far as the Netherlands. Today Franconia is the north part of Bavaria (German: “Bayern”) including what is known as Lower Franconia, Upper Franconia, Mid-Franconia and parts of Upper Bavaria.

Typical for Franconian dialects is the voiceless consonants becoming voiced, i.e. “k” pronounced like “g”, “t” like “d”, “p” like “b” and “s” like English “z”. In pubs one often hears on the public address system a request for a member of staff 


The pronunciation of vowels may be different from normal German, e.g.
Franconia is often described as the place where:

An angry Franconian might say:


Port Arthur, Texas

Port Arthur is a city in Texas. It was hit by Hurricane Alicia on August 18, 1983. There was 56,039 people at the 2020 census.


Moisture

Moisture mostly means the presence of water, often in trace amounts (small quantities).
Moisture exists in the atmosphere in all three forms solid, liquid and gas. 

Marta Colvin

Marta Colvin Andrade (born 22 June 1907 in Chillán, Chile, died 27 October 1995 in Santiago, Chile) was a sculptor.

Colvin began sculpting in Chillán years after marrying and forming a family. After the 1939 earthquake, Marta Colvin lived in Santiago. While there, she went to the Belle Arts School of the University of Chile. Her teachers were Julio Antonio Vásquez and Lorenzo Domínguez. In 1943, she worked as an instructor at the Vasquez Factory. She became a professor there in 1950. In 1948, she traveled to France to study at the Academy Grand Chaumiere with the sculptors Ossip Zadkine and Henri Laurens. In 1951, she was invited by the British Council to study in the Slade School of the University of London, England. Colvin spent the next thirty years working and studying in France. Her talent was known world-wide. In 1970, she was awarded the National Prize of Art.


Bárbara of Portugal

Bárbara of Portugal (Pronunciation , December 4, 1711 – August 27, 1758) was a Portuguese princess, daughter of King John V of Portugal, of the House of Braganza, and his wife, Maria Anna of Austria.

She was born on 4 December 1711 in Lisbon, Portugal and given the name "Maria Madalena Bárbara Xavier Leonor Teresa Antónia Josefa de Bragança" but she was usually called just "Bárbara" or "Maria Bárbara", in honour of Saint Barbara, the saint of her birthday.

She had a fine education and loved music. She could speak six languages and studied music for several years with Domenico Scarlatti, the famous Italian harpsichordist and composer.

In 1729, when she was 18 years old, she married the future King Ferdinand VI of Spain, in Badajoz, Spain. They had no children. She died on 27 August 1758 in Aranjuez, Spain.

The city of Santa Bárbara de Samaná in the Dominican Republic was named after her when it was founded in 1756.

List of Arizona hurricanes

An Arizona hurricane is a tropical cyclone forming in the eastern Pacific Ocean that affects the state of Arizona in the United States. Usually, the storm makes landfall in the Mexican states of Baja California or Sonora, with the remaining moisture normally having mild rainfall effects on the state. However, a few storms have crossed into Arizona while they still had tropical storm strength.

It is extremely difficult for a hurricane to form in Arizona because the normal storms that form in the eastern Pacific Ocean move either parallel or away from the Pacific coast of Northwestern Mexico. As a result, most storms that could affect Arizona, are carried away from the United States, and only 6% of all Pacific hurricanes enter US territory. In average, Arizona experiences the effects of tropical cyclones once every five years. Many, but not all, of these systems also affected California.

Tropical storms are one of Arizona's main sources of rainfall, and they infuse the monsoon over the southwestern United States. However, all of the storms that have impacted Arizona have formed in the latter parts of the Pacific hurricane season, and no storm has affected the state before August.

Some of these tropical cyclones have caused deaths or a lot of property damage, usually because of flooding created by rain.

In August of 1935, the remnants of an unnamed tropical storm that landed on southern California causing heavy rains and flooding across Arizona, especially along the Santa Cruz River and Rillito Creek on Southern Arizona. The rainfall due to the storm still holds the record rainfall at the National Weather Service office in Tucson.

In September of 1970, the remnants of Tropical Storm Norma became Arizona's deadliest storm when they contributed to the disaster known as the "Labor Day storm of 1970". As Norma dissipated, moisture from the cyclone was captured in a large extratropical low. The resulting rainfall created deadly floods that killed 23 people and caused huge damages. Two years later, the remnants of Hurricane Joanne caused flooding that created damages up to $10 million (1972 USD) and eight deaths.

On September 11, 1976, Hurricane Kathleen killed a man when a gust of wind blew a palm tree down onto his mobile home. Strong flooding and hailstorms also resulted.

A weather system, including moisture from Tropical Storm Octave, caused heavy rains over a ten-day period. Fourteen people drowned, 975 were injured, and roughly 10,000 people were left homeless when the flooding ended. The amount of damage from the disaster was put at 370 million (year unknown) USD.

Mallard

The mallard ("Anas platyrhynchos") is the best-known and most recognizable of all ducks. It can be found throughout most of North America, Europe, Asia, New Zealand and Australia. It is the most common and widespread duck. It can be found in almost any area with a wetland habitat, even in urban areas.

The mallard is a large and heavy looking duck. It has a body and a long and a broad bill. The male has a dark green head, a yellow bill, is mainly purple-brown on the breast and grey on the body. The female is mainly brown with an orange bill.

It breeds in all parts of the Europe in summer and winter, wherever there are suitable wetland habitats. It is scarcer in upland areas.

Naughty Girl

Naughty Girl is an R&B/disco song written by Beyoncé Knowles, Scott Storch, Robert Waller, and Angela Beyincé for Knowles' debut solo album, "Dangerously in Love" (2003). It was released as the fourth single. It was also recognized at the American Society of Composers, Authors, and Publishers 2005 Pop Music Awards by receiving the "Songwriter of the Year" —sharing with Scott Storch, Robert Walker, Angela Beyincé, and Donna Summer—and "Most Performed Songs" awards. The remixes feature Lil' Flip, Lil' Kim, Grafh, and Redman.

The video for this song was directed by Jake Nava, who had risen to popularity after directing Beyoncé's first two videos, "Crazy In Love" and "Baby Boy." The video pays tribute to Hollywood's Golden Era, as Beyoncé and the cast of the video are dressed in old fashioned, glamorous clothing and hairstyles. As the title of the song suggest, Beyoncé plays the role of the naughty girl in several sexy sequences, as she can be seen dancing seductively with Usher emulating Cyd Charisse and Fred Astaire in "The Band Wagon".



Yankee Stadium (1923)

The original Yankee Stadium was a baseball stadium in New York City, New York in the United States. It was opened in 1923. The MLB team New York Yankees played there until 2008. The Yankees moved to the new Yankee Stadium starting with the 2009 season. The stadium was also the home field of the New York Giants football team from the mid-1950s into the early 1970s. It was also used for college football, soccer, boxing matches, musical events, and even a mass conducted by the Pope. The stadium was also called the "House that Ruth Built" by many to honor Babe Ruth, a Yankee who hit many home runs during the stadium's first years. The stadium was torn down in early 2009.

British occupation zone in Germany

The Allied powers who defeated Nazi Germany in World War II divided the country into four occupation zones from 1945 to 1949.

The British zone consisted of Schleswig-Holstein, Hamburg, Lower Saxony and the present-day state of North Rhine-Westphalia. The British military government was based in Bad Oeynhausen.

Bremen and Bremerhaven were surrounded by the British Zone, but were given to the United States, so that the Americans had a port. What is now Rhineland-Palatinate was to be a part of the British Zone. It was given up to form part of the French occupation zone.

In May 1949 the British, French, and American zones were joined to form the Federal Republic of Germany. The military governors were replaced by civilian high commissioners. The high commissioners were part-governor and part-ambassador. The occupation officially continued until 1955. This is when the Federal Republic became a fully sovereign state, the western occupation zones ceased to exist, and the high commissioners were replaced by normal ambassadors. But the four allied powers still had special rights and responsibilities in Germany until the Final Settlement of 1990.

The city of Berlin, however, was not part of either state and continued to be under Allied occupation until 1990.







Greater Hesse

Greater Hesse () was a part of the American Occupation Zone of Germany after World War II

The German Empire broke up after World War I. The Grand Duchy of Hesse-Darmstadt () became the People's State of Hesse () on 2 March 1919.

After World War II, on 19 September 1945, the American Military Government joined Hesse-Darmstadt (except for Rheinhessen) with parts of the Prussian provinces of Kurhessen and Nassau to form Greater-Hesse.

On 18 December 1946 the state was renamed Hesse, and in 1949 became a part of the Federal Republic of Germany.

Mioriţa

Mioriţa "(The Little Ewe)" is a Romanian traditional ballad.


Muzio Clementi

Muzio Clementi was an Italian composer in classical period who lived from 1752 to 1832. He was born in Rome, Italy. He was the first composer to write music for the pianoforte which made use of the instrument's special features. He was also the first virtuoso performer on the instrument. As a composer, performer, and maker of pianos, he is known as the "father of the pianoforte.

Clementi was born in Rome on January 23, 1752. He was the eldest child of Nicolo Clementi, a silversmith, and Magdalena Kaiser. Clementi began to learn music from Antonio Baroni (1738-1792), who was a relative. Baroni was in charge of the choir at St. Peter's Basilica. He also had lessons from the organist, Cordicelli, Giuseppe Santarelli (1710-1790) and Gaetano Carpani.

When he was 13, he became the church organist at San Lorenzo in Damaso (Saint Lawrence in the House of Damascus), a parish church in Rome. He had also started writing music including an oratorio, "Martirio de' gloriosi Santi Giuliano" and a mass. In 1766, Sir Peter Beckford, heard him playing the harpsichord. He took Clementi back to England with him, so that he could provide the musical entertainment at Beckford's house in Dorset. He died in Evesham, Worcestershire, after a short illness.

Chromatography

Chromatography is a method for separating the parts of a mixture for chemical analysis and identification. It works by using differences in the speed at which the mixed substances move through special "media", or chemical substances. It uses a "stationary phase" (a solid) and a "mobile phase" (a liquid or a gas). The fluid mobile phase flows through the stationary phase. Chromatography is much used in biochemistry and analytical chemistry.

The stationary phase is a flat plane, such as paper, or a substance on glass. 

"Paper chromatography" is an old technique for separating and identifying mixtures that are (or can be) coloured. It has been largely replaced by "thin layer chromatography", but is still a powerful teaching tool. "Double-way paper chromatography", also called 'two-dimensional chromatography', uses two solvents and rotates the paper 90° in between. It is useful for separating complex mixtures of compounds having similar polarity, for example, amino acids. The compounds used initially ensures you to know whether the colour is pure, (one substance only) or mixtures (multiple substances.)

Thin layer chromatography (TLC) is a common laboratory technique similar to paper chromatography. Instead of a stationary phase of paper, it uses a thin layer of adsorbent like silica gel, alumina, or cellulose on a flat substrate. Compared to paper, it has the advantage of faster runs, better separations, and the choice between different adsorbents. For even better resolution and to allow for quantification, high-performance TLC can be used.

"Column chromatography" separates compounds using many chemical actions between the chemical being tested and the chromatography column (a rod with a blending of special chemicals). The column is run using either gravity or a pump.

The mixed substance to be tested is added in a small amount and is slowed by certain chemical or physical activity with the chemicals in the chromatography column. The amount of slowing depends on the type of chemicals in the substance being tested and the different phases. The time at which a certain chemical elutes (comes out of the end of the column) is called the "retention time" and there is thought to be only one for one chemical. 
The most common stationary phase for column chromatography is silica gel, followed by alumina. Cellulose powder has been used in the past. The mobile phase is either a pure solvent or a mixture of solvents. It is chosen to 
make the time and amount of solvent used as little as possible, while still clearly separating the chemicals being tested.

"High-performance liquid chromatography (HPLC)" is also sometimes referred to as high-pressure liquid chromatography. It is column chromatography run under pressure to raise the speed of the process. 

Common solvents used in HPLC are mixes of water or various organic liquids (the most common are methanol, ethanol or acetonitrile).

IPhone

The iPhone is a series of smartphones made by Apple Inc since 2007. It is a mobile phone, meaning that it makes calls and sends text messages without wires. There are many types of iPhones. The iPhone can access the Internet as well, either using a cellular network or over Wi-Fi. Like an iPod, it can play music and videos that have been downloaded from the Internet directly, or which have been put on it by connecting it to a personal computer.

The iPhone doesn't have as many buttons as other phones, such as those made by companies like Motorola and Nokia. Instead, it has a touch screen that covers much of the front of the phone. People control the phone by touching the screen. 

All iPhones run on a mobile operating system which Apple calls "iOS". A new version of iOS comes out every year, each having more features than the one before. Each new iPhone comes with the latest version of iOS, and older iPhones usually also get a software update to the latest version. 

The first iPhone, iPhone 2G was released on June 29, 2007. In the first month on sale it sold 2.315 million units. On July 11, 2008, the iPhone 3G was released which was upgraded with 3G wireless internet. On June 17, 2009, Apple released the iPhone 3GS which featured a compass and a 3.2-megapixel video camera. 

On June 24, 2010 the iPhone 4, was released. It has the forward camera included, which is placed on the screen and allows taking self-portraits. This camera is less advanced than the back camera, but can be used for video-telephone, where people talking can see each other on the screen. Additionally, it has an updated operating system that allows quicker navigation of all the features. It has more pixels (326 ppi; 960×640) on the screen than previous version of the iPhone.

A minor upgrade to the iPhone 4 was the iPhone 4S. It came on October 14, 2011, and had a new feature called Siri, which is a voice activation system. It is able to record videos in 1080p resolution.

The iPhone 5 was released on September 21, 2012. Two new iPhones called the 5C and 5S were released on September 20, 2013. The iPhone 5S has a new unlocking system called Touch ID which reads your fingerprint. The iPhone 5C is a cheaper model of the iPhone 5S which is also the first iPhone available in different colors that aren't black and white. 

The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus were released on September 19, 2014. They both have bigger screens than the iPhone 5, measuring at 4.7 inches and 5.5 inches, respectively. 

A new iPhone has come out each year since 2016.

Some people "jailbreak" their iPhones to allow them to do more things. Apple does not allow many of these changes. In hopes of discouraging this, Apple voids the warranty when an iPhone is "unlocked" or "jailbroken." In August 2011 jailbreaking was declared legal.

Apple made a Software Development Kit for the iPhone, which lets people make their own software for it. However, the software cannot be sold without Apple's permission. The software that is made is sold at the App Store. More than a million apps are available to buy.

Another feature that is being added to almost every iPhone in the world is an Emergency Alert notification system. For most countries, the standard Emergency warning signal will sound in an event of a worldwide disaster. It consists of of 853hz and 960hz sine waves which will signal in a pattern.

Concert hall

A concert hall is a place where concerts of classical music take place. “Concert hall” can either mean the actual room where the concerts takes place, or the whole building. The hall where the concerts are held may have a “stage” (where the performers are) and there will be an “auditorium” where the audience sits.

Some concert halls are purpose-built. That means they were built to be concert halls. Other concert halls may have been something else many years ago, e.g. a Corn Exchange (a place where farmers used to sell their corn) and the building has later been changed into a concert hall. Purpose-built concert halls started about the beginning of the 20th century. At that time scientists began to understand the importance of good acoustics (somewhere where the sound was good).

Concert halls that are purpose-built usually have fixed seating (seats that cannot be moved). Some halls may have seats that can be moved, either by stacking them in small piles, or tiered seating that can fold up. This allows the hall to be used for other things, e.g. dancing.
A concert hall is usually a big hall: big enough for an orchestra to be on the stage. A small concert hall, designed for just a few performers (as in chamber music) may be called a “recital hall”.

Some concert halls are especially famous. In London there is the Royal Festival Hall on the banks of the river Thames, the Barbican Centre in the City (near St Paul’s Cathedral) and the Royal Albert Hall in Kensington which is used for other events as well. There is also a famous recital hall called the Wigmore Hall. New York has the Carnegie Hall, Vienna has the Vienna Musikverein with a beautiful hall called the Golden Hall where the famous New Year’s Day concerts are given. In Germany there is the Berliner Philharmonie in Berlin and the Gewandhaus in Leipzig. In Amsterdam there is the Concertgebouw (which means: "concert hall").

Madrigal

A madrigal is a special kind of song for a small group of people to sing. Madrigals were popular in the 16th and 17th centuries. This was the end of the Renaissance music and beginning of the Baroque periods. They started in Italy and became very popular for a short time in England as well as in France. The words of madrigals are always about secular (non-religious) things, e.g. about love.

When Italian composers started writing madrigals the kinds of songs they knew were the frottola, the motet and the French chanson (song). The first madrigals were for 2 or 3 voices, but later many madrigals were written for 4 or 5 voices. These voices might be single voices (one person to each part) or several people. Sometimes the lines would also be played by an instrument, but the madrigal is usually sung unaccompanied.

The madrigal was the most important secular form of music of its time. In Italy it was very popular between about 1550 and 1630. In England the madrigal period was about 1588 to 1620. 

In 1533 a book called "Primo libro di Madrigali" (First Book of Madrigals) was collected and published by Philippe Verdelot in Venice. It made madrigals very popular. Jacob Arcadelt published several volumes of madrigals which were very important for their development. In 1588 in England Nicholas Yonge published a collected called "Musica Transalpina" (Music from over the Alps). These were Italian madrigals with translated texts. The madrigal suddenly became extremely popular in England and remained so until after 1620 when it gradually became less important.

People liked madrigals because they were fun. Whenever possible the composer made the music sound like the word being sung. A word like “smile” would have quick music, “sigh” would have a note followed by a short rest, as if the singer were sighing, “rise so high” would be sung to music which rose very high. This kind of thing was called “word-painting”. It can be found in religious music as well, but the way it was used in madrigals was new and exciting. Very often there would be a verse and a refrain which was often just sung to words such as “fa la la la la”. The songs were often about shepherds and shepherdesses falling in love.

The most important composers of madrigals in Italy were Giovanni da Palestrina, Luca Marenzio, Jacques Arcadelt, Adrian Willaert, Cipriano de Rore, Carlo Gesualdo, Giaches de Wert and Claudio Monteverdi. In England they were William Byrd, Thomas Morley, John Wilbye, Thomas Weelkes, John Dowland, Orlando Gibbons and Thomas Tomkins. About the franco-flemish , Orlando di Lasso, Josquin des Prez . About the spanish, Tomás Luis de Victoria, Mateo Flecha.

In the Renaissance, madrigals were performed either as entertainment at important feasts, or for relaxed enjoyment by groups of amateurs in their homes, as madrigals were a secular style of song.

Nowadays, madrigals are often sung by high school or college madrigal choirs often as an after-dinner entertainment. Sometimes the singers wear Renaissance costumes.

Saxe-Coburg-Saalfeld

The Duchy of Saxe-Coburg-Saalfeld was one of the "Ernestine duchies". Ernest, who became elector of Saxony in 1464, divided his territory between his sons, andover the years more and more small duchies existed.

Saxe-Coburg-Saalfeld was reformed on 29 July 1735, although Coburg and Saalfeld had had the same ruler since 1699. As only men could be the rulers of the duchies, Saxe-Coburg-Saalfeld ceased to exist in 1825, when the last male descendant of the dukes of Saxe-Gotha-Altenburg died. The various dukes reorganised their territories. Saalfeld went the dukes of Saxe-Meiningen, Altenburg went to the Duke of Saxe-Hildburgausen, who gave Hildburghausen to the Duke of Saxe-Meiningen. Gotha and Coburg were combined into the new duchy of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha.

Halo: Combat Evolved

Halo: Combat Evolved is a first-person shooter video game. It starts the game series called "Halo". It came out in 2001 for Xbox and was released on the personal computer later. It became very popular and has made a lot of money. Many people say it is the Xbox's "killer app", which means the best program for a system. Because it was liked by so many people, there have even been 6 books and a Graphic Novel written about it. Halo is rated M for mature.

The game setting is on or around a giant ring-shaped structure in space. The ring has plants and animals that live on it. It is very old and was made long ago by a civilization called the "Forerunners." In the game, the year is 2552. In the storyline, humans have created faster than light travel, and now live on many planets and moons in and out of the Solar System, both fictional and real. In the year 2525, humans living on a planet around another star met several alien species. They are grouped together and known as the "Covenant". The Covenant declared religious war on the humans.

The game starts with a ship, The Pillar of Autumn. It arrives at Halo, surrounded by many Covenant Ships.


Master Chief is the last super soldier who is able to fight on the Pillar of Autumn. The Pillar of Autumn jumped (teleported) from the planet Reach. Reach was being destroyed, so they escaped. The ship is piloted by Captain Keyes. The ship arrives in front of Halo. Halo is surrounded by many Covenant ships. The Covenant board the Pillar of Autumn to kill the humans. Keyes orders the Master Chief (who is sleeping while frozen) to be awakened. After putting Cortana (an Artificial Intelligence) in his head, the Master Chief escapes in a lifepod with other Marines. He did this on order by Captain Keyes, who knew they could not win. Captain Keyes decides to crash his ship onto Halo, before it is completely destroyed by the Covenant. The Master Chief rescues as many Marines as he can. Cortana discovers Captain Keyes is still alive. Master Chief goes to rescue him from a Covenant Ship. They escape with the Captain and more Marines. They find a map-room to find the control room for Halo. They want to stop the Covenant from using Halo, because it is a weapon. The Master Chief fights through many aliens to the Control Room. He puts Cortana into the data. She discovers something terrible and tells the Master Chief to find Captain Keyes. Captain Keyes went with several Marines to destroy a take or destroy a supply of Covenant Weapons. The Master Chief discovers the Captain was attacked by a different enemy. They are called the Flood. The Flood are a species of parasite, which can infect bodies and turn them into Combat Forms (which are fast zombies that can use weapons). He finds a flying machine that protects Halo. It is named 343 Guilty Spark. It explains that he should turn on Halo's weapons to destroy the Flood. The Flood want to escape Halo and infect other species. The Master Chief must get an Index to do activate Halo. The Master Chief gets the Index (which can activate Halo's weapons). 

They both go to the ring's control room to activate its weapons. Surprisingly, they find Cortana that tells to the Chief that the ring can not destroy the Flood. It destroys the food of the Flood. This means humans, Covenant and all other suitable living species. Following Cortana's suggestions, Master Chief goes to the Pillar of Autumn. As he destroys the core of the ship, he escapes. He uses a human spaceship to get into space while the explosion destroys Halo.

The main character in the game is Master Chief. It is the character the player controls in the game. Other main characters are Cortana and 343 Guilty Spark, the two machines. Apart from them, other human characters appear who fight in the side of the player against the aliens and the flood. The most notable are Sergeant Johnson and Captain Keyes.

In the first Halo game, there are no alien characters who play an important role in the game. However, in the next two halo games, "Halo 2" and "Halo 3", many important alien characters appear.


Sonora

Sonora is a Mexican state, in the northwestern Mexico region. Sonora borders the states of Chihuahua to the east, Sinaloa to the south, and Baja California to the northwest. To the north Sonora accounts for a long stretch of the U.S.-Mexico border adjacent to the U.S. states of Arizona and New Mexico; to the west it borders the Gulf of California (Sea of Cortez).

There are various explanations as to the origin of the word Sonora. Here, we will tell you some of the most widely accepted versions. One of these says that when the Spaniards arrived in the lands occupied by the Opata people, they built a chapel and painted an image of the Virgin on a buffalo skin. Over time, when the Opatas began to worship the Virgin, they used to call her Senora instead of the Spanish word Señora (Our Lady). Finally, it would seem that this word became Sonora as we know it today. 

Another version has it that Sonora is derived from the Opata word, sonotl which means corn leaf. A legend speaks of an indigenous group that lived near the village of Huépac, and who used corn leaves to cover the walls and roofs of their huts. Yet another version insists that the word comes from the name of a tribe that lived on the banks of the Sonora River; these people were known as the Sonora Indians. This river crosses a large part of the state. It is also useful to understand that, just as Mexico has its national emblems, so the state of Sonora has its own coat-of-arms. 

Monsoon

A monsoon is a seasonal wind which lasts for several months. The word was first used in English for the seasonal rains in the Indian subcontinent. These rains blow in from the Indian Ocean and Arabian Sea in the southwest bringing heavy rainfall to the area.

Monsoons also occur in other regions such as in North America, Sub-Saharan Africa, Brazil and East Asia.

Monsoons happen because of a simple fact: land heats up faster than water. The temperature difference between the land and sea can be as much as 20°C – land temperatures in India can be hotter than 45°C, while the surrounding water in the Bay of Bengal and the Arabian Sea remains in the low 20s. The heat absorbed by the land warms the air above it. The hot air rises, and cooler ocean air rushes inland to replace it. As it moves, it carries moisture with it, releasing it over land as the summer monsoon (also known as southwest monsoon). 

The hot air over the land tends to rise, creating an area of low pressure. This creates a steady wind blowing toward the land, bringing the moist near-surface air over the oceans with it. Rainfall is increased by the moist ocean air being lifted upwards by mountains, as with the Tibetan Plateau, and by surface heating.

Baja California (state)

Baja California is a Mexican state in the northern section of the Baja California Peninsula. It borders the state Baja California Sur to the south, and Sonora to the east. It also borders the U.S. state of California to the north. It means "Lower California".

Baja California is both the furthest north and furthest west state in Mexico.

Verizon Ladies First Tour

Verizon Ladies First Tour is a 2004 joint concert tour by American R&B/soul singers Beyoncé and Alicia Keys and American rapper Missy Elliott.

Dangerously in Love World Tour

The Dangerously In Love World Tour was singer Beyoncé's first solo concert tour, intended to showcase songs from her debut solo album, "Dangerously in Love".

The stage was simple and featured a large LED screen in the back that moved up and down throughout the entire show and displayed video images of Beyoncé and her dancers, as well as some images from her music videos and some prerecorded images with special effects. 

The set list included not only "Dangerously in Love" material, but also contained a special segment of her show dedicated to her erstwhile group Destiny's Child. This concert also featured songs from Beyoncé's 2003 film "The Fighting Temptations" ("Fever" and "Summertime"). A highlight for many fans was her performance of "Dangerously in Love 2".


Déjà Vu (song)

Déjà Vu is a funk song written by Beyoncé, Rodney Jerkins, Delisha Thomas, Makeba, Keli Nicole Price, and Shawn "Jay-Z" Carter for Knowles' second solo album, "B'Day" (2006). It features rapper Jay-Z and production by Rodney "Darkchild" Jerkins, utilizing the bass, hi-hat, and the 808 instruments and sound system, reminiscent of many popular Rich Harrison productions. Released as the album's lead single in the third quarter of 2006, "Déjà Vu" reached number one in Brazil, China, Poland, and the United Kingdom. While the song failed to match the success of 2003's "Crazy in Love", it entered the top ten on the majority of the charts it appeared on. It also was nominated for Best Rap/Sung Collaboration and Best R&B Song at the 2007 Grammy Awards.

If (Beyoncé song)

If is an R&B ballad by Beyoncé Knowles. The song is her final single from her second album "B'Day: Deluxe Edition". The song was most likely chosen due to the fact that originally it was not available in the U.S. as it was an international track, but due to the Des'ree law suit, the U.S. version of the album with the track "Still In Love (Kissing You)" was replaced by a version with "If". A CD single of the song was created for her official fan club and is available for purchase from their online store.

Ciara

Ciara Princess Harris (born October 25, 1985) professionally known as Ciara, is an American singer, songwriter, record producer, dancer, and actress.

In 2004, Ciara released her debut studio album "Goodies", which produced three hit singles: "Goodies," "1, 2 Step," and "Oh." The album was certified triple platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA), and earned her four nominations at the 48th Grammy Awards. She released her second studio album, "Ciara: The Evolution", in 2006 which spawned the hit singles "Get Up," "Promise," and "Like a Boy." The album reached number one in the US and was certified platinum. Her third studio album "Fantasy Ride", released in 2009, was considerably less successful than Ciara's first two albums. However, it produced the worldwide top-ten hit "Love Sex Magic" featuring Justin Timberlake, which earned her a Grammy Award nomination for Best Pop Collaboration with Vocals. The following year, Ciara released her fourth studio album "Basic Instinct," which was met with low sales and continued a downward trend in her commercial success. In 2011, she signed a new record deal with Epic Records, and she released her fifth studio album, "Jackie", which is preceded by the lead single, "Sorry” in 2015. In 2019, she released her sixth studio album, "Beauty Marks", which is preceded by the hit lead singles, "Level Up", “Thinkin Bout You” and the album titled song “Beauty Marks “.

On Ciara's 28th birthday, Future asked her if she would marry him. They became engaged but was the engagement was called off later that year. January 14, 2014 Ciara said on "The View" that she was pregnant with Future's child. In June 2016, she married Seattle Seahawks NFL star quarterback Russell Wilson. They had their first child, Sienna Princess Wilson, on April 29, 2017.




Mykolaiv

Mykolaiv (, also referred to as or Mykolayiv, Nikolaev, or Nikolayev; ) is a major city in southern Ukraine. 

The city is located 65 kilometers from the Black Sea along the estuary of the Southern Buh river (where it meets the Inhul River) at around . Population 514,000 (as of 2001 Ukrainian Census).

It is the administrative center of the Mykolaiv Oblast (province), as well as of both the Mykolaivsky and Zhovtnevy raions (districts) within the oblast. However, Mykolaiv is a city of oblast subordinance, thus being subject directly to the oblast authorities rather to the raion administration housed in the city itself.

The town was founded in 1789 by the Russian Governor General of Novorossiya Knyaz Potemkin initially as a shipyard called simply a "New Shipyard on the Ingul river". Knyaz Potemkin signed an order to construct a shipyard on August 27, 1789, which is considered to be a city birth date. The shipyard was to serve for the repair of the Russian Navy ships in the Russo-Turkish war. Later Potemkin ordered the shipyard to be named "Nikolaev" to commemorate the date of fall of Ochakov to the Russian troops under his command on December 6, 1788, close to the day of Saint Nicholas "(Nikolay)" December 19, in the Russian Orthodox Church. 

The history of the city has always been closely connected to the ship building.

The only Russian Navy aircraft carrier currently in commission, "Admiral Flota Sovetskogo Soyuza Kuznetsov", was built in Mykolaiv.

Today Mykolaiv is a major ship building center of Ukraine (as, earlier, of the whole Soviet Union) and an important riverport. The city has 3 major shipyards some of which are capable of building large navy ships. Other important industries are mechanical engineering, power engineering, metallurgy and cosmetics.

Unlike the city, in the region one of the leading areas is agricultural production. This industry ranks first in the structure of production of the region in terms of employment of labor resources. One of the leading centers of the State Institution "Mykolayiv State Agricultural Research Station " of the Institute of Agrarian Farming of the National Academy of Agrarian Sciences of Ukraine" founded in 1956 


Akkad

Akkad or the Akkadian Empire (Sumerian: "Agade", Bible: "Accad") was the oldest empire in history. It was located in Mesopotamia. The Akkadian empire reached its peak during the rule of Sargon of Akkad in the 24th and 22nd centuries BCE, and it eventually collapsed in 2154 BCE. The ruins have not been found, but it is believed to be on the River Euphrates. The empire comes after a long relationship with Sumer, and before the ethnic Akkadian empires of Babylonia and Assyria. 

According to the Sumerian king list, Akkad (Agade) was built by Sargon of Akkad, 23th century BC, and is often called the first empire in history. Even so, it is known from older cuneiform writings that the city was already there before Sargon, in the time of the kings of Uruk. According to the Bible (Genesis 10:10), it was one of the cities started by Nimrod. Also, in the earliest records, when Mesopotamian kings started calling themselves "lord of the four quarters" around Sumer, these were listed as: Martu, Shubar, Elam, and Uri-ki. 

As the capital city of the Akkadian Empire beginning with Sargon, the city ruled from around 2300 to 2215 BC, when it was destroyed by the Gutians who invaded from the mountains. 

Sargon conquered many of the surrounding regions. He created an empire which reached as far as the Mediterranean Sea and Anatolia, and extended his rule to Elam, and as far south as Oman. He ruled over this area for 56 years. Trade extended from the silver mines of Anatolia to the lapis lazuli mines in Afghanistan, the cedars of Lebanon and the copper of Oman. This consolidation of the city-states of Sumer and Akkad reflected the growing economic and political power of Mesopotamia. The empire's breadbasket was the rain-fed agricultural system of northern Mesopotamia and a chain of fortresses was built to control the imperial wheat production.

Images of Sargon were erected on the shores of the Mediterranean, in token of his victories, and cities and palaces were built at home with the spoils of the conquered lands. Elam and the northern part of Mesopotamia (Subartu) were also subjugated and rebellions in Sumer were put down. Contract tablets have been found dated in the years of the campaigns against Canaan and against Sarlak, king of Gutium.

The Akkadian language was one of the Semitic languages, and at the time of the Akkadian Empire it was made official in both Mesopotamia and Elam. Akkadian remained the main diplomatic language of Mesopotamia for centuries.

During the 3rd millennium BC, an intimate cultural symbiosis developed between the Sumerians and the Akkadians, which included widespread bilingualism. Akkadian gradually replaced Sumerian as the spoken language of Mesopotamia somewhere around the turn of the 3rd and the 2nd millennium BC (the exact dating being a matter of debate), but Sumerian continued to be used as a sacred, ceremonial, literary and scientific language in Mesopotamia until the 1st century AD.

The fall of the empire established by Sargon seems to have been as sudden as its rise, and little is known about the Gutian period. From the fall of Akkad ca. 2083 BC until the Sumerian renaissance ca. 2050 BC, there is much that is still dark. It has recently been suggested that the regional decline at the end of the Akkadian period (and also in the Ancient Egyptian Old Kingdom) was associated with rapidly increasing aridity, and failing rainfall in the region of the Ancient Near East.

Faisal Mosque

The Faisal Mosque is a mosque in Islamabad, the capital of Pakistan. It is the National mosque of Pakistan, and one of the largest mosques in the Islamic world. It is named after King Faisal of Saudi Arabia. It was the biggest mosque for over six years between 1986 and 1993).


Song cycle

A song cycle in classical music is a group of songs that belong together. Although each song may be sung separately, the composer really imagined that they would be performed together as one work. Sometimes they tell a story, but sometimes they just belong together because they are about the same idea (e.g. the sadness that can be caused by love). They are often for solo voice and piano accompaniment, but they can also be without accompaniment, or with several instruments or even a whole orchestra. The words of a cycle are often by the same poet, but this is not always the case.

Song cycles started to become popular with composers in the Romantic period. Although there were examples of song cycles written before that, it was the German composers of the 19th century who are most often thought of as writers of song cycles. Their songs are called "Lieder".
The great composer Franz Schubert wrote about 600 songs. These include two long song cycles: "Winterreise" ("Winter’s Journey") and "Die schöne Müllerin" ("The beautiful miller’s daughter"). Each of these song cycles is long enough for a whole concert. Robert Schumann wrote song cycles including two which he simply called "Liederkreise" ("Song Cycles"), and his well-known "Dichterliebe" ("Poet’s Love") and "Frauenliebe und -Leben" ("Women’s Love and Life"). Brahms wrote "Vier ernste Gesänge" ("Four Serious Songs"), and Gustav Mahler, who became very interested in folk song, wrote several song cycles with orchestra accompaniment, including "Das Lied von der Erde" ("The Song of the Earth").

French composers who wrote song cycles include Jules Massenet, Gabriel Fauré and Claude Debussy. Russian composers include Modest Mussorgsky and Dmitri Shostakovich, and English and American composers in the 20th century include Michael Tippett, Benjamin Britten and Aaron Copland as well as the South American Alberto Ginastera, Juan María Solare and Heitor Villa-Lobos.


Quetta

Quetta () is the capital and largest city of Balochistan province in Pakistan. It is famous for its climate and buildings. It is to the north of Balochistan, 133 kilometers away from Spin Buldak, Afghanistan.

In 1935, a powerful earthquake hit Quetta. The earthquake was felt between 2:30 am to 3:40 am. It resulted in the collapse of buildings, that is why there is no historical building in Quetta.

Quetta is also spelled Kuwatah which is a variation of Kot, a Pashto word meaning "fortress".

Quetta was captured by Mehmood Ghaznavi in the 11th century. The Khans of Kalat ruled Quetta until 1556 when the Persians conquered the city, only to have it retaken by Mughal Emperor Akbar in 1595. Despite all this, the Khans of Kalat were successful in restoring their rule in the region by the 18th century.

The predominantly Muslim population supported the Muslim League and the Pakistan Movement. On joining Pakistan, Quetta was made the capital city of the newly created province of Balochistan.

Quetta lies close to the borders of Afghanistan. Traders and invaders have passed through Quetta since pre-historic times. Quetta is 1,645 meters above the sea level. It is near the Hazarganji-Chitan National Park.

It has a cold and windy in winter moderate summers.


Gilgit

Gilgit () is the capital and largest city of Gilgit Baltistan, Pakistan. About 216.000 people live there.

Frottola

The frottola (plural: frottole) was the most popular kind of secular (non-religious) song in Italy during the late 15th and early 16th centuries.

Frottole were quite simple and fun. They were often sung by small groups of singers. They were not contrapuntal, but they had a tune in the top part while the other singers sang chords to accompany the tune. Sometimes they might have been sung by a solo voice with a lute accompaniment.

The most famous composer of frottole was Bartolomeo Tromboncino. The great composer Josquin also composed frottole, although that is not what he called them. For example, there is a well-known one called "El Grillo" ( The Cricket) in which the singers try to sound like the chirping of a cricket in the grass.

About the year 1530 the frottola developed into the madrigal.

Bartolomeo Tromboncino

Bartolomeo Tromboncino (born Verona around 1470; died in or near Venice in 1535 or later) was an Italian composer. He lived in the Renaissance period. He is famous as a composer of songs called "frottole". He is also remembered because he murdered his wife.

We know very little about his life. He probably grew up in Mantua. In a letter he says that he came from Verona. Until around 1500 he lived and worked in Mantua, but sometimes he went to other towns when he was in trouble. In 1499 he found his wife with another man, so he murdered her. He may also have murdered the other man. We cannot be sure about this.
He does not seem to have been punished. This may be because a rich lady called Isabella d'Este liked him.

From 1502 Tromboncino was employed by a rich lady called Lucrezia Borgia. She is remembered today because she was a very bad woman. He wrote music for the court and for her wedding to Alfonso d'Este. Sometime before 1521 he moved to Venice, where he probably spent the rest of his life.

His frottole are very lively and full of fun. He played the trombone. This is how he got his name. He also wrote some serious sacred music.

De jure

De jure is an expression from the Latin words meaning "in law".

It is often used in contrast to "de facto" (which means "in fact", or "in practice") when talking about law, governance, or technique. When talking about law, ""de jure"" is used to describe what the law says, and ""de facto"" is used to describe what actually happens. 

 This means that legally the territory of Abkhazia is a part of the country of Georgia, but that it is in effect independent.

The "de jure" name of Bill Clinton is William Jefferson Clinton. This is his name according to official records. His "de facto" name is Bill Clinton because this is what he is usually called.

Boy George

George Alan O'Dowd, better known as Boy George (born 14 June 1961 in Bexley, Kent) is a rock singer-songwriter and Club DJ. He grew up in a large, working-class Irish family. The family originally came form Thurles, in Co. Tipperary, Ireland.

O'Dowd was a part of the British new romantic movement which emerged in the late 1970s and was popularised in the early 1980s. He and Marilyn (born Peter Robinson) were regulars at 'The Blitz' a very popular nightclub in London. It was run by Steve Strange of the musical group Visage. The Blitz was a starting place for many early 1980s pop stars such as Spandau Ballet. The new romantics based their image on the coolness of David Bowie and high fashion. They liked the music of Bowie, Kraftwerk, Marc Bolan and post punk New Wave.

O'Dowd gained fame with his group Culture Club during the 1980s. His music is often called blue-eyed soul. He was heavily influenced by Rhythm and Blues and reggae. Early recordings with Culture Club showed that his vocals had an emotional quality which was like American soul music of the 1960s and 1970s. His later solo work has glam rock influences and was particularly influenced by David Bowie and Iggy Pop.

O'Dowd is also known for his flamboyant and androgynous appearance during the 1980s and early 1990s.

On 11 May 2009, Boy George was released from prison at HMP Edmunds Hill in Newmarket, Suffolk. He was four months into a fifteen-month sentence for the assault and false imprisonment of a male escort, in his East London flat. He was tagged and placed on a curfew for the rest of the sentence.

Boy George told the BBC on 27 January 2011 that there would be a 30th anniversary Culture Club reunion tour sometime later in the year. He also said they would be releasing a new album in 2012. Culture Club did play two live concerts, in Dubai and Sydney, but did not have a tour.

In 2018, George, along with Culture Club, released an album called Life. They did an accompanying tour, called the Life Tour. ￼

Harper Collins published his first autobiography, "Take It Like a Man", in 1995, written with Spencer Bright. It was a bestseller in the UK. In 2005, Century published "Straight", his second autobiographical book. This one was written with author Paul Gorman.

Bon Jovi

Bon Jovi is an American hard rock band that formed in Sayreville, New Jersey in 1983. They are one of the world's best-selling bands of all time, having sold over 130 million records worldwide.

The song "Runaway" which was written by Jon Bon Jovi and George Karak reached the first place in a radio talent contest in 1983. So Jon became the possibility to sign a recording contract. Coincidentally he founded Bon Jovi in 1983 with Richie Sambora, Alec John Such, Tico Torres, and David Bryan. The self-titled debut album "Bon Jovi" was released in 1984. The single "Runaway" was the band's first hit and reached #39 on the Billboard Hot 100 in 1984.

Bon Jovi's second album "7800° Fahrenheit" (1985) had also only moderate success. In fact, every member of the band had lost their girlfriend at the time, they were all heartbroken; those feelings were showing in the songs. Some members, especially Richie, were afraid because they had not put out a hit song since "Runaway". The band then went to Vancouver to record another album. They lived together while they were recording.

In 1986, Bon Jovi's third album "Slippery When Wet" was released. It brought them some of the band's most successful songs, including "You Give Love a Bad Name", "Livin' On A Prayer", and "Wanted Dead or Alive". Also involved was Desmond Child, Bruce Fairbairn, and Bob Rock, and Desmond co-wrote some of the songs on the album. "Slippery When Wet" has sold over 28 million copies worldwide. The "Slippery When Wet" Tour let the band become even more famous in Europe and North America.

The song "Livin' on a Prayer" is the one that had the most success. In the beginning, Jon Bon Jovi did not like the original song. Richie Sambora, however, convinced him that the song was good. They rewrote the entire musical piece together, added a guitar solo, different drum fills and a talk box to make it a hit song.

Jon gave everything he had to sing "Livin' on a Prayer" during the first part of the "Slippery When Wet" tour, and it was seriously damaging his voice. He was barely able to sing at the end of the tour and he had to use a lot of backing tracks to fill out the parts that he could not sing. He also used the services of a vocal coach and some steroids to help him finish the tour without losing his voice completely. At the end of the tour, they had played 206 shows all around the world. The band members took a break before going back into the studio to make another album.

After the enormous success with "Slippery When Wet" and the following tour, Bon Jovi released their fourth album 1988's "New Jersey". It was also successful and contained the hit "Bad Medicine" and the ballad "I'll Be There for You". Between 1990 and 1992, the band members went their separate ways for a while. Jon Bon Jovi released his first solo album "Blaze of Glory", that served as the soundtrack for the movie "Young Guns II". In 1992, "Keep the Faith" was released. The album signified a music genre change. Bon Jovi turned away from heavy drums and wild guitar solos, and their new sound was lighter and calmer than in the eighties. The piano had a bigger influence now and the lyrics had a different meaning. The song "Keep the Faith" is about social and religious problems. The singles "Bed of Roses", "Keep the Faith" and "In These Arms" reached the Top 40 in the United States. In 1994, Bon Jovi's first greatest hits album was released: "The Best of Bon Jovi, Cross Road". It includes the hits from 1983 to 1992 and two new songs. One of them, "Always", became one of the most successful songs of Bon Jovi. "Always" is a love song and a power ballad written by Jon Bon Jovi alone. The 1995 album "These Days" was the band's sixth studio album. "This Ain't a Love Song" was the lead single of "These Days" who sold over 11 million copies all around the world.

From 1995, till, 2000, Bon Jovi had a longer break. The band members focused on solo projects and family. In 2000 the first album after 5 years was released: "Crush". The album itself was not as prosperous as "Slippery When Wet" and "Keep The Faith". But the hit-single "It's my Life" became the most successful song of Bon Jovi. It reached the first place in the charts of many countries. The next album was "Bounce" in 2002. It's was influenced by the September 11 attacks.

"The Circle" was released in 2009. They were on tour in 2010 in places like New Jersey. It consists of songs like "We Weren't Born To Follow", "Thorn In My Side", and "Bullet".

What About Now was released in 2013.






Anastasia (1956 movie)

Anastasia is a movie made in 1956 by 20th Century Fox.
The movie was directed by Anatole Litvak. The movie stars Ingrid Bergman, Yul Brynner, and Helen Hayes. Other players include Akim Tamiroff (who earlier worked with Ingrid Bergman in the movie "For Whom the Bell Tolls"), Martita Hunt (who has a comic part as a fussy lady-in-waiting), and, in a small role, Natalie Schafer (familiar to television audiences from her later role on "Gilligan's Island"). This movie was one of many European movies directed by Litvak into the 1950s and 1960s. It earned an Academy Award for Bergman, who did more movies after this movie. It was nominated for a BAFTA Award for Best British Screenplay.

The movie is based upon the story of Grand Duchess Anastasia Nikolaevna of Russia. The youngest daughter of Tsar Nicholas II, Anastasia was brutally murdered along with her parents and siblings by the Bolsheviks, in an attempt to prevent them from reclaiming power, should they ever escape from captivity. Despite the testimony of Yakov Yurovsky and others present at the shooting, many failed to believe that every member of the family had been killed. This rumor was made worse by stories of one or more of them escaping, thanks to sympathetic guards at the Ipatiev House, where they were being held. Also complicating the truth was the fact the location of the bodies remained a mystery, as they had been burned and buried in a remote forest.

With rumors swirling that one or more of the Romanovs might have escaped, numerous individuals came forward claiming to be one of the Grand Duchesses or Tsarevich Alexei Nikolaevich. The most notable of these was Anna Anderson, who rose to fame in the 1920s with her outlandish claims that she was Anastasia. The movie was most certainly based on Anderson's story, as the opening shots show a woman about to commit suicide from a bridge, as Anna Anderson did. While Anderson vehemently stated she was the heir to the Romanov family, many around her had doubts. Nevertheless, her story was immensely popular with the public.

While the movie hints that Anna was in fact Anastasia, it is now proved beyond a doubt that Anderson was an impostor. With the final resting places of the Romanovs were discovered in 1991 and 2008, all of their bodies have been accounted for. Additionally, DNA tests conducted on the bodies prove that all were members of the Romanov family. Further, DNA testing on a piece of Anderson's intestine that had been saved during an operation she had during the early 1980s proved that she was not a Romanov, but most likely Franziska Schanzkowska, a Polish factory worker with a history of mental illness. Nevertheless, doubt still persisted. Several strands of her hair were discovered in a book, which was also tested. This too proved she was not a member of the royal family and also increased the likelihood that she was Schanzkowska.

The movie tells the story of a young, confused woman in 1920s France, played by Ingrid Bergman. She is found by a group of Russian people who have left their country. They want her to pretend to the world that she is Anastasia, in order to retrieve her inheritance. The real Anastasia, if she were alive, would inherit millions of pounds which had been left in an English bank by the Tsar.

The Russians, led by General Bounine (played by Yul Brynner), teach her how to behave as the Grand Duchess Anastasia would. They teach her everything she ought to know about her childhood. They teach her to walk like a Duchess, practicing with a book on her head. When they think she is ready, she is introduced to several people who knew Anastasia. None of them believe she really is Anastasia. The real test comes when she is taken by General Bounine (Brynner) to Denmark to meet the Dowager Empress, Maria Feodorovna, mother of the Tsar, played by Helen Hayes. At first the old Empress does not believe the young woman is her granddaughter, but when Anastasia coughs because she is nervous, the Empress remembers that Anastasia used to do this as a child. She now believes she is her granddaughter. Meanwhile, Prince Paul wants to marry Anastasia. He's obviously after the money he thinks she will inherit. In the final scene, there is a party. The Dowager Empress is going to announce the engagement between Paul and Anastasia, but Anastasia and General Bounine have suddenly disappeared. The Dowager realizes that Anastasia does not desire fame, but simply love, with the man of her choosing. She says very bravely that she will go in to where all the guests are waiting and tell them that the party is over and that they should go home.


Valdivia

Valdivia is a city, commune and municipality in southern Chile. Valdivia is the capital of "Los Ríos Region" (Spanish for "Region of the Rivers"), one of Chile's 16 regions. Valdivia is most known for being the city most affected by the Great Chilean Earthquake.

Sir Seewoosagur Ramgoolam International Airport

The Sir Seewoosagur Ramgoolam International Airport (short name: SSR Airport) is the biggest airport in Mauritius.
Before, it was known as Plaisance Airport.

The SSR Airport is near the city Mahebourg in Mauritius. It is also the only big airport in this country. 

Pervez Musharraf

Syed Pervez Musharraf () (11 August 1943 – 5 February 2023) was a Pakistani politician and Four-star general of the Pakistan Army. He was a military dictator and the tenth President of Pakistan from 20 June 2001 to 18 August 2008, when he resigned to avoid impeachment. Previously, he was Chief Executive of Pakistan as well as former Chief of Army Staff of the Pakistan Army. He took over power in Pakistan in 1999, by removing the elected government of Nawaz Sharif. 

He has charged with multiple murders in April 2013 and was given bail in October 2013. Then he was arrested again. In 2019, Musharraf was sentenced to death "in absentia" over his treason charges.

Syed Pervez Musharraf was born on 11 August 1943 in Delhi, British India (present-day India) during the British Raj. Musharraf was raised in Karachi and Istanbul. He studied mathematics at Forman Christian College in Lahore and was also educated at the Royal College of Defence Studies in the United Kingdom. Musharraf entered the Pakistan Military Academy in 1961. He was Commissioned to the Pakistan Army in 1964. He played an active role in the Afghan Civil War. Musharraf saw action during the Indo-Pakistani War of 1965 as a second Lieutenant. By the 1980s, he was commanding an artillery brigade. In the 1990s, Musharraf was promoted to major general and assigned an infantry division. He later commanded the Special Services Group. Soon after, he served as Deputy military secretary and Director General of Military Operations.

Musharraf rose to national prominence when he was promoted to a Four-star general by Prime minister Nawaz Sharif in 1998. This made Musharraf the head of the armed forces. He led the Kargil infiltration that almost brought India and Pakistan to a full-fledged war in 1999.

On 5 February 2023, Musharraf died due to amyloidosis. He was 79. He had been hospitalised a year prior due to the disease. His body is set to be returned to Pakistan from Dubai on 6 February.

Bas-relief

Bas-relief is a type of relief (sculpture) that has less depth to the faces and figures than they actually have, when measured proportionately (to scale). This technique keeps the natural shapes of the figures and allows the work to be seen from many angles without twisting the figures themselves. 

There is a continuation of the bas-relief technique into the next category, altorilievo, or high relief. High relief makes deeper images than bas-relief. Instead of shallow backgrounds that are a few inches (cm) deep at most, they can be up to several feet (a few meters) deep in altorilievo. 

Some of the best examples of bas-relief are the Assyrian Lion Hunt Reliefs, which are housed at the British Museum. The attention to detail and appearance of the lions moving make them stand out, especially for the time period they were made in.

These images are made to be seen in 3D with the use of colored glasses and might not appear correctly without them.


Dogfights

Dogfights is a TV show on The History Channel. It uses computer animation to show dogfights from wars and talks with the pilots.

Dogfight

A dogfight is a close air fight between fighter planes. It often involves turning, climbing, and swirling.

Dogfights started during World War I when the fighter planes did not have many weapons.

The first aerial dogfight occurred during the Battle of Cer (15–24 August 1914), when Serbian aviator Miodrag Tomić encountered an Austro-Hungarian plane while performing a reconnaissance mission over Austro-Hungarian positions. The Austro-Hungarian pilot initially waved, and Tomić waved back. The Austro-Hungarian pilot then fired at Tomić with his revolver.  Tomić produced a pistol of his own and fired back. Tomić managed to escape, and within several weeks, all Serbian and Austro-Hungarian planes were fitted with machine-guns.

Modern weapons such as homing missiles did not exist in that time, and planes could only fight each other with machine guns. Since the machine guns were only useful at close range, the planes had to fly very close together to have combat. Pilots had to fly with many maneuvers to try to not be shot, and be able to shoot the enemy planes. This new type of flying was named dogfighting. Fighter planes made just for this type of flying were sometimes called dogfighters. During World War II many had autocannons firing small, explosive artillery shells. They kept farther apart so they would not be destroyed quickly.

In modern air combat, there are many long range weapons that can be used before dogfighting. Homing missiles can be fired much further away from the target than machine guns, and will automatically try to follow the target. These types of weapons make dogfighting less common, but modern planes still have Gatling guns, which are more advanced kinds of machine guns. This is because dogfighting still happens sometimes.

M1911 pistol

The M1911 is a .45 ACP caliber pistol originally made by Colt, and is now the most copied pistol design in the world. It was designed in the early 1900s by John Browning and was used in battle by many soldiers in World War I, World War II, The Korean War, and in the Vietnam War. It is semi-automatic and can fire a bullet each time the trigger is pulled. Military versions of the gun can hold seven or eight rounds inside its magazine and one more in the chamber. M1911 style guns are still made today and are for sale.

It was the most used pistol in the United States Military from 1911-1985, when it was replaced by the 9mm caliber Beretta M9, a military version of the Beretta 92. The M1911 was replaced because military leaders liked that the Beretta pistol could hold more bullets. Another reason was because other NATO countries pressured the US to follow a rule that all NATO weapons must use the same ammunition. Even after the Beretta M9 officially replaced the M1911, many US soldiers still use the M1911 in combat. The M1911 is a common pistol design for police and special forces because it is reliable in function, easy to modify by a gunsmith, and effective. 

The "1911" in the name is because the pistol was adopted by the United States Army in the year 1911. M1911A1 pistols have an 'A1' added because they were changed from the original design in the 1920s in military service. The pistol was made first by Colt Manufacturing but was produced by many other companies during World War II. Because the M1911 is so popular, several gun companies make their own version of this gun which are still sold today.


Artaxiad dynasty of Iberia

The Artaxiads (Georgian: არტაშესიანი, Artašesiani), a branch of the dynasty of Armenia that ruled Iberia (ancient Georgia) from c. 90 BC to 30 AD. Little is known about the early years of the Iberian Artaxiad rule. They seem to have been under the influence of their Armenian cousins to whom Iberia had gotten a significant portion of its territory. In 65 BC, their kingdom was attacked by Rome and the dynasty was forced to sign a peace treaty.

Stocking

A stocking is a piece of women's clothing, worn like socks. They are made of stretchy materials. They are often worn instead of tights or socks.

Stockings that are similar to woman's stockings are also made as parts of sport uniforms.

Robe

A robe is a type of clothing. It is loose-fitting and sometimes ties in the front.

There are different types of robes. These include the following:


Geri Halliwell

Geraldine Estelle "Geri" Halliwell (born 6 August 1972) is an English pop music singer. She is a former member of pop group the Spice Girls. She made $30 million during her last two years in the group.

She left the Spice Girls in May 1998 and continued singing as a solo artist. In 2007, she reunited with the Spice Girls to do a world tour.

Nude photos of Halliwell were in a number of magazines in 1992 and 1995 including "Playboy" and "Penthouse". 

In 2012, Halliwell was a guest judge at "The X Factor" auditions in Liverpool. On 26 June she reunited with Spice Girls to promote the brand new musical "Viva Forever" based on their songs and career. 12 August 2012, she performed with the girls from the group in the closing ceremony of the Olympic Games in London.

Halliwell's father was half-Swedish, half-English; her mother is Spanish. On 14 May 2006, Halliwell gave birth to her daughter, Bluebell Madonna Halliwell. Sacha Gervasi is said to be the child's father, but this has not been said by Halliwell. Victoria Beckham and Emma Bunton are Bluebell's godmothers. There are rumors that Halliwell is dating Russell Brand. but in May 2015 she married racing driver Christian Horner.




The Crucible

The Crucible is a 1950s play about the Salem Witch Trials by Arthur Miller. 

Miller wrote this play during the time of McCarthyism in America. Many people were afraid that communism would stop the American way of life. Some people falsely accused their enemies and even their friends of being communists during this time. Miller writes about the ideas of fear and false accusation which affected him during this time.

A "crucible" is a severe test or trial, which is exactly what happens in the play. Miller intended "The Crucible" as an allegory to McCarthyism. The events that took place during the time the play was written were very similar to the Salem witch hunts. This is why Miller named the book "The Crucible" after the Salem Witch Trials.

Many of the characters in the Crucible are based on real people who were at the Salem Witch trials. Some are also based on people in the 1950s Red Scare, such as Joseph McCarthy and Julius Rosenberg

In the beginning of the story, Reverend Parris is looking at his daughter, Betty, while weeping and praying. She is asleep on her bed and cannot wake up. They know that she is not dead, but she does not move or speak. She just lies there. Parris heard that Betty and other girls were dancing in the woods. (This was a very bad thing at the time because that implied they knew the devil.)

Reverend Parris's slave, Tituba, is from Barbados. Abigail says that she put a spell on Betty so she would not wake up. Parris is angry with Tituba. He makes her say that she was a witch, and the devil made her curse Betty. Suddenly, Abigail and Betty both say that they were with the devil too, so they would get out of trouble. They say that other people like Goody Osborne and Goody Good are witches too. 

John Proctor's relationship with his wife is quite tense because he cheated on her with Abigail. They try to pretend that nothing is wrong but end up having a tense argument about it. While they are arguing, Mary Warren comes in. Proctor is angry with her for leaving the house when he demanded that she did not. She is arrogant and says she is an official of the court and that her services are needed. Mary informs John and Elizabeth that many more than 39 people will be executed instead of the 19 they heard about. She also claims that she saved Elizabeth's life because Elizabeth was "somewhat mentioned" in court. After Mary goes to bed, Cheever comes to arrest Elizabeth. John does not take it well and rips the arrest warrant. After an emotional exchange, Elizabeth is taken and she gives Mary brief directions for the next day. 

In court, John tries to help his wife by accusing the "witches" in court with Mary's deposition. He tells the court how well he knows these people and that they cannot be witches. He confesses that he slept with Abigail and that she wishes to see Elizabeth dead. Abigail is angered and threatens the judge. He tries to get Mary to tell the truth and she initially does, but then reforms to Abigail's act again after being accused of working with the devil. Mary then calls John a witch and says that he has dealings with the devil. This is a problem because John is very respected in the town, so the judges ask him to admit that he works with the devil. He will be able to live if he lies. 

In the end, he signs a letter of confession stating that he works with the devil. Then he destroys the letter instead of lying. He wants to live so he could look after his family, but chose to keep his respect and honor instead. He is tried and the court kills him by hanging. However, the court allows Elizabeth to live because she is pregnant. Abigail runs away to Boston with Mercy Lewis, after stealing her uncle's money because she thinks that people know she told lies.

Rush Limbaugh

Rush Hudson Limbaugh III (, ; January 12, 1951 – February 17, 2021) was an American conservative radio talk show host and writer. He was the host of "The Rush Limbaugh show" where callers could call in and express their opinions. 

Leftist critic Media Matters said some of his views were sexist. The 2015 documentary "The Brainwashing Of My Dad" discusses how his program could radicalize people into sharing such views.

In the 1990s, Limbaugh's books "The Way Things Ought to Be" (1992) and "See, I Told You So" (1993) made "The New York Times" Best Seller list. 

He was one of the most highly paid people in the US media.

President Donald Trump awarded him the Presidential Medal of Freedom in February 2020 during the State of the Union Address.

He went deaf and received a cochlear implant in 2001.

Limbaugh was diagnosed with advanced lung cancer in January 2020. Nine months later in October, he said that his cancer was terminal. Limbaugh died from problems caused by the disease in Palm Beach, Florida on February 17, 2021, a month after his 70th birthday.


Second Life

Second Life is the biggest online virtual world. It was launched in 2003 by Linden Lab, a Californian software company founded by Philip Rosedale. It is made up of a large number of regions or islands, which can belong to continents. The users are called "residents", and technically they are "avatars". The piece of software used to log on to Second Life is called "viewer".

Some people use this multi-user virtual environment (MUVE) for entertainment purposes, though it is not a game because it does not have any single goal that players must achieve. Other people use it to work or to study. Anyone is free to do anything they want, as long as they respect the Terms of Service. They are also free to create new things and add them to the virtual world. Players can make a lot of different things, including buildings, clothes, and landscapes. This is why Second Life is considered a platform, too.

Second Life regions are classified as:

Many things that people can do in Second Life are about real life. For instance, some universities and companies use Second Life for education and training, including Stanford University, Indiana University and University of Western Australia.

Second Life can also be used for foreign language teaching by language educators. English as a foreign language has gained a presence through several schools, such as the British Council. Two popular places where Second Life users meet to practice English are Virtlantis and Cypris Chat. A list of educational projects, which also include some language schools, can be found in the Second Life wiki.



Ford Falcon

The Ford Falcon is a big car made by Ford in Australia since 1960. It had seven generations and production of it stopped in October 2016. 

Hoboken

Hoboken is a southern district of the city of Antwerp, in Flanders (Belgium). There are 34,443 people living there.


Bottlenose dolphin

A bottlenose dolphin is a kind of dolphin. The name "bottlenose" comes from its snout being shaped like a bottle. It breathes a hole on top of its head. It is intelligent, and its brain is large. Bottlenose dolphins are closely related to porpoises. They are skilled and accurate hunters which eat small fish. 

Bottlenose dolphins are grey, with dark grey near their "blowhole" (the small hole on the top of their head for breating). They are light grey on their belly. This is called countershading: it makes them less easy to see. 

When it is grown up, it is about 2 to 4 meters (6.6 to 13.1ft) and about 150 to 650 kilograms (330 1430lb). The males are a usually a bit bigger than females. Dolphins which live in warm places are smaller than dolphins that live in cold places.

Franz Josef Strauß

Franz Josef Strauß () (6 September 6 1915 – 3 October 1988) was a German politician (CSU) and minister-president of the state of Bavaria. Press reports called him the ""Strong Man of Europe"".

Born as "Franz Strauß" in Munich as the second child of a butcher. Strauß studied at the University of Munich from 1935 to 1939.

He became a member of the "NSDStB" (Nationalsozialistischer Deutscher Studentenbund), (). All students had to be members, or they would not be allowed to study.

In World War II, he served in the German army, on the Western and Eastern Fronts. While on furlough, he passed the German state exams to become a teacher. He got severe frostbite on the Eastern Front at the end of 1942, so he became an "Offizier für wehrgeistige Führung" (political officer) at the anti-aircraft artillery school in Altenstadt, near Schongau, Bavaria.

Soon after the war he changed his name to Franz Josef Strauß.

In 1957 Strauß married Marianne Zwicknagl. They had three children (Max Josef, Franz Georg and Monika). Monika also became a Bavarian minister and member of the Bavarian parliament.

After the war, he was appointed deputy "Landrat" (county president) of Schongau by the American army, and helped to found the local CSU there.

He became a member of the first "Bundestag" (Federal Parliament) in 1949 and, in 1953, Federal Minister for Special Affairs in the second cabinet of Chancellor Konrad Adenauer. In 1955 he became Federal Minister of Nuclear Energy, and in 1956 defence minister. As defence minister he helped to build-up the new "Bundeswehr".

He became chairman of the CSU in 1961.

Strauß had to resign as defence minister in 1962 because of the Spiegel scandal. The important magazine "Der Spiegel" said that the Bundeswehr could not defend Germany. Strauß said this was treason and Rudolf Augstein, editor of the magazine, was arrested for 103 days.

Strauß had to admit that he had lied to the Bundestag, and had to resign. He complained that he was treated like a "Jew who had dared appear at an NSDAP party convention".

Strauß became minister of finance in 1966, in the cabinet of Kurt Georg Kiesinger.

He worked with the SPD minister for economy, Karl Schiller, but after the SPD was able to form a government without the CDU/CSU, in 1969, Strauß lost his job and became a critic of Willy Brandt's "Ostpolitik."

In 1976, when Helmut Kohl failed to become chancellor Strauß cancelled the alliance between the CDU and CSU parties in the Bundestag. He only started the alliance again when the CDU threatened to move into Bavaria.

In the 1980 federal election Strauß was the CDU/CSU candidate for chancellor. Some people thought that this showed that the CDU and CSU leaders thought Strauß had better policies and style than Kohl. Others said that the CDU/CSU thought that Helmut Schmidt and the SPD was bound to win the 1980 election, and felt that they had nothing to lose in running Strauß: but it might stop Strauß criticising anyone who disagreed with him.

From 1978 until his death in 1988, Strauß was minister president of Bavaria. He served as President of the Bundesrat in 1983/84.

After he lost the 1980 federal election, he left federal politics. But he did not stay quiet, and often commented on federal affairs from his safe seat in Bavaria. He especially criticised Kohl's ideas, even after Kohl ascended to the Chancellorship.

In 1983, Strauß helped to arrange a loan of 3 billion Deutschmarks for East Germany. This was not popular, and today it is regarded by some as having artificially prolonged the life of the then-bankrupt communist state.

Strauß visited communist Albania on 21 August 1984, while Enver Hoxha, the absolute dictator from the end of World War II until his death in 1985, was still alive. Strauß was one of the few Western leaders to visit Albania. Some thought Strauß might be helping to start diplomatic links between Albania and West Germany but the visit did not result in anything concrete.
On 1 October 1988, Strauß collapsed while hunting with the Prince of Thurn and Taxis in the Thurn and Taxis forests, east of Regensburg. He died in a Regensburg hospital on October 3 without having regained consciousness.

Strauß was very important in post-war Germany even though he was not very well known outside Germany. He polarized (split) the public like few other politicians.

A well known spokesman for conservatives, and brilliant speech-maker, he was a "red flag" to the left (his ideas made left wing people very angry).

He helped transform Bavaria from a farming state to a centre of technology in Germany. He was an aerospace enthusiast, and supported the Airbus in the 1970s. This is why the new airport in Munich was named after him in 1992 (see Franz Josef Strauß International Airport).


President of the German Bundesrat

The President of the German Bundesrat () is the speaker or chair of the German Bundesrat, which is the upper house of the German parliament.

Each of the ministers president of the federal "Länder" (states) acts as the president of the Bundesrat for one year.

The President of the Bundesrat can also act as deputy to the Federal President if the Federal President is out of Germany or not able to act because of illness etc. If the Federal President dies or is removed from office the President of the Bundestag will act as President until a new president is elected, which must be within thirty days.

The President of the Bundesrat is usually elected on the 1 November in one year, and serves until the 31 October of the next year. The Basic Law says, in Article 52.1, that "the Bundesrat elects its President for one year". However, in practice the presidency rotates among all Länder equally, in accordance with a predetermined order. The order changes sometimes, because it depends on each state's population.

If the head of government of a "Land" changes during the term of the President of the Bundesrat then the presidency passes to the new minister-president for the remainder of its one year duration. This happened in April 1999 when Roland Koch replaced Hans Eichel as minister-president of Hesse. The current order of rotation of the presidency of the Bundesrat is as follows:




German TV

German TV was a German-speaking television program for viewers in the USA and in Canada.

It was founded as a joint program from ARD and ZDF, which formed 40% each of the broadcast output. The remaining 20% was from Deutsche Welle.

The channel broadcast 24 hours-a-day. The editorial staff and the management of German TV were in the offices of Deutsche Welle TV in Berlin.

German TV sent news and information as well as sport, children's programs, shows and other entertainment programs as well as various films from different areas.

German TV went on the air in April, 2002. It was able to be received in the USA, and in wide parts of Canada and Latin America, by Satellite or Cable TV.


List of presidents of the German Bundesrat

The President of the German Bundesrat () is the German Bundesrat's chairperson or speaker.

The office rotates among the ministers president of each of the federal "Länder" annually. The new Bundesratspräsident is elected during October and takes office on 1 November. In 1950 the Ministers President of the Länder agreed to elect the Bundesratspräsident on a rota, so that every state had a chance to preside over the Bundesrat and to show that the Bundesrat represents all of Germany, rather than the most successful political party.

The rota is based on the state's population.



Maximilien de Robespierre

Maximilien François Marie Isidore de Robespierre (; 6 May 1758 – 28 July 1794) is one of the best-known leaders of the French Revolution. He was born in Arras, France and he went to school to become a lawyer and got his degree at law school. He was elected to the Estates General to help make laws for France. He fought against the French Monarchy, the death penalty, and slavery, and for democratic reforms and the people to have more power. He gained a reputation for defending the poor. His friends called him "incorruptible" for sticking to his moral values and killing his enemies. Later he was elected president of the powerful Jacobin political group.

Robespierre led the committee of public safety during 1793. Through it, he was able to execute the king. Even though Robespierre got thousands of people executed, Robespierre cared about the working class.

He executed King Louis XVI because he was convicted of treason. Under the advice of Robespierre, the Committee of Public Safety came to control France. The period that the Committee of Public Safety ruled France is known as “The Reign of Terror” and Maximilien de Robespierre was their leader. In the Thermidorian Reaction Robespierre was caught and executed with 21 of his followers with a guillotine. The National Convention were the people who overthrew Maximilien de Robespierre.

Maximilien de Robespierre was born in Arras in the old French province of Artois. His family has been traced back to the 12th century in Picardy; some of his ancestors in the male line worked as notaries in Carvin near Arras from the beginning of the 17th century. It has been suggested that he was of Irish descent, his surname possibly a corruption of "Robert Speirs".


Declaration of the Rights of Man and of the Citizen

The Declaration of the Rights of Man and of the Citizen () is one of the most important papers of the French Revolution. 
This paper explains a list of rights, such as freedom of religion, freedom of speech, freedom of assembly and separation of powers. All men have these rights. It also talks about some rights many people have together. This paper was written using some of the ideas of natural rights, these rights are for all men: they are supposed to be valid in all times and places. They are said to be rights of human nature. The last idea of the Declaration was accepted on 26 August 1789, by the National Constituent Assembly ("Assemblée nationale constituante"). It was a very important first thing to do before the people could write a constitution. The paper explained these basic rights, not only for French people but for "all men without exception", it did not say anything about the rights or role of women. It also did not talk about slavery. People now think that it was an important step towards international human rights or Universal Declaration of Human Rights:

The ideas written in the declaration are important in French law today. They can be used to fight or change new laws or other government actions. French law is based off of this document.

The Simpsons Halloween episodes

Treehouse of Horror, or The Simpsons Halloween Specials, is a seasonal special TV episode that is aired in every season (except the first one) where there are three different Halloween-based stories. Most of the time the episodes are about something really scary, unusual, or science-fictional event happening to the family. Since they have nothing to do with the real episodes, they are considered non-canonical (things that do not really happen).

Most of the time the family encounter horrible things like zombies, aliens, monsters, witches, or sometimes each other. Some episodes spoof horror or science-fiction films (most notably, shows from The Twilight Zone).



Bonerath

Bonerath is a municipality in the Trier-Saarburg district, in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany. As of 31 December 2018, 232 people lived there.


Gusterath

Gusterath is a municipality in the Trier-Saarburg district, in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany. As of 31 December 2018, 1,976 people lived there.


Gutweiler

Gutweiler is a municipality in the Trier-Saarburg district, in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany. As of 31 December 2018, 636 people lived there.


Hinzenburg

Hinzenburg is a municipality in the Trier-Saarburg district, in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany. As of 31 December 2018, 143 people lived there.


Holzerath

Holzerath is a municipality in the Trier-Saarburg district, in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany. As of 31 December 2018, 431 people lived there.


Kasel

Kasel is a municipality and a part of the Ruwer (municipality) in the Trier-Saarburg district, in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany. As of 31 December 2018, 1,321 people lived there.


Korlingen

Korlingen is a municipality in the Trier-Saarburg district, in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany. As of 31 December 2018, 831 people lived there.


Mertesdorf

Mertesdorf is a municipality in the Trier-Saarburg district, in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany. As of 31 December 2018, 1,688 people lived there.


Morscheid

Morscheid is a municipality in the Trier-Saarburg district, in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany. As of 31 December 2018, 946 people lived there.


Ollmuth

Ollmuth is a municipality in the Trier-Saarburg district, in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany. As of 31 December 2018, 168 people lived there.


Pluwig

Pluwig is a municipality in the Trier-Saarburg district, in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany. As of 31 December 2018, 1,679 people lived there.


Riveris

Riveris is a municipality in the Trier-Saarburg district, in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany. The municipality lies in the valley of the river Riveris. As of 31 December 2018, 402 people lived there.


Schöndorf

Schöndorf is the name of two municipalities in Germany:

and to:


Sommerau

Sommerau is a municipality in the Trier-Saarburg district, in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany. As of 31 December 2018, 75 people lived there.

Waldrach

Waldrach is a municipality in the Trier-Saarburg district, in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany. It is near Trier. As of 31 December 2018, 2,035 people lived there.


Perfect Stranger (movie)

Perfect Stranger is a big screen movie that was first shown in late 2006. It stars Halle Berry.

American bison

The American bison (also called American buffalo or just buffalo) is a species of bison, a bovine mammal. The name "buffalo" is a misnomer, because the bison is only distantly related to the water buffalo and the African buffalo. 

Bison are a keystone species. Their staple foods are grasses and sedges. They once roamed the North American continent in great herds, and their grazing helped shape the ecology of the Great Plains. The bisons has a large head with relatively small, curving horns. Its dark brown coat is long and shaggy on the forequarters, including the front legs, neck, and shoulders, while the rest of the body has shorter, finer hair.

American bison live in river valleys, and on prairies and plains. Typical habitat is open or semi-open grassland, as well as sagebrush, semi-arid lands and scrublands. Bison will also graze in hilly or mountainous areas where the slopes are not steep. Though not particularly known as high altitude animals, bison in the Yellowstone Park are frequently found at elevations above and the Henry Mountains bison herd is found on the plains around the Henry Mountains, Utah, as well as in mountain valleys of the Henry Mountains to an altitude of .

Although bison once roamed across North America, they are now ecologically extinct over most of their historic range. They live on in a few national parks and other small wildlife areas.

There used to be as many as 30 million bison in the United States, but because of hunting, by 1890, only 1,000 bison were left. Through conservation efforts, there are now more American bison than there used to be, but still far fewer than there were before the 1800s.

The American bison is often used in North America in official seals, flags, and logos. In 2016, the American bison became the national mammal of the United States.

Bisons have been used as livestock. They are known for having cattle-like meats, but it is leaner and slightly sweeter than beef.

"Main article: Beefalo"
They can interbreed with cattle to make a hybrid known as the beefalo.

Jiroft civilization

The Jiroft Civilization () is a proposed Early Bronze Age civilization of Sistan, Iran (fl. ca. 26th century BC). It was proposed by Yousef Madjidzadeh in 2003 because of archaeological artifacts confiscated by Iranian authorities. White Muscarella (2005) expresses serious doubt in the accuracy of the "Jiroft Civilization" as an archaeological entity. The Jiroft site itself is of undisputed notability as a mid-3rd millennium city situated between the Elamite civilization to the west and the Indus Valley civilization to the east.


Tigranakert

Tigranakert (Armenian: Տիգրանակերտ, transliterated "Tigranakert" and also spelled "Dikranagerd" in Western Armenian; Latin Tigranocerta) was a city near present-day Silvan, Turkey, east of Diyarbakır. It was founded by the Armenian Emperor Tigranes the Great in the 1st century BC. Tigranakert was founded as the new capital of the Armenian Empire in order to be in a more central position within the boundaries of the expanding empire.

Combat sport

A combat sport (also known as a combative sport) is a competitive contact sport where two combatants fight against each other using certain rules of contact, with the aim of simulating parts of real hand to hand combat. Boxing, kickboxing, wrestling, mixed martial arts and fencing are examples of combat sports.

The techniques used can be categorized into three domains: striking, grappling, and weapon usage. Some rule-sets specialize in one area, while others allow overlap.

Ground fighting

Ground fighting (in martial arts sometimes referred to as "ground work" or "ground game") is hand-to-hand combat which takes place while the fighters are on the ground, generally involving a degree of clutching of gripping.


Anderson Silva

Anderson da Silva (born April 14, 1975) is a Brazilian Muay Thai fighter and mixed martial artist (MMA). He is a former UFC middleweight champion. He is also the current Cage Rage World middleweight champion. Silva is the longest-reigning champion in that promotion. He has competed in PRIDE Fighting Championships, Shooto, and Rumble on the Rock. Silva holds notable wins over Rich Franklin, Hayato Sakurai, Nathan Marquardt and Jeremy Horn.


Karo Parisyan

Karapet "Karo" Parisyan (; born August 28, 1982 in Yerevan, Armenia) is an Armenian-American mixed martial arts fighter. His fighting style is mainly Judo, but has been modified to fight without the use of a Judogi.

His current professional MMA record is 17-4-0 with 9 of his wins coming by way of submission. Karo is currently fighting out of North Hollywood, California, and he is ranked as the 5th best welterweight fighter in the world by MMAweekly.com.


Diego Sanchez

Diego "The Nightmare" Sanchez (born December 31, 1981 in Albuquerque, New Mexico) is a Mexican American mixed martial artist (MMA). He has a background in wrestling and Gaidojutsu, a system of submission wrestling developed by his longtime trainer Greg Jackson. Sanchez currently fights as a welterweight with the Ultimate Fighting Championship (UFC).

Elías Piña Province

Elías Piña is a Dominican province in the western part of the country, on the border with Haiti. Its capital city is Comendador.

It was created on 1942 as Province San Rafael. In 1965, its name was changed to Province Estrelleta and, finally, in 1972 it got its present name. Before 1942, the area of this province was part of the San Juan province.

"Elías Piña" was an officer of the Dominican army when the Dominican-Haitian War. He was born in a place near Comendador and died in 1845 in a battle near Bánica.

Elías Piña has Dajabón to the northwest, Santiago Rodríguez to the northeast, San Juan to the east and the Independencia province to the south. To the west Elías Piña borders the Republic of Haiti.

Few people lived in the territory of Elías Piña during colonial times because it was on the border between two colonies: the French "Saint-Domingue" and the Spanish "Santo Domingo". After 1844, the region became part of the border between Haiti and Dominican Republic.

The only town founded during the colony was Bánica, in the eastern end of a region of many savannas that was called "Oncéano" by the Spanish; most of Oncéano is now part of the Centre Department of Haiti. Both Comendador and Hondo Valle were military posts on the border after the Dominican independence. The rest of the present province had very few people until the end of the Restoration War in 1865 when families from other parts of the country came to live here.

During the Dominican-Haitian War (1844-1856), Haitian soldiers came across this region; because of that, there were many fights here. The most important fight was La Estrelleta Battle, in a savanna to the east of Comendador.

Since colonial times, the territory was part of the Azua province until it was changed to the "Benefactor" province (now the San Juan province) when this province was created in 1938.

The Elías Piña province was created in 1942 with the municipalities of Elías Piña and Bánica; the new province was named San Rafael and its capital was the city of Elías Piña. In 1965, the name of the province was changed to La Estrelleta and later, in 1972, it was changed to Elías Piña and the capital got its old name of Comendador.

Pedro Santana became a municipality of the province in 1952, El Llano in 1974, Hondo Valle in 1978 and Juan Santiago in 2005.

The municipal districts of the province were created in:

In (last national census), there were people living in the Elías Piña province, and only 30,429 () living in towns and cities. The population density was persons/km², one of the lowest in the country.

Its population represents of the total population of the country and the province is ranked as the 28th (out of 31 plus the National District) more populated province.

, the total estimated propulation of the province is 63,449 inhabitants.

The largest city of the province is Comendador, its head municipality or capital, with an urban population (in 2010) of 12,400 inhabitants.

The Elías Piña province has a total area of . It has of the area of the Dominican Republic and it is ranked as the 14th (out of 31 plus the National District) largest province.

There are two main roads in the province. One, "Carretera Sánchez" (Sánchez National Road), goes through the central part of the province from east to west; this is one of the main road of the country and goes from Santo Domingo to the western part of the country, to Comendador.

The second main road goes from south to north; it starts in the Sánchez National Road at "Matayaya" (San Juan province) and goes through Bánica and Pedro Santana and then through the Dajabón and Monte Cristi provinces to end in San Fernando de Monte Cristi, on the north coast. This road, for several kilometres north of Pedro Santana, marks the border between the Dominican Republic and Haiti and, for that reason, is called "International Road".

There are other secondary roads. One of them goes from Comendador to Hondo Valle and then to the Independencia province, crossing the Sierra de Neiba mountain range.

Two mountain ranges crosses the province from east to west and then into Haiti. The Cordillera Central ("Central mountain range") is in the northern part of the province, and the Sierra de Neiba runs across the southern half. The area between those two mountain ranges is composed of several valleys, formed by the Artibonite River and its tributaries, and low mountains (hills).

The highest mountain in the province is the "Loma La Tasajera del Chivito" at above sea level in the Sierra de Neiba. "Nalga de Maco", high (), is the second highest mountain, in the northeast corner of the province, close to the Santiago Rodríguez province. It is the highest mountain in the western Cordillera Central.

The main river is the Artibonite that, in some places, marks the Dominican-Haitian border. Other rivers are Macasías, Tocino, Joca and Vallecito, all of them tributaries of the Artibonite river. The Caña river is the most important in the southern part of the province, going from south to north; it is a tributary of the Macasías river.

The climate of the province is a tropical climate, hot most of the year, but it is cooler on the mountains.

There are 6 municipalities and 7 municipal districts (M.D.) in the province. The municipalities and its municipal districts (M.D.) are:

As in all border provinces in the Dominican Republic, there is little economic development. The trade with Haiti is important, mainly in Comendador. On the mountains, coffee and beans are important products. Potatoes are also produced in the south (Sierra de Neiba).


Mila Kunis

Milena Markovna "Mila" Kunis (; born August 14, 1983 in Chernivtsi, Ukrainian SSR, Soviet Union) is a Ukrainian-American actress and model of Jewish descent.

Kunis moved to Los Angeles in 1991. Her first acting role was in 1995. She is best known for playing Jackie Burkhart on the sitcom "That '70s Show". She also plays the voice of Meg Griffin on "Family Guy." Lacey Chabert played Meg Griffin in the first season, but Mila Kunis plays Meg Griffin now. She has been in a relationship with Ashton Kutcher since April 2012. The couple became engaged in February 2014. Their daughter was born in September 2014. Mila Kunis has ADHD and takes Dexedrine.

Crazy in Love

"Crazy in Love" is an R&B/funk song written by Beyoncé Knowles, producer Rich Harrison, rapper Jay-Z, and Eugene Record. Released as the first single from Beyoncé's debut album "Dangerously in Love" in mid 2003 (see 2003 in music), it reached number one in the United States and United Kingdom and the top ten on the majority of charts it entered across the world. The song contains a prominent horn sample from The Chi-Lites' 1970 "Are You My Woman (Tell Me So)", and serves as the song's hook. Its success established Knowles as a leading solo performer following several years as a member of the band Destiny's Child.

The music video (released in May 2003) was filmed by Jake Nava and does not have a story. The opening scene begins with Knowles wearing a tank top, shorts, and red high-heels. She performs a dance on a riser. The scene shifts to a gold set detailing a mock photo shoot, before moving into a scene with dancers detailing Knowles and dancing against a wall while wearing caps and full length pants. In a controversial sequence, the video then shifts into its next scene, which shows a helpless Beyoncé struggling inside a car. She is apparently unaware that there is a trail of gasoline outside of the car, which Jay-Z ignites, causing the car to explode.

Knowles does not appear injured; next, she is dancing to Jay-Z's solo rap in an exotic silk print over a fur coat, and decides to kick a fire hydrant. She continues to dance whilst the water is flying all over the place. The video ends with Knowles and her dancers in front of a giant fan in vibrant dresses in contrast to the more neutral colors of the background.





Check on It

"Check on It" is an R&B song written by Beyoncé Knowles, Kasseem Dean, Sean Garrett, Angela Beyincé, and Stayve Thomas for the soundtrack to the 2006 movie "The Pink Panther", in which Beyoncé co-stars. Although not included on its soundtrack album (because it only contains the movies scores), the song is included on Destiny's Child's greatest hits album "#1's" and on selected non-U.S. versions of Knowles' second studio album, "B'Day". It was produced by Knowles and Swizz Beatz.


When demand was growing for the song, Knowles shot a music video serving as promotion for both "#1's" and "The Pink Panther". The video was directed by Hype Williams, and was premiered on December 16 2005. The remix of the song in the music video features a remix of "The Pink Panther Theme" and a rap from Bun B. The video has a pink theme, with Knowles shown in mostly all pink (to fit in with "The Pink Panther"), and the dancers wear pink PVC jackets and dance around rippling pink satin sheets. The video cuts to Knowles wearing a pink polka dot corset against a hot magenta polka dot wall. Where black bars normally appear on a (full screen) television showing a widescreen production, footage is displayed of pink curtains moving in the background.

"Check on It" won the 2006 MTV Video Music Award for "Best R&B Video" on August 31, 2006.

Irreplaceable

"Irreplaceable" is a song written by American singer-songwriters Beyoncé Knowles and Ne-Yo, and Norwegian songwriters Mikkel S. Eriksen, Tor Erik Hermansen, Espen Lind, and Amund Bjørklund for Knowles' second studio album, "B'Day" (2006). Produced by Norwegian production team Stargate and Beyoncé, the song was released as the album's third single domestically, and the second single outside North America in October 2006. The track "Freakum Dress" was initially the third single for US single and the second international single, however due to the underperformance of the single "Ring The Alarm" "Irreplaceable" was rush released because of its high popularity. "Irreplaceable" reached number one on the "Billboard" Hot 100 on December 16, 2006, making it Beyoncé's eighth "Billboard" number-one, and her fourth as a solo artist (her first without a guest rapper). It has sold over two million copies in digital sales. It was the last U.S. #1 of 2006 and the first of 2007.

"Irreplaceable" has entered many charts around the world. The following table lists the various charts and peak positions. 

These are the formats and track listings of major single releases of "Irreplaceable".






Amor Gitano

Amor Gitano (English: "Gypsy Love") is the theme song for the telenovela "", performed in Spanish by Alejandro Fernández and Beyoncé. The single was sold mainly in markets with a strong Latin demographic, such as Mexico, where it reached number thirty-eight on its official singles chart and number five on the Digital Sales Chart in late April 2007.

Work It Out

Work It Out is a funk song written by American singer-songwriter Beyoncé Knowles and The Neptunes members Pharrell Williams and Chad Hugo (who produced the track) for the soundtrack to the 2002 film "Austin Powers in Goldmember"—in which she plays Foxxy Cleopatra—and was later featured on the non-U.S. editions of Knowles' solo debut album, "Dangerously in Love" (2003). Released as a single in June 2002, it failed to chart on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot 100, but did experience moderate success on the "Billboard" Hot Dance Club Play chart, debuting at number forty-nine and later peaking at number eleven. Nevertheless, it was a relative hit in European countries such as the United Kingdom and Norway, where it reached number seven and number three respectively. The music video for the song was directed by Matthew Rolston. This funky number features Chad Hugo on the saxophone.


Get Me Bodied

Get Me Bodied is a song written by Beyoncé Knowles, Sean Garrett, Solange Knowles, Angela Beyince, Makeba Riddick, and Swizz Beatz for Knowles' second studio album, "B'Day" (2006). Produced by Swizz Beatz, Sean Garrett, and Beyoncé, it was released as the album's fifth single in the United States on July 10, 2007, and has since reached number 68 on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot 100.



Beyoncé

Beyoncé Giselle Knowles-Carter () (born September 4, 1981), known mononymously as Beyoncé, is an American singer, songwriter, record producer, actress, dancer and model. She is known as a lead singer of female pop group Destiny's Child. She released her first solo album, "Dangerously in Love", in 2003, when Destiny's Child was on a break. 

Since then, she has released six more albums, which have all produced hit singles. She has sold over 250 million records worldwide as a solo artist, and as the lead singer of the world's best-selling female group of all time, selling over 100 million records worldwide. She is the most female awarded musicians in Grammys of all time, with 32 wins during her career, as well as her nominations.

Beyoncé Giselle Knowles was born at Park Plaza Hospital in Houston, Texas. Her mother is Tina Knowles (née Beyincé; currently Lawson) with her Creole descent, which means she has some African and French roots. Her father is Mathew Knowles, who is African American. Knowles went to several performing arts schools, and took part in singing and dancing competitions as a child. Her younger sister, Solange, is also a musician.

In her youth, she started the girl group Girls Tyme. Her father Mathew became her manager.

Knowles became very famous in the late 1990s. She became the lead singer of the R&B girl group Destiny's Child. The group became the world's best-selling girl group of all time, selling over 85 million records worldwide.

Destiny's Child took a break from recording music. Knowles released her solo debut album, "Dangerously in Love", in 2003. Two singles from the album—"Crazy in Love" and "Baby Boy"—reached number one on the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart. The album became one of the most successful albums of that year. "Dangerously in Love" was given five Grammy Awards. After Destiny's Child split, Knowles released her second album. "B'Day" was released in 2006, and its singles "Déjà Vu", "Irreplaceable" and "Beautiful Liar" reached the top ten in the United States. Her third album "I Am... Sasha Fierce" was released in 2008. "If I Were a Boy", "Single Ladies (Put a Ring on It)", "Halo" and "Sweet Dreams" became hit singles for Knowles. "Singles Ladies (Put a Ring on It)" became another number-one single on the "Billboard" Hot 100. The album earned six Grammys in 2010, the most Grammys won by a woman in one night. Only Adele would do this again at the 2012 Grammys.

Her next album, "4" (2011), became her fourth number one album on the "Billboard" 200 chart. She became the third artist in history to have her first four albums debut at number one. Beyoncé released her fifth album "Beyoncé" on iTunes on December 13, 2013. The public did not know about the album before it was released. The album has fourteen songs and 17 videos. It has been given good reviews. It entered the "Billboard" 200 at number one. This made her the first female artist in the history of the chart to have her first five albums enter the chart at the top. Knowles performed "Drunk in Love" with JAY-Z at the 2014 Grammy Awards. She was nominated for Best Rap/Sung Collaboration for "Part II (On the Run)" with JAY-Z.

In February 2016, Beyoncé was a guest performer at Super Bowl 50. She performed "Formation", the lead single from her sixth studio album, "Lemonade". The performance was controversial, as it had elements of the #BlackLivesMatter movement along with influences from the Black Panthers. She announced The Formation World Tour in a commercial after the Super Bowl performance.

In April 2016, an hour-long film, "Lemonade", was shown on HBO. After the film aired, the "Lemonade" album was released. The album became her best-reviewed of her career. It entered the charts at number one in the US and Canada. "Lemonade" features the singles "Formation", "Sorry", and "Hold Up". It won the Grammy Award for Best Urban Contemporary Album in 2017, while the music video for "Formation" won the award for Best Music Video.

In 2017, Beyoncé released the promotional single "Die with You". She later contributed to the remix of "Mi Gente" by J Balvin and Willy William. This caused the song to jump to number three on the "Billboard" Hot 100. On December 1, 2017, an acoustic duet between Beyoncé and Ed Sheeran of Sheeran's song "Perfect" was released and was at the top of the iTunes charts in 32 countries. The song became Beyoncé's sixth US number-one as a solo artist and her tenth number-one song in the US including songs with Destiny's Child.

Knowles was featured on a remix of rapper Megan Thee Stallion's song "Savage"; it became Knowles’ seventh number-one song in the US.

On June 20, 2022, she released "Break My Soul", the lead single from her seventh studio album, "Renaissance" and the album was released on July 29, 2022. "Break My Soul" became her eighth solo US number-one (twelfth overall), while the album's next single, "Cuff It", reached number ten on the Hot 100.

Knowles has a three-and-a-half octave mezzo-soprano vocal range. Other sources state that she possesses a contralto vocal range at age of 30s. Jon Pareles of The New York Times commented that her voice is "velvety yet tart, with an insistent flutter and reserves of soul belting". Jody Rosen notes that the hip hop era highly influenced Knowles' unique rhythmic vocal style, but also finds her quite traditionalist in her use of balladry, gospel and falsetto.

Her first role in a movie was for the musical "" (2001). Her first major movie was "Austin Powers in Goldmember" (2002). The movie "Dreamgirls" (2006) was nominated for two Golden Globe Awards. Her other movies "Cadillac Records" (2008) and "Obsessed" (2009) did not do so well.

In 2019, she starred as Nala in the 2019 drama-live action remake "The Lion King".

In 2005, Knowles and her mother created a fashion line called House of Deréon.

In 2016, she also introduced a fitness-wear collection called Ivy Park.
In 2010, she released her first perfume which she called Heat.
In 2013, Knowles became H&M's new swimwear model since she gave birth to her daughter Blue Ivy just a year prior.

She became a spokesperson for L'Oréal, Pepsi, Tommy Hilfiger, Nintendo, and Vizio.

In 2010, Knowles was ranked first on "Forbes" list of the "100 Most Powerful and Influential Musicians in the World", and second on its list of the "100 Most Powerful and Influential Celebrities in the World". In 2012, she was named "World's Most Beautiful Woman" by "People" magazine.

Many of Knowles' recordings and movies were given many nominations, with many winning them. These include 24 Grammy Awards, 24 [MTV Video Music Awards], three [American Music Awards], a Billboard Millennium Award, and a star on the [Hollywood Walk of Fame] with Destiny's Child. In 2009, "[Billboard (magazine)|Billboard]" named her the Top Radio Songs Artist of the 2000s decade. They also ranked her 4th for Artist of the Decade. The Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA), named Knowles as the Top Certified Artist of the 2000s. In the US, she has sold over 17 million copies as of May 2014. She has sold more than 30.4 million digital singles as of January 2012. Worldwide, she has sold 245 million records. This makes her one of the best-selling music artists of all time. Knowles appeared on [VH1]'s 2010 list of the "100 Greatest Artists of All Time". They ranked her third on their "100 Greatest Women in Music" list in 2012.

In 2000, Knowles met Jay-Z and proposed her on his 38th birthday on December 4, 2007. The couple married on April 4, 2008. On January 7, 2012, she gave birth to their first daughter, Blue Ivy Carter, via natural birth in Lennox Hill Hospital, New York.

Knowles is a feminist. In the February 2013 issue of GQ magazine she said, "You know, equality is a myth, and for some reason, everyone accepts the fact that women don’t make as much money as men do. I don’t understand that. Why do we have to take a backseat? I truly believe that women should be financially independent from their men. And let’s face it, money gives men the power to run the show. It gives men the power to define value. They define what’s sexy. And men define what’s feminine. It’s ridiculous."

Knowles joined the Ban Bossy campaign in 2014.

In December 2013, it was revealed that she and her husband Jay-Z were longtime vegans. She wrote the foreword to the book "The 22-Day Revolution" by trainer Marco Borges, which was released in April 2015.

On February 1, 2017, Knowles announced via Instagram that she was expecting twins. She gave birth to a daughter, Rumi and a son, Sir on June 13, 2017 via cesarean section. 


Listen (song)

Listen is a song performed by American R&B singer-songwriter Beyoncé Knowles in the 2006 movie "Dreamgirls". It was released as the first single from the on December 5, 2006 in the United States and on was released in the United Kingdom on February 19, 2007. The song can also be found as a hidden track on international editions of the singer's second solo studio album, "B'Day" (2006).


True Star: A Private Performance

True Star: A Private Performance is a two-track EP by American R&B singer Beyoncé. Produced by herself and Tommy Hilfiger, it was released exclusively in Austria in 2004 (see 2004 in music). Solely available with limited edition purchases of her fragrance by Hilfiger entitled True Star.

Lose My Breath

"Lose My Breath" is an R&B/dance-pop song written by Beyoncé Knowles, Kelly Rowland, Michelle Williams, Rodney Jerkins, LaShawn Daniels, Fred Jerkins III, Sean Garrett, and Shawn "Jay-Z" Corey Carter for Destiny's Child's fifth and last studio album, "Destiny Fulfilled" (2004). It was produced by Knowles and Jerkins and released as the album's lead single in autumn 2004. The single was released with "Why You Actin'" as the b-side. The song reached number one in Belgium, China, India, Israel, Ireland, and Switzerland and entered the top ten on the majority of the charts it appeared on, making it one of Destiny's Child most successful single releases. The song was also nominated for a Grammy Award for Best R&B Vocal Performance by a Duo Or Group.


These are the formats and track listings of major single releases of "Lose My Breath".


Destiny's Child discography

The discography of the R&B group Destiny's Child.
Destiny' s Child has sold in total 75 million worldwide including albums, video albums and singles; its leader Beyoncé as a solo and featured artist has sold the same million of copies; its co-leader Kelly Rowland has sold as a solo and featured artis 20 albums and single's million worldwide.
In total Destiny's Child and its leader and co-leader has sold 170 million worldwide. 


1983 Pacific hurricane season

The 1983 Pacific hurricane season officially started May 15, 1983 in the eastern Pacific, and June 1, 1983 in the central Pacific, and lasted until November 30, 1983. These dates conventionally delimit the period of each year when most tropical cyclones form in the northeastern Pacific Ocean.

This season, there were a record-setting 21 named storms this year. Of those storms, twelve became hurricanes. Eight hurricanes reached Category 3 or higher on the Saffir-Simpson Hurricane Scale. No named storms formed in the central Pacific; however, there were two tropical depressions. A strong El Niño contributed to this level of activity. That same El Niño influenced a relatively quiet season in the Atlantic.

The most notable storms were hurricane Tico, Tropical Storm Octave, and Hurricane Winnie. Hurricane Tico left thousands homeless in Mazatlan; Tropical Storm Octave killed several people in one of Arizona's worst disasters; and Hurricane Winnie was a rare December cyclone.


1972 Pacific hurricane season

The 1972 Pacific hurricane season began on May 15, 1972 in the east Pacific, and on June 1, 1972 in the central Pacific. It ended on November 30, 1972. These dates conventionally delimit the period of time when tropical cyclones form in the east Pacific Ocean.

This season had a below average number of storms. There were twelve tropical cyclones. Of those, four were tropical storms, eight were hurricanes, and four were major hurricanes that reached Category 3 or higher on the Saffir-Simpson Hurricane Scale. In the central Pacific, two tropical storms and two tropical depressions formed. One of the depressions and one of the storms crossed the dateline to become typhoons.


1970 Pacific hurricane season

The 1970 Pacific hurricane season began on May 15, 1970 in the east Pacific, and on June 1, 1970 in the central Pacific. It ended on November 30, 1970. These dates conventionally delimit the period of time when tropical cyclones form in the eastern Pacific Ocean.

This season had an above average number of storms. There were twenty-one tropical cyclones, of which eighteen reached tropical storm strength. Four storms became hurricanes, of which none reached major hurricane strength. In the central Pacific, one hurricane and one tropical depression formed. One of the depressions crossed the dateline to become a typhoon.


1977 Pacific hurricane season

The 1977 Pacific hurricane season officially started May 15, 1977 in the eastern Pacific, and June 1, 1977 in the central Pacific, and lasted until November 30, 1977. These dates start and end the period of each year when most tropical cyclones form in the northeast Pacific Ocean. The season was very inactive.
This season had a record low level of activity. Only eight tropical storms formed, and four hurricanes. No major hurricanes formed. The next time this happened was during the 2003 season. Also, there was just one cyclogenesis in each of May, June, July, August, and October, which is also low. Activity in the central Pacific was zero, as no storms formed there nor moved in from the east. Strangely enough it was also not very active in the Eastern Pacific or the Atlantic.


2003 Pacific hurricane season

The 2003 Pacific hurricane season saw an strangely big number of tropical cyclones affect Mexico. The biggest cyclones in 2003 were Hurricanes Ignacio (which killed 2 people in Mexico) and Marty (which killed 12 people in Mexico). Those hurricanes were responsible for nearly $1 billion (2003 USD) in damage. Three other Pacific storms and three Atlantic storms also affected Mexico. The only other big storm of the season was Hurricane Jimena. Hurricane Jimena passed just to the south of Hawaii. Hurricane Jimena was the first storm to go near Hawaii for several years.

The season officially started on May 15, 2003 in the eastern Pacific, and on June 1, 2003 in the central Pacific, and lasted until November 30, 2003. These dates conventionally delimit the period of each year when most tropical cyclones form in the northeastern Pacific Ocean. The season saw 16 tropical storms form, which is about average. However, this season was the first Pacific hurricane season since 1977 to have no systems become major hurricanes by reaching Category 3 or higher on the Saffir-Simpson Hurricane Scale.

Marty killed 12 and destroyed 4,000 homes in Baja California. 

Hurricane Nora was the strongest hurricane in the eastern Pacific Ocean in 2003.


1989 Pacific hurricane season

The 1989 Pacific hurricane season officially started May 15, 1989 in the Eastern Pacific, and June 1, 1989 in the Central Pacific, and lasted until November 30, 1989. These dates conventionally delimit the period of each year when most tropical cyclones form in the northeastern Pacific Ocean.

Notable storms include Hurricanes Cosme, Kiko, and Raymond. Cosme crossed over Mexico and contributed to the formation of Tropical Storm Allison in the Atlantic. Hurricane Kiko made landfall on the Gulf of California side of the Baja California peninsula. Hurricane Raymond was the strongest storm of the season, but weakened significantly before landfall.


1995 Pacific hurricane season

The 1995 Pacific hurricane season was the least active Pacific hurricane season since 1979. Of the eleven tropical cyclones that formed during the season, four affected land, with the most notable storm of the season being Hurricane Ismael, which killed at least 116 people in Mexico. The strongest hurricane in the season was Hurricane Juliette, which reached peak winds of 150 mph (240 km/h).

The season officially started on May 15, 1995 in the eastern Pacific, and on June 1, 1995 in the central Pacific, and lasted until November 30, 1995. These dates conventionally delimit the period of each year when most tropical cyclones form in the northeastern Pacific Ocean. The season saw eleven tropical cyclones form, of which ten became tropical storms. Seven storms attained hurricane status, of which three acquired major hurricane status. The number of tropical storms was much less than the average of 16 storms, while the number of hurricanes and major hurricanes were slightly below average.


1992 Pacific hurricane season

The 1992 Pacific hurricane season was the most active Pacific season on record. The most notable storm was Hurricane Iniki, which caused billions of dollars of damage to the Hawaiian Islands. Hurricanes Lester, Virgil, Winifred, and Orlene also made landfall and killed several people, but were significantly less destructive. Hurricane Darby and Tropical Storm Agatha brought rains and more destruction to Mexico, without making landfall. Also of note are Hurricane Ekeka and Tropical Storm Hali, which formed in late January and March, respectively.


Santa Cruz River

The Santa Cruz River is a river in southern Arizona, United States, and northern Sonora, Mexico. The Santa Cruz has its headwaters in the high intermontane grasslands of the San Rafael Valley to the east of Patagonia between the Canelo Hills to the east and the Patagonia Mountains to the west. It flows southward into Mexico and turns westward, and reenters the United States just to the east of Nogales. It then continues northward from the International border at Nogales past the Tumacacori National Historical Park, Tubac, Green Valley, Sahuarita, San Xavier del Bac, and Tucson to the Santa Cruz Flats just to the south of Casa Grande and the Gila River.


Artibonite River

The River Artibonite (; ) is a river in the island of Hispaniola. It is 321 km long (68 km in the Dominican Republic, 253 km in Haiti), the longest of the island and of Haiti.

The Taíno name of the river was Hatibonico. Peter Martyr d'Anghiera wrote that the name was "Attiboni" or "Attibonicus". Some people said that the name was "Guayajayuco" but it is another river, tributary of the Artibonite.

The source of the Artibonite is to the northeast of Río Limpio, in the Cordillera Central, Dominican Republic. The mouth of the Artibonite is in Haiti, south of La Grand Saline, at about . It flows into the Gulf of Gonâve.

The river is the border between the Dominican Republic and Haiti for several kilometres, from the town of Pedro Santana to the point where it is joined by the River Macasías, and then turns west into Haiti.

Its watershed has an area of 9,013 km (2,614 km in the Dominican Republic, the rest in Haiti). Its discharge (volume of water which passes through a section of the river per unit of time) is 16.6 cubic metres per second at Pedro Santana.

The most important tributaries are the rivers Libón, Macasías and Joca, all of them in the Dominican Republic. The Libón River is the only important tributary that flows into the right side of the Artibonite.

Deforestation has affected in a bad way the quality and amount of water in the River Artibonite in the Dominican Republic and Haiti. There are not many fishes; only tilapias are caught. There were American crocodiles ("Crocodylus acutus") in the River Artibonite and in other rivers of the Hispaniola, but now they are found only in the big lakes of the island.

The water of the river is used for irrigation in Haiti but not in the Dominican Republic because it flows here through high mountains. The Peligre Hydroelectric Dam was built on the Arbitonite; it produces electricity for Haiti.

Jens Pulver

Jens Johnnie "Little Evil" Pulver (born December 6, 1974 in Sunnyside, Washington) is an American mixed martial artist (MMA). He was the first Ultimate Fighting Championship (UFC) lightweight champion, and was a coach on "The Ultimate Fighter 5" reality show, which aired on Spike TV. He is currently signed as a featherweight with World Extreme Cagefighting (WEC), which is owned by Zuffa (the parent company of the UFC).


Video CD

A Video CD or VCD is a CD that contains a movie instead of music or a computer program. It is the "little brother" of the DVD.

Since a DVD can store ten times as much information as a VCD, the quality of a VCD is not as high as that of a DVD, but it is ten times cheaper to make. The quality of the picture is about as good as an analog television with a simple antenna, or a VHS tape.

VCD's were invented by Philips and Sony just like the CD, but then never became very popular in the Western world, which switched from VHS tapes directly to the DVD. However, in Asia and in other developing countries the VCD is popular, since a DVD player is also much more expensive than a VCD player, but not Australia.

A VCD movie is stored in the popular MPEG (.MPG) format, that is also often used to download movies from the internet. But if a VCD disk is put in a computer, there is a file with a .MPG after the name, and many other files. This is because the movie is actually in a file (or files) that has .DAT after the name. This file can be played with Windows Media Player (or any other player that can play a .MPG movie), one does not need special software because the file is actually just a .MPG movie with a .DAT end of the name instead of .MPG. There are also many programs that can play a VCD on a PC.

Boston Red Sox

The Boston Red Sox are an American baseball team from Boston, Massachusetts that play in Major League Baseball. They have nine World Series championships, most recently in 2018. The Red Sox are a member of Major League Baseball's American League East Division and of the American League itself. The Red Sox have played at Fenway Park since 1912
One of the American League's eight charter franchises, the club was founded in Boston in 1901. They had no real nickname, but were often called the Boston Americans because they played in the American League. Their first home field was the Huntington Avenue Grounds. They met the Pittsburgh Pirates in the first modern World Series, and defeated the Pirates in an upset.

In 1907, the Boston National League team stopped using red as their team color. The Americans team color had been blue. The next year, 1908, the Americans adopted red as their color, and officially became the Boston Red Sox.

In 1918, the team won its fifth World Series, and then went into one of the longest championship droughts in baseball history. The Red Sox won the World Series in 1903, 1912, 1915, 1916, 1918, 2004, 2007, 2013, and 2018; they won the pennant, but lost the World Series in 1946, 1967, 1975, and 1986.

Many thought their championship drought between 1918 and 2004 was caused by the "Curse of the Bambino", said to have been caused by the trade of Babe Ruth to the New York Yankees in 1920. The drought was ended, and the "curse" reversed in 2004, when the team won their sixth World Series Championship. 

To get to the 2004 World Series, they beat the Yankees in the 2004 American League Championship Series; they lost the first three games to the Yankees, but then, facing elimination, they won the next four games and thereby won the ALCS. That was, and still is, the first and only time an MLB team has won a seven-game playoff series after losing the first three games. 

After the ALCS, the Red Sox swept the St. Louis Cardinals to win their first World Series since 1918 (86 years) in 2004.

They share a large and very famous rivalry with the New York Yankees. They also share a notably smaller rivalry with the Tampa Bay Rays because of the 2008 American League Championship Series and because of various on-field fights and disputes.


Green Light: Freemasons EP

Green Light: Freemasons EP is a remix EP by female R&B singer Beyoncé Knowles. It was released on July 27, 2007, online as a digital download.


Irreemplazable

Irreemplazable is a Spanish and Spanglish EP by female R&B singer Beyoncé Knowles. It was released on August 28, 2007 in US. At the same time, a CD/DVD combo was released exclusively at Wal-mart. The DVD features behind the scenes documentary entitled "La Evolucion Latina de Beyoncé" ("The Latin Evolution of Beyoncé") as well as the music video for Beyoncé's "Get Me Bodied" (Timbaland remix) featuring Voltio.


Ring the Alarm

Ring the Alarm is an R&B song written by Beyoncé Knowles, Kasseem "Swizz Beatz" Dean, and Sean Garrett for Knowles' second solo album "B’Day" (2006). Co-produced by Knowles, and Swizz Beatz, the song premiered on August 8, 2006 to radio outlets in the United States and eventually debuted at number twelve on the "Billboard" Hot 100, making the single her highest entry on the official American singles chart and the second highest debut of 2006 behind only Taylor Hicks's "Do I Make You Proud". It previously debuted at "Billboard" Bubbling Under Hot 100 Singles at number seventeen.

These are the formats and track listings of major single-releases of "Ring the Alarm".

'03 Bonnie &amp; Clyde

'03 Bonnie & Clyde is a single by rapper Jay-Z, featuring American singer and songwriter Beyoncé. It was taken from his ninth studio album "" (2002) and can also be found on the international editions of Beyoncé's first solo album "Dangerously in Love". Released in 2002, the song reached number four on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot 100. It was Jay-Z's second top ten single and Beyoncé's first top ten single as a solo artist. It also reached number two in the United Kingdom. The single is notable for causing drama between Jay-Z and Toni Braxton over what she said was a stolen sample. Jay-Z had to work with Suge Knight to secure the rights to cover this song from Tupac Shakur, because he made the original version of the song, which was called "Me and My Girlfriend". "Me and My Girlfriend" was on his 1996 classic "". Jay-Z also referenced this in his song "All I Need" from The Blueprint.

The music video for the song, which was directed by Chris Robinson, was nominated for "Best Hip-Hop Video" at the 2003 MTV Video Music Awards. However, it lost to Missy Elliott's "Work It." The name of the song is a reference to Eminem's song "'97 Bonnie and Clyde". 

There is a changed version of it called "Bonnie & Clyde '03" which has many of Beyoncé's vocals rather than Jay-Z's. It is included in her "Dangerously In Love" CD.


One Night Only

One Night Only is a song from the 1981 Broadway musical "Dreamgirls", with lyrics by Tom Eyen and music by Henry Krieger. In the context of the musical, "One Night Only" is performed twice in succession, as differing versions of the song - a soul ballad by the character Effie White and a disco version by her former bandmates Deena Jones & the Dreams - compete on the radio and the pop charts.

Both versions of "One Night Only" appear as one track on the original 1982 "Dreamgirls" Broadway cast album, performed by Jennifer Holliday as Effie and Sheryl Lee Ralph, Loretta Devine, and Deborah Burrell as Deena Jones & the Dreams. "One Night Only" was later covered on album by Elaine Page and Sylvester. Actor Hugh Jackman performed the song while hosting the 2004 Tony Awards ceremony, in a large production number featuring girl groups from the musicals "Caroline, or Change", "Hairspray", and "Little Shop of Horrors".

Releases of the single featured the different versions of the 2006 song.

Dangerously in Love 2

Knowles re-recorded the song for her debut solo album, "Dangerously in Love" (2003), under the title "Dangerously in Love 2". Featuring a modified arrangement and background vocals by Kelly Rowland and Michelle Williams, Knowles's version received a generally positive response from music critics. In the U.S. the song went for radio airplay only and was never released as a single in other countries. No music video exists for the song, though the performance on her DVD "Live at Wembley" was shown frequently on BET.

Knowles frequently performed the song live — often as a prelude to "Crazy in Love" or her live cover of the Jill Scott song "He Loves Me". She performed "Dangerously in Love 2" at the 2004 Grammy Awards, where it won in the category of "Best Female R&B Vocal Performance".

Other versions of the Knowles solo version of the song include an a cappella, an instrumental and the Svella remix.

Green Light

Green Light is an R&B/funk song written by Beyoncé Knowles, Sean Garrett, and Pharrell Williams for Knowles' second solo studio album, "B'Day" (2006). Co-produced by Pharrell and Beyoncé, it was released as fifth UK single on July 30 2007. The Freemasons remix of "Green Light" was on the BBC Radio 1 A-list by July 18 2007.

With the album version of the song being available digitally as soon as the album was released, it debuted on the UK Singles Chart at number 152 after the video aired in July 2007. The album version peaked at number seventy-seven one week before the Freemasons remix became available. Because of heavy radio airplay of the Freemasons remix, as soon as it was available, the song climbed sixty places to number seventeen the following week, and then to number twelve, giving Knowles her eleventh top twenty hit in the UK. "Green Light" became Knowles's highest charting single on downloads alone on the UK Singles Chart without a prominent featured artist. The UK commercial CD single was cancelled at the last minute.

The album version was released in the Netherlands where it debuted on the Dutch Singles Chart at number 30.

Suga Mama

Suga Mama is a song written by Beyoncé Knowles, Rich Harrison, and Makeba, and produced by Knowles and Harrison for Knowles' second solo album, "B'Day" (2006). It features a sample of Jake Wade and the Soul Searchers' song "Searching for Soul", which was written by Chuck Middleton. The music video for the song was released on television in the United Kingdom in April 2007.

The "Suga Mama" music video was released to UK music channels in April 2007. It is black-and-white and was co-directed by Melina and Knowles for the "B'Day Anthology Video Album", which was released the same month; it was one of eight videos shot in two weeks for the album. It begins with Knowles sitting in a chair, wearing men's clothing and smoking a cigar. She gets up and begins to pole dance. The remainder of the video presents Knowles dancing on top of a sugar cube, dancing with backing dancers whose faces are partially concealed, lying in a circle of light and riding a mechanical bull. Knowles said she is meant to "slowly become a woman" during the video, adding "Well, a sexier woman — I'm always a woman."

Knowles rehearsed the pole dancing using two ballet bars, which was when it was decided to add a pole above her head to form an arc. Though Knowles is from Texas, she had never previously been on mechanical bull. There were no problems during warm-ups, but the man operating the bull during the video shoot programmed it to go faster, causing Knowles to fall off when she tried to perform tricks such as lifting up her foot, leaning back and turning around. To minimise the time Knowles spent on the bull, the director shot the sequence at twelve frames per second (see frame rate) and Knowles sang twice as quickly, but it was not until 4:00 a.m. that they completed work.

"Suga Mama" was included on the set list of Knowles's 2007 tour, The Beyoncé Experience, and "The Tennessean" wrote that the song "was even sexier and more gutbucket than on record". A remix of the song features rapper Consequence.

I Got That

"I Got That" is a single by rapper Amil featuring Beyoncé Knowles of Destiny's Child. It was the first single by Beyoncé and also it is currently the last solo single by Amil. Eve makes a cameo appearance in the video.


Jumpin' Jumpin'

"Jumpin', Jumpin'" is a song recorded by Destiny's Child. It was the fourth and final single from the group's second album, "The Writing's on the Wall". The single achieved success in various charts.

Byron Rittenhouse's voice is on the song saying "Uh huh, I ain't worried 'bout my girl a'ight" in response to Beyonce's line "I ain't thinking 'bout my man tonight".

Two official urban remixes for this song exist. One, known as the Nitro remix features rapper Nitro, while the other is known as the So So Def Remix with Lil' Bow Wow, Da Brat and Jermaine Dupri. A video was filmed for the So So Def Remix later. Also, appearing as a second half of the So So Def Remix on the This Is the Remix (Destiny's Child album), Azza's Remix of Jumpin', Jumpin'. This version was a newly recorded version with slower singing and Kelly doing lead on chorus and high notes during break, and one of few remix songs from Writing's On The Wall that Farrah Franklin and Michelle are singing; the other being the WMBA version of the song.

Beyoncé The Ultimate Performer

Beyoncé The Ultimate Performer is a DVD by R&B artist Beyoncé Knowles. It was released in the US on November 24, 2006. It features some of her exclusive footages in France, Japan, United Kingdom, New York among other places during her worldwide tour, the makings and music video.


Fighting Temptation

Fighting Temptation is a single released by R&B singer Beyoncé and female rappers Missy Elliott, MC Lyte, and Free in 2003 to promote the film "The Fighting Temptations", in which Beyoncé has a part. The song is part of the official soundtrack.

As it was released just one month after the second single from Beyoncé's "Dangerously in Love", "Baby Boy", the song did not become a big hit and failed to enter the "Billboard" Hot 100 and other important U.S. charts. However, the single received some attention from European countries, eventually peaking at number thirteen in the Netherlands. The film was also an instant success, mainly due to Beyoncé's success in Europe at that time.



Slaithwaite

Slaithwaite is a large village in the Colne Valley in Kirklees, West Yorkshire, England. It is placed alongside the Colne River.

Slaithwaite has a younger mean population than the rest of England, with a mean age of 38.4, compared to a mean of 39.3 in the rest of England.

Federal Constitutional Court

The Federal Constitutional Court is the supreme constitutional court of Germany. It does not hear ordinary criminal cases. Instead it deals with matters that affect the Constitution of Germany.

The Court is in Karlsruhe. This was to show it was separate from the federal government, first based in Bonn, and other federal bodies such as the German intelligence (BND) based in Munich.

Federal law helps to describe what the court can do, and how it works. Article 20.3 of the "Grundgesetz" says that each the three branches of the government – the parliament, the ministers and the courts – can only do what the constitution allows. The court can decide that acts of all three branches are not allowed by the constitution and prevent them from happening.

There are different reasons the court may find something unconstitutional:

Decisions of the court on material conflicts are applied through a federal law by the Federal Constitutional Court Act (BVerfGG).

The court only hear certain cases:

The court has 16 judges. They are divided into two groups, called senates, of eight judges. The chairman of one senate is also the President of the Court ("Chief Justice"). The chairman of the other senate is the vice president. Most cases are heard by a "chamber" which is three members of one senate. All three judges of the chamber must agree on a decision. A chamber has to use precedent ("past rulings"). If a chamber thinks a precedent should be changed they have to let the case be decided by the Senate as a whole. Similarly, if a Senate thinks a precedent set by the other Senate should be changed precedent of the must ask the "Plenum" (a meeting of all 16 judges).

Decisions by a Senate need an absolute majority of 5 votes (in some cases a two-thirds majority is required, that is, 6 out of 8 votes). The BVerfGG decides which type of cases a senate hears.

Four judges of each senate are elected by the Bundestag. The others are elected by the Bundesrat. Choosing a judge needs a two-thirds majority.

The judges have a 12-year term, but they must retire when reaching the age of 68. A judge must be at least 40 years old and must be a well-trained jurist. Three out of eight members of each Senate must have been a judge of a Federal Supreme Court. Of the other five members of each Senate, most judges have been a professor of law at a university, a public servant or a lawyer.

At the end of their term, most judges retire from public life. One notable exception was Roman Herzog, who was elected Federal President in 1994, shortly before the end of his term as President of the Court.


Kaaba

The Kaaba is a large cuboid-shaped building inside the mosque known as al-Masjid al-Haram in Makkah, Saudi Arabia. Muslims believe that the Kaaba was built by the command of Allah. The Kaaba’s original architecture has remained the same for centuries.

According to Islamic sources, the Kaaba was a place of worship for angels before the creation of men. After the creation of Adam, the Kaaba was built by him. According to Qur'an, it is the first house on Earth.

The Kaaba was buried under the sand by the Noah's flood. After a period of time, it was rebuilt by Prophet Abraham and his son, Prophet Ishmael.The Kaaba was a place of monotheism for centuries. Then Amr bin Luhayy brought an idol to the Kaaba. After that, the Kaaba became a place of pagan belief.

The Kaaba began to be managed by Muslims in 630 AD. Prophet Muhammad removed the idols. Also, the Kaaba was cleaned with sacred water (Zamzam) under his guidance.

The general architecture of the Kaaba remained the same until 1630 because people wanted to keep the original architecture. Only simple repairs and small decorations were made during this long period of time. In 1630, three walls of the Kaaba were heavily damaged by a storm. Then, it was restored by Murad IV, 17th Sultan of the Ottoman Empire. The Kaaba has remained the same after this renovation.

The Kaaba is the holiest place in Islam. Muslims believe that the Kaaba is the House of God (Baitullah). Prophet Mohammed said the Sacred Mosque (Masjid al-Haram) is one of the three most important mosques on the Earth. 

Muslims are required to make a pilgrimage (hajj) once in a lifetime to the Kaaba. As it is the most holy place in Islam, all Muslims pray towards this when they perform the five fardh (necessary acts mentioned in the Qur'an) Salat or prayer. At the end of Hajj season, there is a holiday called Eid al-Adha (English: Festival of Sacrifice).

The Kaaba is a rectangular shaped building. It is 12 m long, 10 m wide, and 15 m high (33 feet x 50 feet x 45 feet).The Kaaba is made of blue-gray granite.

Inside the Kaaba, there are three pillars to support the roof. The floor is made of marble and the ceiling is covered with cloth. Gold and glass decorations are hanging between the pillars.

The Kaaba was first covered by Abu Karab As’ad, in 60 BC approximately. The cover was made of valuable materials, as a symbol of his respect for the Kaaba. After that, the Kaaba has been covered with the most valuable materials, following the tradition of showing respect.

The covers are produced by a factory every year, the factory was established only to produce the cover in 1927. The cover is replaced every year on the eve of Eid Al-Adha by 160 technicians.

The Kaaba’s cover contains Qur'anic verses. It is made of 450kgs of pure silk, and it includes hundreds of pounds of precious metals, 670 kgs of silver dyed black, about 120 kgs of pure gold and 50 kgs of silver. The cost of the cover is USD 4,534,325. The size of the cover is 658 square metres.

Five Pillars of Islam

The Five Pillars of Islam are five basic rules in Islam that all Muslims must follow.

The Five Pillars consist of :

EUX.TV

EUX.TV, or the Europe channel, is an independent digital television station from Brussels that talks about European matters.

http://eux.tv/

Awadhi language

Awadhi is an Indo-Aryan language. This language was spoken in a wide area including Lucknow and Ayoudhya (Awadh) earlier. Goswami Tulasidas wrote Ramcharitmanas, Geetavali, Kavitavali, and all his Shri Ram poems in this language.

Hindi is a much newer language derived on Awadhi.

Westdeutscher Rundfunk

The Westdeutscher Rundfunk (WDR, official "Westdeutscher Rundfunk Köln") is a German public-broadcasting institution based in the Federal State of North Rhine-Westphalia with its main office in Cologne. WDR is a member of the consortium of German public-broadcasting institutions, ARD. The WDR produces the regional television service WDR Fernsehen (formerly known as WDF and West3) and six regional radio channels.


ARD (broadcaster)

ARD is a public broadcaster in Germany. The name is an abbreviation. It stands for "Arbeitsgemeinschaft der öffentlich-rechtlichen Rundfunkanstalten der Bundesrepublik Deutschland". This can be translated as "Consortium of public-law broadcasting institutions of the Federal Republic of Germany". The company is made of different regional broadcasters. It provides one of the two (publicly funded) television programmes in Germany, amongst other programmes. The other publicly funded TV program is called Zweites Deutsches Fernsehen (ZDF, in short).

It was founded in West Germany in 1950. It was made for common interests of the new, de-centralized post-war broadcasting services - in particular, the introduction of a joint television network.

ARD is made of the following regional broadcasters: BR, HR, MDR, NDR, Radio Bremen, RBB, SR, SWR, and WDR, as well as international broadcaster Deutsche Welle.

They make a total of 54 regional and local radio stations and networks, two nationwide radio channels, and seven regional TV networks. During certain parts of the day some of these split even further.

Deutsche Welle

The DW (Deutsche Welle) (until 5 February 2012: Deutsche Welle) is Germany's international broadcaster. It broadcasts news and information on shortwave, Internet and satellite radio in 29 languages (DW (RADIO)).

It has a satellite television service (DW (TV)) that is available in four languages, and there is also DW.DE, a 30-language online news site. "DW", which in English means "German Wave", is similar to international broadcasters such as the BBC World Service, Radio Canada International, Voice of America, and Radio France Internationale.

On 6 February 2012 Deutsche Welle was completely relaunched and now operates only as DW.

Since October 28, 2021, the site of Deutsche Welle can't be opened in Belarus.


Guildford Dudley

Guildford Dudley (1536 - 12 February 1554) was the husband of Lady Jane Grey. He was executed along with Jane on February 12 1554.

Guildford (also spelled as Guilford) was the son of John Dudley, the Earl of Warwick and later Duke of Northumberland and Jane Guildford (that was how he got his unusual name). He was very handsome, but arrogant and selfish because his mother spoiled him ever since he was a child.

In 1553, Guildford was told by his father that he was to marry Lady Jane Grey. Like many other people in the sixteenth century, Guildford complied. However, Jane did not want to marry Guildford because she thought he was rude. Jane only agreed after her parents had beaten and whipped her. 
When Jane became queen, in July 1553, they got into an argument about Guildford becoming king. Guildford claimed than he should be king, but Jane did not believe that Guildford had the qualities to become king. She said she would make him duke, but Guildford was unhappy. Guildford and his mother attempted to leave the Tower of London, but Jane had him brought back. Jane lost the throne on July 19 1553.

At first, Guildford and Jane were allowed to visit each other, but only in the garden. However, for the last few months of their lives, they were not allowed to visit each other anymore.
A few days before their execution, Guildford asked Jane if they could visit one last time, but Jane refused.
On February 12 1554, Guildford was executed and, unlike his wife, he was not very calm when he went to his death. Days before his death, he cried endlessly. However, on the day he was executed, he was calm. At the sight of the block, however, he lost his courage and cried again. He is said to have cried "Pray for me!" many times.


Medical papyri

The medical papyri (or medical papyruses) are a set of ancient Egyptian texts that give background info on medical practices from ancient Egyptian times. The papyri give details on disease, diagnostics, and remedies of disease, which also have traditional methods and with magical spells. 

It is thought there were more medical papyri, but many have been lost due to grave robbing. The largest study of the medical papyri to date has was undertaken by Berlin University and was titled "Medizin der alten Agypter" (Medicine of ancient Egypt).

Early Egyptian medicine was based on a mixture of magic and religious spells. Most commonly "cured" by use of amulets or magical spells, the illnesses were thought to be caused by spiteful acts or actions. Afterwards, doctors did various medical treatments if needed. The instructions for these medical rituals were later inscribed on papyrus scrolls by the priests performing the actions.



Tibetan Book of the Dead

The Tibetan Book of the Dead is a religious text from Tibet, written as a guide for persons attending someone who is dying or recently dead, to bring comfort and " ". It includes prayers, instructions for both dying persons and their attendants, and descriptions of the afterlife. (Roman Catholicism has comparable rituals, called or Last Rites.) The book has been translated into many languages, including English.

In the 1960s, professors Timothy Leary, Ralph Metzner and Richard Alpert (later known as Baba Ram Dass) collaborated on a book titled "", which adapted portions of the "Book of the Dead" as a guide for use in LSD experiences. They hoped to give users of LSD a simulation of death and , to "liberate" them from past problems or mistakes in their lives. Many persons did have positive results from their book. Others pursued it like a , and were not helped or changed for the better.

John Lennon of The Beatles adapted the adaptation in turn, using many of the book's ideas for his song "Tomorrow Never Knows". He later "The Psychedelic Experience", calling it "that stupid book of Leary's," but his song spread its influence. This book has real life experiences between life and death situations.


ChalkZone

ChalkZone is an American children's animated television series. It is about a boy named Rudy. Rudy has a magic chalk. When Rudy draws on the board with the magic chalk, it lets him go to a chalk world called Chalk Zone. Whatever he draws on the chalk board, or in Chalk Zone, comes to life.



Lockheed Martin F-22 Raptor

The F-22 Raptor is a fighter plane made by Lockheed Martin. It first flew in 1990 and entered service in the United States Air Force in 2005. Because it is very expensive and dogfighting isn't common today, there aren't as many of them as other fighter planes. It is a stealth plane, which means it is very hard to see on radar. It can hold 6 radar-guided medium-range AIM-120 AMRAAM missiles and 2 heat-seeking, short-range AIM-9 Sidewinder missiles, but there are other payloads it can hold. Its top speed is 1,500 miles per hour, which is 2.2 times the speed of sound. It features thrust vectoring, where the plane's thrust nozzles turn to help turn it faster. Thrust vectoring is very useful in dogfights.

The F-22 Raptor is a 5th generation fighter and is a very expensive plane to produce. In order to protect the F-22 Raptor's stealth technology and other secrets, the U.S. has not sold the F-22 Raptor to other countries. If they do, they will be export versions and not as powerful as the ones used by the U.S.

Su-57 - Russian counterpart of the F-22.

F-35 - A similar American 5th generation plane, except it is a multirole jet instead of a fighter.

Edom

Edom is a name given to Esau, the brother of Jacob, in the Hebrew Bible. It also means the nation that came from him. The nation's name in Assyrian was Udumi. In Syriac it was '. In Greek, it was ' (Idoumaía). In Latin, it was ' or '.

The Edomite people were a Semitic-speaking tribal people. They lived in the Negev Desert and the Arabah valley. The Arabah valley is now the south of Dead Sea and next to the Jordan. The area has much red sandstone. This may have made the name "Edom". The nation of Edom is known to have existed back to the 8th or 9th century BC. The Bible dates it back several centuries further. Recent archaeological proof may show an Edomite nation as long ago as the 11th century BC. However, people are not completely sure. Others argue that the 8th or 9th century dates are right. The nation stopped being a settled state after the Jewish-Roman Wars.

Hollywood (song)

Hollywood is the fourth single from Jay-Z's ninth studio album "Kingdom Come" (2007). The song features Jay-Z's longtime girlfriend, singer Beyoncé. The song is also featured on Beyoncé's B'Day Deluxe Edition with more of Beyoncé's vocals and less of Jay-Z's under the title "Welcome To Hollywood". 

A video for Jay-Z's album version does not exist but an official video was created for "Welcome to Hollywood" using clips of different Beyoncé videos (much like the "Lose My Breath" megamix on the Destiny's Child Fan Pack II). The video is played as an interlude on Beyoncé's B'Day Tour, The Beyoncé Experience.

Summertime (song)

Summertime is a single released by R&B singer Beyoncé featuring rapper P. Diddy in 2003. The song was the second and final single released to promote the movie "The Fighting Temptations", in which Knowles plays the leading lady. The song is not featured in the movie but is part of the official soundtrack. It first appeared as a B-side to Knowles' 2003 smash hit "Crazy in love".

As it was released just seven days after the third single from Knowles' "Dangerously in Love", "Me, Myself and I", the song did not become a big hit and an official music video was never shot for it. The song however was part of the set list on Knowles' Dangerously in Love World Tour.


Fabaceae

Fabaceae is the systematic name of the plant family that is commonly known as the Pea family. It consists of three subgroups: Caesalpinioideae, Mimosoideae and Papilionoideae (or better Faboideae). In modern systems like APG II this family Fabaceae is closely related to Quillajaceae, Polygalaceae or milkworts (including the families Diclidantheraceae, Moutabeaceae, and Xanthophyllaceae), and Surianaceae.

The leaves are usually alternate and compound, in the Mimosoideae and the Caesalpinioideae commonly bipinnate (e.g. "Acacia", "Mimosa"). In many species the leaves have structures evolved to attract ants, that, being predatory, protect the plant from herbivore insects. Extrafloral nectaries -a gland secreting nectar -are common among the Mimosoideae and the Caesalpinioideae and are also found in some Faboideae (e.g. vetches "Vicia sativa"). Fabaceae are typically entomophilous plants (i.e. they are pollinated by insects) and the flower are usually showy to attract the pollinators.

In the Mimosoideae the flowers are radial symmetric or actinomorphic. In the Caesalpinioideae and Faboideae (see diagram) are most often zygomorphic or bilateral in simmetry.



List of political parties in Germany

This is a list of political parties in Germany.

Germany has a multi-party system. There are two large parties, three smaller parties, and a number of minor parties.

The last federal elections were held in September 2021.

These parties currently have seats in the German parliament, the "Bundestag," sorted by the number of seats:








Federal Convention (Germany)

The Bundesversammlung, or "Federal Convention", is a special federal body in Germany.

It is made up of all of the members of the Bundestag, plus an equal number of delegates elected by the parliaments of the Länder. Those delegates don't have to be memebers of the Länder parliaments; sometimes celebrities are chosen.

The convention usually has for about 1200 members. The only task of the Bundesversammlung is to elect the Federal President.

The Bundesversammlung is called to meet by the President of the Bundestag, and the President of the Bundestag acts as Chairman of the Bundesversammlung.

The Bundesversammlung meets at least thirty days before the end of the Federal President's term of office ends, in order to elect the next president. If the Federal President dies or is impeached, the Bundesversammlung meets within 30 days.

The Bundesversammlung does not hold debates or question any of the candidates for president.
It chooses the next Federal President by an absolute majority vote. If no-one has an absolute majority on the first and second ballot, then they hold a third ballot, and the winner is the person who has the highest number of votes.

Friedrich Ebert

Friedrich Ebert (4 February 1871 in Heidelberg – 28 February 1925 in Berlin) was a German politician. He was apart of the Social Democratic Party (SPD). He was Chancellor of Germany and its first president during the Weimar period.

Ebert was a social democrat. He became leader of the SPD in 1913, when the last leader August Bebel died. He was an important part of the German Revolution of 1918–19, and when Germany became a republic he became the first Chancellor. His goal was to make Germany more peaceful. He did this by putting down the Left-wing and Right-wing revolutions, working with the right-wing Freikorps and the left-wing Trade unionss.

He was Chancellor until he died on 28 February 1925 from Septic Shock. He is praised for helping the Weimar Republic when it had only just been made, but people also say he was wrong for working with the right-wing, and that it helped Adolf Hitler come to power.

Walter Simons

Walter Simons (24 September 1861 in Elberfeld - 14 July 1937 in Nowawes) was a German politician. He was president of the German Supreme Court from 1922 to 1929. After the death of Friedrich Ebert in February 1925 he was the second acting president of the Weimar Republic from 12 March 1925 to 12 May 1925 (the first acting president was Hans Luther) when the next president, Paul von Hindenburg, was elected and assumed office.

Full Moon (album)

Full Moon is the third studio album by R&B singer Brandy Norwood. It contains the hit songs like "What About Us", "Another Day In Paradise" and "Full Moon".

U Don't Know Me (Like U Used To)

U Don't Know Me (Like U Used To) – The Remix EP is the first EP by American R&B singer Brandy Norwood, released in 1999. It was released for promotional use only.

During 1999, her record company, Atlantic Records, released a 9-track remix EP entitled "U Don't Know Me... Like U Used To – The Remix EP". The album contains remix versions with Da Brat, Ma$e, Fat Joe, Big Pun, Darkchild, DJ Premier and many other artists and producers. The album is seen as a maxi-single so the peak positions are the same as the peak positions of the single. The songs on "U Don't Know Me" did not have much success with a peak position of #79 on the U.S. Hot 100, 50 in Canada and 25 in the UK. The album's lead single was "U Don't Know Me (Like U Used To) [Remix]".

The Boy Is Mine

The Boy Is Mine is an R&B song by singers Brandy and Monica. It was written by LaShawn Daniels, Fred Jerkins III, Rodney "Darkchild" Jerkins and Brandy Norwood for Norwood's second studio album "Never Say Never" (1998) but eventually released as the lead single off of both singers' second albums during the second quarter of 1998 (see 1998 in music). Co-produced by Darkchild, Brandy and Dallas Austin, "The Boy Is Mine" has become one of the most successful R&B singles of all time. The song's lyrics tell a story about two women disputing the love of a man and were inspired by Paul McCartney and Michael Jackson's 1982 duet "The Girl Is Mine."

The song was number one on the US "Billboard" Hot 100 for 13 weeks in a row. It finished as the second-best performing song of 1998 on that chart.

ETA (separatist group)

ETA was one of Europe’s most well known and long-running terrorist groups. It was founded in 1959 from what was left of EKIN, another radical Basque separatist group. Both EKIN and ETA were created because of discontent with the moderate nationalism of the main Basque political party, the Basque National Party. ETA committed hundreds of attacks in Spain. It had ties with other terrorist groups both inside and outside the Basque region. These included the Provisional Irish Republican Army and Colombia’s FARC.

Most of ETA’s terror attacks targeted businesses and Spanish government officials, especially members of the security services and the judiciary, but it also targeted civilians. Its most common tactics were bombing and assassination. Its attacks took place mostly in the Basque Country, Madrid and Catalonia. Similar to the IRA, ETA sometimes issued warnings before the attacks.

The group assassinated Admiral Luis Carrero Blanco in December 1973. At the time, Blanco was seen by many as the most likely successor to Spain’s dictator, Francisco Franco. He was killed when an underground bomb exploded underneath his car. More than twenty years later, ETA nearly assassinated Jose Maria Aznar, an opposition politician who later became prime minister. In 1987, ETA killed 21 people in Barcelona using a car bomb.

The status of the Basque homeland changed significantly with the end of Francisco Franco's regime and the return of democracy in 1979. Franco tried to suppress Basque nationalism and separatism. The new democratic government offered significant autonomy to the Basque provinces. In a deal struck in 1980, the Basque region acquired its own parliament similarly to the other regions in Spain. It was also allowed to have its own independent tax legislation. In addition, the language Euskara became more prominent in public culture and education. However, the new autonomous region did not deter the radical separatists that comprised ETA. ETA has committed approximately 900 murders and dozens of kidnappings.

ETA’s activity has changed over the years. The group has attempted several ceasefires, including a 14-month one that lasted until December 1999. While there have been a number of ETA attacks since 2000, the group has claimed fewer victims. It is believed to be shrinking. Spanish officials believe that recent crackdowns have led to a serious weakening of the group and sense that its future as a terrorist organization may be limited. There are more than one hundred suspected ETA members in Spanish prisons today.

ETA has done sporadic attacks, including bombings in September 2004, December 2005, and early 2006. However, these bombings were generally preceded by warnings and did not result in any deaths.

In March 2006, ETA declared a permanent ceasefire and said it would join the political process. The decision may have been linked to the 2004 Madrid train bombings, which killed nearly 200 people. The attack was originally blamed on ETA, though it was soon discovered to be the work of militant Islamists linked to al-Qaeda. Like the IRA, ETA leaders may have felt that the mass casualty terrorism practiced by some radical Islamist groups discredited its violent tactics—though this is not known for certain. ETA had a secretive leadership structure.

In June 2007, ETA declared its March 2006 ceasefire null-and-void. Many had seen ETA’s December 2006 bombing of an airport parking garage as an indication that the truce would not hold. An ETA spokesperson accused the Spanish government of interfering in Basque local elections as well as continuing with the prosecution and conviction of ETA members during the ceasefire. ETA did not officially renounce violence or initiate steps to decommission its weapons (as the IRA did in July 2005) as part of its ceasefire declaration. ETA ceasefires have deteriorated into violence before.

On 20 October 2011, ETA announced publicly the definite cessation of its armed activities. Although it vowed to continue to seek an independent Basque state. It was announced in 2 prominent nationalist newspapers, Gara and Berria.

In May 2018 ETA announced that it was formally disbanding. The move marked the end of a half-century of violence that had claimed the lives of more than 800 people. 

Petr Eben

Petr Eben (Žamberk, 22 January 1929; died Prague 24 October 2007) was a Czech composer and organist. Many musicians think of him as the most important Czech composer of the late 20th century. He was known world wide for his organ playing. He was especially good at improvisation.

Eben grew up in Český Krumlov in south Bohemia. He learned to play the piano, and later the cello and organ. Because his father was a Jew he had to leave school in 1943 and spent the rest of the war years in concentration camp in Buchenwald. In the camp he saw many terrible things, including graves into which the Nazis were throwing lots of murdered Jews. These terrible things influenced his music in later years. He had a strong faith and this helped him to survive during 40 years of living in Czechoslovakia under communist rule.

After the war he went to Prague Academy for Music where he studied the piano with František Rauch and composition with Pavel Bořkovec. In 1955 he got a job as lecturer at Charles University in Prague. He stayed there until 1990. He was the country’s best composer, and he should have had promotion, but the communist politicians did not allow this. He went to church every Sunday with his family. This did not help his career in a communist state.

After the Velvet Revolution in 1989, when his country became free from the Soviet Union, he started to become a national hero. He was made Professor of Composition and president of the Prague Spring Music Festival. Many music festivals performed his compositions, and he traveled to hear the concerts in spite of the fact that he was starting to become ill. His music was often played in England, where he had spent two years as professor of composition at the Royal Northern College of Music in Manchester from 1978 to 1979. In March 2007 the BBC Symphony Orchestra under their Czech conductor Jiří Bělohlávek performed his "Vox Clamantis", a work he had written in 1968 which shows the Czech people’s longing to be free.

Eben continued during his lifetime to develop the style of music in which he wrote. He was interested in Czech folk music and he wrote down many folk songs that he heard in Moravia. He listened to plainchant in church music. All this helped him to develop his own style of composition. He is best-known abroad for his organ music, especially works such as "Musica Dominicalis" ("Sunday Music") which includes a popular piece called "Moto Ostinato". Other organ works include "Faust" (1980), "Job" (1987) and "A Festive Voluntary" which is a set of variations on the tune of "Good King Wenceslas", written for the reopening in 1986 of the organ at Chichester Cathedral which had just been restored. He also wrote a lot of music for orchestra as well as chamber music. He composed some beautiful music for children’s choir, including church music called "Liturgical Songs".

Czech

Czech might mean:


Totalitarianism

Totalitarianism is when regimes (political systems) control all public behavior and as much of private behavior as they can. No elections are held, or if they are, candidates must be approved by the ruling group. Physical force and/or arrests and detentions are used on people who protest against the regime. There are events such as parades or rallies. These suggest to the people that the ruling group is in complete control.

For some, totalitarianism is as old as history. Main examples in modern times are Nazi Germany, Fascist Italy, North Korea, the Soviet Union, and Eritrea. 

There are other countries which had dictatorships, but never reached full totalitarianism. Italian fascism under Benito Mussolini, Spain under General Franco, Portugal under Dr. Salazar, China under Mao Zedong, and many Latin American countries for periods were dictatorships with some aspects of totalitarianism. Some African countries have been dictatorships for long periods (e.g. Zimbabwe). The Empire of Japan (predecessor state of the modern nation state of Japan) was a well-known example of a totalitarian military dictatorship during World War II. The satire "Nineteen Eighty-Four" by George Orwell was about such a society taken to extremes.

According to some, authoritarianism "does not attempt to change the world and human nature". In contrast, a totalitarian regime attempts to control virtually all aspects of the social life, including the economy, education, art, science, private life and morals of citizens.


Gothic metal

Gothic metal is a heavy metal genre. It is fusion of gothic rock, doom metal and death metal.


Lüneburg

Lüneburg is a city in Lower Saxony in north Germany. It is about 50 km southeast of Hamburg. It is the capital of the District of Lüneburg. About 102,660 people live there.

The Ilmenau River, a tributary of the Elbe, flows through Lüneburg.

In the Middle Ages, it was Principality and the town was very rich due to the salt trade. Salt used to be transported along the Old Salt Route to the Baltic Sea from where it was sent by ship to other countries. There were salt mines near the town for a thousand years. Salt mining stopped in 1980. The salt mining caused a lot of deforestation. The countryside changed into heathland which is called the Lüneburger Heide (Lüneburg Heath).

On May 23, 1945, the Nazi war criminal Heinrich Himmler committed suicide in Lüneburg after he had been captured by the British Army. He swallowed a potassium cyanide capsule before his interrogation could begin.

Lüneburg is twinned with Scunthorpe, England.

Paul von Hindenburg

Paul Ludwig Hans Anton von Beneckendorff und von Hindenburg (2 October 1847 – 2 August 1934) was a German field marshal and statesman.

Hindenburg retired from the army in 1911. He rejoined the German army at the start of the First World War. He became famous when he won the Battle of Tannenberg in 1914.

Hindenburg retired again in 1919, but returned to public life one more time in 1925 to be elected as the second President of Germany.

He was 84 years old and in poor health, but deciced to run for re-election in 1932 as the only candidate who could defeat Adolf Hitler, because he saw him as a dangerous extremist. He tried to stop Hitler's and the Nazi Party's rise to power, but Franz von Papen persuaded Hindenburg, that the Conservative elite and the military could control Hitler when he becomes Chancellor of Germany and that the other more dangerous alternative was Communist rule. 

As a result, Hindenburg appointed Hitler as Chancellor on 30 January 1933. But von Papen's belief in controlling Hitler and his assurances to Hindenburg did not happen, because Hitler started to control them and gain more power. In March he signed the Enabling Act of 1933 which gave special powers to Hitler and his government. 

With this act, Hitler became a dictator in the next months, and crushed all opposition and banned all political parties, except the Nazi Party by the summer of 1933. Hindenburg died the next year, after which Hitler declared the office of President vacant and made himself Führer (Head of State and Head of Government) of Germany.

The famous zeppelin "Hindenburg" that was destroyed by fire in 1937 had been named in his honour, as is the causeway joining the island of Sylt to mainland Schleswig-Holstein, the Hindenburgdamm, built during his time in office.

In 1925, Hindenburg had no interest in running for public office. After the first round Admiral Alfred von Tirpitz, one of the leaders of the DNVP, visited Hindenburg and asked him to run.

Hindenburg eventually agreed to run in the second round of the elections as a non-party independent, although he was a conservative. Because he was Germany's greatest war hero, Hindenburg won the election in the second round of voting held on 26 April 1925.

He was helped when the Bavarian People's Party (BVP), switched its support from Marx, the SPD candidate and the Communist Party of Germany (KPD) to did not withdraw its candidate, Ernst Thälmann. If they had their supporters would most likely have voted for the SPD and Hindenburg may not have won.

Hindenburg tried to stay out of day-to-politics, and be a ceremonial president. He liked the monarchy, but took his oath to the Weimar Constitution seriously.

Hindenburg often complained that he missed the quiet of his retirement and, that politics was full of ideas like economics that he did not understand.

His advisers included his son, Oskar, his old army aide General Wilhelm Groener, and General Kurt von Schleicher. The younger Hindenburg served as his father's aide-de-camp and controlled politicians' access to the President.

Schleicher came up with the idea of "Presidential government", and the "25/48/53 formula".

Under a "Presidential" government the chancellor is responsible to the president), and not the Reichstag. The "25/48/53 formula" was the three articles of the Constitution that could make a "Presidential government" possible:

Schleicher's wanted to have Hindenburg appoint a chancellor that Schleicher chose. If that chancellor needed any laws he could use article 48. If the Reichstag should threaten to cancel any of those laws, Hindenburg could threaten a dissolution, and call new elections. Hindenburg did not like the idea, but was pressured into going along with them by his son and his other advisors.

The first try at "presidential government" in 1926–1927 failed for lack of political support. During the winter of 1929–1930, Schleicher had a series of secret meetings with Heinrich Brüning, the leader of the Catholic Center Party ("Zentrum").

Schleicher then set about splitting the "Grand Coalition" government of the Social Democrats and the German People’s Party. As a result, the government fell in March 1930 and Brüning was named Chancellor by Hindenburg.

Brüning's first act was to introduce a budget calling for steep spending cuts and sharp tax increases. When the budget was defeated in July, Brüning had Hindenburg sign the budget as an emergency law under Article 48. When the Reichstag voted to cancel the budget, Brüning had Hindenburg dissolve Reichstag only two years into its mandate, and had the budget passed again by Article 48. The Nazis got 17% of the vote in the September 1930 elections. The Communist Party of Germany also made gains.

Brüning ruled through Article 48; the Social Democrats never voted not to cancel his Article 48 bills in order not to have another election that could only benefit the Nazis and the Communists.

In the first round of the election held in March 1932, Hindenburg was the frontrunner, but did not have an absolute majority. In the runoff election of April 1932, Hindenburg beat Hitler for the Presidency.

After the presidential elections had ended, Schleicher held a series of secret meetings with Hitler in May 1932, and thought that Hitler had agreed to support the new "presidential government" Schleicher was building.

In May 1932 Schleicher had Hindenburg sack Groener as Defence Minister to humiliate both Groener and Brüning. On 31 May 1932, Hindenburg sacked Brüning as Chancellor and replaced him with Schleicher's suggestion, Franz von Papen.

von Papen's government openly wanted to destroy German democracy. Like Brüning's government, von Papen's government was a "presidential government" that governed through the use of Article 48.

As Schleicher wanted, Hindenburg dissolved the Reichstag and set new elections for July 1932. Schleicher and von Papen both believed that the Nazis would win the majority of the seats and would support von Papen's government.

The Nazi party did become the largest party in the Reichstag, and expected Hitler would be Chancellor. When Hindenburg met Hitler on 13 August 1932, in Berlin, Hindenburg rejected Hitler's demands for the Chancellorship.

The minutes of the meeting were kept by Otto Meißner, the Chief of the Presidential Chancellery. According to the minutes:

Hindenburg issued a press release about his meeting with Hitler that seemed to say that Hitler had demanded absolute power and that the President had refused. Hitler was enraged by this press release.

When the Reichstag met in September 1932, its first and only act was to pass a massive vote of no-confidence in von Papen’s government. In response, von Papen had Hindenburg dissolve the Reichstag for elections in November 1932. In the 1949 constitution, a vote of no confidence must be accompanied by the election of a new chancellor, so this could not happen.

In the second Reichstag elections of 1932 the Nazis lost some support, but stayed the largest party in the Reichstag. There ensued another round of talks between Hindenburg, von Papen, von Schleicher on the one hand and Hitler and the other Nazi leaders on the other.

Hitler still demanded that Hindenburg give him the Chancellorship. Hindenburg could not accept this, so von Papen suggested Hindenburg declare martial law and do away with democracy.

Von Papen got Oscar Hindenburg to support the plan, and they persuaded the president to ignore his oath to the Constitution and go along with this plan. Schleicher saw von Papen as a threat so he blocked the martial law plan by saying it would make the Nazi SA and the Communist Red Front Fighters rebel, and that the Poles would invade and the Reichswehr would be unable to cope.

Hindenburg hated the idea of Hitler as Chancellor, but under pressure from Meißner, von Papen and Oskar Hindenburg the President decided to appoint Hitler Chancellor. On the morning of 30 January 1933, Hindenburg swore Hitler in as Chancellor at the Presidential Palace.

Hindenburg played key role in the Nazi "Machtergreifung" (Seizure of Power) in 1933. He was not involved in the planning, but did not stop Hitler. In the "Government of National Concentration" headed by Hitler, the Nazis were in the minority. Most of the ministers were from the von Papen and von Schleicher governments. Besides Hitler, the only other Nazi ministers were Hermann Göring and Wilhelm Frick.

Hindenburg thought that the Nazis' power was limited, especially as his favourite politician, von Papen, was the Vice-Chancellor and the Reich Commissioner for Prussia.

Hitler's first act as Chancellor was to ask Hindenburg to dissolve the Reichstag so that the Nazis and D.N.V.P. could increase their number of seats, Hindenburg agreed.

In early February 1933, von Papen had an Article 48 bill signed into law that limited the freedom of press. After the Reichstag fire, Hindenburg signed into law the "Reichstag Fire Decree".

At the opening of the new "Reichstag" on 21 March 1933, at the Kroll Opera House, the Nazis staged an elaborate ceremony, in which Hindenburg played the leading part, that was meant to mark the continuity between the Prussian-German tradition and the new Nazi state.

The ceremony at the Kroll Opera House had the effect of reassuring many Germans, especially conservative Germans, that life would be fine under the new regime. On 23 March 1933, Hindenburg signed the Enabling Act into law.

Hindenburg was still very popular, but his health was getting worse. The Nazis made sure that whenever Hindenburg did appear in public Hitler was with him, and that Hitler was always very respectful to the President. The Nazi propagandists hoped people would think Hindenburg liked Hitler, and Hitler would become more popular, but privately Hitler and Hindenburg disliked and distrusted each other.

The only time Hindenburg ever tried to stop a Nazi bill was in early April 1933. The Reichstag had passed a "Law for the Restoration of the Professional Civil Service". This said that all Jewish civil servants working for the "Reich", the "Länder", or the local districts should be sacked immediately.

Hindenburg refused to sign this bill into law unless all Jewish veterans of World War I, Jewish civil servants who served in the civil service during the war and those Jewish civil servants whose fathers were veterans were allowed to stay in office. Hitler agreed, in order to get the law signed, even though he believed that the Jews had tried to undermine Germany during the Great War. It was Hindenburg who said that Germany lost the First World War because of politicians and others "stabbing the Army in the back". Hindenburg did not believe the story. He said it so that his wartime deputy Erich von Ludendorff would not write bad things in his memoirs. But Hitler did believe the story, and used it to gain power.

Hindenburg stayed president until he died from lung cancer at his home in "Neudeck", East Prussia on 2 August 1934.

One day before Hindenburg's death, Hitler flew to "Neudeck" and visited him. Hindenburg, old and senile, thought he was meeting Kaiser Wilhelm II, and called Hitler "Your Majesty".

He would be Germany's last president until 1945, when Karl Dönitz was appointed president in Hitler's last will. Following Hindenburg's death, Hitler declared the office of President to be permanently vacant, effectively merging it with the office of Chancellor under the title of Leader and Chancellor ("Führer und Reichskanzler"), making himself Germany's Head of State and Head of government.

Hindenburg was buried in the Tannenberg Memorial near Tannenberg, East Prussia (today: Stębark, Poland). But Hindenburg always said he wanted to be buried next to his wife, whose body was taken from the cemetery and buried beside him in the Tannenberg Memorial. In 1945, German troops removed his and his wife's coffins, to save them from the approaching Soviet troops, and blew up the memorial with explosives. They were transported to Speyer and were buried in the Speyer Cathedral.



Sharon Osbourne

Sharon Rachel Osbourne ( Levy; born 9 October 1952) is a British-American music manager, television personality, and talent show judge. Osbourne first became famous on "The Osbournes" which was a reality show that showed Osbourne and her family in their daily lives. 

Sharon was born at Westminster Hospital in London, She is youngest child of Don Arden and Hope Shaw, She have a one brother David. 

She has also been a judge on the talent shows "The X Factor" and "America's Got Talent". Her autobiography, "Extreme", which Osbourne wrote about her life, was very successful and has sold 2 million copies.

She has recovered from colorectal cancer. She is married to the rock singer Ozzy Osbourne and she has three children with him named Kelly Osbourne, Jack Osbourne and Aimee Osbourne.


Full Moon

Full Moon may refer to:


Summertime

Summertime means a time in Summer, one of the temperate seasons, and it could also mean: 

In music:

In movie, television, and theatre:

In timekeeping:

Listen

Listen could mean:



Cy Young

Denton True "Cy" Young (March 29, 1867 – November 4, 1955) was an American baseball player. He was a pitcher for five different professional baseball teams from 1890 to 1911. He set many pitching records during his 22-year career in Major League Baseball (MLB), some of which have stood for 100 years. When Young retired from baseball, he had won a total of 511 games in his career, the most in MLB history and 94 more wins than Walter Johnson, who is second on the list.

In 1956, the MLB created the Cy Young Award. The award is given each year to the pitcher who is voted the most effective in each of the two leagues. Young was voted into the Baseball Hall of Fame in 1939. During his professional career, Young won 30 or more games in a season five times, with ten other seasons of 20+ wins. He also pitched three no-hitters, including the first perfect game of baseball's "modern era."

In addition to wins, Young holds the MLB records for most career innings pitched (7,355), most career games started (815), and most complete games (749). He also retired with 316 losses, the most in MLB history (the only other pitcher with more than 300 career losses was Pud Galvin). Young also had 76 career shutouts, the fourth most in history.

In 1999, 88 years after his final Major League appearance and 44 years after his death, editors at "The Sporting News" ranked Cy Young 14th on their list of "Baseball's 100 Greatest Players". That same year, baseball fans named Young to the Major League Baseball All-Century Team.

Young was born in Gilmore, Ohio, a farming community in eastern Ohio. Young went by the name "Dent Young" in his early years.
He was raised on a farm and was sometimes called "Farmer Young" and "Farmboy Young". Young stopped going to school after he finished 6th grade.

Young began his professional career in 1889 with the Canton, Ohio team of the Tri-State League, a professional minor league. The catcher who warmed up Young gave him the nickname "Cyclone" because of the speed of his fastball. Reporters then shortened the name to "Cy". "Cy" became the nickname which he used the rest of his life.

In 1890, Young signed for $500 with the Cleveland Spiders, which had moved up from the American Association to the National League the previous year.

Two years later, the National League moved the pitcher's mound from away from the home plate (where it had been since 1881) to . In the book "The Neyer/James Guide to Pitchers", sports journalist Rob Neyer wrote that the reason for the move was that pitchers like Cy Young, Amos Rusie, and Jouett Meekin threw too fast at the shorter distance.

On September 18, 1897, Young pitched the first no-hitter of his career in a game against the Cincinnati Reds. Although Young did not walk a batter, the Spiders committed four errors while on defense.

Before the 1899 season, Frank Robison, the owner of the Spiders, bought the St. Louis Browns, thus owning two clubs at the same time. Just weeks before the start of the season, most of the better Spiders players were transferred to St. Louis, including three future Hall of Famers: Young, Jesse Burkett and Bobby Wallace. Despite the changes in the team members, St. Louis finished fifth in both 1899 and 1900. The Spiders lost 134 games, the most in MLB history, before folding.

In 1901, Young left St. Louis and joined the American League's Boston Americans for a $3,500 contract. Young stayed with the Boston team until 1909.

Young was traded back to Cleveland before the 1909 season, this time to the Cleveland Naps of the American League. He split 1911, his final year, between the Naps and the Boston Rustlers.

On September 22, 1911, Young shut out the Pittsburgh Pirates and their pitcher Babe Adams 1-0, for his last career win. However, two weeks later, Young's 906th and final game ended badly: the last eight batters of Young's career combined to hit a triple, four singles and three doubles.

Young retired after the 1911 season with 511 career wins. His win total set the record for most career wins by a pitcher. At the time, Pud Galvin had the second most career wins with 364. Walter Johnson, then in his fourth season, finished his career with 417 wins and is now second on the list. However, Johnson broke Young's career record for strikeouts.

Cy Young's career is seen as a bridge from baseball's earliest days to its modern era. When Young's career began, pitchers delivered the baseball underhand and fouls were not counted as strikes. The pitcher's mound was not moved back to its present position of 60 feet, six inches until Young's fourth season. He did not wear a glove until his sixth.

Particularly after his fastball slowed, Young's success relied upon his great control. Young said:

By habit, Young restricted his practice throws in spring training. "I figured the old arm had just so many throws in it," said Young, "and there wasn't any use wasting them." Young once described his approach before a game:
Young also said that his offseason farming chores, including wood chopping, kept his pitching arm in good shape until he was 44. Even at the time of his retirement, his arm was healthy, but Young had gained weight and was unable to field his position anymore. In three of his last four years, he was the oldest player in the league.

The first Cy Young Award was voted on in 1956, and was given to Brooklyn's Don Newcombe. Originally, it was a single award covering the whole of baseball. The honor was divided into two Cy Young Awards in 1967, one for each league.

Young was saluted in the poem "Lineup for Yesterday" by Ogden Nash:
"Y is for Young," 
"The magnificent Cy;" 
"People batted against him," 
"But I never knew why."

Arabic alphabet

The Arabic alphabet is an abjad that is used to write several languages of the Middle East such as Arabic, Persian, Pashto and Urdu. The script is the third most widely used script in the world, after the Latin and Chinese scripts.

The script is written from right to left. When it is used to write the Arabic language, the script has 28 different letters. Usually only consonants are written in an abjad. Vowels are omitted most of the time. The Arabic script is a cursive script. This means that letters of a word are joined together, both in handwriting and in print. Each letter can have up to four different forms. Which of the forms is used depends on the letters before and after it. There is no different form for uppercase letters and lowercase letters. 

There are two basic modern variants of the Arabic script. One is called Naskh, it is the one commonly used for printing. The most common script in everyday life is called Kufic, after the city Kufa, in Iraq, where it was developed. There are several variants of both scripts.

The alphabet can also be used to write numbers, which was common in the Middle Ages. They are less used today and usually replaced by Latin-alphabet ("Arabic") numbers. 

When the alphabet is used to write numbers, ' () is 1, ' () is 2, "" () is 3 and so on. That is sometimes used to produce chronograms in which specific letters, interpreted as numerals, stand for a particular date when they are rearranged.

For dictionaries, it is necessary to put the letters into a predetermined sequence, which is usually called sort order, or alphabetical order. The Arabic script has two sort orders: The one, "abjid", derives from the position of the letters in the Phoenician alphabet. The other, "hijā," sorts letters by similarity of shape.

As Islam spread throughout the Middle East, North Africa, and Asia, Arabic spread along with it. Islam requires its followers to learn Arabic because it states that Gabriel (Jibril) spoke the words of Allah to Muhammad in Arabic. The language is used for Muslim rituals such as prayer and the reciting of Quranic verses. As Arabic spread, the Quran's script also spread. It replaced the Pahlavi writing system as Islam conquered Persia.

Another alphabet, the Uighur alphabet, was based on the shapes of Arabic letters. However, the Uighur alphabet always has vowel letters, unlike in Arabic.

After the fall of the Ottoman Empire during the First World War, use of the Arabic language and alphabet, became less common in the Muslim world. The Turkic states and other Muslim-majority states controlled by the Soviet Union did not favour Arabic script. In 1928, Turkey passed a law that banned the use of the Arabic alphabet for writing Turkish, which is now written with the Latin alphabet. 

Around the same time, the Soviet Union created a Latin alphabet for the Central Asian states that it occupied: Azerbaijan, Kazakhstan, Turkmenistan, Uzbekistan, Kyrgyzstan, and Tajikistan. The decision to replace the Arabic alphabet was mostly to remove religious influence in Central Asia and to modernise the region. For a time, Soviet leaders, including Vladimir Lenin, believed the Latin alphabet was the "world alphabet" because it was the writing system of most developed countries. However, the Soviet Union then required the Central Asian states to write only in the Cyrillic script. That was to influence local cultures and languages to become more like those of Russia. 

After the Dissolution of the Soviet Union, none of the Central Asian nations returned to using the Arabic alphabet. They either kept using the Cyrillic, like Kazakhstan and Kyrgyzstan, or adopted a new Latin alphabet, like Azerbaijan. Only Tajikistan is considering switching back to using the Arabic alphabet. Tajik was once a dialect of Persian.

In Southeast Asia, Malaysia, Indonesia, Singapore, and Brunei have adopted for Malay the Latin alphabet, which is called "Rumi" in Malay. The British and Dutch colonialists introduced the Latin alphabet. The Arabic alphabet ("Jawi" in Malay) is still used in Malaysia but much less than Rumi. Brunei is the only Southeast Asian country in which both the Latin and Arabic alphabets are co-official.


Brandenburg Gate

The Brandenburg Gate () is a structure in Berlin, Germany. It is the only remaining gate through which people used to enter Berlin. It was built between 1788 and 1791. It is located between the Platz des 18. März and the Pariser Platz. Nearby to the north is the Reichstag building. During the Cold War, the Reichstag was in West Berlin, and the Brandenburger Tor in East Berlin.

The Brandenburg Gate has twelve columns, six on the entrance side and six on the exit. The columns form five roadways, citizens originally were allowed to use only the outer two. This is rather like Admiralty Arch in London, the central roadway is reserved so that royal and important traffic is not delayed. On top of the gate is the Quadriga. This is Viktoria, the goddess of victory driving a Quadriga, a type of horse-drawn chariot.

After 1806, when Prussia was defeated at the Battle of Jena-Auerstedt, Napoleon stole the Quadriga and took it to Paris. When Napoleon was beaten in 1814 Prussian General Ernst von Pfuel occupied Pais and took the Quadriga back to Berlin, the olive wreath was changed to an Iron Cross. The Goddess Viktoria became Nike, goddess of victory.

When the Nazis came to power, they used the Gate as their symbol. The Gate was damaged but not destroyed during World War II. The governments of East Berlin and West Berlin restored it but it was closed when the Berlin Wall was built in 1961. The gate was in the middle of the death strip.

In 1963, U.S. President John F. Kennedy visited the Brandenburg Gate. The Soviets hung large banners across it to prevent him from looking into the East. In the 1980s West Berlin mayor Richard von Weizsäcker said: 

In 1987, U.S. President Ronald Reagan gave his famous speech "Tear down this wall!" outside of the gate.

Von Weizsäcker was the President of Germany at the reunification.

The Gate then symbolized the freedom to unite the City of Berlin. On the 22nd of December 1989, the Brandenburg Gate re-opened when Helmut Kohl, the West German Chancellor, walked through to be greeted by Hans Modrow, the East German Prime Minister.

On December 21, 2000, the Brandenburg Gate was privately refurbished at a cost of US$3 million.


Languages of the Caucasus

The languages of the Caucasus are languages spoken by more than ten million people in the Caucasus region of Eastern Europe and Western Asia, between the Black Sea and the Caspian Sea.

Some of those language families have no known members outside the Caucasus area. The term Caucasian languages can mean only these families or all languages historically spoken in that area.


Lake Urmia

Lake Urmia () is a salt lake in northwest of Iran. It is in the provinces of East Azarbaijan and West Azarbaijan, and is southwest of the close shaped Caspian Sea. It was the largest lake inside Iran, and the second biggest salt lake of the world. It was the largest lake in the Middle East.

The location of Lake Urmia is at . It has a surface area of about 5,200 km² (2,000 mile²). At its biggest extent, it is about 140 km (87 miles) long, and 55 km (34 miles) wide. Its deepest point is approximately 16 m (52 ft) deep. It receives water from thirteen rivers coming from the near mountains, and it has no output.

Lake Urmia lies between West Azarbaijan and East Azarbaijan provinces. Tabriz is the biggest city to its east, and Urmia is the biggest city to its west. The shortest way between these cities is to go round the lake. In 1970s a project was started to create a bridge across the lake. This project was canceled when Islamic Revolution happened in 1979. However, the project was started again in 2000s; it is planned to be finished by the end of 2007.

The lake has a very salty water. The concentration of salt is different in each season of the year; it may be 26-28% in the late Autumn.

Lake Urmia is getting smaller and smaller each year. This is because the rivers which bring water to it have become smaller.

This lake was historically named Chaychast (Persian: چیچست). Later, it was named "Urmia" by the Assyrian people. The word "Urmia" consists of two parts: "ur" means city and "mia" means water. "Urmia" was the name given to the city of Urmia, which is near this lake. The lake was then named Lake Urmia, after the name given to the city. In the early years of the 20th century, it was named "Rezaiyeh Lake" after the name of Reza Pahlavi, the king of Iran. After the Islamic Revolution, its name was changed back to "Urmia Lake".

Different creatures live inside or near this lake, including some species of shrimps, amphibians and birds like flamingos and pelicans.

Urmia Lake has shallow borders with lots of mud. Different creatures live inside the mud, including frogs, snails and worms. The mud is said to have good effects in treatment of some diseases of the joints.

Lake Urmia has 102 islands. Their names are as follows :

Aram, Arash, Ardeshir, Arezu, Ashk, Ashk-Sar, Ashku, Atash, Azar, Azin, Bahram, Bard, Bardak, Bardin, Bastvar, Bon, Bon-Ashk, Borz, Borzin, Borzu, Chak-Tappeh, Cheshmeh-Kenar, Dey, Espir, Espirak, Espiro, Garivak, Giv, Golgun, Gordeh, Gorz, Iran-Nezhad, Jodarreh, Jovin, Jowzar, Kabudan, Kafchehnok, Kakayi-e Bala, Kakayi-ye Miyaneh, Kakayi-e Pain, Kalsang, Kam, Kaman, Kameh, Kariveh, Karkas, Kaveh, Kazem-Dashi, Kenarak, Khersak, Kuchek-Tappeh, Magh, Mahdis, Mahvar, Markid, Mehr, Mehran, Mehrdad, Meshkin, Meydan, Miyaneh, Nadid, Nahan, Nahid, Nahoft, Nakhoda, Navi, Naviyan, Omid, Panah, Penhan, Pishva, Sahran, Samani, Sangan, Sangu, Sarijeh, Sepid, Shabdiz, Shahi (Eslami), Shahin, Shamshiran, Shur-Tappeh, Shush-Tappeh, Siyavash, Siyah-Sang, Siyah-Tappeh, Sorkh, Sorush, Tak, Takht, Takhtan, Tanjeh, Tanjak, Tashbal, Tir, Tus, Zagh, Zar-Kaman, Zarkanak, Zar-Tappeh, Zirabeh.



Giuseppe Piazzi

Giuseppe Piazzi (July 7, 1746 – July 22, 1826) was an Italian astronomer who was famous for discovering the asteroid, now dwarf planet "Ceres".

Vesta (mythology)

Vesta was the virgin goddess of the hearth, home, and family in Roman mythology. She rarely appeared in art, as her presence was symbolized by the sacred fire that burned at her temple. The temple was forbidden to all except her priestesses, the Vestal Virgins. The Roman equivalent of the Greek Hestia, Vesta was seen to protect everything that was most important to people's survival. She was not a central figure of many myths. The lack of an easy source of fire in the early Roman community placed a special premium on the ever-burning hearth fire, both publicly and privately maintained; thus, from the earliest times Vesta was assured of a prominent place in both family and state worship. Her worship was observed in every household along with that of the Penates and the Lares, and her image was sometimes encountered in the household shrine.(1) 

The state worship of Vesta was much more elaborate. Her sanctuary was traditionally a circular building, in imitation of the early Italian round hut and symbolic of the public hearth. The Temple of Vesta in the Roman Forum was of great antiquity and underwent many restorations and rebuildings in both republican and imperial times. There burned the perpetual fire of the public hearth attended by the Vestal Virgins. This fire was officially extinguished and renewed annually on March 1 (originally the Roman new year), and its extinction at any other time, either accidentally or not, was regarded as a portent of disaster to Rome.(2)

The asteroid 4 Vesta is named for her.

References(sorry...on my cell, someone else will have to tidy up...
For (1) & (2) Britannica.com
Heinrich Wilhelm Olbers

Heinrich Wilhelm Matthäus Olbers (October 11, 1758–March 2, 1840) was a German astronomer, physician and physicist.


Minstrel

A minstrel was a composer of the medieval time period. Other names for them are minnesinger, troubadour and trouvere. A minstrel was also a name for black musicians in America of the 19th century and white musicians who appeared in blackface.

Gnathostomata

Gnathostomata is the group of vertebrates with jaws.

The group was meant to include all jawed fish, but in modern fashion it also includes all the tetrapods as well, since they evolved from jawed fish. It is the sister group of the Agnatha, the jawless vertebrates.

The Gnathostomata first appeared in the Ordovician period and became diverse in the Devonian period, the 'Age of Fishes'. Land vertebrates appeared in the Carboniferous period.


Niger River

The Niger River is the main river of western Africa. It is over 4180 km (2500 miles) long. 

The river has a crescent shape and it goes through Guinea, Mali, Niger, on the border with Benin and then through Nigeria. Finally, it reaches the sea at a large delta, called the Niger Delta. This part of the Atlantic Ocean is called the Gulf of Guinea. The Niger is the third-longest river in Africa. Only the Nile and the Congo are longer. Its main tributary is the Benue River.

No-one knows the origin of the name Niger. Many people think that it comes from the Latin word for "black", "niger", but there is no evidence for this, and Portuguese explorers would probably have used their own word ("negro") on their maps. Also, the Niger is not a blackwater river (see Rio Negro). Some people think that 'black' may mean the color of the people in this area, but this did not happen with any other river in Africa.

Therefore, most people think the name is from the original people of the area in the middle of the river where early European maps used the name "Quorra". One possibility is the Tuareg phrase "gher n gheren" "river of rivers", shortened to "ngher" or "niger", from the middle of the river near Timbuktu.

The Tabula Peutingeriana says "Flumen Girin" (River Girin) and "Hoc flumen quidam Grin vocant, alii Nilum appellant dicint enim sub terra Etyopium in Nilum ire Lacum.", which means "This river which some are naming Grin is called Nile by others and is thought to flow under the ground of Ethiopia (i.e. modern Africa) into the Nile Lake."

Nigeria and Niger take their names from the river. The people who live beside the river have many names for it, such as "Jeliba" or "Joliba" ("great river" in Manding), "Isa Ber" ("big river" in Songhay), "Oya," (a Yoruba River Niger goddess), and "Kworra" or "Quorra." The last name was the name that Europeans used for the lower part of the river before they knew that the upper and lower parts were connected.

The Niger River is quite a clear river. It has only 10% as much sediment as the Nile because the Niger's source is in very old rocks that have little silt. Like the Nile, the Niger River has a flood every year; this starts in September, becomes strongest in November, and finishes by May.

An unusual feature of the river is the Niger Inland Delta. This forms where the river suddenly becomes less steep. This makes a region of connected streams, marshes, and lakes over an amount of land the same size as Belgium. The yearly floods make the delta very good for fishing and farming.

The Niger takes an unusual route. It is a boomerang shape and this confused Europeans for 2000 years. Its source is only 240 km (150 miles) from the Atlantic Ocean, but the river flows away from the sea into the Sahara Desert, then turns near the ancient city of Timbuktu (Tombouctou). From here, it goes southeast to the Gulf of Guinea.

Ancient Romans thought that the river near Timbuktu was part of the Nile River and Ibn Battuta had the same opinion. Early 17th-century European explorers thought that it flowed west and joined the Sénégal River. Many local people probably knew the real route, but Europeans only knew it in the late 19th century, when it was mentioned in the book "Travels in the Interior of Africa" by the Scottish explorer Mungo Park. This unusual route happened because the Niger River is two ancient rivers which are joined together. The upper Niger, from the source, past Timbuktu, to the bend in the river, used to empty into a lake, but the lake has now gone. However, the lower Niger started in hills near the lake and flowed south into the Gulf of Guinea. The Sahara Desert dried up in 4000-1000 BC, and the two rivers changed their routes and they joined (some people disagree, but most people think this is true).

The northern part of the river, which is called the "Niger bend", is important because it is the Sahara Desert's closest big river. Therefore, trade across the west of the Sahara came here, and it became the center of the Sahelian kingdoms of Mali and Gao.




Flag of Mali

The flag of Mali has three equal vertical stripes. Starting from the flagpole, the colours are green, gold, and red, which are part of the .

The flag became official on March 1, 1961. The original flag became official on April 4, 1959, when Mali joined the Mali Federation. This flag was the same, but the golden stripe had a human "stick figure", called a "kanaga", in black, with its arms pointing to the sky. The figure was removed because of an Islamic belief against making pictures of humans. (Mali is about 95% Muslim.) 

Coat of arms of Mali

On 20 October, 1973, the coat of arms of the Republic of Mali was made. The motto of the Republic of Mali is "Un Peuple, Un But, Une Foi" (One People, One Goal, One Faith).

The coat of arms of the Republic of Mali is a circle. There is a light blue background:

Pour l'Afrique et pour toi, Mali

"Pour l'Afrique et pour toi" (French: "For Africa and for you, Mali") is the national song of Mali. Seydou Badian Kouyate wrote the words and Banzoumana Sissoko wrote the music. It became Mali's national song in 1962 and it is a normal song of love of the country. It is about how the people of Mali would sacrifice their lives for their nation and for freedom. A common theme in the song is wanting to unite Africa. The chorus is written below:

List of heads of state of Mali

This is a list of heads of state of Mali since the country gained independence from France in 1960 to the present day.

A total of six people have served as head of state of Mali (not counting one Acting President). Additionally, one person, Amadou Toumani Touré, has served on two non-consecutive occasions.

The office has been vacant since Bah N'Daw was removed from office in a coup.

List of prime ministers of Mali

This is a list of prime ministers of Mali since the country gained independence from France in 1960 to the present day.


French Sudan

French Sudan (Fr.: "Soudan") was a colony in French West Africa in actual Mali.
It existed at two separate times. The first time was from 1890 to 1899, and the second was from 1920 to 1960. In 1960 it became the independent nation of Mali.

It was created as a French territory on September 9, 1880 and its name was "Upper Senegal". 

The name changed to the "French Sudan Territory" on August 18, 1890, and its capital was Kayes. On October 10, 1899, French Sudan was broken into pieces: 11 southern provinces became part of French Guinea, Côte d'Ivoire and Dahomey. However, two provinces were returned in 1900.

In 1902 the parts of the colony which were not organised into military districts became Senegambia and Niger, then the name changed to Upper Senegal and Niger in 1904. Finally, the old name of French Sudan returned in a reorganisation in 1920.

In 1933, Upper Volta stopped existing (It began again in 1947.) and French Sudan gained some of its provinces.

After the October 4, 1958 French vote about the constitution, the "République Soudanaise" joined the French Community, again with the name French Sudan, and it gained complete domestic control on 25 November, 1958.

On April 4, 1959, French Sudan was joined with Senegal to form the Mali Federation. This became fully independent but still inside the French Community on June 20, 1960. This union finished on August 20, 1960, when Senegal left. On 22 September, French Sudan changed its name to the Republic of Mali and left the French Community.

Cunnilingus

Cunnilingus is when a man or another woman has oral sex with a woman. He (or she) licks her sex organs with his (or her) lips and tongue. The word comes from a Latin word for the vulva ("cunnus") and from the Latin word for tongue ("lingua").

The clitoris is the main part of the woman's sex organs that brings the most feeling. Often, a woman reaches an orgasm during cunnilingus.

In the past, some thought cunnilingus to be taboo (bad). People in some countries still think of it as taboo. However, many people in western and other cultures have oral sex.

Agnatha

The Agnatha is a superclass of fish. It is paraphyletic. This means it is a convenient catch-all term, which does not follow the rules of cladistics. 

For example, most extinct agnathans belong to the stem group (ancestral group) of gnathostomes. But according to the rules, one sister group should not contain ancestors of another sister group. 

The living Agnatha (lampreys and hagfish) are known as cyclostomes. Recent molecular data from rRNA, and from mtDNA, show that these living agnathans are monophyletic. There are about 100 species. Hagfish are vertebrates but do not have vertebrae. It is believed that they lost their vertebrae during their lifestyle adaptations.

The lifestyle of the lamprey (an ectoparasite on other fish) and hagfish (a scavenger) means that they are not typical of the fossil groups, which were free-swimming and often armoured.


Agnathans do not have jaws, and have a cartilaginous skeleton. There is a notochord in both larvae and adults. They do not have paired fins. They have seven or more paired gill pouches.

Agnatha have no identifiable stomach and are cold-blooded. The heart is simple, with two chambers.

There is a light-sensitive pineal eye. Fertilization and development of young are both outside the body, and there is no parental care.

The oldest fossil agnathans are found in Cambrian deposits.

Many Ordovician, Silurian, and Devonian agnathans were armoured with heavy bony-spiky plates. The first armoured agnathans were the Ostracoderms ("shell-skinned"). By the upper Silurian the agnathans had reached the high point of their evolution. They declined in the Devonian and never recovered.

Henry Cavendish

Henry Cavendish FRS (10 October 1731-24 February 1810) was a British scientist. He is famous for discovering hydrogen. Cavendish measured the Earth's mass, density and gravitational constant with the Cavendish experiment. He studied at Peterhouse, which is part of the University of Cambridge, but he left without graduating.

He built a laboratory in his father's house in London, where he worked for nearly fifty years, but he only published about 20 scientific papers. Even so, he is regarded as one of the greatest scientists of his time.

Cavendish claimed that the force between the two electrical objects gets smaller as they get further apart. If the distance between them doubled, the force would be one quarter what it was before. This was the basis of the inverse-square law. He explained the concept of electric potential, which he called "the degree of electrification". He developed the thought of all points on a good conductor's surface have the same potential energy beside a common reference point. Having no way to measure electric current, he used his body as a machine which measures strength of electric current. All Cavendish's explorations in his notebook was found and confirmed by James Clerk Maxwell.

Cavendish’s electrical papers from the "Philosophical Transactions of the Royal Society of London" have been reprinted, together with most of his electrical manuscripts, in "The Scientific Papers of the Honourable Henry Cavendish, F.R.S." (1921).

Ornamentation (music)

In music, ornaments are notes which are added to the main notes of a piece of music in order to make it more interesting. There are several types of ornaments, including trills and slides. Music of the Renaissance and Baroque periods have lots of ornaments. The composer usually shows what ornaments are needed by little signs written above the notes. In some pieces, especially in slow movements, the composers often did not show the ornaments that are needed: they expected the performers to put them in themselves. Understanding the correct way of ornamenting music used to be a very important part of the art of singing or playing a musical instrument.

The correct way of ornamenting music varied a lot from one country to another and from one century to another. Ideas about how music should be performed kept changing. It is important for musicians today, who want to play music from these older periods, to know as much as possible about historical musical styles. Sometimes we have to make guesses about what a composer might have wanted. Fortunately several composers and music theorists wrote books about how to play ornaments. This enables us to understand the different performing styles. Sometimes composers wrote a preface (introduction) in their music to explain to the performer how to play the ornaments they had written.

There are different kinds of ornaments. A “grace note” is a note written in smaller print, to show that its note value (how long it lasts) does not count as part of the total time value of the measure. 

In Spain, these ornaments were called "diferenzias". They were used as early as the 16th century, when the first books with music for the guitar were produced. In French music they were called "agréments".

Ornaments were still written in music from the Classical music period although they are gradually used less and less as composers started to write precisely all the notes that were to be played. By the Romantic period they were hardly being used except for “tr” meaning “trill”.

A trill is a quick alternation between the main note and the note above it. It was also known as a "shake". Usually, if the music was written before 1800 the trill is played by starting a note above the written note. If the music was written after 1800 then the trill is usually played by starting on the note written and going up to the note above. This was not, of course, a firm rule: changes in performance style happened gradually. 

Sometimes the trill ends with a turn (the note above, the main note, the note below, the main note).

The trill is shown in musical notation by either a formula_1 or a formula_1~~, with the ~ representing the length of the trill, above the staff.

The mordent is like a very short trill, usually just the main note, the note above, and the main note again. If the middle note is the note below, this is called an “inverted mordent” or “lower mordent”. 

The upper mordent is indicated by a short squiggle (which may also indicate a trill); the lower mordent is the same with a short vertical line through it:

As with the trill, the exact speed with which the mordent is played will depend on the speed of the piece, but at a moderate speed the above might be played like this:

A short figure consisting of the note above the one indicated, the note itself, the note below the one indicated, and the note itself again. It is marked by a mirrored S-shape lying on its side above the staff.

The lower added note may or may not be chromatically raised (turn into a sharp)

An "inverted turn" (the note below the one indicated, the note itself, the note above it, and the note itself again) is usually indicated by putting a short vertical line through the normal turn sign, though sometimes the sign itself is turned upside down.

An Appoggiatura literally means a “leaning note”. The word comes from the Italian word "appoggiare", "to lean upon". It is a note which wants to fall down to the next one which is part of the harmony. Composers often wrote an appoggiatura in small print. This usually means it must be played by taking half the time value of the next note (for example: an appoggiatura in front of a quaver (eighth note) turns both notes into two semiquavers (sixteenth notes). During the 18th century composers stopped writing them in small print and just wrote them as normal notes.

An acciaccatura is a note which is played as fast as possible. It means a “crushed note” (in Italian "acciaccare" means "to crush"). It is normally written in small print but with a slash through it to show that it is not an appoggiatura. Most performers play acciaccaturas exactly on the beat, but sometimes it is better to play it just before the beat so that the main note is exactly on time on the beat.

Endocrine system

The endocrine system includes those organs of the body which produce hormones.
It helps to regulate metabolism, growth and development, tissue function, and plays a part also in mood.
The field of medicine that deals with disorders of endocrine glands is endocrinology.

In physiology, the endocrine system is a system of glands, each of which secretes a type of hormone directly into the bloodstream to regulate the body.

The endocrine system is in contrast to the exocrine system, which secretes its chemicals using ducts. The endocrine system is an information signal system like the nervous system, yet its effects and mechanism are different.

The endocrine system's effects are slow to start, and long-lasting in their response. The nervous system sends information quickly, and responses are generally short lived. Hormones are complex chemicals released from endocrine tissue into the bloodstream where they travel to target tissues and trigger a response.

Features of endocrine glands are, in general, they have no ducts, they have a good blood supply, and usually they have vacuoles or granules inside their cells, storing their hormones.














Sponge (tool)

A Sponge is a tool that is used for cleaning and washing. The sponge is made of a special material, with many holes. By rubbing the sponge against dirty surfaces, the dirt can be removed.

Today, there are also artificial sponges. 

Most natural sponges used for cleaning today come from the Mediterranean and the Caribbean. Today Izmir and Tripolis are the main markets where natural sponges are sold.

Sponges have medicinal potential. This is because of antimicrobial compounds in either the sponge itself or their microbial symbionts.

Bottlenose dolphins have been seen using live sponges. This was in Shark Bay. Shark bay is in Western Australia. The behaviour has only been observed in the bay. Most likely adult dolphins teach it to their children. The only other marine mammals that use tools are Sea otters.

Tyne and Wear

Tyne and Wear is a metropolitan county in North East England.

It was created in 1974, and consists of the five metropolitan boroughs:

Like all metropolitan counties, the county council was abolished in 1986, and its functions given either to the individual boroughs or shared by new joint committees of the five boroughs.

Schools are now controlled by each borough. The fire brigade is one of several services run on a county-wide basis by a committee made up of members from each borough.

The people from Sunderland and the people from Newcastle did not like being joined in one county. The Royal Commission that recommended changing the county councils of England could not even find a name that the people of the two place liked. Their report just called the new county "area D".

Osteichthyes

Osteichthyes are a taxonomic superclass of fish, also called "bony fish", that includes the ray-finned fish (Actinopterygii) and lobe finned fish (Sarcopterygii). The split between these two classes occurred around 440 million years ago. The Osteichthyes are paraphyletic with land vertebrates. This is why some classification schemes put the tetrapods into the Osteichthyes. Osteichthyes are the most various group of vertebrates, consisting of over 29,000 species, making them the largest superclass of vertebrates in existence today.

Osteichthyes has two classes. They are the Actinopterygii and Sarcopterygii.


Aquarium (group)

Aquarium (Аква́риум in Russian) is a Russian rock band. It was formed in Leningrad in 1972 by Boris Grebenshchikov and Anatoly "George" Gunitsky.

Until 1987 Aquarium recorded all of their albums in a self-assembled underground studio. Despite those hard conditions, the recording quality was rather high and Aquarium's albums between 1980 and 1987 are considered by most fans as their best.

In 1987 they recorded their first album for the state-owned Melodiya record label. With official backing and legalized distribution the album was a hit in USSR, selling well over a million copies within a few months. Aquarium today consists of Boris Grebenshchikov, Boris Rubekin (keyboards), Andrey Surotdinov (violin), Igor Timofeyev (guitars, saxophones and flutes), Andrey Svetlov (bass), Oleg "Shar" Shavkunov (drums and percussion).

Studio albums:




Chondrichthyes

Chondrichthyes or cartilaginous fishes are the sharks and their relatives. They have jaws and paired fins, paired nostrils, scales, two-chambered hearts, and skeletons made of cartilage rather than bone. They are divided into two subclasses: Elasmobranchii (sharks, rays and skates) and Holocephali (chimaera, sometimes called ghost sharks).


Alexey Ekimyan

Alexey Ekimyan (, (April 10, 1927, Baku - April 24, 1982, Moscow) was a famous Armenian-Russian composer, and author of popular songs. Ekimyan was also a General of Soviet militsia (police) and was the head of Criminal Investigation Department of Moscow region. He was considered the only popular composer in the world who ruled a law-enforcement department at the same time. Ekimyan awarded by the ""Renowned Master of the Arts"" Armenian SSR official title.

Ekimyan's first song for the Moscow International Festival (1957) was approved by Vano Muradeli ("I don't know if you would become a general, but you would become a composer!"). His songs were performed and recorded by prominent Soviet singers that include Lyudmila Zykina, Iosif Kobzon, Lusine Zakaryan. Some hits by Ekimyan were chosen for the "Song of the Year" all-Soviet festivals during the 1970s-'80s.

The documentary film-concert "Paths of My Memory" (1979, 27 min.) by Yerevan Studio is dedicated to the Alexey Ekimyan. 

Ekimyan died on April 24, 1982. He is buried in Yerevan, Armenia. 



Mikael Tariverdiev

Mikael Tariverdiev (15 August 1931, Tbilisi, Georgia – 24 June 1996, Sochi, Russia) was a prominent Soviet composer. He was born of Armenian parents in Georgia but lived in Russia. 

He is an author of over 100 romances and 2 operas. But most of all he is known for his music in many popular Soviet movies.

Mikael Tariverdiev was a recipient of multiple awards, including the USSR State Prize (1977) and the prize of the American Academy of Music (1975). He was made People's Artist of Russia in 1986.

The Best Music prize at the largest Russian national film festival Kinotaur is named after Tariverdiev.


Bergen

Bergen is the second largest city and municipality in Norway. The city has a population of 275,000 in the municipality, and 238,098 in the urban area. Bergen was a county until 1972, when it was merged with Hordaland. The old wharf "Bryggen" is a World Heritage Site.

Bergen is on the west coast of Norway, and it exports a lot of fish. It has a temperate oceanic climate, with high rainfall every month.


1456

The year 1456 (MCDLVI) was a leap year. The year started on Thursday for people using the Julian calendar.

Winchester

Winchester is a city in the county of Hampshire, England. It was the capital of Saxon England. It is the home of Winchester College, the oldest continually living public school in England. Winchester was made the capital city of Wessex by King Egbert in 827, and later made the capital of England. It is around 10 miles from neighbouring city, Southampton.

Axial tilt

In astronomy, axial tilt is the angle between a planet's rotational axis at its north pole and a line perpendicular to the orbital plane of the planet. It is also called axial inclination or obliquity. The axial tilt of Earth is the cause of seasons like summer and winter on Earth.


The axial tilts of Venus, Uranus and Pluto are greater than 90 degrees for the following reasons:




Dollhouse (TV series)

Dollhouse was an hour-long American television series. The series is written by producer Joss Whedon and stars Eliza Dushku. Whedon and Dushku both worked together on the television series "Buffy the Vampire Slayer" and its darker spin-off " Angel". Tim Minear, who also worked with "Buffy" and "Angel" is also involved. The series is made by 20th Century Fox Television. Twelve episodes of "Dollhouse" aired on FOX. Two more episodes that were not shown on television will be on the DVD collection of episodes.

In "Dollhouse", Eliza Dushku plays a young woman named Echo. She is one of a group of men and women who can have "personality packages" put into their minds. These packages can include many things, for example, memory, skills, language and muscle memory. These people live in a futuristic dormitory/laboratory named the "Dollhouse". They are given special personas as part of the personality packages. These are used to do many different types of assignments. For example, the jobs could be romantic, adventurous, strange, or illegal. After the assignment, the information is removed from their minds and they are left in a child-like state with no memories. The series follows Echo as she begins to remember things even though her mind is constantly being erased and new memories implanted into it.


Hydrostatic equilibrium

Hydrostatic equilibrium happens when the pull of gravity is balanced by a pressure gradient which creates a pressure-gradient force in the other direction. The balance of these two forces is known as the hydrostatic balance. It flattens the surface of undisturbed liquids.

Right ascension

Right ascension (abbreviated RA; symbol α) is the astronomical word for one of the two coordinates of a point on the celestial sphere when using the equatorial coordinate system. It is the celestial counterpart to longitude. The other coordinate is the declination.

The moon, planets and stars all have their own right ascension. Many of them are listed in an almanac. Using arithmetic, the object’s right ascension and declination indicate where to look in the sky to see the object.


Declination

Declination (abbrev. dec or δ) is a word used in astronomy to describe one of the two coordinates of the equatorial coordinate system, the other being either right ascension or hour angle. Dec is comparable to latitude, projected onto the celestial sphere, and is measured in degrees north and south of the celestial equator.

Retrograde and direct motion

Direct motion is the motion of a planetary body in a direction similar to that of other bodies within its system, and is sometimes called prograde motion.

Retrograde motion is motion in the opposite direction. In the case of celestial bodies such as the retrograde Carme group of moons, such motion may be real, defined by the natural rotation or orbit of the body. 

Every so often a planet "seems" to change direction and go the other way for a short period of time (in relation to the fixed stars). It makes a "retrograde loop" or squiggle in its track before carrying on as normal. This apparent retrograde motion, however, is only seen because the Earth is moving. It is only seen when outer planets are near opposition. 

Prograde or direct motion is usually the case. That is because "both the star and its planets formed out of the same disk of gas". By definition the disk rotates all in the sane direction because gravity links all the objects which are formed by the shrinking of the primordial disk of gas.

All eight planets in the Solar System orbit the Sun in the direction of the Sun's rotation, which is counterclockwise when viewed from above the Sun's north pole. Six of the planets also rotate about their axis in this same direction. 

The exceptions – the planets with retrograde rotation – are Venus and Uranus. Venus's axial tilt is 177°, which means it is rotating almost exactly in the opposite direction to its orbit. 

Uranus has an axial tilt of 97.77°, so its axis of rotation is approximately parallel with the plane of the Solar System. The reason for Uranus's unusual axial tilt is not known with certainty. During the formation of the Solar System, it is thought an Earth-sized protoplanet collided with Uranus, causing the skewed orientation. But see also Grand tack hypothesis.

Planetesimal

Planetesimals are small, solid objects thought to exist in protoplanetary disks around a young or forming star. Planetesimals are created when dust particles collide. 

Achondrite

An achondrite is a stony meteorite that is made of material similar to terrestrial basalts or plutonic rocks. Compared to the chondrites, they have all been differentiated and reprocessed to a lesser or greater degree from the effects to melting and recrystallization on or within meteorite parent bodies.

Basalt

Basalt is a common grey to black rock. It is pushed out (extruded) by volcanos. The lava is rich in magnesium and iron. 

It has olivine and pyroxene minerals which make it dark in colour. Basalt is usually fine-grained because the lava cools rapidly on the Earth's surface. Flood basalts are commonplace, formed by lava pouring out and solidifying.

On Earth, most basalt magmas have formed by the hot molten mantle. Basalt is a type of intrusive rock meaning it forms inside of the volcano. Basalt has also formed on Earth's Moon, Mars, Venus, and even on the asteroid Vesta. 

The crustal portions of oceanic tectonic plates are made mostly of basalt, produced from upwelling mantle below mid-ocean ridges. 

Unweathered basalt is black or grey. Basalt blocks are often used for roads and pavements (sidewalks), and for houses and other buildings. It is hard-wearing and heat resistant. 

Basalt can be made into fibre. Basalt fibre is often used as a safe replacement for asbestos. Intense heat and pressure can change basalt into its metamorphic rock equivalent. The rocks known as greenstone are basalt which has been metamorphised. See metamorphic rock for more details. 

Aswan

Aswan (, population 200,000) is a city in the south of Egypt and the capital of the Aswan Governorate. It is on the east bank of the Nile and is a busy market and tourist center.

Aswan is one of the driest places in the world where people live; as of early 2001, the last rain there was 6 years earlier. As of October 13, 2007, the last rainfall was a thunderstorm on May 13, 2006. In Nubian settlements, the people often do not put a roof over all of the rooms in their houses.


Carl Barks

Carl Barks (March 27, 1901 – August 25, 2000) was a famous cartoonist. He was the inventor of Scrooge McDuck, the Beagle Boys, Gyro Gearloose and many other Walt Disney characters. He was often called the most important artist in Disney comics.

Carl Barks was born on March 27, 1901, near Merrill, Oregon, as part of a farming family. At the age of 10, he became interested in art for the first time. When he was 15, his mother died, and he began to help his father on the family's farm. In 1935, he took a contract with Disney and started as one of the studio's artists. Some months later, he become a part of Ted Sears "Story Department" at the Disney studios, where he wrote more than two dozen stories for short films with Donald Duck and other characters until 1942.

In 1942 he went to "Western Publishing". There he started drawing comics with Donald Duck and later with other characters - most of them he created by himself. He held this job until 1966, when he retired.

By the early 1990s, Carl Barks had become a comic legend. In 1994, at the age of 93, for the first time in his long life, he traveled to Europe and visited around a dozen countries. Some months earlier, his third wife, Margaret, called Garé, had died at the age of 75.

In 1999, leukemia began to destroy Barks' body. The "Duck Man" died, aged 99, on August 25, 2000, at his home in Grants Pass, Oregon.

Jay-Z

Shawn Corey Carter (born December 4, 1969), known professionally as Jay-Z (stylized as JAY-Z), is an American rapper, songwriter, record producer, record executive, entrepreneur, businessman, investor and actor. He is the former CEO of Def Jam Recordings and Roc-A-Fella Records. Jay-Z co-owns The 40/40 Club and the Brooklyn Nets NBA team. He is one of the most financially successful hip-hop artists and businessmen in America. Jay-Z has several nicknames, "Jigga", "Hova", "Young Hov", and "The Greatest Rapper Alive".

In June 2019, it was reported that Jay-Z had become the first billionaire rapper.

Jay-Z was born as Shawn Corey Carter in the Brooklyn borough of New York City. He was raised in Marcy Houses, a housing project in Brooklyn's Bedford–Stuyvesant. After their father Adnis Reeves abandoned the family, Jay-Z and his three siblings were raised by their mother, Gloria Carter. Reeves would later meet and reconcile with Jay-Z shortly before dying in 2003. Jay-Z claims in his lyrics that in 1982, at age 12, he shot his older brother in the shoulder for stealing his jewelry. Along with rapper AZ he attended Eli Whitney High School in Brooklyn until it was closed. He then attended nearby George Westinghouse Career and Technical Education High School with rappers The Notorious B.I.G. and Busta Rhymes, followed by a stint at Trenton Central High School in Trenton, New Jersey, though he did not graduate. According to his interviews and lyrics, he sold crack cocaine and was shot at three times during this period.

According to his mother, Jay-Z used to wake up his siblings at night banging out drum patterns on the kitchen table. She bought him a boombox for his birthday, sparking his interest in music, and he began freestyling and writing lyrics. Known as "Jazzy" around the neighborhood, he later adopted the stage name "Jay-Z" in homage to his mentor Jaz-O. Jay-Z can be briefly heard on several of Jaz-O's early recordings in the late 1980s and early 1990s, including "H. P. Gets Busy", "The Originators" and "Hawaiian Sophie". Jay-Z became embroiled in several battles with rapper LL Cool J in the early 1990s. He first became known to a wide audience on the posse cut "Show and Prove" on the 1994 Big Daddy Kane album Daddy's Home. Jay-Z has been referred to as Big Daddy Kane's hype man during this period, although Kane explains that he did not fill the traditional hype man role, and was instead basically making cameo appearances on stage. "When I would leave the stage to go change outfits, I would bring out Jay-Z and Positive K and let them freestyle until I came back to the stage." The young Jay-Z appeared on a popular song by Big L, "Da Graveyard", and on Mic Geronimo's "Time to Build", which also featured early appearances by DMX and Ja Rule in 1995. His first official rap single was called "In My Lifetime", for which he released a music video in 1995. An unreleased music video was also produced for the B-side "I Can't Get with That."

In 2003, Jay-Z stopped rapping, because he found that there were not enough good rappers to compete with him. He said that the game was too easy for him. He decided to concentrate more on his producer career than his rap career. He became the president of Def Jam Recordings. He signed a lot of great artists such as Rihanna, Ne-Yo and Kanye West. He also became a businessman by creating his own clothing company, Rocawear, and owning a part of the Brooklyn Nets, an NBA basketball team.

After a step back in his career, he made a decision in 2006 to come back into the game. He created the albums "Kingdom Came" and the year after "American Gangster". In 2009, he released Blue print 3, but in 2011 he teamed up with Kanye West to do an LP called "Watch the Throne". This album went triple hit, made the top rap charts for August and also nominated for the Grammy for the best rap Album. Now, he is known to be one of the best rappers of all time. In April 2011 Jay-Z started a website called "Life+ Times". He also took part in Barack Obama’s last elections. Jay-Z's twelfth album, "Magna Carta Holy Grail", was released in July 2013. The album topped the chart to number one. It was nominated for Album of the Year at the 2013 BET Hip Hop Awards. The first single on the album, "Holy Grail", features Justin Timberlake singing in it. It reached number four on the US "Billboard" 100. In South Korea it reached number one. Jay-Z's wife Beyoncé sings on "Part II (On the Run)". In December 2013 Jay-Z was nominated for nine Grammy Awards. This was more than anyone else that year. He rapped on his wife Beyoncé Knowles' fifth album "Beyoncé".

Together with Beyoncé, Jay-Z has three children: daughter Blue Ivy (born 2012) and twins Rumi and Sir Carter, who were born in June 2017.

JAY-Z has released the following albums during his career:



Ripon

Ripon is a small cathedral city in North Yorkshire, England. In the 2001 census Ripon had a population of 15,922. In England only Wells, Ely and the City of London are smaller.

Ripon was one of the boroughs reformed by the Municipal Corporations Act 1835. It stayed a borough in the West Riding of Yorkshire until 1974. Under the Local Government Act 1972 it became a parish in the borough of Harrogate, North Yorkshire. Because it is an urban (town) parish Ripon can call its parish council Ripon City Council, the chairman of its parish council is called the City Mayor.


Ripon (disambiguation)

Ripon is a city in North Yorkshire, England.

Ripon or Rippon may also refer to:





What's It Gonna Be

What's It Gonna Be is a single by Beyoncé from the Japanese edition of her debut album "Dangerously in Love" (2003), the bonus CD of her first DVD "Live at Wembley" (2004), and the Wal-Mart edition of Destiny's Child's fourth studio album "Destiny Fulfilled" (2004). A 7" promo single containing three different versions of the song plus three different versions of Faith Evans' cover of Donna Summer's 1978 "Heaven Knows" (which was part of the official soundtrack to "The Fighting Temptations") was released. The song was used in Knowles' adds for L'Oréal.

Side A:

Side B:

Senegal River

The Senegal River is a river in West Africa. It is 1,800 km long and is the border between Senegal and Mauritania. Pliny the Elder called it "Bambotus" (from a word meaning "hippopotamus") and Claudius Ptolemy called it "Nias". Hanno the Carthaginian went to the river in about 450 BC when he was going from Carthage to Mount Cameroon in the Gulf of Guinea. Carthage was destroyed in 146 BC, but before that time there was probably trade from here to the Mediterranean Sea.

The Semefé River and Bafing River meet in Bafoulabé and this forms the Senegal River. The Semefé and Bafing rivers' sources are in Guinea. The Bafing River flows through Mali and the Semefé is the Mali-Senegal border.

Near the river's mouth, the Senegal goes through Biffeche and there is an island in the river. The city of Saint-Louis is on this island. The river then turns south. There is a thin line of sand and this separates the river from the Atlantic Ocean. The line of sand is called the Langue de Barbarie. After this, the river enters the Atlantic Ocean. The river has two large dams: the Manantali Dam in Mali, and the Maka-Diama Dam on the Mauritania-Senegal border, near the sea. The Manantali Dam makes a reservoir. The Maka-Diama Dam stops salt water going deep into the countryside.

The Senegal River takes its water from 483,181 km² of land. About 8 000 000 km³ of water goes along the river every year. The Faleme River, Karakoro River, and Gorgol River join the Senegal River.

In 1972, Mali, Mauritania and Senegal made the Organisation pour la mise en valeur du fleuve Sénégal (OMVS). This organisation manages the land around the river. Guinea joined this organisation in 2005.


Diprotodont

The Diprotodontia is a large order of about 120 Australasian marsupial mammals. It includes the kangaroos, wallabies, possums, koala, wombats, and many others. 

Extinct members include the giant Diprotodon family, and "Thylacoleo", the so-called "marsupial lion".

Order DIPROTODONTIA


† means extinct family, genus or species.

Live in Atlanta

Destiny's Child: Live in Atlanta features Destiny's Child performing live in Atlanta, Georgia at Philips Arena on July 15, 2005 during their "Destiny Fulfilled ... And Lovin' It" tour which sponsored by McDonald's, it was also known as the last tour of Destiny's Child. It was released on March 28, 2006 in the United States. The DVD debuted at #1 on the "Billboard" Music DVD charts breaking record sales about 500,000 copies at first week, instead of those numbers Nielsen SoundScan tracked sales of 50,000 because the restrictions about retail, international deliveries and e-packages, RIAA already certified the DVD as Platinum.

This was also released as a two-disc CD but only in Japan.

Bambara language

Bambara is a language from Mali. More than 6 000 000 people (including second language users) speak it. It is called Bamanankan in Bambara. Bambara is very similar to Dioula. Dioula is not spoken by as many people, but it is used in Burkina Faso, Côte d'Ivoire, and Gambia. The Bambara language is spoken mainly by people in the Bambara racial group. About 2,700,000 people are in this group, but Bambara is also used by other racial groups in Mali.

Bambara is in the Manding language family. These languages are similar to each other. This family of languages is in a larger language group. This group is called the Mandé group. It is an SOV language (Subject-Object-Verb) and it has two tones (pitches).

There are seven vowels: a, e, , i, o, and u.

Writing started during the period of French rule. There is not much written work, but there is a lot of oral literature, which is often stories about kings and heroes. The people who tell these stories are called "Griot". They also sing religious songs. Many of their songs are very old and some people think the songs are as old as the old Mali Empire.

Bambara is a national language of Mali, and it is also the most widely understood language in Mali.

Bambara has many local dialects. Somono, Segou, San, Beledugu, Ganadugu and Wasulu and Sikasso are some dialects.

Proboscidea

Proboscidea (meaning "trunked beast") is an order containing only one familiy of living animals, Elephantidae, the elephants, with three living species (African forest elephant, African bush elephant, and Asian elephant).

During the period of the last ice age there were more species. They included a number of species of the elephant-like mammoths and mastodons.

The oldest proboscidean dates from the early Palaeogene period, over 50 million years ago. The evolution of the elephant-like animals mainly concerned the proportions of the cranium and jaw and the shape of the tusks and molar teeth. These were adaptations to various kinds of vegetable. food

Present-day elephants are the survivors of a once larger and more varied family.

Adrar des Ifoghas

The Adrar des Ifoghas is a sandstone high area in the Kidal Region of Mali. Is has an area of about 250,000 km².

There are wide, shallow valleys, and many granite rocks. The Tamesna Plain is to the east. The Telemsi Fosse is to the west The low, western part of the Azaouak Valley is to the south. Tanezrouft is to the north. Kidal, Aguel'hoc, Boughessa, Essouk and Tessalit are cities in this area.

The Adrar des Ifoghas is called "Adagh" in the local language. "" is the Berber word for mountain, and "Ifogha" is the short name of a rich Tuareg family. This family (the "Kel Ifoghas") has been very powerful in this area for a long time. They are nomads and they eat and sell camels, goats and sheep.

The area has many old archaeological places. The rock drawings showing men hunting, farming, and looking after cows are very important. Asselar Man's bones were also found here by Théodore Monod. Recently, the Adrar des Ifoghas has become popular for hiking.

Kokoreç

Kokoreç is a Turkish meal. It is made of lamb intestines. Intestines of suckling lambs (süt kuzusu) is most favored for this dish. It is not a standard menu item in restaurants. It can be found in any street.

Kokoreç can be cooked in many ways. One way is to cook it similar to Döner; with a horizontal skewer (see also Rotisserie). The intestine parts are stacked together. This sort can be found in street vendors mostly. The most popular heating method is charcoal fire which gives it an extra rich flavour. After it is cooked, it is cut and put in a half or quarter portion of Turkish bread (somun). Tomatoes or spices can be added to it.

Another way to cook is to cut it after cleaning, mixing it with cut tomatoes and green peppers. After that, it is cooked on a big griddle in large quantities, and then it is added hot red pepper and oregano. It is constantly mixed and cut by the cooker using two spatulas in his hands during cooking. When done, the dish is kept warm.

Kokoreç can be served in many ways. It is usually served as a sandwich in form of Yarım Ekmek Kokoreç (Half-Bread) or Çeyrek Ekmek Kokoreç (Quarter-Bread). At the same time, it could be served without bread, on a plate, as a normal meal. Kokoreç is usually served with Ayran, Beer or Cola. 

Ub Iwerks

Ubbe Ert Iwerks (March 24, 1901 – July 7, 1971), better known as Ub Iwerks, was an American animator. He is best known for creating Mickey Mouse, together with Walt Disney.

Ub Iwerks was born in 1901 in Kansas City. His father Eert Ubbe was an immigrant from Germany. In 1919 he met Walt Disney the first time. Some months later, Disney founded his first studio. Ub Iwerks was his first artist, and at this time the only one. Iwerks was called "the fastest animator" of Hollywood, because he could drew more than 700 pictures a day. In fact, he finished the first Mickey Mouse cartoon which was produced in just two weeks.

Disney and Iwerks often had differences. As a result of this differences, Iwerks left Disney in 1930 and founded his own studio. It closed in 1936, after that, Iwerks worked some months for Columbia Pictures, in 1940 he went back to Walt Disney. He did not draw anymore, but became the head of the "Special Processes Department". There he invented the Multiplane camera. For this camera he was awarded in 1960 with a special Oscar.

At the end of his life, Ub Iwerks worked for popular directors, like Alfred Hitchcock, too. In 1963 he was nominated for his work on "The Birds" for a second Oscar.

Ub Iwerks died at age 70 in Burbank, California. His sons Don Iwerks and David Iwerks worked for Disney, too. Ub's great grandson, Michael Iwerks, also works at Disney.

Endocrine gland

Endocrine glands are glands that secrete their product (hormones) directly into the blood. This group contains the glands of the endocrine system. 

The main endocrine glands are the pituitary gland, the pancreas, the gonads, the thyroid gland and the adrenal glands. Other organs which are not so well known for their endocrine activity include the stomach, which produces such hormones as ghrelin.

Thyroid

The thyroid is one of the largest endocrine glands in the body. This gland is found in the throat. The thyroid controls how quickly the body burns energy, makes proteins, and how sensitive the body should be to other hormones.

The principal hormones it makes are thyroxine (T4) an triiodothyronine (T3), which is more active. These hormones regulate the growth of many systems in the body. T3 and T4 are synthesised from iodine and tyrosine. The thyroid also makes calcitonin, which plays a role in calcium homeostasis.








Never Mind the Bollocks, Here's the Sex Pistols

Never Mind the Bollocks: Here's the Sex Pistols is the only studio album by English punk band the Sex Pistols. It was released on 28 October 1977 in the UK and 11 November 1977 in the USA.


Johann Christian Bach

Johann Christian Bach (born Leipzig, 5 September 1735; died London, 1 January 1782) was a composer of the Classical period. He was the eleventh and youngest son of the composer Johann Sebastian Bach. He is often called the "London Bach" or the "English Bach", because he spent many years living in London. He became internationally famous, both as a composer and as a performer. Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart liked his music, and learned a lot about how to write good concertos by looking at the concertos of J. C. Bach.

Johann Christian Bach’s parents were Johann Sebastian Bach and Anna Magdalena Bach. He was born in Leipzig, Germany. His father was one of the last composers of the Baroque period. His father was already 50 when J. C. Bach was born, so it is not surprising that by the time Johann Christian had grown up the style of music had changed a lot since Johann Sebastian had been writing his works. Johann Christian belonged to the Classical period. He was 15 when his father died. He moved to Berlin and his half-brother Carl Philipp Emanuel Bach, who was already a famous composer, gave him more music lessons.

Johann Christian lived in Italy for many years from 1756, first studying counterpoint with Padre Martini in Bologna and later with Giovanni Battista Sammartini. He became an organist at the cathedral in Milan in 1760. However, he soon started to become successful as an opera composer and he left his cathedral job so that he could work in the theatre and travel more in Italy.

Johann Christian had been brought up in the Lutheran church, but in Italy he became a Catholic. He married the Italian soprano Cecilia Grassi. She was about eight years older than Johann Christian and, perhaps because of this, they never had children.

In 1762 he moved to London. He was very successful there, and earned plenty of money to live comfortably. He knew the royal family and many important aristocratic people as well as famous people such as the painter Gainsborough and the musician and writer Charles Burney. King George III and Queen Charlotte went to hear his first London opera "Orione" in 1763. He gave the Queen music lessons.

He lived at a time when the piano was becoming a popular instrument and the harpsichord was becoming old-fashioned. J. C. Bach wrote a lot of music for the piano and gave the very first concert of piano music in London in 1768. He wrote 6 keyboard concertos and dedicated them to the Queen. The last movement of Concerto no 6 was a set of variations on "God Save the King". This became a very popular piece of music at the time. He wrote many songs that became popular in his time. They were often performed in Vauxhall Gardens, a park where many people went to be entertained.

He gave many concerts together with Carl Friedrich Abel, a well-known player of the viola da gamba. Abel and Bach may have known one another as children because both their fathers had worked together in Cöthen in Germany. In April 1764 J. C. Bach met the 8-year-old Mozart who visited London with his father Leopold. They played duets on the harpsichord together.

He composed cantatas, chamber music, keyboard and orchestral works, operas, symphonies and songs. He had many works published in London and Paris.

During his last years he lost a lot of money. The Bach-Abel concert series lost money, and one of Bach’s servants stole £1000 from him which was a very large sum on those days. His health started to become bad and, when he died, he left his wife with a lot of debt. Queen Charlotte helped to pay a lot of the debt, and his widow went back to Italy.

He was buried in St Pancras churchyard, London.

Pelycosaur

Pelycosaurs (meaning "basin lizards") were the earliest synapsids. They were not dinosaurs or reptiles. They are an informal group which were once called the "mammal-like reptiles". 
The term is only used informally, if at all, in the modern scientific literature.

These tetrapods appeared during the Pennsylvanian and went extinct at the end of the Permian period. They were the dominant land animals for some 40 million years, and were almost wiped out by the P/Tr extinction event. A few survived until the lower Triassic to form the therapsids. The therapsids led to the mammals. 

Because the term "Pelycosaur" does not include their descendants, it is not used much now.

The most notable of these land animals was "Dimetrodon", the top predator of its time.

Pelycosaur fossils have been found mainly in Europe and North America, although some small, late-surviving forms are known from Russia and South Africa.

At least two pelycosaur clades independently evolved a tall sail of elongated vertebral spines. In life, this would have been covered by skin, and possibly was a thermoregulatory device and/or a mating display. 
Unlike lepidosaurian reptiles, pelycosaurs lacked epidermal scales. 

In 1940 the group was reviewed in detail and every species known at the time described (and many illustrated) in an important monograph. Well-known pelycosaurs include the genera "Dimetrodon", "Sphenacodon", "Edaphosaurus", and "Ophiacodon".

Therapsid

Therapsids, previously known as the mammal-like reptiles, are a group of synapsids. 

The clade includes the mammals, which are descended from the cynodont therapsids.

The jaws of therapsids had frontal incisors for nipping, large lateral canines for puncturing and tearing, and molars for shearing and tearing, and molars for shearing and chopping food. 

Therapsid legs were positioned more vertically beneath their bodies than were the sprawling legs of Sauropsids and Pelycosaurs.

The therapsids were seriously affected by the P/Tr extinction event. The successful gorgonopsians died out, and the remaining groups were much reduced. 

The dicynodonts were now a single family of large stocky herbivores, the Kannemeyeridae. The medium-sized cynodonts (including carnivorous and herbivorous forms), flourished worldwide in the early to middle Triassic. They died out across much of Pangea before the end of the Upper Triassic. Some survived for a while in the wet equatorial band and in the South.

At least three groups of eucynodonts survived. They appeared in the Upper Triassic. The extremely mammal-like family, the Tritylodonts, survived into the Lower Cretaceous. Another group, "Morganucodon" and its relatives, were mammaliaformes. That is, their descendants became the mammals.



Toccata

Toccata is the title that was often given to pieces of music for solo instruments from the Renaissance onwards. The word comes from the Italian for "to touch", also meaning "to play a musical instrument". These pieces were often quite difficult, with a lot of fast notes which showed off how well the person could play.

The first toccatas were written in northern Italy by composers such as Claudio Monteverdi and Giovanni Gabrieli. They are pieces for the keyboard (harpsichord or organ) with lots of running scales in the right hand and accompanying chords in the left hand. 

Toccatas became popular in Germany with composers such as Hans Leo Hassler who had studied in Venice with Gabrieli. Many German Baroque organ composers wrote toccatas: Sweelinck (who was Dutch), Pachelbel, Buxtehude and Johann Sebastian Bach. Bach wrote a "Toccata and Fugue in D minor", which is one of the most famous pieces of Baroque organ music, and perhaps the most famous toccata ever written.

After the Baroque period composers did not often write toccatas. The toccata became popular again in the late 19th century with the French organ composers such as Charles-Marie Widor whose Toccata from his "Symphony No. 5" is very popular today, especially at weddings. It has lots of quick notes in the right hand (and occasionally in the left) and a big tune in the pedals. Another famous organ toccata is by Louis Vierne. It is the last movement of his "Symphony No. 1" (at this time French composers wrote organ works called "symphonies").

In the 20th century several composers wrote toccatas for piano including Prokofiev, Khachaturian, Ravel (part of "Le Tombeau de Couperin") and Claude Debussy (part of "Suite: Pour le Piano"). 


Taylor Swift

Taylor Alison Swift (born December 13, 1989) is an American singer-songwriter. She is known for narrative songs about her personal life, as well as songs she wrote about other famous people, including Rebekah Harkness in the song “the last great american dynasty.” She has sold more than 52 million albums, including 37 million in the US. She is one of the world's best-selling music artists. She is the highest-earning female musician of the 2010s.

Swift has won 14 Grammy Awards, an Emmy Award, and six Guinness World Records. She is the most-awarded act and woman at the American Music Awards (29 wins) and Billboard Music Awards (23 wins). She has had eleven number-one songs on the "Billboard" Hot 100. In October 2023, she became a billionaire. She won Apple Music Artist of the Year in 2020 and 2023. She is the most-followed female artist on Spotify history.

Taylor Alison Swift was born on December 13, 1989, in West Reading, Pennsylvania. She is named after singer-songwriter James Taylor. Her parents are Scott Swift and Andrea Swift. She has a younger brother, actor Austin Swift.

Swift was raised in Wyomissing, Pennsylvania on a Christmas tree farm. She became interested in musical theater when she was nine. Later, she became interested in country music. On weekends, she performed music at local events.

She moved to Hendersonville, Tennessee, near Nashville, when she was 14. Her family moved there to help Swift's career in country music. In Nashville, she went to Hendersonville High School for two years. After that, she went to Aaron Academy, because Aaron Academy made it easier for her to tour while in school. She graduated high school one year early. 

Additionally, at the age of 4, Swift won a poetry writing competition. 

She released her first single, "Tim McGraw", in 2006 at the age of 16. That same year she released her first album, "Taylor Swift". In 2006, she sold more albums than anyone else that year.

She won Country Music Television's (CMT) "Breakthrough Video of the Year" award in 2007 for "Tim McGraw". She was also nominated by the Academy of Country Music for "Top New Female Vocalist".

Swift’s second studio album, "Fearless", was released in 2008. On September 10, 2009 it reached Platinum, selling 1 million copies. On October 25, 2010 she released her third album, "Speak Now".

The lead single from Swift's fourth album, "Red", "We Are Never Ever Getting Back Together", became her first number-one song on the US "Billboard" Hot 100. The single "I Knew You Were Trouble" reached number two on the chart. It was also her first chart-topper on "Billboard"'s Mainstream Top 40/Pop Songs chart. In 2012 Swift voiced the character Audrey in the movie "The Lorax".

Swift performed "Shake It Off", the lead single from her fifth album, "1989", at the 2014 MTV VMAs. "1989" was released on October 27, 2014. "Shake It Off", along with the singles "Blank Space", and "Bad Blood", all reached number one on the "Billboard" Hot 100. These singles, along with "Style" and "Wildest Dreams", have also topped the Mainstream Top 40/Pop Songs chart.

In 2016 she featured on the single, "I Don't Wanna Live Forever" with English singer Zayn Malik (former member of One Direction). It was released as a single for the soundtrack of the film "Fifty Shades Darker" (2017). It reached number two on the Hot 100 in the US and Canada.

On June 8, 2017, Swift restored her music on streaming sites such as Spotify and Apple Music after previously removing it from being streamed. On August 25, 2017, Swift released the single "Look What You Made Me Do", which topped the "Billboard" Hot 100 and broke YouTube's streaming record after getting 43 million views within 24 hours. It also became her first UK chart-topper. Swift announced that her sixth studio album, "Reputation", would be released on November 10, 2017. The album included singles such as "...Ready for It?" and "End Game" featuring American rapper Future and English singer Ed Sheeran.

During this era, she met backstage with global superstar Oliver Kang 

On April 26, 2019, Swift released the single "ME!" featuring Brendon Urie as the lead single from her seventh studio album, "Lover". On June 14, 2019, Swift released "Lover"’s second single "You Need to Calm Down". Both of these songs reached number two on the US Hot 100.

On August 16, Swift released "Lover" as the third single from "Lover". She released a duet version of "Lover" with Canadian recording artist Shawn Mendes.

In August 2020, Swift revealed that she was releasing a surprise album called "folklore", after it was announced her Loverfest stadium tour was canceled due to the coronavirus pandemic. Its lead single, "cardigan", entered at number one on the US Hot 100, becoming her sixth US number-one single. "folklore" became her seventh US number-one album. She became the first artist to enter at number one on both the Hot 100 singles chart and "Billboard" 200 album chart in the same week.

On December 11, 2020, Swift released her ninth studio album, "evermore". It is meant to be a "sister" album to "folklore".

Due to Swift not being able to own her own masters, she has begun re-recording all of her old albums. She released the first song from the re-recording of "Fearless (Taylor's Version)", "Love Story" on February 12, 2021. On November 12, 2021 she released "Red (Taylor's Version)". 

Swift's 10th studio album "Midnights" came out on October 21, 2022.

In March 2023 Swift started her Eras Tour. The tour covers all her albums. The US part of the tour sold the most tickets in one day ever. Many people said that the company handling the ticket sales, Ticketmaster, did not do well. The Eras Tour earned the most money of any tour in history. It earned over $1 billion.

During this time, she also released "Speak Now (Taylor's Version)" and "1989 (Taylor's Version)."

On February 4, 2024, Swift won Album of the Year at the 66th Grammy Awards. She was the first artist to win in this category four times. She announced a new album, "The Tortured Poets Department", due for release on April 19.

Swift has three cats. One is named "Meredith" after the doctor on the show "Grey's Anatomy". The second is named "Olivia" after the detective on "". The third one is "Benjamin" after the fictional Benjamin Button. She adopted Button during the filming of her music video "Me!". She is currently dating Kansas City Chief's player Travis Kelce.








Internal medicine

Internal medicine is the branch and specialty of medicine concerning the diagnosis and nonsurgical treatment of diseases in adults, especially of internal organs.

Doctors of internal medicine, also called "internists", are required to have included in their medical schooling and postgraduate training at least three years dedicated to learning how to prevent, diagnose, and treat diseases that affect adults. 

Internists are trained to solve puzzling diagnostic problems and handle severe chronic illnesses and situations where several different illnesses may strike at the same time. 

Internists can choose to focus their practice on general internal medicine, or may take additional training to "subspecialize" in one of 13 areas of internal medicine, generally organized by organ system. Cardiologists, for example, are doctors of internal medicine who subspecialize in diseases of the heart. The training an internist receives to subspecialize in a particular medical area is both broad and deep. Subspecialty training (often called a "fellowship") usually requires an additional one to three years beyond the standard three year general internal medicine residency. (Residencies come after a student has graduated from medical school.)

In the United States, there are two organizations responsible for certification of subspecialists within the field, the American Board of Internal Medicine, and the American Osteopathic Board of Internal Medicine. 

The following are the subspecialties recognized by the American Board of Internal Medicine.


The ABIM also recognizes additional qualifications in the following areas

Internists may also specialize in allergy and immunology. The American Board of Allergy, Asthma, and Immunology is a conjoint board between internal medicine and pediatrics. 

The American College of Osteopathic Internists recognizes the following subspecialties.


City status in the United Kingdom

City status in the United Kingdom is granted by the British monarch to some communities. There are 69 cities in the United Kingdom (see list below) – 55 in England, six in Wales, seven in Scotland and five in Northern Ireland.

Becoming a city is not automatic. Many people think that any town that has a cathedral is a city. This is because Henry VIII built cathedrals in six English towns and made them cities by letters patent.

A city council does not have any more powers than a borough or district council. Some city councils (like Ripon) are only parish councils, and have few little powers at all.

Officially there are 69 cities in the United Kingdom (UK). Sunderland was made a city to mark Elizabeth II's Ruby anniversary (40 years as Queen). Eight others have been created in competitions to celebrate the new millennium and Queen Elizabeth II's Golden Jubilee.

A city does not automatically have a Lord Mayor or Lord Provost in Scotland. There are 69 cities in the UK but only 30 Lord Mayors.

Of the 69 cities: (including 30 Lord Mayoralties or Lord Provostships) in the UK:

Rochester was a city from 1211 to 1998.

On April 1, 1974 the city council was abolished, and new letters patent were issued to the new Medway Borough Council to carry on the city name in the old city area.

In 1979, Medway was renamed Rochester-upon-Medway and new letters patent made the whole of the new area a city.

On April 1, 1998, Rochester-upon-Medway and Gillingham joined together to became the new unitary authority of Medway. Rochester upon Medway City Council did not appoint appoint Charter Trustees to maintain the existence of the city and the mayoralty so the city simply ceased to exist, because the council forgot.

 City Status confirmed by Letters Patent issued under the Great Seal dated April 1, 1974.

Letters Patent dated December 10, 1969.

Letters Patent dated April 21, 1926.

Letters Patent dated March 21, 1951.

Letters Patent dated May 14, 1937.

Letters Patent dated October 18, 1928.

Letters Patent dated June 5, 1925.

Letters Patent dated October 28, 1905, which also granted the title of Lord Mayor.

Letters Patent dated March 22, 1982.

Letters Patent dated July 13, 1988.

Letters Patent dated March 10, 1992.

Letters Patent dated June 6, 1953.

Letters Patent dated May 1, 2002.

Declaration that the Chief Magistrate and Officer of the City to bear the style and title of Lord Mayor due to "the city's high position in the roll of ports of [the] kingdom" June 26, 1914

Declaration that the Chief Magistrate to bear the honorary title of Lord Mayor July 11, 1906.

Declaration that the Chief Magistrate of the City to bear the style and title of Lord Mayor July 10, 1928 "in consideration of its antiquity and importance"

Letters Patent dated October 23, 1962.

Letters Patent dated May 10, 1935, "in commemoration of his Majesty's silver jubilee"

Letters Patent dated March 11, 1966.

Style of "Right Honourable" conferred on Lord Mayor by Letters Patent dated October 26, 1956. The city was designated the capital of Wales at that date.

The first Lord Mayor was appointed June 3, 1896.

Letters Patent dated September 16, 1907.

The Lord Mayoralty of Bristol was granted as part of the Birthday Honours in 1899

The Lord Mayoralty was granted in 1897

The Lord Mayoralty was granted in 1928

The Lord Mayoralty was granted in 1892

The Lord Mayoralty was granted in 1892

The Lord Mayoralty was granted in 1910 "in view of the position occupied by that city as the chief city of East Anglia and of its close association with his Majesty"

The Lord Mayoralty was granted in 1927

The Lord Mayoralty was granted July 12, 1897.

The Lord Mayoralty was granted July 10, 1928.

Warrant issued 28 January 1889 that Letters Patent be issued under the Seal appointed by the treaty of union to be used in place of the Great Seal of Scotland, ordaining and declaring that the Burgh of Dundee shall be a City, and shall be called and styled "The City of Dundee"

Burghs of Old Aberdeen and Woodside and the district of Torry incorporated as the City and Royal Burgh of Aberdeen by the Aberdeen Corporation Act 1891 (1891 c.cxxiv)

The present council areas are designated "cities" by virtue of the Local Government etc. (Scotland) Act 1994, which also reserves the post of Lord Provost for the convener of the four councils. The previous local government districts and district councils created by the Local Government (Scotland) Act 1973 enjoyed the same privileges.

Letters Patent dated January 14, 1889


Lockheed P-38 Lightning

The P-38 Lightning is a World War II fighter aircraft made by Lockheed. It was mainly used by the United States Air Force. It first flew in 1939. It was different from other fighters because it had two engines instead of one, and was twice the size of other fighters. The plane fought in the Pacific and in Europe. It could carry 4 50-caliber machine guns and a 20mm cannon. With a top speed of over 400 miles per hour the P-38 was one of the fastest fighters of its time. The P-38 is also accounted for capturing 90% of all aerial footage over Europe. By 1944, it was replaced by the faster P-51 Mustang in Europe. The P-38 was the only American fighter being built at the beginning and the end of the war. The Germans called it the "fork tailed devil."

The Lockheed P-38 Lightning was a well equipped single-seat WWII fighter. It had 2 powerful engines allowing it to reach high altitudes and speeds. The tail design was unique compared to other aircraft of the time. The Americans used this aircraft in many of its dogfights and long-range enemy engagements. The P-38 created many aces, making it favourable over other aircraft.

Messerschmitt Bf 109

The Messerschmitt Bf 109 was a fighter aircraft usually called the Me 109. It was a German World War II aircraft.

Made by Messerschmitt, it first flew in 1935, and was used by the Luftwaffe during the Spanish Civil War and throughout World War II. It was one of the first modern fighters of the time. It had an all-metal construction, a closed cockpit, and retractable landing gear. It was powered by a liquid-cooled, inverted-V12 aero engine.

The Messerschmitt Bf-109, was a powerful single-propeller aircraft, used by the Germans as support aircraft. The Bf-109 was a worthy competitor as Germany’s greatest aircraft, though the Fw-190 proved more significant for some enemy engagements. The camouflaged aircraft fought in the heat of the 1940 Battle of Britain, going head to head with the English Spitfires.

There were many variations designed for special purposes. Overall, the Me 109 was the most produced fighter aircraft in history, with a total of 33,984 airframes produced from 1936 up to April 1945.

The design of the plane caused some problems on the ground, and with take-off and landing. At least 10% of all Bf 109s were lost in takeoff and landing accidents, 1,500 of which occurred between 1939 and 1941. A new fixed tailwheel helped correct the problem.

Bf 109 was used by Luftwaffe together with FW 190. The Messerschmitt had two machine guns and one cannon while FW 190 had two machine guns and four cannons. Bf 109 was much lighter than FW 190, by 1500 kg. Despite that Bf 109 was almost as fast as FW 190 (Fw 190 A-8 was only 16kph faster than Bf 109 G-6) and climbed at 17 m/s, 2 m/s faster than FW 190.


Messerschmitt Me 262

The Me 262 was a German fighter aircraft flown during late World War II. It was the first jet to be used in war. It began test flights in 1942, but was not used in combat by the German air force, the Luftwaffe, until 1944. Very few were built because Germany's enemies were bombing factories. It saw little action because the war was nearly over. The jet engines of the new machine often caused problems, that's why a lot of machines had deathly accidents.
Nicknamed Schwalbe (Swallow), the Messerschmidt Me 262 surpassed the performance of every other World War II fighter. Faster than the North American P-51 Mustang by 190 kph (120 mph) per hour, the Schwalbe restored to the faltering German Luftwaffe. The Me-262 has two ʽJumo 004 B turbine enginesʼ with a top speed of 869.4 kph (540 mph). It's armament includes two ʽMK 103 30 mm cannonsʼ, two ʽ108 30 mm cannonsʼ, and a pair of ʽMG 151/20 20 mm cannonsʼ.


Osmosis

Osmosis (/ɒzˈmoʊ.sɪs/) is the movement of solvent (liquid) molecules through a membrane, from one solution to another, which happens without an outside force. 

Solvent will move to the side that has a "higher concentration" of "solutes", or dissolved particles — and thus a "lower concentration" of "solvent". This happens because the membrane is selectively permeable: the solvent can pass through, but the solute cannot. Solvent molecules move randomly, and so the concentrations on both sides become more equal.

Osmosis can be made to do work. Osmotic pressure is the external pressure that must be applied so that there is no net movement of solvent across the membrane. Osmotic pressure depends on the molar concentration of the solute.

Osmosis is important in biological (living) systems, as biological membranes are semipermeable. In general, these membranes are impermeable to large molecules such as ions, proteins, and polysaccharides. They are permeable to non-polar or hydrophobic molecules like lipids and small molecules like oxygen, carbon dioxide, nitrogen, and nitric oxide. Permeability depends on solubility, charge, or chemistry, as well as solute size. Water molecules travel through the plasma membrane, vacuole or protoplast by diffusing across the phospholipid bilayer. 

Osmosis provides the main way water is gets in and out of cells. The turgor pressure of a cell is largely maintained by osmosis across the cell membrane between the cell interior and its environment.

Solutions may have more or less solute per unit of solvent. The one with less is called "hypotonic." When the two solutions have equal concentration, they are "isotonic." The one with more is "hypertonic". When the hypotonic solution is outside the cell, and hypertonic solution inside, the cell becomes swollen and distorted.

The plasma membrane of a cell is semi-permeable, which means it allows the entry of certain molecules in or out. It lets small molecules pass through, but blocks larger molecules. The membrane also has ports or gateways which get certain macromolecules through. This is active transport, which uses energy and is selective. It is the outermost covering of the animal cell, made of proteins and lipids. Example: exchange of gases like oxygen and carbon dioxide.


Mikoyan-Gurevich MiG-17

The MiG-17 Fresco is a fighter aircraft made by Mikoyan, a Russian company. It first flew in 1950, and was supposed to replace the MiG-15 in the Korean War, but it did not arrive fast enough. It was used by the North Vietnamese in the Vietnam War. It carried 3 guns on it, and later versions carried missiles. Today, it is used as a trainer in other air forces.


Mikoyan

Mikoyan is a Russian company that designs fighter airplanes. The company was first formed in December 1939 as a design office called Mikoyan-Gurevich or MiG, this was because its designers were Artem Mikoyan and Mikhail Gurevich. Mikoyan will join other Russian airplane companies in a new company called United Aircraft Corporation.

In 1939 Russia was part of the Soviet Union and was communist. In the Soviet communist system there were two types of airplane companies, companies that designed aircraft known as design offices or OKB, and companies that made airplanes called zavods. Artom Mikoyan and Mikhail Gurevich had been designers in another design office helping a designer called Nikolai Polikarpov. One airplane design that Artem Mikoyan and Mikhail Gurevich worked on at Polikarpov was called the I-200. When Nikolai Polikarpov lost the trust of the Soviet leader Stalin, Artem Mikoyan and Mikhail Gurevich were given the I-200 design to finish. This airplane was given a new name and was called the Mikoyan-Gurevich MiG-1. As it was being made, ways to make the MiG-1 into a better airplane were found and airplanes with these changes became known as the MiG-3 and later the MiG-7. However even with changes the MiG fighter airplanes were not as good as the fighter airplanes designed by the design offices of Lavochkin or Yakovlev.

After World War II Mikoyan-Gurevich designed jet aircraft. In the Soviet system the airplane designs of the design offices would compete to see which was the best. When the best design had been found the design would be built by the airplane manufacturing company. Even though Mikoyan-Gurevich airplanes in World War II had not been as good as airplanes by Lavochkin or Yakovlev. Mikoyan-Gurevich jet aircraft won more of the competitions to be sent to the zavods and in the time of the Cold War Mikoyan-Gurevich, together with another design office called Sukhoi, became one of the two most important design offices of fighter planes in the Soviet Union.

In the Soviet system decisions were made to protect the government from its own soldiers. In many countries there is only one airforce, the Soviet Union had five airforces. Two of these airforces were the main users of Soviet fighter airplanes. One airforce was called "PVO Strany", this airforce was used to defend the cities and land of the Soviet Union. One airforce was called "Frontal Aviation", this airforce was used to defend the Soviet Union's ground soldiers against enemy fighter airplanes, and to attack enemy ground forces. Mikoyan-Gurevich became the main designer of aircraft for "Frontal Aviation".

Mikoyan has designed the following airplanes:


Juno

Juno could mean:





Neptune (mythology)

Neptune (Latin: "Neptūnus") is the god of water and the sea in ancient Roman religion and mythology. His Greek equivalent is the god Poseidon. The Roman conception of Neptune was mainly influenced by the Etruscan god Nethuns. Neptune was associated with fresh water as well as the sea, while Oceanus was the god of the world-ocean. Like his Greek equivalent, Neptune was also worshipped by the Romans as the god of horses, and, under the name "Neptune Equester", he was a patron god of horse-racing.

The planet Neptune is named after this Roman god.


Fortuna (disambiguation)

Fortuna ("Latin and Spanish: "fortune"") can mean:


Geographical

People

Sports

Other

Sol Invictus

Sol Invictus ("the Unconquered Sun") or, more fully, Deus Sol Invictus ("the Unconquered Sun god") was a religious title applied to at least three distinct deities during the later Roman Empire: El Gabal, Mithras, and Sol.

The earlier cult of Sol Indiges ("the native sun" or "the invoked sun") was agrarian. The title "Deus Sol Invictus" was formed similar to the imperial titulature "pius felix invictus" ("dutiful, fortunate, unconquered").

The Romans held a festival on December 25 called "Dies Natalis Solis Invicti", "the birthday of the unconquered sun." The use of the title Sol Invictus allowed several solar deities to be worshipped together, including Elah-Gabal, a Syrian sun god; Sol, the patron god of Emperor Aurelian (AD 270-274); and Mithras, a soldiers' god of Persian origin. Emperor (218-222) introduced the festival, and it reached the height of its popularity under Aurelian, who promoted it as an empire-wide holiday that was a possible inspiration of Christmas.



Optical printer

An optical printer is a machine. It can be used to copy rolls of movies. It is made of one or more movie projectors, which are linked to a movie camera. It allows filmmakers to re-photograph one or more strips of movie. The optical printer is used for making special effects for motion pictures or for copying and restoring old movie material.

Common optical effects include fade outs and fade ins, dissolves, slow motion, fast motion, and matte work. More complicated work needs dozens of elements, all combined into a single scene. Ideally, the audience in a theater should not be able to notice any optical printer work, but this is not always the case. For economical reasons, especially in the 1950s, and later in TV series produced on movie, printer work was limited to only the actual parts of a scene needing the effect, so there is a clear change in the image quality when the transition occurs.

The first, simple optical printers were constructed in the early 1920s. Linwood G. Dunn developed the idea in the 1930s. The development continued well into the 1980s, when the printers were controlled with minicomputers.

Since the late 1980s, digital compositing began to replace optical effects. Since the mid nineties the conversion to digital effects has been almost total. Optical printing today is used most widely by artists working exclusively with movie. As a technique, it proves particularly useful for making copies of hand painted or physically manipulated movies.

Lares

Lares (pl.) were ancient Roman deities who protected the house and the family - household gods. See also Genius, Larvae, Di Penates, Manes.

Lares are presumed sons of Mercury and Lara, and deeply venerated by ancient Romans through small statues, usually put in higher places of the house, far from the floor, or even on the roof. 
In the early Roman times, in every house there was at least one little statue. Later, a sort of confusion connected their figure with those of Manes, deities of Hades (and the most virtuous dead persons of the family). Finally the confusion included the Penates (other minor deities) as well. 


Charter trustees

Charter trustees are the English district councillors for an area that used to be a city.

They are allowed by the "Charter Trustees Act 1985", so that some of the privileges and dignities of former city can be carried on.
Charter Trustees Acts 1985 c45

Quirinus

In Roman mythology, Quirinus was an early god of the Roman state. In Augustan Rome, Quirinus was also a name of Janus, as "Janus Quirinus".

Quirinus was originally most likely a Sabine god. The Sabines had a settlement near the site of what was to become Rome, and erected an altar to Quirinus on the "Collis Quirinalis", the "Quirinal Hill", one of the "Seven Hills of Rome". When the Romans settled there, they absorbed the cult of Quirinus into their early belief system — previous to direct Greek influence — and he was said to be the deified Romulus. 

In later times, however, Quirinus became far less important, losing his place to (Juno and Minerva and Mars' place). 

Kreisfreie stadt

The name kreisfreie Stadt (plural: "kreisfreie Städte") is used for German towns that have their own government. This town government is independent of the government of the next-higher level of authority, the "Landkreis". Today, most of the cities that have this statute, are big cities, with 100.000 people living there, or more. The concept grew historically. That means that there are big cities, with more than 100.000 people that do not have the statute. There are also some cities who have only taken a part of the responsibilities of a Landkreis (or Kreis). The smallest city with the statute is Zweibrücken. About 35.000 people live there. The biggest of these cities is Munich, with about 1.3 million people. Hamburg and Berlin are bigger. They are city states, though. The city state of Bremen (state) is made of two "kreisfreie Städte", the city of Bremen, and the city of Bremerhaven, about 60 km to the north. About half a million people live in Bremen (1.5 million in the agglomeration), about 117.000 people live in Bremerhaven.

But not every big city with more than 100.000 inhabitants is a "kreisfreie Stadt". Some of them, for example Recklinghausen or Göttingen (both more 120.000 inhabitants) are part of a "Landkreis".

There are very few cities, who only took part of the paperwork from the Landkreis. Some of these are called "Große selbständige Stadt" (Translates to "Big sovereign city"). They only seem to exist in Lower Saxony. They are:
Celle, Cuxhaven, Goslar, Hameln, Hildesheim, Lingen, and Lüneburg. Things like hunting permits cannot be delegated to the cities. Other things, like what to do with the trash have sometimes been delegated.

Similar concepts to that of the "kreisfreie Stadt" are Unitary authorities in the United Kingdom, or that of "independent city" in the United States.

Jet aircraft

Jet aircraft are aircraft with jet engines. Unlike propeller-powered aircraft, jet aircraft normally fly at altitudes as high as 100 to 1,5 meters, about 33 to . At these altitudes, jet engines can achieve maximum efficiency over long distances. The engines in propeller powered aircraft achieve their maximum efficiency at much lower altitudes. 

Downtown

Downtown (called a city centre in British English) is a word used in North America which refers to the main part of a city. It is usually the central business district where most commercial and office areas are; many of them being in skyscrapers. Tourism also concentrates there.

IEEE 802.11

IEEE 802.11 is a series of protocols for wireless networking. Often these are called Wireless LAN, "WLAN", or Wi-Fi. Such a protocol allows computers that have the needed radio parts to communicate with each other, without a cable. There are many types of Wi-Fi standards, known as 802.11 a, b, g, n, and recently ac & ad. These specifications are different in terms of speed and how far away you can use them.

The first Wi-Fi standard was made in 1997. It is called IEEE 802.11. It allows communication with 1-2 MBit per second. Today it is outdated, and rare. Later standards add a letter to the name. They are labelled IEEE 802.11a to IEEE 802.11g. There are plans for ones labeled h, i, j, n, p and s. They are all compatible with each other.

Newer standards have a Bit rate of 54 MBit/s. About 40-50% of this is usable in real-life situations. As of 2007, the standards most widely used are IEEE 802.11g, and IEEE 802.11b.

Data communication is done in the 2.4 GHz band and the 5 GHz band. The 2.4 GHz band is a general use band. Microwave ovens and Bluetooth are among the things that emit radio waves in this band. The 2.4 GHz band has the problem that there are only very few channels that can be used at the same time, without the signals interfering. There are three usable channels there. When more than three networks operate in the same place, signals still get to the user correctly, but interference slows them. 

The 5 GHz band can solve some of these problems, but it introduces others. That band has 19 usable channels. Overall the band is less used. However there are more regulations. Most devices need to be able to choose their channel to minimize interference. Some channels require that those participating can do Transmitter Power Control. This means they adapt the strength of the signal to what is actually needed. This helps reduce the amount of interference between different networks.

Wireless LAN

In computing, Wireless LAN (WLAN) or Wireless local area network is a term to refer to a Local Area Network that does not need cables to connect the different devices. Instead, radio waves and IEEE 802.11 are used to communicate.



Today, most technologies used for WLANs use Orthogonal Frequency Division Multiplexing. This means that several frequencies are used at the same time. Signals that are close to each other, but that belong to different channels do not disturb each other, as they use different coding schemes. Depending on the material used, it is possible to cover between 30 metres and 100 metres indoors; outdoors, the range is about 100-300m, if there are no obstacles.

Bluetooth

Bluetooth is a protocol for wireless communication over short distances. It was developed in the 1990s, to reduce the number of cables. Devices such as mobile phones, laptops, PCs, printers, digital cameras and video game consoles can connect to each other, and exchange information. This is done using radio waves. It can be done securely. Bluetooth is usually only used for relatively short distances, like a few metres. Some signals can be up to 100 metres.

There are different standards. Data rates vary. Currently, they are at 1-3 MBit per second. Typical Bluetooth applications are to connect a headset to a mobile phone, or to connect a computer mouse, keyboard or printer.

Bluetooth devices use the ISM Band around 2.4 GHz. This can be used worldwide, without the need to pay license fees, but many other devices, like DECT telephones (wireless phones), smart tags with RFID, baby phones use it too. Bluetooth uses the same bands as some WLANs, but the modulation technique is different. Bluetooth uses Frequency-hopping spread spectrum.

There are many situations today where either Bluetooth or Wireless LANs can be used. Examples include setting up networks, printing or transferring files and data from a PDA to a computer. Both are versions of unlicensed wireless technology. WLANs can span bigger distances and offer higher throughput. Bluetooth does not require expensive hardware. It also needs less power to operate.

Both use the same radio frequency range, but their modulation techniques are different. Both have been developed to replace cabling. Bluetooth wanted to get rid of the peripheral equipment cables, WLANs wanted to get rid of the cables needed to set up a LAN.

Bluetooth exists in many products, such as telephones, the Wii or PlayStation 3. It has recently been built into some electronic watches, modems and headsets. The technology is useful when transferring information between two or more devices that are near each other in low-bandwidth situations. Bluetooth is commonly used to transfer sound data with telephones (i.e. with a Bluetooth headset) or byte data with hand-held computers (transferring files).

Bluetooth uses protocols that make it easy to discover devices that are nearby, and to set up a connection between these devices. Bluetooth devices can advertise all the services they offer. Using services becomes easier; a lot of the setup related to security, networking or permissions is automatic.

WLANs are more like traditional LANs. More configuration is needed to set up the network, and to make resources accessible by other devices in the network. WLAN devices also consume more power than Bluetooth ones. 
Sometimes WLANs are called wireless Ethernet. WLAN needs more resources to be set up, but it also offers faster transfer speeds. The security is also better than that offered by Bluetooth.

Noraduz

Noraduz (or Noratus) is a site in the region of Gegharkunik in Armenia near Lake Sevan. It was formed a church dedicated to Sainte-mère-de-Dieu (built in the ninth century), and an exceptional site of medieval tombs. The tombstones are called Khachkars. Noraduz is the most important place for Khachkars in Armenia.



1921 New York Yankees season

The New York Yankees during 1921 (the 1921 season) was the 19th season for the Yankees in New York, and overall it was their 21st season. The season ended in the team having a record (the number of wins and losses) of 98-55 (98 wins, 55 losses). This was the first pennant won in Yankees history. They won the American League game pennant, replacing the previous winners, Cleveland Indians. The manager of their team was Miller Huggins. The Yankees home games were played on the Polo Grounds.



Hominidae

The hominids are members of the biological family Hominidae (the great apes). This family includes humans, chimpanzees, gorillas and orangutans. "Great ape" is a common name rather than a taxonomic label, and people use it in different ways. Sometimes people mean to include humans in the category of “great apes,” and sometimes they mean non-human apes. "Homo sapiens" is definitely a hominid, as judged by all modern reference works.

Hominids range in weight from 48 kg to 270 kg. Males are larger than females. Hominids are primates with no tails, strong bodies, and well-developed forearms. Their thumbs (and big toes, except in humans) oppose the fingers, and form a grip. All digits have flattened nails.

At present, the family Hominidae includes four genera and eight species. However, if fossil hominids were included, all of the Australopithecines and the genus "Homo" would be members of the Hominidae family. Today, nonhuman great apes live only in the rainforests of equatorial Africa, Sumatra and Borneo.

The first hominid fossils are from the Miocene period. Archaeologists found these in Asia and Europe. Also in Asia, they found fossils of a huge version of the orangutan called "Gigantopithecus", which is now extinct. Fossils also show that Neanderthals were in Europe and western Asia for at least half a million years before modern humans appeared.

Scholars do not agree on exactly how to classify the family Hominidae.

In the past, the family Hominidae have been classified this way:

A more recent classification shows humans and the Australopithecines as distinct from the rainforest apes. Two major reference works have supported this approach.

Superfamily Hominoidea


Acropolis of Athens

The Acropolis of Athens is the most famous acropolis. It is a large hill, in the center of Athens, on which the Parthenon and other Greek buildings were built. It is often known as "The" Acropolis.


Toki Pona

Toki Pona is a constructed language. Sonja Lang, a Canadian translator and linguist, made this language. The words " mean "good language" or "simple language".

Toki Pona uses simple ideas that all cultures know. However, Lang did not make Toki Pona as an international auxiliary language (a language to help people speaking different languages). She made it to test ideas about minimalism (taking out things that are not needed) and pidgins. She also used Taoist ideas.

Toki Pona only has about 137 words. Words can be used together to talk about other ideas. For example, ' means "person", and ' means "good". So, " can mean "friend", a person who is good. This is why there does not need to be one word for "friend". The small number of words can talk about many ideas in this way.

There are a few words that show the structure of the sentence. They do not mean anything by themselves. For example, the word "" shows that the next word is a verb (a word that tells about an action or a state).

Toki Pona can be written in the Latin alphabet. English also uses this alphabet. In Toki Pona, some of the letters make different sounds than they do in English. Each letter in Toki Pona always makes the same sound.

Sonja Lang made her own writing system for Toki Pona. It is called '. In English, this means "good writing" or "simple writing". This system uses pictograms (small drawings based off of how things look). They help show what words mean, not how they sound. People who write in ' can put two pictograms together by putting the second one either on top of, or inside, the first one. Many Toki Pona speakers write with this system.

Some Toki Pona speakers make other ways to write this language.

Lord's Prayer (translated by Pije/Jopi):

mama pi mi mute o, sina lon sewi kon.
nimi sina li sewi.
ma sina o kama.
jan o pali e wile sina lon sewi kon en lon ma.
o pana e moku pi tenpo suno ni tawa mi mute.
o weka e pali ike mi. sama la mi weka e pali ike pi jan ante.
o lawa ala e mi tawa ike.
o lawa e mi tan ike.
tenpo ali la sina jo e ma e wawa e pona.
Amen.


Canadian Hurricane Centre

The Canadian Hurricane Centre (CHC) is a Canadian agency that is responsible for monitoring and tracking tropical cyclones that come near or affects Canadian territory. The agency warns people about on-coming tropical cyclones and makes hurricane advisories when needed. Its headquarters are in Dartmouth, Nova Scotia.

CHC usually works together with its United States counterpart, the National Hurricane Center in Miami, to coordinate the tracks and positions of all storms that show a possible threat to Canada.

While Atlantic hurricanes are normally uncommon in Canada, they do approach or strike from time to time. Among recent events are Hurricane Bob, which struck New Brunswick, in 1991, Hurricane Luis which struck Newfoundland in September 1995, Hurricane Hortense which struck Nova Scotia in September 1996, Hurricane Michael which struck Newfoundland in October 2000, and Hurricane Juan, which struck Nova Scotia in September 2003.


V-type asteroid

V-type asteroids or Vestoids are asteroids that are similar to 4 Vesta. It is the largest asteroid in this class. This is where the name "V-type" comes from.

Vulcan (Star Trek)

Vulcans are a humanoid species in the fictional "Star Trek" universe who hail from the planet Vulcan, and are noted for their attempt to live by reason and logic with no interference from emotion. (In One Epsiode of Star Trek The Next Generation Android Data and Spock work together to solve a Romulian cypher-Spock remarks that Data has acheived the perfect Vulcan state of Pure Logic without emotion; Data remarks that SPock despite his efforts still feels emotion which Data is trying to acheive) They were the first extraterrestrial species encountered by Humans, and later became one of the founding members of the United Federation of Planets. Vulcans are featured in all six Star Trek series, four of which featured a Vulcan as a main character.



Keck Observatory

The W. M. Keck Observatory is a pair of two large, ground-based telescopes located at Mauna Kea, Hawaii. Sitting four km (more than two miles) above sea level, the paired telescopes are used to examine light from distant stars in great detail. The primary mirrors of each of the two telescopes are 10 meters (33 feet) across, making them slightly smaller than the Gran Telescopio Canarias primary mirrors.

However, all of the light collected by the Keck Observatory primary mirrors (75.76m2) is sent to the secondary mirror and the instruments, compared to GTC's primary mirror, which has an effective light-collection area of 73.4m2, or 25.4 square feet less than each of the Keck Observatory primary mirrors. Because of this fundamental difference in design, Keck Observatory's telescopes arguably remain the largest steerable, optical/infrared telescopes on Earth.



Vulcan

Vulcan could mean:










HED meteorite

The HED meteorites are a group of achondrite meteorite types:
These are all thought to have come from the crust of the asteroid 4 Vesta. Their differences are due to different geologic histories of the parent rock. Their crystallization ages are between 4.43 and 4.55 billion years ago, by their radioisotope ratios.

Metamorphic rock

A metamorphic rock is a type of rock which has been changed by extreme heat and pressure. Its name is from 'morph' (meaning form), and 'meta' (meaning change).

The original rock gets heated (temperatures greater than 150 to 200 °C) and pressured (1500 bars). This causes profound physical and/or chemical change. The original rock may be sedimentary rock, igneous rock or another older metamorphic rock.

There is always more pressure and higher temperature under the Earth's surface. In the root of a mountain chain or a volcano these forces will be enough to change shape of the strata and the minerals it is made of. Sedimentary rock which has been near such forces often looks as if a giant had twisted it and heated it over a fire. Examples of metamorphic rock:

The recrystallisation of minerals after heating generally causes the destruction of any fossils the rocks might have contained. These rocks are formed when igneous or sedimentary rocks are subjected to extreme heat and pressure. As a result, they undergo a complete change in their form and characteristics. Rocks who have been changed in this way are called metamorphic rocks.

Regional metamorphism, or dynamic metamorphism, occurs in great masses of rock. Rocks can be metamorphosed just by being at great depths below the Earth's surface. There they get high temperatures and the great weight of the rock layers above.

Much of the lower continental crust is metamorphic, except for recent igneous intrusions. Horizontal tectonic movements such as the collision of continents create orogenic belts. High temperature, pressures and deformation occurs along these belts. If the metamorphosed rocks are later uplifted and exposed by erosion, they are seen as long belts or other large areas at the surface.

Contact metamorphism occurs when magma is injected into the surrounding solid rock (country rock). The changes that occur are greatest where the magma comes into contact with the rock. The temperatures were highest there and decreased with distance from it.

Every mineral is stable only within certain limits. When certain minerals appear in metamorphic rocks this shows the approximate temperatures and pressures the rock experienced. These minerals are known as "index minerals". Sillimanite, kyanite, staurolite, andalusite, and some garnet are examples.

Other minerals, such as olivines, pyroxenes, amphiboles, micas, feldspars, and quartz may be found in metamorphic rocks. These minerals formed during the crystallization of igneous rocks. They are stable at high temperatures and pressures and may remain chemically unchanged during the metamorphic process.



Extrusion

Extrusive means to the mode of igneous volcanic rock formation in which hot magma from inside the Earth flows out (extrudes) onto the surface as lava or explodes violently into the atmosphere to fall back as pyroclastics or tuff. This is opposed to intrusive rock formation, in which magma does not reach the surface.

Extruded when talking about an artificial material like soft metals like aluminium, plastic or glass means that it is pushed out of a nozzle when the material is in a soft state. The shape of the nozzle will vary depending on the shape required in the finished product

Intrusion

An intrusion is magma (melted rock) which cools and becomes solid under the Earth's surface. It occurs when there are lines of weakness such as faults, joints, or bedding planes in the crust. Then magma enters these lines of weakness. By contrast, an extrusion is magma which cools into rock above the surface of the crust. Both intrusive and extrusive rocks are classed as igneous rocks.

The process of forming intrusive rocks may take millions of years. As the rock slowly cools into a solid, the different parts of the magma crystallize into minerals. The crystals are usually larger than in extrusive rocks. Many mountain ranges, such as the Sierra Nevada in California, are formed mostly by intrusive rock. Often they are huge granite (or related rock) formations.

Intrusions vary widely, from mountain range sized batholiths to thin vein-like fracture fillings. When exposed by erosion, these cores called batholiths may occupy huge areas of Earth's surface. Large bodies of magma that solidify underground before they reach the surface of the crust are called plutons.

Intrusive structures may go between bedding planes of earlier 'country' rock. A sill is an intrusion which makes a table along bedding planes. A dyke is an intrusion which moves up, crossing older strata.


Radiation pressure

Radiation pressure is the pressure exerted upon any surface exposed to electromagnetic radiation. If absorbed, the pressure is the energy flux density divided by the speed of light. If the radiation is totally reflected, the radiation pressure is doubled. This happens because the waves that make up electromagnetic radiation carry momentum with them and pass that momentum on when they reach a surface.

A Crookes radiometer appears to demonstrate the pressure of light, but instead it demonstrate the energy that light brings to a surface. The black side of each paddle absorbs most of the light's energy an causes the air near that surface to have a higher pressure. So, while a Crookes radiometer turns because of pressure, it is air pressure caused by the heat energy that light brings to the device. 

The solar radiation at Earth's distance from the Sun has an energy flux density of 1370 W/m, and more than half of this energy reaches surface. A calculation shows that this value of the flux would cause on an absorbing surface to experience 4.6 µPa of radiation pressure. A convenient way to compare the Sun's energy flux and radiation pressure is to imagine the pressure and energy deposited on one square meter:

To understand how small a micro-newton is, convert calculate how much mass you need on Earth to get that force using formula_3:

The difference between the energy flux and the pressure is like the difference between the heat coming through a large window and the weight of a very small mosquito.


Kirkwood gap

Kirkwood gaps are areas of the asteroid belt where asteroids are unusually scarce, as seen in the . They are caused by orbital resonances with Jupiter.

The gaps were first noticed in 1857 by Daniel Kirkwood, who also correctly explained their origin in the orbital resonances with Jupiter while a professor at Jefferson College in Canonsburg, Pennsylvania.


Ca-Al-rich inclusions

Ca-Al-rich inclusions (CAIs) are inclusions found in carbonaceous chondrites. These inclusions are about long. They are light-colored and made of calcium and aluminum. High-temperature minerals are often found in CAIs. These objects are among the first solid objects to be created by the cooling of a protoplanetary disk. CAIs are formed at much higher temperatures than the associated chondrules. They may have survived many high-temperature events while most chondrules are created in a single melting event.

The isotopic anomalies of CAIs give important information about the creation of the solar system. The studying of them suggests that the solar nebula collapsed soon after a nearby supernova. Radiometric dating shows that the CAIs formed about 2 million years before the chondrules formed.


Eucrite

Eucrites are achondritic stony meteorites that originate from the surface of the asteroid 4 Vesta, and as such are part of the HED meteorite group. They are the most common achondrite group with well over 100 distinct finds at present.

Eucrites consist of basaltic rock from the crust of 4 Vesta. They are mostly made up of Ca-poor pyroxene, pigeonite, and Ca-rich plagioclase (anorthite).

Eucrites are named from a Greek word meaning "easily distinguished".


81P/Wild

Comet 81P/Wild, also known as Wild 2, is a comet named after Swiss astronomer Paul Wild (pronounced "Vilt"), who discovered it in 1978.

It is believed that for most of its 4.5 billion-year lifetime, Wild 2 had a more distant and circular orbit. In 1974, it passed within only about one million kilometers of the planet Jupiter, whose strong gravitational pull altered the comet's orbit and brought it into the inner solar system. Its orbital period changed from 40 years to about 6 years, and its perihelion is now about 1.59 AU (astronomical unit).


Barrel (weapons)

A barrel is a part of a gun. It is a long metal tube that the bullet or projectile goes through after it is fired. Guns can have many different sizes of barrels. Usually, longer barrels make it easier for the bullet to hit the target more often. Barrels usually have spiral grooves on the inside called rifling. Barrels with grooves spin the projectile around faster as it exits the gun. This makes the projectile more stable in flight and more accurate.

Shell (projectile)

A shell is a type of projectile used in weapons. It is filled with explosive or other things such as an incendiary device. It is similar to a bomb but is made to be shot out of a gun. Shells are usually large caliber projectiles fired by artillery, armored vehicles (including tanks), and warships. A fuze detonates the explosive or releases whatever else the shell may be carrying.

Anti-tank guns fire thick shells without much explosive inside. Shells usually have the shape of a cylinder but taper towards the front end to form a point. However, special shells may use other shapes.

Ion thruster

An ion thruster is a type of spacecraft thruster. It works by using static electricity or magnetism to push ions (atoms that have an electric charge) out of the back of the spacecraft. It takes a very long time for the spacecraft to speed up, but the fuel is used very efficiently. A thruster that has very high efficiency is said to have a high specific impulse.

It has to be carried into outer space by a regular rocket, because the ions don't push hard enough for it to escape the Earth's atmosphere, but after it gets to outer space it can travel a very long way. An ion thruster needs lots of electricity to work, so the spacecraft needs a very good way of producing electricity, such as solar panels or a nuclear reactor.

Ion thrusters are good for travelling between things in space that are very far away from each other. One example of this is interplanetary travel. Ion thrusters are good for this because they are efficient and can thrust for very long times. Chemical rocket thrusters ("regular" rocket thrusters) can only burn for short times, because they use fuel quickly and not efficiently. Because of this, chemical rockets only thrust for short times at important places during the journey. Ion thrusters use fuel very slowly and very efficiently. This means that ion thrusters can thrust continuously for the entire journey. In a slightly surprising way, this makes spacecraft that use ion thrusters faster than spacecraft that use chemical rockets.

Ion thrusters have been used on small space probes. In 2011 the NASA space probe called Dawn used an ion thruster to get to the asteroid named Vesta. In 2015 the thruster brought Dawn to the dwarf planet named Ceres.

Pistol

A pistol is a handgun. The word may be used broadly to mean any handgun, or narrowly to mean only a magazine pistol, as distinct from a revolver. 

In a magazine pistol, the cartridges are in a magazine, which is a metal or plastic box. The magazine is usually inside the handle of the pistol. When the pistol is fired, the empty cartridge pops out, and the next one comes up into position. The magazine is spring-loaded so it pushes the next bullet into place as the empty cartridge is ejected. For that reason pistols are sometimes called "semi-automatic". When the magazine runs out of cartridges, it can be reloaded by inserting more cartridges. 

The term has long been variously used. For example, in the American Old West revolvers were used but were then (and even today by some) called pistols. The word "pistol" entered English before 1600, from the French. At that time it usually meant a single-shot handgun.

One of the most important rules of gun safety is to keep guns out of the hands of children. Guns should be locked up and kept away from children and others who do not appreciate how deadly they are. Pistols like all guns should always be handled carefully. Always keep the gun pointed in a safe direction. A shooter should keep their fingers away from the trigger until the moment they intend to shoot. Always respect guns as a tool that can cause harm if used incorrectly. Always assume a gun is loaded until you are certain it is not.

A bullet is not the only part of a gun that can cause injury. Hearing protection will protect the eardrums of the shooter and those nearby. These can be inexpensive foam earplugs or more costly hearing protectors that have a Noise Reduction Rating or NRR. The higher the NRR number the better. Eye protection should be worn at all times while shooting or observing other shooters. Their impact-resistant lenses protect against bullet fragments, stray bits of gunpowder, and other debris.

The advantage of pistols over revolvers lies in the somewhat faster reloading of magazines that carry more bullets that a revolver's five or six rounds. This is why most police and military organizations use pistols. Also, pistols are often thinner and can be worn concealed better than revolvers. 
Pistols have a few disadvantages when compared to revolvers. They are more complicated and have more moving parts. A pistol may use heavier springs that younger and elderly shooters may find difficult to use.

Modern pistols usually only fire one shot every time you pull the trigger. Some special pistols, called machine pistols, can fire more than one shot at a time. Some famous pistols are the Colt M1911 and the Beretta 92. 

Pistols were not often used in the western United States during the 1800s. They used revolvers. The first successful pistol being used then was the Borchardt C-93. It was designed in 1893, and became available in 1894.



Submachine gun

A submachine gun is a type of gun that shoots many bullets, usually pistol bullets, when one holds down the trigger. A submachine gun is smaller than a machine gun and can easily be carried by one person. They are often used where people need to defend themselves in small areas, or people need to fire many bullets quickly. The first submachine guns were invented in the early 1900s. They are often used by the police and counter-terrorism units .

In the early 20th century, experiments were made by converting pistols from semi to fully automatic firearms. Automatic weapons with gunstock and firing pistol rounds were developed around the same time during World War I, by Italy, Germany, and the United States. The first dedicated designs were developed in the latter stages of World War I both as improvements on earlier stocked pistols, and to offer an advantage in trench warfare.

They were popularized in the 1920s and '30s as weapon of choice of American gangsters and police, in the form of the famous Thompson submachine gun, commonly referred to as the "Tommy Gun". Submachine guns rose to prominence as a frontline close-quarters combat weapon and commando firearm during World War II. They are now widely used by police SWAT, military commando, paramilitary, and counter-terror team members for a variety of situations. 

Submachine guns are highly effective in close quarters; their lower-powered pistol cartridges make them generally more controllable in fully-automatic fire compared to assault rifles, while their small size and light weight grant maneuverability. However, pistol bullets often are stopped by body armor or cover, and are short-ranged compared to intermediate and rifle cartridges.

World War II developments were many and interesting. In Germany the development of machine carbines ("Maschinenkarabiner") was notable. From 1939 onwards the German Army analyzed combat conditions and developed new tactics and equipment requirements. The existing 7.92x57mm rifle cartridge was more powerful and long ranged than needed. Most combat took place at ranges less than 400 m (440 yards). A less powerful round (bullet) could be used. This meant a soldier could carry more ammunition, the weapon could be shorter, lighter and with less recoil. The gun could be an automatic.

Achieving this took time. Work in 1941 and 1942 led at last to a reliable weapon, the StG 44 (Sturmgewehr 44) "assault rifle 44". This was then produced in large numbers (over 600,000). It came too late to effect the Second World War, but was later adapted as the Soviet AK 47.


Elena V. Pitjeva

Elena Vladimirovna Pitjeva is a Russian theoretical physicist at the Institute of Applied Astronomy, Russian Academy of Sciences, St. Petersburg. She is noted for her work on ephemerides and is currently head of the Laboratory of Ephemeris Astronomy at the Institute of Applied Astronomy. Pitjeva is a member of the International Astronomical Union Commission 4: Ephemerides.

Pitjeva earned her undergraduate degree from the Faculty of Mathematics and Mechanics at A. A. Zhdanov Leningrad State University in 1972 in the specialty of astronomy. She earned an M.A. in theoretical physics in 1994 and a Ph.D. in theoretical physics in 2005. She was a student of Professor G.A. Krasinski.



Socialist Reich Party

The Socialist Reich Party of Germany (German: "Sozialistische Reichspartei Deutschlands") was a political party in West Germany. It was formed in 1949.

It was openly Neo-Nazi and admired Hitler. It split from the German Empire Party. Leaders included Otto Ernst Remer, a former Major General, and Fritz Dorls.

The SRP claimed West Germany's first Chancellor, Konrad Adenauer was a crony or puppet leader who was beholden to the United States, and that Karl Dönitz (who Hitler named as his successor in 1945) had been the last legally legitimate leader of Germany.

The SRP also falsely maintained that the Holocaust never happened, and for example, spread disinformation that the ovens used to cremate the murdered victims in the Dachau concentration camp were in fact built by United States military authorities after occupying Germany in 1945. The SRP wanted Europe to be dominated by a reunited Germany, a restored Reich that would neither be capitalist like West Germany or communist like East Germany.

The SRP never openly criticized the Soviet Union, and it is likely because the Soviets secretly funded the party to discredit and destabilize West Germany and its US allies. 

The SRP had its own paramilitary organization, the Reichsfront.

The SRP had about ten thousand members and, in 1952, won 16 seats in the Lower Saxony Landtag election, and 8 seats in Bremen.

It was banned in 1952 by the Federal Constitutional Court of Germany, the only court in West Germnay with the power to do so.


International Fight League

The International Fight League was an American mixed martial arts (MMA) league and is the world's first MMA league. It was founded on January 7, 2006 and closed on July 31, 2008.

Instead of the established norm for MMA events, where matchups are strictly one-on-one affairs, each IFL card was a showdown between two teams of five fighters, each fighter fighting one match against another on the opposing team. The IFL was shown in the United States on Fox Sports Net and MyNetworkTV.


Anton Chekhov

Anton Pavlovich Chekhov (January 29, 1860 - July 15, 1904) was a Russian writer who wrote short stories and plays.

Anton Chekhov was born in Taganrog, which is a city in Russia. His father, Pavel, was the owner of a grocery store. His mother, Yevgeniya, sometimes told Anton stories about her childhood.

In 1876, Chekhov's father went bankrupt. From then on, Chekhov's family was very poor. Anton Chekhov had to pay for his own education. He paid for it by tutoring (teaching) other students, catching birds and selling them, and writing short stories for newspapers. When he had extra money, he sent it to his family. While he was at school, he read many books by famous authors, for example Miguel de Cervantes and Arthur Schopenhauer.

In 1879, Chekhov went to Moscow University.

While he was at Moscow University, Chekhov wrote many short stories to pay for his schooling and to help his family. In 1886, one of the most famous newspapers in Russia, "New Times", asked him to write stories for them. Soon, his stories started to get famous, and other writers read his work and liked it. He wrote a book of stories called "At Dusk" that won the Pushkin Prize, an award for good writing.

In 1887, Chekhov wrote a play called "Ivanov". Chekhov did not like the play, but critics loved it.

In 1890, Chekhov went to Sakhalin Island, a penal colony (prison). He talked to many prisoners and found out that they were treated very badly. The prisoners were often beaten. There were also children there. He was angry, and wrote about it in a book called "The Island Of Sakhalin" and in a short story called "The Murder".

In 1892, he bought a house and some land near Moscow called Melikhovo. While he was there, he helped the people who lived nearby. He brought them food and clothing, and medicine when they were sick. Since he was trained as a doctor, he knew how to take care of them.

While at Melikhovo, he started to write a play called "The Seagull". When it was first performed, it went very badly, and the audience did not like it. Later, it was performed at another theater, the Moscow Art Theater, where the performances went better. Soon after this, he had another play performed, called "Uncle Vanya". He later wrote two more great plays: "Three Sisters" and "The Cherry Orchard". All four plays are still often performed today.

In 1897, he became sick. Doctors told him that he had tuberculosis, a lung disease, and that he should change his life to be healthier. He moved to Yalta and bought a house there. In 1901 he married a woman named Olga Knipper. At Yalta, he wrote some of his most famous stories, including a story called "The Lady With The Dog".

By 1904, Chekhov was very sick. He died on the 15th of July in Germany. Thousands of people were very sad when he died. He was buried in Novodevichy Cemetery.

Chekhov influenced many important writers, including George Bernard Shaw, James Joyce, and Virginia Woolf. His short stories are still read by many people around the world.



Labour and Social Justice – The Electoral Alternative

Labour and Social Justice – The Electoral Alternative ( or WASG) was a German political party founded in 2005 by people who did not like the Social Democratic–Green government.

On 16 June 2007, it merged with The Left Party.PDS to form the a party The Left ("Die Linke") party. At the time of its merger with The Left Party.PDS about 11,600 people were members.

Deutsche Reichspartei

The Deutsche Reichspartei (DRP) ("German Reich Party", "German Imperial Party" or "German Empire Party") was a nationalist political party in West Germany. It was a merger of the German Conservative Party - Deutsche Right Party (DKP-DRP) and the old Hessian Nationaldemokratischen Partei (NDP).

Some of the DRP's founders were: Alexander Andrae, Oskar Lutz, Hans Bernd von Grünberg, Wilhelm Meinberg, Otto Heß, Hans Schikora, Heinrich Kunstmann, Adolf von Thadden.

In 1949 the Sozialistische Reichspartei (SRP) split from the DRP. This was because the Empire Party was not neo-Nazi, and did not want to be associated with Adolf Hitler. Instead the party preferred to say how good the Second German Empire (1870-1919) was. 

The Deutsche Reichspartei did become more national socialist after 1952. This is when the Sozialistische Reichspartei was banned by the Federal Constitutional Court of Germany and a lot of its members re-joined the Empire Party.

The party was not very successful in the 1950s, but seemed to be getting more popular after the state elections of 1959. But the success did not last, and the party held its final conference in 1964 when it was dissolved. It was quickly replaced by the new Nationaldemokratische Partei Deutschlands.


Fukuoka Prefecture

The area of Fukuoka Prefecture includes the old provinces of Chikugo, Chikuzen, and Buzen.


Fukuoka Prefecture faces the sea on three sides. The prefecture borders Saga, Ōita, and Kumamoto prefectures. Fukuoka is near Yamaguchi Prefecture across the Kanmon Straits.

Fukuoka includes the two largest cities on Kyūshū, Fukuoka and Kitakyūshū. Small islands are near the north coast of the prefecture.

There are 28 cities in the prefecture:
These are the towns and villages in each district of the prefecture
National Parks are established in about 18% of the total land area of the prefecture.

"Kōra taisha", "Sumiyoshi-jinja", "Hakosagi-gū" and "Usa-jinjū" are the chief Shinto shrines ("ichinomiya") in the prefecture. 


Evening Prayer (Anglican)

Evening Prayer (often called Evensong), in the Anglican Church, is the traditional service when people come to church to worship in the late afternoon or early evening. In cathedrals in Britain and in some of the old university chapels it is a service that is sung by a choir nearly every day of the week (there is usually one day of the week when there is no choir and everything is spoken). In cathedrals it is usually just the choir and the priests who sing, while the congregation listen. There is sometimes one hymn at the end in which the congregation can join in. Evensong in churches will have more singing for the congregation to join in.

The form of Evensong used today was developed by Thomas Cranmer in the 16th century. There were two kinds of services, called "vespers" and "compline" that used to be sung every day by monks in monasteries. Cranmer took some of the words that were used in both these services and made today's form of Evening Prayer (Evensong).

The main idea in Evensong is the celebration of the incarnation of Christ: this is the story about Christ coming to the world in the form of a person and living among people. The words of the Magnificat and the Nunc Dimittis are always used in the service. The Magnificat is the song that Mary sang when she was told that she was going to have a baby who would be God’s son. The Nunc Dimittis is the song that was sung by the priest Simeon who had been promised by God that he would live long enough to see Jesus. Both these sets of words are from the New Testament.

Many churches now use the words from "Common Worship" or some other modern prayer book for their services. However, when Evensong is sung by a choir the words used are usually from the old traditional "Book of Common Prayer" (1662). This is because, for more than four centuries, so much great music has been composed that uses these words.

Because there is no communion at evensong, the service can be led by a layperson (someone who is not a “qualified” priest).

An evensong service will consist of the following:


The organist usually plays some organ music before and after the service. On Sundays there may be a sermon.

In churches the Magnificat and the Nunc dimittis (canticles), like the psalm, are often sung to a chant. This is a tune which repeats itself for every verse or every two verses and is sung to the natural rhythm in which it would be spoken. In cathedrals, or in churches with a good choir, the two canticles are sung to special music (like an anthem) composed by some well-known composer. There is usually an organ accompaniment. 

Many composers, especially Anglican church composers, wrote settings (music) for these two canticles (which choir members often called “Mag and Nunc”). Such composers include Edward Bairstow, Herbert Brewer, Orlando Gibbons, Herbert Howells, Henry Purcell, Charles Stanford, Herbert Sumsion, Thomas Tallis, Thomas Weelkes, Samuel Wesley and many others. Some of the composers wrote several settings. This is why different settings are often identified by the key they are in, e.g. Stanford in G, Stanford in C etc. Sometimes they can be identified by the cathedral for which they were written. Herbert Howells, for example, wrote Mag and Nunc settings for several cathedrals and chapels. These can be identified by calling them: Howells’ Gloucester Service, Collegium Regale (=King’s College, Cambridge) etc.

In a sung evensong the choir will also sing an "introit" which is a very short piece at the beginning of the service. They will sing a psalm to a chant, and there will also be an anthem.


Regierender Bürgermeister

The Regierender Bürgermeister () of Berlin is the head of government of the city. The Governing Mayor is the equivalent of the Minister President of the bigger States of Germany.

The Regierender Bürgermeister is elected by the Abgeordentenhaus (). He then appoints up to eight Senators. The Senators are ministers in charge of the departments of the city government. Two of the senators are also Mayors. The Mayors are the deputies of the Governing Mayor.

Alice in Chains

Alice in Chains is an American rock band that formed in Seattle, Washington in 1987. They have sold an estimated 15 million albums in the US alone. Alice in Chains is sometimes thought of as a heavy metal band, but is mostly considered a grunge band.

The band's first lead singer, Layne Staley, became addicted to drugs. He often wrote about drug addiction in his lyrics. He died in Seattle in April 2002 after a fatal drug overdose. William DuVall took over as the lead singer in 2006.






Lutz Graf Schwerin von Krosigk

Johann Ludwig "Lutz" Graf Schwerin von Krosigk (22 August 1887 – 4 March 1977) was a German politician.

Johann Ludwig von Krosigk was born in Rathmannsdorf, in the Kingdom of Saxony. His father was from a noble family in Anhalt, his mother was a daughter of one of the Counts ("Graf") von Schwerin. He studied law and politics in Halle, in Lausanne and, as a Rhodes Scholar, at the University of Oxford.

He became a Lieutenant in the German Army during World War I, and he won the Iron Cross. In 1918, Krosigk married Baroness Ehrengard von Plettenberg. They had four sons and five daughters.

Schwerin von Krosigkut was a conservative, but not a member of any political party when was appointed Minister of Finance by Franz von Papen in 1932. President Paul von Hindenburg asked him to stay in office under Kurt von Schleicher. Hitler kept him as finance minister throughout the period of Nazi Party rule, even though several members of his family took part in attempts to kill Hitler.

On 1 May 1945, Schwerin von Krosigk was asked to be the Chancellor ("Reichskanzler") of the Flensburg cabinet by the new President ("Reichspräsident") Karl Dönitz.

On 7 May 1945, Dönitz allowed the German Army to surrender at Rheims before General Eisenhower.

Winston Churchill recognised the Flensburg Government de facto because he said the surrender was allowed by "Grand Admiral Dönitz the designated Head of State". The government was dissolved when its members were captured by British forces on 23 May 1945, at Flensburg.

Schwerin von Krosigk was tried at the Ministries Trial at Nuremberg along with other leading members of the Nazi Government. Schwerin von Krosigk was sentenced to 10 years imprisonment but was released during an amnesty in 1951.

In later years Schwerin von Krosigk wrote several books about economics policy and two versions of his memoirs.

He was one of the first to talk about an "Iron Curtain" coming down across Europe, in a broadcast to the German people on 2 May 1945, a phrase which he had picked up from an article by Joseph Goebbels, and later used by Winston Churchill in a speech that made the phrase famous.

Schwerin von Krosigk died in 1977 in the town of Essen, Germany, aged 89.



Cockney Rejects

The Cockney Rejects is an Oi! punk rock band that formed in the East End of London in 1979.

East End of London

The East End of London, known locally as the East End, generally means the area of central London, England, east of the medieval walled City of London and north of the River Thames. It is poorer and is cheaper to live in than the West End, so it has had many immigrants over the years, including Huguenot, Irish, Jews and more recently Bengalis.

Suidae

Suidae is the family to which pigs and their relatives belong. Several species are currently recognised, including the domestic pig. In addition to numerous species of wild pig, the family includes the babirusa and the warthog.


Trdat of Iberia

T'rdat (Georgian: თრდატი), sometimes Latinized as "Tiridates", of the Chosroid Dynasty, was the king of Iberia (Kartli, eastern Georgia) from c. 394 to 406.

Georgian chronicles have said that he is the son of Rev, son of Mirian III, the first Christian king of Iberia. He is reported to have succeeded by his relative and son-in-law, Varaz-Bakur II, and to have been forced to pay tribute to the Sasanids of Iran. The chronicles praise his piety and credit Trdat with the construction of churches at Rustavi and Nekresi.


The Nutcracker

The Nutcracker is a classical ballet in two acts. It is based on E.T.A. Hoffmann's 1816 fairy tale "The Nutcracker and the Mouse King". It tells the story of a little girl who goes to the Land of Sweets on Christmas Eve. Ivan Vsevolozhsky and Marius Petipa adapted Hoffmann's story for the ballet. Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky wrote the music. Marius Petipa and Lev Ivanov designed the dances. "The Nutcracker" was first performed at the Mariinsky Theatre in St. Petersburg, Russia, on 18 December 1892 to a modest success and rarely seen the next years.

In 1940, Walt Disney used some of the "Nutcracker" music in his animated movie "Fantasia", which led to an interest in the ballet. Interest grew when George Balanchine's "The Nutcracker" was televised in the late 1950s. The ballet has been performed in many different places since then. Before the first performance, Tchaikovsky took some numbers from the ballet to form the "Nutcracker Suite". This work was a great success on the concert stage, and is still played today.

The origin of "The Nutcracker" has its roots in the great success of "The Sleeping Beauty" ballet. This ballet was staged at the Mariinsky Theatre in St. Petersburg, Russia, in 1890. It was the work of the director of the Imperial Theatres in St. Petersburg, Ivan Vsevolozhsky; the composer, Tchaikovsky; and the choreographer, Marius Petipa. Vsevolozsky thought another ballet based on a children's story would be just as successful as "The Sleeping Beauty".

He picked Hoffmann's 1816 fairy tale "The Nutcracker and the Mouse King" as the subject for the new ballet. This story was loved by Russians. He wrote an adaptation of Hoffmann's story based on the Alexandre Dumas translation. He dropped much of the original. Petipa adapted Vsevolozsky's story to the requirements of ballet. Vsevolozsky then pressured Tchaikovsky into writing the music for the ballet. Tchaikovsky did not like the adaptation of Hoffmann's story, but he agreed to write the music.

Petipa designed the dances. He gave Tchaikovsky special directions about how the music was to be written. For example, he wanted a great "crescendo" of 48 bars as the Christmas tree rose higher and higher in Act 1. He wrote that the music for the "Dance of the Sugar Plum Fairy" should sound like drops of water splashing in a fountain.

In March 1892 the music was almost complete. Tchaikovsky took the "Dance of the Sugar Plum Fairy", the "Waltz of the Flowers", and other numbers from the ballet to form the 20-minute "Nutcracker Suite". It was first played for the Russian Musical Society. The organization's members loved it. "Nutcracker Suite" is still played today.

Tchaikovsky completed the music for the ballet in April 1892. Rehearsals started in September 1892. Petipa fell ill and his assistant Lev Ivanov completed the dances. The ballet was first performed on 18 December 1892 at the Mariinsky Theatre in St. Petersburg. Tchaikovsky's one-act opera "Iolanta" was played before the curtain rose on "The Nutcracker". The run ended in 1893 after eleven performances.

In 1919, choreographer Alexander Gorsky staged a production. He cut out the Sugar Plum Fairy and her Cavalier, and gave their dances to Clara and the Nutcracker Prince. They were now played by adults instead of children. A shortened version of the ballet was first performed outside Russia in Budapest's Royal Opera House in 1927.

In 1934, Vasili Vainonen, choreographer of the Kirov Ballet, staged a version of the work which was also influenced by the criticisms of the original production. He also cast adult dancers in the roles of Clara and the Prince, as Gorsky had. The Vainonen version influenced several later productions. Knowledge of the choreography spread because many dancers went to the west after the Russian Revolution.

The first complete performance outside Russia took place in England in 1934. It was staged by Nicholas Sergeyev at the Vic-Wells Ballet. It used a version of Petipa's original choreography. Annual performances of the ballet have been staged there since 1952.

The ballet takes place in Germany in the early 19th century. The curtain rises on a Christmas Eve party in the Silberhaus home. Guests arrive. The children get their presents, then dance about the room.

The door opens. A strange little man named Drosselmeyer comes into the room. He is a toy-maker. He is also Clara Silberhaus's godfather. He has four dancing dolls for the children and a special surprise for Clara. It is a nutcracker. She loves it, but her brother Fritz accidentally breaks it. She places the Nutcracker in her doll bed to get well.

The party ends and everyone leaves. Clara and her family go to bed. Clara creeps back to the room. She needs to be certain her Nutcracker is resting quietly. All of a sudden, mice start running about the room. The dolls, the tin soldiers, and all the other playthings come to life to fight the mice.

The Christmas tree rises higher and higher. The Nutcracker jumps out of the doll bed to fight the Mouse King. When the Nutcracker is in danger, Clara saves his life by throwing her slipper at the Mouse King. The Mouse King runs out of the room with all the other mice.

The Nutcracker becomes a human prince. Clara and the Nutcracker Prince set off through the snowy woods for the magical Land of Sweets. The beautiful Sugar Plum Fairy rules this land. She welcomes the two children then orders her subjects to dance for them. Dances about Coffee, Tea, and Chocolate are presented. Many other dances are presented. The ballet ends with everyone dancing a waltz.

Act I: Tableau 1

""'Act I: Tableau 2

Act II: Tableau 3

Criticism of the ballet was mixed. A portion thought of it to be a noble composition, with exemplary themes and emotion, however many thought otherwise. Russian balletomanes liked expert adult dancers and the large cast of children was critically attacked. One person complained that the ballet was "produced with children for children." Even the adult dancers came under fire. One person, for example, thought the dancer playing the doll in Act 1 was "nice" while another person thought she was "insipid".

One critic complained that the ballet was in bad taste because characters in Act 2 looked like food from a pastry shop. Another complained that Ivanov's "Waltz of the Snowflakes" was taken from ballets by Petipa. Tchaikovsky however thought that the staging was very beautiful, so much so that his eyes grew tired looking at it.

Some people were surprised that Tchaikovsky had anything to do with the ballet. They thought "The Nutcracker" was foolish. They were embarrassed that the great composer had had a hand in it. On the first night however, Czar Alexander III called Tchaikovsky before him in the royal box to congratulate him on the music.

The newspapers were divided on the ballet's value. The "St. Petersburg Gazette" wrote "this ballet is the most tedious thing ever seen ... a long way from what ballet music should be." The "St. Petersburg News-sheet" wrote, "It is hard to say which number is the greatest, for everything from start to finish is beautiful." "The New Age" wrote that Tchaikovsky's orchestral writing was the work of genius. A ballet lover thought "The Nutcracker" was the greatest of the three ballets Tchaikovsky had written.

The ballet's initial run ended in January 1893. When the Russian Revolution broke out in 1917, many ballet dancers were put out of work. They went to Europe. They talked to their new friends in Europe about "The Nutcracker". Some selections were performed here and there. 

In 1940 Walt Disney used some of the music in his movie "Fantasia". In 1944 the Nutcracker was staged at the San Francisco Ballet by William Christensen, the 'very first full-length' on Christmas Eve. 

Christensen (1902-2001) was called the grandfather of American Ballet. He was born in Brigham City, Utah. He had established the San Francisco Ballet in 1938. Later he founded the ballet department to the University of Utah in 1951, the first of its kind, and Ballet West in 1963. 

Christensen’s creation had its 75th Anniversary during the 2019-2020 season. In 1954 George Balanchine staged "The Nutcracker" in New York City. People liked it. When it was aired on television in 1957 and 1958, the ballet became more famous than ever. Balanchine's television "Nutcracker" had enough fun in it for people who had not seen a ballet, and enough dancing in it to please the ballet lovers who watched it. In the 1960s small ballet companies started producing "The Nutcracker" because it could make money and, in doing so, keep the company in business.

Today, "The Nutcracker" has been staged and seen by many people all over the world. Jennifer Fisher points out that it is "the most popular and most often [staged] ballet in the world." In North America, it is a yearly event in many places. Parents and children take part in staging the ballet and dancing in it. Trained ballerinas dance side by side with children who are only learning to dance. Parents work on costumes and sets. Local celebrities take small walk-on parts.

There have been many adaptations of the ballet over the years. In the United States, for example, there are hula, tap dance, reggae, wheelchair, dance-along, ice, and drag versions. In Canada, there have been hockey adaptations. Products such as Nutcracker dolls, soaps, foods, and clothing are sold in theatres before the show.

Ballet lovers question the present day dumbing-down (oversimplification) of "The Nutcracker" to make it accessible to the masses. The reasons the ballet was originally disliked in Russia (the many child dancers, the uneven story) seem to be the reasons the ballet has become such a great success in North America. Americans like seeing their children on stage and the story is very much like the rags-to-riches stories Americans love. Some people though complain about the stereotypes of children in Act 1 (boys are naughty, girls are nice) and also about the stereotypes of Arabians and the Chinese in Act 2.

Tchaikovsky wrote "The Nutcracker" for an orchestra of strings, woodwinds, brass, and percussion. To this orchestra he added a "celesta" for the "Dance of the Sugar Plum Fairy" in Act 2 and children's instrumentsdrums, trumpets, cymbals, bird calls, whistles, and a rattlefor the Christmas party in Act 1. The instruments were specially ordered and tuned to Tchaikovsky's orders. The rattle is heard in the orchestra pit when Fritz cracks nuts in Act 1, and the other instruments are heard when the boys make a lot of noise while Clara comforts the broken Nutcracker.

Tchaikovsky hoped that the children would play the instruments on the stage, but they had difficulty keeping together with the orchestra. Because of the difficulty the children had, Tchaikovsky made the decision that they could play freely. He did not ask them to keep with the written music. After the first night, Tchaikovsky sent his thanks and baskets of sweets to the children of the Imperial Ballet School.

The Sugar Plum Fairy is a character in "The Nutcracker". The Sugar Plum Fairy only dances in Act 2 of the ballet. Clara falls asleep, and the second act could be seen as Clara's dream. Roland John Wiley however, thinks that the second act is a reality shaped by Drosselmeyer. The Sugar Plum Fairy is the ruler of the Land of Sweets. She welcomes the Nutcracker Prince and his love Clara to her land and orders the festivities. The character is danced by a "prima ballerina" (principal dancer), though she has little dancing to do. She is joined by a male dancer for a "pas de deux" near the end of the ballet. Her number in this "pas de deux" is called "Dance of the Sugar Plum Fairy".

The "Dance of the Sugar Plum Fairy" is one of the most famous numbers in "The Nutcracker". It was written for the "celesta". This instrument was new at the time the dance was written. It looks like a small piano, but it sounds like bells. Tchaikovsky discovered the "celesta" in Paris in 1891 while making a journey to the United States. His publisher purchased one and promised to keep the purchase a secret. Tchaikovsky did not want Rimsky-Korsakov or Glazunov to "get wind of it and ... use it for unusual (different, strange) effects before me." Petipa wanted the Sugar Plum Fairy's music to sound like drops of water splashing in a fountain. Tchaikovsky thought the "celesta" was the instrument to do this. The original steps for the dance are unknown. Antonietta Dell'Era was the first to dance the part of the Sugar Plum Fairy. The character has very little dancing to do so Dell'Era put a gavotte by Alphonse Czibulka into the ballet. She then had something more to do.

In his biography about Tchaikovsky John Warrack points out that the ballet's greatest weakness is its story. It did not permit Tchaikovsky to musically develop the ballet in the manner of "Swan Lake" or "The Sleeping Beauty". What few symphonic passages exist in the ballet (mostly in Act 1) are not the best Tchaikovsky wrote. Warrack thinks that the "essential nature" of the ballet is found in the separate numbers. Tchaikovsky knew this when he put together the "Nutcracker Suite" to promote the complete ballet. Because the story was so weak and did not permit symphonic development, Tchaikovsky indulged his taste for "prettiness" in the separate numbers. This is what makes "The Nutcracker", according to Warrack, an "entertainment of genius".

In the biography "Tchaikovsky", writer David Brown points out that Tchaikovsky was not happy with "The Nutcracker" and complained to his friends about the difficulty of setting the tale to music. Brown asks why Tchaikovsky would ever let himself be persuaded to accept the story as the subject for a ballet. He points out that "Swan Lake" and "The Sleeping Beauty" were "dramatically meaty and deeply serious" while "The Nutcracker" was "trite ... [and] pointless." The ballet has no true climax he writes. He then asks, "What was it all about anyway? "The Nutcracker" is meaningless in the profoundest sense." He decides that the ballet is the "most inconsequential" of all the composer's mature works for theatre, and "its dramatic structure the least satisfactory." While Brown never gives his approval to "The Nutcracker", he thinks Tchaikovsky did a remarkable job despite the "appalling limitations of the subject."




Kingdom of Sophene

The Kingdom of Sophene (Armenian: Ծոփքի Թագավորութուն) was an Armenian kingdom, situated between ancient Armenia and Syria. It was ruled by the Orontids, an Armenian dynasty of Iranian origin. The kingdom was culturally mixed with Greek, Armenian, Iranian, Syrian, Anatolian and Roman influences. Founded around the 3rd century BCE, the kingdom maintained independence until when the Armenian Artaxiad king Tigranes the Great conquered the territories as part of his empire. Sophene laid near medieval Kharput, which is present day Elazig.



Lady Katherine Grey

Lady Katherine Grey (25 August 1540 – 26 January 1568) was an English noblewoman. She was the sister to Lady Jane Grey and Lady Mary Grey. Her parents were Lady Frances Brandon and Henry Grey, 1st Duke of Suffolk, who were Marquess and Marchioness of Dorset and later Duke and Duchess of Suffolk.

Katherine (also spelled Catherine) was born in 1540 to Lady Frances Brandon and Henry Grey. Her parents were disappointed that she was a girl. However, Frances treated Katherine better than she treated her sister, Lady Jane Grey. Little is known about Katherine's early life before 1550.
Katherine was married at the age of twelve to Henry Herbert in May 1553. It was the same day her elder sister, Jane, was married to Guildford Dudley. Katherine's sister Jane was queen of England for nine days before Mary became Queen. Because of this, Katherine's marriage to Herbert was annulled.

Katherine was considered even more beautiful than her sister Jane. She was a little short, but she had a delicate appearance. She had shining red-gold hair and her grandmother Mary Tudor's blue eyes. She also had white skin and no freckles, unlike her sister Jane.
Unlike her sister Jane, Katherine was not as smart and did not like her studies as much. She preferred playing with her pet dogs and birds.

Katherine said that her life at Queen Mary's court was the best time of her life. She met her future husband during these years and received money from Mary every year. Mary's sister, Elizabeth, did not like Katherine much. She distrusted her and did not wish to see her married. Katherine had other plans. 

In December 1560, she married Edward Seymour, 1st Earl of Hertford without Elizabeth I's permission. They planned to keep it a secret for a long time. However, Katherine became pregnant quickly and by July of the next year, she could not hold her secret any longer. She first tried to get help from Bess of Hardwick, but Bess screamed at Katherine and made her go away. Then she went to see Elizabeth's great favorite, Robert Dudley. He listened to Katherine but promised nothing. The next day he told Elizabeth everything. Elizabeth was angry with this and put both Edward and Katherine in prison. Katherine gave birth to a son in the Tower of London. The child's name was Edward. 

Later, she gave birth to another son, also in the Tower of London. This made Elizabeth even more angry since Katherine was not supposed to see Edward. The couple would not see each other again after the birth. Katherine soon got tuberculosis. She died in January 1568. She is buried in Cockfield Chapel.

Elongation

Elongation is an astronomical term that describes the angle between the Sun and a planet, as viewed from Earth.

When an inferior planet (Mercury or Venus) is visible after sunset, it is near its greatest eastern elongation. When an inferior planet is visible before sunrise, it is near its greatest western elongation. The value of the greatest elongation (west or east), for Mercury, is between 18° and 28°; and for Venus between 45° and 47°. This value varies because the orbits of the planets are elliptical, rather than perfect circles.

Conjunction (astronomy and astrology)

Conjunction is a word used in astronomy and astrology. It means that, as seen from some place (usually the Earth), two celestial bodies appear near one another in the sky. The event is also sometimes known as an appulse.

The astronomical and astrological symbol of conjunction is (in Unicode, U+260C ☌).


Opposition (astronomy and astrology)

Opposition is a word used in observational astronomy (and also astrology). It is used when two objects in the sky are on the opposite side of the sky when viewed from the Earth.

In particular, two planets are in opposition to each other when their ecliptic longitudes differ by 180°. When talking about a single object being in opposition, it is assumed to be opposite from the sun.

The Moon is in opposition to the Sun when it is a full moon.

The symbol of opposition is ☍.

A planet (or asteroid or comet) is said to be "in opposition" when it is in opposition to the Sun as seen from the Earth. This is the best time to observe a planet because:

Ophiuchus

Ophiuchus (Οφιούχος: say it 'Ofi-youkus'), is one of the 88 listed constellations. In Latin, it means "serpent-holder". It is near the celestial equator, and northwest of the center of the Milky Way. Ophiuchus is on the ecliptic, but is generally not considered to be in the zodiac. Its brightest star is Rasalhague.

The Voyager 1 probe is within the borders of Ophiuchus.



George Boleyn

George Boleyn (1504? - May 17 1536) was the brother of his famous sister Anne Boleyn and his other sister Mary Boleyn. His parents were Thomas Boleyn and Elizabeth Howard.

George was born in 1504, probably in Blickling, although it is unsure. George Boleyn was well known for serving the King (Henry VIII ), he was most favored by him. His sister, Anne, became queen because of the help of his Uncle (The Duke of Norfolk) and his Father (Thomas Boleyn). His two sisters, Anne Boleyn (Second wife of Henry VIII), and Mary Boleyn (Mistress of the King) were his only two friends. They spent much time together. He married Jane Parker, also known as Lady Jane Rochford. He was not happy with his marriage, he was only engaged to her by their Uncle. As a Boleyn/Howard (Howard, Mothers maiden name) he had to obey. His obedience towards his family made him unhappy. He refused to sleep with his wife, so instead spent many nights with his sisters in Anne's rooms. Mary would be there, for she was Anne's lady in waiting. All three of the Boleyns were very close.

George Boleyn had a very close relationship with his sister Anne. He was also close with his other sister, but Mary focused more on her family with her husband (William Stafford). George and Anne's downfall happened when Henry VIII accused them of incest. Mary Boleyn was not with them at the time of their exile. She chose to hide because of her children. If she had not hidden herself, she too would have been killed. It was likely a false charge by Henry VIII so he could get rid of Anne Boleyn. George's wife claimed that George and Anne had an affair. At her own execution, Lady Jane Rochford claimed that "God has permitted me to suffer this shameful doom as punishment for having contributed to my husband's death. I falsely accused him of loving in an incestuous manner, his sister, Queen Anne Boleyn. For this I deserve to die."

Tsitsernakaberd

Tsitsernakaberd () is a memorial for the victims of the Armenian Genocide. It is on a hill overlooking Yerevan, Armenia. Every year on April 24, Armenians gather here to remember the victims of the 1915 Armenian Genocide that took place in the Ottoman Empire carried out by the Turkish government. In 1965 to commemorate the 50th anniversary of the Genocide after a million people demonstrated for 24 hours; the demonstrations are now known as the 1965 Yerevan Demonstrations. In response, the genocide memorial construction began in 1966 and it was completed in 1968. In Yerevan, the capital of Armenia, crowds of people walk to the Tsitsernakaberd Genocide Memorial to lay flowers at the eternal flame.



Mary Boleyn

Mary Boleyn (about 1499 – 19 July 1543) was the older sister of Anne Boleyn, the second wife of King Henry VIII. They had a brother named George Boleyn. There have been many stories and books about Mary Boleyn, so historians are not sure what is true about her.

Mary was born some time between 1500 and 1507 at Blickling Hall in Norfolk. Her parents were Sir Thomas Boleyn and Lady Elizabeth Howard. While her parents had her sister Anne educated at the court of Margaret of Austria, Mary was probably educated at home. She had a well-rounded education for a woman in the 1500s. Among Mary's other skills, she could speak French.

In 1514, Mary's father got her a job as maid of honor to Mary Tudor, the sister of King Henry VIII. Mary Tudor was going to be married to King Louis XII of France. Mary and the other maids traveled with Mary Tudor to France, where Mary Tudor was married. Only a few months after the wedding, however, King Louis died and Francis I became king. Mary Tudor went back to England but Mary Boleyn stayed in France.

There were rumours that Mary Boleyn became King Francis's mistress, but some historians think the rumours may not be true. They think the rumours may have been about trying to make the Boleyn family look bad so Henry VIII could divorce Anne Boleyn.

In 1519, Mary went back to England to marry William Carey. Soon, she became King Henry VIII's mistress. Some historians think that King Henry was the father of Mary's two children, Catherine Carey and Henry Carey, but it is also possible that her husband William Carey was their father. Mary was Henry VIII's mistress for years, possibly until as late as 1526.

After Mary's husband died, she had money problems. Her sister Anne took Mary's son Henry as her ward and paid for his education.

In 1526, Mary married again. She married a soldier named William Stafford without her family's permission. Anne and the rest of Mary's family were angry with her. Mary and Stafford had one child, but historians do not know what happened to him or her.

After Anne and George Boleyn were executed, Mary's parents began to speak to her again. After her father and grandmother died, they left Mary half the Boleyn property. But Mary Boleyn had to fight for it in law court. Mary died in Rochford Hall in 1543.

Cubic centimetre

A cubic centimetre (symbol cm³ or cc) (U.S. spelling: cubic centimeter) is a commonly used unit of volume extending the derived SI-unit cubic metre and corresponds to the volume of a cube measuring 1 cm × 1 cm × 1 cm. One cubic centimetre corresponds to a volume of of a cubic metre, or of a litre; therefore, 1 cm³ = 1 mL. In many scientific fields, the use of cubic centimetres has been replaced by the millilitre. The medical and automotive fields are two of the few fields wherein the term cubic centimetre was never discontinued in the United States. In the United Kingdom millilitres are used in preference to cubic centimetres in the medical field.

One cubic centimetre of water is equal to 1 gram.

Geometric albedo

The geometric albedo of an astronomical body is the ratio of its actual brightness at zero phase angle (i.e. as seen from the light source) to that of an "idealized" flat, fully reflecting, diffusively scattering (Lambertian) disk with the same cross-section.

The visual geometric albedo refers to the geometric albedo quantity when accounting for only electromagnetic radiation in the visible spectrum.

Welcome to the Black Parade

"Welcome to the Black Parade" is the first single and fifth track from My Chemical Romance's third studio album, "The Black Parade". It was released on September 11, 2006 on iTunes and October 9, 2006 on CD. It is the band's ninth single. The studio version was available on MySpace on September 2, 2006. The song became the group's first number one in the UK on October 15, 2006, and later rose to number one on the Modern Rock Tracks on October 26, 2006, where it would stay for seven weeks. It was originally intended to be called "The Five Of Us Are Dying."

The song ranked at #17 on Rolling Stone's "The 100 Best Songs of 2006".


Remembrance Day

Remembrance Day (in Australia, Canada, and the United Kingdom) is a day to remember people who fought and died in wars. It is on November 11. On that day in 1918 came the end of World War I with Armistice with Germany.

Remembrance Day was started in 1919 by King George V of the United Kingdom. On the same day, other countries also have days to remember war and soldiers. There is Veteran's Day in the United States, and Armistice Day in France, Belgium, New Zealand and other countries.

There are some things that people do on Remembrance Day at 11:00 AM. That is when World War I ended. At a ceremony for Remembrance Day, a tune called "The Last Post" is played on a bugle (or sometimes a trumpet). Then there are two minutes of silence. At the end of the silence, the bugle plays a tune called "Reveille".

In many countries, many people wear a poppy on Remembrance Day, and for a few days before. The remembrance poppy is an artificial flower to commemorate those who died in war. People bring wreaths made of poppies to Remembrance Day ceremonies. The poppy is a symbol to show they remember the wars and the soldiers who fought in them. Poppies were chosen as a symbol because they often grew in battlefields after the soldiers stopped fighting.


Division (botany)

In biology, a division is the equivalent of a phylum in a kingdom. Botanists use the word "division" where zoologists use the word "phylum".


Leona Lewis

Leona Lewis (born 3 April 1985) is a British actress and singer-songwriter. 

Lewis first became famous when she won a television talent contest in Britain called "The X Factor". When she won "The X Factor" in 2006, Lewis got a £1 million contract to make more music. She then released a song, as part of "The X Factor" contract, called "A Moment Like This" which was the number 1 song in the charts at Christmas after selling 571,253 copies in the shops and on download. 

Lewis then released her second song on 22 October 2007 called "Bleeding Love" which was the number 1 song again in Britain, and also reached number 1 in the United States. It sold 218,805 copies in the first week of release. She released her first album called "Spirit" in November 2007. Her second album is "Echo", which was released 9 November 2009.

Her first concert tour called "The Labyrinth" was in 2010. 

Her songs include "Better in Time" and "Bleeding Love".


Trinny Woodall

Trinny Woodall (born Sarah-Jane Woodall on 8 February 1964) is an English expert in fashion, author, television presenter and journalist.

Trinny Woodall first became famous when she presented a reality show called "What Not to Wear" with Susannah Constantine on the BBC. She then was on "The Oprah Winfrey Show" in 2004 and helped American people with their clothes and appearance. She then presented "Trinny & Susannah Undress" on ITV in 2006 and "Trinny & Susannah Undress The Nation" in 2007.

She has also written lots of fashion books with Constantine in Britain and America which have been made into many languages. Their first major book, "What Not to Wear", sold 670,000 copies and won a British Book Award.



Susannah Constantine

Susannah Caroline Constantine (born June 3, 1962) is an English television presenter, fashion expert, author and journalist. In her early career, Constantine worked with famous fashion designers like John Galliano. She met Trinny Woodall in 1994 at a party and wrote about fashion in a newspaper called "The Telegraph". Susannah Constantine also dated the member of the British royal family, David, Viscount Linley, in the 1980s.

Constantine and Woodall became famous when they presented a reality show in Britain called "What Not to Wear". In 2002, they won a Royal Television Award for being the best presenters. In 2006 Constantine hosted another fashion show on ITV called "Trinny & Susannah Undress". She has also been on "The Oprah Winfrey Show" with Trinny Woodall, and helped women with their clothes. They have made many fashion books which have been successful in America and Britain, and have been translated into many languages. It is thought that the books have sold 2.5 million copies around the world.



Anna Wintour

Dame Anna Wintour (born 3 November 1949) is the English editor-in-chief of American "Vogue", a position she has held since 1988.

Anna Wintour stopped going to school at 16 and started her career in fashion. She worked on magazines in America called "New York" and "Home & Garden". She then went back to Britain and worked on a British magazine known as "Vogue". She later worked on the American version, making them both more popular and successful. Wintour supports young fashion designers and is sometimes called "Nuclear Wintour" because of her demanding personality.

It is thought that Anna Wintour was the inspiration behind the demanding editor, Miranda Priestly, in the novel "The Devil Wears Prada". The author of the book, Lauren Weisberger, had worked as the personal assistant of Anna Wintour at "Vogue". It has been suggested that the setting and Priestly were based on "Vogue" and Wintour, but Weisberger denies this, and says that Wintour is given her own appearance near the end of the book.

The similarities between Priestly and Wintour are:

Before the book started selling, Wintour told the "New York Times", "I always enjoy a great piece of fiction. I haven't decided whether I am going to read it or not."

It is also said that a character in the TV series of "Ugly Betty" is based on Wintour. The character Fey Sommers, is very similar to Anna Wintour:

Wintour is also mentioned in "Ugly Betty" when Wilhelmina Slater is going to get a better job at "MODE" (the magazine) after Bradford Meade is arrested. She does not accept a lunch invitation from Anna Wintour, saying she should have called back in 1998, not 2007.

Wintour has been a supporter of the Democratic Party going back to Hillary Clinton's 2000 Senate run and John Kerry's 2004 presidential run and serving Barack Obama's 2008 and 2012 presidential runs as a lot of contributions. In 2008 and 2012, she co-hosted fundraisers with Sarah Jessica Parker, the latter being a 50-person, $40,000-a-plate dinner at Parker's West Village town house with Meryl Streep, Michael Kors, and Trey Laird, an advertising executive, among the attendees. She has also teamed with Calvin Klein and Harvey Weinstein on fundraisers during Obama's first term and Donna Karan has been amongst the attendees.

Kingdom of Saxony

The Kingdom of Saxony (), existed from 1806 until 1918. 

From 1871 it was part of the German Empire, and after World War I it became part of the Weimar Republic. Its capital was the city of Dresden, and its modern successor state is the Free State of Saxony.

Before 1806 Saxony was the Electorate of Saxony in the Holy Roman Empire. This meant that the princes who ruled Saxony were prince-elector and could help elect a new Holy Roman Emperor.

When Emperor Francis II was defeated by Napoleon at the Battle of Austerlitz and the empire was dissolved the electorate became an independent kingdom. The last elector of Saxony became King Frederick Augustus I. 

After the Battle of Jena in 1806, Saxony joined the Confederation of the Rhine, and remained within the Confederation until it broke up in 1813 when Napoleon was defeated at the Battle of Leipzig. 

The Catholic ruler of Saxony was one of the few German leaders to support the French. Saxony was put under Russian occupation and 40% of the Kingdom, including the historically significant Wittenberg, home of the Protestant Reformation, was taken by Prussia, but Frederick Augustus was allowed back to rule the remainder of his kingdom, which still included the major cities of Dresden and Leipzig. The Kingdom also joined the German Confederation, the new organization of the German states to replace the Holy Roman Empire.

During the 1866 Austro-Prussian War, Saxony sided with Austria. The Saxon army was the only large army to help Austria. At the peace talks Austria said Saxony should not be punished. The other states in north Germany including the large Kingdom of Hanover were annexed ("taken over") by Prussia after the war. These states had promised help to Austria but did little, so Austria did not try to help them at the peace talks. 

Saxony joined the Prussian-led North German Confederation the next year in 1867. When Prussia beat France in the Franco-Prussian War of 1871, the Confederation was turned into the German Empire by Otto von Bismarck, with Wilhelm I as its Emperor. 

John I, as Saxony's king, was below the Emperor, although he, like the other German princes, kept some of the rights of a sovereign ruler, including sending ambassadors other states.

Wilhelm I's grandson Kaiser Wilhelm II abdicated in 1918 after Germany's defeat in the First World War. King Frederick Augustus III of Saxony followed him into abdication and the Kingdom of Saxony became the Free State of Saxony inside the newly-formed Weimar Republic. The Kingdom of Saxony had lasted only 112 years.


Saxe-Meiningen

The Duchy of Saxe-Meiningen was one of the Ernestine duchies.

The dukes were never very important in forming the history of Europe, and unlike their relative in the Duchy of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha never set out to form a long lasting dynasty.

Like all of the German monarchies the duchy became part of the Weimar Republic after World War I.

In the reshuffle of Ernestine territories after the death of the Saxe-Gothaducal line in 1825, Saxe-Meiningen got the territories of Hildburghausen and Saalfeld. The state of Saxe-Meiningen was merged into the new state of Thuringia in 1920.

The capital of Saxe-Meiningen was Meiningen; it had an area of 2,468 km² and a population of 269,000 (1905). The summer residence was Altenstein.

The present head of Head of the Ducal House of Saxe-Meiningen is Prince Frederick Konrad (born 1952).


Dukedom abolished in 1918



Eilenburg

Eilenburg is a town in the north of the state of Saxony (eastern Germany). The town lies on the banks of the river Mulde about northeast of the city of Leipzig. It belongs to the Nordsachsen Rural District. It is subdivided into the urban districts "Mitte", "Ost" and "Berg" (Stadtteile) and the villages "Behlitz", "Hainichen", "Kospa", "Pressen", "Wedelwitz" and "Zschettgau" (Ortsteile).

Eilenburg occupies . It has about 17.000 inhabitants as of 31 December 2009.

The castle of Eilenburg was first mentioned at 29 July 961 in a document by Otto I. as "civitas Ilburg". The name has Slavic origin and means "town in clay deposits". Probably in the 11th century there has developed a settlement of purchase people in the advance of the castle, that forms the origin of the today's town of Eilenburg.

In the 16th century Eilenburg was a centre of the reformation events. Even George, Duke of Saxony, called this town a "nominated place" ("namhaftigen Ort"). Martin Luther was total seven times in Eilenburg and called it a "blessed lard pit" ("gesegnete Schmalzgrube"). It is passed that he took it into consideration to set here in the old. 

The Thirty Years' War left hard mark in Eilenburg. First the town was spared of fighting, but it already suffered from the catastrophic economic effects of the war. From the year 1631 the town was directly involved in the war. In 1632 the body of Gustav II Adolf, King of the Swedish, was laid out in "Red Deer Inn" ("Gasthof Roter Hirsch") after he had been killed in the Battle of Lützen the 16 November 1632. In 1639 Eilenburg was conquered by the troops of Georg von Derfflinger. In 1646 peace negotiations between Saxony and Sweden began in Eilenburg to extend the expiring Armistice of Kötzschenbroda. The 14 September 1648 the Treaty of Eilenburg was made and meant the end of the Thirty Years' War for total Saxony. Subsequently the town recovered. 

The slow onset of economic recovery got a sudden end by the began of the Seven Years' War. Virtually each male in Eilenburg had to serve in the armed forces. The city was occupied alternately by the Austrians and Prussians. In the following Eilenburg turned into an impoverished and squandered town. In the end of the 18th century the economy stagnated and Eilenburg became an insignificant town.

In 1813 during the Napoleonic wars shortly before the Battle of Leipzig Napoleon was in Eilenburg and took the last view on his and the allies Saxon troops eastern Eilenburg. After Napoleon's defeat, Saxony had to cede large territory to Prussia under the provisions of the Congress of Vienna. Eilenburg now belonging to the very modern Prussian state. Thereby the transition of Eilenburg to an industrial city was advanced significantly. 

Because of the founding of numerous textile factories Eilenburg next to Berlin became most important centre of Prussian textile production. The ascent to an important industrial city came mainly from the nearby Saxony. Saxon industrialists settled in Eilenburg for having duty-free access to the Prussian market. Onset urbanization caused a rapid rising of the population. The social tensions resulting from the industrialization and the huge growth of population promoted a strong labour movement. In 1849 the "health insurance support association" ("Krankenkassenunterstützungsverein") was founded. In 1850 the "food association of Eilenburg" ("Eilenburger Lebensmittelassociation") as first food cooperative of Germany and "Darlehnskassenverein" as first Credit union in Germany were founded. Carl Degenkolb, owner of a factory in Eilenburg and member of Frankfurt Parliament, instituted first German works councils voluntarily at his factory. 

In 1872 Eilenburg received its first railway. The 30 June Halle-Eilenburg-Falkenberg route was opened. Two years later transport services started on the new built Eilenburg-Leipzig route. Industrial development continued rapidly by settlement of chemical, wood and metal processing industry. The "German Celluliod Factory" ("Deutsche Celluliod-Fabrik") that settled in 1887 characterized the city's business for more than a hundred years.

During World War I hundreds of Eilenburg people were called up for military service. The 21 October 1917 Wilhelm Pieck, the later President of GDR escaped from a military transport at Eilenburg station. Total about 800 people from Eilenburg were killed during the war.

About two weeks before the end of the World War II the city was almost completely destroyed. 17. April 1945 the American troops reached Eilenburg. It was ordered defense to extremes. Three days and three nights the town was under heavy artillery fire, that destroyed most of the buildings of the city. The meaningless defense killed two hundred people, 90 percent of the City Centre (65 percent of the buildings of the whole city) were destroyed while the American associations had nearly no losses. Eilenburg was one of the hardest destroyed cities in Germany.

The city centre was rebuilt in the 1950s. In 1952 the city became the seat of the Eilenburg Rural District newly formed by the administrative reform in the GDR. In the east part of Eilenburg large new housing areas emerged. In autumn 1989 up to seven thousand inhabitants formed peaceful demonstrations reaching a change ("Wende") especially on political level. After the German reunification some long-established companies got out of business. Dismantling of jobs could only be partially offset by new business settlements on newly created industrial areas outside the city. In 1994 Eilenburg Rural District got merged with Delitzsch Rural District in the course of district reform. So the city lost the seat of district.

In 2002 Eilenburg was hit hard by flood of the river Mulde. The thereby caused damages amounted to EUR 135 million. The construction of flood protection facilities was intensified after the flood. In 2008 the construction measures ended after investments amounting to EUR 35 million. Eilenburg was the first city in Saxony that is completely protected against flood. Since 1 August 2008 Eilenburg lies approximately in the middle of the newly formed Nordsachsen Rural District.


The Misfits

The Misfits were a punk rock band from New Jersey. They are usually classified as a hardcore punk or horror punk band. They often played in theatrical makeup to look spooky. They had themes mostly from old movies, especially horror movies. The lead singer was Glenn Danzig. Danzig later formed Samhain and then Danzig. Other members went on to form a new version of the Misfits in the late 2000s. That version eventually included members of the Ramones and Black Flag.

The Misfits had many of their records released in limited collectible versions. Sometimes they were released through their fan club called The Fiend Club. They had a huge influence on everything from the way punk is marketed (the Misfits rival Kiss in marketing of their skull logo) to the many celebrities wearing their T shirts.

Vistula

The Vistula (Polish: Wisła) is the longest river in Poland. It is 1,047 km (678 miles) long. 

The following is the list of right and left tributaries and the name of a city close by, listed from source to mouth:

Right tributaries 

Left tributaries

Sunnah

The word Sunnah (Arabic: سنة) is an Arabic word meaning "tradition" or "way." For Muslims, Sunnah means "the way of the prophet". Sunnites try to follow his words, actions and teachings. 

Muslim scholars learn about the Sunnah by studying thousands of stories about Muhammad, his family, and his first followers. These stories are called Hadith.


Al-Aqsa Mosque

Al-Aqsa Mosque ("The Farthest Mosque") is a mosque, or a place where Muslims go to worship, and it is in East Jerusalem/Baitulmaqdis. 

Abdul Malik ibn Marwan asked for the mosque to be built, but he died before they finished building it, and it was finished by his son Al-Walid I in 705 AD. The Al-Aqsa Mosque is a part of the Al-Haram al-Qudsi al-Sharif, or "The Noble Sanctuary". This area is known as the Temple Mount by Jews, and it is believed to be the location where the Jewish Temple was built. The mosque is the 3rd most important place in Islam. Muslims believe that Muhammad went from the Sacred Mosque in Mecca to the Al-Aqsa Mosque in the story of the "Night Journey". Also, some Islamic traditions say Muhammad led prayers there before his ascension.

People have planned to attack the mosque, and some people have actually attacked it. In 1969 Michael Dennis Rohan set the mosque on fire, destroying a lot of the mosque. Some members of the Gush Emunim Underground planned to blow up the mosque, but they never blew it up.

In September of 2000 Ariel Sharon visited Al-Aqsa, and Palestinians who were at the mosque threw objects at the police force that was with Sharon. In return the police shot rubber bullets at the group of Palestinians. Palestinians said Sharon visited the mosque to make people angry, but Sharon said he had gone there with a message of peace. This visit is what some believe caused the Second Intifada.

"Al-Aqsa Masjid" means "the farthest Mosque". The masjid's name comes from a story in the Quran called "The Night Journey". In the story Muhammad goes from Makkah to East Jerusalem, where the Al-Aqsa Masjid is. Then he went up to Heaven (Jannah).

The mosque was first built in 705 AD. The first mosque was destroyed in an earthquake in 748 AD and had to be built again. We do not know when it was built again, but it was probably in 771 AD, and this mosque was destroyed soon after they finished building it. The third mosque was built around 780 AD. In 1033 AD there was another earthquake, and the mosque had to be built again.

East Jerusalem was taken over by the Crusaders in 1099. Instead of taking down the mosque, the crusaders used the mosque as a palace. In 1119 it was changed into the headquarters for the Templar Knights.

Balkh Province

Balkh () is a province in the northern part of Afghanistan. Its capital is Mazar-i-Sharif. Most of its people are Tajiks, Hazaras and Uzbeks.


Dwight Hicks

Dwight Hicks was born April 5, 1956 in Mount Holly, New Jersey. He was a professional American football player. He played the defensive back position for the Toronto Argonauts in 1978. He also played in the National Football League (NFL) for the San Francisco 49ers from 1979 to 1985 and for the Indianapolis Colts in 1986. Before that, Dwight Hicks played for the University of Michigan. He is a four-time Pro Bowl selection from 1981 to 1984. He helped the 49ers to win 2 NFL Championships in Super Bowl XVI and Super Bowl XIX.

Hicks led the NFL in interceptions in the 1981 season, and return yards. He went on to be very important in the Super Bowl. After the 49ers lost a fumble on the opening kickoff, the Cincinnati Bengals got the football to San Francisco 5-yard line. Hicks made an interception and stopped the Bengals from scoring.

In Hicks eight NFL seasons, he had 32 interceptions, 602 interception return yards, 14 fumble recoveries, 112 fumble return yards, and 4 touchdowns. 

Hicks went on to become a popular character actor in movies such as "The Rock", "Jack", "Armageddon", and "In the Mix" after his football career. He also made appearances on many television programs. Some shows that he appeared on include "Nash Bridges", "The Pretender", "The Practice", "The X-Files", "ER" and "The O.C."

Surface gravity

The surface gravity, "g", of an astronomical or other object is the gravitational acceleration experienced at its surface. The surface gravity may be thought of as the acceleration caused by the gravity experienced by a hypothetical test particle which is very close to the object's surface and which, in order not to disturb the system, has negligible mass.

Surface gravity is measured in units of acceleration, which, in the SI system, are meters per second squared. It may also be described as a multiple of the Earth's gravity, "g" = 9.80665 m/s. In astrophysics, the surface gravity may be expressed as log "g", which is obtained by first expressing the gravity in cgs units, where the unit of acceleration is centimeters per second squared, and then taking the base 10 logarithm.


Rotation period

In astronomy, a rotation period is the time an astronomical object takes to complete one revolution around its rotation axis relative to the background stars. For the Earth this is a sidereal day. It is different from a solar day, which is measured by the passage of the Sun across the local meridian.

All celestial objects spin. The rotation period differs according to whether the body in question is solid or fluid (gaseous). A solid object has one value, but a fluid object such as a star spins differently at the poles compared to the equator (Sun: about 25 days at the equator and about 35 days near the poles).

Tidal locking

Angular size

Angular size is a measurement of how large or small something is using rotational measurement. It is useful for measuring things that are so far away that they appear two dimensional.


Albedo

The albedo of an object is the extent to which it reflects light, more specifically light which comes from the Sun. It is defined as the ratio of reflected to incident electromagnetic radiation. It is a unitless measure indicative of a surface's or body's diffuse reflectivity. The word is derived from "albus", a Latin word for "white".


Robin Olds

Robin Olds (born July 14, 1922, died June 14, 2007) was a member of the United States Air Force. He was one of the first jet fighter pilots. In World War II, he flew a P-38 Lightning and a P-51 Mustang. In the Vietnam War, he was a commander and was angry about lack of dogfight training. He flew an F-4 Phantom II. In 1973, he retired from the Air Force at the rank of brigadier general. He had made 16 kills (12 in World War II, 4 in Vietnam). He had prostate cancer and died of heart failure.

Lady Mary Grey

Lady Mary Grey (20 April 1545 – 20 April 1578) was the sister of Lady Jane Grey and Lady Katherine Grey. Her parents were Lady Frances Brandon and Henry Grey.

Mary Grey's parents were disappointed with her birth, because she was a girl and a hunchback. She was described as "four foot tall and hunchbacked". 

Mary's life was not as exciting as her sisters, Jane and Katherine Grey. But after their death she was the last surviving grandchild of Mary Tudor, and therefore some people thought she might be heiress to the English throne. She married the royal gatekeeper Thomas Keyes in 1565 but this was without Queen Elizabeth's permission. But like her sister Katherine's marriage to Edward Seymour, Earl of Hertford, Queen Elizabeth was angry. Elizabeth claimed that she wanted "no bastard Keyes". Elizabeth put Mary under house arrest. She was released after the death of her husband in 1572 and was permitted to attend Court occasionally.

She died childless at age 33.


German-speaking Community of Belgium

The German-speaking Community of Belgium (, short "DGB") is one of the three federal communities in Belgium. It is the main part of the so-called East Cantons () of Belgium. It has an area of , and a population of over 73,000, of which almost 100% are German speaking (traditionally Ripuarian-speaking).

Its capital is Eupen; it is part of the province of Liège and borders on the Netherlands, Germany, and Luxembourg.

The area was known as Eupen-Malmedy, and is now called the East Cantons. It is made up of the German-speaking Community and the municipalities of Malmedy and Waimes (Weismes), which belong to the French-Speaking Community of Belgium.

The East Cantons were part of the Rhine Province of Prussia in Germany until 1920 but were annexed by Belgium following Germany's defeat in World War I and the subsequent Treaty of Versailles. Thus they also became known as the "cantons rédimés", "redeemed cantons". The peace treaty of Versailles demanded the "questioning" of the local population about their political status.

This was not a secret vote, and anyone who did not want to become Belgian had to register their full name and address. Many locals feared reprisals or even expulsion after enlisting.

In the mid-1920s the kingdom of Belgium seemed to want to sell the region back to Germany. The French government told the Belgians to stop the Belgian-German talks about the deal.

In 1940 the new cantons were retaken by Germany in World War II. They had only been in Belgium for 20 years, so the majority of people of the east cantons still thought of themselves as German. Following the defeat of Germany in 1945 the cantons were once again taken over by Belgium.

In the early 1960s Belgium was divided into four language areas, the Dutch speaking Flemish area, the French speaking area, the bilingual capital of Brussels, and the German speaking area of the east cantons. In 1973, three communities and three regions were established and granted internal autonomy. The legislative Parliament of the German-speaking Community, "Rat der Deutschsprachigen Gemeinschaft", was set up. Today the German-speaking Community has a degree of self government, especially in language and cultural matters, but it still part of French speaking Wallonia.

Some people want the German-speaking Community to be its own region. One of these is the current Minister-President Karl-Heinz Lambertz.

The German-speaking Community has its own government, which is appointed for five years by its parliament. The Government is headed by a Minister-President, who acts as the "prime minister" of the Community, and is assisted by the Ministry of the German-speaking Community. The government currently formed by four Ministers:



County Durham

County Durham is a county in north-east England. There are four different types of county:


Its county town is Durham.

The form of the county name is unique in England. Many counties are named after their principal town, and the expected form here would be "Durhamshire". But County Durham did not become a shire/county until after the language of government was changed from Anglo-Saxon to Norman French in 1066. Previous to that it was a semi-independent Bishopric.
Durham County Council promotes the non-metropolitan county for tourism purposes as "The Land of the Prince Bishops" in reference to the former palatine jurisdiction of the bishops.

The historic county covered from the Pennines in the west, the River Tees in the south, the North Sea in the east and the Rivers Tyne and Derwent in the north.

The county several had a number of exclaves: Bedlingtonshire, Islandshire and Norhamshire within Northumberland, and Craikshire within the North Riding of Yorkshire. The historic boundaries were used for parliamentary purposes until 1832, and for law courts and local government until the Counties (Detached Parts) Act 1844, which merged most remaining exclaves with their surrounding county.

In 1889, under the Local Government Act 1888 England and Wales was divided into administrative counties and county boroughs. Administrative counties, governed by an elected county council, were based on the historic boundaries, less larger towns which became self-governing as county boroughs.

In 1889 the administrative county of Durham consisted of the historic county less the county boroughs of Gateshead, South Shields and Sunderland. The boundary with the North Riding of Yorkshire was adjusted: the part of the town of Barnard Castle that was in Yorkshire was added to County Durham, but the part of the Borough of Stockton-on-Tees in Durham was given to the North Riding. For all non-administrative purposes, such as lieutenancy, the County of Durham comprised the administrative county and associated county boroughs.

Over its existence, the administrative county lost territory, both to the existing county boroughs, and also due to the creation of county boroughs at West Hartlepool in 1902 and Darlington in 1915. In 1967 the borough of Hartlepool was removed from the administrative county when it merged with West Hartlepool to form a new county borough of Hartlepool, and in 1968 Billingham was included within the boundaries of the county borough of Teesside, associated with the North Riding.

The administrative county was abolished in 1974.

In 1974 Durham was divided between three counties. The boroughs of Hartlepool and Stockton-on-Tees became a part of the new non-metropolitan county of Cleveland. The metropolitan county of Tyne and Wear became responsible for Gateshead, Sunderland and South Tyneside. The new non-metropolitan county of Durham also covered the former area of Startforth Rural District, a part of the historic North Riding of Yorkshire, and south of the historical boundary of the River Tees.

The Department for Communities and Local Government has said that the seven district councils and the County Council will be abolished and a new unitary authority for the whole of the existing County Council area will be created. The change will be on 1 April 2009 at the latest. The successful Durham County Council bid referred to the new authority as County Durham Council.

In 1997 the non-metropolitan county (including unitary Darlington), together with that part of the former county of Cleveland north of the River Tees became a ceremonial county. Lord-lieutenants and high sheriffs are appointed to the ceremonial county of Durham. they have no job in local government.

This is a list of the main towns in County Durham. The area covered is the entire ceremonial county, hence the inclusion of towns which are no longer administered by Durham County Council. 



Balkan Mountains

The Balkan mountain range (Bulgarian and Serbian: Стара планина, "Stara planina", "Old Mountain") is an extension of the Carpathian mountain range, separated from it by the Danube River. The People who lived in the Balkan Mountains are called Balkandjii.

The Balkan range runs 560 km from eastern Serbia eastward through central Bulgaria to Cape Emine on the Black Sea.

The highest peak on the Balkan peninsula is Musala in the Rila mountains near Sofia (Rila range), with 2,925 m, closely followed by Mount Olympus in Greece and Vihren (Pirin range).

The highest peaks of the Stara planina itself are in central Bulgaria. The highest peak is Botev (2,376 m), in the Central Balkan National Park (established 1991).
There are paved roads crossing Stara Planina at the following passes (listed from west to east):




Carpathian Mountains

The Carpathian Mountains are the eastern wing of the great Central Mountain System of Central Europe, curving 1500 km (~900 miles) along the borders of Romania, the Czech Republic, Slovakia, Poland, Ukraine, Austria, Serbia, and northern Hungary.

The Carpathians begin on the Danube near Bratislava. They surround Transcarpathia and Transylvania in a large semicircle, sweeping towards the south-west, and end on the Danube near Orşova, in Romania. The total length of the Carpathians is over 1,500 km, and the mountain chain's width varies between 12 and 500 km.

The Carpathians are separated from the Alps by the Danube.

A major part of the western and northeastern Outer Carpathians in Poland, Ukraine and Slovakia is traditionally called Beskids.

What follows is a practical outline of the Carpathian subdivisions (clockwise from the west, numbers refer to the map):

Squamata

Squamata ("scaled reptiles") is the order of reptiles which includes lizards and snakes, and the Amphisbaenia. 

Their skins have overlapping horny scales. They also have movable quadrate bones, which make it possible to move the upper jaw relative to the braincase. This is particularly visible in snakes, which are able to open their mouths very wide to accommodate comparatively large prey. 

They are the most variably-sized order of reptiles, ranging from the 16 mm (0.63 in.) Dwarf gecko ("Sphaerodactylus ariasae") to the 8 m (26 ft.) Green Anaconda ("Eunectes murinus").

This is the only living reptile group which has both viviparous and ovoviviparous species, as well as the usual oviparous (egg-laying) reptiles.

The Squamata does not include the Tuataras from New Zealand. They are a sister group to the squamates. The Crocodilia are much more distantly related.

Squamates are a monophyletic group that is a sister group to the tuatara. The squamates and tuatara together are a sister group to crocodiles and birds, the living archosaurs. 

Squamate fossils first appear in the early Jurassic, but a mitochondrial phylogeny suggests that they evolved in the late Permian. The evolutionary relationships within the squamates are not yet completely worked out, with the relationship of snakes to other groups being most problematic. 

From morphological data, Iguanid lizards have been thought to have diverged from other squamates very early, but recent molecular phylogenies, both from mitochondrial and nuclear DNA, do not support this early divergence. Because snakes have a faster molecular clock than other squamates, and there are few early snake and snake ancestor fossils, it is difficult to resolve the relationship between snakes and other squamate groups.

Recent research suggests that the evolutionary origin of venom lies deep in the squamate phylogeny. 60% of squamates are venomous Toxicofera. 

Venom in the families Caenophidia, Anguimorpha, and Iguania evolved once, then the three families diverged. All three lineages share nine common toxins. The fossil record shows that the divergence between anguimorphs, iguanians, and advanced snakes dates back roughly 200 MYA to the Upper Triassic/Lower Jurassic.

Snake venom evolved by the duplication of a gene encoding for a normal regulatory or bioactivity protein. Then the copy was expressed in the venom gland. 

Different toxins have been recruited from different proteins and are diverse as the functions themselves. 

Natural selection has driven the diversification of the toxins to counter the defences of the prey. Venom genes form large multigene families, and evolve by protein evolution. This leads to a diversification of toxins that let sit-and-wait predators attack a wide range of prey. 

The rapid evolution and diversification is the result of a prey/predator evolutionary arms race where each adapts to counter the other.

Classically, the order is divided into three suborders:


Of these, the lizards form a paraphyletic group. In newer classifications the name Sauria is used for reptiles and birds in general, and the Squamata are divided differently:

Pingu

Pingu is a cartoon series for children about a penguin called Pingu. The series is popular in many countries because the characters only make sounds instead of saying words.

"Pingu" was made in Switzerland and United Kingdom on May 28, 1986. The show was made by Otmar Gutmann. It aired on CBBC from 1990 to 2002 and Cbeebies from 2002 to 2015. From 1993 to 2003, VHS releases were by BBC's Toybox line. As of 2003, all releases for DVD's are by HiT Entertainment.

The cast of "Pingu" includes the family and friends of Pingu.


Season 1

Season 2

Season 3

Season 4

Season 5

Season 6

In the United Kingdom, the BBC aired the original version of "Pingu" on the Children's BBC slot on BBC One from 1990 onwards. In 2002, when the BBC created the CBBC channel, it was moved to its preschool channel CBeebies. They used the original cartoon title card for series 1-2, and the first 13 episodes of series 3 used the claymation-inspired intro. JimJam contains all of the show's 156 episodes and "Pingu at the Wedding Party", but it contains the re-dubbed versions of series 1-2, and contains the original version of the special, without the titles and credits.

"Pingu" received mostly positive reviews, Common Sense Media rated the show a 4 out of 5 stars stating "Parents need to know that this claymation series is funny, endearing, and entertaining. Although the series is appropriate for all ages, the plots might be difficult for the youngest viewers to follow".


Tatra mountains

The Tatra Mountains, Tatras or Tatra (Tatry in both Slovak and Polish), constitute a mountain range which forms a natural border between Slovakia and Poland. They occupy an area of 750 km², the major part (600 km²) of which lies in Slovakia. The highest Tatra peak, at 2655 m, is Gerlachovský štít, located in Slovakia. Rysy, at 2499 m, is the highest Polish peak.

The Tatra Mountains are the highest mountain range in the Carpathian Mountains. Although considerably smaller than the Alps, they are classified as having an alpine landscape. Their high mountain character, combined with great accessibility, makes them popular with tourists and scientists.

Ján Lacika, "Tatras" (2nd edition), Bratislava 2006. 






Frank G. Wells

Franklin G. Wells (March 4, 1932 – April 3, 1994) was the former President of Warner Bros. (1973–1977) and the Walt Disney Company (1984–1994). He climbed the highest mountain of every continent, but he did not reach the summit of the Mount Everest.

Frank Wells was born in 1932. At age 37, he became the Vice President of Warner Brothers, in 1973 the President and in 1977 the Vice Chairman. In 1982 he left Warner Bros. to pursue his dream of climbing to the top of the highest mountain on each continent. In 1984, he became part of the Disney concern as the second man behind Michael Eisner. Since 1984 he was the President and the Chief Operating Officer (COO). With Wells and Eisner at the top Disney became again one of the leading entertainment companies.
Frank Wells died in a helicopter crash on April 3, 1994 at age 62 while returning from a ski trip. The Disney animation movie, "The Lion King", is dedicated to him.

Perfect

Perfect could mean:

In mathematics:

In biology:

In music:

As a proper name:

Bodhi Tree

The Bodhi Tree was a large and very old sacred fig tree ("Ficus religiosa"), which grew at the Mahabodhi Temple at Bodh Gaya. Siddhartha Gautama, the spiritual teacher and founder of Buddhism, later known as Gautama Buddha, achieved "Bodhi" (spiritual enlightenment) while sitting under this tree. The Bodhi tree is easily recognised because of its heart-shaped leaves.

The word "Bodhi tree" is also applied to some existing trees, particularly the Sacred Fig growing at the Mahabodhi Temple, which is probably a direct descendant of the original tree. This tree is a frequent place for pilgrims to visit, being the most important of the four holy sites for Buddhists.

The Bodhi tree at the Mahabodhi Temple is called the Sri MahaBodhi. According to Buddhism, after his Enlightenment, Buddha spent a whole week in front of the tree, standing with unblinking eyes, gazing at it with gratitude. A shrine was later built where he had stood.

The spot was used as a shrine even in the lifetime of Buddha, the only shrine that could be so used. King Asoka held a festival every year in its honor in the month of Kattika. His queen, Tissarakkhā, was jealous of the Tree, and three years after she became queen (i.e., in the nineteenth year of Asoka's reign), she caused the tree to be killed by means of mandu thorns. The tree, however, grew again, and a great monastery was attached to the Bodhimanda called the Bodhimanda Vihara. Among those present at the foundation of the Mahā Thūpa are mentioned thirty thousand monks from the Bodhimanda Vihara, led by Cittagutta.

Some part of the Bodhi Tree was sent to Sri Lanka by Ashoka. It was planted in 288 BC, making it the oldest verified specimen of any plant. In this year (the twelfth year of King Asoka's reign) the right branch of the Bodhi tree was brought by Sanghamittā to Anurādhapura and placed by Devānāmpiyatissa in the Mahāmeghavana. Buddha, on his death bed, had resolved "Mahavamsa" From Gayā, the branch was taken to Pātaliputta, then to Tāmalittī, where it was placed in a ship and taken to Jambukola, across the sea; finally it arrived at Anuradhapura, staying on the way at Tivakka. 

According to the Ceylon Chronicles (e.g., Mhv.xv), branches from the Bodhi trees of all the Buddhas born during this kalpa were planted in Ceylon on the spot where the sacred Bodhi tree stands today in Anurādhapura. The branch of Kakusandha's tree was brought by a nun called Rucānandā, Konagamana's by Kantakānandā (or Kanakadattā), and Kassapa's by Sudhammā.


Bob Hope

Leslie Townes Hope (May 29, 1903 – July 27, 2003), better known as Bob Hope, was a British-American comedian, vaudevillian, actor, singer, and dancer. He was the only person who received five honorary Oscars.

Bob Hope was born on May 29, 1903, in London, England to a Welsh mother and English father. In 1908, the Hopes migrated to Cleveland, Ohio. In 1920, at age 17, Hope became a U.S. citizen.

Before he was an actor, Hope became a professional boxer. In this time he was called "Packey East". Years later, he was popular because of some musicals he played in. He was also part of some television and radio shows. At the same time, Bob Hope became a comedian. Hope visited the United States armed forces between 1941 and 1991 during the conflicts in that time period. These shows made Hope a household name and well liked by most Americans. Hope also entertained eleven U.S. Presidents.

In 1939, Bob Hope married Dolores DeFina (May 27, 1909 - September 19, 2011). The couple adopted four children: Eleanora, Anthony, Linda, and Kelly. 

Bob Hope was honored with more than 1500 awards. Among them are five special Oscars in 1941, 1945, 1953, 1960, and 1966. Between 1940 and 1978 he hosted the Academy Awards record seventeen times.

And in 1998 he was appointed an honorary Knight Commander of the Most Excellent Order of the British Empire (KBE) by Queen Elizabeth II. Upon accepting the appointment, Hope quipped, "I'm speechless. 70 years of ad lib material and I'm speechless."

Bob Hope died of pneumonia on July 27, 2003, 2 months after his 100th birthday. He was buried 3 days later, reburied on July 22, 2005 in custom made grave in California.


Dawn French

Dawn French (born 11 October 1957) is a British comedian and actress. 

French studied acting at the London Central School of Speech and Drama, and met Jennifer Saunders there in 1977. French and Saunders became famous when they appeared on a comedy series called "The Comic Strip". They wrote the famous comedy series "French & Saunders" which was first on BBC TV in 1987. She has been nominated for seven BAFTA Awards and also won a Fellowship BAFTA along with Saunders.

French is also well known for appearing as Geraldine Granger in British sitcom "The Vicar of Dibley". In her career in movie, French played "The Fat Lady" picture in the movie "Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban" and voiced the beaver in "".

French is known for her larger figure. She tries to promote the idea that "big" can be beautiful. As a result, she has her own line of clothes, Sixteen47. The name is from the statistic that 47% of British females are at least a size 16. The clothes are made to look good on larger women.




French and Saunders won the Golden Rose of Montreux award in 2002 and in 2003. She was listed in "The Observer" as one of the 50 funniest acts in British comedy. In a 2006 poll French was named as the most admired female celebrity amongst women in Britain. 






Port-au-Prince

Port-au-Prince (Pòtoprens in Kreyòl) is the capital city of Haiti. Haiti is also divided into ten "Départements"; Port-au-Prince is the capital of the Ouest "Département."

Port-au-Prince is Haiti's largest city. According to the country's 2015 census, over 2.6 million people lived there.

Port-au-Prince was built in 1749. At that time, Haiti was a French colony called "Saint-Domingue". Before 1770, "Cap-Français" (now Cap-Haïtien) was the capital of Saint-Domingue. In 1770, Port-au-Prince replaced "Cap-Français" as the capital of Saint-Domingue.

In 1804, the people of Haiti won the Haitian Revolution, and Haiti became an independent country. Port-au-Prince became the capital of this new country. During the French and Haitian Revolutions, it was called "Port-Républicain", before Jean-Jacques Dessalines renamed it Port-au-Prince.

Shortly after it won its independence, Haiti's new leaders divided the country between a kingdom in the north and a republic in the south. Port-au-Prince remained the capital of the republic.

Port-au-Prince is the cultural centre of Haiti. The State University of Haiti ("L'Université d'État d'Haïti," or UEH, in French); the Université Quisqueya; and the "Université Caraïbe" are all located in the city.

Port-au-Prince is the nation's largest centre of economy and finance. It has the most important port in the country, where coffee and sugar are exported. Port-au-Prince has soap, textile, and cement factories, and others to process foods.

There is also an international airport about north of the city. It is named "Aéroport International Toussaint L'ouverture" after national hero Toussaint L'ouverture.

The city was very badly damaged and more than 100,000 people died in the 2010 Haiti earthquake, which is one of the deadliest earthquakes in history. Due to extreme poverty, the city has still not recovered from the earthquake, and many ruins still remain.

Hamelin

Hameln (English name sometimes "Hamelin") is a city in Germany. In 2005, about 58,000 people lived there. A very well-known story from there is called The Pied Piper of Hamelin ("Der Rattenfänger von Hameln"). The story dates from the Middle Ages.


Mikoyan-Gurevich MiG-25

The MiG-25 Foxbat is a fast fighter plane made made by Russian airplane company Mikoyan. Its primary goal is to attack enemies at high speed and altitude. It first flew in 1964 and was introduced in 1970. In 1976, a Soviet MiG-25 pilot left the Soviet Union and flew his plane to Japan, where it was looked at. It is very fast, and can go Mach 3.2 (3.2 times the speed of sound). However, the engines could be destroyed if the plane is flown this fast. It can carry 4 radar guided missiles and 4 heat seeking missiles. It is now being replaced by the MiG-31 Foxhound, but is used a little in other countries.


Semi-major and semi-minor axes

In geometry, the semi-major axis is the distance from the center of an ellipse to the farthest point on the perimeter of the ellipse. The semi-major axis is half of the major axis, which goes all the way across the ellipse at the widest part. The semi-minor axis is a line segment that is at 90 degrees with the semi-major axis. For the circle, the lengths of the semi-axes are both equal to the radius.

Apsis

In astronomy, an apsis, plural "apsides" (IPA: //) is the point of greatest or least distance of the elliptical orbit of an astronomical object from its center of attraction, which is generally the center of mass of the system.
The point of closest approach is called the periapsis or pericentre and the point of farthest excursion is called the apoapsis (Greek από, "from", which becomes απ before a vowel, and αφ before rough breathing), apocentre or apapsis (the latter term, although etymologically more correct, is much less used). A straight line drawn through the periapsis and apoapsis is the "line of apsides". This is the major axis of the ellipse, the line through the longest part of the ellipse.

Similar words are used to identify the body being orbited. The most common are perigee and apogee, referring to orbits around the Earth, and perihelion and aphelion, referring to orbits around the Sun (Greek ‘ήλιος "hēlios" sun). During the Apollo program, the terms pericynthion and apocynthion were used when referring to the moon.

The perihelion is the point in the orbit of an object that is nearest to the Sun. The aphelion is the point in the orbit of an object where it is farthest from the Sun.

All planets, comets and asteroids in our solar system have approximately elliptical (a kind of non-circular) orbits. Thus, they all have a closest and a farthest point from the sun: a perihelion and an aphelion. Orbital eccentricity measures the flatness of the orbit. Any single revolution of a body around the sun is only approximately elliptical, because the precession of the perihelion prevents the orbit from being a simple closed curve such as an ellipse. This causes Milankovich cycles. 

Earth comes closest to the sun every year around January 3. It is farthest from the sun every year around July 4. The difference in distance between Earth's nearest point to the sun in January and farthest point from the sun in July is . Earth is about from the Sun in early January, in contrast to about in early July.

When Earth is closest to the Sun, it is winter in the northern hemisphere and summer in the southern hemisphere. Thus it is possible to see that Earth's distance from the Sun does not noticeably cause the seasons to change; the relatively minor effects of differences in distance is somewhat masked by the mainly oceanic southern hemisphere vs the half-continental northern hemisphere. Therefore, the Earth's seasons come and go mainly because Earth does not rotate with its axis exactly upright with respect to the plane of the Earth’s orbit around the sun. Earth's axial tilt is 23.5 degrees. This puts the Sun farther south in December and January, so the north has winter and the south has summer. Thus winter falls on that part of the globe where sunlight strikes least directly. Summer falls on that part of the globe where sunlight strikes most directly.


Orbital eccentricity

In astrodynamics, orbital eccentricity shows how much the shape of an object's orbit is different from a circle.
Eccentricity (formula_1) is defined for all circular, elliptic, parabolic and hyperbolic orbits. It can take the following values:

Here is a formula to find eccentricity:

formula_6

Where e is the eccentricity, r is the apoapsis (far point) of the object's orbit, and r is the periapsis (near point) of the object's orbit. The near and far points are the apsides.

Astronomical unit

The astronomical unit (AU) is a unit of length derived from the Earth's orbit. It is the average distance the Earth gets from the Sun "on the long axis of the ellipse". Its definition is: the length of the semi-major axis of the Earth's elliptical orbit around the Sun. "Semi-major" means half the long axis.

The AU is about 150 million kilometers or 93 million miles. Astronomers usually measure distances within the Solar System in astronomical units. Mars is about 1.4 AU from the Sun, Jupiter lies at roughly 5.2 AU, and Neptune is roughly 30 AU from the Sun. Light travels an AU in about 8.317 minutes.

From 1976 to 2012 the AU was defined as “the radius of an unperturbed circular Newtonian orbit about the Sun of a particle having infinitesimal mass, moving with a mean motion of 0.01720209895 radians per day (known as the Gaussian constant)”. In 2012, the IAU redefined it to be simply . 

In the IERS numerical standards, the speed of light in a vacuum is defined as "c" = , in accordance with the SI units. The time to cover an AU is τ = , resulting in the astronomical unit in metres as "c"τ = . It is very roughly the distance from the Earth to the Sun.


Degree (angle)

In mathematics, a degree is a common way to measure plane angle. It is written with the symbol formula_1, where formula_2 corresponds to the entire circle.

It is not an SI unit. The SI uses radian to measure plane angle. However, according to the SI brochure, it is an accepted unit by SI.

The actual reason of choosing the degree as a way to measure plane angle is unknown. One theory says that it is related with the fact that a year is approximately 360 days. Some ancient calendars, for example the Persian calendar and the Babylonian calendar used 360 days for a year.

Another theory says that the Babylonians divided the circle using the angle of an equilateral triangle. The angle was then divided into 60 parts. This is because they used sexagesimal or base-60 numeral system.


Epoch (astronomy)

In astronomy, an epoch (or sometimes epochal moment) is a moment in time for which the position or the orbital elements of a celestial body are specified.

The position at other times can be measured by taking into account proper motion or orbital motion. In the case of orbital elements for a solar system body, these change due to perturbation by other bodies in our solar system.

Julian day

The Julian day or Julian day number (JDN) is the number of days that have passed since the initial epoch defined as noon Universal Time (UT) Monday, 1 January 4713 BC in the Julian calendar. That noon-to-noon day is defined as Julian day 0. Thus all JDNs that are evenly divisible by 7 are Mondays. Negative values may also be used; although, those predate recorded history.

For example, right now at the JDN is (-0.5) round 0 (). When this JDN is divided by 7, the remainder is ((-0.5) round 0)% 7, which is an integer expression for the day of the week with 0 representing Monday.

The Julian date (JD) is a continuous count of days and fractions elapsed since the same initial epoch. Currently the JD is . The integral part (its floor) gives the Julian day number. The fractional part gives the time of day since noon UT as a decimal fraction of one day or fractional day, with 0.5 representing midnight UT. Typically, a 64-bit floating point (double precision) variable can represent an epoch expressed as a Julian date to about 1 millisecond precision.

A Julian date of 2454115.05486 means that the date and Universal Time is Sunday 14 January 2007 at 13:18:59.9.

The decimal parts of a Julian date:
0.1 = 2.4 hours or 144 minutes or 8640 seconds
0.01 = 0.24 hours or 14.4 minutes or 864 seconds
0.001 = 0.024 hours or 1.44 minutes or 86.4 seconds
0.0001 = 0.0024 hours or 0.144 minutes or 8.64 seconds
0.00001 = 0.00024 hours or 0.0144 minutes or 0.864 seconds.

Almost 2.5 million Julian days have elapsed since the initial epoch. JDN 2,400,000 was November 16, 1858. JD 2,500,000.0 will occur on August 31, 2132 at noon UT.

The Julian day number can be considered a very simple calendar, where its calendar date is just an integer. This is useful for reference, computations, and conversions. It allows the time between any two dates in history to be computed by simple subtraction.

The Julian day system was introduced by astronomers to provide a single system of dates that could be used when working with different calendars and to unify different historical chronologies. Apart from the choice of the zero point and name, this Julian day and Julian date are not directly related to the Julian calendar, although it is possible to convert any date from one calendar to the other.

Meatball

A meatball is meat that is ground up (finely cut), mixed with other ingredients, then shaped like a ball. Most meatballs are made out of beef. Meatballs can also be made out of chicken, fish, or other kinds of meat. The other ingredients (parts) are usually bread, onion, and eggs. Meatballs can be cooked by frying, baking, or steaming them. Meatballs are sometimes served with pasta or in a sauce. Meatballs originated from Turkey. There are many types of meatball like foggots, polpette, albondigas etc.

Mandé people

Mandé or Manding is a region between southern Mali and eastern Guinea. The Hunters from Wagadou (or Ouagadou) founded Mandé, the Mandingo country, notably the mythical ancestors Kontron and Sanin, at the origin of the Malinké and Bambaras hunter brotherhood. This country was famous for the large number of animals and game that it sheltered, as well as its dense vegetation. A very popular hunting ground. The Camara (or Kamara) are considered to be the oldest family to have lived in Mandé, after having left, due to the drought, Ouallata, a region of Wagadou, in the south-east of present-day Mauritania. They founded the first village of Mandé, Kirikoroni, then Kirina, Siby, Kita. Many of the families that make up the Mandingo community were born in Mande. Mandé is the province from which the Mali Empire started, under the leadership of Soundiata Keïta.

Amadou Toumani Touré

General (ret) Amadou Toumani Touré (November 4, 1948 – November 10, 2020) was the president of Mali. He took power from a military ruler, Moussa Traoré in 1991, then he gave power to civilian (non-military) authorities in 1992. He won the presidential election in 2002. He won the next election easily in 2007. He was born in Mopti, Mali.

Touré died on November 10, 2020 in Istanbul, Turkey just one week after his 72nd birthday.

Ghana Empire

The Ghana Empire was in what is now southeastern Mauritania, Western Mali, and Eastern Senegal. It is also sometimes called the Wagadu Empire. It started in around 100 CE and ended in mid-1000 CE. 
They had two sides; Muslim and Non-muslim what divided them was a 6 miles of informal market villages (street).
Ghana sat on top of a gold mine trade routes and was a very wealthy empire of it's 900 years of development . Its capital was Koumbi Saleh. Surrounded Modern Northern Senegal. Southern Mauritania and south west Mali. Trade an taxation with neighboring nomads, city-states, chiefdoms in gold and salt eventually collapsed with north african imperial competition an change sahel climate. Leading to the Ghana Empire fracturing then occupation by opportunistic kafu(vassals city-states/town/villages) like the the Zosso an ultimately absorption into the rising Mali Empire once they militarily upheaved the Zosso in Battle of Kirina 1235 AD. 

Ghana empire most noteable dynastic figure was named Dinga Cisse but there are several ruler named Dinga aswell as Cisse. So the Malian historians particularly of Soninke descent differentiate the dynastic Dinga an Cisse from the mythological Soninke founder of the Ghana Empire, by referring to said original founder as Dinga Cisse ""Ancient"" thought to traveled from the north east of the river Niger in the 6th through 3rd centuries B.C. but that up for further debate.

Mali Empire

The Mali Empire was a West African country from 1235 to 1645. The Mandinka people lived there they still are in some parts of Africa today. It is also called the Manding Empire or Manden Kurufa. Sundiata Keita started the empire and the empire became famous because its rulers were very rich, especially Mansa Musa I. The Mali Empire had many important cultural effects on West Africa, spreading language, laws and customs along the Niger River. This was because of the spread of Islam by verbal wording.

For such a prolific empire, there are few written accounts of its greatness. Most of the written accounts that do exist came from Arab scholars who traveled through the region. Instead of written accounts, most of the stories from the locals were passed down through oral histories, songs and poems. Until this day, ‘griots’ still tell stories of the ancient history in the area. Architects in the Mali Empire combined styles of the Sahel region and Middle East together, particularly after Emperor Musa’s pilgrimage to Mecca. There were several royal palaces built during the time, many of which are still standing. Mud bricks, log beams and plaster helped these palaces to remain standing. The most famous work of architecture from the time period is the Great Mosque of Djenné, now a UNESCO World Heritage Site. The mosque was rebuilt in 1907 and can still be visited in Djenné. However, if you aren’t a Muslim, you can’t go inside.
The Mali Empire had one of the richest leaders in history. The richest and most famous of all the leaders of the Mali Empire was Mansa Musa. It is thought by some that Mansa Musa could have been the wealthiest person in history. According to stories, he took 60,000 people on a pilgrimage to Mecca in 1324 along with camels loaded down with gold. 
Islam was very important to the Mali Empire. Most of the kings of the Mali Empire eventually converted to Islam, with their people subsequently practicing as well. However, unlike many empires, they didn’t make their subjects convert, and the version of Islam that they practiced was combined with the local traditions of the villages. You can still see many relics in cities like Bamako, Djenné and Timbuktu.
The Mali Empire's most important industry was gold. People in the ancient world were drawn to it. The Mali Empire (Timbuktu in particular) was a huge trading center for the gold industry. Camel caravans would come to the area before leaving across the trans-Saharan trade routes. The empire had so much gold that it caused the market to crash for a period of time when Mansa Musa brought almost a ton of gold to Cairo. The army of the Mali Empire was massive.
During the height of the Mali Empire, the army numbered around 100,000 men and 10,000 cavalry, making it one of the largest in the world at the time. The empire used this army to gain new lands. Mansa Musa was the richest person in the world. 

Timbuktu

Timbuktu is a city in Tombouctou Region, Mali. Sankore University and other madrasas are in the city. The city was important for thinking and for religion in the 15th and 16th centuries. It was important in spreading Islam through Africa at that time. There are three great mosques: Djingareyber, Sankore and Sidi Yahya. They are reminders of Timbuktu's golden age. They are always being fixed, but are threatened because the desert is spreading.

Songhay, Tuareg, Fulani, and Mandé people live in Timbuktu. It is about 15 km north of the Niger River. There is a route across the Sahara Desert from east to west and this is used for trade. There is another from north to south. These two routes meet in Timbuktu. It is an "entrepôt" for rock salt from Taoudenni. This means that the salt is brought here and sold to other people to take it somewhere else, but no tax is charged.

Its location helped different people meet, so local people, Berbers and Arabs met here. It has a long history of mixed African trade, so it became famous in Europe for this reason. Therefore, western people often thought of Timbuktu as being exotic. It has a hot desert climate ("BWh" in the Koeppen climate classification).

Timbuktu has given a lot of research and study to Islam and to the world. Important books were written and copied in Timbuktu in the 14th century. This made the city become the center of writing in Africa.

Jeanne Demessieux

Jeanne Demessieux (born Montpellier, France, 13 February 1921; died Paris, 11 November 1968), was a French organist and composer.
She started to learn the piano when she was very young, before taking up the organ. Her family moved to Paris so that she could continue to have music lessons there. She became an organ student at the Conservatoire in 1933. In the same year she got a job as organist of the St. Esprit church in Paris. She had this job for 29 years.

Between 1936 and 1939, she studied organ privately with the great Marcel Dupré, and in 1939 she joined his organ class at the Conservatoire. After receiving a first prize in organ performance and improvisation in 1941, she studied five more years with Dupré in Meudon, before she played her first recital at Salle Pleyel in Paris in 1946. This was the beginning of her career as an international recitalist. She played more than 700 concerts in Europe and the United States.
Gifted with an amazing musical memory, she could play more than 2,500 pieces from memory, including all the organ works of Johann Sebastian Bach, César Franck, Franz Liszt, Felix Mendelssohn-Bartholdy and Dupré.

She was also a remarkable improviser. When she gave her first solo concert in Paris at Salle Pleyel in 1946, she was given four musical themes and improvised a symphony in four movements.

A teacher of the organ at Nancy and Brussels, she made several LP recordings, of which those of music by Franck are probably the best known. She had plans to record all the organ works of Olivier Messiaen. However, she died relatively young, at age 47, of cancer, before she was able to finish this task.

She wrote many compositions, especially for the organ. These include: "Nativité", "Six Études", "Sept Méditations sur le Saint-Esprit", "Triptyque", "Twelve Choral-Preludes on Gregorian Chant Themes", "Te Deum", "Répons pour les Temps Liturgiques", and "Prélude et fugue en UT".

House mouse

House mouse ("Mus musculus") is the common mouse. It is one of the species of the genus "Mus". Often, it is just called a mouse. It is a small rodent. 

In most parts of the world, they live close to humans. Laboratory mice are types of house mice and are some of the most important organisms used for research in biology and medicine. They are the most commonly used laboratory mammal for experiments.

They are quite small, but are not the smallest mammals. House mice have an adult body length (nose to base of tail) of 7.5–10 cm (3.0–3.9 in) and a tail length of 5–10 cm (2.0–3.9 in). The weight is typically 10–25 g (0.4–0.9 oz). Usually, house mice are dark beige. Selected strains of mice can be got in other colours.

It is a small, scaly-tailed mouse with a distinct notch in the cutting surface of upper incisors (seen best in side view). Its hair short; ears moderately large and naked. 

The main problem of small mammals is their high surface to weight ratio: they have a big surface area for such a small mass. Since heat is radiated from the surface, they have adaptations to help them keep their temperature up to normal. They need to eat frequently, and live in areas where they are protected from the coldest weather. Easy access to high-quality vegetable food (such as grains) and a protected habitat helps them survive and multiply. That is why they are fond of human settlements.

Their life-span in the wild averages about a year. They are eaten by a variety of small carnivores, but they reproduce rapidly, so that keeps the numbers up. Females have 314 babies in a litter, and can have 5 to 10 litters a year. In good conditions, the mouse population rises quickly.

Although not native to North America, the house mouse was introduced accidentally to seaport towns. It is now widespread throughout the United States. It occurs either as a commensal or feral animal in practically all parts of the U.S. 

As commensal animals, house mice live in close association with man – in houses, outbuildings, stores, and other structures. Where conditions permit, feral mice may be found in fields, along watercourses, and in other places where vegetation is dense enough to hide them.

Scientology

Scientology is a movement based on a system of beliefs. These beliefs are based on written words by author L. Ron Hubbard. A few other people have added, but almost all of it is his. He started it in 1954. Hubbard contributed until his death in 1986. 

Different people understand the words Hubbard wrote differently. In some countries, there are Churches of Scientology. Some people are suspicious of the Church. They feel that it is a cult, and a business to make money. Scientology has been controversial since it began.

Scientology teaches that people are immortal spirits who have forgotten their true nature. Scientologists say that, through a system called "auditing", they help people remember their true nature by re-experiencing painful events in their past and understanding them better. 

There are many organizations that are linked to Scientology. For example, some help people stop using harmful drugs or to get back into society after they served a prison term. 

Scientology says that psychiatry is bad, and should not be allowed to exist.

The current leader of Scientology is David Miscavige.

The Church of Scientology says that 13–15 million people are a part of the Church. Critics disagree with that figure, however. They say the organization probably does not have more than 100,000 followers, mostly in the United States. They say that in 1960, there were probably 50,000 to 100,000 followers in the U.S. In the 1990s, a representative survey claimed there were only about 45,000 followers left. These figures seemed to have increased a bit, by 2004, where there were an estimated 55,000 followers.

The Church of Scientology was started by the American writer and philosopher L. Ron Hubbard in the year 1954. It is not as well known as Christianity or Islam, but it is newer. Scientologists believe their movement is growing. They claim it has thousands of churches, some of which are very small. The largest is in Clearwater, Florida.


L. Ron Hubbard wrote about the goals of Scientology, saying:

This means the goals of Scientology are to create a civilization where:
In 1972, Hubbard told a group of Scientologists: "You are the people the planet obeys. You are the people who own the planet."

Scientologists say that the book Dianetics was the first self-help book ever written. It was written by L Ron Hubbard in the year 1950. Some key concepts in the book are:

Another basic teaching of Scientology is that understanding comes from three things together:
Hubbard called this the "ARC Triangle." Scientologists use this in their everyday lives. It is based upon the idea that making one of these three things better makes the other two better.

The tone scale is a way to rate an emotion as bad, better, or good. The scale goes from -40 ("Total Failure") to +40 ("Serenity of Being"). Positions on the tone scale started from the idea that one way of feeling is better than a worse way of feeling. But Hubbard described many other things that go along with emotion, such as health, mating behavior, survival potential, and ability to deal with truth. The tone scale is frequently used by Scientologists to understand people. According to Scientology, the lower the individual is on the tone scale, the more complex his problems are.

Many well-known people are followers of Scientology. They include:



Mike Gravel

Maurice Robert "Mike" Gravel (May 13, 1930 – June 26, 2021) was an American Democratic politician. He was member of the Libertarian Party from 2008 to 2010 when he re-joined the Democratic Party. He served as a United States Senator from Alaska (1969-1981) and, previously, as member of the Alaska House of Representatives (1953-1966, speaker from 1965-1966). Gravel was a two-time presidential candidate in 2008 and in 2020.

Gravel was born in Springfield, Massachusetts. He studied at Assumption College, American International College and at Columbia University. He moved to Alaska in 1956.

From 1953 to 1966, Gravel was a member of the Alaska House of Representatives. From 1965 to 1966, Gravel was Speaker of the Alaska House of Representatives. In 1969, he was elected United States Senator from Alaska. 

Gravel is best known for his successful effort to end military draft during the Vietnam War and put the Pentagon Papers into the public record in 1971. He was seen as a possible running mate for George McGovern's 1972 presidential campaign.

Gravel lost to Clark Gruening in the Democratic Party for re-election in the 1980 Senate election.

As a candidate for the Democratic Presidential nomination in 2008 he wanted withdrawal of US Armed Forces from Iraq, more health care and social security, and preventing global warming. He is also one of the earliest and the most famous supporters of direct democracy in the United States.

On March 19, 2019, Gravel created an exploratory committee to run for President once again in the 2020 election. He said he would run not to win the nomination, but to raise awareness of bigger issues. On April 2, 2019, Gravel filed to officially run for office. He dropped out of the race on July 31, 2019 after failing to qualify for the debates. He endorsed Bernie Sanders and Tulsi Gabbard for President on August 5. His campaign manager was a 17 year old high school student.

Gravel died on June 26, 2021 at his home in Seaside, California from multiple myeloma at the age of 91.


Iva Zanicchi

Iva Zanicchi (born 18 January 1940) is an Italian singer and politician. She was a Member of the European Parliament from 2004 - 2014.




North German Confederation

The North German Confederation (), was first a military alliance of 22 states of northern Germany, and later a federal state. It was preceded by a Zollverein, a customs union that allowed free trade among most German states. The Confederation started in August 1866, and the Kingdom of Prussia was the leading state. On July 1st 1867, the North German Constitution made the alliance a federal state.

An Austrian-Prussian rivalry, starting in the 1700s, had led to the Austro-Prussian War of July/August 1866. Immediate causes for the war had been the unsettled question of Slesvig-Holstein (which Prussia intended to annex) and a reform of the German Confederation. After a victory in summer 1866, agreements with Austria and France allowed Prussia to reshape the political landscape in Northern Germany (north of the river Main). The leading politician of Prussia was minister president Otto von Bismarck, serving under king William I.

On 18 August 1866, Prussia and most of the north German states signed the August Treaty. They agreed on a military alliance and declared their intention to create a federal state. (Some other states joined soon.) A federal state is different from an alliance as it has a federal government and legislation, and it is different from a unitary state as there are still rather powerful states below the federal level. Plans for a federal state in Germany had existed since the year 1848.

The allied governments led by Bismarck made a proposal for a North German constitution. An organ was elected to represent the people of Northern Germany, the "konstituierender Reichstag". The election took place in February 1867. After some modifications of the proposal, the states' governments and parliaments accepted the final draft. On July 1st, the constitution came into force.

According to the constitution, legislation was the matter of two organs. The "Reichstag" was the parliament, elected by all men above the age of 25. The Federal Council was an organ representing the governments of the states. The holder of the "Bundespräsidium" was the king of Prussia (the 'republican' term 'president' had been avoided intentionally). The holder of the "Bundespräsidium" installed the Federal Chancellor. Not by name, but factually this was the (only) federal minister, the head of the executive.

In 1870, during the Franco-Prussian War, the South German states joined the North German Confederation. The new constitution of January 1st, 1871, renamed the country from 'North German Confederation' to 'German Empire'. The holder of the "Bundespräsidium" received the additional title of an Emperor. The political system as described in the constitution, and the flag, remained the same. (The final constitution of the Empire stems from April/May 1871; as a result, nearly all terms that included 'federal' were changed to 'imperial'.)

The modern national state of Germany is, as an international subject and as a legal entity, identical to the North German Confederation. Law and international treaties of the era 1867-1870 are in principle still valid. In a conservative-liberal cooperation lasting from 1867 to 1878, Germany saw a remarkable modernisation and unification. The North German Confederation introduced the metric system, a modern penal code (Strafgesetzbuch), same rights for all denominations, a postal union etc.

The federation handled the mail and issued postage stamps, after 1 January 1868. But the federation did not issue its own money, so different stamps had to be issued. Stamps valued in groschen were used in the north, stamps in kreuzer in the Southern District. All of these stamps were marked "NORDDEUTSCHER POSTBEZIRK" (North German Postal Area).

A third set of stamps were printed for Hamburg. These were also marked "STADTPOSTBRIEF HAMBURG".

MiG Alley

MiG Alley was a place during the Korean War that had a lot of North Korean MiG-15 Fagots in the area. It was over north west North Korea, near China. F-86 Sabres mainly fought the MiGs. Some of the pilots were Russian fighter pilots from World War II and were very well trained. They were called "honchos" (Japanese for "big shot"). The top kills were scored by Soviet aces, so it was said that the Soviets won.


NetBackup

Veritas' NetBackup is a data backup software for Windows, Linux, FreeBSD, and MacOS designed for business use. It is often used alongside hypervisors such as VMware Workstation Player or VirtualBox

Argument of periapsis

In astronomy, the argument of periapsis (ω) is a way of talking about the orbit of a planet, asteroid or comet. It is also known as the argument of perihelion or the argument of perifocus. It is the angle (starting from the center of the orbit) between an orbiting body's periapsis and its ascending node. Periapsis is the point when the orbiting object comes the closest to the thing it is orbiting around; for example, the moon is at periapsis when it is closest to the Earth. The ascending node is one of two places where an orbiting object passes through the reference plane, an imaginary flat surface which runs through the object being orbited around. The size of the angle depends on which way the object is orbiting.

The angle is measured in the orbital plane and in the direction of motion. For specific types of orbits, words such as "perihelion or perigee" (for Sun-centered orbits), "perigee" (for Earth-centered orbits), "pericenter" (general), etc. may replace the word "periapsis".

An argument of periapsis of 0° means that the orbiting body will be at its closest approach to the central body at the same moment that it crosses the plane of reference from south to north. An argument of periapsis of 90° means that the orbiting body will reach periapsis at its northmost distance from the plane of reference.


Longitude of the ascending node

The longitude of the ascending node (☊ or Ω) is one of the orbital elements used to specify the orbit of an object in space. It is the angle from a reference direction, called the "origin of longitude", to the direction of the ascending node, measured in a reference plane.

Mean anomaly

In the study of orbital dynamics the mean anomaly of an orbiting body is the angle the body would have travelled about the center of the orbit's auxiliary circle. Unlike other measures of anomaly, the mean anomaly grows linearly with time. Because of the linear growth with time, the mean anomaly makes calculating the time of flight between two points on the orbit very easy. The mean anomalies for the two points are calculated and their difference is found. Knowing this, the ratio of this difference relative to the entire formula_1 encompassing one orbit is simply equal to ratio of the time of flight to the orbital period of one whole orbit (i.e. formula_2).

Orbital period

The orbital period is the time taken for a given object to make one complete orbit around another object. The year and month are orbital periods. 

When mentioned without further qualification in astronomy this refers to the sidereal period of an astronomical object, which is calculated with respect to the stars. Other periods include the synodic period, which is the interval between conjunctions. 

Orbital speed

The orbital speed of a body, usually a planet, a natural satellite, an artificial satellite, or a multiple star, is the speed at which it orbits around the barycenter of a system, usually around a more massive body. It can be used to refer to either the mean orbital speed, the average speed as it completes an orbit, or instantaneous orbital speed, the speed at a particular point in its orbit.

The orbital speed at any position in the orbit can be computed from the distance to the central body at that position, and the specific orbital energy, which is independent of position: it equals the kinetic energy plus the potential energy, divided by the mass. It is also given by Kepler's Second Law.

101

Year 101 was a common year starting on Friday of the Gregorian calendar.



Continental drift

Continental drift is a historical, scientific theory. The theory was first proposed by Abraham Ortelius in 1596. It was fully developed by the German geologist and meteorologist Alfred Wegener in 1915. 

The theory said that parts of the Earth's crust move slowly on top of a liquid mantle of higher density. The theory has now been included in the wider theory of plate tectonics.

The theory was supported by finding the same minerals and fossils in western Europe and eastern North America. There are also similar fossils on the western coast of Africa and the eastern South America. The shapes of these continents nearly fit together. The theory was plausible (believable), but there was no known mechanism to drive these great movements. This problem was later solved by plate tectonics.

The pattern of volcanic activity, mountain building (orogeny) and earthquakes is explained by continental drift. The existence of identical rocks widely apart supports the theory. 

Examples (there are hundreds):

The basic machine driving continental movement is heat moving from the Earth's mantle through the crust and out of the planet. The effect of this is to cause convection, and plate movement. 

Two events in particular are of huge importance:

Saxe-Altenburg

Saxe-Altenburg () was one of the Ernestine duchies of the House of Wettin.
Altenburg was independent for most of the 1600s until 1672. This is when the last male ruler died. Because only men could rule the Ernestine duchies Altenburg began to be ruled by the Duke of Saxe-Gotha, who had married the last ruler’s daughter.

In 1825 the ruler died, and he also had no male heirs. Saxe-Gotha-Altenburg was split up. Gotha was given to the Duke of Saxe-Coburg-Saalfeld and Altenburg to the Duke of Saxe-Hildburghausen, who in exchange gave up Saalfeld and Hildburghausen to the Duke of Saxe-Meiningen. This family ruled in the duchy until the end of the monarchies in 1918. Saxe-Altenburg became part of the new state of Thuringia in the Weimar Republic in 1920.

Saxe-Altenburg had an area of and a population of 207,000 (1905). Its capital was Altenburg.

The Saxe-Altenburg line became extinct following the death of Prince George Moritz in 1991.



In 1991 the Saxe-Altenburg line became extinct.

Two branches descend from duke Ernest the Pious, the father of the progenitor of this Saxe-Altenburg branch: Saxe-Meiningen and Saxe-Coburg-Gotha; according to old Wettin family law, they would have divided the actual territories between them (as happened to Gotha and Altenburg in 1826). The senior male agnate descending from duke Ernest the Pious, in 1991 , was prince Frederick-Alfred of Saxe-Meiningen (a monk, 1921-1997), and thus technically succeeded then as titular duke of Saxe-Altenburg and head of the whole branch; but, because he renounced all his succession rights in favor of his uncle Bernhard, was him instead Frederick-Alfred the general heir of the line of Saxe-Meiningen. His successor was Konrad, Duke of Saxe-Meiningen, the present head of that branch.



Porcupine

A porcupine is a rodent with a coat of sharp spines, or quills, that defend them from predators. The porcupine is the third biggest rodent, after the capybara, and beaver. They are not to be confused with hedgehogs. Most porcupines are about 60–90 cm long, with a 20–25 cm long tail. Weighing between 12-35 pounds (5–16 kg), they are rounded, large and slow. Porcupines come in various shades of brown, grey, and the unusual white. The name "porcupine" comes from Middle French "porc d'épine" "thorny pork", hence the nickname "quill pig" for the animal. The correct term for a baby porcupine is a porcupette. A porcupette has soft quills made of hardened hair. This protects the mother from injury as she gives birth.

The animal's quills or spines take on many forms, depending on the type, but all are hairs coated with thick plates of keratin, and they are in the skin musculature. Old World porcupines (Hystricidae) have quills in clusters. New World porcupines (Erethizontidae) have single quills mixed with bristles, underfur, and hair.

Porcupine quills are as sharp as needles, can be removed very easily, and will stay stuck in an attacker. Unlike needles, however, the quills of New World porcupines have small, backwards-facing barbs on the tip that catch on the skin making them hard and painful to pull out. Quills are about 75 mm long and 2 mm wide. If a quill gets in the tissues of an attacker, the barbs act to pull the quill farther into the tissues with the normal muscle movements of the attacker, moving up to many millimeters in a day. Animals who try to eat porcupines can die because of quill penetration and infection. Quills can still penetrate animals and humans even after death. The ancient belief that porcupines can throw their quills at an enemy has long been proved to be incorrect.

Porcupines can live in a wide range of places in tropical and mild parts of Asia, Italy, Africa, and North and South America. Porcupines live in forests, deserts and grasslands. Some live in trees, others stay on the ground.

Porcupines in search of salt sometimes live in human places, eating plywood cured with sodium nitrate, certain paints, and tool handles, footwear, clothes and other items that have been coated in salty sweat. Porcupines like going near roads in areas where rock salt is used to melt ice and snow. They are known to gnaw on vehicle tires or wiring coated in road salt. Salt licks placed nearby can stop porcupine damage.

Natural sources of salt used by porcupines include salt-rich plants (such as yellow water lily and aquatic liverwort), fresh animal bones, outer tree bark and mud in salt-rich soils.

The Silvia Night Show

The Silvia Night Show is a 2007 Icelandic television series following the controversial fictional character Silvia Night. It is the English version that was made to promote her participation in the Eurovision Song Contest.

The show followed Silvia Night during her appearance in Eurovision Song Contest 2006, and her tantrums after she realised she did not qualify for the final.

Silvia also received a lot of attention from media when she, on the premiere day of her own television program, protested against it on the streets of Reykjavík saying that "the show is total junk". The show will be available on DVD sometime soon.

"The Silvia Night Show" started airing in Sweden on the channel TV400 on October 10, 2007.


Jakten på Billie Jo

The winner was Alexandra Sapot. The winner was chosen by Swedish viewers' televotes and the production company Jarowskij.



Ernestine duchies

The Ernestine duchies, are sometimes called the Saxon duchies, were a changing number of small states in the present German state of Thuringia, governed by dukes of the Ernestine line of the house of Wettin. The Albertine duchies of Weissenfels, Merseburg and Zeitz were are also sometimes called "Saxon duchies" and border several Ernestine ones.

The old Duchy of Saxon began to split up in the 15th Century, because law said that all sons should inherit. All of the sons of a Saxon duke had the title of "Duke", sometimes brothers ruled the territory together, and sometimes they divided it up between them. Some of the Ernestine duchies stayed independent until 1918. The nearby royal houses of Reuss and Schwarzburg also divided up their territory, so Thuringia was a tangle of little states, exclaves and enclaves from the late 15th Century until the early 20th Century.

Albert, grandson of Albert "the Bear" inherited the Duchy of Saxony from his father. Albert's sons divided Saxony into the duchies of Saxe-Lauenburg and Saxe-Wittenberg. When duke of Saxe-Wittenberg died without an heir in 1422, the Emperor Sigismund gave the duchy to Frederick IV of the House of Wettin. Frederick was already Margrave of Meißen and Landgrave of Thuringia, and then became Frederick I, Elector of Saxony. Frederick was followed as Elector by his son Frederick II, and when Frederick II died in 1464 his sons Ernest and Albert took over. Because he was the older, Ernest became Elector of Saxony, but the brothers shared ruling the lands until 1485. Then Ernest took northern Meißen, southern Thuringia, and Wittenberg, with Albert receiving northern Thuringia and southern Meißen

Elector Ernest died in 1486, and was succeeded by his son, Frederick III, the Wise.

It was Frederick the Wise who set up the University of Wittenberg in 1502. This was because the only university in Saxony was in Leipzig, was in the part of Saxony controlled by the descendants of his uncle, Albert. The University of Wittenberg was were Martin Luther posted his 95 Theses. Frederick protected Luther, and did not send him to Rome for trial. Frederick allowed Lutheran reforms in his country.
Frederick the Wise had three grandsons to share the territory. John Frederick II set up his capitals in Eisenach and Coburg, the middle brother John William staying in Weimar (Saxe-Weimar), and the youngest, John Frederick III took Gotha (Saxe-Gotha).

John Frederick III of Gotha died unmarried and heirless in 1565 and John William of Weimar tried to claim Saxe-Gotha, but the sons of the imprisoned John Frederick II entered their own claim.

In 1572 the claimants agreed to the Division of Erfurt. This treaty said John William of Saxe-Weimar would also take the districts of Altenburg, Gotha and Meiningen.

When John William died a year later.

The older son of John Frederick II, and John Ernest (d 1638 heirless), the younger son of John Frederick II, received together the territory of Saxe-Coburg-Eisenach. In 1596 the brothers agreed to split the duchy into Saxe-Coburg and Saxe-Eisenach.

Johann II, Duke of Saxe-Weimar (or John II), died young but left eight surviving sons who ruled together, Three died, (including Bernhard of Saxe-Weimar, the youngest, the famed general) and a will ordering them to rule jointly. Only three survived by 1639, when the lands of the Coburg-Eisenach dukes were divided between the Altenburgs and the Weimarsthe remaining brothers finally divided their lands which were twice the size of what they inherited.

William kept Weimar, Albert became Duke of Eisenach and Ernest "the Pious" became known as Duke of Gotha.

Ernest I, Duke of Saxe-Gotha (1601-75) had married Elisabeth Sophie, the only child of John Philip, Duke of Altenburg(1597-1638). Elisabeth Sophie's cousin Frederick William III, Duke of Altenburg, died unmarried 1672. He was the last male descendant of the first Saxe-Altenburg line.

There was a big argument about who should get the Altenburg land. In the end most went to Ernest and Elisabeth Sophie's sons. One quarter the original Altenburglands went to the Saxe-Weimar branch.

These two lines: Weimar and Gotha(-Altenburg) form the basis of future Ernestine lines, and both have surviving male lineage up to today.

After the division of the first Altenburg lands line, the senior Ernestine branch (the Saxe-Weimar family ), line held just under half of the Ernestine lands, and the junior, Gotha-Altenburg, line held more than half. Gotha-Altenburg line divided more each generation. The Weimar line did not subdivide their land and by 1741 all of the land was controlled by the one branch of the Weimar family. In 1815 they became Grand Dukes.

Duke Ernest of Gotha and Duchess Elisabeth Sophie's numerous sons divided the inheritance into seven parts: Gotha-Altenburg, Coburg, Meiningen, Römhild, Eisenberg, Hildburghausen and Saalfeld. The new dukes of Coburg, Römhild and Eisenberg had no children, so their lands were quickly absorbed by the four remaining lines.

Eventually, primogeniture (that is, only the eldest son inherits) became the rule for inheritance in the Ernestine Duchies.

In 1825 the Ernestine duchies were

In 1825 Ernest the Pious' senior line, the Gotha-Altenburg, went extinct and the land was redistributed for the last time.

Altenburg went to the Duke of Saxe-Hildburghausen, but he gave Hildburghausen to the Duke of Saxe-Meiningen-Hildburghausen. The duke of Saxe-Coburg-Saalfeld gave up Saalfeld in return for Gotha.. All of the Ernestine Duchies ended with the abolition of the monarchy and princely states in Germany shortly after the end of World War I.

Five rulers of the Ernestine duchies 

had a vote in the Holy Roman Empire’s Reichstag. In 1792 the Duke of Saxe-Weimar was also the Duke of Saxe-Eisenach, and the Duke of Saxe-Altenburg was also the Duke of Saxe-Gotha, so both had two votes; and the Duke of Saxe-Coburg had one vote.

The other Ernestine duchies were never members of the Imperial Circle, and were subordinate to the five duchies that did belong to the Imperial Circle (for example, the principalities of Meiningen and Hildburghausen were such; that was one reason why Duke of Hildburghausen exchanged his patrimony to that of Altenburg). Ultimately, in the German Confederation, all these became equally sovereign.



Kalpa

Kalpa could mean:



Sri Maha Bodhi

The Sri Maha Bodhi is a Sacred Fig tree in Anuradhapura, Sri Lanka. The site where it's on, Sacred City of Anuradhapura, is part of the UNESCO World Heritage Sites. 

It is said to be a tree grown from a sapling from the famous Bodhi tree where the first Buddha became enlightened. It brought down by Mihindu (Mahinda) and Sanghamitta. It was planted in 288 BC. It is the oldest living human-planted tree in the world with a known planting date. 

It was planted on a high terrace about above the ground. It is surrounded by railings to protect it. It is one of the most sacred objects of the Buddhists in Sri Lanka, and respected by Buddhists all over the world. 

Its wall was built during the reign of King Kirthi Sri Rajasingha, to protect it from wild elephants which might have attacked the tree.

In the 3rd century BC, the Buddha's fig tree was brought to Sri Lanka by Sangamitta, daughter of Emperor Asoka and founder of an order of Buddhist nuns, in Sri Lanka.

In 280 BC, Jaya Siri Maha Bodhi was planted in the Mahamevnāwa Park in Anuradhapura by King Devanampiya Tissa.



List of children of presidents of the United States

This is a list of children of U.S. presidents with stepchildren, adopted children, and alleged illegitimate children included. Full names are given including middle, maiden and married names. This list also includes the children's spouses and any known children they had and a “?” for an unknown number of children.

Presidential children have been studied individually, and as a group. As individuals, they are more often notable than most individuals: they know many political and social leaders and are part of the richer, upper classes. They are more likely to be viewed as a part of celebrity culture. Also, as individuals they frequently have significant influence on other notable family members. A child who may appear otherwise non-notable may have affected the parent's beliefs or performance.

"No children together. Martha's first husband, Daniel Parke Custis (October 15, 1711 – July 8, 1757), had four children, two of whom were still living at the time of her marriage to Washington (those who did not survive were Daniel Parke Custis, Jr. [November 19, 1751 – February 19, 1754] and Frances Parke Custis [April 12, 1753 – April 1, 1757]):"

"Martha's grandchildren who were raised by the Washingtons:"




"No children together, but raised Dolley's son from her first marriage"



"No biological children together, adopted two:"
"Also guardians of eight additional children including:"






"No natural children, but raised Polk's nephew as their ward:"

"After the death of James, Sarah was guardian of:"




"No children; served as guardian to two nieces:"







































Dolores Hope

Dolores Hope (May 27, 1909 – September 19, 2011) was an American singer. She was the widow of Bob Hope.

Hope was born Dolores DeFina on May 27, 1909. She was of Italian and Irish ancestry. She was born and raised in New York City. She began her career in the 1930s.

In 1933, she met Bob Hope the first time in a Manhattan nightclub. They married in 1934. The couple adopted four children: Eleanora, Anthony, Linda and Kelly.

She and her husband entertained U.S. troops from the 1940s until the 1990s. Dolores Hope did this job over the time of a half century until the 1990s. In 1990, she was the only female entertainer who was allowed to go to Saudi Arabia.

She was often awarded for her work, for example with a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame and seven honorary Doctorates. A street was named after Dolores Hope in the Bronx.

She was with her husband as he turned 100. Shortly after, and 69 years after their marriage, Bob Hope died in summer of 2003 at age 100. On May 27, 2009, Dolores Hope celebrated her 100th birthday. She died on September 19, 2011.


Miranda

Miranda (late latin "Miranda" meaning to be admired at or "watchtower", "vantage point"). Miranda is also a family name and a female given name. It may also refer to:






Miranda (state)

Estado Miranda is one of the 23 states of Venezuela. The state capital is Los Teques.

Miranda State covers a total surface area of 7,950 km². It is the second largest state in population after Zulia Venezuela, approximately 3,028,965 (2011).

Miranda state is sub-divided into 21 municipalities. given below with their areas, populations and administrative seats:

El principal río del estado es el río Tuy. Nace a 2.100 m de altitud y recorre de 250 km. Otros ris del estado son: Guaire, Grande, Curiepe, Capaya, Guapo, Chupaquire, Panapo, Uchire, Chuspa and Aricagua.

In the state there are various gaps: Laguna de Tacarigua, Merecuere, Agua salud, El Conflicto y el Rosario.





Miranda (novel)

Miranda is a novel written by Antoni Lange in 1924. It is the last great work of Lange and his most famous book today. It is said that "Miranda" is an "occultic fiction" and a "romance ranked to a philosophical treaty". The novel is also known as a mix of dystopia and utopia. 
The novel was translated into English (in 1968), French, Spanish and Italian.

The novel's title refers to the character Miranda, from Shakespeare's play "The Tempest". "Miranda" also has been influenced by work such as: "Men Like Gods" by Herbert George Wells; "The City of the Sun" by Tommaso Campanella; "Lenore" by Edgar Allan Poe,;"Genezis z Ducha" by Juliusz Słowacki; poems by Cyprian Kamil Norwid; writings of Friedrich Nietzsche (criticism of concept of the Übermensch); Arthur Schopenhauer; Plato; and Sanskrit epics of ancient India.

The novel tells about a civilization of Brahmans who have powerful skills. They can speak with their minds, and levitate (float in the air). The Brahmans in the book think the most important things are anarchy, freedom, peace, and free love. Their country is led by the Ministry of Love, Ministry of Power and Ministry of Wisdom. The Brahmans use a strange chemical named Nivridium to keep their self-perfect idea. The story is the of a Polish emigrant named Jan Podobłoczny (Lange's own "parte-parole") falling in love with a woman named Damayanti. The book ends in a tragedy. In the last chapter of the novel, Damayanti sacrifices her body in order to let her spirit fly to a greater level of though.

Miranda is a Scottish spiritual medium, who lives in Warsaw. She can talk with the soul of Damayanti and make a woman named Lenore appear. She meets Jan Podobłoczny when he is close to his death. In the moment when Damayanti dies, Miranda disappears.

Capybara

The capybara or Greater capybara ("Hydrochoerus hydrochaeris") is a semi-aquatic rodent native South America. It weighs about a hundred pounds, and is about two feet tall at the shoulder. The capybara is the world's largest rodent. 

Capybaras are closely related to guinea pigs and to chinchillas. When they are full-grown, they weigh about 55 kg, or 100 pounds. The capybara's stocky body is about a meter, or 3 feet, long, and its shoulder is about 60 centimeters, or about two feet high off the ground. Females are usually bigger and heavier than males. Capybaras have brown or reddish-brown fur. When they are old their fur is thin, their skin can get sunburned easily. Their eyes and ears and nostrils are high on their heads, so they can easily be kept above water when the capybara is swimming. It is a giant cavy rodent living in South America. 

Capybaras live in grassy wetlands or close to rivers in many parts of South America. In the morning, evening, and at night they eat grass, mostly on land. They spend the hottest hours of the day in the water. They are good swimmers and divers. Webs between their toes help them swim. They can only hold their breath underwater for about five minutes at a time. Sometimes they hide in water for much longer, with only their noses sticking out to breathe. Many predators like to eat them. They are a favourite food for jaguars, eagles, anaconda snakes, and many other animals. 

Capybaras eat plants, mostly grass. Their babies are usually born in litters of four at one time. They can start to eat grass once they are about a week old, but they will also keep nursing from their mothers and even from other grown females until they are about four months old. They live in large groups, usually 10-30 capybaras together. Some groups have even had 100 capybaras. They talk to each other using many sounds: clicks, grunts, whistles, and barks. 

Capybaras are not endangered. Their population is stable, not increasing or decreasing very much. They can live in towns or zoos. Humans can touch them, but it is not common, as it can cause disease. Sometimes humans eat capybaras. They are hunted for meat, and sometimes they are raised on farms. Also, their tough skin is sometimes used to make high quality leather, especially for gloves. Capybaras are sometimes kept as pets. They can be kept pets in the United States, but not in some places. They are also very liked in Japan, and are kept as pets there too.

Martha Jefferson

Martha Wayles Skelton Jefferson, born Martha Wayles (October 30, 1748 – September 6, 1782) was the only wife of her second husband, Thomas Jefferson. 

She was a widow at her second wedding, as her first husband had died young. When her second husband, Jefferson, was Governor of Virginia, she served as First Lady of Virginia from 1779 to 1781.
The Jeffersons had six children together. Only two daughters survived to adulthood, and only one past the age of 25. Weakened by childbirth, Martha Jefferson died several months after the birth of her last child, twenty years before her husband became the third President of the United States. At her wishes, he never married again. 


Great Awakening

The Great Awakenings were a few periods of religious revival in United States history. The term is used sometimes to refer to events like the Protestant Reformation, as well as to identify general trends within U.S. religious culture. 

There are four generally accepted Great Awakenings in U.S. history:


Lycopene

Lycopene is the pigment of tomato. Its chemical formula is CH.

Ketchup contains high concentrations of bioavailable lycopene.

Housefly

Housefly is the common fly often found in houses. The Latin name for the housefly is "Musca domestica". This species is always found near humans. It is the most common species found on hog and poultry farms, horse stables and ranches. Not only are house flies a nuisance, but they also carry disease-causing organisms. Flies are not only an irritant to farm workers but may be a public health concern. Houseflies are pests and can carry diseases.

Each female fly can lay about 9,000 eggs in its life, in several batches of about 75 to 150. The eggs are laid on or near meat, often dead animals. Within a day, larvae (maggots) hatch from the eggs; they live and feed on dead and decaying organic material, such as garbage, carrion or faeces. They are pale-whitish, and have no legs. Their life cycle is from 14 hours to 36 hours. 

At the end of their third instar, the maggots crawl to a dry, cool place and turn into pupae. These are coloured reddish-brown and about 8 mm long. From the pupae emerge adult flies. The whole cycle is known as complete metamorphosis. 

Adults live from two weeks to a month in the wild. After they come out from the pupae, the flies do not grow. Small flies of the same species did not get enough food when they were larvae.The function of an adult fly is to reproduce.

Landfall

Landfall can mean:


Chemical engineering

Chemical engineering is a branch of engineering dealing with chemistry that came to existence in the early 20th century. Before this time, chemical plants were designed by chemists, who were trained to work on a small scale only. A chemical engineer typically works in the design and supervision of chemical manufacturing processes. Various problems in the chemical production systems of food, medicine, leather, or fuel factories are solved through it.

Chemical engineering combines the jobs of a chemist and that of industrial engineer. This makes factories more efficient and chemicals much cheaper. Chemical engineering uses physics (the science of moving objects and forces), chemistry (the science of substances), and mathematics. There are many different types of jobs for people with degrees in chemical engineering.

Some new topics in chemical engineering include:

House of Windsor

The House of Windsor is the current Royal House of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland and each of the other Commonwealth realms. It replaces the now-extinct British Branch of the House of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha.

Queen Victoria I married Prince Albert, a son of Duke Ernst I of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha. Therefore her descendants are members of the ducal family of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha. Victoria's eldest son, Edward VII and his son George V reigned as members of this house. But during World War I there was a lot of hatred of anything German. A lot of this feeling was stirred up by newspapers. People with German names were beaten up, and shops with German names had their windows broken. Even the Royal Family were accused of supporting Germany. On 17 July 1917 George V ordered the Royal Family to give up their German titles, and change German-sounding titles and house names for English-sounding versions. Prince Louis of Battenberg became Lord Louis Mountbatten. The Duke of Teck became the Marquis of Milford Haven and the name of the royal house, and the royal surname was changed to Windsor, after the town of Windsor and Windsor Castle. 

When he heard about the change of name, German Emperor William II joked that he wanted to see Shakespeare's play "The Merry Wives of Saxe-Coburg-Gotha".

In April 1952, Queen Elizabeth II said that her descendants will keep the name and House of Windsor.

On 8 February 1960, the Queen decided instead to keep the House and Family of Windsor, however for non-royal male line descendants, the surname ""Mountbatten-Windsor"" was created. Mountbatten is the surname adopted by Prince Philip before his marriage, an anglicization of his mother's family name of Battenberg.


The next in line for the throne is Prince William; if so he may be known as King William V of the United Kingdom.




Jocelyne Saab

Jocelyne Saab (30 April 1948 – 7 January 2019) was a journalist and movie director from Beirut, Lebanon.

Saab died on 7 January 2019 from endometrial cancer in Paris, aged 70.



Ulva

Ulva or the Isle of Ulva (Gaelic: Ulbha) is an island in the Inner Hebrides in Scotland. Around 16 people live there. At the beginning of the 19th century, 600 people lived there. Lachlan Macquarie who is sometimes known as the "Father of Australia", came from here.

Sugar Ray Robinson

Sugar Ray Robinson (born Walker Smith Jr., May 3, 1921 – April 12, 1989) was an American boxer. He won the welterweight and middleweight world championships. Many boxing historians rank Robinson as the best boxer who ever lived.

Robinson was born in Ailey, Georgia. He moved to Harlem, New York City when he was 12.

He had no losses as an amateur boxer. He became a professional boxer in 1940 and won the welterweight title from Johnny Bratton in 1946. He then beat Jake LaMotta (who had, up to that time, been the only man to beat him) for the middleweight championship in 1951. He lost and regained the title from Randy Turpin before trying, and failing, to beat Joey Maxim for the light heavyweight championship in 1952. He retired later that year. He made a comeback, however, and won the middleweight title again in 1955. He lost it to Gene Fullmer in 1957, but defeated him in a rematch. Later that year Carmen Basilio also beat Robinson for the title, but Robinson defeated him in 1958 to get the championship back.

Robinson continued to fight until the 1960s. He died of diabetes and Alzheimer's disease at the age of 67 in Culver City, California in 1989. 


Randolph Turpin

Randolph Adolphus ('Randy') Turpin (7 June 1928 – 17 May 1966) was an English boxer who was the middleweight champion of the world in 1951.

Turpin was born in Leamington Spa to a white British mother and black Guyanan father. He became a professional boxer in 1946. In 1951, Sugar Ray Robinson traveled to England and gave Turpin an opportunity to fight for his middleweight championship. Turpin became only the second man to defeat Robinson when he won a fifteen-round decision.

Robinson and Turpin had a rematch in September 1951 where Robinson regained the title by a tenth-round knockout. 

He stopped boxing in the mid-1960s. He lived in Leamington Spa with his wife and four daughters. On 17 May 1966 in Leamington Spa he shot one of his daughters (who survived), then shot himself dead.


Maple

Maple (Latin name "Acer" ) is a genus of trees or shrubs. Sometimes they are put into a family of their own, the Aceraceae. At other times they are included in the Sapindaceae. To include them in the Sapindaceae is the more modern classification. There are between 100 and 200 species of maples. Most species are native to Asia, but some also occur in Europe, Northern Africa, and North America. 

The word "Acer" comes from a Latin word meaning "sharp". It was given because of the characteristic sharp points on the maple leaves. The first person to talk about the genus that way was French botanist Joseph Pitton de Tournefort in 1700. The type species of the genus is "Acer pseudoplatanus" (the sycamore maple).

"<nowiki>"</nowiki>Theophrastus began the daunting task of applying specific names to plants, such as the maple, which was previously called several different names by various communities in ancient Greece<nowiki>"</nowiki>."

The maple's distinctive fruit are called samaras, and known by many children as "helicopters" by the way they spin as they fall. Inside the fruit are found their seeds, which are in pairs. Each one is enclosed in a "nutlet" attached to a flattened wing of papery tissue. They are shaped to spin as they fall and carry the seeds a considerable distance on the wind. One tree can release hundreds of thousands of seeds at a time. Some seeds can remain in the soil for several years before germinating.

Maple trees are often planted as ornamental trees in cities. Some species resist the cold rather well. Sugar maples are grown to make maple syrup. Some maples are grown for timber (wood that is used for furniture).

The flag of Canada shows a maple leaf. 

 "2. edited by Tom Jackson, BIOLOGY : an illustrated history of life science" 

Tilde Fröling

Tilde Maria Henny Märta Fröling (born May 15, 1980) is a Swedish television personality and actress. She is the daughter of actress Ewa Fröling. Fröling was born in Stockholm.

Marie Picasso

Marie Picasso (born 24 April 1979) is a Swedish reality show star, model and singer who rose to fame in 2002 when she was a housemate on Big Brother. She later got a job as a game show host on TV4 leading two different game shows. In 2007 she entered Idol 2007 where she is currently in the top 10 of the Swedish version of Pop Idol. Picasso won Pop idol on 7 December 2007 in Globen Arena in Stockholm with 51,3% of the votes and she won over the first runner up Amanda Jenssen. Her debut single is called "This Moment".


Eulipotyphla

The Eulipotyphla is an order of mammals. It was formed from those insectivorous mammals which are monophyletic, a single clade. The old order Insectivora is now abandoned because it was polyphyletic. The new order Eulipotyphla has been shown to be monophyletic.

The term insectivorous (insect eating) can still be used to describe lifestyle. It explains the food habits of this and some other groups of mammals, They are more closely related to Carnivora (cats, dogs, bears), Pholidota (pangolins), Chiroptera (bats), and Perissodactyla (equids). As part of the superorder Laurasiatheria.

Although moles and shrews are not all strictly insectivorous, insects and other small animal life make up the main food of most members of the group. Some kinds, the otter shrews of Africa and the star-nosed mole of North America, for example, feed also upon fish. The Townsend mole of the Pacific Northwest often is a nuisance to bulb growers because of its fondness for the bulbs of many kinds of plants.

Moles, as a group, are subterranean in habit. They spend most of their lives in the darkness of underground tunnels which they dig for themselves. The eyes of all moles are very small, in some species actually not opening to the outside, and of little value to them: vestigial organs. On the other hand, their senses of touch and smell are highly developed.


The following groups are now placed in other orders:

Notes

Bad Kissingen

Bad Kissingen is a city in Bavaria, Germany. About 22,421 people lived there in 2020.

It was first mentioned in 801 CE. It is a "spa town", a place where people go to rest and relax. The well that is the source of the spa was first mentioned in 823 CE.


Hostel

A hostel is a place that rents beds to travelers. They are cheaper than hotels and offer less privacy and a community experience.

Reuters

Reuters ( ) is a British news agency owned by Thomson Reuters Corporation. It employs around 2,500 journalists and 600 photojournalists in about 200 locations worldwide. Reuters is one of the largest news agencies in the world.

The agency was established in London in 1851 by the German-born Paul Reuter. It was bought by the Thomson Corporation of Canada in 2008.

Paul Reuter worked at a book-publishing firm in Berlin. He gave out radical pamphlets at the beginning of the Revolutions in 1848. In 1850, Reuter developed a news service in Aachen using homing pigeons and electric telegraphy from 1851 on.

Reuter moved to London in 1851 and established a news wire agency at the London Royal Exchange. Reuter's company covered topics like commercial news, serving banks, brokerage houses, and business firms. Reuter's company started becoming famous for reporting on important topics first many times. For example, it was the first in Europe to report Abraham Lincoln's assassination in 1865. 

In 1872, Reuter's expanded into the Far East, followed by South America in 1874. In 1878, Reuter retired as managing director. He was replaced by his eldest son, Herbert de Reuter. In 1883, Reuter's began transmitting messages electrically to London newspapers.

Reuter's son Herbert de Reuter continued as general manager until his death by suicide in 1915. The company returned to private ownership in 1916 and the company was renamed to "Reuters Limited", removing the apostrophe. In 1925, the Press Association (PA) of Great Britain became very interested in Reuters and some years later got full ownership. In 1945, Reuters was the first broadcasting company to broadcast news of Heinrich Himmler's attempts to negotiate with the western allies through Count Bernadotte, a Swedish nobleman.


Associated Press

The Associated Press (also called the AP and AP Wire) is an American non-profit news media company. It is based in New York City. The AP is a non-profit cooperative owned by the newspapers, radio and Television stations who share its news stories. Most articles are written by staff members belonging to the Newspaper Guild Union, a part of the AFL-CIO. Many news organizations that are not members pay a fee to use the stories. The AP has more than 250 local news offices in more than 100 countries. 

In 2013 the United States Department of Justice announced it had secretly obtained records of telephone calls by AP a few months before the 2012 United States presidential election. Associated Press CEO Gary Pruitt called the DOJ action: a 'massive and unprecedented intrusion' of Freedom of the Press rights, according to Fox News. Eric Holder, the United States Attorney General, claimed that he was not involved.

BBC News (TV channel)

BBC News is a free news channel, broadcast by BBC. It began on 9th November 1997 as BBC News 24 until it was rebranded to its current name on 21st April 2008. The BBC's website, bbc.co.uk, also features a section called BBC News. This section contains news articles and videos of broadcasts from the news channel.

BBC News HD was launched on 10 December 2013 alongside the sister channels CBeebies HD, CBBC HD, BBC Four HD and BBC Three HD.

Saxe-Jena

The Duchy of Saxe-Jena was one of the Ernestine duchies of the House of Wettin.

Part of the Duchy of Saxe-Weimar was given to Bernhard, the fourth son of Wilhelm, Duke of Saxe-Weimar in 1672. The second duke had no male heirs to inherit the title, so the territory was taken back by Saxe-Weimar when the second duke died in 1690. .

"Reincorporated into Saxe-Weimar"

Saxe-Weimar-Eisenach

The Duchy of Saxe-Weimar-Eisenach () was created in 1809 when the Ernestine duchies of Saxe-Weimar and Saxe-Eisenach were formally joined into one state. The two duchies had shared the same ruler since 1741, which is when the Saxe-Eisenach line had died out. It became a Grand Duchy in 1815.

In 1877, the Grand Duchy of Saxe-Weimar-Eisenach officially became the Grand Duchy of Saxony (), but this name was not often used. The Grand Duchy was abolished in 1918 with the other German monarchies, and the state joined others to form the new state of Thuringia in the Weimar Republic.

The Grand Dukes full title was Grand Duke of Saxe-Weimar-Eisenach, Landgrave in Thuringia, Margrave of Meißen, Princely Count of Henneberg, Lord of Blankenhayn, Neustadt and Tautenburg.





Alligatoridae

Alligators and Caimans make up the second largest family of the crocodilians, Alligatoridae. There are 4 genera and about 7 known species of Alligatorids. Alligatorids range in size depending on species. The Chinese alligator ("Aligator sinensis") is usually about while the American Alligator ("A. mississippiensis") is usually . The largest American alligator was long. The Black Caiman of the Amazon can reach as much as .

Alligatorids live in the southern United States, Central America, northern South America and near the Yangzee river in China. 

There are several differences between alligators and crocodiles. Alligators have shorter and wider snouts. They prefer fresh water to saltwater. Crocodiles have a gland that removes much of the salt. Alligators do not have this gland. In alligators, the fourth tooth of their lower jaw fits into a pit in the upper jaw. In crocodilians this tooth fits into a groove on the outside of the jaw. Alligators are also less aggressive than crocodilids. Usually only the largest of the species are a threat to humans.


Gaza City

Gaza (, transliterated Ġazzah), also called Gaza City, is the largest city inside Gaza and in Palestine. The city has a population of about 400,000. It is often named "Gaza City" to distinguish it from the larger Gaza.

The municipality of Gaza was established in 1893.

Grand duchy

A grand duchy is a country whose head of state is a Grand Duke or Grand Duchess.

The only grand duchy in existence today is Luxembourg. Luxembourg became a grand duchy in 1815 when the Netherlands became an independent kingdom, and King William I of the Netherlands was made Grand Duke of Luxembourg. In 1890, the two countries separated. William III of the Netherlands had no male heir, so in the Netherlands he was succeeded by Queen Wilhelmina but Luxembourg followed Salic law, which meant only a man could rule. The present Grand Duke of Luxembourg is Henri.

However there are other houses of Europe that style themselves as Grand Dukes even if not wholly recognised by the rest of society.

The independent republics of Finland and Lithuania, and the Dutch province Limburg (Duchy of Limburg) have been Grand Duchies at certain times in their history.

The title Grand Duke (Latin: "Magnus Dux", German: "Großherzog", Italian: "Gran Duca", French: "Grand-Duc", Swedish: "Storhertig", Lithuanian:"Didysis kunigaikštis", Polish: "Wielki książę", Czech: "Velkovévoda") ranks in honour below King but higher than a sovereign Duke ("Herzog") or Prince ("Fürst"). 

A Grand Duke (or Grand Duchess) is a person who rules a Grand Duchy. But in the English language "Grand Duke" can also mean a type of prince who does not rule a country, but is related to the monarch. In the Russian language "Velikiy Knjaz" are "Grand Princes", relatives of the Tsar, other princes were noblemen who ranked above a duke. English says Grand Duke instead of Grand Prince.

Between the Napoleonic Wars and World War I there were at least eight grand duchies in Europe: 

A lot of grand duchies were created in the Napoleonic era and by the Congress of Vienna and the German Confederation.


The Duchy of Warsaw(1807-1813) is sometimes called a Grand Duchy but it was not. 

Today Luxembourg is the only remaining grand duchy. However some old Grand Duchies still retain the titles granted to them usually in the Congress of Vienna.

Most reigning Grand Dukes were called "Royal Highness". Titles and styles for other members of the families were different. In Hesse-Darmstadt and in Baden, junior members were called "Grand Ducal Highness". 

The only current grand ducal family in existence, Luxembourg, styles calls its junior members "Royal Highnesses", but they were also Princes of Parma.

A Russian Grand Duke or Grand Duchess was an "Imperial Highness".


António de Oliveira Salazar

António de Oliveira Salazar, , , , (April 28, 1888 – July 27, 1970) was the Prime Minister and dictator of Portugal from 1932 to 1968. He was the President of the Republic in 1951, as interim. He started and led the Estado Novo ("New State"), the authoritarian, right-wing government that ruled Portugal from 1932 to 1974.

Salazar was born in Vimieiro, Santa Comba Dão, Portugal. His father had been a farm worker who became the farm manager for the Perestrelos family. His great grandfather had been a landowner and nobleman. He studied at the Viseu Seminary from 1900 to 1914 with the hope of becoming a priest. He changed his mind and studied Law at University of Coimbra.

Following a military revolution in 1926 which overthrew a civilian government of squabbling politicians and a country close to failure, Dr. Salazar was invited to take control of the finances of the then-failed state. Dr. Salazar was Finance Minister for 13 days, but resigned in disgust over interference by politicians and soldiers and went back to his university. He was again persuaded to take over as Finance Minister in 1928, which he did conditionally on an assurance of greater powers for himself with minimal interference from the military. Salazar continued as minister until 1932, and was widely credited with turning the fledgling economy around.

Dr Salazar was Prime Minister from 1932 until 1968.

He ruled Portugal for almost 40 years, managing to keep Portugal away from the Second World War as well as preventing a Spanish invasion by keeping friends with both sides. Salazar died in 1970. Often called a fascist by his opponents, Dr Salazar's regime was instrumental in issuing Portuguese travel documents to thousands of Jews fleeing though Europe and to Portugal a boarding point for the ultimate destination in North America. Unfortunately Dr. Salazar's contribution to this humanitarian cause was never acknowledged as this activity had to be toned down in the later years of the war. Instead, the overzealous Consul to France Aristides de Sousa Mendes is often given credit, despite the fact that it was he who recklessly endagered the operation by issuing a flood of travel documents in assembly line fashion. Tens of thousands of such documents were issued by him in the months of June and July of 1940. Salazar's cease-and-desist orders to Mendes are often highlighted. Incidently, the United States had issued similar instructions to all its missions abroad many years earlier, purportedly because of the fear that Germany would smuggle in spies amongst fleeing Jewish refugees. President Hoover ordered U.S. consuls to strictly interpret the LPC clause of the immigration law. President Franklin Roosevelt failed to push for a change in immigration laws and policy. 

A little known fact is that Salazar's Portugal was the only European nation at the time to have non-white people at all levels of administration and judiciary. Dark-skinned people termed "colonial subjects" by other contemporary colonial powers very rarely qualified for rights similar to those enjoyed by the citizens of their colonial masters. Portugal accorded its subjects full civil status. It was the only state anywhere in the western world to have non-European non-white Members of Parliament. This status, however, was not universally available to the black people of the African territories i.e. those who were not "assimilados" (which literately translates to "assimilated") which meant those Africans who had not given up their tribal customs nor reached minimum educational standards. Roughly 4% of the African populace was considered "assimilado" while the people native to the overseas colonies of Cape Verde, India, and China were considered universally "assimilados" even though in the latter two territories, people were not largely Roman Catholic nor did most speak the Portuguese language.

In the mid-sixties, Portugal and its colonies found themselves in the front line of the Cold war, with a proxy war which drained Portugal of its resources. Salazar was blamed for a war he had no control over as well as the consequent impoverishment of his country. Thousands from mainland Portugal fled into neighbouring European countries, particularly France, to avoid the military draft and the war in Africa. Most took up menial jobs and were a convinient source of low cost labour to Europe. This expatriate segment of society became increasingly empowered after a military coup overthrew the government of Salazar's successor Marcello Caetano in 1974. Many returned to Portugal to become next generation politicians.

The term "fascist regime" probably stems from an attempt by this sizable group to demonize the fallen regime and justify their flight from a country at war.

Salazar is still loved by some of the people of Portugal today, and was voted the greatest Portuguese man of all time. Apologists say that it was more as a way of showing frustration with the current political events and politicians in Portugal than actually a true devotion. A great segment of the Portuguese people though may beg to differ.

In 1945 Portugal had large colonial Empire, including Cape Verde Islands, São Tomé e Principe, Angola (including Cabinda), Portuguese Guinea, and Mozambique in Africa; Goa, Damão (including Dadra and Nagar Haveli), and Diu in India; Macau in China; and Portuguese Timor in Southeast Asia. Salazar was determined to keep control of Portugal's territories. After the war the colonies were in a mess. The Indian nationalists in Goa wanted their country to join with the new independent state of India. There strikes and protests by the local people against the Portuguese. The Indian Armed Forces invaded and took over Goa, Daman and Diu in 1961. Revolutions against the Portuguese were started in Mozambique, Angola, and Portuguese Guinea.

In 1968, Salazar suffered a major stroke, reportedly caused by falling from his chair at his summer house. President Américo Thomaz was forced to replace him with Marcelo Caetano on September 27, 1968. Salazar died in Lisbon on July 27, 1970. Tens of thousands of people went to the funeral and the Requiem Mass and watched the journey of the special train that carried his coffin to his hometown of Santa Comba Dão. He was buried next to his ancestors and the farmers of the region, in a plain ordinary grave.Decades as a "dictator" and Salazar's worldly possessions were almost the literal "shirt on his back" . He died without ever having purchased a motor car, the modest house he lived in Lisbon belonged to the State and is reported as having had two pairs of suits in his wardrobe.

Princess Nikki

Princess Nikki is a British reality television show that stars former Big Brother 7 UK house mate Nikki Grahame. It ran on Wednesday nights between 10:00 - 10:30pm on the digital and satellite television channel E4 from 6 September 2006, for a total runtime of 30 minutes. The show was devised by Endemol, the company that also devised Big Brother. It was narrated by the presenter and comedian, Alex Zane.

The format saw Grahame attempt several jobs on each show, which included various unpleasant tasks such as rubbish collecting, deep sea fishing, and waste management. The show's premise was to see whether or not she would perform the tasks given to her and keep her job for a day, or whether she would quit or be sacked due to her infamous tantrums. The concept of the show was taken from one of the tasks Nikki undertook while in the "Big Brother" house. During the task, she was assigned as Big Brother's personal assistant and had to carry out various duties, which often resulted in Nikki throwing a tantrum and refusing to comply.

The theme music for the programme has been adapted from the 1982 hit single "Hey Mickey!" by Toni Basil, with the lyrics "Hey Nikki!" used as a replacement.

Contrary to rumors, no second season is planned. Creative director Philip Edgar-Jones confirmed the series is finished in an interview with Brother's Bar.

James Van Der Beek

James William Van Der Beek, Jr. (born March 8, 1977) is an American television and movie actor. He was born in Cheshire, Connecticut. He is best known for his role as Dawson Leery in "Dawson's Creek". Was also cameo ed in the show (Inside job) as one of the protagonist "Bret"

Dawson's Creek

Dawson's Creek is an American primetime television drama which aired from January 20, 1998, to May 14, 2003, on The WB Television Network. The lead production company was Sony Pictures Television. Reruns of the show are currently seen in the US in syndication on TBS and on The N. with Katie Holmes in one of the leading roles. It is set in Massachusetts.

General Hospital

General Hospital (commonly abbreviated GH) is the longest-running ABC Daytime American soap opera broadcast on the American Broadcasting Company television network. It is also the longest-running serial produced in Hollywood (having been taped at the Prospect Avenue ABC Television Center West and Sunset-Gower Studios).

Set in the fictional city of Port Charles, New York, "General Hospital" debuted on April 1, 1963, the same day that rival network NBC launched its own medical daytime drama, "The Doctors". The show originally aired for a half-hour until the network expanded it to the unusual length of 45 minutes in 1976, and then to a full hour in 1978. The serial was created by soap writers Frank and Doris Hursley, a husband-and-wife team.

"General Hospital" is credited for starting several trends in the soap opera genre in the 1980s, most notably that of the fast-paced action-adventure plotlines that were remarkably different from the more traditional domestic and social issues that had been the sole focus of most soap operas during the previous decades. In 2003, when "GH" was celebrating its 40th anniversary, "TV Guide" named it "The Greatest Soap Opera Of All Time." In addition, "GH" was also named as one of "TIME" Magazine's "Top 100 Television Shows of All Time."

Popstars

Popstars is a reality show where a number of people audition of a spot in a new popgroup. The concept has been sold to most parts of the world.
Also solo artists has been searched for in this show, Girls Aloud are one of the most famous groups coming out from the reality show also Nicole Scherzinger from Pussycat Dolls audition for a spot on Edens Crush on American Popstars.

Nicole Scherzinger

Nicole Prascovia Elikolani Scherzinger (née Valiente; born June 29, 1978) is an American singer-songwriter, television personality, and philanthrophist. She was the lead singer of the girl group The Pussycat Dolls. Scherzinger is also known for being a judge on TV talent shows such as "The X Factor" and "The Masked Singer".

Her father is of Filipino ancestry. Her mother is of Hawaiian and Ukrainian ancestry. Her Catholic parents separated when she was a baby. At age six, she moved to Louisville, Kentucky. She took her German American stepfather's surname when he adopted her.

Scherzinger was one of the group members in Edens Crush after winning a spot from the reality show "Popstars". Scherzinger was later a member of the Pussycat Dolls. On November 16, 2007, she released her first solo album, "Killer Love". 

She was a judge on The Sing-Off in 2009 and 2010. She was a judge on "The X Factor" in the United States in 2011. She was also a judge on "The X Factor" in the United Kingdom from 2012 to 2017. Scherzinger is also a panellist on "The Masked Singer USA".

will.i.am is the executive producer of her second album.

Since 2006, Scherzinger has had an on-off relationship with Lewis Hamilton. She has had bulimia nervosa.

Girls Aloud

Girls Aloud was a British girl group created by an ITV television show named "" in 2002. The group's members were Cheryl Cole (née Tweedy), Nadine Coyle, Sarah Harding, Nicola Roberts and Kimberley Walsh. Girls Aloud have become one of the most successful British pop groups of the 2000s, with a record-breaking twenty consecutive Top 10 singles (including four number ones), six platinum albums (including two number ones) and record sales of more than 4.3 million in the UK. They have also been nominated for five BRIT Awards, winning Best Single in 2009 for The Promise. The Guinness Book of World Records list them as "the most successful reality TV group of all time". In March 2013, the group announced that they were splitting up.





Wulfila Bible

The Wulfila Bible (or Gothic Bible) is a translation of parts of the Bible into the Gothic language. It was done by a Christian Bishop, called Wulfila, in the 3rd century. It contains mainly a translation of the New Testament. The basis for the translation was a Greek version of the Bible. Up till then, the Goths had used runes to write. This was impractical, though. For this reason Wulfila also invented the Gothic alphabet. The Gothic alphabet is based on the Greek one.

Many copies of parts of the text still exist today. Most of them are from the 6th to 8th century. The Wulfila bible is the oldest written text of a Germanic language. It is very important for research. 

"þ" is pronounced like the English "th" in "the".


Plague of Athens

The Plague of Athens was an epidemic which hit the city-state of Athens in ancient Greece during the second year of the Peloponnesian War (430 BC), when an Athenian victory still seemed possible. Many historians believe that it entered Athens through Piraeus, the city's port and sole source of food and supplies. The city-state of Sparta, and much of the eastern Mediterranean, was also struck by the disease. The plague returned twice more, in 429 BC and in the winter of 427/6 BC.



Peloponnesian War

The Peloponnesian War (431–404 BC) was an Ancient Greek military conflict, fought by Athens and its allies, against the "Peloponnesian League", led by Sparta. Athens was the greatest sea power, and Sparta the greatest land power in 5th century BC Greece.

In the first phase, the Archidamian War, Sparta launched repeated invasions of Attica, while Athens took advantage of its naval supremacy to raid the coast of the Peloponnese.

This period of the war ended in 421 BC, with the signing of the Peace of Nicias. That treaty was soon undermined by renewed fighting in the Peloponnese. In 415 BC Athens dispatched a large force, led by Alcibiades, to attack Syracuse in Sicily. The attack failed, with the destruction of the entire force, in 413 BC. This made Athens vulnerable.

The final phase of the war is called the Decelean War, or the Peloponnesian War. In this phase, Sparta, now receiving support from the Achaemenid Empire, supported rebellions in Athens' subject states in the Aegean Sea and Ionia, undermining Athens' empire. Eventually, Athens lost its naval supremacy. The destruction of the Athenian fleet in a battle in 405 BC effectively ended the war, and Athens surrendered in the following year.

The Peloponnesian War reshaped the Ancient Greek world. Athens, the strongest city-state in Greece before the war started, was reduced to a state of near-complete subjection. Sparta became the leading power of Greece.

The economic costs of the war were felt all across Greece; poverty became widespread in the Peloponnese, Athens was completely devastated, and never regained its pre-war prosperity. The war also brought subtler changes to Greek society. The conflict between democratic Athens and oligarchic Sparta, each of which had friendly political factions in other states, made civil war a common occurrence in the Greek world.

Greek warfare was originally a limited and formalized form of conflict. It became an all-out struggle between city states, with atrocities on a large scale. The Peloponnese War shattered religious and cultural taboos, devastated the countryside, and destroyed whole cities. This marked the end to the fifth-century BC 'Golden age of Greece'.





429 BC

Last updated February 2


Saxe-Gotha-Altenburg

Saxe-Gotha-Altenburg () was a country in what is today Thuringia, Germany.

It was formed in 1672 when Frederick Wilhelm III, the last duke of Saxe-Altenburg died and Ernest I, Duke of Saxe-Gotha (who had married Frederick Wilhelm's cousin, Elisabeth Sophie) inherited his possessions.

The duchy was split up again after Ernest’s death in 1675, and the Duchy of Saxe-Gotha-Altenburg officially came into existence in 1680 when his eldest son, Frederick, took control of the parts of the country Gotha and Altenburg.

When the royal house of "Saxe-Gotha and Altenburg" became extinct in 1825, Saxe-Gotha was given to Saxe-Coburg-Saalfeld and Saxe-Altenburg passed to the Duke of Saxe-Hildburghausen. After the abolition of German monarchies at the end of the First World War, both Saxe-Gotha and Saxe-Altenburg became part of the newly created state of Thuringia in 1920.

Divided between Saxe-Coburg-Saalfeld and Saxe-Hildburghausen

Thucydides

Thucydides (; ; born around 460 BC, died around 400 BC) was an ancient Greek historian best remembered for his work on the Peloponnesian War. He was the son of Olorus.



Piraeus

Piraeus is a port and municipality in Athens, Attica, Greece, in the south of the center of Athens.

The population of Piraeus is 163,688 (2011).






Rhône

The Rhône is a river in France and Switzerland. It is 812 kilometers long. The river starts in Rhône Glacier, which is in Switzerland. Then, the Rhône River joints the Saône, in France (and other rivers) and ends in the Mediterranean Sea.

The River Rhône empties into the Mediterranean. Only the Nile brings more water into the Mediterranean. The river drains an area of 95.5500 m. The usual amount of water is about 1.700 m per second (at Tarrascon). During floods, this value has reached over 12.000 m per second.

This river splits into two smaller rivers before it flows into the Mediterranean Sea. The space between those rivers is named the Camargue, and many types of animals live there.

Luis Egidio Meléndez

Luis Egidio Meléndez (Naples, 1716-Madrid, 1780) was a Spanish painter. Although he received little acclaim or praise during his lifetime and died in poverty, Meléndez is recognized today as the greatest Spanish still life painter of the eighteenth century. His mastery of composition and light, and his remarkable ability to convey the volume and texture of individual objects enabled him to transform the most mundane (ordinary) of kitchen fare into powerful images.

Augustine

Augustine, Augustin, or Augustini can mean:

Augustin may also be:


Saxe-Hildburghausen

Saxe-Hildburghausen was one of the Ernestine duchies of the House of Wettin.

Although it was very small, Saxe-Hildburghausen was an independent duchy from 1680 to 1826. In 1684 the duchy changed its capital from Heldburg to Hildburghausen, and changed its name to Saxe-Hildburghausen.

In 1810, a Princess Therese of Saxe-Hildburghausen married Crown Prince Ludwig of Bavaria, who became king of Bavaria 15 years later. The marriage is the reason for the Oktoberfest, held annually in Munich.

In 1826, the Ernestine duchies were reorganised after the last ruler of Saxe-Gotha-Altenburg died without an heir. The duke of Saxe-Hildburghausen gave up his duchy in return for becoming Duke of Saxe-Altenburg. Hildburghausen was given to Saxe-Meiningen. Hildburghausen was not one of the duchies in the Imperial circle, Altenburg was, so by swapping his land the duke gained in social rank, even though the Holy Roman Empire no longer existed

In 1868, four districts were established in the duchy of Saxe-Meiningen. Hildburghausen was one of these districts, with boundaries very similar to those of the former duchy. It remained almost unchanged until 1993, when the former district of Suhl was dissolved and most of its municipalities joined the district.

Incorporated into Saxe-Meiningen

Augustine of Hippo

Augustine of Hippo (; ; 13 November 354 – 28 August 430), also known as Saint Augustine, was a Christian philosopher and theologian.

Augustine was born in the year 354. His mother is believed to have been of Berber origin.

After growing up, he began to learn and write a lot about Christianity, and became a bishop in Hippo Regius, which was in modern-day Annaba, Algeria. He was highly influenced by archbishop Ambrose. Later in life, Augustine moved to Italy, and over the next years his religious ideology grew stronger, and he became a teacher.

Books:

Letters:




House of Wettin

The House of Wettin was a dynasty of German counts, dukes, prince-electors (Kurfürsten) and kings that ruled in what is known today as the German states of Saxony and Thuringia for more than 800 years. Members of the Wettin family were also kings of Poland, as well as forming the ruling houses of Great Britain, Portugal, Bulgaria, Poland, Saxony, and Belgium. Today only the British and Belgian lines still rule their countries, but the last Tsar of Bulgaria, Simeon II, was Prime Minister of Bulgaria between 2001 and 2005. Simeon Saxe-Coburg-Gotha is the only ex-king who has ever returned to his country as an elected leader.

The oldest known member of the House of Wettin was Thiedericus (died 982). Around 1000, as part of the German conquest of Slavic territory, the family got Wettin Castle and changed their name. It was usual for noblemen to change their name to the name of their territory. Wettin Castle is located in Wettin, Saxony-Anhalt in the Hosgau on the Saale River. 

The House split into two main branches, the Ernestine and the Albertine. The descendants of Ernest often subdivided their land and ended up with a lot of small duchies, but one (Saxe-Coburg and Gotha) became very important. Ernest's younger brother was Albert. His descendants became Electors of Saxony, and in 1806, Kings of Saxony

Descendants of the Dukes of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha have become:
and also husbands of the queens of 

The wife of the Emperor of Mexico (Carlota of Mexico) was also a member of the house of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha. As such, the British, Portuguese, and for a time, Mexican, thrones became a possession of persons who belonged to the House of Wettin. 

During World War I the British Royal Family changed the name as well as their personal surnames to "Windsor" by an Order-in-Council of King George V. The Kings of Belgiums now do not use the Saxe-Coburg and Gotha name, but have never officially changed it.




Durham, England

Durham is a city in the North East of England. It is within the County Durham local government district, and is the county town of the larger ceremonial county. It lies to the south of Newcastle upon Tyne, Chester-le-Street and Sunderland and to the north of Darlington.

Durham is well known for its Norman Cathedral and 11th-century castle, and is home to Durham University. HM Prison Durham is also close to the city centre. Durham Castle and Cathedral is a UNESCO World Heritage Site.

Archeological evidence shows settlement in the area since 2000 BC. The present city can clearly be traced back to AD 995, when a group of monks from Lindisfarne chose to settle there with the body of Saint Cuthbert, which had previously lain in Chester-le-Street.

Before the Reformation the shrine of Saint Cuthbert, behind the High Altar of Durham Cathedral, was the most important religious site in England until the martyrdom of St. Thomas Becket at Canterbury.

Despite a brief translation back to Holy Island during the Norman Invasion the saint's relics remain enshrined to the present day. Saint Bede's bones are also entombed in the cathedral, drawing the mediaeval pilgrim to the city.

Durham’s geographical position has always given it an important position in the defence of England against the Scots. The city has played an important part in the defence of the north and Durham Castle is the only Norman castle keep never to have suffered a breach. The Battle of Neville's Cross which took place near the city on 17 October 1346 between the English and Scots was the most famous battle of its age.

The city suffered from a number of plague outbreaks in 1544, 1589 and 1598.

As the north east was so far from Westminster the bishops of Durham enjoyed extraordinary powers. They had the ability to hold their own parliament, raise their own armies, appoint their own sheriffs and Justices, administer their own laws, levy taxes and customs duties, create fairs and markets, issue charters, salvage shipwrecks, collect revenue from mines, administer the forests and mint their own coins.

Basically, William the Conqueror delegated many powers to bishops in the furthest reaches of England. They were his men, and most had fought at the Battle of Hastings. This style of delegation ran for many centuries afterwards. This applied especially in the north and west of England, which were several days ride from London.

So far reaching were the bishop’s powers that the steward of Bishop Anthony Bek commented in 1299 AD: 
All this activity was administered from the castle and buildings surrounding the Palace Green.

Every Bishop of Durham from 1071 to 1836 was a Prince Bishop except for the first Norman-appointed Bishop Walcher who was styled an Earl-Bishop. The last Prince Bishop of Durham Bishop William Van Mildert founded Durham University. Henry VIII cut some of the Prince-Bishop's powers and, in 1538, ordered the destruction of the shrine of Saint Cuthbert.

The Prince Bishops also had their own court system, most notably the Durham Court of Chancery. The county also had its own attorney general, whose authority to bring an indictment for criminal matters was tested by central government in the infamous case of "Rex" v. "Mary Ann Cotton" (1832). The courts and judicial posts for the county were finally abolished in 1873.

The Council is made up of 50 councillors elected every four years (last elections 2007). In 2007, the council was made of Liberal Democrat (30), Labour (17), and Independent (3) members.

Liberal Democrats first took control of the council in the 2003 elections. Labour had held overall control of the City Council continually since the early 1980s.


Angelic Upstarts

The Angelic Upstarts are an anti-fascist Oi! punk rock band who started in South Shields, North-East England in 1977.


Anti-fascism

Anti-fascism is the opposition to fascist ideologies, organizations, governments and people. Anti-fascism started in Europe in the 1920s. At the same time, fascist political parties were getting popular in Europe. Anti-fascism was most popular during and after World War II, when fascist governments were very powerful in Europe. Many different kinds of political parties have believed in anti-fascism. Some of these parties have been Marxist, nationalist, anarchist, socialist, pacifist, social democratic, conservative, and liberal. 


History of the Peloponnesian War

The History of the Peloponnesian War tells the story of the Peloponnesian War in Ancient Greece. It was written by Thucydides, an Athenian general who served in that war. The war was fought between the "Peloponnesian League" (led by Sparta) and the "Athenian league" (led by Athens). The war lasted more than 20 years.

Many historians regard this "History" of Thucydides as one of the earliest scholarly works of history.

Thucydides' "History" made a number of contributions to early historiography. Many of his principles have become standard methods of history writing today, though others have not.

One of Thucydides' major innovations was to use a strict standard of chronology, recording events by year, each year consisting of the summer campaigning season and a less active winter season. As a result, events that span several years are divided up and described in parts of the book that are sometimes quite distant from one another, causing the impression that he is oscillating between the various theatres of conflict. This method contrasts sharply with Herodotus' earlier work "The Histories", which jumps around chronologically.

Another feature of the work is that Thucydides writes dozens of speeches of the most important figures who were engaged in the war. Thucydides heard some of these speeches himself but some of the speeches he wrote without knowing exactly what was really spoken.

Thucydides wanted his writings "to last for ever" (1.22.4). Therefore he tried to be as neutral as possible though as a general of Athens that was difficult for him.

The gods play no active role in Thucydides' work. This is very different to Herodotus, who frequently mentions the role of the gods. Instead, Thucydides regards history as being caused by the choices and actions of human beings.

The "History" concentrates on the military aspects of the Peloponnesian War, but it uses these events as a medium to suggest several other themes as well, for instance to show degenerative effects of war on humanity itself. 
For the most part, the "History" does not discuss topics such as the art and architecture of Greece, but speaks of the development of military technologies
rather often. 
The "History" explains that the cause of the Peloponnesian War was the "growth in power of Athens, and the alarm which this inspired in Sparta" (1.23.6). The Spartans represent a more traditional and less expansive power.

Thucydides almost never names his informants. This is in contrast to Herodotus, who frequently mentions multiple versions of his stories and allows the reader to decide which is true.

Thucydides' "History" has been enormously influential in both ancient and modern historiography.





Historiography

Historiography is about the writing of history and the use of historical methods. Thus it looks at authors, sources, interpretation, style, bias, and audience. It is sometimes called "the history of history". The word historiography can also refer to a body of historical work.

For thousands of years people have been telling stories about the past, and making written records of the actions of kings and prophets and other famous persons. After 500 BC, they began writing more organized histories.

Written history appeared first with the ancient Greeks, whose historians greatly contributed to the development of historical methodology. The very first historical works were "The Histories" composed by Herodotus of Halicarnassus (484 BC–ca.425 BC), who became later known as the 'father of history' (Cicero). 
Thucydides was the first to distinguish between cause and immediate origins of an event, and his successor Xenophon (ca. 431–355 BC) introduced autobiographical elements and character studies in his Anabasis.

The Romans adopted the Greek tradition, becoming the first people to write history in a non-Greek language. The most famous writers are Julius Caesar's (100 BC–44 BC) "Bellum Gallicum".
Livy (59 BC–AD 17) who records the rise of Rome from city-state to world dominion.
Plutarch (c. 46 - 127) and Suetonius (c. 69-after 130) introduced biography as a branch of history. Tacitus (c. 56–c. 117) criticizes Roman immorality by praising German virtues.

Writing history was popular among Christian monks and clergy in the Middle Ages. They wrote about the history of Jesus Christ, the Church and of their patrons, the dynastic history of the local rulers. In the Early Middles Ages historical writing often took the form of annals or chronicles recording events year by year but this style tended to hampered the analysis of events and causes. An example of this type of writing are Anglo-Saxon Chronicles which were the work of several different writers and start during the reign of Alfred the Great in the late 9th century and one copy of which was still being updated in 1154.

History was written about states or nations during the Renaissance. The study of history changed during the Enlightenment and Romanticism. Voltaire described the history of certain ages that were important according to him, instead of describing events in a chronological order. History became an independent discipline. It was not called "philosophia historiae" anymore, but merely history ("historia").

Modern historiography began with Leopold Ranke in the 19th century, who was very critical on the sources used in history. 
The French Annales School radically changed history during the 20th century. Fernand Braudel wanted history to become more scientific by demanding more mathematical evidence in history, in order to make the history discipline less subjective. Furthermore, he added a social-economic and geographic framework to answer historical questions. Other French historians, like Philippe Ariès and Michel Foucault described history of daily life topics such as death and sexuality. They wanted history to be written about all topics and that all questions should be asked.

Historical journals for academic historians to exchange ideas started in the nineteenth century. The early journals were similar to the academic journals used in the physical sciences, and were seen as a means by which history could be professionalised. Journals also helped historians to establish various historiographical approaches, the most notable example of which was "Annales. Économies. Sociétés. Civilisations." a publication instrumental in establishing the Annales School.
The question of how a historian approaches historical events is one of the most important questions within historiography. It is commonly recognised by historians that, in themselves, individual historical facts are not particularly meaningful. Such facts will only become useful when assembled with other historical evidence, and the process of assembling this evidence is understood as a particular historiographical approach.

Some of the more common historigraphical approaches are:


Determinism means that historians view history as being caused more by certain factors than by other factors. The two most common types of determinism are geographic determinism and economic determinism. Geographic determinism means that historians think history is mostly caused by geography. Frederick Jackson Turner was a proponent of geographic determinism. Economic determinism means that historians think history is mostly caused by economics. Charles Beard was a proponent of economic determinism. Other historians believe that history is caused mostly by politics or mostly by a struggle for natural rights, but these are usually not labeled as determinism.







Historical method

The historical method are the techniques and guidelines by which historians use primary sources and other evidence to research and then to write history.

Following Garraghan (in: "A Guide to Historical Method", 168) puts six questions that should be answered as minimal standard for a sound historical method:





Primary source

A primary source is an original document or other material that has not been changed in any way. It is a reliable first-hand account usually written at or near the time the event(s) occurred. Usually it was produced by someone with direct personal knowledge of the events that are described. It is used as an original source of information about the topic. Primary sources are distinguished from secondary sources. Secondary sources are documents based on primary sources. Thus, a memoir of a participant in an event is a primary source, whilst a history of that event based on several memoirs is a secondary source. Different kinds of work have slightly different definitions of a primary source. In journalism, for example, a primary source can also be a person.




Source

Source could mean:









Secondary source

A secondary source is a document or recording that writes or speaks about information that is one step removed from the original source. 

The secondary source depends on the "primary source" or "original source" of the information. Secondary sources interpret, evaluate or discuss information found in primary sources. In historiography, a secondary source is a study written by a scholar about a topic. Secondary sources frequently cite primary sources and other secondary sources. They rarely cite tertiary sources.

A secondary source would be a book on 13th century politics, while the Magna Carta itself would be a primary source.
Many secondary sources use extensive citations in the form of footnotes or endnotes.

The main use of secondary sources in law is to explain the law. They also explain legal concepts. They are used to analyze and describe laws as well as comment on them. Judicial decisions and opinions by qualified experts are secondary sources.



Breinigerberg

Breinigerberg is a small village in the West of Germany, the state of North Rhine-Westphalia About 972 people live at the place. It is close to the "Naturpark Nordeifel", a large forest area in Germany, Belgium and the Netherlands.

The road L12 passes through Breinigerberg splitting it into two parts. 

In the last two centuries, Breinigerberg was famous for mining. Even the ancient Romans dug for ore in the area. It was used for the production of brass in the city of Stolberg. Today there is no more mining but the remains are still present. Big holes in the Schlangenberg area prove what had been left from the past. Today the Schlangenberg is a natural reserve protecting rare flowers and insects.


Document

A document ("noun") is a piece of information that is used to communicate something. Mostly it is a paper that contains information in the form of ink marks, but nowadays documents can be digital as well. 

To document ("verb") means to produce an object by collecting and representing information.


When one views a document, they can see the connotations and denotations that appear in a search for document. From these usages, readers can infer one or more of the following typical contexts:


Technology to manage documents has developed with documents themselves. They include practices for preserving, archiving, destroying, and managing documents. These together are called the "document life cycle"












Object

Object could mean:


Computing

Popular culture

International Standard Book Number

The International Standard Book Number, ISBN, is a unique commercial book identifier barcode. The ISBN system was created in the United Kingdom, in 1966, by the booksellers and stationers W.H. Smith.

Originally, it was the 9-digit Standard Book Numbering (SBN) code and still was used in 1974; it was adopted as the international standard ISO 2108 in 1970. A similar, numeric identification, the International Standard Serial Number (ISSN), identifies periodical publications such as magazines. Since January 1, 2007, ISBNs are of 13 digits, like in Bookland EAN-13. The TC 46/SC 9 is responsible for the standard.

An ISBN is given to each edition and variation (except reprintings) of a book. The ISBN is 13 digits long if assigned after January 1, 2007, and 10 digits long if assigned before 2007. An International Standard Book Number consists of 4 or 5 parts:


The ISBN parts may be of different lengths, and usually are separated with hyphens or spaces.

The group identifier code (GIC) number is 0 or 1 for English-speaking countries; 2 for French-speaking countries; 3 for German-speaking countries; 4 for Japanese; 5 for Russian, et cetera. The original standard book number (SBN) had no group identifier, but affixing a zero (0) as prefix to a 9-digit SBN creates a valid 10-digit ISBN. The group identifier may be up to 5 digits long; e.g. 99936 is a group identifier for the country Bhutan.

The national ISBN agency assigns the publisher number (cf. the category: ISBN agencies); the publisher selects the item number. Generally, a book publisher is not required to assign an ISBN, nor for a book to display its number (except in China; see below), however, most book stores only handle ISBN bearing merchandise.

A listing of all the 628,000 assigned publisher codes is published, and can be ordered in book form, but, as of 2007, it costs US$300. The web site of the international ISBN agency does not offer any free method of looking up publisher codes.





Index

An index is a system used to make finding information easier.

Index could also mean:


In publications:

In computers and information retrieval:

Other:

Recording

Recording means to capture data to store it on a storage medium or record as a video format.

Historical records of events have been made for thousands of years. Amongst the earliest are cave painting, runic alphabets and ideograms. Technology continues to provide and expand means for human beings to record their thoughts, feelings and experiences.


Pedro Santana, Dominican Republic

Pedro Santana is a municipality in the Dominican Republic, in the Elías Piña Province, on the border with Haiti, along the left side of the Artibonite river.

The town, and municipality, was named after "Pedro Santana", a general of the Independence wars and first president of the Dominican Republic. He was born in Hincha, now a Haitian city ("Hinche") near the border.

The municipality had, in 2010, a total population of 3,917: 2,120 men and 1,797 women. The urban population was of the total population.

The old small town of "Los Cercadillos" was elevated, with the present name, to the category of municipal district of Bánica on 16 September 1942 and to the category of municipality by the Law 3208 of 3 March 1952.

Pedro Santana has an area of and is at to the north of Bánica and at to the north of Comendador.

The limits of the municipality are the Dajabón province to the northwest, the Santiago Rodríguez province to the northeast, the San Juan province to the east, the municipality of Bánica to the south and Haiti to the west.

The municipality of Pedro Santana has only one municipal district; this is:

The main economic activity of the municipality is farming.

Visual system

The visual system is the part of the nervous system which allows organisms to see.
It interprets the information from visible light to build a representation of the world surrounding the body. The visual system has the complex task of (re)constructing a three dimensional world from a two dimensional projection of that world. The psychological manifestation of visual information is known as visual perception.

This article mostly describes the visual system of mammals, although other "higher" animals have similar visual systems. In this case, the visual system consists of:


Different species are able to see different parts of the light spectrum; for example, bees can see into the ultraviolet, while pit vipers can accurately target prey with their infrared imaging sensors.



Microform

Microform is a name given to special photographic films. Microforms contain reduced images of documents. Usually, documents stored on microform are reduced about 25 times. Microform is mainly used for archival purposes.

There are three common formats:

Properly stored (room temperature, 50% humidity), microform should be able to last up to 500 years. 

Analog signal

An analog or analogue signal is any continuous signal. 

The difference from a digital signal is that also very small fluctuations in the signal are meaningful. When one speaks of analog one often means an electrical context, however mechanical, pneumatic, hydraulic, and other systems may also convey analog signals.

An analog signal uses some property of the medium to convey the signal's information. 
Any information may be conveyed by an analog signal, often such a signal is a measured change in physical phenomena, such as sound, light, temperature, position, or pressure.

For example, in sound recording, changes in air pressure (that is to say, sound) strike the diaphragm of a microphone which causes related changes in a voltage or the current in an electric circuit. The voltage or the current is said to be an "analog" of the sound.

See digital for a discussion of "digital vs. analog".

Microphone

A microphone, sometimes referred to as a mike or mic (both IPA pronunciation: ), converts sound into an electrical signal.

Microphones are used in many applications such as telephones, tape recorders, hearing aids, motion picture production, live and recorded audio engineering, in radio and television broadcasting and in computers for recording voice.

Sound passes through the air in waves, and as was said above, the microphone turns the sound wave into an electrical wave. Different kinds of microphones will turn the sound waves into electricity in different ways.


A pop filter (or pop shield) is often used in recording studios. It is an electronic filter that reduces or eliminates 'popping' sounds caused by fast moving air (such as air from the mouth).

The first microphones were invented as telephone transmitters. They included liquid and dynamic designs. Carbon transmitters were later used in this and other applications.



Digital signal

Digital signal can mean two different things: 

Digital signals are digital representations of "discrete-time signals", which are often produced by changing an analog signal.

An analog signal is a datum that changes over time (for instance the temperature at a given place; the depth of a certain point in a pond; or the amplitude of the voltage at some node in a circuit). A discrete-time signal is a sampled version of an analog signal: the value of the datum is noted at fixed intervals (for example, every microsecond) rather than continuously.

In short, a digital signal is a quantized discrete-time signal; a discrete-time signal is a sampled analog signal.

In the digital revolution the usage of digital signals has increased significantly.
Many modern media devices, especially the ones that connect with computers use digital signals to represent signals that were traditionally represented as analog signals; cell phones, music and video players, personal video recorders, and digital cameras are examples.

In most applications, digital signals are represented as binary numbers, so their precision of quantization is measured in bits.

In computer architecture and other digital systems, a waveform that switches between two voltage levels representing the two states of a Boolean value (0 and 1) is referred to as a digital signal.

The clock signal is a special digital signal that is used to synchronize digital circuits.
The image shown can be considered the waveform of a clock signal.
Logic changes are triggered either by the rising edge or the falling edge.

Pneumatics

Pneumatics is the use of compressed air for mechanical motion. It has many uses. 

Pneumatic transfer systems are employed in many industries to move powders and devices. Pneumatic devices are also used where electric motors cannot be used for safety reasons, such as deep in a mine where explosive dust or gases may be present.

electricity

Both pneumatics and hydraulics are applications of fluid power. Pneumatics uses air, which is compressible, while hydraulics uses relatively incompressible liquid media such as oil or water. 







Duchy of Saxe-Gotha

Saxe-Gotha () was a state in today's Thuringia, Germany.

It was created in 1640 for Duke Ernest I and ended in 1680 when his lands were divided after his death in 1675. The area around Gotha passed to Ernest's eldest surviving son, Frederick of Saxe-Gotha-Altenburg, who also inherited Altenburg (which Ernest had inherited through his wife Elisabeth Sophie) and became Duke of Saxe-Gotha-Altenburg.


When the house of Saxe-Gotha and Altenburg became extinct in 1825, Saxe-Gotha-Altenburg was split. Saxe-Gotha passed to the Duke of Saxe-Coburg-Saalfeld who in turn gave Saalfeld to Saxe-Meiningen. The Duke of Saxe-Hildburghausen became Duke of Saxe-Altenburg, and gave Saxe-Hildburghausen to Saxe-Meiningen.

After the abolition of German monarchies at the end of the First World War it became a part of the newly created state of Thuringia in 1920.


Seafloor spreading

Seafloor spreading happens at the bottom of an ocean as tectonic plates move apart. The seafloor moves and carries continents with it. At ridges in the middle of oceans, new oceanic crust is created. The motivating force for seafloor spreading ridges is tectonic plate pull rather than magma pressure, although there is typically significant magma activity at spreading ridges. 
At the Mid-Atlantic Ridge (and other places), material from the upper mantle rises through the faults between oceanic plates. It forms new crust as the plates move away from each other. The new crust then slowly moves away from the ridge. It is a place of earthquakes and volcanoes. Seafloor spreading helps explain continental drift in plate tectonics. At oceanic trenches, seafloor crust slides down and under continental crust.

Earlier theories (e.g. by Alfred Wegener) of continental drift were that continents 'plowed' through the ocean. The modern idea is that the ocean floor itself moves and carries the continents with it as it expands from a mid-ocean ridge. Today, it is accepted. The phenomenon is caused by convection in the weak upper mantle, or asthenosphere.

Additionally spreading rates determine if the ridge is a fast, intermediate, or slow. As a general rule, fast ridges see spreading rate of more than 9 cm/year. Intermediate ridges have a spreading rate of 4-9 cm/year while slow spreading ridges have a rate less than 4 cm/year. 

A mid-ocean ridge is an underwater mountain system. This consists of mountain chains, with a rift valley running along its spine, formed by plate tectonics. A mid-ocean ridge marks the boundary between two tectonic plates which are moving apart. A mid ocean ridge is made by a divergent boundary.

The mid-ocean ridges of the world are connected and form a single global mid-oceanic ridge system that is part of every ocean. The mid-oceanic ridge system is the longest mountain range in the world. The continuous mountain range is long. It is several times longer than the Andes, the longest continental mountain range. The total length of the oceanic ridge system is long.

Mid-ocean ridges are geologically active, with new magma constantly emerging onto the ocean floor and into the crust at and near rifts along the ridge axes. The crystallized magma forms new crust of basalt and gabbro.

The rocks making up the crust below the seafloor are youngest at the axis of the ridge and age with increasing distance from that axis. New magma of basalt composition emerges at and near the axis because of decompression melting in the underlying Earth's mantle.

The oceanic crust is made up of rocks much younger than the Earth itself: oceanic crust in the ocean basins is everywhere less than 200 million years old. The crust is in a constant state of 'renewal' at the ocean ridges. Moving away from the mid-ocean ridge, ocean depth progressively increases; the greatest depths are in ocean trenches. As the oceanic crust moves away from the ridge axis, the peridotite in the underlying mantle cools and becomes more rigid. The crust and the relatively rigid peridotite below it make up the oceanic lithosphere. 

Slow spreading ridges like the Mid-Atlantic Ridge have large, wide rift valleys, sometimes as big as 10-20 km wide and very rugged terrain at the ridge crest. By contrast, fast spreading ridges like the East Pacific Rise are narrow, sharp incisions surrounded by generally flat topography that slopes away from the ridge over many hundreds of miles.

Comendador, Dominican Republic

The Dominican city of Comendador is the head municipality of the Elías Piña province, on the border with Haiti.

The municipality had, in 2010, a total population of 19,344: 9,675 men and 9,669 women. The urban population was of the total population.

The city was founded in 1868, and named after Nicolás de Ovando, the "Comendador of Lares" ("Comendador" was the chief of a military or religious order). It was founded where there was a military post close to the border with Haiti. The Taíno name of the region was "Duan".

There was several fights between Haitian and Dominican soldiers during the Dominican-Haitian War after 1844. The most important fight was the "La Estrelleta Battle" in a savanna near Comendador.

The old military post was made a "Cantón" (now called Municipal District) of the Azua province in 1907. The next year, in 1908, it was elevated to the category of municipality of the same province.

Its name was changed to Villa Elías Piña on 29 November 1930. In 1972, its name was changed back to Comendador..

Comendador is at to the west of Santo Domingo and of San Juan de la Maguana. The limits of the municipality are the municipality of Bánica to the north, the San Juan province to the east, the municipality of El Llano to the south and Haiti to the west.

The average daily temperature in the city is and the average rainfall for the year is .

The municipality of Comendador has two municipal districts; these are:

The main economic activity of the municipality is agriculture. Commerce with Haiti is also an important economic activity in the city.

Emily Greene Balch

Emily Greene Balch (1867-1961) shared the Nobel Peace Prize in 1946 with John Raleigh Mott (1865-1955). Both laureates were American.

Chiara Zanni

Chiara Zanni (born July 19, 1978 in Vancouver, British Columbia) is a Canadian actress and voice actress. She is known for her role as "Amy" in The N's television series "About a Girl".

Raised in Vancouver, Chiara started her career at the age of 8, when won a talent contest called "Search for a Star". She was cast as the "Pokey Little Puppy" in a cartoon called "Little Golden Book Land" and has not stopped working since. Chiara has acted in the feature movies "X-Men: X2", "40 Days and 40 Nights", "Almost America", "In the Land of Women", and "Good Luck Chuck". 

Her TV appearances include "Supernatural", "Stargate Atlantis", "Edgemont", "Trophy Wife", "Bye Bye Birdie", "First to Die", and "Post Mortem". She has also done voice acting, including roles in "Hamtaro", "Trollz", "My Little Pony", "Polly Pockets", "Barbie Fairytopia", "X-Men Evolution", "Sabrina", "Bionicle", "Inuyasha", and "Storm Hawks". 





Antoni Lange

Antoni Lange (1861 or 1863 – March 17, 1929), was a Polish poet, translator and mystic philosopher of the Symbolism and Parnassianism movements. He was regarded as a "great master of reflective poetry". He spoke 15 languages. His pen-names were Antoni Wrzesień and Napierski. Although Lange was not a particularly famed author, many people call him "a magican of lyrical form" because of his unquestionable mastery in using rare poetic forms and innovations which makes him a pioneer of modern "collage" and even imagism movement.

As a religious thinker Lange was one of the first to make people interested in Indian philosophy and literature in Poland. His existential reflection of "universal pain" ("wszechcierpienie") unites Christian mysticism with traditions of Buddhism.

Lange was also an uncle of the poet Bolesław Leśmian.

He was born in 1861 or 1863 into a patriotic Jewish family who were heavily influenced by the messianic ideals of Romantic Polish poets, especially Adam Mickiewicz. In 1830, his father Henri Lange took part in the November Uprising.

"Lange's own poems did not win him recognition, and the last phase of his life was poisoned by feelings of bitterness". He never married and had no children.

<poem>Eternal solitaries - human souls,
Solitaries blown astray;
Each wanders through the Milky Way,
Each in her finite circle rolls.

Like wandering planets they gaze
At one another in the sky's blue halls;
Each in her finite circle rolls,
But never from her orbit sways.</poem>





Curie (unit)

The curie (symbol Ci) is a unit of measurement. It measures radioactivity. It is defined as

This is roughly the activity of 1 gram of the radium isotope Ra. Radium was studied by the pioneers of radiology, Marie and Pierre Curie so the unit is named after them. The curie has since been replaced by an SI derived unit, the becquerel (Bq), which is decay per second. Therefore:

and

In 1962, the International Commission on Radiological Units suggested the usage of this unit named after Marie Curie.

Curie

The Curies were a family of distinguished scientists:


Things and ideas named after the Curies:


CURIE:


Fjord

A fjord or fiord is a type of gulf. Fjords are narrow with steep sides, and are created by large masses of snow moving over land. They can be found in Norway, Sweden, Denmark, Canada, Germany, and New Zealand. In Germany, fiords are called "Förde".

Most cities near fiords are sea ports. Some cities near fjords are listed below:


Raccoon

The raccoon ("Procyon lotor", common raccoon,) is a mammal. Raccoons are curious, clever, and solitary. They are originally from North America. They have spread through Central America, and live in various habitats. They have escaped in some parts of Eurasia (see map), and now live there as well. Raccoons are in the family Caniformia, and are related to the mustelids.

The raccoon has short legs, a pointed nose, small ears, grayish-brown fur, and a bushy tail.

The raccoon's most distinctive features are its multi-purpose front paws, its facial 'mask', and its striped tail. Moreover, raccoons are noted for their intelligence. Studies show they are able to remember the solution to tasks for up to three years. Raccoons are usually nocturnal. Their food is about 40% invertebrates, 33% plant foods, and 27% vertebrates. Raccoons are omnivores. They feed on mice, squirrels, rabbits, birds, fish, frogs, turtles, lizards, snakes, eggs, insects, worms, fruit, and nuts. Their predators are red foxes, wolves, coyotes, bears, eagles, hawks, owls, cougars, and lynxes.

Most raccoons live in the wild. Being around humans does not bother them. They often nest in empty buildings, garages, sheds, and even the attics of houses. Raccoons do not hibernate in the winter. Those that live further north where it is colder, grow thick coats to keep them warm and spend long periods sleeping. Raccoons that live in captivity can survive up to 20 years. In the wild, they usually live only 1–3 years.

Two other species of raccoon, the crab-eating raccoon ("P. cancrivorus") and the Cozumel Island raccoon ("P. pygmaeus"), are extremely similar to the common raccoon. The crab-eating raccoon is quite widespread in eastern South America.

After a gestation period (pregnancy) of about 65 days, two to five young are born in spring. Newborn raccoons are called "kits".


Eliza Dushku

Eliza Patricia Dushku (born December 30, 1980) is an American television and movie actress. She has appeared in several Hollywood movies such as "True Lies", "The New Guy", "Bring It On", and "Wrong Turn". She is also well known for her acting on television, such as her role on "Buffy the Vampire Slayer" and "Angel" as Faith. She was also the main character in the series "Tru Calling".

Dushku was born in Watertown, Massachusetts. Dushku's father is Albanian-American and her mother has Danish ancestry. She was raised a Mormon, the faith of her mother but she is not actively practicing. She has three older brothers, Aaron, Benjamin (Ben) (born February 5, 1976), and Nathan (Nate) (born June 8, 1977, in Boston, Massachusetts), the last of whom is also an actor and a model. Her parents divorced when she was still an infant.

Dushku started acting when she was 10. She was chosen for the lead role of Alice, opposite Juliette Lewis in the movie "That Night". In 1993, Dushku got the role as Pearl in "This Boy's Life", alongside Robert De Niro and Leonardo DiCaprio. The following year, she played the teenage daughter of Arnold Schwarzenegger and Jamie Lee Curtis in "True Lies". She also had parts as Paul Reiser's daughter in "Bye Bye, Love", as Cindy Johnson with Halle Berry and Jim Belushi in "Race the Sun", as well as roles in a television movie and a short movie.

Dushku took some time off from acting to finish her last two years of high school. She was accepted to the George Washington University in Washington, DC and Suffolk University in Boston, where her mother was professor of government and had been the dean of the campus in Dakar, Senegal.

After high school, Dushku returned to acting with the role of Faith, a Slayer much more troubled than the main character Buffy. At first, her character was only going to be used for five episodes but became so popular that Joss Whedon decided to use her for more of the story. She stayed on for the rest of the third season and returned for a two-part appearance in season four. She was then used as part of the first season of the "Buffy" spinoff series "Angel". Faith returned as a heroine in several other episodes of "Angel" and in the last five episodes of "Buffy".

In 2000, Dushku starred in "Soul Survivors" with her "Race The Sun" co-star Casey Affleck. She followed that up with the cheerleader comedy "Bring It On" with Kirsten Dunst. She was very busy in 2001: shooting "The New Guy" in Texas and having to travel up to New York where she was working again with actor Robert De Niro and director Michael Caton-Jones in "City by the Sea". She played James Franco's junkie girlfriend and mother of his child. The same year Kevin Smith asked Dushku to be a part of "Jay and Silent Bob Strike Back". Dushku co-starred with Shannon Elizabeth, Ali Larter, Ben Affleck, and others.

2003 saw the release of "Wrong Turn", a horror movie in which Dushku had the starring role, and "The Kiss", an independent comedy-drama. Starting that same year, she also starred in a new Fox TV series, "Tru Calling". She played the main character, Tru Davies, a ex-medical student who must take a job at a local morgue where she finds that she has the power to "re-live" the previous day over again. She uses this ability to stop wrongful deaths.

She appeared in the Simple Plan music video, "I'm Just a Kid", as the band's love interest, as well as Nickelback's video for "Rockstar".

"Variety" announced on August 2, 2006 that Dushku would co-star with Macaulay Culkin in "Sex and Breakfast", written and directed by Miles Brandman. The movie will be released in Los Angeles on November 30, 2007 and on DVD on January 22, 2008. She will also star in "Open Graves", a horror-thriller movie about a satanic game. The movie is expected to be released in 2007. She will play the main character on a thriller directed by Rob Schmidt who she had worked with before on Wrong Turn, called The Alphabet Killer.

It was announced on October 31, 2007 that Dushku and Joss Whedon agreed to create a new show called "Dollhouse". FOX has already ordered seven episodes and the series is expected to premiere in April.

Dushku lives in the Los Angeles area of Southern California.



Sandy Robson

Sandy Wayne Robson (born November 6, 1973 in Peterborough, Ontario) is a Canadian actor. He is probably best known for hosting the game show "Trash to Treasure" and his role as "Dude" in The N's television series "About a Girl".

A Toronto native, Robson's breakthrough role was in "Crazy Canucks", the story of the 1974 World Cup ski champions. (His background as a giant slalom down hill skier was useful for the film.) More recently, he has acted in "Cow Belles" and "The Cheetah Girls", and the television series "Kevin Hill", "", and "Instant Star". Sandy has starred in many theatrical productions, including the one man show "Full Committed", in which he played 40 characters.





Lord's Prayer

The Lord's Prayer is the best known prayer in the Christian religion. It is also known as the Our Father (the first two words of the prayer) and Pater noster (which is Latin for "Our Father"). It was not until the Protestant Reformation that it was called the Lord's Prayer.

The prayer is spoken in two places in the New Testament of the Bible (Matthew 6:9-13 and Luke 11:1-4). Jesus' disciples asked him how they should pray. Jesus gave an example of how to pray to Father God. 

The Bible has been translated into English several times. Therefore, there are slightly different versions that are used. The traditional and one of the best-known versions is the translation from the Book of Common Prayer (1662): 

The Latin version has been very important in Church history. It is given below:

The best known version of the text is found in Matthew. Its Greek language original is given below:

Many composers have written musical settings of the prayer. Some of them are:

Luigi Cherubini, Martin Luther, Die Toten Hosen, Charles Gounod, Leoš Janáček, Franz Liszt, Giacomo Meyerbeer, Otto Nicolai, Bernardino Rizzi, Igor Stravinsky, Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky, Leonard Bernstein (in Mass), Giuseppe Verdi and Leonardo Schiavo.



Service (music)

In Anglican church music, a Service is a piece of music for the choir to sing during a service of worship. It uses the words which are a traditional part of the service. The choir is usually accompanied by the organ, but sometimes it can be just for choir without organ.

In Morning Prayer the words which are set to music for the choir are the words of the Venite (Psalm 95), the Te Deum and the Jubilate (Psalm 100) or Benedictus.

For a Holy Communion the set words will usually be the Gloria, sometimes the Creed, Sanctus, Agnus Dei as well as responses.

For Evening Prayer the words will be the Magnificat and the Nunc Dimittis. Singers in the choir often call these "Mag and Nunc" for short. Many composers have set these words. They make them into a piece for choir which is like an anthem.

In the Tudor and early Stuart periods, services were described as "Short", "Great" or "Verse" services. Short services were short, the words were only sung once and it was often unaccompanied (no organ). A Great service was longer: some of the words were often sung many times. William Byrd wrote a famous Great Service. A Verse service was also long: there were several verses which need to be sung by a solo choir member. In between each verse there is some music for the whole choir to sing.

Space station

A space station is a artificial satellite in space that people can live at. All past and current space stations have been in low Earth orbit. Space stations can dock with other spacecraft. This allows transferring cargo and people. At present the International Space Station is the only space station in orbit. The first space station was Salyut 1. Prior stations were the seven "Salyut" stations, "Skylab", "Mir" and the two "Tiangong" stations. The Chinese Space Station is planned for the future.

Space stations are used to learn about how being in space for a long time effects the human body. They also are a place for science experiments and research. Space stations have been designed for more than one crew. Each crew member may stay aboard the station for weeks or months, and then is replaced by others. Some have spent more than one year at a time on a space station. This includes Vladimir Titov, Musa Manarov, Sergei Avdeyev and Valeriy Polyakov aboard "Mir".

The below list is of stations that made it to orbit and had at least one crew visit them. There have also been a few stations that have failed or were for testing. Those are not included on this list.

In 2024, international media showed a film clip of (intentionally or on purpose) putting too much pressure inside a LIFE (Large Integrated Flexible Environment) habitat [or a room designed for a future space station].

Van de Graaff Generator

A Van de Graaff generator is an electrostatic machine. It uses a moving, nonmetallic belt to accumulate very high voltages on a hollow metal globe. Voltage differences achieved in modern Van de Graaff generators can reach 5 megavolts. Applications for these high voltage generators include driving X-ray tubes, accelerating electrons to sterilize food and process materials, and accelerating protons for nuclear physics experiments. The Van de Graaff generator can be thought of as a constant-current source connected in parallel with a capacitor and a very large electrical resistance. It is named after the American physicist Robert Jemison Van de Graaff, who built the first generators of this style in 1929.

Time server

A time server is a special computer in a computer network. 

It is important that computers on a network use the same time. Time servers use an atomic clock, or they ask other computers on the network about the time. They then tell this time to all the other computers in the same network. Common protocols to do this are the Daytime Protocol and the Network Time Protocol (NTP).

NTP calls the quality of a time server its stratum. Stratum can be anything form 0 to 255 and lower is better. It is rare to see a network with a source worse than stratum 5.

Every level that is added of time servers getting information from a source close to the master clock and passing it farther away from the master clock increases the stratum level.

Laura Prepon

Laura Prepon (born March 7, 1980) is an American actress. She is best known for her roles as Donna Pinciotti on the Fox television series "That '70s Show" and as Hannah Daniels on the ABC television series "October Road". She plays Alex in "Orange Is the New Black".


Ashley Massaro

Ashley Marie Massaro (May 26, 1979 – May 16, 2019), also known simply as Ashley, was an American pictorial model and professional wrestler. She is best known for her time with World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE) while wrestling on its "Raw" brand. 

She was the winner of the Raw Diva Search 2005 and was on the cover of the April 2007 issue of "Playboy Magazine". She was a contestant on the of "Survivor" in China, but was the second contestant to be eliminated.

Massaro was found dead at her home on May 16, 2019 in Long Island, New York at the age of 39. The cause of death was suicide by hanging.


Melina Perez

Melina Nava Pérez (born March 9, 1979; ring name Melina) is an American professional wrestler and manager. She is best known for working for World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE) where she wrestled on its Raw and SmackDown brands. She was released from her contract with the WWE on August 5, 2011.

Pérez began her career as a model. In 2000, she decided to become a professional wrestler and began training. Pérez's pro-wrestling debut was in 2002 on a tour of the independent wrestling scene. She joined a number of California-based promotions such as the Empire Wrestling Federation (EWF).

Pérez began working in World Wrestling Entertainment's "farm territory" Ohio Valley Wrestling (OVW) in March 2004 when she was kayfabe brought her in as a way to taunt her ex-boyfriend John Hennigan. Melina, however, aligned herself with Hennigan, who later changed his ring name to Johnny Nitro. Soon after, Nitro began teaming with Joey Matthews, later known as Joey Mercury. On November 10, the trio, now known as MNM, won the OVW Southern Tag Team Championship.

MNM made their debut in WWE on the April 14, 2005 edition of SmackDown! by interrupting the first ever Carlito's Cabana interview segment. Rey Mysterio, one half of the WWE Tag Team Champions, was a guest. Melina insulted Mysterio and had Mercury and Nitro attack him. This led to MNM's first match the next week on SmackDown! for the tag team title. MNM won the match against Mysterio and Eddie Guerrero, giving them their first WWE Tag Team Title reign.

While managing the Tag Team Champions, Melina started wrestling against the other WWE Divas. She had her first match on June 30 against Michelle McCool. Her first pay-per-view match – a Bra and Panties match – was at The Great American Bash against Torrie Wilson. Melina won both matches.

On January 29, 2007, Melina became the number 1 contender for the WWE Women's Championship. On February 5 Melina lost a title match against Mickie James. On February 19, Melina won the Women's Championship from James. On April 24 at a show in Paris, France, Melina lost the Women's Championship in a Triple Threat match to James when James pinned Victoria. In a rematch on the same night, she pinned James to regain the title and become a two-time WWE Women's Champion.

On May 7 Melina was defeated in a tag team match when she was pinned by Candice Michelle. Melina lost to Candice in several tag team matches, as well as in non-title bouts over the next few weeks. At Vengeance, Melina lost the Women's Championship to Candice, and failed to wim the title back at The Great American Bash.


Amy Dumas

Amy Christine Dumas (born April 14, 1975)
better known by her ring name Lita, is an American retired professional wrestler and singer. She is best known for working with the World Wrestling Federation/Entertainment (WWE) from 1999 to 2006. She became one of the most popular female wrestlers in the company's history.
After working for a short time on the independent circuit and in Extreme Championship Wrestling, Dumas began working with the World Wrestling Federation in 1999. Originally, she was paired with Essa Rios. She became more well know when she teamed up with Matt and Jeff Hardy as Team Xtreme. During her career, she won the WWE Women's Championship four times.

Dumas had an off-screen relationship with Matt Hardy. It ended in 2005 after her affair with Adam Copeland (then better known as Edge). WWE used the problems between them as part of a story during 2005 and 2006. The affair was part of the reason Hardy was fired in 2005, but he was rehired later in the year. As a result of her personal life, Dumas' character Lita became a heel for the first time.

After she stopped wrestling in 2006, she became the lead singer of punk rock band The Luchagors. The band released their self-titled CD, "The Luchagors" on September 11, 2007. She was inducted into the WWE Hall of Fame in 2014.

Since her retirement, Dumas has still worked for the WWE in many ways. She has been a trainer for many years. She still takes part in many events which use "Legends" talent. In 2023, she won the WWE Women's Tag Team Championship with Becky Lynch.



Mafic

Mafic is an adjective describing a silicate mineral or igneous rock which is rich in magnesium and iron. The term is a portmanteau, made up from "magnesium" and "ferric". 

Mafic minerals are usually dark in color and have a specific gravity greater than 3. Common rock-forming mafic minerals include olivine, pyroxene, amphibole, biotite and other micas, augite and the calcium-rich plagioclase feldspars. Common mafic rocks include basalt and gabbro.

In terms of chemistry, mafic rocks are on the other side of the rock spectrum from the so-called felsic rocks. The term roughly corresponds to the older "basic" rock class.

Mafic lava, before cooling, has a lower viscosity than felsic lava due to its lower silica content. Water and other volatiles can more easily and gradually escape from mafic lava, so eruptions of volcanoes made of mafic lavas are less explosively violent than felsic lava eruptions. Most mafic lava volcanoes are oceanic volcanoes, like Hawaii.


Specific gravity

Specific Gravity (SG) is a special case of relative density.

It is defined as the ratio of the density of a given substance, to the density of water (HO). Substances with a specific gravity greater than 1 are heavier than water, and those with a specific gravity of less than 1 are lighter than water.

formula_1
SG is by definition dimensionless and therefore not dependent on the system of units used (e.g. slugsft or kgm), assuming that the units are consistent. Based on the SG-value of a given substance, the density of that substance can be calculated.



Rosetta Stone

The Rosetta Stone is a stone with writing carved into it. There are 3 types of writing on the Rosetta stone; Greek, Egyptian, and another form of Egyptian writing. French soldiers found it in Egypt in 1799. It helped people get a better understanding of the Ancient Egyptian writing system called hieroglyphics. Its discovery led to the translation of Ancient Egyptian writing. The stone is named after the city where it was found, Rosetta (also called Rashid). The stone is now in the British Museum in London.

It had three pieces of writing on it that said the same thing in two different languages. Two pieces of writing were written in Ancient Egyptian, but in two different scripts: Demotic and hieroglyphics. The third writing was written in Ancient Greek.

The historians could already read the Greek. Using this knowledge they were able to work out how to read the Egyptian scripts.

The complete Greek text, in English, is about 1600–1700 words in length. The text is a royal decree from the Hellenistic period about the taxes of temple priests. It gives them back the tax privileges they had earlier. Some scholars believe that several copies of the Rosetta Stone might exist, as this proclamation must have been made at many temples.

The soldiers who discovered the stone were part of 1798 campaign in Egypt. It was given to the British as part of the surrender arrangements when French forces were caught in Alexandria by the Battle of the Nile and a larger force of British and Ottoman troops. The surrender and treaty is called the Capitulation of Alexandria. Under the treaty, the French had to hand over their archaeological discoveries to the British, and that included the Rosetta Stone.

The discovered part of the stone is 114.4 centimeters (45 in) high at its tallest point, 72.3 centimeters (28.5 in) wide, and 27.9 centimeters (11 in) thick.

These are some of the translated words on the stone:

Curtain

A curtain is a piece of cloth used to block light, water, or cold air from entering a place (some curtains are better at blocking than others because of the type of fabric used). Curtains are hung around showers to keep water off the floor around the shower. Curtains are also hung around windows to keep light from coming in. A curtain is raised and lowered during a play or other theatrical production. Curtains can come in many different colors and different types of fabric. It is also originally a French word.

Curtains can also be made from air.

Criminal record

A criminal record is a list of crimes that a person has done in the past. These records are kept by different law enforcement agencies.
People can get a criminal record by things like speeding, robbery, breaking and entering and murdering. Getting a criminal record can stop people from getting certain jobs and going overseas.

Visitor

A visitor is a person who does not permanently live in a place. If someone says "I am a visitor here", that means that they do not live in that place all the time.

In English and Welsh law it also means a person who can look at the working of a church, university or charity.


Espresso

Espresso is a type of Italian coffee that is concentrated. In order to make espresso, coffee beans are powdered and hot water is added under high pressure. This is done using an espresso machine or a macchinetta. Usually, espresso is made using 7 grams of coffee beans. This gives espresso a very strong flavor. Because espresso is so strong, it is usually mixed with other coffee drinks in small amounts.

There are many drinks that use espresso, such as latte, cappuccino, caffe mocha and caffe macchiato.

It is sometimes spelled expresso, with an X. There is some debate as to whether this is an acceptable spelling.


Damson

A damson is a kind of plum. Like the plum, it comes from the Rosaceae family. Originally, the fruit comes from the Mediterranean. Damsons are thought to be members of the 'European Plum' family, which also includes greengage, mirabelle, quetsche, and Italian prune plums. The damson is generally less sweet than other kinds of plum and is used in jams, jellies, and liqueurs.

Half-time

Half-time is the name of a break in the middle of a sports game. This break gives players a chance to rest. It also gives watchers of the game time to stretch, eat, or go to the bathroom without missing the game. During half-time, there is usually a show on the field of play. It may include a marching band or something like it. This is called a half-time show. There is a half-time show in the Super Bowl. Half time is usually 15 minutes, but in the Super Bowl it is usually about 30 minutes to give time for advertisements and performances. In Football, teams usually switch sides at the beginning of the next half. This also applies to Basketball.


Fluid mechanics

Fluid mechanics is the study of how fluids move and the forces on them. (Fluids include liquids and gases.)

Fluid mechanics can be divided into fluid statics, the study of fluids at rest, and fluid dynamics, the study of fluids in motion. It is a branch of continuum mechanics, a subject which models matter without using the information that it is made out of atoms.

The study of fluid mechanics goes back at least to the days of ancient Greece, when Archimedes made a beginning on fluid statics. However, fluid mechanics, especially fluid dynamics, is an active field of research with many unsolved or partly solved problems. Fluid mechanics can be mathematically complex. Sometimes it can best be solved by numerical analysis, typically using computers. A modern discipline, called "Computational Fluid Dynamics" (CFD), is devoted to this approach to solving fluid mechanics problems.

Fluid mechanics is a subdiscipline of continuum mechanics, as illustrated in the following table.



Fluid statics

Fluid statics (also called hydrostatics) is the science of fluids at rest, and is a sub-field within fluid mechanics. The term usually refers to the mathematical treatment of the subject. It embraces the study of the conditions under which fluids are at rest in stable equilibrium. The use of fluid to do work is called hydraulics, and the science of fluids in motion is fluid dynamics. Hydrostatic pressure is pressure that a fluid exerts when pushing against the sides of a vessel.


Meroë

Meroë (Meroitic: "Medewi" or "Bedewi") is the name of an ancient city. What remains of the city is on the east bank of the Nile about 6 km north-east of the Kabushiya station near Shendi, Sudan. It lies about 200 km north-east of Khartoum.
There are a few villages nearby. They are called Bagrawiyah.

Meroë was the capital of the Kingdom of Kush for several centuries. The Kushitic Kingdom of Meroë gave its name to the "Island of Meroë", which was the modern region of Butana, a region bounded by the Nile (from the Atbarah River to Khartoum), the Atbarah, Ethiopia, and the Blue Nile. The city of Meroë was on the edge of Butana and there were two other Meroitic cities in Butana, Musawwarat es-Sufra and Naqa. 

The site of the city of Meroë is marked by over two hundred pyramids in three groups. Of many of these pyramids, there are only ruins left.

In June 2011, the archaeological site of Meroë was listed by UNESCO as World Heritage Sites.

Saxe-Eisenach

Saxe-Eisenach () was the name of three different Ernestine duchies that existed at different times in Thuringia. The chief town and capital of all three duchies was Eisenach.

The first Duchy of Saxe-Eisenach was created in 1596 for Johann Ernst, younger son of Johann Frederick II of Saxe-Coburg-Eisenach.

In 1633, the Wettin line died out, and Johann Ernst inherited it, but he died heirless in 1638, and the territories of Saxe-Gotha and Saxe-Eisenach were split between Saxe-Weimar and Saxe-Altenburg.

In 1640 Saxe-Eisenach was again separated off from Saxe-Weimar for Albert, son of John II of Saxe-Weimar, but after just four years he too died without an heir, and Saxe-Eisenach was then divided between Saxe-Gotha and Saxe-Weimar, ruled by his brothers Ernst and Wilhelm.

In 1662 Wilhelm, Duke of Saxe-Weimar died, leaving four children: Johann Ernst, Adolf Wilhelm, Johann Georg and Bernhard. Adolf Wilhelm, got Eisenach, but he had to share this with his younger brother Johann Georg. Johann Georg eventually took an allowance from the duchy instead of taking part in the government, and moved to live in the small town of Marksuhl. Adolf William’s first four sons died soon after birth. In 1668 he died, just before of the birth of his fifth child, Wilhelm August, who became the new Duke of Saxe-Eisenach from his birth, with Johann Georg as regent. A sickly boy, he died in 1671 at only two years old, and Johann Georg I became the duke of Saxe-Eisenach.

Saxe-Eisenach changed again in 1672. Frederick William III of Saxe-Altenburg died and his lands were split. The line of Johann Georg I ruled Saxe-Eisenach for 69 years, until Duke Wilhelm Heinrich died heirless in 1741. Ernst August I of Saxe-Weimar, Wilhelm's second cousin, inherited Saxe-Eisenach; he and his successors ruled Saxe-Weimar and Saxe-Eisenach in a personal union until 1809, when the duchies were formally merged into the Duchy of Saxe-Weimar-Eisenach.

Created in 1572 as Saxe-Coburg-Eisenach<br>
1596 divided into Saxe-Coburg and Saxe-Eisenach
Divided between Saxe-Altenburg and Saxe-Weimar

Divided between Saxe-Gotha and Saxe-Weimar

Line extinct

Merged with Saxe Weimar into Saxe-Weimar-Eisenach



Laxative

A laxative is a food or drug taken to make bowel movements easier, or to treat constipation. Sometimes taking powerful or lots of laxatives can cause diarrhea or a flatulence. 

Laxatives work by helping your intestines digest undigested food, and do not make you lose weight. Despite this, some people with eating disorders take laxatives in an attempt to lose weight.

Jebel Barkal

Jebel Barkal, also called Gebel Barkal, is a small mountain in Sudan. It is about 400 kilometers (248.6 miles) north of a city called Khartoum. This mountain is about high and has a flat top.

Dassault Mirage III

The Mirage III is a fighter aircraft made by French airplane company Dassault Aviation. If first flew in 1956 and was introduced in 1961. It used a triangle wing (called a delta wing). It had 2 cannons and some missiles. Because it was an interceptor, an airplane made to shoot down enemy airplanes at high speed, it could go Mach 2.2. It was used by Israel in the Six-Day War.

Herbaceous plant

A herbaceous plant is a plant that does not have much wood and its stems are green and soft. These plants grow fast and produce flowers and many seeds in a short period of time.

In botany, the word for a herbaceous plant is herb (from Latin "herba", "grass") but it is common to use the word herb only for plants that are used in perfumes, medicines and for cooking, even if they are not herbaceous plants.

Herbaceous plants may be annuals, biennials or perennials. Most are annuals and die at the end of their growing season (the time when they produce flowers, fruits and seeds), leaving their seeds on the soil. Those seeds will produce new plants with good weather. Wheat and pea are annual herbaceous plants.

Biennial and perennial herbaceous plants will live for two or more years, but the stems that are in the air will die every year. The underground stems will form the new aerial stems (stems that are above the ground). Underground roots and stems can better resist bad weather (winter or a very dry season) than leaves and stems that are above the ground. Bulbs are biennial and peonies are perennial herbaceous plants.

Most herbaceous plants are small and their stems are not thick because they do not have much wood, but there are some big herbaceous plants. Bananas and papaya (a tropical fruit) are herbaceous plants but they look like trees. Papaya has a thick stem but without much wood.

Herbaceous plants are the first plants with flower that come to live in barren lands (lands without plant life), because they are small and produce many seeds. They are also found in places where the weather conditions are not good for most plants. They can use the little rain that falls in deserts. They can get enough heat to grow where the soil is covered with snow and ice most of the year, like in very high mountains.

Trophy

A trophy is an object given to someone because of an accomplishment. These are often given out through sporting events. 

A trophy can be in the shape of a cup, a bowl, a plaque, a mug (these usually painted or engraved with something), a human shape (like the Emmy Award), or a spaceship (like the Hugo Award for science-fiction). 

Trophies can also be an animal head. These are often taken as trophies by hunters.

In ancient times people would take heads or other body parts of enemies they had killed in a battle to show how good a warrior they were.
Many years ago (in Ancient Greece and Ancient Rome) the winners did not get any trophy, only a wreath (a wreath is made of flowers and looks like a crown). The winner also got olive oil in a container that was similar to today trophies. In local games, the winners got different trophies, such as a vase or a silver cup.
In ancient Rome, the tradition of getting a trophy was slowly forgotten and money were given instead.
Trophies were introduced back in the world on large scale in last century. Football, rugby and baseball trophies were introduced.
Today trophies are mostly made from plastic and are easily accessible to public thanks to low prices.

Nickel Creek

Nickel Creek was an American acoustic musical group. Although the group's music has roots in bluegrass, Nickel Creek now calls itself "progressive acoustic". The band has three people: Chris Thile (mandolin), Sean Watkins (guitar), and Sara Watkins (violin). A fourth member also plays bass with the band. Chris Thile's father Scott Thile, Byron House, and Derek Jones have played bass with the group. Mark Schatz has played bass with Nickel Creek since 2003. The band has played songs by Radiohead, Elliott Smith, Bob Dylan, and even "Toxic" by Britney Spears. However, most of the songs the band play are originals.

The band started in California in 1989 with Scott Thile, Chris' father, playing the double bass. The oldest of the children, Sean Watkins, was only twelve years old at the time. In the early days, Nickel Creek made two albums: "Little Cowpoke" in 1993, and "Here to There" in 1997. 

Alison Krauss produced the album "Nickel Creek", which came out in 2000 on Sugar Hill Records. It was awarded a gold certification in 2002 by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA). Nickel Creek got two Grammy Award nominations for the album: Best Bluegrass Album and Best Country Instrumental for "Ode to a Butterfly". Three singles, "When You Come Back Down", "The Lighthouse's Tale", and "Reasons Why" were released with music videos, and the first two were on the US Country chart. The album itself topped the Billboard Heatseekers chart, and reached number 125 on the "Billboard" 200.

To help sell the album, Nickel Creek toured with artists like Lyle Lovett, Dolly Parton, Vince Gill, and Amy Grant.

In 2002, "This Side" came out and it was also produced by Alison Krauss. It reached number 18 on the "Billboard" 200, and was also made gold by the RIAA. "This Side" was different from the first album by adding more pop and rock. Chris Thile described the album in 2002: 

On the "This Side" tour of 2002 and 2003, Nickel Creek played shows as the main act for the most part, but also opened five shows for John Mayer in November 2002 in Upstate New York and New England, and played with Gillian Welch and David Rawlings earlier in the year. In 2003, Nickel Creek was on Béla Fleck's album "Little Worlds".

Nickel Creek also released three singles from "This Side": "This Side", "Speak", and "Smoothie Song". "This Side" appeared on the US Country chart, but the others did not chart with Billboard. However, "Smoothie Song" topped the AAA Contemporary chart for three weeks.

Nickel Creek released "Why Should the Fire Die?" in August 2005. The album brought even more rock and pop to Nickel Creek's sound, just as "This Side" did. Chris Thile talked about the band's genre and style in a 2005 interview from "JamBase": "We actually feel like more than a bluegrass band that stretched out. We are a band that incorporates bluegrass into our music. There's been a problem in perception. 'Bluegrass band leaves the fold' (uses a news announcer voice). No, no, no, no, no. Actually, it's a band that incorporates a little bluegrass into whatever the hell kind of music they play." Sean Watkins also said: 

On August 28, 2006, Nickel Creek announced on their website that they would not be together as a band anymore. The message was:
After the break was announced, a tour was scheduled. To say goodbye to their fans, the tour was named the "Farewell (For Now)" Tour, because the band does not know if they will get together again. The tour started in April 2007 and ended in November 2007 in Nashville, Tennessee. The tour had many guest appearances by musicians like Fiona Apple, Glen Phillips, Jon Brion, Bruce Molsky, Béla Fleck, and Tift Merritt.

When talking about Nickel Creek's last tour before the break, Sara Watkins said "A lot of the other stuff will be special in the way that anything is special when you realize that it’s not going to be around forever... Nothing is going be Nickel Creek except Nickel Creek. I’m not looking for anything to top this. It can’t be duplicated in my life."




Six-Day War

The Six-Day War took place from 5 June to 10 June 1967 between Israel and a coalition of Arab states, led by Egypt. Israel won the war, which has had huge effects on the future of the Middle East. Israel has occupied Arab areas, such as the West Bank and the Gaza Strip, ever since. That has helped cause many wars between it and the neighboring countries and has led to the exile of many Palestinians.

After the World War I, Zionist ideals started to become a reality. Jews from Europe started moving to Palestine in the 1920s, when the territory was still under the British mandate. The migration led to conflict with the native Arabs. The foundation of the State of Israel in 1948 was not recognized by the Arab states, and its creation made Egypt go to war in 1948 and 1949 and become Israel's main enemy. 

The Suez Crisis in 1956 established a geopolitical situation that failed to solve the problems in the area. The crisis made the United Nations send troops to the Sinai Peninsula to maintain the peace between Egypt and Israel. The coming to power of the Baa'th Party in Syria in 1963; the establishment of the Palestinian Liberation Organization in 1964; and the alliance of Syria, Egypt, and Jordan in 1966 contributed to the rise of tensions, which eventually led to the war.

In May 1967, Egyptian President Gamal Abdel Nasser was informed by the Soviet Union that Israel was moving its troops on its border with Syria. Because of that false information, Nasser decided to expel the UN troops from the Sinai Peninsula and to move his army close to the Egyptian border with Israel. In the last days of May, other Arab countries such as Jordan and Iraq gathered troops and prepared for battle. The main event that led to the beginning of the war was Egypt's closing of the Tiran Straits on 23 May 1967. This blocked Israel's only access to the Red Sea.

At 7 a.m. local time, the Egyptian Air Force was taken by surprise by an aerial attack by the Israeli Air Force, and Operation Focus started. Israeli had been training the execution of its plan for a long time. To avoid being detected by the Egyptian radars, Israeli fighting jets flew low and kept radio silent. Because Israel's intelligence service had gathered all the crucial information over the years, all Israeli pilots knew where to find the Egyptian airfields and the exact location of each jet. That let them know which ones were the most powerful and so could become a danger to Israel. Israeli priorities were set clearly: destroy the runways so that no Egyptian jets could escape, the long-range bombers that were a threat to Israeli cities, and finally all other air force facilities. Within just thirty minutes, Egypt has already lost more than half of its air force.

After the first air attack, the ground war started in the Sinai Desert. Israeli troops moved forward quickly, but Egyptian intelligence initially told the troops stationed in the Sinai to let them pass since they believed it to be just a diversion of the actual main attack that was believed had not yet happend. That made it easy for the Israeli troops to reach the city of al-Arish well ahead of schedule, at 10 p.m.

Even though Egypt had lost almost all of its air force within one day of the war, but Defence Minister Abdel Hakim Amer pushed the storyline to the Egyptian government in Cairo, the country's population, and its Arab League allies that the Egyptian Army, after it had overcome the initial effect of surprise. destroyed much of the Israeli Air Force. That led to Jordan acting upon the joined defence treaty that it had signed with Egypt. At 10 a.m. Jordan started firing at Israeli facilities, both military and civilian. Jordan’s participation led to Syria and Iraq also participating in the war by attacking Israel from the east. Israel pushed back by attacking Jordan’s air bases and bunkers around Jerusalem; continuing its attack on Egypt, now from multiple directions; and quickly gaining more territory.

On the second day of the war, the Israeli troops captured al-Arish, the largest city of the Sinai Peninsula. The location is important since it is only 45 km from the Gaza border. Israel hoped that by splitting Gaza from the Sinai, it would make make Gaza fall more easily. Meanwhile, the air attacks by Israel continued, which led to an order by General Amer for the Egyptian troops to retreat. However, the retreat is very sudden, and the chaos led to the roads out of the Sinai being jammed with army vehicles and to troops falling prey to the Israeli jets. 

In the east, Syrian troops were busy firing at Israeli settlements, but the attack plan was quickly changed back to their defensive plan after continuous attacks from Israeli jets. Jordan also has to deal with Israeli air attacks, and the Israeli troops made their way closer and closer to Jerusalem. After Israeli had captureedc Ammunition Hill. in East Jerusalem, the road to the Old City of Jerusalem was safer for Israeli troops to pass through. Jordan’s possession of Jerusalem and the entire West Bank felt the pressure. With the Israeli troops surrounding it, the Jordanian Army was at risk of being stranded on the West Bank. King Hussein contacted Nasser and asked whether to retreat. Nasser eventually admitted the actual damages to the Egyptian Army and advised Hussein to evacuate the Jordan Army from the West Bank. Hussein sent out his order of retreat at 11:30 p.m., but two hours later, the possibility of an official ceasefire that would be ordered by the UN Security Council made Hussein urge his troops to maintain their positions in the hope that when the ceasefire started at dawn, Jordan would still be in possession of the West Bank and the Old City of Jerusalem.

On the third day of the war, Israeli troops hurried towards conquering the Old City before the proposed ceasefire came into effect. With less than 100 Jordanian soldiers left to defend the Old City the Israeli troops opened fire and reached the Western Wall. Jordan also lost other places in the West bank like Nablus, Jericho, and Bethlehem to Israel. 

On the other front, Israel starts Operation Lights, with its navy attacking the Gulf of Suez and its army successfully attacking Egyptian forces in the Straits of Tiran on land. The latter attack is successful and results in the Red Sea now being open again for Israeli ships to pass through. 

On the fourth day of the war, Israel went further into northern Jordan. By conquering the biblical city of Hebron, the war on the West Bank was over. Israel marked new border on the Jordan River . 

On the Sinai front, Egyptian troops were retreating towards the Mitla and Gidi Passes in the hope of crossing the Suez Canal and getting to safety on the Egyptian mainland. With the Israeli forces getting closer to the Suez Canal, Amer gave the order that all Egyptian troops must protect the Suez Canal from the west and that all passes to and bridges over the canal must be destroyed. However, that meant that retreating Egyptian troops from the Sinai could no longer cross the canal and get to safety. With the Israeli forces so close, Nasser agreed to a ceasefire.

On the northern front, in the Golan Heights, Syria continued firing at Israeli settlements, but most of its army waited safely in its bunkers for the ground fighting to begin. However, with the possibility of also a ceasefire between Syria and Israel, the planned operation by Israel to invade the Golan Heights  was temporarily put on hold. Syria’s ally, the Soviet Union, warned Israel that it should respect the pending ceasefire and that any continuing violence towards Syria could have serious results.

With the strong possibility of a ceasefire at all fronts, the war seemed to be coming to an end after only four days. Israel captured the entire West Bank and even the entire Sinai Desert.

On the fifth day of the war, Israel ordered an attack on the Golan Heights, with air attacks starting at 9:40am and shortly afterward overland attacks from multiple angles. However, the terrain of the Golan Heights is hard to manage and navigate for those who are not used to it, which slowed the Israeli Army and led its troops right into the arms of the Syrian Army. By 6 p.m., three Syrian military fords had fallen, but for Israel, that had taken many lives and the loss of much material. Also, its troops had gotten only up to 13 km into Syrian territory. On the other hand, the Syrian troops were aside from their frontline and so were still in quite good shape. The Syrian government was determined to reinforce those frontline troops as fast as possible and asked for reinforcement from its Arab allies, especially from its treaty partner Egypt, but there was no response from the Egyptian government.

Meanwhile in Egypt, Nasser held a speech on live television that took full responsibility for losing the war. Nasser announced his plan to step down as president and names a new president, Zakaria Mohieddin. Immediately after his speech, a spontaneous mass protest started in Cairo and asked Nasser to stay. Protests in other large cities around the Middle East also happened. King Hussein of Jordan even wrote to Nasser to ask him to stay, and Mohieddin publicly rejected the offered presidency. That led to Nasser deciding to stay as president and accepting the resignation of all of his generals who had fought during the war like Amer.

The fighting in the Golan Heights between Israel and Syria continued into the night. Israel was in a rush to capture the entire Golan Heights area before the ceasefire with Syria actually began. At 8:30 a.m., on the sixth and final day of the war, the Syrian commanders were losing control over their own troops. Syrian troops started blowing up their own bunkers and destroying all confidential documents. The city of Quneitra, only 75 km from Damascus, was reached by the Israeli troops. The Syrian government then decided to give the order for all troops to retreat and to reposition themselves around the capital.

In the meantime, the Soviet Union kept its word by cutting all diplomatic relations with Israel, and nine other communist bloc countries did so as well. Israel, afraid of possible military intervention by the Soviets, asked the United States for help, but no response was given by the White House. The Israeli government gave four more hours to the northern troops before it accepts the ceasefire since it still hoped to capture all of the Golan Heights. At 12:30 p.m., Quneitra was taken and then all of the rest of the Golan Heights was conquered, including Mount Hermon, the highest point in Syria. Only then was a ceasefire with Syria agreed upon by Israel. The war has come to an end.

The Egyptians had 50 runways and about 960 attack aircraft, and the Israelis had 300 attack aircraft. Before the war, Israeli pilots and ground soldiers had trained to make possible for one aircraft to go into mission even four times a day; the Arab air forces could complete only one or two missions a day. That let the Israeli Air Force start many attacks against Egypt on the first day of the war, destroy the Egyptian Air Force when it was still on the ground, and defeat the other Arab countries' air forces on the same day. The Arabs were so surprised that they wrongly believed that Israel had been helped by other countries, especially the United States.

On May 26, 1967, the Central Intelligence Agency stated, "The Israelis... If they attack now they... would still be able to drive the Egyptians away from the entrance to the Strait of Tiran, but it would certainly cost them heavy losses of men and matériel". A few days before the war, Israel believed it could win a war in 3 to 4 days. The Americans and the British believed that would take 7 to 10 days.

The Israeli Army had 264,000 soldiers, but not all of them were called to fight. Israel used about 40,000 troops and 200 tanks. The Israeli Central Command forces had five brigades. The first two (the Jerusalem Brigade and the Harel Brigade) were near Jerusalem. Mordechai Gur's 55th Brigade was called from the Sinai front. The 10th Armored Brigade was in the north of the West Bank. 

On the other side, Egypt prepared 100,000 of its 160,000 soldiers in the Sinai, including all of its seven divisions (four infantry, two armoured, and one mechanized), four independent infantry brigades, and four independent armoured brigades. Some of them were veterans of Egypt's participation to the Yemen Civil War. and others were reservists.

Arabs used mainly Soviet weapons, but Jordan also had American weapons and an air force of British aircraft. Egypt had the largest and the most modern of all the Arab air forces, with 420 combat aircraft; all of them had been given by the Soviets. Egypt also had MiG-21s and 30 Tu-16 "Badger" medium bombers, which were very powerful and dangerous for the enemy.

Israel won the war after 983 people had been killed, and many tanks and aircrafts had been destroyed. On the opposite side, Egypt lost 15.000 soldiers, Jordan 700 and Syria 2500. With its victory, Israel gained many territories: the whole Sinai Peninsula, the Gaza Strip, and the West Bank (including East Jerusalem and the Golan Heights).That also meant that Israel now ruled gover one million Arabs, which led to the forced displacement of most of them soon after the war.

The victory of Israel had many different meanings. It was a defeat for the Arab countries but also for the Soviets, who had helped Egypt to maintain their power in the Middle East. More importantly, Israel had confirmed its supremacy in the region and proved to be very powerful despite its small size. Feelings of enthusiasm and optimism spread inside but also outside the country and convinced many Jews to migrate to Israel. Across the Arab world, violence rose against the Jewish communities. The war also resulted to a change of strategy for the Palestinian Liberation Organization, which had been founded in 1964 but only now became military active.

In an interview in late June 1967, David Ben-Gurion, a former prime minister of Israel, affirmed that his country would have accepted to give back the occupied territories in exchange of a definite peace treaty and its recognition of the by the Arab countries. Nasser and other Arab leaders decided not to accept those conditions. Their choice against further negotiations led to another conflict just a few years later, in 1973, called the Yom Kippur War. Israel won once again, but the war did not bring much change to the borders that had been on the ground since 1967. Eventually, Israel returned the Sinai Peninsula to Egypt in 1982 but kept the lands that it had acquired from Jordan. The UN requested Israel to retreat to the pre-1967 borders and to help form an Arab-Palestinian state, but negotiations and intermittent fighting continued, and the tensions with Palestinians in the territories occupied by Israel have never been solved.


Australopithecus afarensis

Australopithecus afarensis is an extinct hominid. It lived between 3.9 and 2.9 million years ago. "A. afarensis" was similar to slightly later "Australopithecus africanus". It had a slender build.

"A. afarensis" may be more closely related to the genus "Homo" than "A. africanus". "Homo" includes the modern human species, "Homo sapiens".

The most famous fossil is the partial skeleton named Lucy (3.2 million years old) found by Donald Johanson and colleagues, who, in celebration of their find, repeatedly played the Beatles song "Lucy in the Sky with Diamonds".

Nakalipithecus

Nakalipithecus nakayamai is a fossil ape species. It was a discovery of a 10-million-year-old jawbone with teeth, in a volcanic mud in Nakali, Kenya. "N. nakayamai" is thought to have lived around 9.9 million to 9.8 million years ago. More teeth were found in the same place; eleven of them are thought to belong to this specimen. 


Defoliant

Defoliants are a type of chemical that destroys plants like trees, bushes and grass .

A very common defoliant is Agent Orange used by the US Airforce in the Vietnam War to destroy cover of the enemy. It killed the rainforest and caused birth defects as well as other illnesses among Vietnamese and US soldiers

Phoenix lights

The Phoenix Lights (sometimes called the "Lights over Phoenix") were a light phenomenon that occurred on March 13, 1997 over Arizona and Nevada, in the Southwestern United States. Some claim that they were UFOs. The governor of Arizona also said he thought they could be UFOs. The thing was V-shaped with 5 lights at the bottom of it in V-formation.

909

Year 909 (CMIX) was a common year starting on Sunday (link will display the full calendar) of the Julian calendar.



Testing English as a foreign language

This page lists ways of testing English as a foreign language (EFL). It is for teachers of English who teach people whose first language is not English. It lists tests with brief descriptions.

The Cambridge exams are very popular in Europe. The University of Cambridge ESOL makes these exams. There are five exams for general English. Students take these exams in many schools. Students can take the exams in England or in schools in many other countries.

The Cambridge exams test: 

The easiest exam is the KET. KET means "Key English Test". The KET is the start of the Cambridge exams. The KET tests basic English.

The PET is more difficult. PET means "Preliminary English Test". People with a PET know some English. They can survive social situations in English. They can also survive work situations in English. But they often find English difficult. They also make many mistakes.

The FCE is the most popular of the Cambridge English exam. FCE means "First Certificate in English". The FCE is good for many businesses. People with a FCE can use English. They sometimes find English difficult. Normally they have no problems with English. But they make mistakes.

The CAE is a difficult exam. CAE means "Certificate in Advanced English". The CAE is good for many universities. It is also good for many businesses. People with a CAE have no problems working in England or United States of America.

The CPE is the most difficult exam. CPE stands for "Certificate of Proficiency in English". People who have a CPE are very good at English. Their English is nearly as good as people who are from England or America. The CPE is good for universities. The CPE is also good for business. Many universities who teach courses in English want a CPE or CAE from foreign-language students.

There are two English exams systems for business. The "Business English Certificate" (BEC) is available at three levels comparable to PET, FCE and CAE. BEC means The BULATS "Business Language Testing Service" is a single examination which can offer organisations or individuals the opportunity of assessing their current language level.

The IELTS is the International English Language Testing System. This system is from the University of Cambridge, the British Council and IDP Education in Australia. It has one exam for academics or professionals, and one for people who want to live in an English-speaking country. Universities in Britain, Ireland, Australia, South Africa, Canada and New Zealand often want an IELTS exam. IELTS is also becoming popular in North America. The IELTS tests speaking, listening, writing and reading.

The TOEFL is a very popular English exam. It is very useful for student who wish to study in the United States of America. TOEFL means "Test of English as a Foreign Language". The TOEFL is an academic exam. Many universities in America want a TOEFL exam.

In 2005 a new TOEFL was made. The new TOEFL uses Internet. Its name is "Internet-Based TOEFL" (iBT). The old TOEFLs did not stop. They are called "Computer-Based TOEFL" (CBT) and "Paper-Based TOEFL", but are not now available in all countries.

The TOEIC is a general English exam. TOEIC means "Test of English for International Communication". The exam has 200 questions. Every question is a multiple choice question. A multiple-choice question is a question where you choose which answer (e.g. a, b, c or d) is correct.

The result of the TOEIC is a number. This number is between 10 and 990. 990 is the best number. The TOEIC number is often used for jobs. Many jobs need a number higher than 600. Managers often need a number higher than 800.

LCCIEB means "London Chamber of Commerce and Industry Examinations Board". The LCCIEB makes many English exams. Many businesses like LCCIEB exams.

The EFB means "English for Business". The EFB is a business English exam. It tests basic general English. It also tests more difficult business English.

The EFC means "English for Commerce". The EFC is a business English exam. It tests business writing. It also tests business skills. Business skills are ideas how to manage a business. The EFC is more difficult than the EFB.

The PBE means "Practical Business English". The PBE is a business English exam. It tests business speaking. It also tests business listening. The PBE is for basic English. People with a PBE can have a basic business conversation.

The SEFIC means "Spoken English for Industry and Commerce". The SEFIC is a business English exam. It tests business speaking. It is more difficult than the PBE. It tests difficult business speaking. It also tests difficult business listening.

The WEFT means "Written English for Tourism". The WEFT is an English business exam. It tests business speaking. It tests speaking at hotels. It also tests speaking in other parts of tourism. The WEFT also tests listening.

The BULATS means "Business Language Testing Service". The BULATS is a special exams for big companies. The BULATS are made for a company. The BULATS for another company is different.

Pitman exams are made by the City and Guilds Group. There are two important English exams by Pitman.

The ESOL means "English for Speakers of Other Languages". The ESOL tests English at many levels. The ESOL is good for going to many colleges. The "Spoken ESOL" is like the ESOL. But the Spoken ESOL only tests speaking and listening.

The EBC means "English for Business Communications". The EBS is a business English exam. There are three levels.

The CELS exams are English exams for people who want to study in England. CELS means "Certificates in Communicative Skills in English". The CELS exam comes from the old ARELS and Oxford exams; now they are Cambridge ESOL exams. The ARELS exam tests speaking and listening. The Oxford exam tests writing and reading. The new name of Arels and Oxford together is CELS.

There are three levels in the CELS exam. "Preliminary" is the easiest exam. "Vantage" is more difficult. "Higher" is the most difficult exam. People who have the CELS are very good at speaking English. These exams are good for universities.

This exam is different from some other exams because learners get one certificate (paper saying how good they are) for each part of the exam. A learner can have a high mark on the speaking certificate but a low one in writing, for example.

It is very difficult to compare English exams. Every exam is a little different.

In Europe, the ALTE says how different exams compare. The ALTE is the Association of Language Testers in Europe. It has 28 exam makers in it, and compares their exams in 24 languages. The ALTE says what learners can do at every step of learning. Because of this, they say the ALTE list is a "can-do" list. The ALTE list is a simple way to talk about the Common European Framework of Reference for Languages (CEF). The CEF is from the Council of Europe.

This table shows what learners "can do" in normal English (not for work or studying) at the ALTE steps:

This table compares exams in ALTE:

There are many groups of teachers, professors, and other experts that do research on English language testing. Some of these may be have good information to help teachers understand testing better.



Eumetazoa

Eumetazoa is a clade which includes all major animal phyla except sponges, and a few other groups of animals, such as the Placozoa. The Eumetazoa have true tissues, neurons, and an embryo that goes through a gastrula stage. 



Bilateria

The Bilateria are animals which are bilaterally symmetrical. They have front and a back end, an upside and downside, and a left and right side. Most animals are bilateral.

Numbers are approximate; extinct species numbers cannot be known for most phyla.


Lyre

A lyre (pronounce to rhyme with "fire") is an instrument which is like a mixture between a harp and a guitar. It is held in one hand and the strings are strummed using the other hand. Lyres were among the first string instruments to be invented.

Oceanic crust

The oceanic crust is the part of Earth's lithosphere that is under the ocean basins.

Oceanic crust is primarily composed of mafic rocks, or sima which is named for its magnesium silicate minerals. It is thinner than continental crust, and is about 7-10 kilometers thick, however it is more dense, having a mean density of about 3.3 g/cm.

Oceanic crust generally does not last longer than 200 million years. In the rock cycle, it is continuously created at oceanic ridges. At these ridges, hot magma rises into the crust and cools, pushing the crust apart at the ridge. The continuous formation of new oceanic crust pushes the older crust away from the mid-ocean ridge. As it moves away from the ridge, the crust becomes cooler and denser, while the sediment may build on top of it.




Continental crust

The continental crust is the layer of granitic, sedimentary, and metamorphic rocks which form the continents and the areas of shallow seabed close to their shores, known as continental shelves.

It consists mostly of feldspar and other sialic rocks. It is less dense than the material of the Earth's mantle, which consists of mafic rock. Continental crust is also less dense than oceanic crust, though it is considerably thicker; mostly 35 to 40 km versus the average oceanic thickness of around 7–10 km. About 40% of the Earth's surface lies on-top of continental crust.

The continental crust is separated from the oceanic crust by the continental margin.




List of cities in the United Kingdom

This is a List of cities in the United Kingdom. This list includes all places with city status.
<section end=pregrouptable />

Shift work

Shift work is a working practice which is designed to use all 24 hours of a day, and not only the standard working day hours.

A day for example can be divided into three eight-hour shifts. An employee only works one of the shifts in each day. The "first shift" is in the morning, the "second shift" is in the afternoon and evening and the "third shift" is overnight.

The "second shift", also known as the "swing shift" in some places, is the work shift which takes place in the afternoon and evening. It usually extends from 4 PM (16:00) to midnight, or from 3 PM (15:00) to 11 PM (23:00).

The "third shift", the "night shift", is usually from 11 PM (23:00) or 12-midnight (00:00) to 07:00 or 08:00 in the morning.

The World Health Organization (WHO) claimed in December 2007 that shift work might cause cancer but currently there is no evidence to support the claim

A study by Knutsson "et al." in 1986 showed that labors who work shift work in a production floor (papermill as per the research) for more than 15 years, are 3 times more likely to develop ischaemic heart diseases.

Étang Saumâtre

Étang Saumâtre (in English, "brackish pond") is the largest lake of Haiti. It is the second largest lake of Hispaniola, after Lake Enriquillo. It is also known as Lake Azuei. It is known as "Lago del Fondo" in the Dominican Republic. Its Taíno name was "Yainagua".

The lake is on the arid part of the Plain of the Cul-de-Sac. It is east of Port-au-Prince in the Ouest Department. Its eastern side is part of the border between Haiti and the Dominican Republic; the Dominican city of Jimaní is at less than 1 km from the southeast end of the lake.

The salt-water lake has a length, from northwest to southeast, of . Its maximum width is . The total area is .

The water of the lake is dark blue. Its salinity is about one fifth (1/5) the salinity of sea water. Very few small rivers flow into the lake.

Many water birds visit the lake to feed, including flamingos. There are also American crocodiles and some fishes including tilapia. Because it is an arid region, the vegetation around the lake is poor with cacti and small shrubs.

Grumman F6F Hellcat

The F6F Hellcat was a United States Navy fighter aircraft made by Grumman during World War II. It first flew in 1942 and was introduced in 1943. It was supposed to be a little bit better than the F4F Wildcat, but became a big improvement. It was more powerful and could turn better. It was made to fight the Japanese A6M Zero. It was able to take off of aircraft carriers. It was also used by the navy as a "night fighter", with radar so it could fly at night. During the war, it had the most aces fly it. It was retired in 1954.

The Hellcat was a rival to the Vought F4U Corsair and had more aerial victories and participated in more missions. The F6F was equipped with Browning Machine Guns, and had external fuel tanks for longer range. It had the same engine as the F4U. The armor of the Hellcat was better than that on other aircraft.

Notes

Grumman F4F Wildcat

The F4F Wildcat was a fighter aircraft made by Grumman. It first flew in 1937, and was introduced in 1940. It was used in the Pacific during the early years of World War II. It could take off from aircraft carriers. During the war, it mainly fought the A6M Zero. Because the Wildcat was not beating the Zero, a new airplane was made called the F6F Hellcat. The Wildcat continued to fight in places where the Hellcat was too big, and was retired in 1945.

Mitsubishi A6M Zero

The Mitsubishi A6M Zero, often called just the A6M Zero or simply the Zero was a long range carrier ship-based fighter aircraft of the Imperial Japanese Navy during World War II. The aircraft was built by Mitsubishi, making its first flight in 1939, and entering naval service in 1940.

The Mitsubishi A6M Zero was an amazing performing and nimble aircraft from the Japanese, most widely remembered for its performance in the Pacific War. The Mitsubishi A6M Zero (also known as ‘The Zero’) was a versatile fighter aircraft, usually used as ambush aircraft, bomber attackers and sometimes escorts. People would often rate the A6M a ‘Zero’ out of 10. 

It was the primary fighter used by Japan during the war. It was the primary enemy of US Naval aircraft such as the Grumman F4F Wildcat, Vought F4U Corsair, and later the Grumman F6F Hellcat, which was specifically designed to combat the Zero. The A6M Zero was the best fighter at the beginning of the Pacific war. However, late in the war, new American fighters were able to defeat it.


CONCACAF Champions League

The CONCACAF Champions League (originally called the CONCACAF Champions' Cup) is a football competition between the best club teams in North and Central America and the Caribbean. The teams are selected by the Central American and Caribbean Association of Football (the CONCACAF) because of their good performances in matches.

Confederation of North, Central American and Caribbean Association Football

The Confederation of North, Central American and Caribbean Association Football often referred to as just CONCACAF, is the organization that controls North, Central, and Caribbean football.



Mali Federation

The Mali Federation was a country in the west of Africa. Senegal and Mali came together and made this country. (Mali's name was French Sudan at that time). It started on April 4 1959 and it was controlled by France. However, it became independent on June 20 1960.

The Federation's prime minister was Modibo Keïta, and the government was in Dakar. The Federation ended a short time after independence because Senegal left on August 20 1960 because they had a disagreement about politics.

Value-added tax

Value-added tax (often called by its initial letters "VAT" or “V.A.T.”) is the English name of a tax that is added to things sold in the European Union. It is like a sales tax that is charged in some US States.

The tax is paid every time goods are sold.

The tax can be complicated to work out, because every business or person has to charge the tax, and have an to show they have paid some tax. The only person who pays the full amount of tax is the customer of the shop.

The government also charges VAT on some services. This is because some companies do not make a thing which can be used (goods) instead they do something to help a customer (that is, provide a service).

For example, a garage-owner might sell a spare part for a customer’s car. The garage-owner charges VAT because spare parts are “goods”. If the garage-owner helps the customer by fitting the spare parts into the car, the garage-owner would charge extra for his time, and would also charge VAT on the amount he charged for the service of fitting the parts.

VAT is not added to all products. Children's books and clothes do not have VAT.

Saxe-Coburg

Saxe-Coburg () was a country in today's Bavaria, Germany. It was part of the Duchy of Saxe-Coburg-Eisenach after the Division of Erfurt in 1572. In 1596 Saxe-Coburg-Eisenach was split, Johann Casimir got Saxe-Coburg and Johann Ernst got Saxe-Eisenach. When Casimir died in 1633, his brother Ernst of Saxe-Eisenach both countries until he died in 1638. Saxe-Coburg was then given to other Ernestine duchies.

It became again a duchy in 1681. From 1699, when Albrecht of Saxe-Coburg died without sons until 1735 it shared a ruler with the Duke of Saxe-Saalfeld. In 1735 the two duchies were merged as Saxe-Coburg-Saalfeld.



Deuterostome

Deuterostomes are a nephrozoan superphylum of bilaterian animals, a taxon above the level of phylum. It is not part of the usual system of classification.

They are bilateral animals, and are contrasted with the protostomes. Deuterostomes are distingued by their embryo: in deuterostomes, the first opening (the blastopore) becomes the anus, while in protostomes it becomes the mouth.

These are the living phyla of deuterostomes:
This is an extinct deuterostome clade:

Saxe-Coburg-Eisenach

Saxe-Coburg-Eisenach was one of the short lived Ernestine duchies. It only existed between 1572 - 1596 and again from 1633 - 1638. It was a part of the Holy Roman Empire, today it is within the federal states of Bavaria and Thuringia.

The duchy was created by the Division of Erfurt in 1572 when Coburg and Eisenach were split from the Duchy of Saxony-Weimar for Johann Casimir and Johann Ernst, the sons of Johann Friedrich II, the Middle.

The two princes at this time were still children, so the Elector August of Saxony was regent until 1586. This is when Johann Casimir and Johann Ernst becgan to rule the duchy. Johann Ernst retired to his hunting lodge in Marksühl, and in 1590 the two brothers divided the country. Johann Casimir kept Saxe-Coburg, and Johann Ernst took Saxe-Eisenach. Johann Casimir died in 1633so his brother Johann Ernst inherited his possessions, again were short and Coburg and Eisenach were reunited until Johann Ernst's death in 1638.

Johann Ernst also had no children, so the Saxe-Coburg-Eisenach line died out, out the territory was divided between the other Ernestine line.

Dennis Rader

Dennis Lynn Rader (born March 9, 1945 ) is an American serial killer. He murdered 10 people near Wichita, Kansas between 1974 and 1991. He was known as the BTK killer (or the BTK strangler). "BTK" stands for Bind, Torture, Kill. He was named this because that was what he did to the people he killed. Letters were written soon after the killings and sent to police and to local news outlets. They talked about the crimes. The letters had information which only the killer and police knew about the crimes. The letters stopped being sent for a long time. In 2004, they started being sent again. This led to him being located in 2005 and found guilty of the murders. Rader was sentenced to at least 175 years imprisonment.

Tom and Jerry Kids

Tom and Jerry Kids Show is a 1990 television series by Hanna-Barbera Studios. This follows Tom and Jerry as kids in their cat-and-mouse games. The show also contains segments featuring Droopy and his son Dripple (who would later star in their own short-lived spin-off, "Droopy, Master Detective"), Spike & Tyke (from the original "Tom & Jerry") and Blast-Off Buzzard (from "The CB Bears"). The original run lasted until 1994 when the show was canceled. In certain countries, the Tom & Jerry Kids shorts have aired separately on Boomerang until 2014.







Hannelore Kohl

Johanna Klara Eleonore "Hannelore" Kohl (née Renner; 7 March 1933 – 5 July 2001) was the wife of former German Chancellor Helmut Kohl (died 2017). She met him for the first time in Ludwigshafen, Germany, when she was 15 years old.

She was born in Berlin as Eleonore Johanna Renner, and later, she changed her first name to "Hannelore". When her husband was chancellor she set up the Hannelore Kohl "Stiftung" (that is the Hannelore Kohl Charity) and the Kuratorium ZNS, a foundation to help find a cure for illnesses of the central nervous system.

In 1945, when she was 12, she was raped by Red Army soldiers.

On 5 July 2001, Mrs Kohl was found dead in her home in Ludwigshafen. She had apparently committed suicide with an overdose of sleeping pills. She was said to have suffered from photo allergy (sunlight burns the skin).

However, journalist Andrew Gimson, writing in "The Spectator" questioned official version of events, and so did the German newsmagazine, "Stern" and the BBC.

Kohl is known for her collection of German-style cooking recipes, "Kulinarische Reise durch Deutsche Länder" ("Culinary Journey through German Regions"), published in 1996.


Amber Benson

Amber Nicole Benson(born January 8, 1977) is an American actress, writer, movie director, and movie producer. She is best known for her role as "Tara Maclay", on the TV series "Buffy the Vampire Slayer".

Benson was born in Birmingham, Alabama. She had a mixed Christian and Jewish upbringing.

While still working on "Buffy the Vampire Slayer", Benson wrote, directed, produced, edited, and acted in a movie called "Chance" (2002). The movie also featured her "Buffy" co-star James Marsters. After her time on Buffy, Benson began working on a series of animated movies for the BBC with co-creator Christopher Golden and animation company Cosgrove Hall. "Ghosts of Albion: Legacy" (2003) and its sequels are available on the BBC Cult website (http://www.bbc.co.uk/cult/ghosts/legacy/). In 2006, Benson released her second movie "Lovers, Liars and Lunatics" through her own production company, Benson Entertainment. The movie was partly paid for by the sale of special action figures of her character Tara from the "Buffy" episode "Triangle".

Benson also writes novels and comic books. She usually writes these with Christopher Golden. In 2003, Benson worked with Golden, Terry Moore, and Eric Powell of Dark Horse Comics to create the "Buffy the Vampire Slayer: Willow and Tara" comic book titled "WannaBlessedBe". During the same year, she worked with Christopher Golden and AJ (Ajit Jothikaumar) of Dark Horse Comics to create the "Buffy the Vampire Slayer: Willow and Tara" comic books titled "Wilderness #1" and "Wilderness #2". In 2005, Benson worked with artist Jamie McKelvie on a short story for the Image Comics collection "Four Letter Worlds". In 2006, Benson worked with artist Ben Templesmith on "Demon Father John’s Pinwheel Blues" published by IDW. Benson and Golden have also worked together on two supernatural thrillers: "Ghosts of Albion: Accursed" and "Ghosts of Albion: Witchery". These books follow the stories of Tamara and William Swift, characters from the BBC computer animated web movie "Ghosts of Albion: Legacy". In September 2007, Benson signed a three-book deal with Penguin Books. The first book is believed to be titled "Death's Daughter".

In 2003, she worked with director James Kerwin to produce her play, "Albert Hall", in Hollywood.

Benson sang in the "Buffy the Vampire Slayer" musical episode "Once More, With Feeling". She sang on the songs "I've Got a Theory / Bunnies / If We're Together", "Under Your Spell" (her solo), "Walk Through the Fire", "Standing/Under Your Spell (Reprise)" and "Where Do We Go From Here?" She also sang "Toucha Toucha Touch Me" (aka "Creature of the Night") at VH-1's celebrity karaoke tribute to The Rocky Horror Picture Show.

On the November 11, 2000 episode of the radio show "Loveline", Amber (at age 23) said that she did not have a driver's license, that her mother drove her to the studio. As of 2007, Benson resides in Los Angeles, California. She is a vegetarian.







Walter Scheel

Walter Scheel (8 July 1919 – 24 August 2016) was a German politician (FDP).

Scheel was born in Solingen.
During World War II, he became a member of the Nazi Party and served in the Luftwaffe, the last years of the war as a Radar operator on a Me 110 night fighter.

He was federal minister of economic cooperation and development (1961–1966), but he persuaded the FDP to leave Ludwig Erhard's coalition government in late 1966. This forced elections in Germany, and Kurt Georg Kiesinger became chancellor.

In 1969 his party formed a new coalition with the Social Democrats. He became Foreign Minister and Vice Chancellor. With Willy Brandt his foreign policy meant the Federal Republic of Germany promised not to try and get back the parts of Germany given to Poland and the USSR. The treaty with Poland actually defined the western border of Poland, not the border between Poland and Germany. It is the same thing, but meant Poland could sign a treaty with West Germany that described the border of East Germany.

When Brandt resigned on 7 May 1974, Scheel, was acting chancellor, for about a week, until Helmut Schmidt was elected Chancellor.

A few weeks later, Scheel was elected Federal President of West Germany, a post he held from July 1974 until June 1979.

Like most ex German presidents, Scheel retired from political life term ended. He sometimes appeared on political talk shows or events. At the funeral of the murdered businessman Hanns Martin Schleyer in October 1977, Scheel gave a speech entitled "shame".

Scheel died on 24 August 2016 following a long illness. Having lived to he holds the record as the longest-lived German head of state, either imperial or elected.

Norman Mailer

Norman Kingsley Mailer (January 31, 1923 – November 10, 2007) was an American writer and journalist. He was born in Long Branch, New Jersey and raised in Brooklyn, New York City.

Along with Truman Capote, Joan Didion, and Tom Wolfe, Mailer writes creative nonfiction, sometimes called New Journalism, but which covers the essay to the nonfiction novel. He was awarded the Pulitzer Prize twice and the National Book Award once on his journalism career. In 1955, Mailer, along with Ed Fancher and Dan Wolf, first published "The Village Voice", which was shown to the Greenwich Village. In 2005, he won the Medal for Distinguished Contribution to American Letters from The National Book Foundation.

Mailer died of renal failure in New York City.


The Lion King

The Lion King is an animated movie made by Disney in 1994. It was the most successful animated movie of the 1990s. The movie is about a young lion prince who learns about his role as king and in the circle of life. 

It is dedicated to Frank Wells. Wells was the president of The Walt Disney Company. He died in a helicopter accident shortly before the movie was released into theaters. The movie was the first full-length Disney movie with no human characters since "Bambi". 

Most of the voice acting was done by well-known actors. This includes Matthew Broderick, Nathan Lane, James Earl Jones, Jeremy Irons, Whoopi Goldberg, Cheech Marin, Rowan Atkinson, Jonathan Taylor Thomas and Frank Welker.

"The Lion King" is a musical. The music for the songs was written by Elton John. The lyrics were written by Tim Rice. Computer animation was used a lot to make the movie.

Many animals and birds gather to see Simba, who had just been born. Simba is the son of Mufasa and Sarabi, the King and Queen of the Pridelands (an area ruled by lions). The animals celebrate and rejoice. Scar, Mufasa's brother, is jealous because Simba will be king instead of him when Mufasa dies.

Scar lies to Simba about a called the Elephant Graveyard. Scar says that only brave lions go there. Simba and his best friend Nala find the Elephant Graveyard. They are chased by the three Hyaenas (their names are Shenzi, Banzai and Ed). Mufasa saves Simba and Nala and takes them both home. Mufasa talks to Simba alone. He explains to Simba that being brave is not about looking for danger.

Scar is angry with the hyenas because they did not kill Simba. It is shown that the hyenas are working for Scar. They plan to kill Simba and Mufasa so that Scar can become king and the hyenas can help him rule over the animals.

The next day, Scar takes Simba into a gorge. Scar has actually planned a wildebeest stampede. Simba is trapped in the gorge as the wildebeest run towards him. Scar tells Mufasa that Simba is in trouble. Mufasa rescues Simba but is left hanging on a cliff. Scar then throws Mufasa into the stampede and Mufasa dies. Scar blames Simba for the death of Mufasa and Simba runs away. 

Scar becomes king and tells everyone that Simba and Mufasa are dead. Simba runs to a desert and collapses. He is rescued by Timon the meerkat and Pumbaa the warthog. Timon and Pumbaa live in the jungle. Timon and Pumbaa look after Simba until Simba is an adult lion.

One day a female lion comes to the jungle and tries to kill and eat Pumbaa. Simba fights the lioness. Simba finds out that the other lion is his friend Nala. They are very happy to see each other and they fall in love. Nala wants Simba to go home and fight Scar because Scar is a bad king. Simba does not want go home because he thinks that he killed Mufasa. 

Rafiki comes to the jungle and takes Simba to a field. In the sky above the field, Mufasa's ghost appears and tells Simba that he must go home because Simba is the true king. After this Simba goes home. Nala, Timon and Pumbaa follow him. When they get there, they see that the land is dry and the animals have gone because the hyenas have destroyed the food chain (Scar let them).

Nala gathers all of the lions and they fight Scar's hyenas. Simba attacks Scar. Scar does not want to die and so he lies to Simba that the hyenas are to blame for everything. This angers the hyenas and they attack and eat Scar alive. Rain starts to pour and the circle of life is restored.

The movie was also made into an award-winning stage musical. The stage show first opened on November 13, 1997 in New York City. It has been a big success. A version opened later in London, England. It is one of the United Kingdom's biggest and most popular shows. Many other shows of "The Lion King" have been shown across the world.

This movie has a sequel called "".

In 2019, a computer animated remake was released.


Singing voices
Frank Welker provided most of the lion roars, as well as the vocal effects for the hyenas and the wildebeests. In addition, Cathy Cavadini, Judi Durand, Bill Farmer, John Fiedler, Daamen Krall, David McCharen, Mickie McGowan, Linda Phillips, Phil Proctor, David Randolph and Tara Strong provided additional voices.



When the movie was released, it was the most successful movie worldwide. It was behind "Forrest Gump" as most successful in the United States that year. The movie was the most successful animated feature movie of all time until "Finding Nemo". , the movie has earned with over 1 billion dollars worldwide.
"The Lion King" received many award nominations. These include the Academy Award for Best Original Score (by Hans Zimmer) and the Golden Globe award for Best Motion Picture – Musical or Comedy. It won both. The song "Can You Feel the Love Tonight" by Elton John and Tim Rice won the Academy Award for Best Original Song, the Golden Globe for Best Original Song, the BMI Film Music Award, and the Grammy Award for Best Vocal Performance Male.

Other awards include:


"The Lion King" was so successful that Disney created a sequel called "" and a television series called "The Lion King's Timon and Pumbaa". A second sequel, "The Lion King 1½", was released on February 10, 2004. A preschool series called The Lion Guard was released on Disney Junior.

"The Lion King" had a special edition that was released in IMAX cinemas.

In one scene of the movie, it looks as if animators had accidentally written the word "sex" into some of the frames of animation, but that was a word that was vulgar and indicates sexual promiscuity. However, they wanted to show the letters "SFX" (meaning "special effects"). Because of that, in "The Lion King" DVD the word has been taken out. Now, the word now reads correctly as "SFX".

"Kimba the White Lion" is an animated television program from the 1960s. It was made in Japan by Osamu Tezuka. Some characters and parts of the story in "The Lion King" are similar to "Kimba the White Lion" but Disney has said that it was not done on purpose.

In one scene with Timon and Pumbaa, they both sing "The Lion Sleeps Tonight". This has caused problems between Disney and the family of South African Solomon Linda, who composed the song (originally titled "Mbube") in 1939. In July 2004, the family went to court, seeking $1.6 million in royalties from Disney. In February 2006, Linda's family reached a legal settlement with Abilene Music, who held the worldwide rights and had let Disney us the song.

Upon its release, some critics complained that the hyenas in the movie were negative (bad) racial stereotypes of African-American people and Hispanic people.

In August 2007, the Hamas terrorist group made an animated propaganda movie that made fun of the style of "The Lion King". The programme was shown on their television station, "Al-Aqsa TV". Hamas was shown as a lion that chased and killed rats that looked like members of the secular Fatah group in Gaza. The programme was shown for a short time but was taken off the air for changes.



Kelly Osbourne

Kelly Michelle Lee Osbourne (born 27 October 1984, in London) is an English singer and actress. She is the daughter of the singer Ozzy Osbourne.

Osborne is one of the co-presenters in the E! programme "Fashion Police". She also presents a programme on BBC Radio 1 called "The Surgery" on Sunday evening. Her duet song with her father, singer Ozzy Osbourne, "Changes", received much praise.


Marie-Antoine Carême

Marie Antoine (Antonin) Carême (8 June 1784 – 12 January 1833), was a French chef and author. 

He is well known for greatly simplifying and writing about the style of cooking known as "haute cuisine", the high art of French cooking. He was known as "chef of kings and king of chefs", because he cooked for royalty, and is often thought of as the first celebrity chef.

Carême was born Paris, but was abandoned in 1792 because his parents were very poor. He worked as a kitchen boy at a cheap Paris cafe in exchange for a room and food. In 1798, he was apprenticed to Sylvain Bailly, a famous "pâtissier" (cake baker) with a shop near the Palais-Royal.

Carême gained fame in Paris for his cake centrepieces, which Bailly put in the pâtisserie window. The centerpieces were sometimes several feet high, and were only made out of foodstuffs such as sugar, marzipan, and pastry. He modelled them on temples, pyramids, and ancient ruins which he read about in the books he studied at the French national library (Bibliothéque Nationale). Some of his sugar works were so strong that court jesters could dance on them to entertain the king.

Carême also worked for other people, for example the French diplomat and gourmand Charles Maurice de Talleyrand-Périgord, and other members of Parisian high society, including Napoleon. When he worked in the private kitchens he quickly learned about main courses.

Napoleon was not interested in having fancy food, but he knew of social contacts that were important for diplomats. In 1804, he gave Talleyrand money to buy Château de Valençay. When Talleyrand moved there, he took Carême with him.

Carême was set a test by Talleyrand: he had to create a whole year’s worth of menus, without repeating them, and use only food that was in season. Carême passed the test and finished his training in Talleyrand's kitchens. When Napoléon was defeated Carême went to London for a time and served as "chef de cuisine" to the Prince Regent, later George IV. He returned to Europe to work for Czar Alexander I in St. Petersburg, before returning to Paris, where he was chef to banker James Mayer Rothschild.

He died in Paris at the age of 48, and is buried in the Cimetière de Montmartre in Montmartre.

Talleyrand encouraged Carême to start a new refined style of eating.

Carême's is said to have started "service à la russe" (serving each course in the order printed on the menu) instead of "service à la française" (serving all dishes at once) 



X Window System

The X Window System is a set of protocols and programs. It is also known as X11, or simply X. It can manage windows, and other components of a graphical user interface (GUI) on a bitmap display. This way of doing graphics is most common in Unix-like operating systems.

X provides the basic components to build GUI environments: drawing and moving windows on the screen and interacting with a mouse or a keyboard. X does not say what the user interface should look likedifferent client programs handle this. Different X11-based environments have radically different designs. X is not a part of the operating system; instead, it is built as an additional program on top of the operating system.

Unlike display protocols from before, X was specifically designed to be used over network connections rather than on a display near the computer. X has network transparency: the machine where an application program (the "client" application) runs need not be the user's local machine (the display "server").

X was developed at MIT in 1984. The current protocol version, X11, appeared in September 1987. The X.Org Foundation leads the X project, with the current reference implementation, version 11 release 7.7 (6 June 2012), available as free software under the MIT License and similar permissive licenses.

Mammaliaformes

Mammaliaformes ("mammal-like") is a clade which contains the mammals and their closest extinct relatives.

Living members of the clade include the monotremes (Monotremata), marsupials (Marsupialia) and the eutherians (Placentalia).

Mammaliforms have highly specialized molar teeth, with cusps and flat regions for grinding food. This is a single inherited system in present mammals, but it seems to have evolved convergently in pre-mammals more than once. Instead of having many teeth that are frequently replaced, mammals have one set of baby teeth and later one set of adult teeth which fit together precisely. This may help to grind food, and make it easier to digest.

Lactation (milk) and fur, along with other features, also characterize the Mammaliaformes, though these traits are difficult to study in the fossil record. The fossilized remains of "Castorocauda lutrasimilis" are an exception to this.

Fossils of Mesozoic proto-mammals are scarce. There were only 116 in 1979, but this has changed in recent times. There were about 310 in 2007, with an increase in quality: there are "at least 18 Mesozoic mammals [with] nearly complete skeletons".

There is still some truth in the "small, nocturnal insectivores" stereotype, but recent finds show that proto-mammals gradually developed a variety of lifestyles. For example:


This paints a picture of small-sized mammals being already quite successful and diversified in the Jurassic and early Cretaceous.

In some sources Class Mammalia takes the place of Mammaliaformes, and includes all members of that clade.


Pineal gland

The pineal gland is a small endocrine gland in the middle of the brain of humans and other vertebrates. It makes and releases the hormone named melatonin.

There is almost no melatonin in the blood in the daytime. At the end of the day, melatonin in the blood allows sleepiness in humans and other animals which sleep at night. There is melatonin in the blood all night, while the person or animal is sleeping. In the morning, there is less and less melatonin in the blood. When light enters the eyes, the melatonin of the blood goes away.

Some people have circadian rhythm sleep disorders which make them sleepy much earlier or much later than normal. The most common one is Delayed Sleep-Phase Disorder (DSPD, or Delayed Sleep-Phase Syndrome, DSPS). People with DSPD usually go to bed at 3 in the morning or later but they sleep normally for at least eight hours.


Gamma-Hydroxybutyric acid

γ-Hydroxybutyric acid (gamma-Hydroxybutyric acid, commonly shortened to GHB) is a chemical substance. Small quantities of it can be found in the central nervous system of many animals. It can also be discovered in wine, beef and small citrus fruits. 

In the central nervous system, GHB interacts with other neurotransmitters, such as gamma-Aminobutyric acid (GABA). 

Many countries have regulated it as an illegal drug, even though it can be used in medicine. It can be used as an anesthetic, and a sedative. In the past it has been used to treat insomnia and depression. It can also help people who have a problem with alcoholism or cataplexy. In patients with narcolepsy it has been used to treat sleepiness during the day. Athletes have used it to make their performance better.

The drug has been used as a recreational drug. This is because it can make a person euphoric. Many countries have made it illegal if it is not used as medicine. Its most common name as an illegal drug is probably liquid Ecstasy. However, ecstasy is a different drug that is unrelated to GHB.

GHB is naturally produced in the human body's cells. Its chemical structure is similar to that of ketone body beta-hydroxybutyrate. As a supplement or drug, it is used most as a salt. GHB is also produced as a result of fermentation. Small amounts of the substance can be found in some beers and wines. 

GHB can cause 'GHB comas'. This is when people faint or become unconscious. This is what causes most deaths.

GHB is a depressant of the central nervous system. Its effects have been described as similar to those of alcohol or ecstasy. People feel in a good mood. They also lower their inhibitions. If the dose is increased, the symptoms include nausea, drowsiness, breathing problems, amnesia, unconsciousness and death. The effects of GHB last between 1.5 and 3 hours, but may be longer. The effects when alcohol is used together with GHB, can last longer than 3 hours.

Certain substances called "pro-drugs", are changed to GHB in the stomach. One such drug, is gamma-butyrolactone. Such products are also a problem. Lots of them are used in industrial processes. An example of this are paint strippers. What is fine for use in industry may be bad for humans.

Some street names, especially when mixed with other substances such as amphetamines, can be Soap, Water, Salty water, Blue water, and Grievous Bodily Harm.

Reichsmark

The Reichsmark (which was shown with the symbol RM) was the currency in Germany from 1924 until June 20, 1948. One Reichsmark was subdivided into 100 "Reichspfennig".


Plum (color)

Plum is a color similar to purple. The name comes from the fruit called a plum.

The first written use of "plum" as a color name in English was in 1805.


Co-operative Party

The Co-operative Party is a small centre-left political party in the United Kingdom that supports cooperative ideas and values. Its candidates must be members of the Labour Party as well, and stand as "Labour and Co-operative Party" candidates.

It is the political part of the wider British co-operative movement, and all members of the party must be members of a co-operative business. Those who want to stand for election must also be members of the Labour Party.

Most of the party’s money is from grants made by the retail co-operative societies, and from the fee charged for managing the political affairs of Co-operatives UK, formerly known as the Co-operative Union. Local parties are not based on constituencies, but around a major local retail society, which gives most of the money a local Party Council has. The Party council organises local branches to organise local activity and liaise with Constituency Labour Parties. Some Parties exist without Society support, known as voluntary parties.

At first the Co-operative Party was mostly concerned with the problems of the co-op movement. Since the 1930s it has become a more mainstream political, but it still wants better recognition and protection for co-operative business, the social economy, and to advance support for co-operatives and co-operation across Europe and the developing world. The party also stands for a sustainable economy and society.

In 2005 there were 29 MPs in the Co-operative Parliamentary Group, who are also members of the Parliamentary Labour Party in the British House of Commons, 8 Members of the Scottish Parliament, 4 Members of the Welsh Assembly and 11 Members of the House of Lords, as well as over 700 local councillors. There is also an informal Co-operative Party group in the European Parliament.

The election agreement between the Co-operative and Labour Parties means that 30 candidates can stand as "Labour Co-operative" candidates, and get money for election expenses from the Co-operative Party. There are many other Labour MPs who are Co-operative Party members but are not sponsored. One of these was Gareth Thomas MP, chair of the Co-operative Party since 2001 and of the Co-operative Congress in 2003, who was invited to join the parliamentary group in 2003. The Party has not registered a logo with the electoral commission for use on ballot papers, as candidates use the Labour Party "Rose" logo. Under UK law a party and a logo must be registered if either are to be used on a ballot paper in an election

The Party holds an annual conference. The 2006 conference was held in Sheffield in September 2006.

The current General Secretary is Michael Stephenson.

The "Joint Parliamentary Committee" was set up in 1881 by The Co-operative Union. It was not set up to get MPs elected, but to watch over what was happening in parliament, and to lobby sympathetic MPs. The Co-operative Union Annual Congress tried to get a regular party set up but the retail societies would not give any money.

At the start of the war, the many retail societies in the Co-op movement grew, partly because they were very public about "anti-profiteering". Making a large profit in war time was seen as not being patriotic or helping the country. When conscription (men were ordered into the army) was started and food and fuel supplies restricted, the co-op societies began to suffer. The co-ops were started by ordinary workers, but the government distribution committees and draft tribunals were usually run by members of the upper classes and gentry. Co-ops smaller amounts of food to sell, and coop managers were often drafted, whereas business opponents were able to have even clerks declared vital for the war effort. Co-op Societies were also made to pay "excess profits tax" even though as co-operatives they made no profits.

The 1917 Congress in Swansea decided to set up a Co-operative Party, the decision was passed by 1979 votes to 201.

An Emergency Political Conference was held on 18 October 1917. As a result, the "Central Co-operative Parliamentary Representation Committee" was formed in 1917, with the objective of putting co-operators into the House of Commons. This was soon renamed the Co-operative Party.

At first the party put forward its own candidates. The first was H J May, later Secretary of the International Co-operative Alliance. He was unsuccessful at the 1918 Prestwich by-election.

Ten people stood in the 1918 general election. One candidate was elected: Alfred Waterson who became a Member of Parliament for the Kettering seat. Waterson took the Labour whip in Parliament. In 1919, 151 Co-operative Party local councillors. Waterson retired from Parliament in 1922, but four new Co-operative MPs were elected that same year, including A.V. Alexander. All of them took the Labour whip. Six were elected in 1923 and five in 1924.

However, since the 1927 Cheltenham Agreement, the party has had an electoral agreement with the Labour Party, which allows for a limited number of "Labour Co-operative" candidates. This means that the parties do not waste resources by opposing each other. The agreement has been changed several times, most recently in 2003. The 2003 agreement was the first between the Labour Party and the Co-operative Party, instead of the Co-operative Societies. After the first formal agreement, nine Labour Co-op MPs were elected at the 1929 general election, and Alexander was made a cabinet minister. However, only one was returned at the 1931 election against the backdrop of a massive defeat for Labour.

The Labour party recovered from the bad election of 1931 and was in government during World War II. This helped the Co-operative Party through the formal election links.. In 1945, 23 Labour Co-op MPs were elected and two had high office in the Labour government - Alexander and Alfred Barnes, who had been chair of the Party.

After the war the co-operative movement declined and so did the influence of the Party. By 1983 only eight Labour Co-op MPs were elected. However, in 1997, all 23 candidates won seats in Parliament and, in 2001, only one was defeated, Faye Tinnion who had stood against the Leader of the Conservative Party, William Hague. Gordon Brown is very interested in the co-operative principles of self-help, and this support allowed the co-operative movement to make representations, and sponsor important bills on updating company law, employee share ownership and micro-generation of energy.



See and List of Labour Co-operative Members of Parliament for wider lists.

Nicholas Russell, the 6th Earl Russell (and grandson of the philosopher, 3rd Earl Bertrand Russell) is a strong supporter of the Co-operative Party and secretary of its Waltham Forest branch; he is vocal in his call for the abolition of the House of Lords.



Bánica

The Dominican city of San Francisco de Bánica, or simply Bánica, is a municipality of the Elías Piña province, on the border with Haiti and near the River Artibonite.

The name Bánica comes from the Taíno name of the region, Banique ("land of ebony trees").

The municipality had, in 2010, a total population of 2,112: 1,043 men and 1,069 women. The urban population was of the total population.

The town was founded in 1504 by Diego Velázquez, who later went to conquest the island of Cuba, on the left side of the Artibonite river. It was an important town in those years but later it lost its importance. In the 18th century, the Spanish government moved the city to its present place, away from the river, and brought families from the Canary Islands to live there.

When the Haitian independence, most of the people moved to other places. When the Haitians occupied the eastern part of the island (the present Dominican Republic), they founded again the town as part of the Artibonite department.

After the Dominican Independence in 1844, the town was made a municipality of the Azua province. But again the town was abandoned by its inhabitants. After the "Restoration War" (1863 - 1865), some families from other towns near the Haitian border came to live in Bánica.

Bánica was made a municipality of the San Juan province in 1938 and then, in 1942, of the new province of Elías Piña.

Bánica is at to the west of Santo Domingo and to the northeast of Comendador.

The limits of the municipality are the municipality of Pedro Santana to the north, the San Juan province to the east, the municipality of Comendador to the south and Haiti to the west.

The average daily temperature in the city is 25.4 °C.

The municipality of Bánica has two municipal districts; these are:

The main economic activity of the municipality is farming. Commerce with Haiti is also an important economic activity in the city.


Quillaja saponaria

Soap bark tree ("Quillaja saponaria") is a tree of the family "Quillajaceae". In commerce, it is known as Panama wood. The tree grows naturally from warm temperate central Chile north to Bolivia and Peru. It can grow to to high. The Soap bark tree gets its name because the inner bark can be made into a powder which can be used as soap. Its compounds are also used as foam in beer and other drinks. The tree also has medicinal uses. 
Quillay is an evergreen tree, with grey bark. Alternate leaves, glaber, acute apex and obtuse base, bright green, near entire margins with 4-8 teeth. Flowers light green or white, hermaphrodite, pentamer, radiate. Five petals, 5 sepals, 10 stamens and 5 pistils. Fruit: a star-shape capsule, with winged seeds.

Clarence E. Anderson

Clarence Emil "Bud" Anderson (born January 13, 1922) is a retired officer in the United States Air Force, a triple ace of World War II, and the highest scoring living American fighter ace. During the war he was the highest scoring flying ace in his P-51 Mustang squadron. Towards the end of Anderson's two combat tours in Europe in 1944 he was promoted to major at 22, a young age even for a highly effective officer in wartime. After the war Anderson became a well regarded fighter test pilot, and a fighter squadron and wing commander. He served his wing commander tour in combat in the Vietnam War. He retired as a full colonel in 1972, after which he worked in flight test management for McDonnell Douglas. A member of the National Aviation Hall of Fame, Anderson has remained a sought-after speaker at aviation and military events well into his 90s.

On December 2, 2022, Anderson was promoted to the honorary rank of brigadier general by Gen. CQ Brown Jr., the Air Force chief of staff at the Aerospace Museum of Oklahoma 

Wild Weasel

A Wild Weasel is a nickname for an aircraft in the United States Air Force that is supposed to destroy enemy anti-aircraft guns, surface-to-air missiles, and other ground attack weapons by seeking them out with radar and destroying them with missiles.

The idea was first thought of in 1965 during the Vietnam War, because North Vietnamese surface-to-air missiles, or "SAMs" were destroying American aircraft. The first Wild Weasel airplane was the , a variant of the F-86 Sabre. In 1966, the F-105 Thunderchief took the job.

After that, a new kind of F-4 Phantom IIs, the "G" model was used as a Wild Weasel. During the Gulf War of 1991, Wild Weasel missions were done by the F4-G and not theF-16 Fighting Falcon, a light fighter-bomber that can also battle enemy fighter aircraft. Currently, the F-16CJ does this. They were being used in the Iraq War.

In the Vietnam War, the main missile used by Wild Weasels was the . Currently, some of the weapons used by the Wild Weasel planes includes the and the air-to-ground missiles. They can also have ALQ-131 and ALQ-184 pods that can mess up enemy radar.

Republic F-105 Thunderchief

The F-105 Thunderchief was a bomber during the Vietnam War. It first flew in 1955, and was introduced in 1958. It was used as a bomber, but was later replaced by the F-4 Phantom II and the F-111 Raven. But it was still in service for a while as a Wild Weasel. It could carry an electronic counter-measures pod that could mess up the enemy radar.

Labour Co-operative

Labour Co-operative or Labour and Co-operative is the name used in the United Kingdom to describe politicians who are elected as members of the Co-operative Party.

The electoral agreement between the Labour Party and the Co-operative Party says that the Co-operative Party candidates must be members of the Labour Party as well.

Heraldic badge

A heraldic badge is not a part of an armiger's achievement of arms, but it is granted by the same body.

The badge is designed to be used by the supporters of an armiger. A mediaeval knight would be granted arms by letter patent, but his supporters or followers would not be allowed to display that achievement, instead they would use a badge to help identify themselves to each other and to other people.

Today, many English towns and cities have an achievement of arms. Usually the mayor and council are the only ones allowed to used the full coat of arms. The departments of the council use a badge, and it is the badge which is painted on council vehicles etc. to identify them.

Badges, like the arms, can only be used with the permission of the person to whom they were granted.

The "Prince of Wales's Feathers" is the badge of the heir apparent of the British monarch. The badge is used because the coats of arms of the prince and the monarch are very similar.

Postal code

A Postal code is a series of numbers or letters and numbers used by a post office to help identify where a letter or parcel should be sent.
The code can be read by machines, this speeds up sorting mail.

In the United Kingdom the first part of the post code has one or two letters and one or two numbers. This identifies the post town and an area in the post town. The second part is used to identify an even smaller area, down to just one street or a few house in a long street.

The post town is the main town in an area. Sometimes this is a lot bigger than the real town. Ipswich, for example is the post town for most of east Suffolk.

In Europe most postal codes are all numbers. Often the one or two letter country code is put in front of the code to make sure that towns and cities are not mixed up, or for international post.

In France the first two numbers of the postal code relate to the department. Codes for Monaco start with 98 as if it was part of France, but has the letters "MC" instead of "F" for international mail.


Bethlehem Housing Authority

The Bethlehem Housing Authority (BHA) provides social housing in Bethlehem, Pennsylvania.

The Bethlehem Housing Authority was formed in 1939. Its job was to build houses for the people living in Bethlehem, which is a city in eastern Pennsylvania.

The National Housing Act (1937) was one of President Franklin Delano Roosevelt's first tries to make better the living conditions of Americans badly affected by the Great Depression of the 1930s. Bethlehem's Housing Authority was one of the first in the nation. Robert Nuemeyer became the Authority's first executive director in 1939. BHA's first board consisted of chairman (and mayor) Robert Pfeifle, Weir Jepson, Merritt Kreidler, Lt. Colonel William Coyle and Andrew W. Litzenberger.

The first thing the BHA built was "low-income public housing". That means the houses were built for people who did not earn a lot of money, and they were not built to be sold to make money. The new houses were called Pembroke Village. They were on reclaimed farmland in the northeast part of the city. This area was near the border with the boroughs of Freemansburg, Steel City and Bethlehem Township.

Pembroke Village was planned to have 202 houses or apartments, and a community building/office. At about this time, the US entered into World War II. The war meant there was very little building in the US. But Bethlehem Steel's factory was more or less turned over completely toward providing goods for the war effort. Thousands of workers were brought into Bethlehem to help the plant work for 24 hours a day. This meant a lot of houses were needed in the city. The government and the housing authority got extra land and built three communities as "temporary war housing". 700 homes for these workers were built at Parkridge, South Terrace and Clearfield. Pembroke Village was hurried to completion and its 202 units were set aside as "permanent war housing", meaning that at the end of the war, Pembroke would revert to low-income housing, while the others would be demolished.

After the end of WWII, Bethlehem had another housing crisis. Men were leaving the armed forces and going back home. From about the start of 1946, the population of the United States increased greatly. In Bethlehem the city population increased from 50,000 to 75,000 by 1960.

This meant that a lot of affordable housing was needed. The BHA decided to keep the Parkridge, South Terrace and Clearfield units and use them as public housing.

The BHA also planned to build another 500 - 600 units next to Pembroke on a former family farm along Pembroke Road. These buildings would increase Bethlehem's public housing stock to more than 1,400 units.

By June 1950, firms had offered to build Fairmount for $962,000.00. By the end of the year, the Marvine Village bid was also approved for $3.9 million. A lot of the Fairmount project was paid for by the State of Pennsylvania. It stayed part of the state's housing inventory until the late 1970s.

By 1952, Mr. Nuemeyer became ill and stepped down. He was replaced by Ralph J. Bartholomew, who was a longtime member of the banking community. During Mr. Bartholomew's tenure, the housing authority started an expansion program designed to help the growing needs of the elderly population.

In 1962, BHA showed plans for its first development designed for older people. The "Robert Pfeifle Homes", was a 50 unit community in the northeast area. It had ten buildings.
They were among the very first of their type in the United States. In the next ten years, the BHA would design and build more public housing for seniors, including the "Litzenberger House", the "Bodder Building" and the "Bartholomew Building" and the "Monocacy Tower". BHA www.bha645.com now has some 450 apartments to serve the older adults in need of affordable housing.

At around this time, Mr. Bartholomew died and his successor was brought in from the Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD). Frank V. Loretti, with a background in labor relations became the BHA's third director.

Frank Loretti wanted to modernize the way the authority worked and was organized. He wanted to use computers for the authority's records and other functions. In addition, the board wanted to begin an authority-wide building modernization program.

During this time a plan was formulated to address the authority's aging infrastructure. The war-time era South Terrace, Parkridge and Clearfield projects were demolished. South Terrace and Parkridge were rebuilt between 1985 and 1991 and all other buildings were modernized, using capital fund money, which was made available by the federal government.

Also during this period, various management functions were centralized for greater organization and efficiency. The maintenance shops were also centralized within one modern facility in 1978. A Central Supply facility was dedicated in 1977.

The current executive director is Clara A. Kendy (2004). Today, BHA's challenge is similar to all other housing agencies. Federal subsidy reductions of up to 15% have caused housing authorities to become leaner and to look toward innovation in order to succeed.

BHA has several new ideas, including homeownership initiatives where the authority connects eligible tenants with opportunities to help them own their own home. One such example is a partnership with Habitat For Humanity. Economic self-sufficiency is a goal that BHA continuously tries to help its residents achieve.

Today, the Bethlehem Housing Authority manages 1,430 conventional housing units within ten developments serving the city of Bethlehem. In addition, there are nearly 500 Housing Choice Vouchers available for eligible families. HCV was formerly known as "Section 8" housing. The authority also has various recreational and social programs for tenants of all ages.

In 2007, BHA's new First Tee Golf Learning program received a national merit award, recognizing it as an innovative recreation/learning program for children. During its 70th anniversary in 2009, it proudly broke ground for a brand new community in northeast Bethlehem. The first "Bayard Homes" will be rented during the first months of the year (2011).


Surgeon

A surgeon is a medical practitioner who is qualified to practice surgery.

Les Six

Les Six (pronounced "Le sees") is French for "The Six". Les Six were a group of six French composers who were friends around the year 1920. They were young at the time, and they shared a lot of ideas about music. The composer Erik Satie called them "Les Nouveaux Jeunes", but then a man called Henri Collet called them "Les Six" in an article he was writing, and that name was always used for them after that.

In their music they tried to be different from Richard Wagner and other composers of Romantic music, and different from Debussy and Ravel who had been writing Impressionistic music. They also wanted to write in a simple way instead of using complicated rhythms such as those of Stravinsky or twelve tone music like Arnold Schoenberg. Many of their pieces were quite short. They liked strong, masculine music, especially jazz. 

The six composers did not stay together for very long as they soon developed their own personal styles in their compositions.


It was really only in 1920 that all six composers were together. They had all been inspired by Jean Cocteau and Eric Satie. By 1921 Louis Durey had already left the group. Les Six continued to be associated with the style of French music from around the 1920s. They still remained friends, and used to visit a bar known as "La Gaya" which became "Le Boeuf sur le Toit" (The Ox on the Roof): the title of Milhaud's ballet. The group published an album of piano pieces together called "Album des Six". Five of the members worked together on the music for Cocteau's work "Les Mariés de la Tour Eiffel" 

The name "The Six" was a reference to the group of Russian composers who had been known as "The Five".

Georges Auric

Georges Auric (born Lodève, France, 15 February 1899; died Paris 23 July 1983) was a French composer. He was one of the six composers who became known as Les Six.
Auric was a child prodigy. He composed a lot of music from the age of 10, but most of these early works he destroyed later. He grew up in Montpellier. In 1913, his parents moved to Paris so that he could study at the Paris Conservatoire. He studied with the composer Vincent D'Indy at the Schola Cantorum.

By the time he had joined Les Six he had already become a composer with a strong, personal style of writing. His music is often energetic and aggressive.
Auric wrote ballet music for Diaghilev. When Jean Cocteau started making motion pictures at the beginning of the 1930s Auric began writing film music. He wrote soundtracks for a number of French and British films, and then for Hollywood movies, too. "The Song from Moulin Rouge" made it to the hit parade.

In 1962, he gave up writing for moving pictures when he became director of the Opéra National de Paris and then chairman of SACEM, the French Performing Rights Society. Auric continued to write classical chamber music, especially for wind instruments, for the rest of his life.

The Left (Germany)

The Left (), sometimes called the Left Party (), is a political party in Germany. It is a democratic socialist political party in Germany. It is considered to be left-wing populist by some researchers. The party is the direct descendant of the Socialist Unity Party of Germany (SED). It was formed on 16 June 2007, when The Left Party.PDS joined with WASG to form a unified party. The Left is a founding member of the Party of the European Left. It is also the largest party in the European United Left–Nordic Green Left (GUE/NGL) group in the European Parliament.

According to official party figures, the Left Party had 60,350 registered members as of December 2020. It is the fifth-largest party in Germany.

The party participates in governments in many states including Brandenburg, Thuringia, and Berlin. The Left parliamentarian Bodo Ramelow is the Minister-President of Thuringia.

While the PDS was considered by German authorities as extremist, the WASG was not considered extremist. The party is the most left-wing party of the six represented parties in the Bundestag. It has been called far-left by some news outlets. The German Federal Office for the Protection of the Constitution ("Verfassungschutz") states that the party is not regarded as extremely left or a threat to democracy. However, it does monitor some of its internal factions, such as Socialist Left.



Louis Durey

Louis Durey (born Paris, 27 May 1888; died Saint-Tropez, France, 3 July 1979) was a French composer. He was the oldest, but probably the least well-known of the six composers who are called Les Six.
Louis Durey was the son of a businessman. He had no idea that he wanted to be a composer until he heard the opera Pélléas et Mélisande by Claude Debussy. He was then already 19 years old. He taught himself how to compose.
Durey became a member of the group called Les Six in 1920. However, he did not take part in the music they wrote together in 1921 called "Les Mariés de la Tour Eiffel". This made Jean Cocteau very annoyed. 

Durey became interested in left-wing politics and later joined the Communist Party. During the years of the Nazi occupation of World War II, he worked with the French Resistance and wrote anti-Fascist songs. After the war he had strong Communist ideas. This made it difficult for him to be successful in the world of music.
In 1950 he got the job of music critic for a communist newspaper in Paris.

He wrote a lot of music during his life, but there were many years when he wrote nothing. He composed songs, chamber music and choral works.

Louis Durey died at Saint-Tropez, Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur, France.

Arthur Honegger

Arthur Honegger (10 March 1892 - 27 November 1955) was a Swiss composer, who was born in Le Havre, France and lived a large part of his life in Paris. He was a member of the group of composers called Les Six. His most popular piece of music is an orchestral work called "Pacific 231", which imitates the sound of a steam locomotive.

His full name was Oscar-Arthur Honegger, but his first name was never used. He studied harmony and violin in Paris until his parents moved to Zürich, Switzerland, when he studied at the Conservatory there. He then went back to Paris to study with Charles-Marie Widor and Vincent d'Indy. He wrote a ballet "Le dit des jeux du monde" in 1918. In 1926 he married Andrée Vaurabourg, a pianist and fellow student at the Paris Conservatoire. They often went on tour together, and his wife played the piano parts to his compositions. The couple had one daughter, Pascale, born in 1932. Honegger also had a son, Jean-Claude (1926-2003) whose mother was the singer Claire Croiza.

In the early 1920s Honegger became famous with the "dramatic psalm" "Le Roi David" ("King David"), which is still often sung by choirs. He wrote a lot of music between the wars, including the oratorio "Jeanne d'Arc au bûcher", one of his best works. It tells the story of Joan of Arc.

During World War II Honegger could not leave Paris. He joined the French Resistance. He continued to write very serious music, including four symphonies (numbers 2-5) and some religious music.

Honegger loved trains. As a student he had spent some time travelling to Paris twice a week by train from Le Havre. His popular orchestral work "Pacific 231" describes a train on the Canadian Pacific Railway. It was an early piece, written in 1923. 

In 1947 Honegger suffered a severe heart attack, and after that he composed little. A second heart attack caused his death eight years later in Paris. 

Honegger's music is different to that of the other members of Les Six, partly because Honegger liked the Romantic music of Wagner, Strauss and Reger. His music is tonal but with numerous strong dissonances. His musical style was also influenced by the music of Bach.

Darius Milhaud

Darius Milhaud (pronounced "DAR-yus MEE-oh") (born Marseille, 4 September 1892; died Geneva 22 June 1974) was a French composer. He was a member of the group called "Les Six". He is one of the most important French composers of the 20th century. He wrote more than 400 compositions. His music is often influenced by jazz and polytonality (music in more than one key at once).

Milhaud's family were Jewish. He grew up in Aix-en-Provence. His father was an almond dealer. When he was very small he often listened to the songs that were being sung by the women who were sorting out the nuts. They were folksongs from the Provence. When he was a young man he liked to go for walks in the Provence country. This was an important part of his life.

Milhaud's parents liked music. His father was a pianist and often played at local music gatherings. His mother had a nice contralto voice. When he was seven he learned to play the violin. He loved the music of Claude Debussy, whom he met once. 

Milhaud studied in Paris at the Paris Conservatory where he met Arthur Honegger and Germaine Tailleferre who were also to become members of Les Six. He studied composition under Charles-Marie Widor and harmony and counterpoint with André Gédalge. He also studied privately with Vincent d'Indy. He taught himself to play the piano. In Paris he was able to listen to music by a lot of great composers.

He was terribly sad when a close friend was killed in World War I. He decided to go to Brazil. He worked there for nearly two years, deciphering codes. He liked the sounds of the jungle. These sounds were to have an impact on his music. The other great influence was jazz, which he heard in 1922 in New York.

Milhaud returned to France and worked very hard. He often travelled. In 1940 he had to emigrate to the United States because the Nazis were arresting Jewish musicians. In America he gave lectures.

His health became poor. He had rheumatoid arthritis for nearly all his adult life, and by 1948 he was in a wheelchair. He still continued to travel, and to teach, for as long as possible. Probably his most famous student was Dave Brubeck.

In 1925 Milhaud married his cousin, an actress called Madeleine Milhaud. She often performed speaking parts in her husband's musical works. In his final years, she devoted herself to looking after him. She died in Paris on 17 January 2008 at the age of 105.

Milhaud's most popular works include "Le Boeuf sur le Toit" (ballet), "La création du monde" (a ballet for small orchestra with solo saxophone, influenced by jazz), "Scaramouche" (for Saxophone and Orchestra, also for two pianos), and "Saudades do Brazil" (dance suite). His autobiography is called "Notes Sans Musique" ("Notes Without Music"), later rewritten as "Ma Vie Heureuse" ("My Happy Life").


Saône

The Saône is a river in eastern France. It is a right tributary of the Rhône river. It starts in the Vosges department and joins the Rhône in the city of Lyon.

Two French departments has the name of the river in their names: Haute-Saône and Saône-et-Loire, both in the Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region.

The Saône river has a length of and a drainage basin with an area of . 

Its average yearly discharge (volume of water which passes through a section of the river per unit of time) is at Couzon-au-Mont-d'Or in the Metropolitan Lyon.

Average monthly discharge (m/s) at Couzon-au-Mont-d'Or (13 years)
The Saône river starts in the "commune" of Vioménil in the Vosges department, at an altitude of about . The river flows in general to the south-southwest.

The Saône river flows through the 3 regions and 6 departments. It flows through the following "communes", among others:

The Saône river flows into the Rhône river as a right tributary in the city of Lyon.

The main tributaries, over 40 km long, of the Saône river are:

Left tributaries:
Right tributaries:

Hereford

Hereford (pronounced or ) (pronounced "Henforth") is a city and civil parish in the West Midlands of England, close to the border with Wales and on the River Wye. It is the county town of Herefordshire.

The name "Hereford" comes from the Anglo Saxon "here", meaning an army and "ford" which is a place where soldiers could cross.

Hereford has had a cathedral since 1059.

In 1997, Hereford Council lost its status as a city council, and had to appoint Charter Trustees. Its ancient city traditions are recognised and carried on by the parish council, which is led by the City Mayor.

The A49, A438, A465, A480, A4103, A4110, B4399, B4224 and B4359 roads pass through Hereford.

Hereford has a train station.

Hereford has a city bus station, for routes in the city, and a country bus station, for routes out of the city.


The finger

The finger (also called "the bird", or most commonly "the middle finger") is a common insulting hand signal in some countries. 

If you put your middle finger up, you are saying something like "fuck you" or "fuck off". However, it may also be used humorously, for example between people who are close friends. Context is everything in these non-verbal gestures.

The gesture dates back to ancient Greece and it was also used in ancient Rome. Historically, it represented the phallus. 

Ariel (moon)

Ariel is a moon of Uranus found on October 24, 1851 by William Lassell. It was found at the same time as Umbriel.

The moon is named after the leading sylph in Alexander Pope's poem "Rape of the Lock". It is also the name of the spirit who serves Prospero in Shakespeare's "The Tempest".

Trondheim

The city of Trondheim was founded in 997. It was frequently used as the seat of the king, and was capital of Norway until 1217. In the Middle Ages, Trondheim was the site of several battles, including the battle between King Sverre and Erling Skakke, in 1179. The city has experienced several major fires - the most devastating in 1651 and 1681. The 1651 fire destroyed 90% of the buildings in Trondheim, and the 1681 fire led to a total reconstruction of the city.

The city of Trondheim became a municipality January 1, 1838. The rural municipalities of Byneset, Leinstrand, Strinda and Tiller were joined into Trondheim on January 1, 1964. 

Since 1981, caves surrounding the city have been home to materiel from the Marine Corps Prepositioning Program-Norway.



Ajax

Ajax can mean different things:


Trondheim Region

The Trondheim Region is a statistical metropolitan area in the counties of Sør-Trøndelag (population: 223,363) and Nord-Trøndelag (23,388) in Norway. It is centered around the city of Trondheim.

Electric potential

Electric potential is electric potential energy (EPE) per unit of charge. (The unit of energy is the joule and the unit of charge is the coulomb.) Electric potential tells what the electric potential energy of a charged object will be for every coulomb of charge it has, or how many joules of energy there will be per coulomb. The unit for electric potential, joule per coulomb, it is named the volt in memory of Alessandro Volta. One volt equals one joule per coulomb. 
A good analogy is water in a mill pond. In a pond, water has gravitational potential energy because of how high it is above sea level. When the water goes over a fall, it loses energy. There might be a pond in the hills with 100 liters of water and 1000 joules of energy in the pond, and so there are 10 joules of energy per liter. Another pond might have 100 liters of water but yet only 500 joules of energy because the pond is in a lower valley. This pond has 5 joules per liter. Similarly, we could have 100 coulombs of charge with 1000 joules of electric potential energy stored somewhere, maybe in an electric circuit. The electric potential would be 10 joules of energy per coulomb. In another place, maybe another place in the same electric circuit, there might be an electric potential of 5 joules per coulomb.

Just like a mass falls from a place where it has a higher potential energy, an airplane or someplace in the universe, to where it has a lower potential energy, the ground or a different place in the universe, so do charges. Charges will always go to where they have lower electric potential or potential. This going is also called "falling". A group of charges or a charged object will fall from where there is an electric potential of 10 joules per coulomb to where there is an electric potential of 5 joules per coulomb, or from a place with an electric potential of 10 volts to one with an electric potential of 5 volts. If there are 20 coulombs of charge on an object, it will fall from having an electric potential energy (EPE) of 200 joules (20 c x (10 j/c) = 200 joules) at the place with an electric potential of 10 volts to an electric potential energy of 100 joules (20 c x (5 j/c) = 100 joules) at the place with an electric potential of 5 volts.

While this concept is also valid for gravity, it is not used. It is almost always more useful to think of and use the total gravitational potential energy, GPE, of an object and not use the GPE per kilogram. In electricity, it is very often more useful to use electric potential, the EPE per charge, instead of using the total electric potential energy.

Electric potential is not the same as electric potential energy. It is electric potential energy per unit charge. Electric potential is not the same as electric potential difference. Electric potential difference is also called voltage (see the voltage page).

Please note that the volt and voltage are two different things. The volt is a unit by which we measure something. Both electric potential and voltage are things we measure, and the volt is the unit of measure for both. Yes, a little confusing, but that is the way it is. The symbol for the unit volt is written with a V (9 volts or 9 V). When voltage is used in a formula, the symbol for voltage is a lowercase v. ( e.g. voltage = current x resistance or v = ir) This distinguishes the difference between volts (V) and voltage (v) when there is only a single letter symbol to go by. Electrical engineers use the symbol 'e' for voltage (e.g. e=ir) to distinguish the difference more clearly.

Christine Teipel

Christine Teipel (1621 – 4 May 1630) was a 9 year old child who was executed as a witch. This execution happened in Schmallenberg-Oberkirchen in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.

She was questioned on March 7, 1630. She told about 15 other people who had taken part in a Witches' Sabbath, at night. There were 8 men, 6 women, and a little girl. During that year, there were 7 processes, from April to June of that year. During these processes, 58 people were sentenced to burn at the stake for witchcraft. 22 people of these were men, 2 were children. 

Christine Teipel was sentenced and executed in the third of seven rounds of trials. 

Near Oberkirchen there is a place where commemorative inscriptions have been erected.

""bekend guetlich, daß Johan Bell...vor etzlicher zeit, weiß nit, wieviel jar, in Stephans backhaus sie die zauberei gelert, ...(Sie) Hette auch austrucklich dem teuffel zugesagt, waruf der teuffel in eins wackern jungen gestalt, ...zu ir kommen, ... zu ir gesagt, ob sie im auch stehen [zu ihm stehen] wolte. Sie im druff geandwortet: ja, wen er ir etzwas guts tun wölte, wilches er ir auch zu tun versprochen.""

Approximate translation:

""confesses, that Johan Bell (...) had taught her to do magic, some time ago; she does not know how long ago. This happened in Stephan's bakery. She had also committed to serving the devil. The devil had then appeared in the form of a vigorous young boy. The boy had asked her if she wanted to commit herself to him; she had agreed, under the condition that he should do something good for her, which he had promised (...)"

""Sein boel (Teufelsbuhle) hett mit ir gedanzt... Der tanz hette woll zwei stunde geweret""

Translation:
""Her mate (sex partner) had danced with her... The dance had lasted about two hours""

""bekend, daß der bol (Teufelsbuhle) ein ding furm leib gehabt, damit ihr in ir schamb etc., hab kein freud dabei gehabt, were gewesen, als wens holz gewest; und so oft sie zum tanz gezogen, hette er erst zu ihr kommen und boliret [= Geschlechtsverkehr haben], und wen sie´s nit leiden wolten, hette er ir zu schlagen gedrauwet" [= gedroht]."

Translation:
""confesses, that the mate (sex partner) had had a thing before him, to put into her (etc), that she did not enjoy it at all, it was like this thing were wood; And whenever she wanted to dance, he had first come, and had had sex; and when she did not want to, he had threatened to beat her (..)""



Ajax (programming)

AJAX stands for Asynchronous JavaScript and XML. It is a technique used to make webpages faster to use. If they are programmed with AJAX, they seem to react faster. They only send small bits of information to the web server. That way the whole web page does not need to reload, only small parts of it.


There are also some problems with Ajax. These are among other things:

Bradford

Bradford is a major city in West Yorkshire, England. The city has a population of about 500,000 people. Bradford grew due to its excellence in the textile trades of nineteenth century England. Bradford is home to Bradford City Football Club who became the first English football club to win the current FA Cup trophy in 1911.

Bradford is near Leeds. The two cities share the Leeds Bradford International Airport.

Lithuanian litas

Lithuanian litas (Lithuanian: "litas") was the national currency of the Republic of Lithuania. Litas became a currency of Lithuania in 1922, then again in 1993. In present days, there are 8 coins (1, 2, 5, 10, 50 cents and 1, 2 and 5 LTL) and 6 banknotes (10, 20, 50, 100, 200 and 500 LTL) in use. It stopped being in use in 2015.


Maria Holl

Maria Holl (* 1549 in Altenstadt near Geislingen an der Steige, in Germany; † 1634) was an inn-keeper in Nördlingen. She was accused of witchcraft, but she did not confess to a crime, despite the torture. After this, she was released, and cleared of the accusations.

Because she was very successful running the tavern, she was accused of witchcraft. In total, she was tortured 56 times. At all times she only confessed to God. No matter what was done to her, she could not be made to say to have a pact with the devil. Many citizens of Nördlingen were in favor of her. She was cleared of the accusations on October 11, 1594. She was among the last people to be tried for Witchcraft, in Nördlingen.

Maria Holl died in 1634, probably from the Plague. 

Duduk

The Duduk is a traditional woodwind instrument of Armenian origins.

The duduk is one of the oldest double reed instruments in the world which dates back over 3,000 years. Many different duduks can be found in Armenia and the Caucasus. The roots of Armenian duduk music go back to the times of the Armenian king Tigran the Great (95-55 BC). The instrument is seen in many Armenian manuscripts of the Middle Ages.


Droopy Dog

Droopy Dog is a cartoon character created by Tex Avery for Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer cartoon studio in 1943. It first appeared on a cartoon titled "Dumb Hounded" (1943).

Iraqi Kurdistan

Iraqi Kurdistan or South Kurdistan is the part of Kurdistan which is in Iraq.

Iraqi Kurdistan is in the north of Iraq. The area is to the west of Iranian Kurdistan. To Iraqi Kurdistan's west is Syrian Kurdistan, and to the north is Turkish Kurdistan.

Biohazzard Records

Biohazzard Records is a German based Independent record label. It was founded by music journalist Sascha Bahn and Alexander C.H. Lorenz (publisher of "MUMM" compilation). He has more as 20 years experience in management of bands. The label is distributed through "Alive!", edel.net (Digital Distribution) and DanseMacabre (Das Ich). They focus at Gothic, Gothic Metal and some kinds of Electro.




Arbil, Iraq

Arbil (also written Erbil or Irbil) is the capital of Kurdistan Region. In Kurdish, the city is called "Hewlêr". 1,190,251 people live there, mostly Kurds. The city is 80 kilometers (50 miles) east of Mosul.

Ruhr Area

The Ruhr Area ("") is an urban area in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany. Many of the cities in the Ruhrgebiet used to have a lot of heavy industry.

The Ruhr Area is bordered by the rivers Ruhr River to the south, Rhine River to the west, and Lippe to the north. Southwest it borders the Bergisches Land.

The area has about 5.3 million inhabitants, and is part of the larger Rhine-Ruhr metropolitan area of more than 12 million people.

The Ruhr Area consists of the cities of Duisburg, Oberhausen, Bottrop, Mülheim an der Ruhr, Essen, Gelsenkirchen, Bochum, Herne, Hamm, Hagen and Dortmund and the rural districts of Wesel, Recklinghausen, Unna and Ennepe-Ruhr

The city of Essen in the Ruhr area was selected as European Capital of Culture for 2010 by the Council of the European Union.




Iraqi dinar

The Iraqi dinar is the currency of Iraq. One dinar equals 1000 fils (فلس).

Massoud Barzani

Massoud Barzani (born 16 August 1946) was the first president of Iraqi Kurdistan. He became president on 14 June 2005.

Masoud Barzani succeeded his father, the Kurdish nationalist leader Mustafa Barzani, as the leader of KDP in 1979. Working closely with his brother Idris Barzani until Idris's death, Barzani and various other Kurdish groups fought the forces of the Iraqi government in Baghdad during the Iran–Iraq War. For much of this time, the Kurdish leadership was exiled to Iran.

Barzani was born in Iranian Kurdistan, during the short-lived Republic of Mahabad.

Nechervan Idris Barzani

Nechervan Idris Barzani (Kurdish:نێچیرڤان بارزانی, Nêçîrvan Îdrîs Barzanî) (born 21 September 1966) has been the Prime Minister of Iraqi Kurdistan since March 2006.

Credit card

A credit card is a card which allows people to buy items without cash. Each card has a unique number. Using this number, plus other details on the card (such as the validity date, or a code), the client can buy goods or services. The issuer of the card automatically transfers the money to the seller. The person using the card gets a credit. The customer has a certain amount of time to pay the credit card bill. If the bill is left unpaid for some time, the customer will have to pay interest for the amount that is left unpaid. Payment using a credit card is one of the most common methods of electronic payment. A debit card similarly allows paying without cash, but it pays with money in the user's bank account.

Credit cards are usually small plastic cards with a unique number attached to an account. Most are magnetic stripe cards and many have an EMV chip for use by card readers.

Paying with a credit card means you borrow the money and must pay it back in a specified time. Users who fail to pay in time may have to pay much more.

Lebanese Civil War

nificantly worsened by Lebanon's changing demographics. There was a conflict between Sunnis and Shias, between Christians and Muslims, and the involvement of Syria, Israel and the Palestine Liberation Organization (PLO) exacerbated existing issues. After a short break in the fighting in 1976 due to Arab League mediation and Syrian intervention fighting continued in south Lebanon, occupied first by the PLO, then occupied by Israel. 

Violent events increased from the end of the 1960s and the first half of 1970s. Several armed movements were creating, with different political views. The Lebanese National Movement, led by Kamal Jumblatt wanted to end the religious class society system. Sunni and Shi'i struggled for more representation and supported the Palestinian refugees. Many Palestinians joined the struggles.

The civil war started on the 13 of April, 1975, after one of these attacks, committed by the phalanges against a Palestinian bus. Fights spread on that day. The government was unable to control the militias and violence spread extremely quickly.

During the first two years of war, several massacres were committed: the massacre of Tel al-Za'atar (1976) by the Syrian and Lebanese Phalanges forces against Palestinians and the massacre of Damour (1976) by the Palestine Liberation Organization against Christians.

Civilian fighting lasted for a year until other countries joined in the fight. In 1976, Syria joined the conflict, and so the Lebanese civil war starts to impact all the Middle-east region. Israel joined the conflict in 1976, because of the attempt against the Israeli ambassador, Shlomo Argov. The Israeli army invaded Lebanon by the south and reached Beirut. According to the claims of the invaders and the leaders representing them, the intention of the invasion was to safeguard Israeli citizens and to generally diminish the threat of international terrorism. This would mean a siege of West Beirut and destruction of the PLO as well as the surrounding area. At this time, Syrian forces also began occupying areas of Lebanon.

On May 17, 1977, a US-backed agreement was reached for making peace between Lebanon and Israel. The agreement failed when Syria refused to withdraw its forces.

About 150,000 people were killed during the war and almost one million people moved out of Lebanon.

Mosul

Mosul ( "", , ) is a city in the north of Iraq. Under the Ottoman Empire it was the capital of northern Iraq. More than a million people lived there when Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant conquered it in 2014. In 2017 the Iraqi Army with help from Kurdish Peshmerga troops and other militias took the city back.





Mayonnaise

Mayonnaise (also known as Mayo) is a thick sauce. It is an emulsion of vegetable oil and egg yolk, with either lemon juice or vinegar. It is often used as a condiment for food such as salads, sandwiches and french fries.

Francis Poulenc

Francis Poulenc (7 January 1899 in Paris – 30 January 1963 in Paris) was a French composer. He was one of the group of six composers who became known as Les Six. He composed music in many different forms: song, chamber music, oratorio, opera, ballet music and orchestral music. His music is easy to enjoy at first hearing: it is much simpler than the music of many other composers who were writing modern music at the time. At first the music critics did not think he was a serious composer, but later people realized the importance of his music. He is the greatest writer of French song (mélodie) since Fauré.

Poulenc came from a rich family. His father had a large pharmaceutical business. His mother, an amateur pianist, taught him to play the piano. The Catholic faith was important to him, as well as the artistic life. These two influences shaped his personality. The music critic Claude Rostand said that Poulenc was "half monk and half naughty boy".

Poulenc wanted to study music at the Paris Conservatoire after his school years, but the death of both his parents changed his plans. He had lessons from Ricardo Viñes who was a great teacher for him and helped him develop as a person. Poulenc wrote his first compositions for his teacher. He met many famous people including the composers Satie, Auric and Falla and writers such as Apollinaire. He started to get his works performed, and Stravinsky helped him to get them published in London. He continued to compose while he was doing his military service, and became a member of Les Six. These six composers did not all compose in the same way, but they were good friends.

Poulenc felt that he needed more lessons and he studied with Charles Koechlin. He was asked by Diaghilev to write ballet music for "Les Biches". He composed his "Concerto for Two Pianos" and the "Organ Concerto". He was very upset by the death of Raymonde Linossier who was the only woman he ever wanted to marry. Poulenc was becoming aware that he was gay. He had a lot of emotional problems with big changes of mood.

His friendship with the singer Pierre Barnac was a great help to him professionally. Barnac was a baritone. Poulenc composed about 90 songs for him. They gave many concerts together.

Poulenc spent some periods of his life composing and other periods performing. He made a series of broadcasts on French radio. He composed a great deal of music during the 1950s. He died suddenly of a heart attack in 1963.

Poulenc was an excellent pianist and he wrote a lot of music for the piano, especially during the 1930s. He liked to create blurred effects by using the sustaining pedal a lot. Some of his best piano writing is in the accompaniment to his songs.

Poulenc’s early chamber music often uses jazz ideas. He wrote several sonatas for various instruments. He liked writing for wind instruments. His "Piano Sextet" is for piano and five wind instruments.

He wrote several works for orchestra as well as music for the stage and choral music. His "Gloria" is often performed by choirs. Children like his "Story of Babar the Elephant". It is for a storyteller and piano. Jean Françaix made an arrangement for an orchestra.

Germaine Tailleferre

Germaine Tailleferre (born Saint Maur Des Fossés, France, 19 April 1892; died Paris, 7 November 1983) was a French composer. She was one of the members of the famous group Les Six.
She was called Marcelle Taillefesse when she was born. When she was grown up she changed her last name to "Tailleferre" just to annoy her father because he had refused to let her study music. She studied piano with her mother at home, composing short works of her own and then began studying at the Paris Conservatoire. There she met Louis Durey, Francis Poulenc, Darius Milhaud, Georges Auric and Arthur Honegger. She won several prizes at the Conservatoire. She often met with her friends who became known as Les Six.
In 1923 Tailleferre began to spend a great deal of time with Maurice Ravel at his home in Monfort-L'Amaury. Ravel encouraged her to enter the "Prix de Rome" Competition. In 1925, she married Ralph Barton, an American caricaturist, and moved to Manhattan, New York. She stayed in the United States until 1927 when she and her husband returned to France. They divorced shortly afterwards.

Tailleferre wrote many of her most important works during the 1920s, including her 1st Piano Concerto, The Harp Concertino, the Ballets "Le Marchand d'Oiseaux" (the most often performed ballet in the repertoire of the Ballets Suédoises during the 1920s) and "La Nouvelle Cythère" which Diaghilev had asked her to write for his ballet company.

In the 1930s she composed the Concerto for Two Pianos, Choeurs, Saxophones and Orchestra, the Violin Concerto, the Operas "Zoulaïna" and "Le Marin de Bolivar", and her masterwork, "La Cantate de Narcisse", which she wrote with Paul Valéry. Her work in film music included "Le Petit Chose".

When World War II started she had to escape across Spain to Portugal and from there to America.

After the war, in 1946, she returned to her home in France where she composed a lot more music, much of which was not published until after her death. She was accompanist at a children's music and movement class. She wrote shorter pieces towards the end of her life because her arthritis made writing difficult.

Tailleferre carried on composing until a few weeks before her death in November 1983.

Cladistics

Cladistics is the method of classifying organisms into groups called clades.

A clade (Greek = branch) is a group of organisms with a common ancestor and all its descendants (and nothing else). Such a clade is monophyletic. The term 'clade' was coined by English biologist Julian Huxley.

Birds, dinosaurs, crocodiles, and all other descendants (living or extinct) of their most recent common ancestor form a clade. In the terms of biological systematics, a clade is a single branch on the tree of life, a monophyletic group. Biological classification needs such a natural group of organisms to be put together and given a taxonomic name.

This brings classification in line with phylogeny (how living things evolved). In cladistics, clades are the only acceptable units.
Some versions of cladistics have been the subject of controversy.

The term "clade" was introduced in 1958 by Julian Huxley, "cladistic" by Cain and Harrison in 1960, and "cladist" (for an adherent of Hennig's school) by Mayr in 1965. Hennig referred to his own approach as "phylogenetic systematics". From the time of his original formulation until the end of the 1980s cladistics remained a minority approach to classification.

In the 1990s it rapidly became the dominant method of classification in evolutionary biology. Computers made it possible to process large quantities of data about organisms and their characteristics (traits). At about the same time the development of effective sequence analysis techniques made it possible to apply cladistic methods of analysis to biochemical and molecular features of organisms as well as to anatomical ones.

For some decades in the mid to late twentieth century, a commonly used methodology was numerical taxonomy. This made no attempt to resolve phylogeny, only similarities. The weakness of this approach was that it left out the connection between classification and evolution.

Phylogenetic nomenclature is a way of giving names to the groups (clades) that have been decided on by cladistic methods. It differs in many ways from Linnaean nomenclature. Critics of phylogenetic nomenclature include Ashlock, Mayr, and Williams.
Monophyly is defined differently in evolutionary biology and cladistics. In evolutionary biology, the term monophyletic refers to a group of organisms descended from its most recent common ancestor. A monophyletic group may include all or only a part of the descendants of the common ancestor. The ancestor may be a taxon of various ranks.

In cladistics, by contrast, a monophyletic group is a group consisting of all the inferred descendants of an ancestral species.

In cladistics, a group that includes only some of the descendants of the ancestral species is not monophyletic but paraphyletic. The objective of cladistics is to block out monophyletic clades. Therefore, the elements of a paraphyletic group must be rearranged so that they do form one or several clades. Degree of similarity is not a criterion in grouping organisms into clades.

Cladograms show who's related to what, and evolutionary trees show which evolved from whom.


Kimbo Slice

Kevin Ferguson also known as Kimbo Slice (February 8, 1974 – June 6, 2016) was a Bahamian-born American mixed martial arts fighter. He began fighting in a series of web videos. He fights in backyards, airplane hangars, and nuclear power plants. He was trained by Bas Rutten. He was born in Nassau, Bahamas.

Slice had six children. He used to work as a bodyguard.

Slice died of heart failure at a hospital in Margate, Florida on June 6, 2016, aged 42.


Pangaea

Pangaea was the global supercontinent which formed in the Palaeozoic era. The process started about 450 million years ago (mya) and was complete by 210 mya. So, apart from some volcanic islands (not proven, but very likely), all the land areas were collected together in one big supercontinent.

Pangaea was the latest of a series of global supercontinents. They formed at various times since plate tectonics began on Earth. Panthalassa was the name of the huge global ocean which surrounded Pangaea.

The collisions between continental plates formed the greatest mountain ranges in the history of the Phanerozoic eon. The mountain building included the Caledonian orogeny, the Alleghenian orogeny and the Variscan orogeny. The low mountains of Scotland, Scandinavia and eastern North America are the ground-down remains of these vast events.

There were three major phases in the break-up of Pangaea. The first signs of rifting came in the Triassic before Pangaea was completely formed.

Pangaea broke up about 180/200 million years ago, in the early middle Jurassic. It broke into supercontinents Laurasia and Gondwana before each of these broke into the present continents. One rift resulted in a new ocean, the North Atlantic Ocean.

The second major phase in the break-up of Pangaea began in the Lower Cretaceous (150–140 mya), when Gondwana separated into continents (Africa, South America, India, Antarctica, and Australia).

The third major and final phase of the break-up of Pangaea occurred in the early Cenozoic (Paleocene to Oligocene). Laurasia split when North America (Laurentia) broke free from Eurasia, opening the Norwegian Sea about 60–55 mya. The Atlantic and Indian Oceans continued to expand, closing the Tethys Ocean.

The break-up of Pangaea continues today in the Great Rift Valley in East Africa and Arabia.


Fatah

Fatah is a Palestinian nationalist political party. Fatah is an acronym for Harakat At-Tahriri Al-Filistiniya. That means Palestinian National Liberation Movement in English. It was created by Yasser Arafat in the late 1950s. 

In 1968 Fatah joined the Palestinian Liberation Organization, and in 1969 it got a leadership role. When it was founded, it did not accept the existence of Israel, but now the group officially does. 

The political part of the party is not considered a terrorist group by any country, but its military part, the al-Aqsa Martyrs Brigades is considered a terrorist group. Fatah says that the Brigades are not a part of the party but Israel says that Fatah supports the al-Aqsa Martyrs Brigades.

Leaders of the brigades, and other members have said they are a military group that is a part of Fatah. On their website, and on posters they post the Fatah Emblem. Leaders of Fatah have said they did not create the brigades, or make them the military of Fatah. Since 2002 leaders in Fatah have tried to get the brigades to stop attacking Israeli citizens.

Balkh

Balkh () is a city in Balkh Province of Afghanistan. It was a big city hundreds of years ago, but it was ruined by Mongols. It was not ruined forever, though. In 1850 it was captured by Dost Mohammad Khan.


Hessischer Rundfunk

The Hessischer Rundfunk (HR) is a German television and radio broadcasting company based in Frankfurt am Main in the State of Hesse.

HR is a member of the group of German public-broadcasting institutions that makes up ARD.

The HR produces the regional television service "HR Fernsehen " (which used to be called HR Fernsehen ) and six regional radio channels.


Sulaymaniyah Governorate

As Sulaymaniyah (, ) is a province in the east of Iraq. The capital is Sulaymaniyah. The area is . Almost 1,800,000 people live there.

Erbil Governorate

Arbil (, Hewlêr; also written Erbil or Irbil) is a province in the north of Iraq. The area is . According to Arbil governorate in 2009 Arbil population was 1,720,000.

Duhok Governorate

Dahuk (also Dohuk or Duhok, , , Duhok, Assyrian: ܢܘܗܕܪܐ, Nohadra) is a province in north of Iraq. The capital is also called Dahuk. 510,000 people live in the province.

Al Anbar Governorate

Al Anbar (; or Anbar) is a Western Region of Iraq. The largest province in Iraq by area, it shares borders with Syria, Jordan, and Saudi Arabia. Al Anbar is overwhelmingly Sunni Muslim Arab. Its capital is Ar Ramadi.

The name of the province is from the Arabic , "’Anbār", and means "granaries," as this region was the primary entrepot on the western borders of Lakhmid Kingdom. The famous Sunni theologian Abu Hanifa an-Nu‘man, who developed Hanafi, one of the Sunni Madh'habs (schools of thought) is associated with this region.

Before 1976 the province was known as Ramadi; before 1962, it was known as Dulaim.

Most of the inhabitants are Sunni Muslims from Dulaim tribe.

The Euphrates River flows diagonally from the north to the southeast, passing through six of the eight districts; Al-Qa'im, Anah, Haditha, Hīt, Ramadi, Fallujah, Abu Ghraib, Ar Rutba, forms the majority of the Governorate's area, occupying the large desert area in the southwest.

There are an estimated 20 million weapons in Al Anbar, opposed to an estimated population of 2 million, according to official reports, a ratio of ten firearms for every citizen.
It's traditional for Dulaim tribe members to keep a weapons at home.
The arms included mortars, surface-to-air missiles, anti-tank shells, rocket-propelled grenades as well as large quantities of mines, explosives and ammunition.

The city of Fallujah is also in Anbar. The Iraqi resistance were widely considered to be stronger in this province than in any other in Iraq, and hostility toward Against American forces.

In late 2004 to 2007, a series of operations by US forces, was not successful in driving resistance from Anbar. Additionally, in early 2006, several clans—some including resistance groups raids against Americans forces in the area, the increase of sectarian violence in baghdad(that pushed many of the Sunni Dulaimi clans back into alliances with militants) and the continued resistance control of several cities in Anbar showed that fighting in the region was far from over. Reports in March 2006 suggested that the Anbar capital Ramadi had largely fallen under resistance control along with most of the region, as a result the US sent an additional 3,500 Marines to re-establish control of the region.

The Iraq war website icasualties has reported that 1,842 Iraqi soldier and 2220 US Soldier and 7542 Mercenary were killed in action in Anbar province between the start of 2004 and the end of February 2006. Many of these died in and around Fallujah and Ramadi.

Anbar, with Ramadi and Haditha and Hit and Al Qa'im and Fallujah in particular, is known for its inhabitants' strong tribal
and religious traditions. Allegedly, former President Saddam Hussein was constantly
wary of the volatile nature of the area. All the inhabitants of the province are Sunni Muslims from the Dulaim tribe.

In 2015 ISIL conquered Ramadi and other places in Anbar. In late 2016 the government of Iraq recovered most of those places.

According to statistics of the Ministry of Commerce in 1999, there about million and half million inhabitants in seven major Cities in Al Anbar province.
According to statistics in 2008 The population 2,405,000 people.

According to the former regime in 2003 just the city of Fallujah (600 thousand) and Ramadi (700 thousand) exceed million and three hundred thousand people.

According to the election for the council governorate on January 30, 2005, The largely Sunni province is one of the most violent Against the occupation in Iraq and turnout was very low. Of the total population of some 2 million only 3775 voted.

According to The UN statistics in 2003 the Population of Al Anbar is 1,230,169, Ramadi (444,582), Fallujah (425,774), Al-Qaim (116,129), Hit (105,825), Haditha (75,835), Anah (37,211), Ar Rutba (24,813).

But The governor of Al Anbar Mamoun Sami Rashid Alwani says "The UN statistics are Incorrect and just included 7 major Cities from 80 cities and towns in Al Anbar" It continues, "We know our country more than strangers And Al Anbar Population about more than 3 million citizen".

Number of the Population is unknown, and there are no precise statistics Include all of the cities and towns and villages and the people of Al Anbar, just in the city of Abu Ghraib eastern Al Anbar There between 750,000 and 1.5 million inhabitants.
after the occupation The population of Al Anbar province Increase because of the sunni immigrants from Baghdad and southern Iraq, Whom are more than million people, and some areas in Al Anbar Decreased such as Fallujah and Ramadi.


Babil Governorate

Babil () is a province in Iraq. The area is . 2,000,000 people live in the province. The capital is Al Hillah a Shia 

It contains the ancient city of Babylon.

The name Babil is the Arabic name for Babylon.

Coruscant

Coruscant is a fictional planet in the "Star Wars" movies. It has been the capital of the Galaxy for many years, and during that time, the planet has become one big city. It's most notable appearance was in the prequel trilogy.

Digital Video Broadcasting

Digital Video Broadcasting (often shortened to DVB) is a series of standards for sending digital content, like Television using digital technology. Compression of the data stream allows carrying several video channels in one analog television channel.

There are different standards, some of them are

Digital Audio Broadcasting is similar, but for audio.


Baghdad Governorate

Baghdad () is a province in Iraq. The capital is also called Baghdad. 

The area is . The province is the smallest province in Iraq. 

Linguine

Linguine are a form of Italian pasta. Sometimes they are also called Linguini (this is an English-language form, and is not Italian). 
They are flat, like fettuccine and trenette, but narrow like spaghetti. 

The name means "little tongues" in Italian - the word being derived from Latin "lingua" "tongue" with the suffix "-ine" which indicates that an item is smaller or lesser.

Linguine "alle vongole" (with clams) is a popular use of this sort of pasta.

Basra Governorate

Basra or Al Basrah () is a province in the southeast of Iraq. It has an area of . The capital is also called Basra. 2,565,893 people live in the province.

Egg (food)

Most eggs that are eaten by humans have a eggshell. there are multiple parts to the egg: the egg white, the egg yolk and various thin membranes, Every part of the egg is edible, although the eggshell is usually thrown away. Eggs are a good source of protein.

Roe and caviar are edible eggs produced by fish. They do not have an eggshell, since they hatch underwater. They also are much smaller and do not have a white or yolk.

Birds' eggs are a common food source. The most commonly used bird eggs are those from the chicken, the duck, and the goose. Smaller eggs such as quail eggs are sometimes used as a fancy ingredient, as are the largest bird eggs, from ostriches. 

Most of the chicken eggs sold for human consumption are unfertilized. The hens are kept without any roosters. Fertile eggs can be bought and eaten as well. There is no difference in the food value of fertilised and unfertilised eggs. Fertile eggs for eating do not have a baby bird inside. This is because eggs have to be kept cool before they are sold, and the cold stops the young inside from starting to grow.

Chicken eggs are widely used in many types of cooking. Recipes that use eggs include sweet and savoury dishes. Eggs can be used and cooked in many different ways. They can be hard-boiled, soft-boiled, scrambled, fried, combined with flour in cakes or eaten raw. Roasted eggs are used at the Jewish holiday of Passover. Pickled eggs are hard-boiled and then put in vinegar. They are often sold in UK fish and chip shops.

Eating raw eggs is not recommended for some people. This is because the egg may be contaminated with bacteria (like salmonella) that could cause illness. This could be serious for the elderly, the infirm, or pregnant women.

The body can use about 91% of the protein of a cooked egg, nearly twice as much as from a raw egg.

There is no difference in taste or food value between white or brown eggs. The color of a chicken's egg depends on the breed.

In most of the United States, eggs are generally white; while in the northeast of that country and in the United Kingdom, eggs are generally light-brown. People in Brazil and Poland prefer brown or reddish eggs, because white eggs are thought of as "industrial", that is, for use in commercial bakeries. The reason some people prefer one colour of egg and other people prefer a different colour is probably because of what the colours are linked with in their minds. For example white is linked with purity, and brown-shelled eggs with greater wholesomeness.

Carotenoids can affect how intense the color of the yolk is.




List of egg dishes

The following is a list of egg dishes:

Dhi Qar Governorate

Dhi Qar () is a province in south east of Iraq, with an area of . The capital is An Nasiriyah and 1,454,200 people live in the province. 

Diyala Governorate

Diyala () is a province in east of Iraq. Its area is . The capital is Baqubah. 1,271,000 people live in the province.

Leitmotif

A leitmotif (pronounced , “LITE-mow-teef”) (also spelled leitmotiv), is a German word meaning leading motif. It is a little musical theme that is often repeated in a piece of music, very often in opera. The leitmotif is linked in the musical story with a person or a thing or an idea. The leitmotif might be a short tune, but it can also be a rhythm or just a chord.

The word “leitmotif” is sometimes used in other things such as literature. In a book it might be an idea that keeps coming during the story. It can also be used in movies or video games.

The word “leitmotif” is particularly associated with the operas of Richard Wagner. The leitmotif helps to make the story dramatic and bind it together, because it makes the music easier to understand. Sometimes a leitmotif will change during an opera as the character changes. Various dramatic effects can be made with leitmotifs. For example, a leitmotif might be played before a character comes onstage, so the audience will know who is coming before the actor can be seen. Three examples of leitmotifs from Wagner's Ring Cycle "Der Ring des Nibelungen " are: the leitmotif for the chief god Wotan (a person), the leitmotif for the Tarnhelm, the invisibility helmet, (a thing), and the leitmotif for the Renunciation of Love (an idea).

The use of leitmotif was not completely new in the 19th century. For example: the first four notes of Beethoven's Fifth Symphony are used like a leitmotif during the whole symphony. It was, however, Carl Maria von Weber who first used it a lot in his operas. A music critic called F. W. Jähns used the word to describe Weber’s work. Hector Berlioz wrote a symphony called "Symphonie Fantastique" which has a tune which he called idée fixe (“fixed idea”) to represent the love between the two characters.

Wagner did not actually use the word “leitmotif”. He preferred to call such themes “Grundthema” (basic idea) or simple “Motiv”. Some people, such as Eduard Hanslick, who did not like Wagner’s music, thought that Wagner’s use of leitmotifs made the music too simple. Claude Debussy said the use of leitmotifs in operas was like having a world where crazy people would always use "visiting cards" to introduce themselves and then start singing their names to be sure everyone knew what was going on.

Many other composers used leitmotifs in a similar way to Wagner, e.g. Richard Strauss in his operas, Elgar in his oratorios "The Kingdom" and "The Apostles" or Alban Berg in his opera "Lulu". 

Leitmotifs or music themes are also used to dramatise movies. For example, the famous Jaws theme uses a leitmotif for the shark.

Karbala Governorate

Karbala () is a province in Iraq, with 710,274 people living there. The capital of the province is also called Karbala, that is a holy city for Shi'a Muslims.

Pointe shoes

Pointe shoes are special shoes worn by ballerinas. They are made with a wide, flat, reinforced front end. This lets the dancer stand on tiptoe. 

In normal flat ballet shoes, the toe construction does not provide this support for the dancer's body weight. So they cannot stand or dance "en pointe".

Mid-18th century dancer Marie Camargo of the Paris Opéra Ballet was the first to wear a non-heeled shoe, enabling her to perform leaps that would have been difficult, if not impossible, in the old shoes.

The first dancers to rise up on their toes did so with the help of an invention by Charles Didelot in 1795. His 'flying machine' lifted dancers upward, allowing them to stand on their toes before leaving the ground. This lightness and ethereal quality was well received by audiences and, as a result, choreographers began put more pointework into their pieces.

As dance progressed into the 1800s, the desire grew to dance en pointe without the aid of wires. When Marie Taglioni first danced "La Sylphide" en pointe, her shoes were nothing more than modified satin slippers. Because the shoes of this period offered no support, dancers would pad their toes for comfort and rely on the strength of their feet and ankles for support.

The birth of the modern pointe shoe may be due to the early 20th century Russian ballerina Anna Pavlova, who was one of the most famous and influential dancers of her time. Pavlova's feet had particularly high arches, which left her vulnerable to injury when dancing en pointe. To help this problem, she would put tough leather soles into her shoes for extra support, and would flatten and harden the toe area to form a box. While this practice made dancing en pointe easier for her, it was regarded by her rivals as 'cheating'.

Girls will usually start en pointe between the ages of 10 and 13. Starting too early may be bad for the feet of the dancer. Dance teachers' societies give their members information and advice on this subject.

Some girls will never go en pointe. This is usually because they are not strong enough, as going en pointe means one has to have enough strength. Ballet class is not social dancing, it is aimed at professional training. But the basic pre-pointe class may still be useful for young dancers who later move into, for example, stage dancing. In that case, the lack of pointe work would not interfere with their eventual employment.

It takes considerable strength in the feet, ankle, leg, knee, and abdomen to dance en pointe. Students must be at least 11 or 12 years of age before attempting pointe work. The bones and growth plates in the feet are usually not fully hardened and developed before that age. Serious foot deformities can result from starting pointe too early, even if the student is strong and skillful. Attempting to dance en pointe before the feet and toes are fully grown can cause career-ending damage that will prevent dancing en pointe for a lifetime. Top ballet schools have specialist orthopaedic consultants, and foot X-rays are an obvious and necessary safeguard before pointe work begins.

Pointe shoes are normally only worn by female ballet dancers. Male dancers may wear them for a comic effect in unorthodox roles such as the Ugly Stepsisters in "Cinderella", or Bottom in "A Midsummer Night's Dream". The all-male dance troupe Les Ballets Trockadero de Monte Carlo have dance programs with choreography entirely on pointe. This is one element of spectacle for the audience to demonstrate how the physical demands of classical ballet combine the artistic and the athletic.

All pointe shoes are handmade. There are many different companies which make these shoes. Some of them include: Bloch, Capezio, Gamba, Grishko, Gaynor Mindens, Sansha and Freed of London.

There are many different parts to a pointe shoe:

Its important that pointe shoes fit correctly. If they do not, it can cause the dancers feet to become sore. It can also affect the way the dancer performs in them and may cause injury to the dancer. A dancer may need to try on many pairs of pointe shoes before they find ones that fit correctly. Also, when the pointe shoes are "dead" (too soft to dance in any more), the shoes will need to be replaced.

With light use, a pair of pointe shoes may last through ten to twenty hours of wear. A dance student may get weeks of serviceable use from a pair of pointe shoes. Professional dancers wear out pointe shoes much more quickly; a new pair may wear out in a single performance. As a result, ballet companies either buy shoes in bulk or give shoe allowances for their dancers.

Ballet companies order pointe shoes in huge quantities at maybe $50-$110 a pair. A soloist or principal dancer will have her shoes specially hand-made to her needs, and may get through several in a single performance. Dancers' feet take a terrific battering, and few end their careers without having some damage to their feet. This is the reality behind the light, airy, graceful sight on the stage.

Demi-pointe shoes are often used to train dancers who are new to pointe technique. They help dancers get used to the feel of pointe shoes, strengthen the ankles and feet. The toe box allows the dancer to feel a pointe, while the insole and outsole work together to give the resistance for developing foot and ankle strength.

Demi-pointe is often used in modern dance, because choreography in modern dance most often asks for balance on the ball of the foot, which is what those shoes are made for.

Maysan Governorate

Maysan () is a province in southeastern Iraq, bordering Iran. The capital is Amarah. 785,068 people live in the province. 

Najaf Governorate

Najaf () is a province in southwestern Iraq. The province has an area of 28,824 km². The capital is also called Najaf. 1.477.134 people live in the province.

Nineveh Governorate

Ninawa (, , Assyrian: ܢܝܢܘܐ Nîněwâ) is a province in north of Iraq It has an area of 37,323 km². The capital is Mosul which lies near the Tigris river. 2,600,000 people live in the province. The ancient Biblical city of Nineveh is also in this province. The name Ninawa is the Arabic name for Nineveh.

Muthanna Governorate

Al Muthanna (also Muthanna, ) is a province in southern Iraq, bordering Saudi Arabia. The province has an area of 83,268 km², and 1.035.000 people live there. The capital is Samawah.

Kirkuk Governorate

Kirkuk Governorate ( , "Parêzgay Kerkûk", , ) or Kirkuk Province is a governorate in northern Iraq, with an area of . 

The capital is also called Kirkuk, and 949,000 people live in the province. 

Provinces of Iraq

Iraq is divided into 18 provinces ("muhafazah"). also the Iraqi Constitution has recognized only one autonomous federal region inside Iraq, the name of the region is Iraqi Kurdistan Region, this region consists of the three provinces of Dahuk ( دهوك ), Arbil ( اربيل ) and As-Sulaymaniyyah (السليمانية )

Brussels-Capital Region

Brussels-Capital Region is one of the three regions of Belgium. Its official name in the three official languages of Belgium:

It has a population of 1,222,637 (1 January 2022) on an area of 162 km².

Brussels-Capital Region is officially bilingual: Dutch and French, but most people speak French. In earlier times, they spoke Brabantian, which is a Dutch dialect. 

The area of Brussels-Capital Region belonged to the Duchy of Brabant until 1795. After the French occupation it became part of the newly formed province of South Brabant during the United Kingdom of the Netherlands from 1815 until 1831. After the Belgian separation in 1831, it became part of the newly formed province of Brabant. On 1 January 1995, Brabant province was divided into the provinces of Flemish Brabant (Dutch-speaking) and Walloon Brabant (French-speaking), and into the bilingual Brussels region.

Brussels-Capital Region has 19 municipalities:

¹ Capital, English name "Brussels".

There are two other regions:


Vaishali

Vaishali or Vesali (Pali) was a city in what is currently Vaishali District, Bihar, India. The city was the capital of the Licchavi and the Vajjian Confederacy. At the time of the Buddha, Vesali was a very large and rich city. It was crowded with people and with much food.

Licchavi

Licchavi (also "Lichchhavi", "Lichavi") was an ancient republic that existed in what is now Bihar state of India before the birth of Mahavira (b. 599 BC). Its capital was Vaishali.

From about 400 to 750, a kingdom in Nepal in the Kathmandu Valley had the same name, Licchavi.

Early Buddhist legends tell that Licchavi was a ruling family during Gautama Buddha's time in India, but links to the Nepalese kingdom are speculative. The language of Licchavi inscriptions is Sanskrit, and the particular script used is closely related to official Gupta scripts. That means that India was a significant cultural influence. That was likely through Mithila, now the north of Bihar, India.


Republicanism

Republicanism is the ideology of governing a nation as a republic with an emphasis on liberty and the civic virtue practiced by citizens. Republicanism always stands in opposition to aristocracy, oligarchy, monarchy, and dictatorship. More broadly, it refers to a political system that protects liberty, especially by incorporating a rule of law that cannot be arbitrarily ignored by the government.

According to John Adams, “They define a republic to be a government of laws, and not of men.” Much of the literature deals with the issue of what sort of values and behavior by the citizens is necessary if the republic is to survive and flourish; the emphasis has been on widespread citizen participation, civic virtue, and opposition to corruption.

Many Commonwealth realms (countries which have the British Monarch as their head of state) have political movements to become republics. For example, the Prime Minister of Jamaica said that it will become a republic by 2025. In 1999, Australia had a vote to decide whether or not to keep the monarchy. The result was a majority supporting the monarchy.


Tabriz

Tabriz () is the largest city in north-western Iran with a population of 1.6 million. Most of them speak the Azerbaijani language. Tabriz is north of the volcanic cone of Sahand and south of the Eynali mountain. It is the capital of East Azarbaijan Province.


Saber–toothed cat

The sabertoothed cats or sabretooth cats are some of the best known and most popular extinct animals. They are among the most impressive carnivores that ever have lived. These cats had long canines and jaws which opened wider than modern cats. This suggests a different style of killing from modern felines.

The sabre-tooth style of life evolved at least five times amongst carnivorous mammals. This is one of the best-known examples of convergent evolution.

The saber tooths were ambush predators, and probably lived in open forests. This would explain their widespread occurrence in the Miocene, when much of the land was covered with woodland. Apart from the canine teeth, their adaptations included strength in the forelimbs (more so than present-day large cats). Their robust (heavy, tough) bodies speak of strength rather than speed.

An idea of how they killed is as follows. They hid in wait, and pounced. They hung on round the prey's neck, gripping and slashing the underside of the throat with their canine teeth. This would cause death by blood loss and loss of the air supply.

The fact that their teeth vary is interesting. Some have larger teeth, some had smaller dagger-like teeth, some had smooth thick teeth, others had blade-like teeth, sometimes with serrated edges. Some had flanges on the lower jaw, most did not. Ewer remarks that this must show that there were variations in killing method, and in the type of prey, but we know little about this.

There are none living today: they are extinct. The extinctions followed climate change, as the world cooled and grassland took over from woodland in the Pliocene and Pleistocene.

Prosper Mérimée

Prosper Mérimée (September 28, 1803 – September 23, 1870) was a French writer. He was also a historian and an archaeologist. He is probably best known for writing the short story "Carmen". "Carmen" became the basis for the opera "Carmen" by Georges Bizet.

Jerry Hsu

Jerry Hsu (b. December 17, 1981) is an American professional skateboarder. He was born in, and currently lives in, San Jose, California. Hsu is a member of the San Jose Tilt Mode Army crew. He has several pro model skateboard decks with Enjoi Skateboards. Hsu was featured in the skateboard videos "Bag of Suck" by Enjoi. He won an award for best video part by Transworld Skateboarding Magazine and a reader's choice award for his work in the video. 

Barnes &amp; Noble

Barnes & Noble, Inc. is the largest bookseller in the United States. It operates mostly through its "Barnes & Noble Booksellers" chain of bookstores which is based in lower Fifth Avenue in Lower Manhattan, New York City. Barnes & Noble also operated the chain of small B. Dalton Booksellers stores in malls until they announced the liquidation of the chain.

The company is known for large, upscale retail stores. Many of them contain a café serving Starbucks Coffee. Most stores also sell magazines, newspapers, DVDs, graphic novels, gifts, games, and music. Video games and related items were sold in the company's GameStop retail outlets until October 2004. Then, the division was made into its own company.

As of October 2009, the company operates 777 stores in all 50 U.S. states and the District of Columbia. It also has 636 college bookstores, which serves nearly 4 million students and 250,000 faculty members across the country.

Barnes & Noble began in 1873 when Charles Barnes opened a book-printing business in Wheaton, Illinois. Their first true bookstore was set up by his son, William, with G. Clifford Noble, in 1917 in New York City. The original bookstore was at 31 West 15th St., and opened during World War I. In 1932, at the height of the Great Depression, the bookstore was moved to its current location on 18th Street and Fifth Avenue.

The business was bought in 1971 by Leonard Riggio. He oversaw the growth of the business. In 1974, Barnes & Noble became the first bookstore to advertise on television. A year later, the company became the first bookseller in America to discount books. It sold "New York Times" best-selling titles at 40% off the publishers’ list price. During the 1970s and 1980s, Barnes & Noble opened smaller discount stores. These were eventually phased out in favor of larger stores. They also began to publish their own books to be sold to mail-order customers. These titles were mostly low price reissues of out-of-print titles. Selling them through mail-order catalogs allowed Barnes & Noble to reach new customers nationwide.

Barnes & Noble continued to expand throughout the 1980s. In 1987 it purchased the mostly shopping mall-based B. Dalton chain from Dayton Hudson. The last B. Dalton stores closed in January 2010. The purchase of 797 bookstores turned the company into a nationwide retailer. As of the end of fiscal year 1999, the second-largest online bookseller in the United States. B&N's critics claim that it has added to the decline of local and independent booksellers.

It first began selling books online in the late 1980s, but the company’s website was not launched until May 1997. The site now carries over 1 million titles.

In 2002, Leonard Riggio's brother Stephen Riggio was named CEO.

Steve Riggio is vice chairman of the company and served on the board of directors. Riggio began his career at Barnes & Noble in 1975 after graduating from Brooklyn College. After getting his start in the buying and merchandising departments, he became general manager and vice president of the company’s direct mail division. He held this position from 1981 to 1987. Riggio became executive vice president of merchandising in 1987. Then, in 1995, he was appointed chief operating officer. He was appointed CEO in January 2003 and held that position till March 2010. In addition to his career at Barnes & Noble, Riggio serves on the board of directors of the National Book Foundation, Association for the Help of Retarded Children and the National Down Syndrome Society. According to Forbes.com, in 2007 Riggio’s salary is $786,358 a year. He also earns $2,323,942 in other long-term payments, for a yearly grand total of $3,110,480.

Barnes & Noble publishes some of the books it sells. It reprints non-copyrighted titles or gets the American or English language rights from another publisher. In addition, Barnes & Noble pays for reprint anthologies and omnibus editions using in-house editors.

Barnes & Noble began to publish books during the 1980s, when they started reissuing out-of-print titles. One of these titles, "The Gentle Art of Verbal Self-Defense" by Suzette Haden Elgin, has sold over 250,000 copies. The reissued edition of "The Columbia History of the World" by John Garrity has sold over 1 million copies.

Since then, the company has expanded its publishing operation. This expansion was helped by the company’s purchase of SparkNotes, an educational website and publishing company. Further expansions of the company’s publishing business include the purchase of how-to publisher Sterling Publishing in 2003 and the launch of Quamut in 2008.

From around 1992 through early 2003, Barnes & Noble released a series of literary classics for adults and children under the imprint Barnes & Noble Classics Collection. Originally available only in hardcover, most titles came in a black or cream-colored dustjacket edition. In 2003, Barnes & Noble redesigned and expanded its line of literature classics, releasing books in hardcover, trade paperback and mass-market editions.

The first store to feature a café serving Starbucks beverages was in Springfield, New Jersey in 1993. Since then, most stores have been changed or built specifically to feature a cafe. The cafes serve Starbucks beverages, Harney & Sons or Tazo Tea, FIJI Bottled Water, bakery goods from The Cheesecake Factory, candy from Godiva Chocolatiers, sandwiches and other specialty products. Although the cafés are owned and operated by Barnes & Noble, servers follow Starbucks' standards in beverage preparation.

In 2004, Barnes & Noble began offering Wi-Fi in the café area of selected stores, using the AT&T FreedomLink network. All 777 stores currently offer Wi-Fi, an effort which was completed in 2006. As of July 27, 2009, Wi-Fi is offered for free to all customers.

Barnes & Noble hires community relations managers to engage in community outreach. The tasks of these managers include organizing in-store events, such as author appearances, children’s storytimes and book groups. Community relations managers work closely with local schools and groups for the promotion of literacy and the arts. One of the things that Barnes & Noble does in the community is sponsor a children's summer reading program that promotes literacy and puts over 2 million books into the hands of the children each year. Barnes & Noble also hosts bookfairs which raise funds for schools and libraries. The company also hosts an annual holiday book drive to collect books for disadvantaged children. in 2007, 1.16 million books were collected and distributed. To promote nationwide literacy among 1st to 6th graders and encourage more reading during the summer, Barnes & Noble has started a summer challenge where if children read 8 books and write about their reading, Barnes & Noble will give the readers a free book.

Barnes & Noble Nook is an electronic book reader created by the company, based on the Android platform. The device was announced in the United States on 20 October 2009. It was released 30 November 2009 for US$259. nook competes with the Amazon Kindle, Sony Reader, and other readers, and includes Wi-Fi and AT&T 3G wireless connectivity, a six-inch E Ink display, and a separate, smaller color touchscreen that serves as the primary input device.

Barnes & Noble College Booksellers, Inc. is a part of the company which operates bookstores at more than 600 colleges. College Bookstores was previously owned by company chairman Leonard Riggio. It is based in Basking Ridge, New Jersey.

Barnes & Noble College Booksellers says that its store at Fifth Avenue and 18th Street in New York City is the "world's largest bookstore". This store carries a large variety of textbooks, medical books, and medical supplies in addition to the various trade titles carried at the company's main stores.



Wasit Governorate

Wasit () is a province in the east of Iraq. The capital is Al Kut. "Wasit" is an Arabic word meaning "middle". The province is along the Tigris about midway between Baghdad and Misan.

Birth defect

A birth defect (or congenital disorder) is a defect in a baby at birth, or which develops in the first month of life. It is "neutral" as to whether the cause is genetic (inherited birth defect) or environmental (causes in the environment, that is, "outside the foetus"). 

If a condition is said to be "congenital", that is neutral language. Often it is not known what causes a condition found at birth. In common use, it is often redirected to "birth defect". That term is also neutral as to cause. 

There are two main types of congenital defect. The first is caused by genetic abnormalities, which are hereditary. The second may be caused by conditions (such as infectious diseases) which a baby may get. However, we may not know what caused the condition.

Sometimes doctors may find out that a baby has a congenital disorder before its birth. They use prenatal diagnosis and screening tests, such as amniocentesis.

Some gene alleles (versions of a gene) can damage the baby.

Conditions like dwarfism are nearly always genetic in origin. One type, achondroplasia, happens when a child's bones does not grow correctly. Another type is caused by pituitary malfunction, where the pituitary gland, which puts out growth hormones, does not work properly.

Many genetic disorders are caused by mutations (or changes) in gene alleles. Mutations can cause development to go wrong, or a simple biochemical deficiency (the body does not have enough of an important chemical). In the case of a chemical deficiency, the problem may be curable. For example, phenylketonuria was a cause of mental retardation. Doctors came up with a simple test to find which babies have this condition. They found that if these children got treated and followed a strict diet, they could get enough of the chemical they needed. Phenylketonuria now causes few cases of mental retardation.

Cells divide and copy themselves to produce gametes. Sometimes, errors happen in the way that chromosomes are copied during this process. These errors are then copied again and again as cells keep dividing and copying themselves. The most common chromosomal disorder is Down syndrome ('Mongolism'). This condition happens when a child has three copies of the 21st chromosome, instead of two.

The other main type of congenital disorder is caused by an infectious disease being passed from mother to child. For example, If a pregnant woman gets rubella, her child can have many birth defects. Congenital syphilis was common a century ago, and congenital AIDS occurs today, and is common in some parts of Africa.

Screening and antibiotics has caused the number of infections transmitted by the mother to drop. It is a much smaller proportion than a century ago, despite AIDS. Also, maternal nutritional defects are much rarer, except in countries where food supply is limited. Therefore, "genetic disorders have grown as a proportion of the total congenital defects".

Sometimes mothers take chemicals which cause the embryo damage. Any substance that causes birth defects is known as a teratogen.

Drugs taken by the mother may affect development of the embryo. Pregnant women are not allowed to use some drugs. For example, thalidomide should not be used by a pregnant woman, or it can cause many defects in the foetus.

If the mother took certain things during pregnancy, these can lead to problems with the baby. Common examples of such things are smoking tobacco, or drinking alcohol. Food related: Pregnant women should eat well. If a pregnant woman does not receive enough folic acid with her food, the child can get neural tube defects.

Many women give up cigarettes and alcohol when pregnant, because this gives the embryo a better chance of developing normally.

About 3 percent of all babies have what is called a "major physical anomaly". This is something that damages the way the baby looks, or how it functions (its physiology).

Birth defects involving the brain are the most common problems. They concern about 10 per 1000 live births, compared to heart problems, at 8 per 1000, kidney problems at 4 per 1000, and limbs at 1 per 1000. All other physical anomalies together occur in 6 per 1000 live births. The human brain has had changes and expansion fairly recently in evolutionary terms. 

Birth defects of the heart have the highest risk of death during childhood. They are the cause of 28% of infant deaths due to birth defects. chromosomal abnormalities and respiratory abnormalities each account for 15%, and brain malformations about 12%. About 10% of deaths in children are because of a genetic disease. This is (in modern times) more than the number of deaths caused by infectious diseases.

China Birth Deformity Monitoring Centre says that one baby with birth defects is born every 30 seconds in China.

Pregnancies which do not come to term (miscarriages) have similar causes to birth defects. Many will be due to failures in the genetics controlling development of the embryo.

Most clinically apparent miscarriages (two thirds to three-quarters in various studies) occur during the first trimester. Chromosomal abnormalities are found in more than half of embryos miscarried in the first 13 weeks.

A pregnancy with a genetic problem has a 95% probability of ending in miscarriage. Genetic problems are more likely to occur with older parents; this may account for the higher miscarriage rates observed in older women.


Scrambled eggs

Scrambled eggs is a dish made from beaten whites and yolks of eggs (usually chicken). The dish often contains other ingredients. Cream, butter, milk, water or oil (used in China) will dilute the egg proteins to create a softer texture.

The eggs and a large piece of butter are put into a saucepan over a low heat. The egg whites and egg yolks are then "scrambled" or mixed together. The mixture should be mixed together all the time they are being cooked.

When cooked a little créme frâiche is added. This is because the eggs will be hot enough to carry on cooking themselves. Adding a cool liquid will stop the eggs from overcooking. Some salt and pepper or other seasoning can be added to taste as well.

In the home the eggs can be mixed together first and then poured into a pan. The créme frâiche does not need to be added if the eggs will be eaten almost immediately.

Properly made, the eggs should be moist and creamy consistency. If any liquid is coming from the eggs, it means the eggs have been overcooked or that the add the vegetables were undercooked.

Using a double boiler or "bain-marie" means that the heat is constant, and does not to be adjusted to make sure the eggs do not brown or burn. The baine marie method is slower than cooking directly in a pan over a heat but makes it easier to cook the eggs perfectly. The eggs must be taken out of the bain marie when cooked, otherwise they will carry on cooking and spoil.

Scrambled eggs may also be made in a microwave oven by put the ingredients in a glass bowl and cooking for 30 seconds then whisking, then cooking and whisking again until the desired consistency is achieved.

Many things can be added to scrambled eggs. Often the end result can have a different name, for example:







Elizabeth of Bohemia

Elizabeth of Bohemia (born Elizabeth Stuart, August 19 1596 to February 13 1662) was a Scottish born Queen of Bohemia. As well as being Queen of Bohemia, she was also titled Electress of Palatine and Princess Elizabeth Stuart of Scotland Elizabeth was the oldest daughter of King James VI of Scotland (later, James I of England) and his wife, Anne of Denmark. Her brother was Charles I. She was Queen of Bohemia only for a few months so she is sometimes called "The Winter Queen".

Elizabeth was born at Falkland Palace in Fife, Scotland. Her father gave her the name Elizabeth to make Queen Elizabeth I of England happy. The Queen had no children. James wanted her to choose him to be King of England when she died. She later agreed and James VI became King James I of England (as well as Wales and Ireland) in 1603. Elizabeth Stuart now had a higher status. This meant meant that more important men would want to marry her.

At this time, there was strong fighting between Catholics and Protestants in England. King James was a devout Protestant, and many Catholics did not like him because he persecuted many papists by levying taxes against them, banning Mass, and even executing people for being heretics and witches if they didn’t denounce Catholicism. In 1605, a group decided to try to blow up the English Parliament with gunpowder when King James was there. This is called The Gunpowder Plot. The group planned to kidnap Princess Elizabeth from Coombe Abbey, in Warwickshire. They wanted to make her the Queen. Because she was only nine years old, important Catholics would have the real power over her kingdoms. In the end, the group were found before they could kill King James.

On February 14 1613, Elizabeth married Frederick V. He was the Elector of the Palatinate. She moved to his court at Heidelberg. Frederick was the leader of an important group of Protestant princes, called the Evangelical Union. James wanted Elizabeth to marry someone from this group so he could have a stronger friendship with them. 

In 1619, Frederick was asked to become King of Bohemia. He and Elizabeth moved to Prague. There was also strong fighting between different religious groups there. After only a few months of being King, Frederick had to leave the country. Because she was queen for such a short time, Elizabeth is sometimes called ‘The Winter Queen’. She was also called ‘Queen of Hearts’ because many people liked her.

Elizabeth and Frederick lived in exile in The Hague. They could not return to Bohemia. Frederick died in 1632 and Elizabeth lived in Holland for most of the rest of her life. After her brother’s son, Charles, became King of England and Scotland, she went to London to see him. She died there in 1662, when she was 65 years old.

She had thirteen children in total. Charles I Louis, became Elector of the Palatine in 1648. Her other children were: Frederick Henry von der Pfalz, Elisabeth of Bohemia, Princess Palatine, Prince Rupert of the Rhine, Louise Marie of the Palatinate, Prince Maurice von Simmern, Edward, Count Palatine of Simmern and Sophia of Hanover. After the 1701 Act of Settlement, Electress Sophia and her children were made heirs to the English and Scottish thrones. This means that all Kings and Queens of Great Britain after George I are Elizabeth’s descendants.

The Elizabeth River in Southeastern Virginia was named in honour of the princess. Cape Elizabeth a peninsula and, today, a town in the U.S. state of Maine was also named for her. John Smith explored and mapped New England. He gave names to places mainly based on the names used by Native Americans. When Smith showed his map to Charles I, he said that the king should feel free to change the "barbarous names" for "English" ones. The king made many such changes. Only four survive today. One of which is Cape Elizabeth.

Saladin Governorate

Salah ad Din () is a province in north of Iraq. The province has an area of 24,751 km². The capital is Tikrit where Saddam Hussein was born and 1,147,000 people live in the province. The majority population is Sunni. In 2011, the province declared autonomy.

LATAM Airlines Brasil

LATAM Airlines Brazil () is Brazilian airline. LATAM was founded in 1961, but since 2000 it has grown fast. It's now the biggest airline in Brazil and all of Latin America.

TAM Airlines began in 1961, with the name "Taxi Aereo Marília" (Marília Air Taxi). In 1971, one of the airline's pilots buys 33% of the airline's shares. In 1976, the pilot founds an airline with the name "Transportes Aereos Regionais" (Regional Air Transport). Both "TAM" and "TAR" Airlines were combined in 2000. This formed the TAM Airlines. In 2010, LAN Airlines and TAM Airlines were also combined. They formed the LATAM Airlines Group. 

Al-Qādisiyyah Governorate

Al-Qādisiyyah () is a province in south of Iraq. The capital is Al Diwaniyah.

Limb

A limb is a part of the body of a living creature, which extends from its trunk. Examples are the branches of a tree, and the legs of a man.

In normal human body, there are four limbs: two "upper limbs" (arms) and two "lower limbs" (legs). Each limb has several joints.

Natalee Holloway

Natalee Holloway (born October 21, 1986), from Mountain Brook, Alabama, United States, disappeared on May 30, 2005 during a graduation trip in Aruba. Holloway remains officially missing to this day, although according to Aruban authorities, she is most likely dead. The disappearance generated a media sensation in both the U.S. and Aruba and sparked considerable interest in the Netherlands.

Holloway was scheduled to fly home later on May 30, but failed to appear for her flight. She was last seen by her classmates outside Carlos'n Charlie's, a Caribbean chain restaurant and nightclub in Oranjestad, in a car with locals Joran van der Sloot and brothers Deepak and Satish Kalpoe. When questioned, the three men said they dropped her off at her hotel and denied knowing what became of Holloway. Upon further investigation by authorities, Van der Sloot was arrested twice on suspicion of involvement in her disappearance and the Kalpoes were each arrested three times. Due to lack of evidence the three men were released without charge after each arrest.

Natalee Ann Holloway was born October 21, 1986, in Clinton, Mississippi, the daughter of David Edward Holloway and Elizabeth Ann ("Beth") Holloway. Her parents divorced in 1993, and she and her younger brother Matthew were raised by their mother. In 2000, Elizabeth Holloway married George "Jug" Twitty, a prominent Alabama businessman, and Natalee moved with her family to Mountain Brook, Alabama. Holloway graduated with honors from Mountain Brook High School. She was also a member of the National Honor Society, her school Dance squad, and was a participant in other extracurricular activities.

On Thursday, May 26, 2005, Holloway and 124 fellow graduates of Mountain Brook High School, located in a wealthy suburb of Birmingham, Alabama, arrived in Aruba for a five-day, unofficial graduation trip. The graduates were accompanied by seven chaperones. According to teacher and chaperone Bob Plummer, the chaperones met with the students each day to ensure nothing was wrong. However, Jodi Bearman—the chaperone who organized the trip—has stated, "the chaperones were not supposed to keep up with their every move".
Police Commissioner Gerold Dompig, who would head the investigation from mid-2005 until 2006, described the behavior of the Mountain Brook students, stating there was "wild partying, a lot of drinking, lots of room switching every night. We know the Holiday Inn told them they were not welcome next year. Natalee, we know, she drank all day every day.

Holloway was last seen by her classmates leaving the Aruban bar and night club Carlos'n Charlie's around 1:30 a.m. on Monday, May 30. Holloway left with 17-year-old Joran van der Sloot, a Dutch honors student living in Aruba and attending the Aruba International School, and his two Surinamese friends, 21-year-old Deepak Kalpoe and 18-year-old Satish Kalpoe, in Deepak Kalpoe's car. Holloway, who had been scheduled to fly home later on May 30, did not appear for her return flight.

On May 30, 2005, immediately following Holloway's missed flight, Jug and Beth Twitty traveled to Aruba with friends by private jet. Within four hours of landing in Aruba, the Twittys presented the Aruban police with the name and address of Van der Sloot as the person with whom Holloway left the nightclub. Beth Twitty has stated that Van der Sloot's full name was given to her by the night manager at the Holiday Inn, who supposedly recognized him on a videotape. The Twittys and their friends, with two Aruban policemen, went to the Van der Sloot home looking for Holloway. Van der Sloot initially denied knowing Holloway's name, but he then told the following story, with which Deepak Kalpoe, who was present, agreed. Van der Sloot related that they drove Holloway to the California Lighthouse area of Arashi Beach because Holloway wanted to see sharks, before dropping Holloway off at her hotel around 2:00 a.m. According to Van der Sloot, Holloway fell down as she exited the car but refused Van der Sloot's help. He stated that she was then approached by a dark man in a black shirt similar to those worn by security guards as the young men drove away.

The search for physical evidence was extensive and, on occasion, subject to false leads; for example, a possible blood sample taken from Deepak Kalpoe's car was tested but determined not to be blood.

On June 9, 2005, Van der Sloot and the Kalpoe brothers were arrested on suspicion of kidnapping and murdering Holloway. Aruban law allows for arrest on serious suspicion from investigators; to continue holding the suspect in custody, an increasing evidentiary burden must be met at periodic reviews. According to Dompig, the focus was on these three suspects from the "get-go". Dompig stated that surveillance of the three began three days after Holloway was reported missing, and included surveillance, telephone wire taps, and even monitoring of their e-mail. Dompig indicated pressure from Holloway's family caused them to stop their surveillance prematurely and to detain the three suspects. On Monday, July 4, following hearings before a judge, Deepak and Satish Kalpoe were released, but Joran van der Sloot was detained for an additional sixty days.

On April 15, 2006 Geoffrey von Cromvoirt was arrested by Aruban authorities on suspicion of criminal offenses related to dealing in illegal narcotics that, according to the prosecutor, might have been related to the disappearance of Holloway. At his first court appearance, his detention was extended for eight days. However, Von Cromvoirt was released on April 25, 2006. In addition, another individual with initials "A.B." was arrested on April 22, 2006, but was released the same day.

On May 17, 2006 another suspect Guido Wever the son of a former Aruban politician, was detained in the Netherlands on suspicion of assisting in the abducting, battering, and killing of Holloway. Wever was questioned for six days in Utrecht. While initially Aruban prosecutors sought his transfer to the island, he was instead released by agreement between the prosecutor and Wever's attorney.

With Aruban investigators citing what was described as newly discovered evidence, Joran van der Sloot and Satish and Deepak Kalpoe were rearrested November 21, 2007, on suspicion of involvement in "manslaughter and causing serious bodily harm that resulted in the death of Holloway". Van der Sloot was detained by Dutch authorities in the Netherlands, while the Kalpoe brothers were both detained in Aruba. Van der Sloot subsequently returned to Aruba and was incarcerated.

In November 2007, Dave Holloway announced a new search for his daughter, probing the sea beyond the original depths in which earlier searches had taken place. That search, involving a vessel called the "Persistence", was abandoned due to lack of funds at the end of February 2008 with nothing of significance found.

On November 30, 2007, a judge ordered the release of Satish and Deepak Kalpoe, despite attempts by the prosecution to extend their detention. The two brothers were released on the following day. The prosecution appealed the Kalpoes' release. That appeal was denied on December 5, 2007, with the court writing, "Notwithstanding expensive and lengthy investigations on her disappearance and on people who could be involved, the file against the suspect does not contain direct indications that Natalee passed away due to a violent crime". Van der Sloot was released without charge on December 7, 2007, due to lack of evidence implicating him as well as a lack of evidence that Holloway died as the result of a violent crime. The prosecution indicated it would not appeal.

On December 18, 2007, prosecutor Hans Mos officially declared the case closed, and that no charges would be filed due to lack of evidence. The prosecution indicated a continuing interest in the Kalpoes and Joran van der Sloot (though they are now no longer legally suspects), and alleged that one of the three, in a chat room message, had stated that Holloway was dead. This was hotly contested by Deepak Kalpoe's attorney, who stated that the prosecution, in translating from Papiamento to Dutch, had misconstrued a reference to a teacher who had drowned as one to Holloway. Attorney Ronald Wix also stated, "Unless (Mos) finds a body in the bathroom of one of these kids, there's no way in hell they can arrest them anymore".

On January 31, 2008, Dutch crime reporter Peter R. de Vries claimed that he had solved the Holloway case. De Vries stated that he would tell all on a special television program on Dutch TV on February 3. Beth Twitty's attorney, John Q. Kelly, told ABC News that he had little faith that the supposed evidence would prove pivotal to the case and suggested that it would be quickly debunked.

The broadcast aired February 3, 2008. The broadcast included excerpts from footage recorded from hidden cameras and microphones in the vehicle of Patrick van der Eem, a Dutch businessman and ex-con, who gained Van der Sloot's confidence. Van der Sloot was seen smoking marijuana and stating that he was with Holloway when she began convulsively shaking, then became unresponsive. Van der Sloot stated that he attempted to revive her, without success. He said that he called a friend, who told Van der Sloot to go home and who disposed of the body. An individual reputed to be this friend, identified in the broadcast as Daury, has subsequently denied Van der Sloot's account, indicating that he was then in Rotterdam at school.

On February 8, 2008, Van der Sloot met with Aruban investigators in the Netherlands. Van der Sloot denied that what he said on the tape was true, stating that he was under the influence of marijuana at the time. Van der Sloot indicated that he still maintains that he left Holloway behind on the beach.

On March 20, 2009, Dave Holloway flew a search dog to Aruba to search a small reservoir in northern Aruba, previously identified by a supposed witness as a possible location of Natalee's remains. Aruban authorities indicated that they had no new information in the case, but that Holloway had been given permission to conduct the search.

On February 23, 2010, it was reported that Joran van der Sloot had stated in an interview (first offered to RTL Group in 2009) that he had disposed of Holloway's body in a marsh on Aruba. New chief prosecutor Peter Blanken indicated that authorities had investigated the latest story, and had dismissed it. Blanken stated that "The locations, names, and times he gave just did not make sense".

An underwater photograph taken by an American tourist while snorkeling in October 2009 was publicized in March 2010 after the photographer stated that the image depicted something on the sea bed which resembled human remains. Aruban authorities indicated that they would send a dive team to examine the site.

Beth Twitty alleged in televised interviews that Joran van der Sloot and the Kalpoe brothers know more than they have told, and that at least one of them sexually assaulted or raped her daughter. Twitty has stated that she has received copies of police statements stating that Joran van der Sloot admitted having sex with Holloway at his home and described intimate details of her. She has never released copies of the alleged statement, though she characterizes them as admissions of "sexual assault" and Vinda de Sousa, former Holloway–Twitty family Aruban attorney, has indicated that no such admission was made. In addition, Dompig has denied that any such statement was made, stating that Van der Sloot and the Kalpoe brothers consistently denied having sex with Holloway.

Twitty has been criticized for her focus on Joran van der Sloot and the Kalpoe brothers, to the exclusion of any other theory as to what happened to Holloway. According to the lawsuit filed by the Kalpoe brothers, she has (on various television programs) repeatedly accused them, and Joran van der Sloot, of "sexual assault" and "gang rape" of her daughter.

Following the airing of the De Vries program, Beth Twitty, adhering to the position that the tapes represent the way events transpired, told the "New York Post" that she believes her daughter might still be alive if Van der Sloot had called for help. She contends that Van der Sloot dumped Holloway's body, possibly alive, into the Caribbean. Twitty also alleges that the individual Joran van der Sloot supposedly called that evening was his father, Paulus, who, according to Twitty, "orchestrated what to do next". She, and Dave Holloway, alleged that Joran van der Sloot was receiving "special legal favors". After the court decision not to rearrest Van der Sloot was affirmed, Twitty stated, "I think that what I do take comfort in, his life is a living hell", later adding, "I'd be good with a "Midnight Express" prison anywhere for Joran.

Twitty's book "Loving Natalee: A Mother's Testament of Hope and Faith",written under the name "Beth Holloway", which she has resumed following her divorce from Jug Twitty, was released on October 2, 2007. The release was accompanied by a number of TV appearances, including a full hour on "On the Record". A television movie, titled "Natalee Holloway", based in part on Beth Twitty's book, was made by LMN (formerly the Lifetime Movie Network). Twitty has continued to make television appearances when there were new developments in the case.

In October 2008, the Lifetime Movie Network (LMN) announced plans to create a television movie, "The Natalee Holloway Story", based on Beth Twitty's book "Loving Natalee: A Mother's Testament of Hope and Faith". The senior vice president of original movies, Tanya Lopez, stated in the announcement that the network was "pleased to be working closely with Natalee's mother" and that they intended to tell the story of Holloway's disappearance "sensitively and accurately". The movie was expected to focus on Beth Twitty's involvement in the search for Holloway. The movie, which aired April 19, 2009, under the title "Natalee Holloway", stars Tracy Pollan as Beth Holloway, Grant Show as George "Jug" Twitty, and Amy Gumenick as Natalee Holloway. The movie brought in the highest television ratings in Lifetime's 11-year history, with average viewership of 3.2 million people and more than 1 million women in the 18-49 age bracket. Although the movie set ratings records for Lifetime, the movie was not received well by critic Alec Harvey of "The Birmingham News". Harvey called the movie "sloppy and uneven, a forgettable look at the tragedy that consumed the nation's attention for months".

U.S. television networks devoted much air time to the search for Holloway, the investigation of her disappearance, and rumors surrounding the case. Greta Van Susteren, host of Fox News' "On The Record", and Nancy Grace on CNN's "Headline News" were among the most prominent television personalities to devote time to the incident. Van Susteren's almost continuous coverage of the story caused "On The Record" to get its best ratings to date, while Grace's show became the cornerstone of the new "Headline Prime" block on Headline News, which ran two episodes (a live show and a repeat) every night during prime-time. As the case wore on, much of the attention was given to Beth Twitty and her statements. Aruban government spokesman Ruben Trapenberg stated, "The case is under a microscope, and the world is watching". Locally, the Aruban press published extensive news on the story in Dutch, English, and Papiamento.

The saturation of coverage triggered a backlash among some critics who argued that such extensive media attention validates the "missing white woman syndrome" theory, which argues that missing-person cases involving white skinned women and girls receive disproportionate attention in the media compared with cases involving white males or people of color. CNN ran a segment criticizing the amount of coverage their competitors gave to the story despite what they characterized as a lack of new items to report, with CNN news anchor Anderson Cooper calling the coverage "downright ridiculous".

Early in the case, political commentator and columnist Arianna Huffington wrote, "If you were to get your news only from television, you'd think the top issue facing our country right now is an 18-year-old girl named Natalee who went missing in Aruba. Every time one of these stories comes up, like, say, Michael Jackson, when it's finally over I think, what a relief, now we can get back to real news. But we never do".

In March 2008, "El Diario" commented, "But if doubts persist about cases involving missing Latinas, there are reasons why. These cases rarely receive the attention and resources we see given to other missing persons. The English-language media, for example, appear to be focused on the stories of missing white women, such as with the disappearance of Natalee Holloway in Aruba. Cases of missing Latina and African American women often remain faceless, when they are even covered".

Australosphenida

Australophenida are a clade of mammals which has nearly entirely died out. Today, living specimen exist only in Australia and New Guinea with only five surviving species species, but fossils have been in Madagascar and Argentina. Species consist are of the platypus and echidnas.
This grouping includes the following animals:

Steropodontidae

Steropodontidae was a family of monotremes that are known fossils from the Early Cretaceous in Australia.


Steropodon

Steropodon galmanii was a prehistoric species of monotreme, or a egg-laying mammal, that lived during the Mesozoic, in the Lower Cretaceous period. It is the second-earliest known relative of the platypus: the earlist is called "Teinolophos".


Kollikodon

Kollikodon ritchiei is a fossil monotreme species. It is known from an opalised teeth fragment, with one premolar and two molars in situ. The fossil was found al Lightning Ridge, New South Wales, Australia.


Teinolophos

Teinolophos trusleri was a prehistoric species of monotreme, or egg-laying mammal. It is known from a lower jawbone found in Flat Rocks, Victoria, Australia. It lived during the Lower Cretaceous, about 123 million years ago (mya).

Obdurodon

Obdurodon is a extinct monotreme genus. "Obdurodon" differed from modern Platypuses in that it still had teeth (except for juveniles, the modern platypus does not have teeth).


Mario (disambiguation)

Mario is a Nintendo video game character. Mario or Mario Son may also mean:



Curtiss P-40 Warhawk

The Curtiss P-40 (also called the Tomahawk, Warhawk, and Kittyhawk) was a fighter aircraft that could also be used for attacking things on the ground. It was made by Curtiss. It first flew in 1938 and saw combat during World War II. It was not as fast high up as the German Luftwaffe fighters, but was used a lot in other places. It was used not only the United States Army Air Force, but also a mercenary air force called the "Flying Tigers." They put the mouth of a shark on their P-40s. It could fly to 360 miles per hour. In 1948, the United States Air Force stopped using it.

Flying Tigers

The Flying Tigers was a group of American fighter pilots from the United States Army Air Force, the United States Navy, and the United States Marine Corps. Claire Lee Chennault commanded it.

During 1937, Claire Lee Chennault retired from the American military and became the military advisor to China. He to looked at their air force. It was bad, and could not fight their enemy, Japan. In 1938, Chennault was going to make the Flying Tigers. In late 1941, after Pearl Harbor, the Flying Tigers started fighting the Japanese.

The airplane they used was the Curtiss P-40 Warhawk. There were about 100 of the fighter aircraft. They could not turn with the Japanese fighters, such as the A6M Zero, Ki-43 Oscar, and Ki-27 Nate, but the P-40 was tough, had more guns, and was faster in a dive.

The Flying Tigers stayed in World War II for the whole time.

The Flying Tigers are well known for things. One thing was their airplane paint, which had a shark face on the sides. They were also known for fighting hard during the war. Franklin D. Roosevelt had said they were good.

The following are flying aces from the Flying Tigers, with their air-to-air victory credits: (In alphabetical order).


Shusha

Shusha is a city in Azerbaijan. The city is a major centre of Azerbaijani culture and music.

Shusha was founded in 1750-1752 by Panah-Ali khan Javanshir (r. 1748-1763), the founder and the first ruler of the Karabakh Khanate (Qarabağ xanlığı - in Azerbaijani). The first capital of the Karabakh khanate was the castle of Bayat, built in 1748 in the district of Kebirli. However, soon afterwards Panah Ali khan realized that in order to secure himself and his newly established khanate from external threats, he needed to build a new more reliable castle. Shusha was turned into the capital of the Karabakh khanate.

Shusha was a popular mountainous-climatic recreation resort in Azerbaijan.

On May 8, 1992, the city was captured by the Armenian forces and all of the city's predominantly Azerbaijani population was either expelled or killed. It was recaptured by Azerbaijan on 8 November, 2020 during the 2020 Nagorno-Karabakh war, with the city's Armenian population fleeing beforehand.


Doritos

Doritos (), is a brand of flavored corn (maize) tortilla chip snack. They have been made by the American food company Frito-Lay since 1966. They come in different flavors, including Nacho Cheese and Cool Ranch. They may be eaten with a dip such as salsa. They are made with a few different vegetables and are not fruit products. They have a savory flavor. They are made by Frito-Lays. They are typically triangular in appearance and orange or yellow in color. They are a very popular chip.










Mount Silverthrone

Mount Silverthrone is a 20 km wide, deeply dissected caldera complex in southwestern British Columbia, Canada. Most of its eruptions occurred during the last ice age. The products have since been heavily eroded. It is the highest peak in the Ha-Iltzuk Icefield, the largest icefield in the Coast Mountains south of the Alaska Panhandle.

AIM-9 Sidewinder

The AIM-9 Sidewinder is a short-range air-to-air missile, which means it is shot from an aircraft to hit another aircraft. It is a heat seeking infrared missile, which locks on to something that gives out a large heat signature

. It first flew in 1953, and went into air forces in 1956. It was used during the Vietnam War along with the AIM-7 Sparrow. The AIM-9 of that time was made for shooting at an enemy from behind and homing in on the engine. In Vietnam it hit only 10-20% of the time, and could be fooled. Sometimes it could lock on to the sun or other bogus heat source and not an enemy airplane.

Later versions are better. They can see the enemy aircraft from all directions, not just from behind. They have a good hitting rate and can hit from 11 miles. Sidewinders are carried on many different aircraft around the world.

X-intercept

The x-intercept of a line on a graph is where the line touches (intercepts) the x-axis.


Liberty

Liberty means the condition in which an individual has the ability to act following his or her own will and alternatively, achieve their potential, within the context of other words like political freedom. It is a term that has contested meanings.

Communism and socialism claim to have something defined as liberty for them because of their social equality ideals. Libertarians and classical liberals think communism is against Liberty because communism is most of the times against the individual basic rights (life, freedom and property).

Classical liberalism conceptions of liberty conceive mainly of the freedom of the individual from outside compulsion in terms of freedom from restraint and social liberalist perspective, on the other hand, highlights the need for social and economic equality, as in the power and resources to fulfill one's potential. As such, a social connects liberty (i.e. freedom) to the equal distribution of political power (i.e. democracy) in the sense of positive liberty. They argue that liberty without equality means the domination of the most powerful. Thus, freedom and democracy are seen as connected and ultimately, antagonistic.

John Stuart Mill, in his work, "On Liberty", was the first to recognize the difference between liberty as the freedom to act and liberty as not being forced to do something. Mill also sought to define the "nature and limits of the power which can be legitimately exercised by society over the individual” and as such, he describes an inherent and continuous antagonism between liberty and authority and thus, the prevailing question becomes "how to make the fitting adjustment between individual independence and social control".

There are mainly ten types of Freedom. They are:





Liberty (disambiguation)

Liberty generally means the condition in which an individual has the ability to act following his or her own will.

Liberty may also refer to:







Liberty is the name of a number of places in the United States:



Dignity

Dignity in humans involves the earning or the expectation of personal respect or esteem.

"All human beings are born free and equal in dignity and rights. They are endowed with reason and conscience and should act towards one another in a spirit of brotherhood".
Article 1 of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights

It is easy to show that many societies do not agree with this in practice. The civilised Greeks and Romans regarded other races as barbarians. A shocking example was Aristotle's advice to Alexander to be 'a leader to the Greeks and a despot to the barbarians, to look after the former as after friends and relatives, and to deal with the latter as with beasts or plants'. Many societies based on religion have treated persons of other religions harshly, with little dignity. And sometimes political movements have deliberately and openly talked about and treated some groups as not having human dignity. Nazi treatment of the Jews came after a long period of propaganda against their humanity and dignity.



Dignity (disambiguation)

Dignity in humans involves the earning or the expectation of personal respect or of esteem.

Dignity could also mean:

In music:

Concepts:

Relating to non-governmental organisations:

Political Parties:

Dignity may also refer to:

Association

Association can mean:


Voluntary association

A voluntary association or union is a group of individuals who voluntarily enter into an agreement to form a body (or organization) to work together for a purpose.

In most of the cases no formalities are necessary to start an association. But in some jurisdictions, there is a minimum for the number of persons starting an association, in others the association must register with the police or other official body to inform the public of the association's existence. This is not necessarily a tool of political control but much more a way of protecting the economy from fraud.

An unincorporated association has been defined as existing:

In most countries, an unincorporated association does not have separate legal personality, and nor do members of the association usually enjoy limited liability. However, in some countries they are treated as having separate legal personality for tax purposes.

Associations that are organized for profit or financial gain are usually called partnerships. A special kind of partnership is a co-operative which is usually founded on one man–one vote principle and distributes its profits according to the amount of goods produced or bought by the member. Associations may take the form of a non-profit organization or they may be not-for-profit corporations; this does not mean that the association cannot make benefits from its activity, but all the benefits must be reinvested. Most associations have some kind of document or documents that regulate the way in which the body meets and operates. Such an instrument is often called the organization's bylaws, regulations, or agreement of association.

The freedom of association stands in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights:



Helen Keller

Helen Adams Keller was an American writer and speaker. She was born in Tuscumbia, Alabama in 1880 to Arthur H. Keller and Kate Adams Keller. When she was nineteen months old she became sick and lost her eyesight and hearing. The doctor didn't know what it was, so he called it a "congestion of the stomach and brain." Some people say that it was scarlet fever or meningitis. Communicating with other people was hard for Helen, because she could not see or hear. She made up some home signs that she used to communicate with her family. The home signs were quite simple, pull meant "come", push meant "go" and so on. Sometimes Helen's family did not understand what Helen was meaning with her home signs. That made Helen frustrated and she had temper tantrums. 

When Helen was seven years old, her family decided to find a teacher for her. They wrote to Michael Anagnos, who was the director of the Perkins Institute and Asylum for the Blind. They asked him to help them find a teacher for their daughter. He wrote to them and told them that he knew a young teacher and her name was Annie Sullivan. She had been blind, but a series of operations helped to restore her eyesight. Annie traveled to Alabama to live with Helen’s family and to teach her. Annie went to live with the Keller family in March, 1887.

Annie helped Helen to learn how to communicate with other people. She taught her the names of things by writing the words on Helen’s hand. At first Helen didn't understand the meaning of the words. The first word Helen understood was "water". She learned this word when Annie put Helen's hand under some water and wrote W,A,T,E,R on her hand. Then she learnt the words and sentences with this method. In 1890, Helen’s family sent her to the Perkins Institute to learn how to speak and communicate. When she was nineteen years old, Helen went to Radcliffe College in Massachusetts. She graduated from Radcliffe in 1904. She was the first deaf and blind person to earn a Bachelor of Arts degree.

In 1903, Helen wrote a book about her life. It was called "The Story of My Life". The movie "The Miracle Worker", made in 1962, was based on Helen's book. She also wrote a book about Annie Sullivan called "Teacher". She wrote twelve other books.

Helen tried to help poor people and other blind people during her life. She traveled to over 39 countries with Annie to talk about her life and experiences. When Helen was in Japan, she met Hachiko, a famous Akita. She decided to adopt an Akita, and was the first person to bring an Akita to America.

Helen Keller wanted to get married. She fell in love with her secretary, but her mother didn't allow Helen to marry him. At that time, disabled people often could not marry. Helen Keller died in her sleep on June 1, 1968, at Arcan Ridge in Connecticut.

Pausanias (geographer)

Pausanias (Greek: ) was a Greek traveller and geographer of the 2nd century A.D., who lived in the times of Hadrian, Antoninus Pius and Marcus Aurelius. He is famous for his "Description of Greece" (), a lengthy work that describes ancient Greece from firsthand observations. He is a crucial link between classical literature and modern archaeology.

Pausanias was probably a native of Lydia; he was certainly familiar with the western coast of Asia Minor, but his travels extended far beyond the limits of Ionia. Before visiting Greece he had been to Antioch, Joppa and Jerusalem, and to the banks of the River Jordan. In Egypt he had seen the Pyramids, while at the temple of Ammon he had been shown the hymn once sent to that shrine by Pindar. In Macedonia he had almost certainly viewed the traditional tomb of Orpheus. Crossing over to Italy, he had seen something of the cities of Campania and of the wonders of Rome. He was one of the first to write of seeing the ruins of Troy, Alexandria Troas, and Mycenae.

Pausanias' "Description of Greece" takes the form of a tour in Ionia on the coast of Asia Minor and in the Peloponnese and part of northern Greece. He constantly describes ceremonial rites or superstitious customs. He frequently introduces narratives from the domain of history and of legend and folklore, and it is only rarely that he allows the reader to see something of the scenery.



Dignitas

In Ancient Rome, Dignitas was regarded as the sum of the personal influence that a male citizen acquired throughout his life. It included personal reputation, moral standing, and ethical worth and the man's entitlement to respect and proper treatment as well.

The word does not have a direct connotation or translation in English. Some interpretations include dignity (merely a derivation) and prestige. The Oxford Latin Dictionary defines the expression as fitness, suitability, worthiness, visual impressiveness or distinction, dignity of style and gesture, rank, status, position, standing, esteem, importance, and honor.

Authors who had used "dignitas" extensively in their writings and oratories include M. Tullius Cicero, Julius Caesar, Cornelius Tacitus, and T. Livius (Livy). The most prolific user was Cicero, who initially related it to the established term auctoritas. These two words were highly associated, auctoritas was thought to be the expression of a man’s "dignitas".

Over the course of Ancient Roman history, "dignitas" took on different meanings over time, adjusting for the gradually changing viewpoints of society, politicians, and the various authors.

Years after Caesar's death, his heir Augustus rejected the contemporary meaning of "dignitas". Augustus found the related term "auctoritas" to be a suitable alternative.


Tacitus

Publius (or Gaius) Cornelius Tacitus (ca. 56 – ca. 117) was a senator and a historian of the Roman Empire. The surviving parts of his two major works—the "Annals" and the "Histories"—report about the reigns of the Roman Emperors Tiberius, Claudius, Nero, Galba, Otho, Vitellius, and Vespasian.

Experts believe Tacitus wrote these five works that have survived. The dates are approximate:




Tacitus (disambiguation)

Tacitus was a Roman historian. Other people and things named "Tacitus" include:


Connotation

Connotation is a meaning that is suggested or implied, as opposed to a denotation, or literal definition. 

Today the word has different meanings, but it is always used for the contrast of a word or phrase with its primary, literal meaning (known as a denotation). That can be an implied value judgement or feelings.



Margrave

A Margrave () is a German nobleman. 

Originally the Holy Roman Emperor would give a Markgraf an area of the borders (the Marches or ) to look after. The Margrave would have to protect the people in the area from invaders, and at the same time protect the empire. 

A Markgraf ranked higher than a graf, but lower than a duke. The Margraves of Brandenburg were in control of such an important area that they were made Electors of the Holy Roman Empire, which was the highest honour in the Imperial Parliament. There were no Kings in the Empire, so when the Margraves of Brandenburg took control of some territory outside the empire as well, they could call themselves King in Prussia.

As the Middle Ages ended and Europe and the Holy Roman Empire became more secure the military importance of the Margraves became less. At the end of the German Empire in 1918, there were no Markgrafs left. All had been given higher title, but may have kept the Markgraf title as an extra. The Kings of Prussia, for example, always kept the lower title Margraves of Brandenburg.

Meppel

Meppel is a city and a municipality in the north east of the Netherlands (in the province Drenthe). On January 1, 2007 it had about 31,063 inhabitants. It has a density of 558/km² (1,445.2/sq mi). The timezone in Meppel is CET.

Meppel received city rights in 1644. It is the oldest town of Drenthe.

In the World War II almost all the Jews of Meppel were killed. 232 of the 250 were killed, so 18 survived it. Now there is a monument in Meppel for all those who died.

These are the cities in the municipality of Meppel.

Diego Velázquez de Cuéllar

Diego Velázquez de Cuéllar (1465 - 1524) was a Spanish soldier and colonial administrator (a "Conquistador").He conquered and governed Cuba for Spain. He is often called "Diego de Velázquez" by Dominican historians (that is the name used in the Appleton's Cyclopedia).

He was born in Cuéllar, near Segovia, Spain. He came to America in the second voyage of Christopher Columbus in 1493. He spent 17 years in the Hispaniola, living most of the time in the southwestern region of the island.

He worked together with the Spanish governor Nicolás de Ovando in the fight against the Taíno Indians of the region. He founded and governed several towns: Azua de Compostela (1504), San Juan de la Maguana (1503), Bánica (1504), Salvatierra de la Sabana (1504, now Les Cayes, Haiti), Santa María de la Verapaz (near the present Port-au-Prince, Haiti), Villanueva de Yáquimo (now Jacmel, Haiti).

In 1511, he left from Salvatierra de la Sabana with 300 men and three or four ships to the island of Cuba to conquer that island. He was the first governor of the island and he founded several cities, Nuestra Señora de la Asunción de Baracoa (the first European city in Cuba and its first capital) in 1511, San Salvador del Bayamo (1513), Santiago de Cuba in 1514 and Havana in 1515.

In 1517 he sent Juan de Grijalva to explore the coast of Mexico and in 1518 he sent Francisco Hernández de Córdoba to explore the coast of Yucatán. Then in 1519 he sent his secretary, Hernán Cortés, to conquer Mexico with about 450 soldiers but when Cortés got to México (in Veracruz), he broke all relations with Velázquez.

Diego Velázquez de Cuéllar died in Santiago de Cuba in 1524.


Denotation


In order to understand fully the difference between denotation and connotation in the media studies and semiotics uses it is necessary to become familiar with some examples:

Several parts of meaning may be called denotation. That depends on the contrast being drawn.




In logic and semantics, denotational always attracts the extension meaning "in the pair", but the other element genuinely varies. See intension for some more discussion.

A denotation is the strict, literal, dictionary definition of a word, devoid of any emotion, attitude, or colour. 

Denotation often links with symbolism, as the denotation of a particular media text often represents something further; a hidden meaning (or an Engima Code) is often encoded into a media text (such as the images below).


Doner kebab

Doner kebab (also spelled döner kebab) (, ; or ) is a type of kebab. A Doner can be made from bread, salad, lamb, chicken or beef. It is cooked on a vertical rotisserie then thinly sliced. When bought from kebab shops it usually comes with salad or french fries. 

Restaurants in Germany offer hot chili sauce and garlic yoghurt-style sauce. Barbecue sauce, burger sauce, lemon juice, or a mint sauce similar to raita are also popular. 

Doners are often eaten as take-away food on the way home after a night out. There are several common ways in which doner kebabs are served.


It is a very popular German fast food. The Döner was introduced to the Germans in the 1970s.

Kebabs are very much part of the Friday and Saturday night culture in the UK rather than breakfast or lunchtime food. UK "doner kebab" often uses a different mixture of spices, because immigrants from Cyprus run many of the shops. They may offer doner, shish (lamb and chicken) and kofte kebabs, with a 'special' including some of each with bread and chips.

Murder of Meredith Kercher

The murder of Meredith Kercher happened on the night of 1 November 2007. Meredith Kercher was born in London on 28 December 1985 and was 21 years old at the time of her death. She was a student at Leeds University in England but moved to Italy in August 2007. Meredith went to a university in Perugia, Italy as part of her course of study. She lived in a house, upstairs, with three other female students.

Police investigators concluded that Kercher had been killed by striking her neck with a knife, undressed, and locked in her bedroom. Missing from her bedroom were credit cards, 300 euros (~US$450) as rent money due, and her house keys, all never found. Also missing were her 2 mobile phones (one international and one for local calls) which were found in bushes several blocks away when they rang as friends called on the next day.

A local unemployed man from Ivory Coast, found on the run north of Switzerland, without a rail pass on a train in Germany, was taken by police when his bloody fingerprints and DNA matched on the girl's body and handbag. The court judge found him guilty of the crime when his statements claimed he had seen a man with a knife and left the stabbed girl bleeding in her clothes on her bed with a white pillow, but that pillow was later found under her naked body with his bloody shoeprint and fingerprints on the pillow. He was sentenced to 30 years in prison but lowered to 16 years on appeal of his court case.

Also accused in the case were the girl's 3-month flatmate and college classmate, Amanda Knox, along with her new student boyfriend of 8 days, an Italian young man named Raffaele Sollecito (), who lived in an apartment nearby. Knox and Sollecito were both held in prison, without bond, for 4 years as they waited on the court judges to re-hear the case until they were found innocent of the crimes. None of their DNA was found anywhere in the girl's locked bedroom, only out in the hallway or other rooms.
However, the court continued for over 7 years in again attempting to sentence them, to 26 and 25 years in prison, until they were judged completely innocent in 2014.

An American student named Amanda Knox who lived in the house with Kercher, came home the next day. At 12:07 pm, she called Kercher's local Italian mobile phone, but it rang without being answered for 16 seconds. Then she called another roommate, Filomena R., and said that there were drops of blood in the house and that Kercher did not answer her phone. Knox then tried calling Kercher again two times, but there was still no answer on either her local Italian phone or her UK phone. Immediately, Filomena called back to Knox to say she was coming home, and Knox then announced that Filomena's bedroom window had been broken, with glass all over her clothes and the computer on the floor.

After Filomena had called Knox again, two police officers came to the house because two mobile phones had been found in gardens about one kilometer (0.6 mile) from the house. When Knox had called Kercher (at 12:07 pm), her phone was found ringing in some garden bushes. It was found by a neighbour who then called the communications police.

Entering the house, the police noted all the drops of blood that Knox showed them, and they confirmed that Kercher's bedroom door was locked. A friend of Filomena's broke the door to open it. The police looked in the bedroom and found Kercher's body under a duvet (quilt). She was naked except for her T-shirts pulled up to her shoulders. There was a lot of blood on her body and around the room. Someone had stabbed her neck with a knife. Her clothes were laying scattered towards the door. Two credit cards, 300 euros (about US$420), and her house keys were missing.

The next day, the police arrested three people. They arrested Knox, her 2-week boyfriend (an Italian student) Raffaele Sollecito. They also arrested Knox's boss at a local pub where she worked but later released him. Sollecito was Knox's new boyfriend, and she had met him just eight days before the murder. Weeks later, police arrested another person called Rudy Guede. Originally from the Ivory Coast, Guede later acquired dual citizenship in Italy. After the murder, he went by train to Germany. Police in Germany caught him and took him back to Italy.

Guede was put on trial in Italy in October 2008. He was found guilty and sent to prison for 30 years.

Knox and Sollecito were also put on trial. Sollecito was sent to prison for 25 years, and Knox for 26 years. They both appealed their sentences.

The prosecutors said that Guede, Knox and Sollecito killed Kercher together. The lawyers of Knox and Sollecito said that Guede killed her alone, and undressed and moved the body hours later. In June-November 2009, their lawyers presented evidence and witnesses to support a "lone-wolf" theory, that Guede killed Kercher and later undressed and moved her body away from the window of her bedroom in the house where she lived with Knox.

Guede had claimed that he had been invited to her house, as a date planned with Kercher on Halloween. While in her house, he claimed he became sick, and while in the bathroom, he heard a loud scream. In his story, Guede claimed that he saw a brown-haired Italian man holding a knife, over Kercher on the floor of her room. He then claimed that the man fought him, and ran from the house, saying in perfect Italian, ""Trovato negro, trovato colpevole"" ("found black, found guilty"). Guede said that he tried to help Kercher, as she was bleeding quickly, but he became scared and ran from the house, without calling the police or anyone for help. Guede had told officials that Kercher was fully dressed when she was stabbed, and he left her with the bed quilt and pillow on her bed. However, witnesses and CSI experts, from the Forensic Police in Rome, presented evidence that contradicted Guede's story about that night:
At Guede's trial, the judge and jury did not believe Guede's claims, and they convicted him of the murder. He had been caught because his palm-print on the pillow matched his police file, including the Milan school incident, when Milan police had released him just 5 days before the murder. Guede was sentenced to 30 years in prison, but that was reduced to 16 years after his first appeal trial.

In a separate trial, both Knox and Sollecito were tried for the murder, but the evidence was much less than with Guede. No witnesses testified that they had seen or heard Knox or Sollecito enter or leave the house that night. Also, the small amounts of DNA connecting them to the murder were in such low amounts that it could be considered contamination, and such small amounts of DNA are inadmissible during trials in British or U.S. criminal courts. Although numerous shoe prints had been found matching Guede's Nike shoe, there were no shoe prints matching any of the shoes which police had taken from the houses of Knox and Sollecito. The main issues about them were that they said things that seemed suspicious:

Because no other witnesses could confirm the couple stayed in his house, during the murder at Knox's house, they were both sent to trial. The evidence against them was very limited:
When Knox was convicted in the first trial, the verdict was questioned by some as "anti-Americanism", but Sollecito was also convicted at the same time.

Guede appealed against his sentence, and it was changed from 30 to 16 years in prison. He still says that he did not kill Kercher. His second appeal trial ended in December 2010 with upholding the verdict of guilty.

Knox and Sollecito filed the proper legal documents to appeal their convictions, and they were still considered "presumed innocent" as if the previous trial verdicts were suspended. Their appeal trial began in November 2010, with a new judge who ruled to re-examine DNA evidence against them. The judge also granted a re-questioning of witness Antonio C. about which days he saw what.

On 3 October 2011, murder convictions against Amanda Knox and Raffaele Sollecito were overturned and they were both set free that same night.

Italy's supreme court ordered a re-trial. The case was heard in Florence, and ended on 30 January 2014. Both Knox and Sollecito were found not-guilty of murder. They were originally sentenced to 28 (Knox) and 26 (Sollecito) years in prison.

Meredith Monroe

Meredith Monroe (born December 30, 1968) is an American actress. She is best known for her role as Andie McPhee on Dawson's Creek from 1998 to 2000. She's currently part of the CBS program NCIS.

She was a series regular in Seasons 2-3, appearing in several episodes at the beginning and end of season 4, and was a special guest star in the final series episode in Season 6, though these scenes were cut from the televised episode.


Michelle Williams (actress)

Michelle Williams (born September 9, 1980) is an Academy Award-nominated American actress. Williams first appeared in the teen series "Dawson's Creek" and later acted in full length movies, such as "Brokeback Mountain", for which she was nominated for an Oscar as Best Supporting Actress.

In 2018, Williams was nominated for a Golden Globe Award for her role as Gail Getty in "All the Money in the World".

In 2023, she was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Actress for her role in "The Fabelmans".

She was nominated for the Orange Rising Star Award in 2006.

Pernilla Wiberg

Pernilla Wiberg (born October 15 1970 in Norrköping) is one of the most successful Swedish alpine skiers. She won the giant slalom in the 1992 Winter Olympics in Albertville and the Alpine combination at the 1994 Winter Olympics in Lillehammer as well as 24 wins in the Alpine skiing World Cup between 1991 and 1999. She was elected a member of the International Olympic Committee in 2002. In club competitions, she represented Norrköpings SK.

Ebba von Sydow

Ebba von Sydow (born February 18, 1981 in Gothenburg, Sweden) is a Swedish journalist and author. She is the great-granddaughter of Swedish prime minister Oscar von Sydow, and also related to actor Max von Sydow and politician Björn von Sydow.

Lulu (opera)

Lulu is an opera by the composer Alban Berg. Berg took the story from two plays called "Erdgeist" and "Die Büchse des Pandora" by the German playwright Frank Wedekind. Berg wrote the libretto (the words for the opera) himself.

Many people found "Lulu" very shocking because the story is very decadent. There is a lot of blood, murder, sex and violence in it. Also: Berg’s music was quite difficult to understand. He uses twelve tone music, which is not in any particular key, although he uses it to make a style of music which is often very Romantic and expressive.
Berg started to write the opera in 1929, but then he stopped working on it to write his Violin Concerto. When Berg died, he had not finished the last act of the opera, he had only sketched it. Schoenberg was asked whether he would finish the opera, but he thought it would be too much work. When the opera was first performed in 1937 there were only two acts: the opera was unfinished. Berg’s widow, Helene, said that nobody was allowed to finish it and that it should stay unfinished. For more than 40 years, that is how the opera was performed.

When Helene died in 1976, a man called Friedrich Cerha finished the opera, guessing what Berg might have written. This completed version was performed in 1979 at the Opera Garnier, conducted by Pierre Boulez.

Famous sopranos who have sung the main part of Lulu include Teresa Stratas, Anja Silja and Christine Schäfer.

Prologue: A circus ringmaster introduces all his animals. The last one is Lulu herself, who is carried on stage and introduced as a snake.

Scene 1: Lulu, the wife of Dr. Goll, an old doctor, is having her portrait painted. Dr. Schön, a newspaper editor who rescued Lulu when she was living in the streets, is now having a love affair with her. Dr. Schön’s son Alwa arrives, excuses himself, and he and Dr. Schön leave. The Painter wants to make love to Lulu. Dr. Goll unexpectedly walks in, sees that the two of them are alone, collapses and dies of a heart attack.

Scene 2: Lulu has now married the Painter. She gets a telegram which says that Dr. Schön is engaged to be married. Schigolch, a tramp, visits her. He seems to have had something to do with her in the past. Dr. Schön arrives. He talks as if Schigolch is Lulu's father. He has come to ask Lulu to stay out of his life from now on. She takes no notice and leaves after her husband, the Painter, arrives. Dr. Schön tells the Painter about their affair, and says he must talk to his wife about it. The Painter leaves, but instead of going to talk to Lulu he cuts his own throat and dies. Lulu does not seem to care and simply tells Dr. Schön "You'll marry me all the same."

Scene 3: Lulu, working as a dancer, is sitting in her dressing room with Alwa. They talk about a Prince who is in love with Lulu and who wants to marry her. Lulu leaves to go on stage, but refuses to go on because Dr. Schön and his fiancée are in the audience. Dr. Schön comes in to try to persuade her to perform. When the two are left alone, she tells Schön that she is thinking of leaving with the Prince to go to Africa. Dr. Schön realises that he cannot live without her, and Lulu makes him write a letter to his fiancée saying that he does not want to marry her. Lulu carries on with the show.

Scene 1: Lulu has now married Dr. Schön, who is full of jealousy because so many men and one woman seem to love Lulu. One of them, the lesbian Countess Geschwitz, visits her to invite her to a ball, but leaves when Dr. Schön disapproves. When the two go out, the Countess returns and hides. Two other admirers, the Acrobat and the Schoolboy, also enter, and all begin to talk to Lulu when she returns. Alwa arrives, and the admirers hide as Alwa tells Lulu he loves her. Dr. Schön returns, sees the Acrobat, and begins a long argument with Lulu. Gradually he finds the other people who are hiding. He gives Lulu a revolver, and tells her to kill herself, but she shoots Schön instead. The police arrive to arrest Lulu for the murder.

Interlude: during the music of the interlude a silent movie is shown. In it, we see Lulu being taken by the police, tried in court, and put into prison. Then we see her deliberately getting the illness cholera and being taken to hospital. The Countess Geschwitz visits her, and gives her own clothes, so that Lulu can escape disguised as the Countess.

Scene 2: The Countess Geschwitz, Alwa and the Acrobat are in the same room as Act II, Scene 1. They are waiting for Schigolch, who is to take the Countess to the hospital. She is going to give up her own freedom by taking Lulu's place so that nobody will discover she has escaped until it is too late. The Acrobat says he is going to marry Lulu and move with her to Paris where the two will work in an act together. Schigolch leaves with the countess, then returns with Lulu, who is so ill from her disease that the Acrobat does not follow his plan, but goes off to get the police instead. Schigolch is sent off to buy train tickets, and, left alone, Alwa and Lulu say they love each other and agree to go away together.

Scene 1: Lulu and Alwa are now living in Paris. The scene is a party in a casino. Lulu is being forced by blackmail to work in a Cairo brothel by the Acrobat and a pimp. The police still want her for Dr. Schön's murder and the Acrobat and the pimp say to her that they will take her to the police if she does not do as they say. Schigolch arrives, asking for money. She is persuaded to lure the Acrobat away to a hotel and murder him. After they have gone, news arrives that the railway company has run out of money. The guests have all got money in the company. The party quickly breaks up, and in the confusion, Lulu manages to change clothes with a young man. She escapes with Alwa just before the police arrive to catch her.

Scene 2: Lulu and Alwa are now living with Schigolch. They are poor are in London so that the police cannot find them. Lulu is working as a prostitute. She arrives with a client, a professor (played by the same actor as Dr. Goll, Lulu's first husband). The Countess Geschwitz then arrives with a portrait of Lulu which she has brought from Paris. Alwa hangs it on the wall. Lulu goes out, and returns with another client, the Negro (played by the same actor as the Painter, Lulu's second husband). He refuses to pay before making love, and kills Alwa in a struggle. Schigolch takes the body away while Geschwitz thinks about killing herself, but then gives up the idea when she realises that Lulu does not care. Eventually, Lulu goes out and comes back with a third client (played by the same actor as Dr. Schön, Lulu's third husband). He argues over the price, and is about to leave when Lulu decides she will sleep with him for less than her usual fee. This client, who is actually Jack the Ripper, murders Lulu, and then on his way out kills the Countess as well, who swears her love to Lulu as the curtain comes down.

The shape of the whole opera is often said to be like a mirror – Lulu's popularity in the first act is mirrored by the poverty she lives in during Act III. Also, Lulu's husbands in Act I are played by the same singers as her clients in Act III. In the middle of the opera is the movie. Even some of the music is a palindrome (it reads the same forwards as backwards). This can be seen at the very middle of the Act II movie Interlude, when a piano plays a rising pattern of notes, which then reverses direction and falls.

Some of the characters have their own music which, in each case, is a theme made of twelve notes. This is the twelve-tone system which was invented by Berg’s teacher Arnold Schoenberg. By giving each character a theme, he is using the idea of a leitmotif, which was used a lot by Wagner. This can be heard in Scene I of Act II, when Lulu sings a dramatic solo telling Dr. Schön she has never pretended to be anything other than what she is. The first twelve syllables (If men have killed themselves for my sake...) that she sings are set to her leitmotif.

Howard University

Howard University is an African-American college in Washington, D.C.


Seth MacFarlane

Seth Woodbury MacFarlane (born October 26, 1973) is an American actor, comedian and voice actor. He is best known for creating the animated television series, "Family Guy", "American Dad!" and "The Cleveland Show." MacFarlane developed the upcoming animated series, The John Layzell Show, which will be premiered in October 2024.

MacFarlane went to Rhode Island School of Design (RISD), a school in Rhode Island where he studied animation. He made a short cartoon movie named, "The Life of Larry" during his senior year. He worked at Hanna-Barbera writing and making episodes of "Johnny Bravo". FOX, a media network, saw "The Life of Larry" and offered him $50,000 to make a pilot.

MacFarlane is a supporter for the Democratic Party. In 2015, MacFarlane revealed support for Bernie Sanders on the 2016 U.S. presidential election, and he introduced Sanders on a Los Angeles rally.

On the morning of September 11, 2001, MacFarlane was scheduled to return to Los Angeles on American Airlines Flight 11 from Boston. After having a hangover from last night's celebrations, and after getting his departure time incorrectly (8:15 a.m. instead of 7:45 a.m.) from his travel agent, he arrived at Logan International Airport about ten minutes too late to board the flight as the gates had been closed. Fifteen minutes after departure, American Airlines Flight 11 was hijacked, and at 8:46 a.m. it was flown into the North Tower of the World Trade Center, destroying the airplane, and killing everyone on board.

In August 2011, Fox ordered a 13-part updated series of "". MacFarlane will co-produce with Anne Druyan and Steven Soter. It will be hosted by Neil deGrasse Tyson. The series was broadcast on Fox in 2014.
Seth MacFarlane is on his fifth animated series "Bordertown" with Alex Borstein. Its broadcast date is on January 3, 2016. It shows a family and has a female lead role.


Tanuki

Tanuki is a word for the Raccoon Dog in Japanese. Tanukis are in Japanese folk tales. In Japan, it is said that tanukis deceive a person, and that the ability is superior to a fox.

Megalibgwilia

Megalibgwilia is a genus of echidna only known from fossils from Australia, it contains the oldest known echidna species.


Mantle

Mantle is a word with various meanings:


Ajax the Great

Ajax the Great or Aias () son of Telamon, was a hero from the Trojan War. He was a cousin of Achilles. Ajax died by suicide. This happened after Achilles died and Ajax was in a contest with Odysseus to see who would receive Achilles's armour. Ajax lost the contest.


Phoenicia

Phoenicia was a civilization to the north of Canaan. that existed from 1200 to 900 BC. People from Phoenicia had their own language, Phoenician, which is the origin of most of the world's alphabets.

Phoenicians set up colonies in the Mediterranean region and beyond. Carthage was one of them. Phoenician traders went as far as the British Isles to buy tin. At their peak, the Phoenicians were a major power in the Mediterranean. 

Seattle Seahawks

The Seattle Seahawks are a professional American football team in Seattle, Washington, USA. They started playing football in 1976. They are currently members of the Western Division of the National Football Conference (NFC) in the National Football League (NFL). The Seahawks played football in three Super Bowls, winning one of them. The Seahawks have retired five jersey numbers: #80, #71, #96, #45, and #12. The number 12 was retired in honor of the Seahawks fans, often referred to as the 12th Man, while the other four were retired in honor of former players. The Seahawks play their home games at Lumen Field (formerly known as Seahawks Stadium, Qwest Field, and CenturyLink Field).

Salisbury

Salisbury is a city in Wiltshire, South West England. It is the only city in Wiltshire and is its second largest settlement. It sits at the joining of five rivers: the Nadder, Ebble, Wylye, and Bourne, which are tributaries to the Hampshire Avon, which flows to the south coast and into the sea at Christchurch in Dorset.

To the north of Salisbury is an old settlement surrounded by mounds and ditches for protection. It is called Old Sarum. Today there are only a few ruined stone foundations. This was the original town that was first occupied about 5,000 years ago. Experts think it was built there because it was close to the River Avon for water and it was near major trackways across the country.

Salisbury Cathedral has a copy of the Magna Carta. 

Salisbury has 45,000 people. Salisbury is about 15 kilometers (9.5 miles) from Stonehenge.

Jan Ullrich

Jan Ullrich (born 2 December 1973 in Rostock, Germany) is a retired German bicycle rider. He was very good in riding in the mountains. In Individual time trials he was one of the best cyclists at his time. He won the Tour de France in 1997. Jan Ullrich is the only German athlete who has won this event. 
Jan Ullrich started cycling early. When he was ten years old, he won his first race. After Germany's reunification he went to a club in Hamburg. In 1993, when Ullrich was 19 years old, he won the World Amateur Road Race championship in Oslo, Norway. In this year Lance Armstrong won the Professional World Race championchip. The year after, he became third in the Individual Time Race championchip. After this succes he became a professional member of the German Team "Team-Telekom".

Jan Ullrich first rode the Tour de France in 1996. There he won a stage and became overall second, after his team mate Bjarne Riis. Some experts say, Jan Ullrich could have won the Tour the France that year, but he did not because he helped his team-mate over the Tour.

In 2007 Bjarne Riis said that he used drugs to win the 1996 Tour. In 1997 Jan Ullrich won the Tour the France, when he was 23 years old (fourth youngest winner of the Tour since 1947). During this year he won the Tour de Suisse, German-Tour and HEW-Cyclassics. At the end of the year, he was elected as the "sports person of the year" in Germany.

Many of Jan Ullrichs Team-members said, he was taking drugs in the 90. In 2002 he tested positive for amphetamine. He said he took pills in a disco, without knowing that they were an illegal substance. He was suspended for 6 months. In 2006 Ullrich was suspected to be a client of Fuentes. In 2007 a DNA-test gave the evidence that he was one, and that he was planning to use the illegal blood doping. Ullrich denied using drugs for a long time. In 2013, Ullrich decided to tell the truth. He admitted he used illegal substances during his career.


Lincoln, England

Lincoln is an old city in Lincolnshire, England. Lincoln has a population of about 100,000 people. It is the county town of Lincolnshire, in the East Midlands of England.

Lincoln developed from the Roman town of "Lindum Colonia". Before then it was an Iron Age settlement. Lincoln's major landmarks are Lincoln Cathedral, a famous example of English Gothic architecture, and Lincoln Castle, an 11th-century Norman castle.

The city has the University of Lincoln and Bishop Grosseteste University. Lincoln is north of London, and by the River Witham, in the East Midlands.

Burj el-Barajneh

Burj el-Barajneh is a settlement in Beirut, Lebanon. It was set up as a Palestine refugee camp in 1948. It was laid siege to by the Israeli army and local Christian Phalangists during 1982, after Israel invaded Lebanon earlier that year.


Coelacanth

A coelacanth is a type of fish in the Sarcopterygii, the lobe-finned fishes. They are a sister group to those fish which evolved into tetrapods. Their fossil record goes back 400 million years, before any land vertebrates had evolved.

There are at least two species of coelacanths living in the Indian Ocean. Scientists thought they had been extinct for 80 million years until one was caught off the east African coast in 1938. However, fisherman in the Comoros islands had been catching it for a very long time and called it "gombesa".

The coelacanths are the closest link between fish and the first amphibians which made the transition from sea to land in the Devonian period (408–362 million years ago). Whereas the fishapods lived near the shore in muddy water, the coelacanths lived in open water. The modern species are predators that live in the deep ocean.

"Latimeria" is the only living genus of the otherwise fossil coelacanth fish. It is probably the best-known Lazarus taxon. That such a creature could have been unrecorded for so long is rare, but perhaps the cold depths of the West Indian ocean (in which the Coelacanth lives), and the few predators it has, may have helped the species survive. Its disgusting taste means that fishermen did not deliberately try to catch it, that is, before scientists started offering rewards.

The population living off Tanzania is threatened by Japanese trawlers, but the fish is not edible. They are simply caught in trawls by accident. More than 20 have died this way, and their total numbers cannot be large.

"Latimeria" was first found by scientists in 1938 by Marjorie Courtenay Latimer, the curator of a small museum in the South African port town of East London. She was visiting a fisherman who would let her search through his boat's catch for interesting specimens. Another one was found off the Comoros islands in 1952. The largest specimen was about 1.8 metres (~6 ft). 

Tent city

A tent city is used to describe a variety of temporary housing facilities made using tents. Informal tent cities may be set up without authorization by homeless people or protesters. As well, state governments or military organizations set up tent cities to house refugees, evacuees, or soldiers. Tent cities set up by homeless people may be similar to shanty towns, which are informal settlements in which the buildings are made from of scrap building materials.

Since Hurricane Katrina made landfall in August of 2005, the term has been used to describe temporary housing sites set up for Gulf Coast residents who were left homeless by the storm. Some of the tents that were built by Seabees and funded by FEMA are wooden structures covered by tents. With the exception of indoor plumbing, most of the tents have heat, air, and lights. The tent city can hold as many as 250 occupants. Displaced residents are only expected to stay for three to six months. In late December 2006, the St. Vincent de Paul Society in Saint Petersburg, Florida established an encampment on their property when dozens of homeless moved off of public land across the street from the society. In early January 2007, city officials noted city codes that prohibit living in tents and gave the society one week to evict the occupants of the tent city.

Every year, the Saudi Arabian government's Ministry of Hajj sets up a tent city to support Muslim pilgrims in the village of Mina, where the ritual Stoning of the Devil takes place as part of the overall Hajj pilgrimage to Mecca. A tent city is also established annually at Mount Arafat, another essential stop during the Hajj . Because up to four million pilgrims may be performing the Hajj annually, the tent cities are densely inhabited with 20-40 people per tent. As such, fire and disease outbreaks are constant concerns. Since the late 1990s, Saudi authorities have started using fireproof tents to reduce the risks of a major fire.

In the military, the term "tent city" usually refers to temporary living quarters erected on deployed military bases, such as those found in Bosnia or Iraq. Depending on the branch of service and the length the tent city has been in place, the living space may have most modern amenities. For sanitary reasons, military tent cities place toilet, shower, and laundry facilities at least 50 feet (15m) from living quarters. Also, tents are typically divided into clusters of 8-10 to prevent the rapid spread of fire, which is of utmost concern because of the tent and bedding materials.

Norwegian Refugee Council

The Norwegian Refugee Council (NRC) (Norwegian: "Flyktninghjelpen") is an independent, non-governmental organisation in Norway which helps refugees and internally displaced persons around the world.
The NRC protects the rights of people who have been forced to leave their countries, or their homes within their countries. It is the only Norwegian group that specialises in international efforts for these types of people. 
The NRC was established in 1946 with the name "Aid to Europe", to help refugees in Europe after World War II. Today, the NRC is an independent, private organisation. It works closely with the United Nations and other organisations around the world, as well as in Norway.
The group focuses on five main activities:



Euphemism

Euphemism is the use of a word (or phrase) that replaces another one that one thinks to be too offensive or vulgar.

It also may be a replacement of a name or a word, that could reveal a secret or holy and sacred names to the uninitiated. It may also be used to obscure the identity of the subject of a conversation from potential eavesdroppers. A well known example for many is the replacement of "Lord Voldemort's" name by "You-Know-Who" or "He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named" in Harry Potter. Some euphemisms are intended to be humorous.

When a phrase is used as a euphemism, it often becomes a metaphor whose literal meaning is dropped. Euphemisms may be used to hide unpleasant or disturbing ideas, even when the literal term for them is not necessarily offensive. This type of euphemism is used in politics.

Examples for euphemisms are:


List of German presidents and chancellors by age

This is a list of German Presidents (since 1919) and Chancellors (since 1871) by age at death.

Where the person in question is still alive, the age is worked out up to .

Boscobel House

Boscobel House is a house on the Shropshire/Staffordshire border, near Wolverhamptonand Albrighton, England. It was built around 1632 when landowner John Gifford of White Ladies Priory turned a farmhouse into a hunting lodge. Charles II famously hid in a tree at the Boscobel House to escape discovery by Parliamentary soldiers after the Battle of Worcester in 1651. The tree became known as the Royal Oak

42 days after the Battle of Worcester, Charles escaped to France on a coal ship called "Surprise". Nine years later, Charles ll was invited back to England to become king. In 1660, he came back to England to be the king and Charles named that day "Oak apple day".



Wismar

Wismar () is a town in northern Germany. It is on the Baltic Sea, in the state of Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania. It is about east of Lübeck, and north of Schwerin. It has a university and a harbor.

Till September 4, 2011, Wismar was an urban district.

Dysphemism

Dysphemism means using of an harsh or rude word or phrase instead of a polite one. It is more or less the opposite of euphemism.

Examples of dysphemism are “dead tree edition” for the paper version of an online magazine, or the American soldiers calling their common breakfast of creamed chipped beef on toast “shit on a shingle”.


Christian worship

In Christianity, worship has been thought as by most Christians to be the central act of Christian identity throughout history. Many Christian theologians have called humanity "homo adorans", which means "worshipping man," and so the worship of God is at the very centre of what it means to be human. 

Throughout most centuries of Church history, Christian worship has been primarily liturgical, symbolised by prayers and hymns, whose texts were closely related to, the Scripture. Set times for prayer during the day were made (based mostly on Jewish models), and a festal cycle throughout the Church year pointed out the celebration of feasts and holy days relating to the events in the life of Jesus, the lives of the saints, and features of the Church's view of God. 

A large amount of importance was placed on the forms of worship, as they were seen in terms of the Latin phrase "lex orandi, lex credendi" (""the rule of prayer is the rule of belief"") — that is, the details of someone's worship show, teach, and govern the principle beliefs of the community. To change the patterns and content of worship were to change the faith itself. So even though there was always a certain amount of variety in the early Church's liturgical worship, there was also a great deal of unity. Each time a heresy appeared in the Church, it normally came by a shift in worship for the heretical group. Orthodoxy in faith also meant orthodoxy in worship, and vice versa.

The very early development of Christian worship is lost in history, but Christian worship is, normally, fixed in the worship of Judaism. The Gospels and the Acts of the Apostles present the very early Christians as visiting both the Temple and synagogues, as well as worshipping in private homes, frequently to "break bread," a term which signifies both the sharing of a meal and, when used in that context, celebrating the Eucharist. Acts 2:42 shows the very early Church of Jerusalem as "continuing in the Apostles' teaching and fellowship [or communion], the breaking of bread, and the prayers."

In general, worship for the Eastern churches and for the Catholic and Anglican churches in the West is centered in regular celebration of the Lord's Supper, celebrated by a priest with more or less participation from the whole body of believers that are there. This tradition, variously known as the Mass, Divine Liturgy, Eucharist or Communion, continues in the Anglican church and among some Protestants. A worship service in these traditions is centered on the sharing of bread (or bread and wine) although it also includes prayer, the reading of Scripture, and usually singing and some form of teaching or sermon.

In many Protestant traditions, however, Communion is celebrated rarely or not at all, and corporate worship is centered on a formal sermon, which may resemble a lecture. Worship in such a context also generally is described by spoken prayer, Scripture, and music, mainly hymns.

In virtually all Christian traditions, this regular public worship is accompanied by other forms of worship, such as prayer and study, small group prayer (often linked with Bible study), and formal ceremonies on special occasions, including weddings, funerals and events of Church or state.











The most popular religious holidays in the Christian calendar are Christmas, which is after the Advent season, and Easter, which is after Lent and Holy Week. While Christmas is very popular, especially in Western countries, Easter is liturgically by far the most important celebration.

Prose

Prose is the ordinary form of the written (or spoken) language. It is not poetry. On the written page it looks like a group of paragraphs. It does not need any special format such as lists or tables. In writing, it is without special rhythm. It is similar to everyday communication. That is what makes it different from poetry and from theatrical works such as plays.

The word prose comes from the Latin "prosa", meaning straightforward; so we have the term "prosaic". Prose writing is usually used to describe facts or to discuss whatever one's thoughts are in free flowing speech. It may be used for newspapers, novels, magazines, encyclopedias, broadcast media, letters, stories, history, philosophy, biography, and many other kinds of writing.

Prose generally has no formal structure, like meter or rhyme, that is often found in poetry. Therefore, it is used to describe literature which is non-poetic, and non-theatrical. There is, however, a blend of the two forms of literature known as "prose poetry". 

Caper story

The caper story is a special sort of crime story. In the typical caper story, one or more crimes happen (especially thefts, swindles, or occasionally kidnappings) in full view of the reader. The actions of the police or detectives may also be told, but are not that important for the story.

The typical elements of caper stories are humor, adventure, or unusual cleverness or audacity. 

The "Dortmunder" stories of "Donald E. Westlake" are very funny tales where unusual thefts happen; in another story, Dortmunder's gang steals the same gem several times, steals an entire branch bank, and kidnaps someone from an asylum by driving a stolen train onto the property. 


14 BC

Year 14 BC was either a common year starting on Thursday or Friday or a leap year starting on Wednesday, Thursday or Friday of the Julian calendar. At the time, it was known as the Year of the Consulship of Crassus and Lentulus.



Death of Tina Watson

Christina Mae "Tina" Thomas Watson (13 February 1977 – 22 October 2003), was a 26-year-old American from Helena, Alabama. She died on her honeymoon on the Great Barrier Reef in Queensland, Australia in 2003. She had only been married to her husband, David Gabriel "Gabe" Watson, for 11 days when she died. The doctor who performed the autopsy said she drowned in a scuba diving accident. 

Six years later, Gabe Watson was charged for murder and manslaughter. He pleaded guilty to manslaughter and was sent to prison for a year by an Australian court. Six months were added to the prison sentence after an appeal that took place just six weeks later. The appeal was held as soon after the trial as possible because of concerns raised by Tina's father with the trial itself. However, the appeal judges had agreed with the trial judge on most of the issues except the six month increase in the prison sentence.

Tina was a Southern Baptist and a graduate of the University of Alabama at Birmingham. She worked as a departmental manager at the small Southern department store chain, Parisian. She was buried at the Southern Heritage Cemetery, in Pelham, Alabama, USA.

While scuba diving at the site of the SS "Yongala", a passenger ship that sank in 1911 in the main southern shipping channel to the Australian port of Townsville, she either lost consciousness or died and then sank to the sea floor below. Tina's death of accidental drowning was not a criminal investigation in itself in Australia. It was a coronial enquiry. Mr Watson gave evidence to the enquiry through his lawyers. He returned to Australia voluntarily and spoke to investigators on a number of occasions. Some of these interviews are available on the Internet. At the trial, prosecutors said that Mr Watson had made a mistake in not trying to rescue his wife. They said that mistake was the same as manslaughter. Tina's father said that immediately before their wedding Gabe had asked Tina to increase her life insurance policy to the maximum possible and make him the sole beneficiary.

Gabe Watson was tried for the murder of Tina, in the Queensland Supreme Court at Brisbane on 5 June 2009. He said he was "not guilty" of murdering his wife. To the charge of manslaughter, accidental killing, he said he was guilty. The trial judge said the murder charges made against him were not true and sentenced him to one year in prison, with a further three and a half years suspended. Tina's father said the Australian justice system was a "sham". He also said one of Australia's most senior government lawyers, Mr Tony Moynihan, had been misleading the public.

The reason Gabe received the one year in prison, was explained by the judge. He said that Gabe had been accused of things of which he had not been guilty, had suffered considerably since Tina's death, and had co-operated with the Court. He said the media reporting had been unfair. The judge said Gabe had come back to Australia of his own free will in May of 2009 and given himself up. The judge said Gabe loved his wife, deeply regretted her death and felt guilty because he had been unable to save her. He said that Gabe had not caused the accident, but had failed to save Tina when she ran into difficulty with her breathing while underwater.

Three judges heard an appeal started by the State of Queensland on 17 July, 2009. The state wanted Gabe to serve two and a half years in prison. Gabe's Australian lawyers said the extra time was unfair because of the history of the case. The judges published their decision on 18 September, 2009.

To understand the outcome of the appeal, it is necessary to understand a little of the legal process and thinking that lawyers put into an appeal. On one side we have the State of Queensland, Australia. In Australia, as in England and countries such as Canada and New Zealand, the State is usually called the "Crown" in court proceedings. The appeal was heard before three judges of the Queensland Court of Appeal, which is the State's highest court.

The Crown had said that Gabe's sentence should be increased because it was wrong. Gabe's lawyers replied this was not the case. They said that Gabe had never done anything wrong in the past and he was a good person. The death of Tina resulted from an error or mistake, and the short prison sentence was fair in his lawyers' opinions.

The Court of Appeal judges also said that the murder claim was not true. The judges were in agreement about most of the trial. However they did not agree about the prison sentence. On one hand, Justice Muir said the appeal court should not change the decision of the trial judge. On the other, Chief Justice De Jersey said prison time should be increased to two and a half years. In the third opinion, Justice Chesterman said it ought to be increased from twelve months to eighteen months. To reach agreement, the Chief Justice went with Chesterman's opinion.

With the agreement of two of the three judges, the sentence was increased to eighteen months. Each judge carefully explained their view. Finally, Chesterman said of Gabe Watson, ""That the respondent himself promptly provided the information which proved the case against him and that for years he has borne the unjust charge, made very public, of murder are factors requiring substantial amelioration in sentence."" (Gabe Watson gave the information which showed he had killed his wife accidentally. Because he was for many years unfairly blamed and unfairly accused for her murder, he should have his prison sentence shortened.)

For four years, no one took much notice of the death, as there is a drowning in Queensland about once a week. Tina's parents however, set out to get the attention of the media and by 2007 had succeeded. Other people had been diving near Gabe and Tina when Tina died. One diver had photographed Tina, lying on the ocean floor, while taking a picture of another diver on holiday. This picture was not known until a couple of weeks later when the pictures were developed. Investigators were uncertain if Tina was already dead in the picture or if she was unconscious. The picture gives no clues as to what made Tina sink to the bottom.

After hearing that flowers and gifts left for Tina at her grave were being destroyed or were disappearing, even when held down by a chain, Sergeant Flynn investigated it. On a hidden videotape, he saw Gabe Watson taking them away with bolt cutters and then throwing them in the trash angrily. 

Gabe married Kim Lewis on August 15, 2008.

Tina Watson's father told the media in November 2009, two months after the appeal decision, that he thought Gabe was a copycat killer. He might have got the idea for the murder by a copying the way another, almost successful, murder was done in the British Virgin Islands.

The death of Tina Watson was shown in a 90-minute account on "Dateline NBC" on Monday, May 19, 2008. Watson's death got media attention in both Australian and American media and from media around the world. Media from Queensland described Tina's death as "murder" while Queensland Courts had found it to be manslaughter by way of a failure to rescue. This issue finally came to a head with the "Townsville Bulletin" on 10 February 2010. They again described Tina's death as "murder". Seven days later they published an apology and correction which said:

On July 17, 2010 a leading Australian daily newspaper, "The Age", published a complete review of the Watson case "Death on Reef Mystery". The author was award-winning investigative journalist Peter Patrick. This was the first media account to contain first-hand interviews from both Gabe Watson's family and Tina's family. Relying on technical experts, the story reported that Gabe was exonerated by the Queensland Court of Appeal of murder but convicted of failing to comply with a previously unused and little-known part of the Queensland Penal Code. This was a violation of section 290. He says the court decided to call this manslaughter. The story says the charge amounts to a crime by Gabe of failing to rescue his wife, once she got into trouble. It also explains Tina's extensive history of heart irregularity and the medication she was taking, on the morning of her death, including anti-sea-sickness pills. Patrick says that Tina gave a 'no' answer to the medical question at her diving induction, which asked about prior heart disease. He also states that because Mr. Watson had been absent from diving for some years, his level of rescue skill would have been that of beginner.

The story would eventually have worldwide ramifications, for in a footnote, Patrick revealed he had written to Australia's Attorney General, Robert McClelland MP, requesting Watson not be deported to Alabama, because of the risk he faced of the death penalty in that state and because he had already been tried in the Australian State of Queensland, with a comprehensive review by the Queensland Court of Appeal. This brought an instant response from an Alabama police web site, questioning the link between the journalist and Mr. Watson.

On December 15, 2010, Watson appeared before Judge Tommy Nail in the 10th Judicial Circuit, Jefferson County, Alabama and requested bail. The courtroom was packed with his friends and relatives, both Australian and U.S. media with a smaller showing from Tina's family.

Don Valeska Alabama's assistant attorney general, told the judge the basis of the Grand Jury indictment of Gabe Watson was evidence from Tommy Thomas that Gabe Watson had murdered Tina Watson for insurance money. In often heated argument, Judge Nail said that motive could not be substituted for evidence. He asked what hard evidence the State had against Watson. Mr Valeska replied that the question of motive was a question for the jury. After an hour-long hearing, Watson was granted bail with a bond of $100,000. He had to wear a monitoring radio bracelet, surrender his passport, not leave Alabama, and remain indoors at his home from sundown to sunup during the bail.

On hearing that bail was to be granted, those in the courtroom rose and cheered, causing Judge Nail to respond with the words, "Sit-down, sit-down; this is not a spectator sport."

On January 31, 2011, Gabe Watson appeared in Judge Nail's court to formally answer two charges: firstly, that he had kidnapped Tina and taken her to Australia with the intention of murdering her, and secondly, that he had then murdered her while scuba diving on the Great Barrier Reef. He pleaded "Not Guilty" to both charges.

The trial date was set for 23 May 2011 (later changed to 13 February 2012 due to security concerns). Mr Valeska told Judge Nail that important witnesses were to be flown in from Australia. He then added that a previous witness Mr David Glasgow, the Queensland Magistrate who was the Australian official responsible for Gabe's indictment of murder in Australia, would not now be called. No reason was given as to the reason why the State had changed its mind on calling Mr Glasgow. The arraignment lasted just fourteen minutes.

On February 23, 2012, the case against David Gabriel "Gabe" Watson was dismissed by Judge Tommy Nail in a Birmingham, Alabama County Court. The judge found the State's case lacked credibility and said, "It just doesn't make any sense quite frankly." In concluding his findings, he said "There is no evidence to suggest that he [Gabe] intended to kill her and he hatched it here and carried it out there. I'm going to grant this defendant's motion. Case dismissed." 

Watson was never at risk of facing the death penalty as both the U.S. Government and the State of Alabama had given undertakings to the Australian Government, he would not be executed. He faced a mandatory life sentence, if found guilty.

On 25 August 2012, The Lifetime Movie Network ran a cable TV movie titled, ""Fatal Honeymoon"".

It was billed by the Network as a movie, based on the true-story murder allegations that Gabe Watson had kidnapped then murdered his new wife, Tina Watson, during their scuba-diving trip to Australia in 2003. It stars Billy Miller as Gabe Watson and Aussie Amber Clayton as Tina, with Harvey Keitel in a supporting role as the father of the dead bride. Well-known Aussie actor, Gary Sweet plays tough Queensland cop Detective Campbell, as the lead Australian investigator. The screenplay follows much of the work of Lindsay Simpson and Jennifer Cooke, published in their book, "Honeymoon Dive." While this is the most comprehensive attempt to review the death of Tina Watson, events since publication have largely overtaken the Simpson/Cooke account.

"Fatal Honeymoon" was directed by Nadia Tass. The screenwriters were Mac Gudgeon and Teena Booth. Geoff Berkshire, writing for Variety TV Reviews says "There's no sense that these stick figures trapped in a by-the-numbers melodrama could be real people swept up in tragic circumstances...Tech credits are in line with low-budget telepic standards." Jill O'Rourke in a review on the website "Crushable", describes "Fatal Honeymoon" as a show, underscoring Lifetime's skill at "making men look irredeemably evil and women look like clueless victims".


City of Wakefield

The City of Wakefield is in West Yorkshire, England. As well as Wakefield there are five other medium-sized towns - Normanton, Pontefract, Featherstone, Castleford and Knottingley - and some smaller towns in the City area. Most people who live in those towns will tell other people that they live in those towns, instead of telling them that they live in Wakefield. The City of Wakefield has a population of about 320,000 people.

There is a mulberry tree in the exercise yard of the Wakefield Prison. It is believed that the prisoners made up the song "Here we go round the mulberry bush" as they walked around and around the tree.

Io (moon)

Io is a moon of the planet Jupiter. It is Jupiter's third biggest moon with a diameter of 3642 km, slightly bigger than Earth's moon. 

Io has about 400 active volcanos. It is the most volcanically active body in the Solar System. Volcanoes erupt massive volumes of silicate lava, sulphur and sulphur dioxide. This constantly changes Io's appearance. 

The picture of Jupiter's moon Io was produced by combining the best images from both the Voyager 1 and Galileo Missions. Superbly detailed Voyager 1 images cover longitudes from 240 W to 40 W and the nearby southern latitudes.

Io has highest density of any moon, the strongest surface gravity of any moon, and the lowest amount of water of any known astronomical object in the Solar System.

Due to the same tidal locking that makes the Moon have the same side always facing Earth, Io always has the same side facing Jupiter. Io is a prolate spheroid, pulled out of round by tidal stress from Jupiter’s gravity.

Cormorant

Cormorants are a family of seabirds. There are about 40 different species of Cormorants. In some areas, they are also known as shags.

Cormorants range in size from as little as 45 cm (18 in) and 340 g (12 oz) to a maximum size 100 cm (40 in) and 5 kg (11 lbs). Most cormorants, including nearly all northern hemisphere species, have mainly dark feathers. Some southern hemisphere species are black and white. A few species are very colorful. Many species have areas of colored skin on the face. These areas can be bright blue, orange, red or yellow. They usually become more brightly colored in the breeding season. The bill is long, thin, and sharply hooked. Their feet have webbing between all four toes.
Cormorants can dive for 4 minutes looking for food.

Cormorants breed on rocky headlands and islands as well as near inland lakes, marshes and reservoirs. The birds spend the winter on coasts, estuaries, rivers, lakes and reservoirs.


2006 Tour de France

The 2006 Tour de France was the 93rd Tour de France. It took place from 1 to 23 July 2006. The winner was Óscar Pereiro. Floyd Landis was the first person to finish the race, but was disqualified on 20 September 2007 for taking the drug testosterone during the 17th stage of the race.

The Tour began in Strasbourg, on the French-German border. It ended Sunday 23 July in Paris. The distance of the race was 3657 km (2272 mi). The race was the third fastest in average speed. Along the way, the cyclists passed through six different countries including France, The Netherlands (a stop at Valkenburg in Stage 3), Belgium (at Huy, Stages 3 and 4), Luxembourg (at Esch-sur-Alzette, Stages 2 and 3), Germany (though not stopping there, Stage 1) and Spain (Pla-de-Beret, Stage 11). For the first time since the 1999 race, there was no team time trial.

One day before the start of the Tour, there was a doping scandal. 13 racers were removed from the Tour, because it was believed that they were getting drugs from a doctor named Fuentes. Two of the 13 riders were the expected to do well in the race. They were Jan Ullrich and Ivan Basso.


Beth Phoenix

Elizabeth Copeland ( Kociański; born November 24, 1980), better known by her ring name Beth Phoenix, is an American professional wrestler and commentator. She works for WWE as a color commentator. 

Phoenix is a former 3-time WWE Women's Champion and won a Slammy Award in 2008 for "Diva of the Year". She is the actual WWE Divas Champion, she defeated to Kelly Kelly with her "Glam Slam" at Hell in a Cell 2011.


Cartridge (firearms)

A cartridge (also called a round, sometimes a shell) is a type of ammunition, consisting of a cylindrical casing (made of metal, usually brass) that has inside of it a bullet, gunpowder and primer. It is made to fit neatly in the chamber of a gun. This kind of cartridge became usual in the 19th century.

Hong Kong Island

Hong Kong Island is an island in the southern part of Hong Kong SAR (Special Administrative Region). Most of the city of Hong Kong was built on the island. Hong Kong Island is in size.

In 2008, 1,289,500 people lived on Hong Kong Island (16,390 people per square kilometre). Years ago, when the British first took over Hong Kong Island, 3,000 people were living there in fishing villages. China officially gave the island to the United Kingdom in 1842. The British built a city on it, which they called the city of Victoria.

The northern part of the island has the southern shore of Victoria Harbour. This area is the historical, political, and economic centre of Hong Kong. The northern part of Hong Kong Island and Kowloon form the central urban area of Hong Kong. The island also includes the area of Aberdeen.

There are many famous places on the island, like Victoria Peak and Repulse Bay. There are places that are important to history and large shopping centres. People like to hike on the mountains around the island.

Communist Party of China

The Chinese Communist Party (CCP), officially the Communist Party of China (CPC), spelled as 中国共产党/中國共產黨 in Simplified/Traditional Chinese, is the dominant political party and founder of the People's Republic of China, and is the only ruling party in People's Republic of China now. Originally, the party was led by Chen Duxiu, who was the General Secretary of the Central Committee. In the early stage, the CPC got help from the , and worked with Kuomintang until 1927. After the victory of World War II, the CPC led its own army called People's Liberation Army to fight with Kuomintang. Their fight is called The Chinese Communist Revolution. The CPC won the war. In 1949, the CPC drove Kuomintang out from mainland China and established (formed) the People's Republic of China. Ideologically, it is an communist Marxist-Leninist party.

From 1943 to 1982 the most powerful position in the party was Chairman. In 1982, members of the Central Committee voted to name the leader of the party General Secretary again. The current General Secretary is Xi Jinping.

The CPC tries to keep good relationships(how good or bad they feel with each other) with other communist parties. Other communist parties also send people to have meets with the CPC. For example, the chairman of Portuguese Communist Party, Jeronimo de Sousa, met with Liu Qibao, a member of the Central Politburo in 2007. For another example, Pierre Laurent, the National Secretary of the French Communist Party (FCP), met with Liu Yunshan, a Politburo Standing Committee member.

Also, the CPC gives help to the communist party of Cuba in a wide range and a deep degree. After the disintegration of the USSR (USSR was not a whole country anymore), the CPC became the only major helpers of Cuba.

Communism had fallen in the Western Europe. The CPC began to make good party-to-party relations with other non-communist parties. The CPC also used this way to learn.

The relationships between the CPC and the Kuomintang and other parties in Taiwan, has loosened since Jiang Zemin’s time.

Tatar language

The Tatar language is a Turkic language that is spoken by the Tatar people, and is the official language of the Republic of Tatarstan in Russia.

Like many other Turkic languages, different alphabets are used to write the Tatar language.

In Russia, the Tatar alphabet is Cyrillic by a federal government law passed in 2002. It has 39 letters, of which 33 are the same as in Russian. The other 6 (and their positions in the alphabet) are:

In 2001, the government of the Republic of Tatarstan created a Latin alphabet for the Tatar language called "Zamanälif". But the next year, the federal government did not allow it to be made official. The "Zamanälif" alphabet has these 35 letters:

A, Ä, B, C, Ç, D, E, F, G, Ğ, H, I, İ, Í, J, K, L, M, N, Ñ, O, Ö, P, Q, R, S, Ş, T, U, Ü, V, W, X, Y, Z

There was another Latin alphabet for Tatar called Jaьjalif, Yangalif or Yañalif (Tatar: jaьja əlifba/yaña älifba → jaьjalif/yañalif, Cyrillic: Яңалиф, "new alphabet") which is the first Latin alphabet used during the latinisation in the Soviet Union in the 1930s for the Turkic languages. It replaced the Yaña imlâ Arabic script-based alphabet in 1928, and was replaced by the Cyrillic alphabet in 1938–1940. After their own independence in 1991, several former Soviet states in Central Asia switched back to Latin script, with some differences to Jaьjalif.

There are 33 letters in Jaьjalif, nine of which are vowels. The apostrophe (') is used for the glottal stop (həmzə or hämzä) and is sometimes thought of as a letter for the purposes of alphabetic sorting. Other characters may also be used in spelling foreign names. The lowercase form of the letter B is ʙ (small caps B), to prevent confusion with Ь ь (I with bowl). Letter No. 33, similar to Zhuang Ƅ, is not currently available as a Latin letter in Unicode, but it looks exactly like Cyrillic soft sign (Ь). Capital Ə (schwa) also looks like Russian/Cyrillic Э in some fonts. There is also a digraph in Jaьjalif (Ьj ьj).

There have been two Arabic alphabets used to write Tatar: "İske imlâ" and "Yaña imlâ". "İske imlâ" is the older of the two and was used until 1920, when it was changed to become "Yaña imlâ" and remained in use until it was replaced by the Latin "Yañalif" alphabet. However, Tatars in China still use "İske imlâ".

Since 2012, it is possible for people and organizations to write to the Tatarstan government in either the Latin or Arabic scripts, but the government has to answer in Cyrillic.

House of Medici

The House Medici (pronounced med-ee-chee) or Medici family was a very important family in Florence, Italy from the year 1300 to about 1600. They were the richest family in Europe for many years. Many leaders of Florence during the Renaissance were Medicis. The Medicis were important because they ran many banks, including the most important bank in Europe. They were so powerful they became like a royal family. 4 popes of the Catholic Church were from the Medici. Their names were Pope Leo X (the 10th), Pope Clement VII(the 7th), Pope Pius IV (the 4th), and Pope Leo XI (the 11th) 2 Queens of France were from the medici- Catherine de’ Medici and Marie de’ Medici.The heir to the Tuscan throne was traditionally known as the Grand Prince.
The family ruled the state with the title of Grand Duke of Tuscany.


Giovanni Bicep de' Medici, (1360-1429), was the first important member of the family. He invested his money very wisely and became rich. He and his son, Cosmo de' Medici, (1389-1464), began the Medici Banking Company, which did so well that they soon had branches of the bank in large cities all over Europe, including London and Paris. Giovanni Bicep and Cosmo were the richest men in Europe, and their family was politically the most powerful in Florence. 

Florence already had an industry, the cloth industry. Florentine merchants (traders) traded with Lombard traders from the north of Italy. They bought English wool and Chinese silk to be woven into the most magnificent cloth in Europe at the riverside factories of Florence. Florence was perfectly sited for making cloth. A lot of water is needed to make cloth. Other towns nearby are high on the tops of hills, but Florence is in a wide valley, with the broad Arno River flowing through it. There was a harbor on the coast near Pisa. The Pisans were not very friendly towards Florence, so Florence took them over. Then the rich traders of Florence could have their own ships and did not have to worry about the Lombard traders who brought their goods across Europe and over the mountains on the backs of donkeys.

Cosimo de' Medici was a patriot and a patron. He was a "patriot" because he acted like a father to his city. He became part of the town council. They were a group of men called the "signorina" (the seniors or elders). Cosimo made laws that adjusted the taxes. Some of the rich people did not like this at all and left the city, making Cosimo more powerful. He took good care of industry, of trade and of farming, because Florence needed all these things. He particularly needed the loyalty of all the farms and villages, because a city in a valley is easy for an army to attack. Cosimo built public buildings and when he had a palace built for himself, he had long stone seats built along the walls for the poor and the elderly to sit on.

He was a patron because he supported the church, and lots of writers, artists, architects and students. He founded a "Platonic Academy" where students could study the works of Ancient Greek writers and talk about politics, religion and new ideas. The head of the Academy was a philosopher called Marsillio Ficino. Cosimo encouraged architects to design buildings in the style of Ancient Rome. He collected a huge library of books and gave them to the monastery of San Lorenzo to be used by students. When he wanted some quiet time, he went to friary, (which is like a monastery), Sant Marco's, where he encouraged one of the "brothers", Fra Angelico, to paint beautiful sacred pictures.

After the death of Cosimo, his grandson Lorenzo de' Medici became even more famous. He was called Lorenzo il Magnifico (the Magnificent). It was during the time of Lorenzo that some of the most famous artists in world history were alive in Florence, and worked for the Medici:- Botticelli, Michelangelo and Leonardo da Vinci.


Giordano Bruno

Giordano Bruno (January 1548 – 17 February 1600) was an Italian friar of the Dominican Order. He was also a philosopher and mathematician. He is best known for believing in the infinity of the universe. His cosmological theories went beyond the Copernican model. 

Bruno thought the Sun was just one of an infinite number of independently moving heavenly bodies. He is the first man to have thought the stars we see at night are identical in nature to the Sun. For publishing beliefs contrary to Roman Catholic dogma about transubstantiation, trinity and other matters, he was burnt at the stake as a heretic by the Inquisition of the Roman Catholic Church.

Bruno also wrote extensive works on the art of memory, a loosely organized group of mnemonic techniques and principles.

The Catholic Church made the following accusations against Bruno:

Bruno did accept and promote Copernicus' idea that the Earth revolves round the Sun. Many believe this was one of main reasons for his downfall; others think his theological beliefs were more critical. In 1584 he published two dialogues which argued for his idea on astronomy. Eight years later he was arrested, and his trial took another eight years. His accusers demanded complete recantation of all his 'erroneous' beliefs. He refused, and went to his death. Later the Inquisition used his example to terrify Galileo into withdrawing his works from publication.


Wheel of Fortune (US game show)

Wheel of Fortune is an American television game show. It was created by Merv Griffin in 1975. The program was first hosted by Chuck Woolery from 1975 until n 1981. Pat Sajak has been hosting it since 1981. Susan Stafford was the co-host who turned the letters from 1975 until 1982. She was replaced by Vanna White in 1982. The program has been aired in syndication since 1983. The 39th season of the program premiered on September 13, 2021

On the program, three people compete for prizes. The game combines the game of hangman with a prize wheel.

There are 24 spaces on the wheel. When a person lands on a cash space, they may guess a consonant . If that letter is in the puzzle, it is shown and the person is credited the amount of money shown on the wheel for each time the letter is in the puzzle. Rather than spinning the wheel, a person can buy a vowel for $250. The program uses A, E, I, O, and U as the vowels in each puzzle. Only the person who solves the puzzle keeps any money and prizes that they earned each round.

The wheel has both money amounts and special spaces. If a person lands on "Lose a Turn", their turn ends and the next person takes a turn. After landing on the "Free Spin" space, the person must guess a letter. If it is in the puzzle, they earn a free spin token and can take an extra turn. If a person lands on Bankrupt, their turn ends and they lose all of the money and special prizes that they have earned in the current round. They do not lose any "Free Spin" tokens they have and may use a free spin at that time to take another turn. A "Wild Card" is used to guess another consonant for the same cash value that the wheel is on. There are two "1/2 Car" tags on the wheel. When a spin ends on one of these spaced, the person collects the tag. If they win a round with both tags, they win a new car. There is also a prize wedge and a Gift Tag. The prize wedge is a prize announced before the first round. To win it, a contestant has to land on the wedge, call a correct letter, and solve the puzzle. The Gift Tag is $1,000 credit from a company. In the first three rounds, there is a special $1,000,000 wedge. If it is claimed and brought to the bonus round, the person can play for $1,000,000 in the bonus round. If a person lands on "Free Play", they can take an action without any risk. They can buy a vowel at no cost. If they call a letter that is not in the puzzle, they do not lose their turn. They can even try to solve the puzzle, and if they are wrong, they do not lose their turn.

At the beginning of the show, there is a Toss-Up puzzle. During this puzzle, one letter at a time is shown on the board. Any contestant may ring in to solve the puzzle before the last letter is revealed. An wrong answer means that person can not play for the rest of that round. After the puzzle is solved, a second Toss-Up is used to determines who starts the next round of the game. 

In round two, two mystery wedges are added to the wheel. One hides $10,000 and the other hides a Bankrupt. When a person lands on a mystery wedge, they guess a letter. The person may take $1,000 for each time the letter is in the puzzle or chose to turn over the wedge. If the $10,000 is under the wedge, $10,000 is added to their amount for that turn. If the Bankrupt is under the wedge, the lose everything they have earned that round and their turn ends. If one wedge has already been turned over, the other acts as a regular $1,000 space. 

Round three is the Prize Puzzle round. The person who solves the puzzle wins a prize. An Express wedge is added to the wheel in the third round. If a person lands on this wedge and guesses a correct letter, they can continue playing the game normally or choose to play for $1,000 per letter without spinning. If a contestant chooses to play for $1,000 per letter without spinning and calls a wrong letter, or takes too long to call a letter, it is treated as a Bankrupt.

Starting in Season 37, a "Triple Toss-Up" was added to the game. During this, there are three consecutive puzzles in the same category. The third puzzle determines who starts the next round. 

When time runs short, a bell sounds. Starting in Season 39, the person in control spins the wheel. Remaining consonants are worth $1,000 plus the value on the wheel in front of the left-most person. Each person take a turn guessing a letter. A vowel may be called at no cost. Then, the person has three seconds to solve the puzzle.

The person with the most cash at the end of the game plays the bonus round. If the game ends in a tie, another toss-up puzzle is played to chose who plays the bonus round. The person who wins the game gets to pick from one of three categories for the bonus round. They spins the bonus wheel to chose what prize they are playing for. This wheel has 24 prizes, just like the main wheel. The category is then announced and a bonus puzzle is revealed. The person is given the letters R, S, T, L, N, and E. They then chose three more consonants and a vowel. If a contestant has a Wild Card in the bonus round, a fourth consonant is called. Once all the chosen letters have been shown, they have 10 seconds to solve the puzzle. If the puzzle is solved, they win the prize that they landed on. If they cannot solve the puzzle, the board shows the correct answer. The host then shows the prize in the envelope regardless of the result. Prizes include amounts ranging from $35,000 to $50,000 in $5,000 amounts and a top prize of $100,000. If the Million Dollar Wedge is bought to the bonus round, the $100,000 envelope is replaced with a $1,000,000 one. Prior to season 35, a car and $5,000 cash was also on the prize wheel. 


Shalom

Shalom (שלום) is a Hebrew word which means "peace". It is also used as a method of greeting like "hello" and "goodbye".

Similar to its use in English, it can mean peace between two persons or entities. It also means inner peace, being calm or the quietness of a person, well-being, welfare or safety of an individual or a group. 

The root of the word "shalom" can be related to ""shalem"" which means "wholeness", or to "le-shalem" which means "to complete, to reward, to pay, to compensate". This means that it is more than the absence of conflict or struggle or the breaking of unfriendliness: It also means a return to the balance, to justice, and to the complete equality.

In general, one uses the word "shalom" as the short form of the sentence "Shalom Aleichem" (exactly "Peace is with you") that can be translated as "good day (morning, afternoon, high noon...)" (a greeting). This is very similar to the Arabic phrase "Salam Alaykum" (سلام عليكم) which is again a greeting meaning "Peace be with you".

Villa Gordiani

Villa Gordiani is a park in Rome. Several Roman ruins, some of them still well preserved, are in the park.

Massachusetts Bay Colony

The Massachusetts Bay Colony was an English settlement in the 17th century on the east coast of North America. The colony was later called New England and what is now the cities of Salem and Boston. The Bay Colony also included what is now known as the States of Massachusetts, Maine, New Hampshire, Rhode Island, and Connecticut.

John Winthrop, the founder of the Massachusetts Bay Colony, continued to work on the colony, and improve it any possible way. He knew that the Church of England was bad, so he decided to improve it at the New World; either colonizing the natives or getting rid of them.

There were two companies who brought settlers in the New World. The first company was the Dorchester Company but was a failure. The second company was in 1628 and called the Massachusetts Bay Colony. This was successful and brought approximately 20,000 people to the Colony.

At first the colonists had a good friendship with the Native Americans but as more Europeans moved to these areas there were problems over land borders. The Native Americans also had many different customs. These differences led first to the Pequot War (1636–1638), and then to King Philip's War (1675–1676). After these wars, the Native Americans became peaceful and others moved to different places.

The colony was doing well and made money trading with England. They also traded with the West Indies. In 1686 there was a civil war in England. King James II wanted to have total control over the colonies. After the war, the colonies remained the same until 1692. Then Sir William Phips arrived and Massachusetts Bay and the Plymouth Colony were combined. The colonists helped in the running of the government and how it would spend its money.

From the earliest times many Native American lived in this area. They farmed and hunted within their own land borders and did not cross each other's land. Early in the 1600s, explorers, Samuel de Champlain and John Smith made a map of the area.

Living in the New World was very hard work for the first settlers. Many became ill and died though the cold winter. There was not enough food, and the rest of the people decided to return to England after one year. For awhile there was no more talk of settling people in those parts. English ships did still come to the New England area for fishing and trading with the Indians.

In November 1620, a group of Europeans arrived and started Plymouth Colony. Other settlements were tried near there but they failed and the people either joined the Plymouth Colony, returned to England, or lived nearby the Colony.

The people of Plymouth faced many problems during the first years and could not pay back their investors. In 1627 the companies left the colonists to take care of themselves. Edward Winslow and William Bradford, two of its leaders, wrote about the "Mayflower" and the colony they created, called Plymouth Colony. It was published in England in 1622 called "Mourt's Relation". The two men have different opinions but it was written to encourage people to come to the New World to live.


About a Girl (TV series)

About a Girl is a Canadian comedy television series, which was first shown on October 5, 2007 on The N in the United States, and Global in Canada. It is the first scripted comedy for The N. On February 25, 2008, actor Sandy Robson announced that the show was getting cancelled. The show ended with 13 episodes in one season.

The series centers around Amy, a young college student who moves in an apartment off campus with four guys, when she finds out her dorm room is a uninhabitable sty. Her new roommates are wild, unpredictable, and...kind of hot.




Number line

A number line is a line with integers (simply ordinary numbers, ...-3, -2, -1, 0, 1, 2, 3...) on it extending forever in both directions. Usually, zero (0) is placed in the middle of the line. The numbers have an equal space from each other. Other numbers in between the numbers on the line represent rational, irrational, and other types of real numbers.

There is another number line, equally valid and useful, that extends vertically through 0 (the origin) at right angles to our traditional number line and uses imaginary numbers ("i"). These so-called imaginary numbers extend above and below the traditional number line and are used in very real calculations in many areas of science and technology and also extend in both directions forever (into infinity).

A number line is usually drawn as a simple horizontal line. Another form is the helical number line. If the line of numbers is wrapped around a cylinder following an upward helical path, it becomes a helical number line.
If the circumference of the cylinder is equal to the length occupied by ten numbers on the number line, it then becomes a decimal helical number line, and the numbers arrange themselves into columns, each number in a particular column having the same number ending.


Tunicate

Tunicates (sea squirts or Urochordata) are a subphylum of the Chordates. 

They are sea filter-feeders: they live mainly on plankton. They are called tunicates because the adult form is covered by a leathery tunic. This tunic supports and protects the animal. The adults are sessile, stuck to rocks. 

Many tunicates are colonial or semi-colonial in their adult stage. They are quite a large group, containing about 3,000 species. The adults live mostly on the sea floor, in the littoral zone.

The sea squirt has two openings in its small body. One opening, called the "oral siphon", sucks water into the animal; the other opening, called the "atrial siphon", squirts water out of the animal. Inside is a little basket-like sieve which traps food: so these sea squirts are filter feeders. The Sea squirt can close the holes in its siphons, like a drawstring can close the opening in a bag. 

When in its larval state, it looks like a tadpole and is sometimes called a "tadpole larva". Like many sea creatures, a sea squirt larva looks very different from an adult sea squirt. The larva swims for a short time and then attaches itself to something on the sea floor, like a rock, transforming into its adult form. It usually stays in one place for the rest of its life.

Tunicates are more closely related to craniates (hagfish, lampreys, jawed vertebrates) than to lancelets, echinoderms, hemichordates, or other invertebrates.

Chemical substances which might help fight diseases like cancer or various viruses have been found in some species. 

Scientists have also found out that some species can heal some damage done to them, over several generations. A similar process might be possible for humans.



Zheng He

Zheng He or Ma He is en (Chinese 郑和; 1371–1433) was an explorer, diplomat, and admiral from China. He lived during the Ming Dynasty. Zheng He was the leader of a very large fleet of ships that traveled all over the Indian Ocean and Southwest Asia. Zheng He was an eunuch of China's Imperial Court. The fleet that Zheng He commanded had 317 ships that were very large. 28,000 Chinese soldiers were on board these ships.

Zheng He was born in Kunyang, a village in Yunnan. He was born with the name Ma He (Chinese 马三宝). He and his family were Muslim. At the time, Yunnan was ruled by Mongols. In 1381, however, a Ming army invaded and took control of the area.

Ma He was taken as a prisoner by the Ming armies. He was about 10 years old. He was castrated and then taken away to serve the Prince, Zhu Di (the future emperor). Ma He became a servant at the Imperial Court. The name Zheng He was given to him by the Prince. He also came to be called "Sanbao", a reference to the Three Jewels of Buddhism.

From 1405 to 1433, Zheng He went on seven journeys to the Indian Ocean, or what the Chinese people called the "Western Ocean". He was the leader of a large fleet of ships and a big army.

In his first three journeys he visited the countries of Southeast Asia, India and Sri Lanka. In his fourth to seventh journeys he went as far as the east African coast. In his journeys he gave the countries he visited gifts of silk, porcelain, gunpowder and other goods. He got lots of unusual gifts as well, including giraffes and zebras.

Zheng He had his first journey from 1405–1407, but it is not known why the journey was made. He travelled from the mouth of the Yangtze River to Vietnam, as well as the south of India. His fleet was made up of 317 ships, more than 27,000 men, and the cargo included porcelain, silk, and lacquerware. He used a treasure fleet which is known as the largest wooden ships ever built, being long, and about wide. On his first voyage, he defeated a famous pirate in the Strait of Malacca.

For the next 28 years, Zheng He traveled on six more voyages. From 1407–1409, he visited Calicut, Thailand and Java. From 1409–1411, he saw Ayutthaya, Malaya, Sumatra and Sri Lanka. From 1413–1415, he went to Sri Lanka, Bengal, India, Hormuz, Arabia and Aden. On his fifth journey, from 1417–1419, he visited the Ryukyu Islands, Brunei, and east Africa. Then from 1421–1422, he expanded on his fifth journey. His final journey, from 1433–1435, he revisited many of the previous places and brought back gifts from many rulers.

Zheng He visited over 30 countries, and is believed to have died in 1433 on the journey home during the final treasure fleet voyage. After Zheng He died at sea in 1433, his treasure fleet quickly faded, even though his voyages had been a success. Less than 100 years after his death, all of the ships from China were destroyed.



List of elements

This page shows a list of all 118 chemical elements that have been identified.



Georg Büchner Prize

The Georg Büchner Prize (German: Georg-Büchner-Preis) is the most important literary prize of Germany. It was created in 1923 in memory of German writer Georg Büchner and was only given to artists who came from or were closely tied to Büchner's home of Hesse. 

In 1951, the prize changed to a general literary prize, given yearly by the "Deutsche Akademie für Sprache und Dichtung". It goes to German language authors, and the annual speech by the recipient takes place in Darmstadt. Since 2002, the prize has been endowed with 40,000 Euros.










Brigham Young University Hawaii

Brigham Young University Hawaii, or "BYU-Hawaii" for short, is an undergraduate university that educates 2,400 students from Asia, the Pacific islands, the United States, and other parts of the world. 

The campus is in Laie, Hawaii. It is owned and operated by The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. It was founded in 1955 by the President of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints - David O. McKay.

Australopithecus africanus

Austalopithecus africanus was first discovered by Raymond Dart in 1925. He found a well-preserved skull of a young australopithecine, three to four years old. This skull is often called the Taung Child, after Taung, South Africa where it was found. It is perhaps the most complete skull of "A. africanus" known. Based on current data "A. africanus" dates to between 3.03 and 2.04 million years ago.

"Australopithecus africanus" had a dish shaped facial structure with teeth that were large compared to modern humans. While it had larger front teeth compared to the back, the emphasis was on back tooth grinding. Males had a sagital crest on the tops of their skulls. Large muscles were attached to this ridge that helped to support the heavy jaw.


Australopithecus

Australopithecus is a genus of extinct hominids closely related to humans.

The first "Australopithecus" described was the Taung Child, discovered by Raymond Dart, and described in 1925.

Their remains are mostly found in East Africa, and the first fossil is from 3.9 million years ago (mya). The split from other apes would have taken place earlier, perhaps about 5 mya.

It is widely believed that the group of which they are part gave rise to the genus "Homo", and hence to human beings.

The genus "Australopithecus" originally included two rather different forms. One form was lightweight: the gracile australopithecines. The other form was bulkier, the robust australopithecines.

It is still under discussion whether they should be put in separate genera. Here we treat the gracile forms; the robust forms are described elsewhere as "Paranthropus".

Gracile australopithecines shared several traits with modern apes and humans. They were widespread throughout Eastern and Northern Africa 3.9 to 3 million years ago.

The brains of most species of "Australopithecus" were roughly 35% of the size of that of a modern human brain. This is not much more than the brain of a chimpanzee. Brain size in hominins does not increase significantly until the arrival of the genus "Homo".

The Taung specimen had short canine teeth, and the position of the foramen magnum was evidence of bipedal locomotion.

Most species of "Australopithecus" were diminutive and gracile, usually standing between 1.2 and 1.4 m tall (approx. 4 to 4.5 feet). There is a considerable degree of sexual dimorphism. Modern hominids do not show sexual dimorphism to the same degree — particularly, modern humans display a low degree of sexual dimorphism, with males being only 15% larger (taller, heavier) than females, on average.

In "Australopithecus", however, males can be up to 50% larger than females, though usually less pronounced than this.

The skeleton, the fossil footprints found at Laetoli, Tanzania, the canine teeth and the foramen magnum all show that these apes had achieved bipedalism.

"Australopithecus africanus" used to be regarded as ancestral to the genus "Homo" (in particular "Homo erectus").

However, fossils assigned to the genus "Homo" have been found that are older than "A. africanus". Thus, the genus "Homo" either split off from the genus "Australopithecus" at an earlier date (the latest common ancestor being "A. afarensis" or an even earlier form, possibly "Kenyanthropus platyops"), or both developed from a common ancestor independently.

According to the Chimpanzee Genome Project, both human ("Ardipithecus", "Australopithecus" and "Homo") and chimpanzee ("Pan troglodytes" and "Pan paniscus") lineages diverged from a common ancestor about 5 to 6 million years ago, if we assume a constant rate of evolution.

However, hominins discovered more recently are somewhat older than the molecular clock would suggest. "Sahelanthropus tchadensis", commonly called ""Toumai"" is about 7 million years old and "Orrorin tugenensis" lived at least 6 million years ago. Since little is known of them, they remain controversial because the molecular clock in humans has determined that humans and chimpanzees had an evolutionary split at least a million years later.

One theory suggests that the human and chimpanzee lineages diverged somewhat at first, then some populations interbred around one million years after diverging. More likely, the assumptions behind molecular clocks do not hold exactly. The key assumption behind the technique is that, in the long run, changes in molecular structure happen at a steady rate.
Researchers such as Ayala have challenged this assumption.

Homo

Homo is a genus of upright primates that walk on two legs. The only living species is "Homo sapiens" (humans).

The genus began about 2.3 million years ago. Their ancestors were almost certainly some line of Australopithecine apes. Species of "Homo" have:

As the process continues, the forehead becomes more vertical, the skull becomes rounder, the teeth are reduced in size, arms are shorter and legs are longer. The skeleton becomes more delicate. particularly in our species. 

All species used stone tools, but there is no evidence of when language developed. Human evolution is a much studied topic.


Poverty in India

Poverty in India is an issue that has been important in India however the population of those in poverty has started to decrease.

The Government of India says that the poverty line for rural areas is ₹ 816 per month and ₹ 1000 per month in urban areas. This means that many people do not have enough money. India's proposed but not yet adopted official poverty line is ₹972 (US$14) a month in rural areas or ₹1,407 (US$21) a month in cities.

In India, the average calorie requirement of an average man is 2400 calories per day in Rural area and 2100 calories per day in Urban area.

In 2012, the latest report by the Planning Commission of India (Tendulkar Committee) reported that 26% of all people in India fall below the international poverty line of US$1.25 per day. Over the last decade, poverty has been witnessed a consistent decline with the levels dropping from 37.2% in 2004-05 to 29.8% in 2009-10. The number of poor people is now estimated at 250 million.

In 1947 the average income in India was similar to South Korea. South Korea became a developed country by the 2000s, but India did not.

For the first 40 years, India followed the Soviet-style economic planning, nationalization programs and government ownership of industry. Its economic growth averaged about 3.5%, while Asian economies such as South Korea grew on average more than twice that rate annually. Adjusted for population growth in India, its income per head grew at 1.49% annually, while incomes of South Koreans - rich and poor - rose rapidly.

India's Soviet-style economy included the "Licence Raj": the elaborate licences, regulations and red tape needed to set up and run a business in India between 1947 and 1990. The License Raj was a result of India's decision to have a planned economy, where all aspects of the economy are controlled by the state. Licences were only given to a select few. Corruption flourished under this system. Under this system, the country created few jobs and little wealth. Widespread poverty remained.

The Christian Community

The Christian Community (original German name: "Die Christengemeinschaft") is a Christian denomination. It was founded in 1922 in Dornach (Switzerland) by a group of theologians and pastors, led by the Protestant pastor Friedrich Rittelmeyer. He was helped by Rudolf Steiner, the Austrian philosopher and founder of anthroposophy.


List of railway stations in Melbourne

This is a list of the 200 currently operating suburban railway stations (216 including greater metropolitan stations) in Melbourne, Australia. The stations make up 16 railway lines going out from the city (and 4 greater metropolitan lines), as well as the central City Loop.

There are also a further 19 stations on 3 old, volunteer-operated, tourist railways. These are not a part of the suburban network.

Stations are broken up into 2 Myki ticketing zones (some stations are included in both zones, where tickets for either zone may be used), as well as the City Saver area, which is within Zone 1 and covers the central business district. On March 4, 2007 zone 3 was made part of zone 2.





For detailed travel information, do not rely only on this page; please go to the Metlink website.


56 stations

Separates from the Pakenham line at Caulfield station.

19 stations


The Stony Point line is a greater metropolitan line that joins the Frankston line.

Separates from the Sandringham line at South Yarra station.

23 stations


The Traralgon line is a regional line that continues the Pakenham line.

Separates from the Pakenham line at Dandenong station.


Separates from the Eastern lines (Burnley group) at Richmond station.

12 stations


53 stations

Separates from the City Loop at Southern Cross and Flagstaff stations.

14 stations


Separates from the Craigieburn railway line at North Melbourne station.

13 stations


Separates from the Craigieburn railway line at North Melbourne station.

12 stations


The Sunbury line is a greater metropolitan line that joins the Sydenham line.

Separates from the Sydenham line at Footscray station.

7 stations


Separates from the Williamstown line at Newport station.

7 stations


The Geelong and Warrnambool regional lines join the Werribee line.

Separates from the Craigieburn railway line at Newmarket station. Trains may start running on this line every day, as part of renewing the Royal Melbourne Showgrounds.


49 stations

Separates from the City Loop at Flinders Street and Parliament stations.

23 stations


Separates from the Lilydale line at Burnley station.

12 stations


Separates from the Lilydale line at Ringwood station.

8 stations


Separates from the Lilydale line at Camberwell station.

6 stations


37 stations

Separates from the City Loop at Flinders Street and Parliament stations.

23 stations


Separates from the Hurstbridge line at Clifton Hill station.

14 stations


These lines have trains pulled by diesel engines and railcar services, and use Myki tickets. All trains are run by V/Line, except for the Stony Point line run by Metro Trains Melbourne using engines borrowed from V/Line Passenger.

15 stations

Begins at Frankston station on the Frankston line.

9 stations


Separates from the Sydenham line at Sunshine station.


The Ballarat regional line is joined to the Melton line.

Continues from the Sydenham line.


The Bendigo regional line is joined to the Sunbury line.

These lines are run part-time (full-time in the case of Puffing Billy) by groups of people who want to keep old trains running, and are do not use Myki tickets.

19 stations

12 stations. In this list only, a star ( * ) shows stations at which trains do not normally stop, and are there mainly to be historic.






Flag of Kurdistan

The Flag of Kurdistan (Kurdish: "Alaya Kurdistanê") has three colours and are placed horizontally. The top colour is red, the middle is white and the bottom is green. In the middle of the white is a sun with 21 rays. The 21 rays represent Navruz.

Vector graphics

Vector graphics (also called graphical modeling, or object-oriented graphics) is a type of computer graphics. Vector graphics uses geometrical objects, like points, lines, curves, and polygons to model the image. Mathematics can be used to describe the graphics. Most often vectors and matrices are used. The first major use of vector graphics was in the Semi-Automatic Ground Environment air defense system.

The other way to model computer graphics is to use raster graphics. Raster graphics model images as a collection of pixels. Unlike raster images, vector-based images can be scaled indefinitely without loss of quality. Vector graphics are most often used for diagrams, and other things that can be described using simple shapes. Photographs are most often raster images.


Silence (band)

Silence is a German rock - heavy metal band. It was founded in 1995 in Bavaria, Germany. Its founding members were Stefan Mueller (guitar), Holger Kronester (drums), and the brothers Bernd (guitar) and Marco Wolf (bass). They played a mix of rock and metal music. Their music always had a dark, depressive side.

The band's first successful album was "Enola". It was listed as "Album of the month" in German Metal-Hammer. The album was released in 2000. Three years later they recorded "the p/o/u/r letters". It got very good reviews all over Germany and Europe. In 2007 they released their 5 track EP "The Badtime Stories". With this album they got a record deal with the German record label Biohazzard Records, a sublabel of Danse macabre.

In 2010 they released the follow-up full-length album to "the p/o/u/r letters". It was titled "Life: Failed". 

The today's members of the band consists of Stefan (singer), Bernd (guitar), Sebastian (keyboard), Bastian (guitar), Oliver (bass) and Bastian (drums).



Georg Büchner

Karl Georg Büchner (17 October 1813 – 19 February 1837) was a German dramatist and writer of prose. He was the brother of physician and philosopher Ludwig Büchner. Many people think that he might have become as important as Johann Wolfgang von Goethe and Friedrich Schiller if he had lived longer.
He was the son of a doctor and born in Goddelau near Darmstadt, Hesse-Darmstadt. Büchner went to a secondary school that focused on Latin, Greek and on modern languages (including French, Italian and English). But he was mainly interested in science and when he went to university he studied medicine in Strasbourg.

In 1828 he became interested in politics and joined a group which later on probably became the Gießen and Darmstadt section of the "Gesellschaft für Menschenrechte" (Society for Human Rights). In Strasbourg, he studied not only medicine but French literature and political thought as well.
While Büchner continued his studies in Gießen he started a secret society which wanted revolutionary change. With the help of the Protestant theologian Friedrich Ludwig Weidig he published the leaflet "Der Hessische Landbote", a revolutionary text that criticized social problems in the Grand Duchy of Hesse. The authorities charged them with treason and issued a warrant of apprehension. While Weidig was arrested, tortured and died imprisoned in Darmstadt, Büchner fled across the border to Strasbourg where he wrote most of his literary work and translated two plays by Victor Hugo, "Lucrèce Borgia" and "Marie Tudor". Two years later, his dissertation, "Mémoire sur le Système Nerveux du Barbeaux (Cyprinus barbus L.)" was published in Paris and Strasbourg. The ideas of François-Noël Babeuf and Claude Henri de Saint-Simon had an important influence on his work. In October 1836 he got a job at the University of Zürich as a lecturer in anatomy and went back to Zürich where he spent his final months writing and teaching until he died of typhus at the age of twenty-three.

In 1835, his first play, "Dantons Tod" (Danton's Death), about the French revolution, was published, followed by "Lenz". It is a novella based on the life of the Sturm und Drang poet Jakob Michael Reinhold Lenz. In 1836 his second play, "Leonce and Lena" he describes the nobility. His unfinished and most famous play, "Woyzeck", was the first literary work in German whose main characters were members of the working class. Published after Büchner's death, it became the basis for Alban Berg's opera "Wozzeck" which was first performed in 1925.

By the 1870s, Büchner was nearly forgotten in Germany when Karl Emil Franzos edited his works; these later became a major influence on naturalism and expressionism. Arnold Zweig described "Lenz", Büchner's only work of prose, as the "beginning of modern European prose".



There are many translations of the individual plays.

Ludwig Büchner

Friedrich Karl Christian Ludwig Büchner (29 March 1824 – 1 May 1899) was a German philosopher, physiologist and physician who became one of the exponents of 19th century scientific materialism. 

Büchner was born at Darmstadt, Germany, on 29 March 1824. From 1842 to 1848 he studied physics, chemistry, botany, mineralogy, philosophy and medicine at the University of Giessen. In 1852 he became lecturer in medicine at the University of Tübingen, where he published his great work "Kraft und Stoff: Empirisch-naturphilosophische Studien" (Force and Matter: Empiricophilosophical Studies, 1855). In this work, he sought to demonstrate the indestructibility of matter and force. The extreme materialism of this work excited so much opposition that he was compelled to give up his post at Tübingen. He retired to Darmstadt, where he practiced as a physician and contributed regularly to pathological and physiological magazines. 

He died at Darmstadt on 1 May 1899. 

Ludwig Büchner was the brother of Georg Büchner, a famous playwright.


Goitre

A goitre or goiter (Latin: "struma"), also called a bronchocele, is a swelling in the neck (just below Adam's apple or larynx). It happens when the thyroid gland gets larger (usually because the body is not getting enough iodine). Goitre and associated deaf-muteism was widespread in Switzerland until the 1920s, when iodised salt was introduced. 

Goitres are classified in different ways (put into different categories): 


Some of the causes of goitre include:

New research says that some people may be more vulnerable to goitre (more likely to have goiters) because they inherited that vulnerability (it was passed down to them from their parents).



Cincinnati Reds

The Cincinnati Reds are a Major League Baseball team from Cincinnati, Ohio, are the oldest team in professional baseball, established in 1869. The team was known as the Cincinnati Red Stockings until 1878, when the team changed the name to the current Cincinnati Reds. The Reds joined the National League in 1876 The Reds have won World Series championships in 1919, 1940, 1975, 1976 and 1990. The strong Reds teams of the 1970s were nicknamed "The Big Red Machine". From 1912 to 1970, the Reds home stadium was Crosley Field, from 1970-2002 home games were played at Riverfront Stadium. Since 2003 the Reds have played home games at Great American Ballpark.


Josh Beckett

Joshua Patrick Beckett (born May 15, 1980) is an American former Major League Baseball starting pitcher. He has played for the Florida Marlins, Boston Red Sox, and the Los Angeles Dodgers.

Curt Schilling

Curtis Montague (Curt) Schilling (born November 14, 1966 in Anchorage, Alaska) is an American Major League Baseball starting pitcher. Schilling is a right-handed starting pitcher for the Boston Red Sox. He has won World Series championships in 2001 with the Arizona Diamondbacks and in 2004 and 2007 with the Red Sox. Schilling began his career on September 7, 1988 playing for the Baltimore Orioles.

On Wednesday, February 5, 2014 Schilling revealed that he has been diagnosed with and is being treated for cancer.

In 2016, Schilling announced that he is interested in running for President of the United States in the future if Hillary Clinton were to win.


Adam Dunn

Adam Troy Dunn (born November 9, 1979, in Houston, Texas), nicknamed "Big Donkey", is an American retired Major League Baseball first baseman, outfielder, and designated hitter. He played for the Cincinnati Reds, Arizona Diamondbacks, Washington Nationals, Chicago White Sox and Oakland Athletics. He batted left-handed and throws right-handed. Dunn retired after the 2014 season.


Stroke

A stroke is an illness in which part of the brain loses its blood supply. This can happen if an artery that feeds blood to the brain gets clogged, or if it tears and leaks.

A stroke is when there is a lack of blood flow to the brain. There are two types of strokes. One is when there is a blood clot blocking the artery. The other type of stroke is when a blood vessel bursts and there is blood moving around freely in the brain.

A stroke is the rapid loss of brain function(s) due to disturbance in the blood supply to the brain. This can happen because of ischemia (lack of blood flow) caused by blockage (thrombosis, arterial embolism), or a haemorrhage (leakage of blood).

As a result, the affected area of the brain cannot work properly. Symptoms might include: hemiplegia (an inability to move one or more limbs on one side of the body), aphasia (inability to understand or use language), or an inability to see one side of the visual field.

A stroke is a medical emergency. It can cause permanent damage. If it is not quickly treated, it may lead to death. It is the third most common cause of death and the most common cause of disability for adults in the United States and Europe.

Strokes happen on both the left and right side of the brain. When a stroke happens on the left side of someone’s brain, it affects the right side of the body. It can also cause problems with the patient’s speech and language. If a stroke affects the right side of the brain, it affects the left side of the body. It also changes patient’s spatial (relating to space) perceptions. Getting a stroke on the right side of the brain can also cause people to not acknowledge their illness. Patients behave impulsively and neglect the side of their body.

Factors that increase the risk of a stroke include old age, high blood pressure, a previous stroke, diabetes, high cholesterol, smoking, atrial fibrillation, migraine with aura, and thrombophilia (a tendency to thrombosis). Of those factors, the most easy to fix are high blood pressure and smoking.

The Cincinnati Prehospital Stroke Scale was designed to help "pre-hospital" medical professionals (like EMTs) identify a possible stroke before the patient gets to the hospital. It tests three basic signs. If any of these signs are not normal, the patient may be having a stroke and should be transported to a hospital as soon as possible.


About 72% of patients who cannot do one of these three tasks normally are having an ischemic stroke. More than 85% of patients who cannot do all three tasks are having an acute stroke.

The 'spot a stroke' campaign, created by the American Heart Association and the American Stroke Association, teaches everyday people how to recognize a stroke. It teaches the basic tests from the Cincinnati Stroke Scale, using the acronym FAST:

Once the patient is in the hospital, doctors can find out for sure whether they are having a stroke by looking at their brain with special scanning machines, like an MRI or a CT scanner.

Strokes can kill. To prevent a stroke, doctors advise people to:




Wheel of Fortune

Wheel of Fortune could mean a popular TV game show:

Wheel of Fortune could also mean:

Rota Fortunae

The Wheel of Fortune, or "Rota Fortunae", is a concept in medieval and ancient philosophy and means the unpredictable nature of Fate. The wheel belongs to the goddess Fortuna, who spins it at random, changing the positions of those on the wheel - some suffer great misfortune, others gain windfalls.

The concept developed in antiquity; it was used by Cicero. The Wheel originally belonged to the Roman goddess Fortuna, whose name seems to derive from "Vortumna", "she who revolves the year". Fortuna eventually became Christianized: the Roman philosopher Boethius (d. 524) was a major source for the medieval view of the Wheel, writing about it in his"Consolatio Philosophiae".

The Wheel of Fortune motif appears significantly in the "Carmina Burana" (or "Burana Codex"), over one thousand poems and songs — often profane in content — written by students and clergy in the early 13th century. Excerpts from two of the collection's better known poems, ""Fortuna Imperatrix Mundi" (Fortune, Empress of the World)" and ""Fortune Plango Vulnera" (I Bemoan the Wounds of Fortune)," read:The concept developed in antiquity; it was used by Cicero. The Wheel originally belonged to the Roman goddess Fortuna, whose name seems to derive from "Vortumna", "she who revolves the year". Fortuna eventually became Christianized: the Roman philosopher Boethius (d. 524) was a major source for the medieval view of the Wheel, writing about it in his"Consolatio Philosophiae".vv

Fortuna and her Wheel have remained an enduring image throughout history.

William Shakespeare in "Hamlet" wrote of the "slings and arrows of outrageous fortune" and, of fortune personified, to "break all the spokes and fellies from her wheel." And in "Henry V", Act 3 Scene VI, are the lines:

Selections from the "Carmina Burana", including the two poems quoted above, were set to new music by twentieth-century classical composer Carl Orff, whose bombastic and well-known "O Fortuna" is based on the poem "Fortuna Imperatrix Mundi".

Fortuna does occasionally turn up in modern literature. She is often associated with gamblers, and dice could also be said to have replaced the Wheel as the primary metaphor for uncertain fortune.


Raster graphics

Raster graphics is one of the two different kinds of computer graphics. Raster graphics are also called bitmap graphics.

With raster graphics, images are made of many tiny dots. The dots are called pixels.

The individual pixels of a raster image each has its own color.

The problem with raster graphics is that they can look blurry when zoomed in on. Therefore, there is another type of graphics called Vector graphics that work differently.

A computer monitor is a good example of a raster image because it is made of pixels. The number of pixels it has is called the resolution of the monitor. Another example is photographs, which are normally raster images.
Many printers today use computer languages like Postscript or PCL. These languages are usually based on the other type of computer graphics, called vector graphics. 

But to be printed, these images need to be translated into raster graphics first. 

This is done by a part called a Raster Image Processor. Most modern printers have those processors inside the printer. Some printers use a special piece of software on the computer to do that job.

Postscript

Postscript is a programming language. It was developed by Adobe, in 1984. It is a standard used by many computer printers. There are three different versions of it, Postscript Level 1, Level 2, and Level 3.

The Portable Document Format is another standard, also from Adobe. It is better adapted to printing. Many things computer languages have, have been dropped to develop PDF.

And finally, a Hello World program, the customary way to show a small example of a complete program in a given language, might look like this in Postscript:

or if the output device has a console

Horse chestnut

A horse chestnut ("Aesculus hippocastanum"), also known as the horse-chestnut, buckeye, conker tree, or Spanish chestnut, is a large deciduous tree. It is native to southern Europe, in the Balkans. It is often grown in temperate climates. It can grow up to 36 metres tall. The name of the tree (and the whole genus of similar trees) is because its fruit, the conker, was used to treat horses, against cough and some parasite worms. 

Horse chestnuts are not edible for humans. The trees are not closely related to sweet chestnuts.

Francisco Pizarro

Francisco Pizarro González, Marqués de los Atabillos (16 March 1478 – 26 June 1541) was a Spanish conquistador. Today, he is known as the conqueror of the Inca Empire. He also founded Lima, La Ciudad de los Reyes, capital of Peru. Pizarro was born in Trujillo, Extremadura, Spain.

He was an illegitimate son of Gonzalo Pizarro Rodríguez de Aguilar (senior) who as colonel of infantry served in the Italian campaigns under Gonzalo Fernández de Córdoba, and in Navarre, with some distinction. His mother was Francisca González Mateos, a woman of slender means from Trujillo. Through his father, Francisco was second cousin to Hernán Cortés, the famed conquistador of Mexico.

In 1502, Pizarro traveled to the New World where he joined in several expeditions to see the Pacific Ocean. In 1513 Pizarro joined the expedition of Vasco Núñez de Balboa across the Isthmus of Panama to become one of the first Europeans to see the Pacific Ocean. In 1524, after hearing stories about the exploration of Peru, he joined Diego de Almagro and Hernando de Soto. Together, they agreed to travel to Peru and look for gold. Despite the expedition ending in failure, Pizarro managed to make connections with the Inca people.

In 1528 he returned to Spain, where the king allowed him to conquer the new land for Spain. Pizarro himself was to be named governor of Peru. In 1531 he landed in Peru again, leading fewer than 300 soldiers. The country was devastated by a recent civil war between Atahualpa and Huascar, the sons of the dead emperor. In November 1532, Pizarro met Atahualpa in the city of Cajamarca and managed to capture him, even though the Inca was protected by thousands of soldiers. The weapons of the Spaniards proved superior. In 1533, after paying a huge ransom for his release, Atahualpa requested to be let free but Pizarro killed him anyway. He then continued south into Peru and captured the capital of Cuzco.

In 1535, Pizarro founded a new capital named La Ciudad de los Reyes, today known as Lima. However, some Spaniards had not been part of the capture of the Inca and therefore had not been paid any gold. Led by Almagro, the "Almagristas", Almagro's men, marched south into present-day Chile to find new riches, while Pizarro stayed in Peru. The Inca were treated very poorly and their riches stolen by the Spaniards, who built huge estates or brought gold back to Spain.

In 1536, the Inca tried to overthrow him in a rebellion, but failed since Pizarro managed to subdue the Incas after a year of fights.

However, the Spaniards had became so weakened that when Almagro returned, he took power and expelled Pizarro to the north. Pizarro returned with an army in 1538 and defeated Almagro. Almagro was executed in the plaza of Cuzco and Pizarro was again sole ruler.

However, Almagro had a son who swore revenge, and in 1541, Pizarro was assassinated in his palace in Lima by a number of men following Diego Almagro the younger. He was himself caught and executed the following year, so was the last brother of Pizarro struggling for power in Peru, in 1548. Then the Spanish king took personal control over the country by a personal envoy, the "Viceroy".


Bingo

Bingo or Housie is a game where people try to match numbers drawn at random with numbers on a card. When someone does this, they call "BINGO!" or "HOUSE!" very loud so everyone playing can hear.

The game was invented in Italy in the 1500s. The game slowly moved to other countries like France, Great Britain, and other parts of Europe. Bingo originates from the Italian lottery, Il Gioco del Lotto d'Italia. In Paris the game was known as Le Lotto, played by the rich part of French society. Since then the game become popular all over the world and today Charitable Bingo in US is worth $3 Billion.

In the United Kingdom, the game is played by marking a card. The card has 27 squares in 3 rows of 9. 15 squares have a numbers between 1 and 90. 5 numbers on each row. The winner is the first player to mark the 5 numbers in one line or all fifteen numbers on the card.

Bingo cards are normally printed in strips of six. A strip of six cards has every number between 1 and 90. Many people buy only 4 cards, so that the other two cards were usually wasted. Edward Thompson and Company, the largest printer of bingo tickets in the UK found a way to print strips of 12 so that there would be less waste, and so that any 6 tickets had all of the numbers 1 to 90.

In the UK, all money used to buy the bingo ticket must be given back in prize money. The owner of a bingo club is allowed to charge an entrance fee and also a "participation fee" (a fee to be allowed to take part in the bingo game).

In the United States, the game is played by a group of people. All of the group has cards and tokens. When a number is called that you have on your card, you place a token on that spot. The first person to make a line of 5 tokens up or down, across, or diagonally wins the game. This game is played for prizes usually.

9 (number)

Nine is the Arabic number which comes after 8 and before 10. It is an odd number, and is the highest single-digit number. It is also a square number. In Roman numerals, nine can be written as IX.

The number nine (9) takes the shape of an upside-down six (6), is a multiple of 3, and the third square number after 4.

Nine is also a composite number, having the factors: 1, 3 and 9 itself.

5 (number)

The number five is a number that comes after four and before the number six. In Roman numerals, it is V. 

Five is the third prime number, after two and three, and before seven. The number five is also an odd number.

Most people have five fingers (including one thumb) on each hand and five toes on each foot.

It is not known for certain who and how the shape of the number five was created, but most people think it was made by the Brahmin Indians.

Hurling

Hurling (in Irish, "iománaíocht" or "iomáint") is an Irish outdoor team sport similar to hockey, played by two teams of 15 people.

The object of the game is for players to use a wooden axe-shaped stick called a hurley (in Irish a "camán", pronounced kam-awn), or a hurl, to hit a small ball called a sliotar (pronounced slith-er) between the opponents' goalposts either over the crossbar for one point, or under the crossbar into a net guarded by a goalkeeper for one goal, which is equivalent to three points.

The ball can be caught in the hand and carried for not more than four steps, struck in the air, or struck on the ground with the stick. It can be kicked or slapped with an open hand (the hand pass) for short-range passing. A player who wants to carry the ball for more than three steps has to bounce or balance the ball on the end of the stick, and the ball can only be handled twice while in his possession.


 Hurling is played on a pitch approximately 137m long and 82m wide The goals at each end of the field are formed by two posts, which are usually 6 m high, set 6.4 m apart, and connected 2.44 m above the ground by a crossbar. A net extending in back of the goal is attached to the crossbar and lower goal posts.



6 (number)

The number six is a natural number that comes after the number five and before the number seven. 

Six is also the first perfect number which means that the sum of its factors (1, 2 and 3) are equal to the number itself (6). The next perfect number is 28. In Roman numerals, it is VI.

The number six is an even number.

4 (number)

The number four is a number and a numeral. It comes after the number three, and before the number five. In Roman numerals, it is IV.

In mathematics, the number four is an even number and the smallest composite number. Four is also the second square number after one.
A small minority of people have four fingers on each hand and four toes on each foot. Four squared is 16, and four doubled is 8.

In geometry, quadrilaterals or tetragons are a kind of shapes called polygons have four sides and vertices, to which squares are quadrilaterals with sides of same length and vertices of the same wideness.

7 (number)

The number seven is a natural number that comes after six and before eight. In Roman numerals, it is VII.

In mathematics, the number seven is an odd number and a prime number.
It is also a Mersenne prime.
Example

918785
77 is divisible by 7, so the original number 918785 is also divisible by 7.

Proof:
Pretend formula_1 is the root number and formula_2 is the last digit. Then formula_3 is the whole number.
If the whole number (formula_3) is divisible by 7, formula_5 is also a multiple of 7. And formula_6 is also a multiple 7. That proves formula_7 is divisible by seven, since 3 and 6 are both multiples of 3. So formula_8 is also divisible by 7.


8 (number)

The number eight is a natural number that comes after the number seven and before the number nine. In Roman numerals, it is VIII.

In mathematics, the number eight is an even number and a composite number. Eight is also a power of two, being 2 times itself 3 times.

Donatello

Donatello (born Donato di Niccolò di Betto Bardi, c. 1386 – 13 December 1466) was an Italian sculptor during the Renaissance. He lived in Florence. He worked in stone, bronze, wood, clay, and wax with several assistants. His reputation as a great artist was stated by Vasari, and has always stood well. He worked in Rome, Sienna and Padua as well as Florence, and worked for the Church, for Cosimo de' Medici, and for various city authorities.

He was born in Florence. He was the son of Niccolo di Betto Bardi. His mother's name is not known. When Donatello was older, he studied with Filippo Brunelleschi the architect. He also helped the sculptor Lorenzo Ghiberti to make statues for the Battistero di San Giovanni.

Donatello's work was inspired by ancient sculpture. He was the first sculptor of his time to celebrate the human body, an idea that had died out after Greek and Roman times. His life-size statue of David is his best-known work. The David is the first known free-standing nude statue made since antiquity. Much of his work was done for display in grand churches. Between 1415 and 1426, he made five statues for the Florence Cathedral, also known as the Duomo.

Donatello was a realist: an artist whose sculpture showed the subjects as real people. Naturalism and the showing of human feelings are his influences.


Sarah Bernhardt

Sarah Bernhardt (; born Henriette-Rosine Bernard; 22 or 23 October 1844 – 26 March 1923) was a French stage actress, and has often been called "the most famous actress in the history of the world". Bernhardt made her fame on the stages of Europe in the 1870s, and was soon working in Europe and the United States. She developed a reputation as a serious actress, getting the nickname "The Divine Sarah."

She was born in Paris as Marie Henriette Bernardt, the daughter of Julie Bernardt and a Dutch father. She added the letter "H" to her first and last name, and used the name of Edouard Bernardt, her mother's brother, as the name of her father. This was probably done to hide the fact that her father was unknown.

Bernhardt's career started in 1862, when she was a student at the Comédie-Française. She was not very successful there, and left to become a courtesan by 1865. She became famous in Europe in the 1870s, and was soon in demand all over Europe and in New York. She may have been the most famous actress of the 19th century. She coached many young women in the art of acting, including Liane de Pougy.

In 1905, while performing in Rio de Janeiro, Bernhardt hurt her right knee during the final scene when she jumped from a high wall. The leg never healed properly, showing signs of bruising. By 1915, gangrene had set in and her entire right leg was amputated, meaning she was in a wheelchair for several months. Nonetheless, she continued her career. She carried out a successful tour of America in 1915, and died on returning to France. On 26 March 1923, Bernhardt died of uremia following kidney failure. She is buried in Père Lachaise Cemetery in Paris. 

Sarah Bernhardt has a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame at 1751 Vine Street.




Kevin Rudd

Kevin Michael Rudd (born 21 September 1957) is a former Australian politician who was twice Prime Minister of Australia serving from 2007 to 2010 and again from 27 June 2013 to 18 September 2013. He also served as Prime Minister from 2007 to 2010. Rudd was the Australian Minister for Foreign Affairs from 14 September 2010 to 22 February 2012. He was member for Griffith in Brisbane from 1998 to 2013.

Rudd went to the Australian National University and studied International Studies. He learned to speak the Chinese language. He became a diplomat for the Australian government. He lived and worked in Sweden, and later in China. Rudd won a seat in Parliament in 1998. The Australian Labor party elected him the Leader of the Opposition in December 2006. After 11 years of the Liberal Party being in power, the Labor Party won the 2007 federal election. During the election Rudd talked a lot about work agreements (industrial relations laws) and global warming. As prime minister he signed the Kyoto Protocol and "apologised" to Aboriginal Australians for bad things done by the government long ago. He spoke about human rights in China in the Chinese language to Chinese students. Australia and China were doing lots of trade, but the Chinese government did not like this talk. He also supported the Afghanistan war and took Australian troops out of the Iraq conflict.

Rudd was Prime Minister at the beginning of the Global Financial Crisis. His government, with Wayne Swan as treasurer, spent a lot of money to try and keep the economy going. Australia did not have a recession, but management of this government spending started problems for Rudd. His government was seen as being unable to cope with and this started to affect Rudd's popularity.

Rudd planned a new tax on the huge profits being made mining companies in Australia. These companies and their leaders started a huge advertising campaign against the Labor government. He also decided to delay his election promises to do something about Global Warming. His leadership style was unpopular with many members of the Labor Party. members of parliament felt that they were not able to take part in making important decisions. They felt that Rudd left things until the last moment, and then acted quickly when things had almost became a crisis. With these things happening, the Labor Party decided that there had to be some changes. Realizing that he had lost support, Rudd resigned as leader of the Labor Party, and as Prime Minister. Julia Gillard was elected to the position of leader, and therefore prime minister. He was really sad. Gillard promised that Rudd would be made Foreign Minister if they won the 2010 election.

After the 2010 Election, Gillard chose Rudd to be Foreign Minister. In February 2012, Rudd decided that he should again be leader of the Labor Party. He said he could not work with Gillard because she did not trust him. He resigned as Foreign Minister, and said he would challenge Gillard for the leadership. The Labor Party held a meeting on 27 February 2012 and held a new vote for the leader's position. Rudd only received 31 votes while Gillard got 71 votes. Rudd returned to the backbench, and not have any positions of responsibility in the government until on 26 June 2013, Gillard announced another caucus ballot on the leadership. Rudd won it so he became the Leader of the Labor Party for a second time. On 27 June 2013, Rudd was sworn in as Prime Minister. Rudd is the first former Prime Minister to return to the office since Robert Menzies in 1949 and the second Labor Prime Minister to do so.

On 31 May 2012 Rudd became a grandfather when his daughter Jessica gave birth to a baby girl.

On 7 September 2013, Labor lost the 2013 election to the Coalition led by Tony Abbott.

On 13 November 2013, Rudd announced that he would be retiring from politics at end of week. His resignation took effect on 22 November 2013.


Hurley (stick)

A hurley(Irish: Camán), also known as a ‘hurl’, is a wooden stick measuring between 70 and 100 cm (26 to 40 inches) long with a flattened, curved end (called the "bas"), used to hit a "sliotar" (leather ball) in the Irish sport of hurling. It is also used in camogie, the female equivalent, and there often called a camogie stick. 

Hurleys are made from ash wood, and are usually bought from local craftsmen in Ireland, who still use traditional production methods. 

