No matter how well crafted the hurley is, a hurler may well expect to use several hurleys over the course of the hurling season. The hurleys often break if two collide in the course of a game, or occasionally they break off on the other players (arms, legs, etc.). Two hurleys colliding is colloquially known as "the clash of the ash." Throwing the hurley (e.g. to block a ball going high over one's head) is illegal, but camogie players may drop it to make a handpass.

Sliotar

A sliotar (or sliothar) is a hard solid sphere slightly larger than a tennis ball, consisting of a cork core covered by two pieces of leather stitched together. Sometimes called a "puck" or "hurling ball", it resembles an American baseball with more pronounced stitching. It is used in the Gaelic games of hurling, camogie, rounders and shinty.

Early sliotars used various materials, depending on the part of the country:


Camogie

Camogie (in Irish, "camógaíocht") is an Irish team sport, organised by the "Camogie Association of Ireland", the women's variant of hurling. The rules are almost identical to hurling with a few exceptions.

One is that goalkeepers wear the same colours as outfield players and a player in camogie can handpass a score, which is not allowed in the men's game. All games last 60 minutes (senior inter-county hurling games last 70), and dropping the camogie stick to handpass the ball is allowed. The All-Ireland Final is held every year in Croke Park during September, usually the week between the hurling final and Gaelic football final. There are two main competitions; the National League which is staged during the winter-spring months and is used as a warm-up to the All-Ireland Championships during the summer.

The reigning champions are Cork.

Camogie/hurling is unique in that it uses a different name for the version played by men and women. The reason is complicated: men play using a curved stick called in Irish a "camán". Women would use a shorter stick, called by the diminutive form "camóg". The suffix -"aíocht" was added to both words to give names for the sports: "camánaíocht" (which became "iománaíocht") and "camógaíocht". When the Gaelic Athletic Association was founded in 1884 the English-origin name "hurling" was given to the men's game. When an organisation for women was set up in 1904, it was decided to Anglicise the Irish name "camógaíocht" to "camogie".



Rounders

Rounders is a sport which originated in Great Britain and Ireland. The game is regulated by the "Gaelic Athletic Association" (GAA) in Ireland and the "National Rounders Association" (NRA) in the UK. Both have different, although broadly similar, game-play and culture. Competitions are held between teams from both traditions, often with one version being played in the morning and the other being played in the afternoon.

Game-play centers around innings where teams act at turns being batters and fielders. A maximum of nine players are allowed to play in fielding positions at one time. Points ("rounders") are scored by the batting team by completing a circuit around the field through four bases/posts without being put 'out' - for example, by a ball they batted being 'caught-out' or touching a tagged base/post.

The earliest nationally formalised rules of play were devised by the GAA in Ireland in 1884. 

Although it is generally considered a school game, rounders is played at international level as well. Currently, teams from Canada, England, Ireland, the Isle of Man, Scotland and Wales compete against each other. 
Some theories on the origin of baseball claim that baseball is based on rounders. Rounders is a sport played with a bat and ball when the ball is thrown to you the ball is meant to be hit with the bat.

Official rules of rounders:

Cricket (insect)

Crickets, family Gryllidae (also known as true crickets), are insects somewhat related to grasshoppers and more closely related to katydids or bush crickets (family Tettigoniidae). They have somewhat flattened bodies and long antennae. There are about 900 species of crickets. They tend to be nocturnal and are often confused with grasshoppers because they have a similar body structure including jumping hind legs.

Crickets are known for their chirp (which only male crickets can do; male wings have ridges or "teeth" that act like a "comb and file" instrument). The left forewing has a thick rib (a modified vein) which bears 50 to 300 "teeth". The chirp is made by raising their left forewing to a 45 degree angle and rubbing it against the upper hind edge of the right forewing, which has a thick scraper (Berenbaum 1995). This sound producing action is called "stridulation" and the song is species-specific. There are two types of cricket songs: a calling song and a courting song. The calling song attracts females and repels other males, and is fairly loud.

Night-time in the Jurassic included the sound of chirping bush crickets. This is according to scientists who have reconstructed the song of a cricket that chirped 165 million years ago. "A remarkably complete fossil of the prehistoric insect enabled the team to see the structures in its wings that rubbed together to make the sound".


Rounders (movie)

Rounders is a 1998 movie about the underground world of high-stakes poker. The movie was directed by John Dahl and starred Matt Damon and Edward Norton. It follows two friends who need to quickly earn enough cash playing poker to pay off a huge debt. The term “rounder” refers to a person whose sole means of earning a living is by playing cards.

The movie opened to mixed reviews and only made a modest amount of money. However, with the growing popularity of Texas hold 'em and other poker games, "Rounders" has become a cult hit.



Gaelic Athletic Association

The Gaelic Athletic Association (GAA) (Irish: "Cumann Lúthchleas Gael") is an organisation which is mostly focused on promoting Gaelic Games - traditional Irish sports, such as hurling, camogie, Gaelic football, handball, and rounders. The organisation also promotes Irish music and dance, and the Irish language. It is the largest and most popular organisation in Ireland with some 800,000 members out of the island's population of almost 6 million.

Gaelic football and Hurling are the main and most popular activities promoted by the organisation.

Gaelic football is a contact sport that combines the skills of soccer, basketball, and some of the skills of volleyball in a high-scoring game in which players punch or kick the ball over the crossbar for one point, or kick the ball into a net on the bottom for three points. The game also has similarities with Australian Rules Football (see below).

Hurling is a stick-and-ball game that combines many of the skills of field hockey, lacrosse, and baseball but pre-dates all three. Players can catch the ball and use a hurley (Irish: "camán") to hit a ball (sliotar) between the goalposts using the same scoring system as in Gaelic football and on the same size of field. It is not to be confused with the Scottish game of shinty.



Gaelic Games

Gaelic games are the traditional sports played in Ireland. The two main Gaelic games are Gaelic football and hurling. Both are organised by the Gaelic Athletic Association (GAA). Other games organised by the association include camogie, rounders, Gaelic handball. During the late 19th century 21, Gaelic games in Ireland were dying out. This decline was stopped by the GAA and the Irish national Gaelic Revival. Today they are the most popular games in Ireland.

Gaelic football is the most popular of the gaelic games and is played by teams of 15 on a rectangular grass pitch with H-shaped goals at each end. The object is to score by driving the ball through the goals. The team with the highest score at the end of the match wins. It combines the skills of soccer and basketball in a fast-paced, high-scoring contact sport.

A slightly different rule set is used for women's Gaelic football (officially called "ladies' Gaelic football"). The women's game also uses 15-player teams and H-shaped goals, but allows less physical contact.

Hurling is a stick-and-ball game played by teams of 15 on a rectangular grass pitch with H-shaped goals at each end. The primary object is to score by driving the ball through the goals. The team with the highest score at the end of the match wins. It is over three thousand years old, and is said to be the world's fastest field game, combining skills from lacrosse, field hockey, and baseball in a hard-hitting, highly skilled game.

Camogie is a game almost identical to hurling, but played only by women. Like hurling, it is a stick-and-ball game played by teams of 15, with the pitch and goals the same as those in hurling. Other rules are almost the same between the two sports, but camogie does not allow as much physical contact.

Rounders is a bat and ball game which is played in Ireland; a similar version is played in England. Rounders is the least popular of the GAA gaelic games and is organised by a sub division of the GAA known as the Rounders Council of Ireland. It is similar to baseball.

Gaelic handball is a game where two players use their hands to return a ball against a wall. The game is similar to American handball; Gaelic handballers play against their US counterparts.

Other Gaelic Games such as gaelic athletics have nearly or completely died out. Pastimes such as Road bowling, a sport played in Ireland for a long time, could be considered Gaelic games.


Gaelic handball

Gaelic handball is a game where two players use their hands to return a ball against a wall. The game is similar to American handball; Gaelic handballers play against their US counterparts.


American handball

American (or court) handball, usually referred to simply as handball, is an American form of fives played against one or more walls. 

It is a common belief that "American handball" was brought to the United States in the 1880s by Irish immigrants. The Gaelic handball sport was played since the 15th century in Ireland and Scotland.

American handball is played on a court 12.2 meters long by 6.1 meters wide (40 feet long by 20 feet wide) with either a single (front) wall, three walls, or in a fully enclosed four-wall court (the most common). The four-wall court is a rectangular box. The front wall is 6.1 meters (20 feet) square, and the side walls are 12.2 meters (40 feet) long and 6.1 meters (20 feet) high. In the middle of the floor of the court lies the short line, that divides the floor into two 6.1 meter (20 feet) squares. Also along the floor is the service line, which is 1.5 meters (5 feet) in front of the short line. The service zone is the area between these two lines. The back wall of the court is usually 3.7 meters (12 feet) high, with an above gallery for the referee and scorer, and also spectators. A few courts have a glass back wall and/or glass side walls to allow for a better view of the match. (In three-wall court handball, the court often has a front wall and two full side walls, or the front wall is flanked by two triangular wings.) 




Fives

Fives is a British sport believed to come from the same origins as many racket sports. In fives, a ball is propelled against the walls of a special court using gloved or bare hands as though they were a racquet. 

The name may be derived from the slang expression "a bunch of fives" (meaning a fist). The game has also been known as hand-tennis and historically was often played between the buttresses of church buildings in England. There are links between Fives and the Irish and North American handball games and indeed, in recent years, British clubs have begun to establish ties with clubs in those countries.

Fives is not the same as Long Fives, which is played in a real tennis court.

There are two main forms of the game Rugby Fives and Eton Fives. 
Eton Fives is played competitively as a doubles game, whilst Rugby Fives is played as both a singles and a doubles game. 


Miami Heat

The Miami Heat are an American professional basketball team in the National Basketball Association (NBA) in Miami, Florida. It was started in 1988. They play their home games at the Kaseya Center and won three championships in 2006, 2012, and 2013. Led by Dwyane Wade and Shaquille O'Neal, they won the 2006 NBA Finals where they defeated the Dallas Mavericks 4 games to 2 after trailing two games to zero. Wade was the Finals MVP. During the 2010 off-season, the Heat acquired LeBron James and Chris Bosh from the Cleveland Cavaliers and Toronto Raptors, respectively to team up with 2003 fellow draftee Wade, making the Heat favorites to win multiple championships. With a "Big Three" of Wade, LeBron, and Bosh, Miami reached four consecutive Finals from 2011–2014. Miami met Dallas again in the Finals in 2011 with the Mavericks winning the rematch 4 games to 2. The Heat won again in the 2012 NBA Finals where they defeated the Oklahoma City Thunder 4 games to 1. LeBron was the Finals MVP for the first time in his career. They also defeated the San Antonio Spurs in 2013 Finals 4 games to 3, handing the Spurs their first-ever Finals loss. LeBron was the Finals MVP for the second straight year. In the 2014 Finals, the Heat were attempting a three-peat and once again faced the Spurs, with the Spurs winning in five games. After four years with the Heat, LeBron returned to the Cavaliers. The Heat returned to the Finals in 2020, losing to the Los Angeles Lakers (led by former Heat player James) in six games. Three years later, the Heat made their seventh Finals appearance, this time against the Denver Nuggets, losing in five games.

Buttress

A buttress is a structure placed against the walls of a building to give it more support, or to help it to hold the roofs. Buttresses are common in ancient buildings, especially in Europe. A buttress can be an inside or outside support.

Real tennis

Real tennis is the original racket sport from which the modern game of lawn tennis, or tennis, developed. It is also known as "jeu de paume" in France and as "court tennis" in some parts of United States.

Real tennis is still played at a small number of active courts in the United Kingdom, Australia, the United States, and France. The sport is supported and governed by 
organizations around the world.



Jeu de paume

Jeu de paume was originally a French game similar to lawn tennis, but played without racquets. The players hit the ball with their hands as in volleyball. "Jeu de paume" literally means: game of palm (of the hand). After some time gloves replaced bare hands. But even when bats, and finally racquets, became standard equipment for the game, the name did not change. It became known as "tennis" in English (see History of tennis), and later "real tennis" after lawn tennis became more popular than the parent game.

Some important buildings in France are known by the name "jeu de paume", in general because they are near to tennis courts or to sites on which courts once stood. Several works of art also bear this name, including the famous "serment du jeu de paume" ('the Tennis Court Oath') in the Palace of Versailles. It depicts the formal announcement of the French revolution made in the Royal Tennis Court there on 20 June, 1789.



Palace of Versailles

The Palace of Versailles, or simply Versailles, is a royal castle in Versailles, France.

In French, it is often called the Château de Versailles. When the castle was built, Versailles was a country village, but it is now a suburb of Paris.

From 1682, when King Louis XIV moved from Paris and lived in this palace, until the royal family was forced to return to the capital in 1789, the Court of Versailles was the centre of power in the Ancien Régime. Versailles is therefore famous not only as a building, but as a symbol of absolute monarchy.




Château

A (plural "") is a manor house or castle of the lord of the manor or a country house of nobility or gentry.

The term comes from French-speaking regions and is used most often for buildings in these regions. Where clarification is needed, a fortified château (that is, a castle) is called a "château fort". But the word is not used in the same way as "castle" is in English, and most châteaux are more appropriately described as "palaces" or "country houses" in English than as "castles". For example, the Château de Versailles is so called because it was in the country when it was built, but it does not bear any resemblance to a castle, so it is usually known in English as the Palace of Versailles.The Château de Montsoreau is the first Renaissance château to have been built in France, in the world famous Loire Valley. The Château de Montsoreau is also the only one to have been built in the Loire riverbed.


Château (disambiguation)

Château may refer to:




Positron

A positron (also called an antielectron) is the antimatter version of an electron. It has the same mass and spin as an electron. However, it has a positive electric charge, whereas an electron has a negative charge. Like all antimatter, when it meets its so-called counterpartner, each are annihilated and turned into energy. The electron and positron disappear, and the total mass decreases. There is no name for this type of energy, as it is neither mechanical, radiation, chemical, electrical, nuclear, nor thermal. Although the energy does emit light photons when annihilated, it is converted from some form of energy that has not been named.

A positron also very rarely makes a structure called positronium. Positronium is like an atom in many ways, but is very unstable, and usually quickly annihilates.


Basque pelota

Basque pelota called Pelota in Spanish, pilota in Basque and Catalan, or pelote in French is the name for several sports played with a ball using one's hand, a racket, a wooden bat or a basket, against a wall or with two teams face to face separated by a line on the ground or a net. Their roots can be traced to the Greek and other ancient cultures, but in Europe they all come from real tennis (see "Jeu de paume"). Today, Basque Pelota is played in several countries: in Spain and France, specially in the Basque Country and its neighbour areas and in Latin American countries like Argentina, Chile, Uruguay, Cuba and some parts of the United States.

The International Federation of Basque Pelota has made rules for the 14 different sorts of pelota. Two are for both women and men, and 12 just for men. 

People bet on the results of the games.

The players are called pelotari.



Pump-jet

A pump-jet or water jet is a marine system that creates a jet of water for propulsion. The mechanical arrangement may be a propeller with nozzle, or a centrifugal pump and nozzle.

Pump jets have some advantages over bare propellers for certain applications, usually related to requirements for high-speed. 


Propulsor

A propulsor is a mechanical device that gives propulsion. The pump-jet is an example.

Valencian language

Valencian ("valencià") is the historical, traditional, and official name used in the Valencian Community (Spain) for the language spoken in this region, also known as Catalan ("català") in the Spanish Autonomous Communities of Catalonia, Aragon and the Balearic Islands; in the country of Andorra; in the southern French region of the Roussillon; and in the Italian city of Alghero on the island of Sardinia.

In linguistics "Valencian" is also used to identify this distinctive variant spoken in central and southern Valencia which has gained its own currency within the Catalan domain.

The official authorities, which are the government of the Valencian Community and the Acadèmia Valenciana de la Llengua, accept Valencian as a dialect of Catalan. The Real Acadèmia de Cultura Valenciana and several associations disbelieve this opinion . They believe Valencian is a language in its own. They also accuse the official authorities of mixing Valencian with Catalan. This is done by approaching the Valencian ortography and grammar to the Catalan one.

Valencian pilota

"Pilota Valenciana" or Valencian pilota ("pilota" means "ball" in Valencian) is a traditional handball sport played in the Valencian Community. Its origins are not known, but seems to be related to the French Jeu de paume.

Rules vary from area to area but the common trait is that the ball is struck with a bare, or almost bare, hand (only some minimal protection is applied in some versions of the sport). The general rule involves two teams made from two up to five players each (the numbers depend on the particular version played).

The second characteristic is that it is not played against a wall. Instead, similarly to modern tennis, two individuals or teams are placed face to face separated either by a line on the ground or a net. 
A distinctive trait of Valencian pilota is that the spectators are often seated or standing very close to the court which means that they may be impacted by the ball and thus become an (unwilling) part of the game.

Valencian pilota origins are not known with certainty, but it's commonly supposed to be a variant from the middle-aged Jeu de paume, as many other European handball sports (Basque "laxoa", French Longue paume, Frisian handball and Italian Pallone) similar to the actual Valencian llargues variant.

"Jeu de paume" is documented at Paris in 1292 since there were 13 ball workshops and many "tripots" (courtfields), it was first played with the hands, and the scoring system was very similar to the current Valencian one. There were so many resemblances with the "Valencian pilota" sport that, in the 16th century Joan Lluís Vives compared both games in his "Dialogues" and claimed them to be exactly the same despite some minor differences.



Trapezoid

In geometry, A trapezoid (in North America) or trapezium (in Britain and elsewhere) is a quadrilateral, which is defined as a shape with four sides. This shape has two parallel sides which are called the "bases" of the trapezoid, and another two sides called its "legs". In North America, the term "trapezium" is used for what is elsewhere called an irregular quadrilateral, which has no parallel sides.

Some trapezoids are special cases where they have at least one noteworthy feature:


To calculate the area of a trapezoid, you must add the two parallel sides together, divide that by 2, then times that by its height.


Frisian handball

Frisian handball ("Dutch: kaatsen, Frisian: Keatsen") is a traditional Frisian sport, related to American handball and fives, that is most commonly practiced by people from the northern province of Fryslân, or Friesland. It is believed to be one of the oldest ballgames. The score is similar to tennis. The first team that scores six games, wins the match. It is played by the ethnic group of the Frisians.

In parts of Belgium, a similar game is played, there called "Jeu de Pelote". This game is played by teams of 5 players on a trapezium shaped field, mostly on marketplaces.


Gaelic football

Gaelic Football (Irish: "Peil", "Peil Ghaelach" or "Caid" ), commonly referred to as "football", or "Gaelic", is a form of football played mainly in Ireland. It, along with Hurling, is the most popular spectator sport in Ireland.

Gaelic football is played by teams of 15 on a rectangular grass pitch with H-shaped goals at each end. The object is to score by kicking/striking the ball with your hand and getting it through the goals. The team with the highest score at the end of the match wins.

Players advance the ball up the field with a combination of carrying, "soloing" (dropping and then toe-kicking the ball upward into the hands), kicking, and hand-passing to their team-mates.

Gaelic football is one of four Gaelic Games run by the Gaelic Athletic Association, the largest sporting organization in Ireland. It has strict rules on player amateurism. The game is believed to have come from ancient Irish football known as caid which dates back to 1537, although the modern game took shape in 1887.

The grass pitch is rectangular, stretching 130–145 metres long and 80–90 metres wide. There are H-shaped goalposts at each end with a net on the bottom section. The same pitch is used for hurling; the GAA, which organizes both sports, decided this to facilitate dual usage. Lines are marked at distances of 13m, 20m and 45m from each end-line. Shorter pitches and smaller goals are used by under-12s and under 10s.

All Gaelic football matches last for 60 minutes, divided into two halves of thirty minutes, with the exception of senior inter-county games which last for 70 minutes (two halves of 35 minutes). Draws are decided by replays or by playing 20 minutes of extra time (two halves of 10 minutes) or elas in a penalties shoot out.

Teams consist of fifteen players (a goalkeeper, two corner backs, a full back, three half backs, two mid fielders, three half forwards, two corner forwards and a full forward) plus up to fifteen substitutes, of which five may be used. Each player is numbered 1–15, starting with the goalkeeper, who must wear a different coloured jersey.

The game is played with a round leather football, similar to a soccer ball, but heavier, and with horizontal stitching rather than the hexagon and pentagon panels often used on soccer balls, and similar to a standard volleyball.


Caid (sport)

Caid was the name given to several ancient and traditional Irish football games. "Caid" is now used by some people for modern Gaelic football.

The word "caid" originally meant the ball which was used. It was made out of animal skin, with a natural bladder inside.

Some people believe that "caid" has influenced the modern sport of Gaelic football the rules of which were officially published in 1887.

The first recorded mention of football in Ireland was in 1308, when John McCrocan, a spectator at a football game was charged with accidentally stabbing a player named William Bernard. Football games are mentioned in the "Statute of Galway", 1527, which allowed the playing of football and archery, but banned ""hokie" – the hurling of a little ball with sticks or staves", as well as other sports. 
"Caid" was especially popular in rural areas.

There is some evidence that "caid" was taken around the world by the Irish diaspora, and that it may have influenced the development of Australian rules football, although this is controversial.

By the late 19th century, "caid", like many aspects of native Irish culture, was in steep decline.

Longue paume

Longue paume is an outdoor version of jeu de paume and therefore an ancestor of modern lawn tennis. Hundreds of years ago it was quite popular, particularly in France. It was part of the Paris 1900 Summer Olympics, but not all think that the medals that were awarded for longue paume at that Olympics have full value. Today, the sport is played regionally in Picardie. The governing body of the sport is the "Fédération Française de Longue Paume" with its headquarter in Amiens.


Pallone

Pallone (Italian for an inflated ball, similar to the word "balloon") is the name of several traditional ball games, played in various regions of Italy, with minimal differences in regulations.

"Pallone col bracciale" was particularly popular throughout Italy in the 18th century then in 19th century and 20th century until 1930 was the most popular sport of ancient Italian national sports; its first official regulations date back to 1555. The "pallone col bracciale" players are called "pallonisti" and during 19th century Italian professional pallonisti were richest and best rewarded sportsmen of all the world. This sport and his champions were described by Johann Wolfgang von Goethe, Giacomo Leopardi, Edmondo de Amicis, Antonio Francesco Grazzini, Ottavio Rinuccini, Gabriello Chiabrera, Tommaso Grossi, Giuseppe Gioachino Belli. Where Angels Fear to Tread (1991) includes a brief film depiction of this game.

Balls are struck back and forth with a wooden cylinder, called "bracciale", worn over the forearm, if carelessly played, a broken arm can result: in fact bracciale weighs 2 or 1 kilogram. Originally the ball of 934 grams was inflated, but now hard rubber ball of 350 grams is used. Scoring is by fifteens, as in tennis and the team which wins 12 games is final winner of the match. A special feature is that the ball is put into play by a designated server, who otherwise is not part of the game. The receivers can reject serves at will. Pallone is played on courts marked out on town streets. Registered players of official championships dispute their matches in a kind of stadium named "sferisterio" or "sferodromo" in Italian language. Nowadays they play two forms of this sport: 3 players a side with lateral wall and 4 players a side in open playing field without lateral wall.

Celebrated former professional champions include:

"Pallapugno", one time named "pallone elastico", is a game from Piedmont and Liguria and it is played with a bandaged fist; rubber ball has diameter of 10,5 
centimetres and weighs 190 grams. Scoring is also by fifteens, but in this version a second bounce can result in a "chase" rather than an outright point, similar to real tennis. Every team has 4 players and the team which wins 11 games is final winner of the match. Professional players dispute their matches in sferisterio 90 metres long and 18 metres large with lateral wall. Professional Italian pallapugno league is top level of competitions: in 2008 10 teams competed.

This sport is played in various nations and they dispute a world championship.

"Pallapugno leggera" is played in courtfield which has same size of volleyball's courtfield without net (device). Each team has 4 players with 2 reserve players. A match consisted of one set or three sets.

"Pantalera" or "pallapugno alla pantalera" is generally played on the urban streets. First action of every match consisted of shot pushing up the ball for rebound on a roof called pantalera in Piedmontese language. Other rules are the same of pallapugno.

"Pallonetto" or "pallonetto ligure al lungo" is generally played on the urban streets with tennis balls without covering felt. Playing field is long between 60 and 90 metres and it's large 18 metres with or without lateral wall. Players push the ball using one bandaged hand.





Palla

Palla, Italian language for ball, is the name of various traditional ball games of Italy. In Italian they also call "pallacanestro" for basketball, "pallavolo" for volleyball, "pallamano" for handball and "pallanuoto" for water polo.

"Palla eh!" is an old Tuscan ball game from Maremma towns between Siena and Grosseto. It has this name because players call out "eh!" before serving.

Small hand-made balls contain a lead pellet wrapped in rubber and wool with a leather cover. The game is played by facing teams who strike, not catch, the ball with either a bare or gloved hand: every team include 3, 4 or 5 athletes. Courts are marked out with painted lines on town streets, but there is no net, and players can move between sides. Adjacent buildings, objects, and sometimes spectators, are considered "in play." Play does stop for oncoming automobiles. Similar to real tennis, a second bounce can result in a "chase" rather than an outright point, marked in chalk where the ball stops rolling. In one version of palla, scoring is identical to that of tennis: 15-30-40-game.

In a variant called "palla 21" scoring is 7-14-21 or game. In this form they use a rubber or plastic ball of 35-40 grams. Firstly a palla 21 tournament was played in Chicago during 2007 with Italian national team.
"Palla elastica" is a team game: every team include 5 athletes who catch a rubber ball, similar to tennis ball, with either a bare hand. The team which wins 11 games is final winner of the match: each game consists of 4 points. Registered players of official championships dispute their matches in a kind of stadium, 75 metres long with lateral wall, named "sferisterio" or "sferodromo" in Italian language.

"Pallamuro" is Italian name of American handball.

"Palla prigioniera" is Italian name of prisoner ball.

"Pallacorda" or "palla della corda" is the Italian name of ancient form of real tennis where a cord of rope was strung across the street and players used hands, racket or tamburello alias "tambourine" in English language. Pisa, Prato, Rome, Siena, and various Tuscan towns still have streets named "via Pallacorda" or "via Della Corda".

"Pallamaglio" is an other ancient game called pall mall in English language and his modern form named skittles is played in England, Germany, Austria and Switzerland currently.

"Pallina" means "small ball" and it is a team game: every team include 4, 5 or 6 athletes who catch a rubber ball, of almost 50 grams, with either a bare hand.



Pellet

Pellet is a term used for a small particle or grain, typically one created by compressing an original material. The term is used in a variety of specific contexts.


Storm history of Hurricane Katrina

The storm history of Hurricane Katrina started on August 23, 2005. Hurricane Katrina was a highly destructive Category 5 hurricane which formed as Tropical Depression Twelve near the Bahamas. The next day, the tropical depression strengthened to a tropical storm, and was named "Katrina". Katrina continued on to make landfall on the southern part of the U.S. state of Florida as a Category 1 hurricane.

While passing across Florida, Katrina weakened to a tropical storm. However, the warm waters of the Gulf of Mexico allowed it to rapidly intensify to the sixth strongest Atlantic hurricane in recorded history. Afterwards, Katrina made landfall as a Category 3 hurricane near Buras-Triumph, Louisiana, and once more near the Mississippi/Louisiana border. Katrina did not stop going northward through the central United States and finally dissipated near the Great Lakes, where it was absorbed by a cold front.

Tropical Depression Twelve formed over the southeastern Bahamas at 5:00 p.m. EDT (2100 UTC) on August 23, 2005. Some of the tropical depression was from the remains of Tropical Depression Ten, which had dissipated from the effects of a nearby upper tropospheric trough. 

As the atmospheric conditions surrounding Tropical Depression Twelve were good for tropical development, the system began to strengthen, was upgraded to Tropical Storm status and given the name "Katrina" on the morning of August 24. A burst of convection allowed Katrina to become the fifth hurricane of the 2005 season on August 25, only two hours before it made landfall around 6:30 p.m. EST (2230 UTC) between Hallandale Beach and Aventura, Florida.

Katrina struck the peninsula at a high speed with 80 mph (130 km/h) winds, and had a well-defined eye on Doppler weather radar, which stayed undisturbed throughout its passage over Florida. The storm weakened over land on August 26 to a tropical storm, but regained its strength as a hurricane at 2:00 a.m. EDT (0600 UTC), about one hour after making landfall in Florida. Parts of the Florida Keys experienced tropical storm force winds throughout August 26, with the Dry Tortugas briefly experiencing hurricane-force winds.

Katrina continued a westerly and west-southwesterly track, which forecast Katrina to move westward into New Orleans.

Right after the storm entered the Gulf of Mexico, the low wind shear, good upper-level outflow, and the warm sea surface temperatures of the Gulf Loop Current caused Katrina to intensify rapidly. On August 27, the storm was upgraded to Category 3 strength, becoming the third major hurricane of the season. An eyewall replacement cycle inhibited strengthening of its maximum winds for about 18 hours, but nearly doubled the size of the storm as a result. The storm then began a second period of rapid intensification starting at 7:00 p.m. CDT on August 27, and by 12:40 a.m. CDT on August 28, Katrina was upgraded to a Category 4 hurricane with maximum sustained winds of 145 mph (233 km/h). It became a Category 5 storm by 7:00 a.m. CDT, twelve hours after the beginning of the second round of rapid intensification, and reached its peak intensity at 1:00 p.m. CDT with maximum sustained winds of 175 mph (280 km/h), gusts of 215 mph (344 km/h) and a central pressure of 902 mbar (26.64 inHg). The minimum pressure made Katrina, at the time, the fourth most intense Atlantic hurricane on record. As the hurricane came closer to New Orleans, the Weather Forecast Office in Slidell, Louisiana gave out two strongly-worded warnings of the storm's danger.

By the afternoon of August 28, the storm was large enough that some areas of the Gulf Coast were already experiencing tropical storm-force winds. The center of Katrina was about 180 statute miles (290 km) from the mouth of the Mississippi River, but tropical storm-force winds extended 230 mi (370 km) from the center of the storm, and hurricane-force winds extended about 105 miles (170 km) away.

Overnight on August 29, and into the morning of the next day, Katrina quickly weakened (in terms of maximum sustained winds) as it began to enter another eyewall replacement cycle. The inner eyewall disappeared before an outer eyewall had fully formed, which was one of the reasons of its rapid weakening. In 18 hours, the hurricane's maximum sustained winds decreased from 170 mph (280 km/h) to 125 mph (205 km/h). However, storm surges remained high at landfall because large waves greater than 30 feet (9.1 m) in height were generated beforehand (with a buoy recording a 55 ft/16.7 m wave at sea), when Katrina was at Categories 4 and 5 on the Saffir-Simpson Hurricane Scale. The waves then combined with the storm surge of the large Category 3 hurricane.

Katrina made its second landfall at 6:10 a.m. CDT on August 29 as a Category 3 hurricane with winds of 125 mph (205 km/h) near Buras-Triumph, Louisiana. Because Katrina had just weakened from Category 4 strength, and also because of the shape of the coastline, Category 4-force winds are believed to have existed on land while the eye was over water. Hurricane-force winds were recorded 120 miles (190 km) from the center. The storm's central pressure was 920 mbar (27.17 inHg), and its forward speed was 15 mph (10 km/h). As it made its way up the eastern Louisiana coastline, most communities in Plaquemines, St. Bernard Parish, and Slidell in St. Tammany Parish were severely damaged by storm surge and the strong winds of the eyewall, which also went over eastern New Orleans, creating $1 billion worth of damage to the city from intense flooding and wind damage.

The storm weakened just before landfall to Category 3 intensity. This follows the trend of previous strong cyclones in the Gulf of Mexico: all cyclones with minimum central pressures of 973 mbar (28.73 inHg) or less have weakened over the 12 hours before making landfall in the Gulf Coast of the United States.

A few hours later, after weakening slightly, Katrina made its third landfall near the Louisiana-Mississippi border with 120 mph (195 km/h) sustained winds and 928 mbar (27.37 inHg) pressure, still at Category 3 intensity. Its minimum pressure at its second landfall was 920 mbar (27.17 inHg), making Katrina the third strongest hurricane on record to make landfall on the United States, behind Hurricane Camille's 909 mbar (26.85 inHg) reading in 1969, and the 1935 Labor Day Hurricane's 892 mbar (26.35 inHg) record.

Because the storm was so large, its highly destructive eye-wall winds and the strong northeastern quadrant of the storm pushed record storm surges onshore, smashing all of the Mississippi Gulf Coast, including towns in Mississippi such as Waveland, Bay St. Louis, Pass Christian, Long Beach, Gulfport, Biloxi, Ocean Springs, Gautier and Pascagoula, and, in Alabama, Bayou La Batre. The surges at its peak were at 28 feet (8.5 m) in Bay St. Louis, Mississippi, and at 13 feet (4.0 m) as far away as Mobile, Alabama, which saw its highest storm surge since 1917. Storm surge was particularly high due to the hydrology of the region, the hurricane's extreme size, and the fact that it weakened only shortly before landfall. As Katrina moved inland diagonally over Mississippi, high winds cut a swath of damage that affected almost the entire state.
Katrina stayed at hurricane strength in Mississippi, but it soon weakened. It lost hurricane strength more than 150 miles (240 km) inland, near Meridian, Mississippi. Katrina was then lowered into a tropical depression near Clarksville, Tennessee and broke in half. One half of the storm continued to race northward, affecting the Central United States, and it was last noticeable in the eastern Great Lakes region. On August 31, it was absorbed by a frontal boundary and became a powerful extratropical low, causing 1.97–6.69 inches (50–170 mm) of rain in 12 hours. It also caused gale-force wind gusts from 31 to 61 mph (50 to 98 km/h) in southeastern Quebec and northern New Brunswick. In the region of Saguenay and Côte-Nord, rain caused breakdowns and failure in roads. The Côte-Nord region was isolated from the rest of Quebec for at least 1 week. However, the other half of Katrina broke off in the eastern part of the Appalachians, which caused a major tornado outbreak in the area from central Georgia to central Pennsylvania. The tornadoes were strong, killing two people and creating heavy damage.

At 11:00 p.m. EDT on August 31, the center of the remaining storm that was once Katrina was absorbed by another weather system in southeastern Canada.



Troposphere

The troposphere is the lowest layer of the Earth’s atmosphere. It extents up to 20 kilometers above the earth’s surface. It contains 75% of the atmosphere's mass and 99% of the total mass of water vapor and aerosols. This layer is rich in oxygen. The temperature drops from an average around 62°F (17°C) to -60°F (-51°C) at the troposphere. 

The transitional area between the troposphere and stratosphere is called the tropopause. The troposphere is made up of approximately 78% nitrogen, 21% oxygen, and 1% other gases, which include carbon dioxide, methane, neon, krypton, argon, helium, and hydrogen. The air in the troposphere is warmest closest to the earth and colder at higher elevations. Most of the dust particles in the earth's atmosphere are found in the troposphere.


Rapid deepening

Rapid deepening is a condition that happens when the minimum sea-level atmospheric pressure of a tropical cyclone goes down at lot very quickly. The National Weather Service describes rapid deepening as a decrease of 42 millibars in less than 24 hours. However, this phrase is usually applied to most storms that are quickly becoming stronger.

Doppler radar

Doppler radar uses the Doppler effect to measure the speed (radial velocity) of targets. Radial velocity is how fast the target is coming towards, or going away from, the radar. The Doppler effect will shift the received frequency up or down, based on the radial velocity of a target in the beam. This gives a direct and highly accurate measurement of target velocity, but only the radial velocity. Doppler radar by itself doesn't measure the azimuthal velocity (how fast it is going in other directions). 

Doppler radars may be Coherent Pulsed, Continuous Wave, or Frequency Modulated.

Horseshoe crab

The horseshoe crab or king crab is a benthic or bottom-dwelling creature. It is not a crab at all, but a relative of the arachnids. Its main habitats are coastal areas and river estuaries.

"Limulus polyphemus" is the best-known of the four species.

On its dome-shaped carapace, the horseshoe crab has four small eyes. It has two compound eyes at the sides of the carapace, and two simple eyes on the front.

A horseshoe crab has twelve legs: five pairs of walking legs and a set of tiny pincers. The long, spiky tail is not used as a weapon or for defense; instead, it is just used for steering and flipping the body over if it gets turned upside down.

Atlantic horseshoe crabs, "Limulus polyphemus", can be found all over the eastern coast of North America and Mexico. Buried under mud or sand, they eat small clams, crustaceans, and worms. All over the coast, you will find their shells washed up on shore. Some of these shells are quite big, as the horseshoe crab can grow up to two feet long and a foot wide. Horseshoe crabs go through moults to reach that size.

The horseshoe crab population ranges from the Yucatán Peninsula to northern Maine, but they are most commonly found in the mid-Atlantic region between Virginia and New Jersey. Each major estuary along the coast has its own horseshoe crab population, distinguished from one another by size, colour and eye pigment. The females lay about 100,000 eggs.

The other three species are also called horseshoe crabs. The Japanese horseshoe crab ("Tachypleus tridentatus") is found in the Seto Inland Sea, and is considered an endangered species because of loss of habitat. Two other species occur along the east coast of India: "Tachypleus gigas" and "Carcinoscorpius rotundicauda". All four are quite similar in form and behavior.

Horseshoe crabs may be threatened by Asian overconsumption and by their use by pharmaceutical companies. The tri-spine horseshoe crab, was listed as endangered by the International Union for Conservation of Nature in 2019. In 2023 BNP Paribas wrote to 14 of the world’s largest pharmaceutical companies asking them to use a cloned substance called recombinant factor C instead of blood from horseshoe crabs for tests. The Pharmaceutical Supply Chain Initiative, a lobby group set up by large pharmaceutical companies said its members should stop sourcing blood from the two Asian horseshoe crab species most at risk.

The horseshoe crab has an effective immune system. Its brackish maritime environment is a perfect home for bacteria. 
The blood of horseshoe crabs contains an enzyme that causes very rapid clotting in response to the presence of infectious bacteria. This response is used by medical and pharmaceutical companies to detect those kinds of bacteria in products, before the products are sold.

Horseshoe crabs are relatives of the Eurypterids (sea scorpions), whose first fossils appeared at the same time. They are quite ancient. They were definitely present in the early Ordovician, 450 million years ago, in a Burgess Shale-type environment. Their body shape has not changed much since then, though fossils in this group are scarce. The Atlantic horseshoe crab itself has no fossil record at all, and the genus "Limulus" goes back only some 20 million years, not 200 million.

The order they belong to, the Xiphosura, are basal to a clade of the Eurypterida and the Arachnida. It is estimated that the Xiphosura diverged from the Arachnida 480 million years ago.

Because they are famous as so-called "living fossils", the evolutionary record and the genetics of the horsehoe crabs have been studied with interest.

Atlantic hurricane

An Atlantic hurricane is a tropical cyclone that forms in the Atlantic Ocean, usually in the Northern Hemisphere during the summer or autumn, with one-minute maximum sustained winds of at least 74 mph (64 knots, 33 m/s, 119 km/h). When applied to hurricanes, "Atlantic" generally refers to the entire "Atlantic basin", which includes the North Atlantic Ocean, Caribbean Sea and the Gulf of Mexico.

Most Atlantic tropical storms and hurricanes form between June 1 and November 30. The United States National Hurricane Center monitors the basin and gives out reports, watches and warnings about tropical weather systems for the Atlantic Basin as one of the Regional Specialized Meteorological Centers for tropical cyclones as defined by the World Meteorological Organization.

Tropical disturbances that reach tropical storm intensity are named from a pre-determined list. On average, 10.1 named storms form each season, with an average of 5.9 becoming hurricanes and 2.5 becoming major hurricanes (Category 3 or greater). The climatological peak of activity is around September 10 every season. Hurricane Wilma of 2005 was the most powerful hurricane ever recorded in history.


Buras-Triumph, Louisiana

Buras-Triumph is an unincorporated community in Plaquemines Parish, Louisiana, United States.
The population was 3,358 at the 2000 census. On the peninsula, Buras is higher, with Triumph southeast of Buras.

Buras-Triumph has become famous as the location where, on August 29, 2005, at 6:10 AM CDT, the eye of Hurricane Katrina made its strongest landfall. However, the storm surge and high winds began on the previous day, August 28, 2005. During those 2 days, the area was destroyed as a result.

Dry Tortugas

The Dry Tortugas are a small group of islands. They are at the end of the Florida Keys, United States. They are about west of Key West, and west of the Marquesas Keys, at , the closest islands. Still farther west is the Tortugas Bank, which is now underwater. The islands were discovered in 1513 by Spanish explorer Juan Ponce de León. They are an unincorporated area of Monroe County, Florida and belong to the Lower Keys Census County Division. With their surrounding waters they make up the Dry Tortugas National Park.


Aventura, Florida

Aventura is a city found in the northeastern part of Miami-Dade County, Florida. The city name is from the Spanish word for "adventure," and was named "Aventura" because that was the name of the original group of condominium developments in the area. The name predates the well known mall (Aventura Mall) built near the condominium developments. According to the 2020 U.S. census, 40,242 people lived in the city.

Florida Keys

The Florida Keys is an archipelago of about 1700 islands in the southeast United States. They begin at the southeastern tip of the Florida peninsula, about 15 miles south of Miami, and extend in a gentle arc south-southwest and then westward to Key West, the westernmost of the inhabited islands, and on to the uninhabited Dry Tortugas. The islands lie along the Florida Straits, dividing the Atlantic Ocean to the east from the Gulf of Mexico to the west, and defining one edge of Florida Bay. At the nearest point, the southern tip of Key West is just 98 miles (157 km) from Cuba. The Florida Keys are between about 23.5 and 25.5 degrees North latitude, in the subtropics. The climate of the Keys however, is defined as tropical according to Köppen climate classification. More than 95 percent of the land area is in Monroe County, but a small portion extends northeast into Miami-Dade County, primarily in the city of Islandia, Florida. The total land area is 355.6 km² (137.3 sq mi). As of the 2000 census the population was 79,535, with an average density of 223.66/km² (579.27/sq mi), although much of the population is concentrated in a few areas of much higher density, such as the city of Key West, which has 32% of the entire population of the Keys.

The city of Key West is the county seat of Monroe County, which consists of a section on the mainland which is almost entirely in Everglades National Park, and the Keys islands from Key Largo to the Dry Tortugas.

Upper keys 

Middle keys

Lower keys


Climatology

Climatology is the study of climate, scientifically defined as weather conditions averaged over a period of time, and is a branch of the atmospheric sciences. Basic knowledge of climate can be used within shorter term weather forecasting using analog techniques such as teleconnections and climate indices.

The Greeks began the study of climate.


Harder, Better, Faster, Stronger

"Harder, Better, Faster, Stronger" is a 2001 single from the album "Discovery" by Daft Punk.

Kanye West's 2007 song "Stronger" from the album "Graduation" uses a sample from "Harder, Better, Faster, Stronger".

Fiona Apple

Fiona Apple McAfee Maggart, or Fiona Apple (born September 13, 1977) is an American musician. Her song "Criminal", which was on her first album, "Tidal", won a Grammy Award in 1998 for Best Female Rock Vocal Performance.
Since then Apple has released three studio albums.

Apple was born in New York City to singer Diane McAfee and actor Brandon Maggart. She started psychotherapy when she was 11. When she was 12 she was raped outside the apartment she lived in. She had obsessive-compulsive disorder.

In 1994 Apple gave demo tape containing the songs "Never Is a Promise", "Not One of Those Times", and "He Takes a Taxi" to her friend, who was the babysitter of music publicist Kathryn Schenker. Schenker passed the tape on to Sony Music executive Andy Slater. Slater signed Apple to the label. In 1996 Apple's first album "Tidal" was released. Apple won the MTV Video Music Award for "Best New Artist" for her song "Sleep to Dream" in 1997. Apple famously said that "the world is bullshit" in her acceptance speech.

In 1999 Apple's second album "When the Pawn..." was released.

Apple sang with Johnny Cash on a cover of Simon & Garfunkel's "Bridge over Troubled Water" on Cash's 2002 album "American IV: The Man Comes Around".

Apple's third album "Extraordinary Machine" was released in 2005. Apple was on the cover of NYLON magazine.

In 2012 Apple's fourth album "The Idler Wheel..." was released.

A cover of "I'm in the Middle of a Riddle" that Apple made with her sister Maude Maggart was released on February 4 on "Sweetheart", a Valentine's album only sold at Starbucks.

Apple is vegan. In October 2013 she asked a fan to leave her concert in Portland, Oregon after they shouted "Get healthy!" at her.


Pastor

A pastor is what a leader is called in some Christian Churches. The word "pastor" is Latin for "shepherd".


Egyptology

Egyptology is the study of Ancient Egypt. It falls under both history and archaeology. Someone who studies or works in this field is called an Egyptologist.

Lichfield

Lichfield is a small city in Staffordshire, England.

The first part of the name comes from a nearby Roman-British village called "Letocetum". It was captured by the Mercians some time before 669, when it was called "Licidfelth". Between 786 and 803, the Christian archbishop in England was here, instead of Canterbury.

New France

New France was a colony settled by France in North America. The regions in New France included Quebec, Acadia, and the Louisiana Territory. Quebec City was its capital. The French settled there after finding Quebec and in doing so created New France. The colony was most valuable for its fur trade. France lost the colony during the French and Indian War and it became part of British North America, except the western part of the Louisiana Territory which France had ceded in 1762 to the Spanish Empire. In 1800 Spain returned that territory to Napoleon, who sold it to the United States in 1803.

El Llano, Dominican Republic

El Llano ("The Plain") is a Dominican municipality in the Elías Piña province.

The municipality had, in 2010, a total population of 4,193: 2,161 men and 2,032 women. The urban population was of the total population.

El Llano became a municipality by the law 687 of 2 July 1974. Before that date, it was part of Comendador.

El Llano has an area of . It is to the east of Comendador, next to the San Juan province.

The municipality of El Llano has only one municipal district; this is:

The main economic activity of the municipality is farming. The main crop is rice.

Hondo Valle

Hondo Valle (in English, "Deep Valley") is a Dominican municipality in the Elías Piña Province. It is in the northern "Sierra de Neiba" mountain range.

The municipality had, in 2010, a total population of 7,194: 3,782 men and 3,412 women. The urban population was of the total population.

Hondo Valle was elevated to the category of municipality by the law 916 of 12 August 1978. Before that date, it was a municipal district of Comendador.

Hondo Valle is in a small valley on the Sierra de Neiba mountain range, at an elevation of 890 m. It is at to the south of Comendador.

The limits of the municipality are the municipality of El Llano to the north, the municipality of Juan Santiago to the east, the Independencia province to the south and Haiti to the west.

Hondo Valle has a tropical wet and dry/savanna (Köppen climate classification : Aw).

The average amount of rainfall for the year in the city is . The month with the most precipitation on average is May with of rainfall, followed by September with .

The driest season is winter. The month with the least rainfall on average is January with an average of and the second is December with .

Hondo Valle is in a warm region; the average temperature for the year is . The warmest month, on average, is July with an average temperature of . The coolest month on average is January, with an average temperature of .

The municipality of Hondo Valle has only one municipal district; this is:

The main economic activity of the municipality is farming.

Juan Santiago, Dominican Republic

Juan Santiago is a Dominican municipality in the Elías Piña province.

The municipality had, in 2010, a total population of 4,360: 2,394 men and 1,966 women. The urban population was of the total population.

Juan Santiago became a municipal district of Comendador by the law 916 of 12 August 1978. Then, in 2005, it became a municipality of the Elías Piña province.

Juan Santiago has an area of . The limits of the municipality are the municipality of El Llano to the north, the San Juan province to the east, the Independencia province to the south and the municipality of Hondo Valle to the west.

The main economic activity of the municipality is farming.

Río Limpio, Elías Piña

Río Limpio (in English, "Clean River") is a Dominican municipal district of Pedro Santana in the Elías Piña Province.

The municipality had, in 2010, a total population of 3,364: 1,913 men and 1,451 women. The urban population was of the total population.

Río Limpio became a municipal district of Pedro Santana by the law 36 of 15 November 1992.

Río Limpio has an area of . It is on the right side of the "Vallecito" river, a left tributary of the Artibonite river.

The town is to the west of the "Loma Nalga de Maco" mountain, high (), the highest mountain in the western Cordillera Central mountain range.

The limits of the municipality are the Dajabón province to the northwest, the Santiago Rodríguez province to the northeast, the San Juan province to the east, the municipality of Pedro Santana to the south and Haiti to the west.

The main economic activity of the municipality is farming. The main crops are coffee and rice.

Sabana Cruz, Elías Piña

Sabana Cruz (in English, "Savanna [of the] Cross") is a Dominican municipal district of Bánica in the Elías Piña Province. It has a total area of 66.0 km².

Sabana Cruz is on the southwest of the municipality of Bánica, on the border with Haiti.

In the last national census (2002), the population of Sabana Cruz was of 2,081 persons. The population density was 31.5 persons/km².

The main economic activity of the municipality is agriculture.

Sabana Larga, Elías Piña

Sabana Larga (in English, "Long Savanna") is a Dominican municipal district of Comendador in the Elías Piña Province near the border with Haiti.

The municipality had, in 2010, a total population of 2,056: 1,127 men and 929 women. The urban population was of the total population.

Sabana Larga was made a municipal district of Comendador by the law 18 of 20 January 2004; a municipal district is a part of a municipality that has its own government.

Sabana Larga is to the northeast of the city of Comendador, on the northern side of the "Macasías" river, the main left tributary of the Artibonite river.

The main economic activity of Sabana Larga is farming.

Destiny Fulfilled

Destiny Fulfilled is the fifth and final studio album by the American R&B trio Destiny's Child. The album features the top five singles "Lose My Breath" and "Soldier" along with the top twenty single "Cater 2 U" and top thirty single "Girl".

"Destiny Fulfilled" debuted too early at number-nineteen on the Billboard 200 selling 61,000 copies a week before its official release. During its first official week of sales the album sold over 497,000 (558,000) copies and went to number two on the pop charts behind Eminem's "Encore" and number one on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart (for two weeks). The album sold over 337,000 copies in its second week (number four), 164,000 in its third (number nine) and 214,000 in its fourth (number seven). "Destiny Fulfilled" was made Triple platinum by the RIAA after only eight weeks on the chart in January, 2005. It spent nine weeks in the top ten and fifty weeks on the Billboard 200 and has sold 2.7 million copies in the US says Nielsen SoundScan. The album has sold 6 million copies worldwide, to date.




Kanal 5

Kanal 5 is a Swedish television channel.


Decadence

Decadence (pronounced: DEK-a-dence) means a state in which people are behaving in a way that is regarded by some people as being morally bad. The adjective is 'decadent'. It has nothing to do with the word decade (10 years). 

“Decadence” comes from the Latin words “de” (from) and “cadere” (to fall). Thus it means "to fall from a higher state of being".

Decadence is usually a state in a society which used to be good but has become bad. Many people have started to behave in a way that others think is shocking and society does not function as well as it did before. Of course, not everyone will agree what is “good” or “bad”, but some societies, such as Sodom and Gomorrah, are thought to have been decadent.

The end of the 19th century and beginning of the 20th century is often called the "fin de siècle" (end of century). It is an example of a supposed decadent society in literature and art. 

In France there were several writers who were happy to be called “decadent”. They included Paul Verlaine, Charles Baudelaire, Arthur Rimbaud and Stéphane Mallarmé. In France, the symbolist artists such as Gustave Moreau regarded themselves as "decadent". In England decadent artists included the author Oscar Wilde and visual artists such as Aubrey Beardsley. The "decadents" advocated living a "decadent lifestyle", which means a lifestyle based on seeking the maximum possible amount of aesthetic pleasure. 

In the early 1970s, glam rock musicians such as David Bowie called themselves "decadent". David Bowie's 1973 album "Diamond Dogs" is about the theme of decadence. Glam rock musicians and fans of glam rock music signaled that they were decadent by wearing platform shoes. The popular 1976 film "Rocky Horror Picture Show" was a humorous depiction of "decadence". 

People of the goth subculture, which began in the early 1980s among fans of the band Bauhaus, generally regard themselves as being "decadent". One way they may symbolize themselves as being decadent is by wearing fishnet stockings. 

The color lavender is usually used to symbolize decadence. Both of the books in the "further reading" list below are colored different tones of lavender. In the 1890s, the color mauve was used to symbolize decadence--the 1890s were called the "mauve decade". 


Kanye West

Ye (born Kanye Omari West, June 8, 1977), known professionally as just Kanye West, is an American rapper, singer, songwriter, record producer, and fashion designer from Chicago, Illinois. In 2020, West ran for President of the United States, under his own political party, the Birthday Party. He changed his name to Ye in late 2021.

He rose to fame in the mid 2000s. His first three albums, "The College Dropout", "Late Registration", and "Graduation" received many awards, critical acclaim, and commercial success. In 2008, he released his fourth album, "808s & Heartbreak". In 2010, he released his fifth album, titled "My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy". In 2013, he released his sixth album, "Yeezus". "Yeezus" obtained great reviews from many music critics. In 2016, he released his seventh album, "The Life of Pablo". In 2018, he released his eighth album, "Ye". West explored Christian and gospel music on his 2019 album "Jesus Is King". His tenth album "Donda" was released in 2021. West's discography also includes the two full-length collaborative albums "Watch the Throne" (2011) (with Jay-Z) and "Kids See Ghosts" (2018) (with Kid Cudi).

Kanye Omari West was born at Grady Memorial Hospital; in Atlanta, Georgia. He was from a middle-class African-American family. He moved with his mother to Chicago, Illinois when he was three years old. During the same time, his mother and father divorced. He started writing poetry at the age of five. Kanye moved with his mother to Nanjing, China when he was 10. In 1997 West started taking painting classes at Chicago's American Academy of Art. After a short time he changed to Chicago State University to major in English. When he was 20 he left college to focus on music.

West started his music career as a producer creating beats for local Chicago artists. He was well known in these beats to take samples of old and popular soul songs, speed them up, raise the pitch and put these samples in his beats to enhance the sound. This is called Chipmunk Soul. In the late 1990s, West became a member of the amateur rap group called Go-Getters with GLC, Timmy G, and Really Doe. In 1999 they released their only album, "World Record Holders".

In 2003 West released his first mixtape, "Get Well Soon...". In "Get Well Soon..." He rapped on an instrumental from Twista's single "Slow Jamz". In 2004. West's first album "The College Dropout" was released by Roc-A-Fella. It entered the "Billboard" 200 at number two. Five singles were released from the album. That year West started a record label called GOOD Music. John Legend is signed to the label. West was nominated for three American Music Awards.

In 2005 West's second album "Late Registration" was released. Five singles were released from the album. The second single "Gold Digger" was nominated for Record of the Year at the 2006 Grammy Awards. West was also nominated for Best New Artists. Other rappers on the album included Jay-Z, Ludacris, and Mos Def. In 2005 West released his first fashion line. West's third album "Graduation" was released in 2007. The album was nominated for eight Grammy Awards. Five singles were released from the album. The album's first single "Stronger" won a Grammy Award for Best Rap Solo Performance.

In 2008, West's fourth studio album "808s & Heartbreak" was released. The album was sung instead of rapped by West. It sold 450,145 copies in its first week. West acted in the 2008 movie "The Love Guru".
"My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy" was released on Roc-A-Fella Records in 2010. Music critics gave it great reviews. "Pitchfork" gave the album a score of 10/10. "Pitchfork" rarely gives a 10/10 rating, so this was a big achievement. "Rolling Stone" gave it five out of five stars. Four singles were released from the album.

In 2011 West released an album with Jay-Z called "Watch the Throne". In 2011 "All of the Lights" was released as the fourth single from "My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy". Rihanna sang in it.

On May 23, 2012 a short movie made by West called "Cruel Summer" was shown for the first time at the 2012 Cannes Film Festival. The movie was given good reviews. The movie's name came from an album West released called "Cruel Summer" on his record label GOOD Music.

On June 18, 2013 West's sixth studio album "Yeezus" was released. The album got very good reviews from music critics. In November 2013 West gave a lecture at Harvard University. On November 15, 2013 Busta Rhymes' single "Thank You" was released. West rapped on it with Lil Wayne and Q-Tip. On November 24, 2013, West said in an interview that he is making his seventh album. "New Slaves" was nominated for Best Rap Song at the 2014 Grammy Awards. On June 27, 2015, West headlined Glastonbury Festival 2015 to much controversy.

On February 14, 2016, West released "The Life of Pablo" on Tidal, Jay-Z's online music service. On April 1, 2016, West released "The Life Of Pablo" on other music services, including Spotify, Apple Music, and Google Play.

On June 1, 2018, West released "Ye," an album about his mental health struggles"."

In 2018 West released a collaboration album with Kid Cudi called "Kids See Ghosts".

On October 25, 2019, West released "Jesus is King," a religious hip-hop album. It became the first to top the "Billboard" 200, Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums, Top Rap Albums, Top Christian Albums and Top Gospel Albums charts at the same time. 

West released a single called "Wash Us in the Blood" on June 30, 2020, featuring rapper and singer Travis Scott. "Wash Us in the Blood" serves as the first single from West's tenth studio album "Donda".

On August 29, 2021, after a long roll out, West released "Donda".

In 2022, West released "Donda 2" only on a music listening device known as the Stem Player.

West married Kim Kardashian in 2014. They have a daughter, North "Nori" West, who was born on June 15, 2013. They also have a son, Saint West, who was born on December 5, 2015. Their third child, daughter Chicago West, was born on January 15, 2018. They had their fourth child on May 9, 2019, a son named Psalm West. In January 2021, CNN reported that the couple were discussing divorce. On February 19, 2021, the couple officially filed for divorce. The divorce became official in 2022.

In January 2023, it was reported that West had informally married Australian architectural designer Bianca Censori in a private ceremony in Beverly Hills, California. The ceremony had no legal standing; the couple did not file for a marriage license. West said Censori is his muse.

In August 2015 during MTV Video Music Award, West announced his candidacy for President of the United States in the 2020 election.

In September 2015, West announced that he intends to run for President of the United States in 2020. He later implied on Twitter that he intends to run for President in 2024 due to Donald Trump's win in the 2016 election. On December 13, 2016, West met with President-elect Trump to discuss (according to West) "bullying, supporting teachers, modernizing curriculums, and violence in Chicago."

On July 4, 2020, West announced on Twitter that he would be running in the 2020 presidential election, although it's unclear if he has filed official paperwork to appear on ballots.

Kanye West has released 10 studio albums:
On October 9, 2022, West said on Twitter that he would be “going death con 3 On JEWISH PEOPLE", seemingly a misspelling of DEFCON 3. This suggested he was anti-semitic. He also said he supported Adolf Hitler and denied the existence of the Holocaust.


Giro Manoyan

Giro (Kiro) Manoyan () is an Armenian politician, one of the leaders of ARF Dashnaktsutiun and the head of "Armenian Cause" Office.

Manoyan attended and finished Concordia University in Montreal, Canada. In the 1980s he was the Executive Director of the Armenian National Committee of Canada. From 1989 to 1999, he edited the Horizon Weekly Armenian newspaper. Since 2000, he is the Director of the International Secretariat of the Armenian Revolutionary Federation Bureau in Yerevan.


Castleton, Derbyshire

Castleton is a small village in the Derbyshire Peak District national park, in England. It is built on a limestone part of the national park and nearly all the buildings are built of limestone. It has extremely good access as it is near some main cities.

The main attractions in Castleton include Mam Tor, a tall mountain made out of shale. Burbage Moor is a lovely walking spot. It has some climbing spots and has a valley in a valley. Winnats Pass is a path way in between two cliffs. It is very spectacular walking through it. There are big limestone caves near Castleton. They have stalagmites stalactites. 

Blue John is a type of rock which is found near Castleton. Water can be seen flowing out of the ground. This is water which has soaked into the limestone.

Castleton has the nickname "Gem of the Pee*”


Los Angeles Lakers

The Los Angeles Lakers are an American professional basketball team in the National Basketball Association (NBA). They play their home games in the Crypto.com Arena in Los Angeles, California, which they share with the Los Angeles Clippers, their sister team the Los Angeles Sparks of the Women's National Basketball Association (WNBA), and the Los Angeles Kings of the National Hockey League (NHL). The Lakers were originally known as Minneapolis Lakers. The Lakers are one of the most successful teams in the history of the NBA, and have won 17 NBA championships, tied with the Boston Celtics for the most in NBA history. More recently, the Lakers were the champions of the NBA's inaugural In-Season Tournament in 2023.

Many famous players played on the Los Angeles Lakers' team, including:
The Lakers have won 17 NBA championships, including 5 in Minneapolis (1949, 1950, 1952, 1953, 1954) and 12 in Los Angeles (1972, 1980, 1982, 1985, 1987, 1988, 2000, 2001, 2002 and 2009, 2010, 2020).

Three of the Lakers' rivals are the Boston Celtics, Portland Trail Blazers, and the Sacramento Kings.

Asterix

Asterix () is a French comic book. It was created by René Goscinny (words) and Albert Uderzo (pictures). Goscinny died in 1977 and Uderzo continued to draw and write the series by himself until his death in 2020. The title character Asterix is a Gaul, a member of a Celtic tribe that lived in France, in the year of 50 B.C.E. Asterix lives in a small village in northwest Gaul (Ancient France) during the time of Julius Caesar in 50 BC. Unlike the rest of Gaul, this village has not been taken over by the Romans, because the people in the village drink a magic potion brewed by their druid Getafix. Asterix has many adventures with his friend, Obelix, a Menhir delivery man. The stories have been adapted into movies and video games; there is even an amusement park. There is also a couple of cartoons made after this popular comic, and both the comic and the cartoon can be made into so that the characters speak French.

Hurdy gurdy

A hurdy gurdy is a stringed musical instrument played by a rosin-covered wheel. It dates back to the Middle Ages. 
The hurdy gurdy can create three types of sounds. The melody is played on melody strings by pressing keys on the side of the instrument. These press tangents against the strings. Hurdy gurdies can also have drone strings, which play one note continuously. Many hurdy gurdies also have a buzzing bridge. Turning the wheel faster causes this to make a rhythmic buzzing sound.


Airplane

An airplane, also known as an aeroplane or just plane, is a fixed-wing aircraft. It moves by thrust from a jet engine, propeller, or rocket engine. Airplanes come in many shapes and sizes. The use of aircraft is called aviation. Airplanes are used for many things including recreation, transportation of goods and people, military, and research. They can move much faster than road, rail or sea transport, and so they are often the choice for long distances. 

Commercial aviation transports more than four billion passengers annually on airliners and transports more than 200 billion ton kilometres of cargo every year, which is less than 1% of the world's cargo movement. Most airplanes are flown by a pilot on board the aircraft, but some are airplanes made to be remotely or computer-controlled such as drones.

Airplanes fly between many cities all over the world, carrying people and cargo. Big cities usually have an international airport, where large airplanes can land and take off safely. Some large cities like New York City and London have more than one airport. Two major makers of airplanes are Airbus and Boeing.

Statistics show that riding in a plane is safer than driving in a car.

People make jokes about airline food, because they say it tastes bad. While travelling on an airliner at a high altitude, it can cause dryness. Because of the low pressure, a person's taste buds are around 30% less sensitive to sweet and salty foods.

The wings of a fixed-wing aircraft are static planes extending either side of the aircraft. When the aircraft travels forwards, air flows over the wings, which are shaped to create lift. This shape is called an airfoil and is shaped like a bird's wing.

Fixed-wing aircraft have long been used as airliners for moving passengers from place to place. Cargo aircraft carry cargo across seas and long distances, and passenger aircraft also carry some cargo.

The first aircraft for war bombing was used in Libya in 1911 by Italy against the Ottoman Empire (ItaloTurkish War). Some fixed-wing aircraft are used by air forces to defend countries. These may be fighter aircraft, using guns or missiles for combat with other aircraft. They may be bombers, dropping bombs on ground targets.

Fixed-wing aircraft allow people to travel longer distances, and faster than ships or trains. Aircraft can fly from New York to London in about 7 hours. It would take one week or more on a ship. Militaries use airplanes to carry their soldiers quickly from place to place.

Airplanes are also used by the military to see many things on the ground easily. This is called surveillance or reconnaissance. Often, fixed-wing aircraft will take photographs as well, which can be used for military planning later. This role is now being taken over by drones, which are automatic planes.

Fossil fuel-powered aircraft release soot and other pollutants into the atmosphere. They burn fossil fuel which releases CO2 emissions, and has warming non-CO2 effects due to nitrogen oxides (NOx), vapor trails and cloud formation.

List of magicians

This is a list of magicians, illusionists, escape artists, and other practitioners of stage magic.

Magicians are listed by the most common name used in performance. Magicians' real names, if different, follow in parentheses.


Magician

A magician is an entertainer who does illusions and magic tricks by learning about the tricks of the mind and using them to his/her advantage; magicians will occasionally use props, such as a pack of cards. 

The most famous magicians are:


Republic P-47 Thunderbolt

The P-47 Thunderbolt (also called The Jug ) was a fighter aircraft made by Republic Aviation. It first flew in 1941, and was introduced in 1942. It had a very big Pratt and Whitney R-2800-59 engine, which had more than 2,000 horsepower. Because of this, the P-47 could go more than 430 miles per hour. In fact, it was the biggest engine ever at the time. It had 8 machine guns, 2 more than most fighters. It's shape and speed made it similar to the Fw 190.

During 1944, the P-51 Mustang was lighter, faster, and could turn better. Because of this, it started replacing the P-47 as a fighter. The P-47 was then used for bombing in late World War II. It was retired from the American Air National Guard in 1955.

Now, there is a jet called the A-10 Thunderbolt II, and it is named after the P-47.


Judo

Judo is very scientific in its training methods and fighting techniques.

Judo grew out of an older martial art, "Jujutsu" or "Jū-jutsu".

"Jujutsu" was an ancient and deadly martial art which used chokes, throws, joint locks, and strikes. Kanō created judo by using techniques which were common in jujutsu. He eliminated techniques that he thought were dangerous in training, so that students could train with resistance. Some basic throws are Tai-otoshi and De-ashi-barai (these are in Japanese). There are two types: groundwork and feet work. Ground work is when both players are on the ground. Usually the attacker would be on top and the uke (defender) would be on the bottom. In feet work both players would move along the mat in a variety of moves. Every once in a while a player will throw their opponent on the floor. In competitions the players will go full on for each other. Once someone has thrown their opponent down, they need to hold them down for 20 seconds or the point will not count. The person who has the most points at the end wins a gold, silver or bronze.


Michelle Williams

Michelle Williams may refer to different people:


Humus

Humus (or humous) is the organic matter in the soil. It is made of dead parts of plants and animals. Humus takes in water and has plenty of nutrients. Nitrogen is the most important. Plants put roots into the soil to get the water and nutrients. Humus is good for plants because it is like a sponge.

The dark colour of humus (usually black or dark brown) helps to warm up cold soils in the spring.

When plants and insects die they are first raw organic matter. Bacteria and fungi eat the raw material, but they do not eat all of it. They leave a small amount behind. The part they leave behind is named "humus". This activity is dynamic and keeps happening. There is always more dead material arriving on top. So the soil always has organic material in it, along with small pieces of rock.

In agriculture, "humus" usually means mature compost, or some taken naturally from a forest, where it may have lived for many years. 


Soil science

Soil science deals with soil as a natural resource on the surface of the earth.

It includes soil formation, classification and mapping.

But many more sciences deal with knowledge of soils and the advancement of the soil sciences: engineering, agronomists, chemistry, geology, geography, biology, microbiology, sylviculture, public health, archaeology, and regional planning.

"Soil" refers to anything between the top of the dirt and the top of the underlying rock (called "bedrock"). Soil is often broken into layers. The top layer is high in organic matter (roting plants and such). Then there is a layer of layer of soil where rain water has removed some metals (called "leaching"). Those metals get collected in another, lower layer. Finally, there is a layer made up mostly of broken bits of bedrock. A soil can have all of these layers, or only a few.

Soils are important because most groundwater, which is used in everything from city water supplies to farming, is found in soil, not bedrock.




King's Counsel

King's Counsel (postnominal KC), during the reign of a female sovereign known as Queen's Counsel (QC), are senior lawyers in various Commonwealth countries.

They are appointed by letters patent to be one of "His Majesty's Counsel learned in the law". They are not a separate type of lawyer. They are more than long serving lawyers, because their status is given by the Crown and recognised by the courts. 

King's Counsel have the privilege of sitting within the Bar of court, and wear silk gowns of a special design (hence the informal title Silks). The special robes are the reason why becoming a
KC is often called "taking silk".

In order to "take silk" a lawyer usually has to serve as a barrister or a Scottish advocate for at least 10 years. Recently solicitors have also been appointed King's Counsel.

A KC's status means they generally charge higher fees than ordinary barristers, and always have another barrister as an assistant. This assistant is called a "junior" even if the junior has been a lawyer longer than the "silk".

Pedogenesis

Pedogenesis or soil evolution (formation) is how soil is created.

Climate regulates soil formation. Soils develop more in areas with more rainfall and more warmth. The rate of chemical weathering increases by 2-3 times when the temperature increases by 10 degrees Celsius (50°F). Climate also affects which organisms are present, affecting the soil chemically and physically (movement of roots, burrowing by animals).

The organisms living in and on the soil form distinct soil types. Coniferous forests have acidic leaf litter. Mixed or deciduous forests leave a larger layer of humus. Prairies have very high humus accumulation, creating a dark, thick soil.

The rock from which soil is formed is called 'parent material' (bedrock). The main types are: eolian (wind), glacial material, alluvium, lake material other parent materials.

Pedogenesis is the major topic of the science of pedology. Its other aspects include the soil morphology, classification (taxonomy) of soils, and their distribution in nature.



11 (number)

11 (eleven or ) is a number. It comes between ten and twelve, is an odd number, and is a prime number, after 2, 3, 5, and 7.

12 (number)

12 (also written as twelve) is a number. It comes between eleven and thirteen, and it is an even number. It is divisible by 1, 2, 3, 4, 6, and 12. Its ordinal is 12th (twelfth). In Roman numerals, it is written as XII. It is the base of duodecimal numbers. It is often called dozen.

12 is also referred to as, The Twelve Imams or the Twelve Apostles of Christ 


Sedimentary rock

Sedimentary rocks are rocks formed from sediment. They are deposited over time, and often show layers which can be seen in cliffs. Other types of rock are igneous rock and metamorphic rock.

Sediments are usually formed from matter which falls to the bottom of oceans and lakes. The matter includes tiny pieces of other rocks, and dead animals, plants and microorganisms. Also, inorganic chemicals may be precipitated from solution in the water. The three most common sedimentary rocks are limestone, sandstone and shale.

Sedimentary rocks cover 7580% of the Earth's land area, but they make up only 5% of the Earth's crust. The relative abundances of the different types of sedimentary rocks are:

Squeezed and compressed over time, the sediments become 'consolidated' (made solid) into layers of rock. Stratigraphy is the study of those layers

Cementation occurs when dissolved mineral components deposit in the interstices of sediments. It is the sticking together of sediment that forms a rock.

Otherwise, rocks may have the water squeezed out, yet remain for long periods with their character unchanged. There are many quarries of unconsolidated deposits where sand and gravel are removed for the construction industry. Such quarries may be taking out sand which has lasted as sand since the Jurassic period. But consolidated sand, sandstone, can be a very hard rock.

Consolidated rocks may be changed some more, by water seeping through, or by heat and extreme pressure.

Sediments are formed by three processes:

These sedimentary processes – weathering, transportation, and deposition – reach three final end products: quartz sand, shale (from clay), and limestone (CaCO). Most sedimentary rocks are variations on this general pattern.

Chalk, limestone, and dolomite are all basically made from calcium carbonate. This comes from a mixture of minerals and pieces of animals (especially animal shells). They are mostly formed in oceans.
Shales, sandstones, and conglomerates are all clastic rocks. They are made from pieces of other rocks. The pieces may have come from erosion by water, ice or wind.
Coal is made from ancient plants; oil and natural gas is also organic in origin.

Some sedimentary rocks are made of just one type of sediment, all about the same size, such as sand. Other sedimentary rocks will have large and small lumps, and pieces of different types of rock. Well-known sedimentary rocks are sandstone and limestone.

Sedimentary rocks may be found anywhere on Earth. When sedimentary rocks are heated and squeezed, they become metamorphic rocks. Igneous rocks have a volcanic origin. Over a very long time, rocks get recycled, in two ways. When marine sediments are raised above sea level, they get weathered, and the pieces carried down to the sea. On a much longer time-scale continental plates may collide. Then one plate goes under the other (is subducted), and all its material is recycled, emerging much later.



14 (number)

Fourteen is a number. It is between 13 and 15. It is an even number. It is divisible by 1, 2, 7, and 14.

In Roman numerals, 14 is written as XIV.

Rock (geology)

A rock is a naturally occurring solid. Rocks are made of collections of mineral grains that are held together in a firm, solid mass. They are made of minerals (which are crystalline), or other mineral-like substances. 

The Earth's outer solid layer, the lithosphere, is made of rock. That means the Earth's crust is made of rock. The different minerals in the rocks make different kinds of rock. 

Rock is often covered by soil or water. It is beneath the oceans, lakes, and rivers of the earth, and under the polar icecaps. Petrology is the scientific study of rocks.

Rocks are classified by their minerals and chemical make-up. The processes that formed them are also noted. Rocks may be igneous, sedimentary and metamorphic. Rock types may change in a so-called 'rock cycle'.

Igneous rocks are formed when molten magma cools, either above or below the surface. They are divided into two main categories: plutonic rock and volcanic rock. Plutonic or intrusive rocks are made when magma cools and crystallizes slowly within the Earth's crust (example granite). Volcanic or extrusive rocks result from magma reaching the surface either as lava or ejecta (examples pumice and basalt). There are over 700 hundred types of igneous rocks, and they are usually the hardest and heaviest of all rocks.

Sedimentary rocks are the most common rocks on Earth. They form at or near the Earth's surface. Sedimentary rock is formed in layers which were laid down one by one on top of another. Some of the layers are thin, some are thick. Layers are made by deposition of sediment, organic matter, and chemical precipitates. Of the rocks exposed on the Earth's surface, 66 percent of it are sedimentary rocks. 
Deposition is followed by squeezing of sediment under its own weight, and cementation. This process is called 'consolidation': it turns the sediment into a more or less hard substance.

The approximate amounts of different kinds of sedimentary rock are:

Only sedimentary rocks have fossils.

Metamorphic rocks are formed by rocks coming under great pressure and high temperatures without melting. These temperatures and pressures are found under mountains and volcanoes, especially when continental plates move together. These conditions change the make-up of the original minerals.

Rocks have had an impact on human life. They have been used by humans for over two million years. The mining of rocks for their metals has been one of the most important things in human advancement. Rocks are mined for building materials of all kinds.


15 (number)

Fifteen is a number. It is between fourteen and sixteen, and is an odd number. It is divisible by 1, 3, 5, and 15.

In Roman numerals, 15 is written as XV. 

16 (number)

Sixteen is a number. It comes between fifteen and seventeen, and is an even number. It is also the 4th square number, after 1, 4, and 9. It is the base of hexadecimal numbers.

In Roman numerals, 16 is written as XVI. 

Weathering

Weathering is the breaking down of rocks, soil and their minerals through direct contact with the Earth's atmosphere, waters, or living things. It is a natural process. 

Weathering occurs in one place with little or no movement, and should not be confused with erosion which is when rocks and minerals are moved to another place by ice, water, wind or gravity.

Mechanical or physical weathering is when the rocks and minerals are broken down but the Chemical composition remains the same. Mechanical weathering physically breaks up rock. 

Wind can blow water or small particles such as sand against the rock thus breaking it down.
The wind blowing over your skin removes body heat.local winds are the winds that blow over short distances.

Rain is another force that works slowly. The force of raindrops on some rocks make them wear down. Rain also can make a chemical change in some rocks, because it is usually slightly acidic. The water mixes with the minerals in the rock to break it down.

Changing temperature can make a rock crack. Every day when the sun shines on the rock, its surface is heated. Heat causes the surface to expand (get bigger) a little. The inside of the rock, though, does not heat up as fast as the outside of the rock. The inside of the rock stays cooler. At night, the surface cools down and contracts. The expanding and contracting makes some places on the surface weak, and a crack is made.

Also, if water gets into a crack in a rock and the temperature goes below the freezing point, the water will freeze and expand. After some time, the rock may be weak enough to break into pieces.

Ice, which can be miles thick, grinds the surface of the rock below it. The particles are carried with the ice, and if a glacier ends up in the sea, so does all the material carried with it.

Lava or magma can cause weathering when molten rock touches older rock. It causes the older rock to change form to a different crystal structure.

Chemical weathering is the breaking down of rock which changes the chemical composition.

The carbon dioxide cycle is the most important for weathering. CO is put into the atmosphere mostly by volcanoes, and it is taken out of the atmosphere by photosynthesis, and by one other process. 

While it is in the air, CO can dissolve in water droplets to form weak carbonic acid.

When rain hits rock it does so with mechanical energy and dilute acid. The acid dissolves many types of minerals and rocks though, of course, very slowly. When a mineral like feldspar is dissolved, it lets sodium ions into the sea; chlorine ions come from other minerals. The sea tastes salty because of the elements which have been dissolved out of rocks.


Recrystallisation

Recrystallization (see also crystallization) is an essentially physical process that has meanings in chemistry, metallurgy and geology.

In chemistry, recrystallization is a procedure for purifying compounds. A crystal compound often has other compounds on it that make it less useful. To get rid of these extra items, the crystal is placed in a boiling liquid. Soon the crystal dissolves. The boiling solution, or the mix of the liquid and the dissolved crystal, gets colder. The crystal will form again. The unwanted compounds stay in the solvent, or the liquid. Now the crystal is pure and made of only the compound. Each type of compound works best in a certain type of liquid. Sometimes two or more liquids mixed together are needed to dissolve a crystal.

In geology, solid-state recrystallization is a metamorphic process that occurs under situations of intense temperature and pressure where grains, atoms or molecules of a rock or mineral are packed closer together, creating a new crystal structure. 
Limestone is a sedimentary rock that undergoes metamorphic recrystallization to form marble, and clays can recrystallize to muscovite mica.

In metallurgy, recrystallization is the nucleation and growth of new undeformed grains in a deformed metal.

For ice, recrystallization means the growth of larger crystals at the expense of smaller ones. Some biological antifreeze proteins have been shown to inhibit this process, and the effect may be relevant in freezing-tolerant organisms.


Wildlife and Countryside Act 1981

The Wildlife and Countryside Act 1981 is an law for environmental conservation made by the Parliament of the United Kingdom. It protects native species and restricts the release of non-native species into the wild. The Act is split into four parts. Killing most mammals and almost all birds is illegal in the United Kingdom, except for certain types and for certain reasons.

General licences under the act to hunt birds are issued each year by the Department for Food and Rural Affairs (DEFRA) in England. The Department can give a licence to kill or disturb birds. It also gives out a general licence. This allows any "authorised person", that is someone who has the landowner's permission, to kill certain birds, or to destroy their eggs or nests, if there is no other way to get rid of the birds.

This table shows the name of the bird, and the reasons () that type of bird can be destroyed.
or to prevent serious damage to livestock or damage to foodstuffs for livestock, crops, vegetables, fruit, growing timber, fisheries or inland waters.


Soil classification

Soil classification means that one finds categories of soils that are based on general characteristics as well as criteria that decide about the use that is possible.

Soil classification can be approached from both the perspective of pedogenesis and from soil morphology. But in both cases interpretations do not vary widely. 



Manor house

A manor house or fortified manor-house is a country house, which has historically formed the centre of a manor (see Manorialism). The term is sometimes used for relatively small country houses which belonged to gentry families, as well as to grand stately homes, particularly as a technical term for minor late medieval castles more intended for show than for defence.

In general terms, the manor house was the house of a feudal lord of a manor, which he occupied only on occasional visits if he held many manors. Although not built with strong fortifications as castles were, many manor houses were partly fortified: they were enclosed within walls or ditches. Often the farm buildings were within these walls as well. Many manor houses had small gatehouses and watchtowers. 

The main feature of the manor house was its great hall. By the beginning of the 16th century, manor houses as well as small castles began to acquire the character and amenities of the residences of country gentlemen. This late 16th century transformation produced many of the smaller Renaissance châteaux of France and the many country mansions of the Elizabethan and Jacobean styles in England. 

In France, the terms "château" or "manoir" are often used to describe a French manor house. "Maison-forte" is another French word to describe a strongly fortified manor house. In the western France provinces of Brittany and Normandy, certain large manors enjoyed real means of protection. 

In modern usage, the term "manor" or "manor house" is often used, especially outside Europe, to mean simply either a country house or indeed any other house considered to resemble one, without any reference to age or to the historical sense of the term.



English country house

The English country house is generally accepted as a large house that was once in the ownership of an individual who in most of the cases owned another great house in the West End of London. The country house was not only a weekend retreat for aristocrats, but also often a full time residence for the minor gentry.

The country houses of England have developed over the last 500 years. Before this time most larger houses were fortified, because their owners were feudal lords or overlords of their manor. The Tudor period of stability in the country saw the first of the large unfortified country houses.

With the rise of modern industry and urbanization, when people left the country to go to the big cities the popularity of country houses declined as there were less people in the country. After 1945 it became very difficult to pay for the huge staff that was required to maintain these houses.



Larynx

The larynx (plural "larynges"), also known as the voice box, is an organ in the neck of humans and animals. It helps to protect the wind pipe by stopping it from inhaling food. It also helps with breathing and making sounds. The larynx houses the vocal cords.

The larynx makes the voice. Both pitch and loudness are controlled here. It has a small slit through which air passes and makes the vocal cords vibrate. The vibrating vocal cords make the air vibrate. This sound changes as it travels through the vocal tract. It becomes a different sound based on the position of the tongue, lips, mouth, and pharynx.

When swallowing, the backward motion of the tongue forces part of the larynx called the epiglottis to cover up the opening to the larynx, also called the laryngeal opening. This is to stop the food swallowed from entering the lungs. The larynx is also pulled upwards to help with this process. If the larynx is irritated by something that is swallowed, a strong cough reflex is used to protect the lungs.

There are several things that can cause a larynx to not function properly. Some symptoms are hoarseness, loss of voice, pain in the throat or ears, and breathing difficulties. Larynx transplant is not done very often. The world's first successful operation took place in 1998 at the Cleveland Clinic, and the second took place in October 2010 at the University of California Medical Center in Sacramento.



Endangered species

An endangered species is a species (a population) of animals, plants or other organisms that is in danger of becoming extinct. This could happen because there are few of that animal left, its predators have grown in number, or the climate that it lives in is changing, or the places it lives in have been destroyed. The World Conservation Union (IUCN) has worked out that endangered species are 40% of all organisms. 

Many countries have laws to protect these plants and animals. These laws, if obeyed, can save species by stopping hunting, land development or making parks and reserves. Poaching and other illegal activities, however, can still destroy them. 

Only a few plants and animals at risk of extinction, mostly vertebrates, are put on the lists and get legal protection. Many more species become extinct, or will become extinct, without people knowing about it.

This is a list of some mammals that are endangered. They include:

Endangered birds include:



Archosaur

Archosaurs are a large group of reptiles, including all crocodiles, birds, dinosaurs, and pterosaurs (flying reptiles). There are also a number of smaller extinct groups, mostly from the Triassic period.

The Archosaurs are definitely a monophyletic clade, and do not include reptiles such as the Squamata (lizards and snakes) and the Sphenodontia ("Sphenodon").

They have these diagnostic features, called "synapomorphies" in cladistics talk:

The archosaurs or their immediate ancestors survived the catastrophic Permian–Triassic extinction event. Benton comments: "The key tetrapods to benefit from the Permo-Triassic mass extinction was the Archosauromorpha". Then, in the early and middle Triassic, there was rapid evolution into the types of aquatic and land tetrapods which dominated the rest of the Mesozoic era.

Clades:

This is an even wider group, which includes diapsid Sauropsida which appeared in the middle Permian and Triassic periods. Their relationships are not well established at present.


MS Explorer

The MS "Explorer was a cruise ship ("MS" stands for motor ship). It had been known as MS "Lindblad Explorer (–1985) and MS "Society Explorer" (–1992). It was registered in Liberia. It was designed for sailing in cold areas, such as around Antarctica. The MS "Explorer" was originally ordered by the Swedish explorer Lars-Eric Lindblad. The ship was sold several times. Its last owner was the Toronto-based travel company G.A.P Adventures. It had bought the "Explorer" in 2004.

Besides being the first cruise ship ever built specifically for the cold waters of the Antarctic Ocean, the "Explorer" became the first ever to sink there when it struck an unidentified submerged object, possibly ice, on November 23, 2007, which caused a 10-by-4 inch (25 × 10 cm) gash in the hull. Everyone escaped from "Explorer" in the early hours of November 23, 2007, near the South Shetland Islands in the Southern Ocean, which is usually stormy, but was calm at the time. The "Explorer" was confirmed by the Chilean Navy to have sunk at approximately position: 62 degrees 24 minute South and 57 degrees 16 minutes west, between South Shetlands and Grahams Land, in the Bransfield Strait, where the depth is roughly 2,000 feet (600 m).

Commissioned by Lars-Eric Lindblad, the Swedish-American pioneer of exotic expedition tours, the "Explorer" was built in 1969 at Nystads Varv shipyard in Uusikaupunki, Finland. The ship was built to stay afloat with two of its compartments filled with water, and its ice class on the HELCOM scale was IC.

The vessel was originally named the "Lindblad Explorer" in honor of Lars-Eric Lindblad. On February 11, 1972 the "Explorer" ran into the ground near La Plaza Point, Antarctica; its passengers, Lars-Eric Lindblad among them, were rescued by the Chilean Navy. It was towed to Buenos Aires, Argentina and then to Kristiansand, Norway for repairs.

In 1998 "Explorer" was the first ship to sail around the James Ross Island;.

The "Explorer" was depicted on at least two postage stamps issued by South Georgia.

The ship left Ushuaia, Argentina on November 11, 2007, on a 19-day cruise intended to trace the route of 20th century explorer Ernest Shackleton through the Drake Passage (an area typically stormy with rough seas). After visiting the Falkland Islands and South Georgia Island the "Explorer" hit an unidentified submerged object in the Bransfield Strait close to King George Island in the Antarctic Ocean, near the South Shetland Islands, on November 23, 2007. The object struck by the "Explorer" caused a 10-by-4 inch (25 × 10 cm) hole to the ship's port side (left side) which allowed sea water to enter the ship.

A passenger reported sea water in the cabin at about 03:00 UTC. Although some reports indicate there had been no noticeable impact, or at least nothing more than the normal crunching of ice experienced when sailing through icy waters, other reports say that there was a loud bang. Some reports also indicate that the ship drifted into an iceberg on the "Explorer's" starboard side while the crew was assessing damage caused by the original impact to the port side of the ship.

A mayday call was put out by the ship at 04:24 UTC, and rescue operations were quickly coordinated by the Prefectura Naval (Coast Guard Corps) of the Argentine Republic, and the Chilean Navy Center for Search and Rescue. Chile dispatched the icebreaker "Almirante Viel", and nearby commercial ships including the MN "Ushuaia", the "National Geographic Endeavor", and the Norwegian Coastal Express ship MS "Nordnorge" which was operating as a passenger cruise ship at the time. By 07:30 UTC, all 91 passengers, 9 guides and 54 crew, from over 14 countries, left the ship and took to the life rafts, where they drifted for three to four hours, until they were picked up by the Norwegian ship MS "Nordnorge" which arrived on scene by 10:00 UTC. It is believed that the "Explorer" sank at about 19:00 UTC. Coincidentally, earlier in 2007, the MS "Nordnorge" was involved in another Antarctic rescue when it evacuated 294 passengers from a sister ship, the MS "Nordkapp", when the Nordkapp ran aground on Deception Island, a part of these same remote South Shetland Islands archipelago.

Some of those rescued by the "Nordnorge" were taken to the Chilean Eduardo Frei Montalva Station on King George Island. Later they were flown by C-130 Hercules transport aircraft of the Chilean Air Force to Punta Arenas, Chile, in two separate flights on Saturday, November 24, and Sunday, November 25, 2007. Approximately 70 of the survivors were taken to Uruguay’s Artigas Base. The "Explorer" sank within 20 hours. 


Calcite

Calcite is one of the most common minerals on the Earth's surface. It is a often part of sedimentary rocks, especially limestone. It is also the primary mineral in metamorphic marble.

It is a chemical or biochemical calcium carbonate with the formula CaCO. It is a carbonate mineral. It can be a vein mineral in deposits from hot springs, and in caverns as stalactites and stalagmites.

 

Stalagmite

A stalagmite is a form that can be found on the floor of a cave. It rises from the floor of a limestone cave when mineralized solutions drip from the ceiling and deposits of calcium carbonate form columns on the ground. The corresponding formation on the ceiling of a cave is known as a stalactite. 

There are several methods to help remember which formation hangs from the ceiling (stalactite) and which rises from the floor (stalagmite):


When touring caves with stalactites and stalagmites you might be asked to not touch the rock formations. This is generally because the formation is considered to still be growing and forming. Since the rock buildup is formed by minerals solidifying out of the water solution, skin oils can disturb where the mineral water will cling. So the development of the rock formation will be affected and not will not be natural anymore.

Stalactites and stalagmites can also form on concrete ceilings and floors, but they form much more quickly on concrete than in the natural cave environment.



Deposit

Deposit could mean:


Deposition (geology)

Deposition is the geological process where material is added to a land (or a landform). This can happen in many places, such as a beach or river. Some parts of a shoreline build up and grow out, whereas other parts of the shoreline erode and fall into the sea.

In deposition, wind and water lay down grains of material that have been eroded and transported from another place. Deposition happens when the forces which transport sediments are weaker than the forces of particle weight and friction. This causes a resistance to movement, and the particles drop down. 

Deposition can also refer to the buildup of sediment from organically derived matter or chemical process.

Calcium carbonate

Calcium carbonate is a chemical compound, with the chemical formula CaCO. The elements involved are calcium (Ca), carbon (C) and oxygen (O). It is a common substance found as rock in all parts of the world, and is the main component of seashells, snails, and eggshell. 

Calcium carbonate is usually the main cause of hard water. It is used as a calcium supplement or as a treatment for antacid, but too much can be bad for your health.

Calcium carbonate is found naturally as the following minerals and rocks:

To test whether a mineral or rock contains calcium carbonate, strong acids, such as hydrochloric acid, can be added to it. If the sample does contain calcium carbonate, it will fizz and produce carbon dioxide. Weak acids such as acetic acid will react, but less quickly. All of the rocks/minerals mentioned above will react with acid.


Hard water

Hard water is water that has a high mineral content (contrast with "soft water").

The main components of these minerals usually are calcium (Ca) and magnesium (Mg) ions. But there are also dissolved metals, bicarbonates, and sulfates. Calcium usually enters the water as either calcium carbonate (CaCO) in the form of limestone and chalk, or calcium sulfate (CaSO) in the form of several other mineral deposits. The main source of magnesium is dolomite (CaMg(CO)). Hard water is generally not harmful and some hardness in water is a useful source of calcium for healthy bone development . 


Soft water

Soft water is water which has relatively low concentration of calcium carbonate and other ions . It contains less than 85.5 parts per million of calcium carbonate. 

The water that lathers with soap easily is called or known as soft water. It describes 

Soft water mostly comes from peat or igneous rock sources, such as granite but may also come from sandstone sources, since those sedimentary rocks are usually low in calcium and magnesium. 

Hard water may be better for the heart than soft water. Its calcium (Ca) and magnesium (Mg)ions may be a dietary supplement for some. 

The main disadvantage of hard water is it deposits calcium carbonate on pipes, especially hot water pipes. This is called "scale formation". It may cause blockage of pipes and reduce boiler efficiency. Also, soap and detergents work less well in hard water. These effects increase as hardness increases.

Moorland

Moorland or moor is a type of habitat that one can find in upland areas, that are characterised by acidic soils. 

Moorland habitats are rather common in the neotropics and tropical Africa but one can find them also in small scattered places in northern and western Europe, northern Australia, North America, Central Asia and the Indian subcontinent. In the tiny areas of European moorlands tend to be environments with only very few species. They are often dominated by heather. In the far more extensive moorlands of the tropics species diversity can be extremely high. 

Moorlands differ from typical heathland in being colder and much wetter, often with extensive bogs.

Notable areas of upland moorland in Britain include the Dark Peak, the Forest of Bowland, the Lake District, the Pennines, Mid Wales, the Southern Uplands of Scotland, the Scottish Highlands and a few very small pockets in western Herefordshire.

In Europe if the heather and other vegetation is left for too long, a large volume of dry and combustible material builds up. This may cause a fire which may burn out a large area. But generally moorland wildlife copes with even major fires and are easily able to recover if such intense burnings are not too frequent.


Moorland (disambiguation)

Moorland could mean:

In geography:


In other fields:


Neotropic

In context of biogeography, Neotropic or Neotropical means one of the world's eight terrestrial ecozones.

This ecozone includes South and Central America, the Mexican lowlands, the Caribbean islands, and southern Florida, because these regions share a large number of plant and animal groups.

It is sometimes used as a synonym for the tropical area of South America, although the ecozone also includes temperate southern South America. 
Its fauna and flora are distinct from the Nearctic (which includes most of North America) because of the long separation of the two continents. The formation of the Isthmus of Panama joined the two continents 2 to 3 million years ago.

The Neotropic includes more tropical rainforest than any other ecozone. They extend from southern Mexico through Central America and northern South America to southern Brazil and include the Amazon Rainforest. These rainforest ecoregions are one of the most important reserves of biodiversity on Earth. Extensive deforestation in the late 20th century has reduced this diversity to a degree.



Nearctic

"For the thoroughbred racehorse see Nearctic (horse)."
The Nearctic is one of the eight terrestrial ecozones dividing the Earth's land surface.

In ecology, an ecozone is a large land mass that contains many terrestrial ecoregions, each of which has unique plants and animals.

The Nearctic ecozone covers most of North America, including Greenland and the highlands of Mexico. 

Southern Mexico, southern Florida, Central America, and the Caribbean islands are part of the Neotropic ecozone, together with South America.

The World Wide Fund for Nature (WWF) divides the Nearctic into four Bioregions, defined as "geographic clusters of ecoregions that may span several habitat types, but have strong biogeographic affinities, particularly at taxonomic levels higher than the species level (genus, family)."



Nearctic (horse)

Nearctic (February 11, 1954 – July 27, 1973) was a Canadian-bred Thoroughbred racehorse. He had his most successful season in racing at 4 years old, when he won nine races. Nearctic was retired to stand at stud at "Windfields Farm" in Canada where he became father of a "Kentucky Derby" winner and the "Northern Dancer".
He died at age 19 on July 27, 1973.


Stud

Stud could mean:

Lockerbie

Lockerbie is a small town in Scotland. About 4000 people live there. The town has been there since about 900. By 1750 Lockerbie had become a significant town. From the 1780s it was a staging post on the carriage route from Glasgow to London. Thomas Telford's Carlisle-to-Glasgow road was built through Lockerbie from 1816. The Caledonian Railway opened the line from Carlisle to Beattock through Lockerbie in 1847 and later all the way to Glasgow. 

It was devastated on 21 December 1988 when a Pan American 747-400 aeroplane crashed after a bomb exploded on board. The bomb was hidden in a hand held radio in the rear cargo hold. It had been transferred onto the flight from a connecting flight from Amsterdam. All passengers and crew aboard the aeroplane, and 11 people in the town were killed. The total number of people killed was 270. The Libyan government was found to have organized the bombing. The United Nations placed sanctions on Libya, which stopped people buying and selling items with Libya. In 2003 Libya agreed to pay compensation to the families of the people killed.

Circadian rhythm

A circadian rhythm is a rhythm that repeats about every 24 hours. Plants and animals have these built-in cycles which allow them to flower at the right time, sleep at the right time, etc.

These cycles are also called circadian clocks. The word "circadian" comes from the Latin "circa", "around", and "diem" or "dies", "day", meaning "about a day". Biological time-keeping rhythms include daily, tidal, weekly, seasonal, and annual rhythms. However, most of these rhythms repeat once a day, so they are called circadian from the Latin "circa" (about) "dies" (a day).

Circadian clocks are the internal clocks which make sure that the organism is doing the right thing at the right time. With more complex animals there is the matter of sleep, which seems to be universal amongst animals which have a brain.

Circadian rhythms do some amazing things, especially in the oceanic animals whose eggs are fertilised externally. This means the eggs and sperm have to be released at the same time by both sexes of the same species. Little is known about the physiology of how this coordination is achieved.

Animal clocks have three main parts:

In 2017, the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine was awarded to Jeffrey C. Hall, Michael Rosbash and Michael W. Young "for their discoveries of molecular mechanisms controlling the circadian rhythm" in fruit flies ("Drosophila").

The circadian rhythms, also called the "biological clock" or the "body clock", of humans and other animals, regulate many bodily functions including feeding, sleeping, body temperature and hormone production.

The actual machinery in plants, fungi and bacteria are different from those in the animal clock. However, they do the same kind of thing in practice.

Stud (animal)

A stud in animal breeding is a male animal, such as a horse or dog, that is employed for breeding. The terms for the male of a given animal species (stallion, bull, rooster, etc.) usually mean that the animal is entire, that is, not castrated, and therefore capable of standing at stud. A specialized vocabulary exists for de-sexed animals.

A stud farm, in animal husbandry, is an establishment for selective breeding using stud animals.

Castration

Castration is any action, surgical, chemical, or otherwise, by which a male loses the functions of the testes or a female loses the functions of the ovaries. It is also a type of anaphrodisiac.

Castration is commonly performed on domestic animals not intended for breeding. 
Domestic animals are usually castrated in order to avoid unwanted or uncontrolled reproduction; to reduce or prevent other ways of sexual behaviour such as territorial behaviour or aggression (like fighting between groups of uncastrated males of a species); or to reduce other consequences of sexual behaviour that may make animal husbandry more difficult, such as fence destruction when animals try to get to nearby females of the species.

Male horses are usually castrated, because stallions are rather aggressive. The same applies to male mules, although they are sterile. Male cattle are castrated to improve docility for use as oxen.

A specialized vocabulary has arisen for neutered animals of given species:

The practice of castration has its roots before recorded human history. Castration was frequently used in certain cultures of Europe, the Middle East, India, Africa and China, for political, religious or social reasons. After battles in some cases, victors castrated their captives or the corpses of the defeated to symbolise their victory and 'seize' their power. Castrated men — eunuchs — were often admitted to special social classes and were used particularly to staff bureaucracies and palace households: in particular, the harem. Castration also figured in a number of religious castration cults. Other religions, for example Judaism and Islam, were strongly opposed to the practice. The "Leviticus Holiness code", for example, specifically excludes eunuchs or any males with defective genitals from the priesthood, just as castrated animals are excluded from sacrifice.

In China, to become a servant of the emperor, men had to be castrated. This would prevent them from having sons or having affairs with royal concubines. Eunuchs in China have been known to usurp power in many eras of Chinese history, most notably in the Later Han, late Tang and late Ming Dynasties. There are similar recorded Middle Eastern events.

Testicular cancer is generally treated by surgical removal of the cancerous testicle(s) (orchidectomy), often followed by radiation or chemotherapy. Unless both testicles are cancerous, only one is removed.

Edward Gibbon's famous work "Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire" reports castration of defeated foes at the hands of the Normans. Castration has also been used in modern conflicts, as the Janjaweed militiamen currently (as of 2005) attacking citizens of the Darfur region in Sudan, often castrating villagers and leaving them to bleed to death. In some countries, the law suggests castrating sex criminals such as hebephilles.

In Europe, when females were not permitted to sing in church or cathedral choirs in the Roman Catholic Church, boys were sometimes castrated to prevent their voices breaking at puberty and to develop a special high voice. The first documents mentioning castrati are Italian church records from the 1550s.





Bullock

Bullock may refer to:


Bureaucracy

Bureaucracy is a concept. It is the structure and rules which control the activities of people that work for large organizations and government. 

It has standardized procedure (rule-following), formal division of responsibility, hierarchy, and impersonal relationships. However, in practice, the interpretation and execution of policy can lead to informal influence.

Bureaucracy is a concept in sociology and political science. Four things are central to any definition of bureaucracy: a well-defined division of work between persons and offices, consistent patterns of recruitment, and stable careers. There is a hierarchy among offices, such that the authority and status are distributed between actors. Formal and informal networks connect people to one another, through flows of information and patterns of cooperation. 

Examples of everyday bureaucracies include governments, armed forces, corporations, hospitals, courts, ministries and schools.


Anzère

Anzère is a small village in the canton of Valais, Switzerland. It is north of Sion. It is a popular ski resort, with several ski schools. 

The ski slopes in Anzère cover about 40 kilometers, with 1 cablecar, 2 chair lifts, and 8 T-bars.
There are several cafes in the area, and the entire area is known as Télé-Anzère. 
Facilities in and around Anzère's 'Place du Village' include both indoor and outdoor swimming pools, two supermarkets, many hotels, bars and nightclubs, as well as many restaurants and clothing shops. The 'Place du Village' is a person area right in the heart of the village, housing most of Anzère's cafes and restaurants. There is also an internet cafe, a crèperie and a children's play area.


Sion, Switzerland

Sion is the capital of the Swiss canton of Valais. In 2002, it had a population of 27,700.

Landmarks include the Basilique de Valère and Château de Tourbillon.

As of 31 December 2005, 28,013 people lived in Sion. It is in the center of the Rhône valley. Sion is the economic and commercial hub of the region and canton.

The older area of the city still stays and is well preserved. As well as the two Château's, a number of other important buildings are there, such as the "Château de la Majorie", the "Hôtel de Ville" and the "Cathédrale Notre-Dame de Sion".

Sion started to develop during the time of the Celts.

It takes its name from the Latin word "Sedunum". It housed the Romans with the rest of the surrounding area in the first century BCE.

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Sion is the oldest bishopric in Switzerland. It is one of the oldest north of the Alps.

On 1 January 2013, the former municipality of Salins merged into the municipality of Sion.

In 2017, Les Agettes became part of the municipality.

The tertiary sector is the main economic sector in Sion. Tourism is also an important sector due to its historic "château's" and museums.

Sion is the third largest wine making region in Switzerland, however, the valuable agricultural land and vineyards are undergoing constant regression due to the process of urbanisation.

Sion has also become an important medical site. The Sion-Region hospital is here next to the central institute of Valaisan hospitals and the "Romande" clinic for physical rehabilitation (SUVA).

Finally, the commune has a waste incinerator which disposes of the waste from 44 surrounding communes. This incinerator has a catalytic converter, something that reduces harmful gases to acceptable levels. The heat created from the burning is converted into electrical energy that is then provided to local communes.

Public airshows have been held at the airfield of Sion. Participating aerobatic teams have included the Frecce Tricolori from Italy was well as the Patrouille de France.

Sion is on the main railway line and the motorway. It also has an airport (Sion Airport).


Brig District

The Brig District is a part of the canton of Valais, Switzerland. It includes the following municipalities:

Monthey

Monthey is the capital of the district of Monthey in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.

As of 2004, Monthey had a population is of 15,118 people ("Montheysans"). Monthey is located on the west side of the Rhône valley, south to Lake Geneva. Monthey is important to Swiss industry, with many important companies including chemical companies. The city is close to the famous winter sports region, the Portes du Soleil.


Sierre

Sierre is the capital of the Sierre district in the Valais canton in Switzerland.

It has a population of 14,355. It is at the language border of the German-speaking upper part of the ""Wallis"" and the French-speaking ""Valais"". This city counts as one of the three official bilingual towns in Switzerland. Sierre is starting point for the tourist sites of the Val d'Anniviers including the villages of Vercorin, Chandolin, St-Luc Vissoie, St-Jean Chandolin, Grimentz, Zinal and Ayer. Sierre is connected with Crans-Montana by a cable car.

At the beginning of the 20th century, Sierre became economically important as very early aluminium smelting was possible because of its access to hydroelectricity.


Brig, Switzerland

Brig is the capital of the district of Brig in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.

The historic town of 5,000 people is part of the Brig-Glis municipality. The name 'Brig' comes from "Briva", or "bridge." Its medieval name was "Briga dives". It is a small town in the Swiss canton of the Valais, at the foot of the northern slope of the Simplon Pass, on the right bank of the Saltine stream, and a little above its junction with the Rhone. Its older houses look very Italian. Its buildings were built during the 17th century, because of a single member of the local Stockalper family.

Brig is close to the Swiss-Italian borders. The language used when talking between one another is a unique German dialect, used only in this canton. Brig is popular among winter sport athletes, since it is surrounded by many Alp summits. The town itself is close to Rhone river. Due to the height, the temperatures in winter often remain below zero, resulting in frost. During the summer season, heat can be intense.

The place of meeting in the town is the train station, which links it to other Swiss cities.

The wealth of Brig is because of the Simplon Pass. The opening of the carriage road across the Simplon (1807) and of the tunnel beneath the pass (1906), as well as the fact that above Brig is the steeper and less fertile portion of the Upper Valais (then much frequented by tourists), greatly increased the importance and size of the town.


Pennine Alps

The Pennine Alps are a mountain range in the western part of the Alps. They are in Switzerland (Valais) and Italy (Piedmont and the Aosta Valley).

They include the following peaks:

Bernese Alps

The Bernese Alps are a group of mountain ranges in the western part of the Alps, in Switzerland. Although the name notes that they are in the Bernese Oberland region of the canton of Bern, some of the Bernese Alps are found in the cantons of Vaud, Fribourg, Valais, Lucerne, Uri, and Nidwalden.

The main peaks of the Bernese Alps are:


Armenian National Committee of America

The Armenian National Committee of America (ANCA) is the largest and most influential Armenian American advocacy organization in the United States. Working in coordination with a network of offices, chapters, and supporters throughout the country and affiliated organizations around the world, the ANCA advances the concerns of the Armenian American community on a broad range of issues.

Beyond the Central offices of ANCA are in Washington DC, Boston and Los Angeles, ANCA has more than fifty local chapters and thousands of activists, it is cooperating with a large web of regional Armenian National Committees (or "Armenian Cause/Hay Tad" Offices) in Armenia, Russia, France, the Middle East, Canada and Australia.

The executive director of ANCA is Aram Hamparian.


Valais

Valais is one of the 26 cantons of Switzerland in the south-western part of the country.

It is near the valley of the Rhone River from its springs to Lake Geneva, that separates Pennine Alps from the Bernese Alps. The canton is one of the drier parts of Switzerland in its central Rhone valley. It is also one of most well-watered parts, having large amounts of snow and rain up on the highest peaks in Switzerland. It is perhaps best known worldwide for the Matterhorn.

The canton of Valais is in the south of Switzerland. To its south is Italy, to the southwest France. To the north the canton there are the Swiss cantons of Vaud and Bern; the cantons of Uri and Ticino lie to its east.

The wide, icy Rhone valley dominates the area. There are many side valleys off the main valley. At the head of the Mattertal valley is Zermatt, a pretty tourist village dominated by views of the Matterhorn (4,478 m). Fifty of the mountains are more than 4,000m high, with the highest, Monte Rosa, that reaches to 4,638m (15,217 ft), and there are many glaciers.

The Rhône drains the main valley from east to west up to Martigny, Switzerland, then in a right angle north to its mouth in the Lake Geneva. After the small town of Saint-Maurice, the northern banks of the river belong to the canton of Vaud. The main valley is between the Bernese Alps in the north and the Pennine Alps in the south. Only about half of the total area is considered productive.

The Romans called the area "Vallis Poenina" (""Upper Rhône Valley"").

In 888, Valais became a part of the kingdom of Jurane Burgundy.

King Rudolph III of Burgundy gave the area to the Bishop of Sion in 999, and made him Count of the Valais. The count-bishops had to defend their area against the dukes of Savoy.

in 1474 was the Battle of Planta, a place near the capitale Sion. The Bishop of Sion and the people of the Sieben Zenden, beat the Duke of Savoy. The Battle of Planta is a part of the Burgundy War. 
After this battle, the bisoph conquired the area until Lake Geneva.

Valais did not follow the Protestant Reformation.

On March 12, 1529, Valais became an associate member ("Zugewandter Ort") of the Swiss Confederation.

In 1628 the Valais became a republic, the "République des Sept Dizains / Republik der Sieben Zenden" but the bishop remained in power until Napoleon's troops invaded the Valais and created the "République du Valais" on March 16, 1798 but on May 1, 1798, the Valais became part of the Helvetic Republic and became independent again in 1802 as the "Rhodanic Republic".

In 1810, the Rhodanic Republic was made a part of France, and was called the Simplon Department.

Valais became independent again in 1813 and on August 4, 1815 decided to join the Swiss confederation as a canton (state).

In 1845, the Valais joined the Catholic separatist league ("Sonderbund"), but never fought federal troops when other members of the league started fighting in 1847.

Wine production and tourism are some of the main industries of the canton. The Matterhorn near Zermatt is one of the biggest tourist attractions in the Swiss mountains, as is its sister valley immediately east Saas Fee. Other parts of the mountains of the canton farther west are popular as well, such as the more French speaking resorts near Verbier and the Evolene & Arolla region. The resorts on the north side of the main Rhone river valley are popular, looking out southwards towards the Peninne Alps and still part of the southern slope of the Bernese Alps, such as the family oriented resort of Crans-Montana. The resorts in the Goms region are slightly less known, yet also receive attention during the summer hiking season and the winter ski season.

Apart from tourism, agriculture is still important, particularly cattle breeding in the mountains and dairy farming in the plains. The wine industry of the canton is the largest in Switzerland. There are also a large number orchards in the area, and saffron is also gathered here.

The most industrial western region of the canton is called Chablais. The area is very important for the economy. There are a lot of factories, the most important are the subsidiaries of Novartis and Syngenta, in Monthey. In the town of Collombey, there is an oil refinery.
Near Visp there is a large plant of aluminium manufacturing. Other metal products and chemicals are produced around Visp and Sierre.

Despite the thriving tourist industry, high level of infrastructure, and the many vineyards, canton Valais is still one of the poorest of the Swiss cantons, and not near the rich banking/financial cantons. A large portion of the canton's land and houses are now owned by foreigners.

A small airport is at Sion, but the main routes of transport are rail and road. Both networks are large and benefit from tourism. Many of the road passes are well known, such as the Grimsel Pass. The longest land tunnel in the world, the Lötschberg Base Tunnel, will soon be working, in late 2007 perhaps, connecting by rail the town of Frutigen in canton Bern, with the town of Visp in canton Valais/Wallis. This is to better spread car traffic in the highly scenic Kandertal, and also to provide faster transport through the Bernese Alps from the populous Mittelland in the north to the southern canton of Valais. Cars may be loaded onto the trains as freight.

Valais is mostly French speaking. The eastern part of the canton Upper Valais, however, speaks Walliser German. The French speaking population makes up a two-thirds of the population.

The people of the canton are spread thinly. The largest towns are the capitals Sion ("Sitten"), Sierre and Brig. There is no major city in the canton. Most of the population is Roman Catholic.


The following are the cities of the canton, by district.



Conthey District

Conthey is a district in the canton of Valais, Switzerland. It contains the following municipalities:

Martigny, Switzerland

Martigny is the capital city of the French-speaking district of Martigny in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.

It is 495 meters high. It has a population of about 15,000 people. Martigny is at the joining of Italy, France and Switzerland, one road linking this town over the Great St. Bernard Pass to Aosta (Italy), and the other one, over the col de la Forclaz to Chamonix (France). In winter, Martigny is appreciated for its nearby ski resorts like Verbier.

In the first century BCE, present-day Martigny was an oppidum or vicus of a Celtic tribe, the Veragri. It was then called Octodurus or Octodurum. When Julius Caesar was in Gaul (57-56 BCE), he sent Servius Galba with the twelfth legion and some cavalry into the country of the Nantuates, Veragri, and Seduni. His purpose in sending this force was to open the pass over the Alps, the pass of the Great St. Bernard, by which road the "mercatores" had been used to travel at great risk, and with the payment of great tolls. ("B. G." iii. 1.) The people of the Alps allowed the Italian merchants to pass, because if they plundered them the merchants would not come; but they got as much out of them as they could. Galba, after taking many strong places, and receiving the submission of the people, sent off two cohorts into the country of the Nantuates, and with the remaining cohorts determined to winter in Octodurus, which was in a valley with no great extent of level ground near it, confined on all sides by very lofty mountains. There is some level ground at Martigny, and the valley of the Rhone at this part is not very narrow. Caesar says that the town of Octodurus was divided into parts by a river, but he does not mention the river's name. It is the Dranse. Galba gave one part of the town to the Galli to winter in, and assigned the other to his troops. He fortified himself with a ditch and rampart, and thought he was safe. He was, however, suddenly attacked by the Galli before his defences were complete or all his supplies were brought into the camp. Thus began the Battle of Octodurus. The Romans obstinately defended themselves in a six hours' fight; when, seeing that they could no longer keep the enemy out, they made a sortie, which was successful. The Romans estimated the Galli at more than 30,000, and Caesar says that more than a third part were destroyed. The slaughter of the enemy was prodigious, which has been made an objection to Caesar's veracity, or to Galba's, who made his report to the commander. It has also been objected that the valley is not wide enough at Martigny to hold the 30,000 men. There may be error in the number that attacked, and also in the number who died. After this escape Galba prudently withdrew his troops, and marching through the country of the Nantuates reached the land of the Allobroges, where he wintered.

The region joined the Roman Empire. In 47, Emperor Claudius founded Forum Claudii Augusti, later renamed Forum Claudii Vallensium to avoid confusion with another city that was dear to him. Octodurus was the principal town of the area until the displacement of the episcopal see to Sion in the 4th century. Pliny (iii. c. 20) says that the Octodurenses received the "Latinitas" ("Latio donati"). The town appears in the Antonine Itinerary and in the Tabula Peutingeriana. In the "Notit. Prov.", the place is called Civitas Vallensium Octodurus. At a later period it was called Forum Claudii Vallensium Octodurensium, as an inscription shows. One authority speaks of the remains of a Roman aqueduct at Martigny. Many coins, and other memorials of the Roman time, have been found about the place.

The name "Octodur" is Celtic. The second part of the name is "Dur", water. The first part, probably some corrupt form, is not explained. The town sat on the Roman road from Augusta Praetoria (modern Aosta) in Italy.

On 1 January 2021, Charrat became a part of Martigny.

The Romans left many ruins. The city is known for the amphitheatre, which was restored in 1978. Cow fights are held in the amphitheatre during early autumn for the "Comptoir". The city is also famous for its museum, the Pierre Gianadda Foundation, built on top of Roman ruins.

The area has some apricot orchards, and vines on steep slopes.



Mattertal

Mattertal is a valley in the Alps of Switzerland which begins on the side of the Matterhorn. The "Matterhorn" is one of the most famous mountains in the world because of its beauty, and because it is hard to climb. 

The "Mattertal" is a valley that was made by a glacier (a slowly-moving river of ice) moving down from the mountain. This can be seen from the deep U shape of the valley. (Valleys made by a fast-running stream are V-shaped). Because the sides of the valley are very steep, there are often landslides. One can be seen in the photo taken near Randa village. Many houses in the villages are called chalets. These can be seen in the picture of Täsch village.

In the Mattertal are villages which include Zermatt, Täsch, Randa, Grächen, and St. Niklaus. Many tourists like to stay in the villages to see the view, to go walking, skiing or mountain climbing. The traditional work of the people is dairy farming, but many people work in the tourist industry. 

Zermatt

Zermatt is a municipality in the district of Visp in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.

It is found to the north of the Matterhorn in the German-speaking and mostly Roman Catholic section of the canton, near the Italian border.

Zermatt has a local population of 5,500 people, but the actual population changes through the seasons as tourists come and go.

Zermatt is a famed ski resort and is a tourist destination. Until the mid-1800s, it was mostly a farming community; its name, as well as that of the Matterhorn itself, derives from the alpine meadows, or "matten", in the valley. In the German language, the town is "Zur Matte", or "in the meadow."

The town was "discovered" mid-century by British mountaineers, most notably Edward Whymper, whose conquest of the Matterhorn made the village famous worldwide.

Zermatt is a closed village, which means that non-Swiss nationals are not permitted to buy property within the area. May is the worst time to visit this city, as most of the streets are muddy.

Zermatt is a good place to start many hikes into the surrounding mountains, such as the Haute Route that ultimately leads to Chamonix in France. A complex of cable cars and chair lifts carry skiers in the winter and hikers in the summer; the highest of them leads to the Klein Matterhorn, a small outcropping on the ridge between Breithorn and Matterhorn that offers cool views in all directions. It is possible to cross into Italy via the Cervinia cable car station.

Any automobile that uses an engine is not allowed in Zermatt because of concerns for air pollution. Electric vehicles are allowed for local commerces. The Cantonal police allow some people to park in the northern section of this city. Some emergency vehicles (firetrucks, ambulance..) are also allowed to use combustion engines.

Most people reach Zermatt by train or cable car. Trains also leave for Zermatt from Visp and Brig.

Zermatt is well known throughout the world for its great skiing, especially Triftji for its moguls. The high altitude results in consistent skiing continuously up until the summer.
Skiing in Zermatt is split up into four distinct areas; Sunnegga, Gornegrat, Klein Matterhorn and Schwarzsee. There is also a connection to Cervinia and Valtournenche in Italy. 
Trail Map.


Ajax the Lesser

Ajax the Lesser (Ancient Greek: Αἴας) was a Greek hero from the Trojan War, who was the son of Oïleus.


Post-nominal letters

Post-nominal letters are letters after a person's name. They are used most in the United Kingdom and other Commonwealth realms to show that the person has a certain:

Academic degrees (qualifications from a university) can also be shown as postnominal letters, as can military awards (medals and decorations)

Corvidae

The Corvidae are the crow family. They are all passerines, but unusually they do not have musical voices. They are intelligent. 

There are over 120 species in the family. The word 'crow' is also used to describe birds in the genus "Corvus". This genus includes the crows, jackdaws and ravens.

Crows are found on every continent except for the southern area of South America and Antarctica. Most crows are found in South America, Central America, Europe and Asia. There are 10 species each in Africa, Australia and North America.

A group of crows is called a "murder" and, indeed, they are distinctly carnivorous.

Most members of the crow family are black, such as crows, rooks, choughs, ravens and jackdaws. However, not all crows are black. Magpies and treepies can be black and white, or blue and green, or brown. Jays are often blue and white.

Crows are some of the most intelligent birds in the world. Crows and rooks are good at using tools, for example sticks or twigs. Magpies can see themselves in a mirror and they understand that it is a reflection. Many crows live near to humans in towns and cities. Some crows (such as treepies) live in forests. They are more shy than the crows that live in cities.

Some crows in North America, Europe and northern Asia migrate. This means they travel to different places in summer or winter. Most crows are resident birds. This means they live in the same place all year round.

Many crows live in large groups. For example, many rooks nest together in large groups at the top of trees. This is called a rookery. Crows in big groups are often noisy. However, when it is the breeding season (this means when birds nest and have babies), crows can become angry and will scare off other crows.

Crows eat a variety of food. They will eat fledglings (baby birds) and eggs from nests, small animals (mice and rats), carrion (dead animals), vegetables and garbage. for much of the year, crows and rooks dig into grassland with their strong beaks, and eat various kinds of insect grubs and worms. Because they may attack the nest of other birds, crows may get mobbed by other species. This is when the defending birds group together to chase off the crow. Also, on farms, crows will eat vegetables and seeds. Farmers do not want this to happen so they make a scarecrow. This is an object made of straw and old clothes. It looks like a man and it may scare the crows away.

Crows make their nests in tall trees. They make the nest from large sticks. They usually lay 3–8 eggs. Both parents look after the fledglings.

The family includes:

Visp

Visp is the capital city of the district of Visp in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.

It has a population of about 7,000 people. The two valleys are Mattertal and Saastal. It borders Brig-Glis.

Most of the people speak German.
It has a chemical business named LONZA AG. There are also several smaller businesses.

In 2007, Visp will become a junction of the Neue Eisenbahn-Alpentransversale or NEAT, connecting with many other rail-lines.

The bus and the train station of Visp and Brig is the starting point for many outdoor activities, trips, and tours in the surrounding mountain resorts of Zermatt and Saas-Fee.


Saint-Maurice, Switzerland

Saint-Maurice is the capital of the district of Saint-Maurice in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2013, the former municipality of Mex (VS) merged into the municipality of Saint-Maurice.

It is the site of the Roman outpost of Agaunum and the old Abby of Saint-Maurice, which has become a famous high school in Switzerland ("Collège de Saint-Maurice").

It is not St. Moritz, a ski resort in the east part of Switzerland.


Conthey

Conthey is the capital of the district of Conthey in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.


Entremont District

Entremont is a district in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.

It has the following cities:


Santeri Palin

Santeri Palin (also known as Incánus) (born September 15, 1983, Nokia, Finland.) is a Finnish poet who writes poems in Finnish and English. His first book "Elämän kolmio kuoleman syklissä – ajatuksia reunalta" ("The Triangle of Life in the Cycle of Death – Thoughts from the Edge") came out in 2006.

Palin is a fan of J. R. R. Tolkien and currently he is the president of "Kontu Internet Community" (or "Verkkoyhteisö Kontu ry" in Finnish) and the vice president of the "Finnish Tolkien Society", which are Finnish Tolkien related communities.


Sembrancher

Sembrancher is the capital of the district of Entremont in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.

A small scenic village of around 500 residents in the Bagnes Valley, it is close to the Verbier ski resort.

Münster-Geschinen

Münster-Geschinen is the capital city of the district of Goms in the canton of Valais in Switzerland. On 1 January 2004, the former municipalities of Münster and Geschinen merged into the new municipality of Münster-Geschinen and On 1 January 2017, the former municipalities of Münster-Geschinen, Blitzingen, Grafschaft, Niederwald and Reckingen-Gluringen merged into the new municipality of Goms.

Microbiotheria

Microbiotheria are a small order of marsupial mammals with only one living species, the Monito del Monte (Spanish for 'little mountain monkey').

It is the only New World representative of the superorder Australidelphia; all other New World marsupials are part of the Ameridelphia.

The species is nocturnal and arboreal, and lives in thickets of Chilean bamboo in the temperate rain forests of the southern Andes. It eats mainly insects and other small invertebrates, supplemented with fruit.

At one time, they were placed in the order Didelphimorphia, the opossums, but due to many morphological differences, they were placed in another order. The skull's shape is strange, with many technical differences from the opossums.

It has long been suspected that South American marsupials were ancestral to those of Australia. The two continents were connected via Antarctica in the early Cainozoic era.

Australia’s earliest known marsupial is "Djarthia", a primitive mouse-like animal that lived about 55 million years ago. "Djarthia" had been identified as the earliest known australidelphian, and this research suggested that the Monito del Monte was the last of a clade which included "Djarthia".

In 2010, analysis of retrotransposon insertion sites in the nuclear DNA of marsupials confirmed the placement of the Monito del Monte in Australidelphia. It also showed its position as the most basal of that superorder.

The study also confirmed that the most basal of all marsupial orders are the other two South American lineages (Didelphimorphia and Paucituberculata, with the former probably branching first). This indicates that Australidelphia arose in South America (with the ancestors of all other living marsupials), and probably reached Australia in a single dispersal event after Microbiotheria split off (originated).

Dasyuromorphia

Dasyuromorphia are fair-sized order of some of the more unusual carnivorous or insectivorous marsupials. They vary in appearance, from rodent-like to shrew-like to cat-like to dog-like. This order includes the ever-famous Tasmanian devil. In this order, most of the marsupials have a pouch on the belly. However, some of the broad-footed marsupial mice have only folds of skin instead of true pouches, and the numbat lacks a pouch entirely. There are 63 species in 3 families, although one of the families is probably extinct:


Goat Rock Beach

Goat Rock Beach is a beach in Sonoma County, California, United States.
It is part of the Sonoma Coast State Beach, which is owned by the State of California. The mouth of the Russian River is in the northern part of the beach. Goat Rock is in the southern part of the beach. The beach itself was named after the rock. The naming of Goat Rock is unknown, but many sources say some goat herders around the early 20th century used the grassy, flat rock for goats, because few other animals could live there.

Goat Rock Beach has many visitors. It usually has the most people in the middle of summer. The beach is a popular spot for swimming and surfing. It is home to seagulls, harbor seals, and sea lions, as well as other animals from the Pacific Ocean.

The oldest natural history of the area is related to marks made by mammals in an area of rock about one third of a mile south of Goat Rock Beach. In uplifted sea stack formations, there are rubbing marks about two to four meters above the ground surface, too high of a rubbing mark for modern bovids. Mammoths are thought to have traveled here as recently as 40,000 years ago, and are thought to have made these rubbing marks. Mammoth fossils have been found at Bodega Head, which is a few miles south of Goat Rock Beach.

The earliest known humans to settle at Goat Rock Beach were the Native American Coast Miwok and Pomo tribes. During the mid-1800s, Mexican ranchers lived in California, and Goat Rock Beach was part of a Mexican land grant called the "Bodega Rancho". The Russians are thought to have begun cutting down the forests just north of the beach in the early 19th century.

The Russian River, which has its mouth at the north end of Goat Rock Beach, is Sonoma County's biggest watercourse and river. Just north of the Russian River mouth is the small town of Jenner, and the beach, Jenner Beach. Goat Rock is at the south end of the beach. Visitors can walk onto Goat Rock, going on a small "isthmus", which is also known as a land bridge. Blind Beach is just south of Goat Rock Beach, with only Goat Rock between the two beaches, and Goat Beach is southwest of it.

Goat Rock Beach has much marine erosion and erosion from the wind. This causes about one to three feet of land mass lost each year. "Erosion" is when water and wind remove the top layer of rock or mud. During big storms, there can be even more erosion. 

The "sea stacks" (eroded parts of rock) along the Goat Rock Beach coast are rocks from the Franciscan Complex, rock formations which were made during earthquakes in California. About 200 years to 30 million years ago, the North American Plate collided with the Farallon Plate, causing earthquakes. Different rock types came from these collisions, including pillow basalt, chert, and sandstone. Goat Rock has a flat topped sea stack, made of greywacke. The rock "formations" (groups) are made of sandstone with layers of quartz.



Sea lion

Sea lions are several pinnipeds from the family Otariidae (eared seals). They live all around the world, except in the Atlantic Ocean.

Male sea lions have thick fur around the face and neck, which sometimes looks like a lion's mane. That's how they got the name "sea lion". Some, like the Steller sea lion, can actually roar! Of course, these pinnipeds are not really lions at all, but they are mammals. Like lions, they have fur, breathe air, give birth to live young, and feed milk to their young. They also eat meat, though sea lions eat the meat of fishes, squids, and sea birds instead of land animals. Sea lions are also fierce fighters, just like lions.

The pinniped species called "sea lion" are: 

Greywacke

Greywacke is a type of sandstone. It is hard, and dark in color. It has different sized grains of quartz, feldspar, and small rock fragments set in a compact, fine clay matrix. It is mostly found in Palaeozoic strata. The larger grains can be sand-to-gravel-sized, and matrix materials make up more than 15% of the rock by volume. 

The origin of greywacke was a problem. Gravel, sand and mud should not be laid down together, because river outflow drops heavier grains first. Now geologists think greywacke is formed by submarine avalanches or strong turbidity currents. These actions churn sediment and cause mixed-sediment slurries to occur. When this happens, the resulting rocks show various sedimentary features. Support for the turbidity current origin is the fact that deposits of greywacke are found on the edges of the continental shelves, at the bottoms of oceanic trenches, and at the bases of mountain formational areas. It also occurs in association with black shales of deep sea origin.

Carmina Burana

Carmina Burana is the name given to a collection of texts from the 11th and 12th century. There are over 240 texts in the collection, most of them written in Latin, some in Middle High German. Most of the texts are moral or satirical in nature. There are also texts about spring, or about love. Some of them are drinking songs, some of them were used as Minnesang. Some of the songs contain hints for the melodies. For some, the melodies can be reconstructed.

The texts were written down around 1230. This happened either in an abbey in Styria, or near Brixen. They were discovered by Johann Christoph von Aretin in Benediktbeuern Abbey in 1803. Today, they are in the Bavarian State Library in Munich. There they can be found there as Codex Buranus, with the signature clm 4660/4660a.

Johann Andreas Schmeller edited them and published them as "Carmina Burana – Lieder aus Benediktbeuern". 

Carl Orff took 24 of them as "Carmina Burana". He wrote the music for them. The work was first performed in 1937 in the Opera house in Frankfurt am Main. Together with his works "Catulli Carmina" and "Trionfo di Afrodite" he made a work containing all three, called "Trionfi". Trionfi is performed much less than the Carmina Burana alone, though.



Vex, Switzerland

Vex is the capital city of the district of Hérens in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.

Dasyuridae

Dasyuridae is a family of marsupial carnivores. It has nearly all non-extinct members of the order "Dasyuromorphia". This means the quolls, phascogales, antechinuses, dunnarts, planigales, and Tasmanian devil (about 55 species in all).


Mohammed Zahir Shah

Mohammed Zahir Shah (16 October 1914 – 23 July 2007) was the last King ("Shah") of Afghanistan. He ruled for four decades, from 1933 to 1973.

Mohammed Zahir Shah became king of Afghanistan at the age of nineteen after the assassination of his father in November 1933. Since he was so young, his uncle, "Shah Mahmood Khan" ran the government. Mohammed Zahir Shah took control and was able to keep Afghanistan’s neutral position in international politics.

In July 17, 1973, Mohammed Zahir Shah was no longer king after a bloodless coup. He died on .

Thurgau

Thurgau is a northeast canton of Switzerland. The population is 228,200 (2003). The capital is Frauenfeld.

To the north of Thurgau is Lake Constance, across which are Germany and Austria. The river Rhine makes the border in the northwest. To the south is the Canton of St. Gallen; to the west are the cantons of Zürich and Schaffhausen.

The area of the canton is 991 km and is usually divided into three hilly areas. One of these is along Lake Constance to the north. Another is inland between the rivers Thur and Murg. The third one makes the southern border of the canton and comes together with the Hörnli mountain in the pre-Alps.

In prehistoric times the lands of the canton were inhabited by people of the Pfyn culture along the lake. During Roman times the canton was part of the province "Raetia" until in 450 the lands were settled by the Alamanni. It was only in the 8th century that the canton became a political unit similar to what it is known today, as a Gau of the Frankish Empire. At the time, however, the area was not so clearly defined and changed frequently. Overall, the size of the Thurgau was larger, but during the Middle Ages the canton became smaller in size. The dukes of Zähringen and the counts of Kyburg took over much of the land.
The town of Zürich was part of the Thurgau until it became "reichsunmittelbar" in 1218. When the Kyburg dynasty became extinct in 1264 the Habsburgs took over that land. The Swiss confederation allied with ten freed bailiwicks of the former Toggenburg seized the lands of the Thurgau from the Habsburgs in 1460, and it became subject territory of Zürich.

In 1798 the land became a canton for the first time as part of the Helvetic Republic. In 1803 the canton of Thurgau became a member of the Swiss confederation. The current cantonal constitution dates from 1987.

The canton of Thurgau is known for farm produce such as apples, pears, and other fruits and vegetables. The many orchards in the canton are used for the making of cider. Wine is produced in the Thur valley.

There is also industry in the canton of Thurgau. The main industries are printing, clothing and arts and crafts. Small and middle-sized businesses are important for the economy. Many of these are concentrated around the capital.

The population is mostly German speaking. Most of the population are Protestants with the rest being Roman Catholics.

The Canton of Thurgau is divided into eight districts, and each is named after its capital:


There are 80 municipalities in the canton (as of April 2004):


Graubünden

The Grisons or Graubünden, more formally the canton of the Grisons or the canton of Graubünden, is the biggest and is farthest to the east of the cantons of Switzerland. The name means "Gray Union" in German and the canton lies entirely in the Alps. In Switzerland it hosts the biggest number of tourists each year.

The area of the canton is 7,105 km². Only one third of this land is used for farming. Forests cover 20% of the total area. The canton has many mountains that make up the highlands of the Rhine and Inn river valleys. Many of its scenic areas are part of the Swiss National Park or the Ela Nature Park.

There are many important peaks in the Grison Alps, including the Tödi at 3,614 meters and the highest peak Piz Bernina at 4,049 meters. Many of the mountain ranges feature huge glaciers, such as at the Adula, the Albula, the Silvretta, the Bernina, the Bregaglia and the Rätikon ranges. The mountain ranges in the central area contain many of the deepest vallies in Switzerland.

The canton borders Liechtenstein to the north, Austria to the north and the east, Italy to the south, and the cantons of St. Gallen to the northwest; Glarus and the canton of Uri to the west, and Ticino to the southwest. The capital city is Chur. Davos and St. Moritz are world-famous resorts and can be found in this area.

Most of the lands of the canton were once part of a Roman province called "Raetia" that was established in 15 BC. The area later was part of the lands of the diocese at Chur.

In 1367 the League of God's House was founded against the power of the Bishop of Chur. This was followed by the making of the Grey League, sometimes called "Oberbund", in 1395 in the Upper Rhine valley. The name "Grey League" is derived from the homespun grey clothes worn by the people. The name of this league later gave its name to the canton of Graubünden.

The first step towards the naming of the canton into Graubünden was when the league of the Ten Jurisdictions allied with the League of God's House in 1450. In 1471, the two leagues aligned with the Grey League. This meant that the leagues allied with the Swiss Confederation. The Habsburgs were defeated at Calven Gorge and Dornach, helping the Swiss confederation and the allied leagues of the canton of Grisons to be recognized.

The last traces of the bishop of Chur's jurisdiction were abolished in 1526. The Musso war of the 1520 drove the Three Leagues closer to the Swiss Confederacy. The lands of the canton of Graubünden were part of the Helvetic Republic, but the "perpetual ally" of Switzerland became a canton in 1803. The constitution of the canton dates from 1892.

The arms of the three original leagues are now all part of the coat of arms of the canton.

Private cars were only allowed in the canton of Graubünden after several votings in 1926.

The Graubünden are known for a dried-beef delicacy called Bündnerfleisch and for a nut and honey pie known as Bündner Nusstorte. Another specialty, made mostly in the western part of Grison, is Capuns, a filling meal of pasta and a little bit of meat, rolled into Chard leaves, eventually baked like a gratin with cheese.

Agriculture and tourism make up most of the canton's economy. Agriculture combines forests and mountain pasturage in summer, mostly beef but also sheep and goats. Tourism is all around the canton, mainly around the towns of Davos/Arosa, Flims and St. Moritz/Pontresina, which are important in both winter and summer. There are many other resorts people visiting the country can go to in the canton.

There is wine production around the capital Chur. Chur is also the center of industry. In the southern valleys of Mesolcina/Misox and Poschiavo there is corn (maize) and chestnut farming.

The languages spoken in Graubünden are German in the northwest, Romansh in the Engadin and around Disentis/Mustér), and Standard Italian in the valleys Mesolcina/Misox, Calanca, Val Bregaglia, and Poschiavo.

The main religions are Protestantism and Catholicism. Both are well-represented in the canton, with Roman Catholics forming a slight majority.

Graubünden is divided into 11 districts:

There are 209 municipalities in Graubünden (as of April 2004):


Nidwalden

Nidwalden is a canton of Switzerland. It is in the center of Switzerland. The population is 38,600 (in 2001). The capital is Stans.

Nidwalden is in the center of Switzerland. To the north is Lake Lucerne. Mountain ranges block in the rest of the canton on the other sides.

In 1291 the people of Nidwalden joined Uri and Schwyz to form an alliance. At the time there was no state, but towards the end of the 14th century early forms of government were established. This included institutionalized assemblies and courts. In the 14th and 15th century the people of Nidwalden joined the people of Obwalden to discuss important matters, but the two cantons were never really one. For example, Obwalden did not participate in the annexation of Bellinzona, Riviera and Blenio areas (today in the canton of Ticino).

Around 1500 many people in Nidwalden worked as mercenary soldiers. Many of these soldiers later emigrated. This helped to lessen the pressure of a growing population. A popular destination was the Alsace. After rejecting a new constitution by Napoleon — the ideas of the French Revolution were not popular in this agricultural area — Nidwalden was attacked by French troops on 9 September 1798. Random destruction was caused and at least 400 people were killed. After the end of Napoleon's rule in 1814 most of the changes were reverted. Only in 1877 did Nidwalden introduce a new constitution. The open assembly ("Landsgemeinde") was abolished in 1997.
The government is composed of seven members. The local parliament has 60 seats. Nidwalden sends only one deputy to the Swiss Council of States.

Up to the 1900s, Nidwalden was mostly agriculture. Cattle and cheese were exported mainly to northern Italy. 

From the middle of the 19th century onwards, trade, industry and tourism grew. Today, many small and middle-sized businesses fill the economy. The largest employer is the airplane constructor Pilatus. The small and middle-sized businesses work in a lot of areas. Many work in machine construction, medical equipment, international trade, optics and electronics.

Forestry and agriculture are still important. Most farming is done with cattle and dairy products. Family farms are still common in Nidwalden today.

Nidwalden is becoming an increasingly popular place to live and work. This is caused by its low taxes, its central location between Zürich and Milan, and the pretty countryside.

Because of the mountainous geography, tourism is important to Nidwalden. The lake and mountains attract many tourists around the year.

Many local charities have kept local traditions intact. There is traditional music, yodeling, dances, theaters and festivals. There are a number of modern cultural events, such as concerts and galleries.

There are eleven municipalities: 


Schaffhausen

Schaffhausen is a town in northern Switzerland and the capital of the canton of the same name. It has a population of about 36,000 as 2016.

The old portion of the town has many fine Renaissance era buildings decorated with exterior frescos and sculpture, as well as the impressive old canton fortress, the "Munot". A train runs out of town to the nearby Rhine Falls in Neuhausen am Rheinfall, Europe's largest waterfall, a tourist attraction.

Schaffhausen was a city state in the Middle Ages, documented to have struck its own coins starting in 1045. For a time it was under Habsburg domination, but regained its independence in 1415. It allied itself with Zürich in 1457, and became a full member of the Swiss Confederation in 1501. The first railroad came to Schaffhausen in 1857.

Schaffhausen is in a finger of Swiss land surrounded on three sides by Germany. On April 1, 1944, Schaffhausen suffered a bombing raid by United States Army Air Forces aircraft which strayed from German airspace into neutral Switzerland. While the United States immediately offered four million dollars in reparations, the raid occurred only a month after the Swiss Air Force had shot down an American bomber.

In 1947 it merged with the former municipality of Buchthalen. In 1964 it merged with the former municipality of Herblingen. Since 2009, Hemmental has been part of the town.

Schaffhausen has some well-known industrial companies (Georg Fischer) in piping systems, machine tools and automotives, one internationally-reputed watches manufacturer (IWC), and drug industry (Cilag, founded by Bernhard Joos).


Obwalden

Obwalden is a canton of Switzerland. It is in the centre of Switzerland. As of 2004, 33,300 people lived there. Its capital is Sarnen.

Lakes in the canton include: parts of Lake Lucerne, Lake Sarnen, Lungerersee, Wichelsee, Tannensee and Melchsee.

There are seven municipalities: Sarnen, Kerns, Sachseln, Alpnach, Giswil, Lungern and Engelberg.


Canton of Jura

The canton of Jura is one of the Cantons of Switzerland. It is the newest of the 26 Swiss cantons and is in the northwestern part of Switzerland. It was created in 1979 from some of the French-speaking parts of the Canton of Bern. The capital is Delémont. It borders the cantons of Basel-Landschaft, Solothurn, Bern and Neuchâtel and the French department of Jura.

It includes parts of the Jura mountains in the south and the Jura plateau in the north. The Jura plateau is hilly and almost entirely limestone.

To the north and the west of Jura is France. The canton of Solothurn and Basel-Landschaft are east of Jura, while the canton of Bern is south of Jura. The River Doubs and the river Birs drain the lands.

The king of Burgundy donated much of the land that today makes up Canton Jura to the Bishop of Basel in 999. The area was a sovereign state within the Holy Roman Empire for more than 800 years. After the Treaty of Westphalia in 1648 the Jura had close ties with the Swiss Confederation. In the Congress of Vienna the Jura was given to the Canton Bern. This act caused dissension. The Jura was French-speaking and Roman Catholic, whereas the canton of Bern was mostly German-speaking and Protestant. The people of the Jura region called for independence. After a long struggle, a constitution was accepted in 1977. In 1978 the split was made official when the Swiss people voted in favour of it, and in 1979 the Jura joined the Swiss Confederation as a full member. However, the southern part of the Jura region, which is also predominantly French-speaking but has a Protestant majority, opted not to join the newly formed canton, and instead remained part of Bern. This area is now known as Bernese Jura. The word Jura, therefore, may refer either to Canton Jura, or to the combined territory of Canton Jura and Bernese Jura.

On creation, the canton adopted the title Republic and Canton of the Jura. Other cantons in Switzerland using the title "Republic and Canton" are Ticino, Canton Geneva, and Canton Neuchâtel. In each case the title asserts the autonomy of the canton and its nominal sovereignty within the Swiss Confederation.

Agriculture is important in Canton Jura. Cattle breeding is significant and there is also horse breeding. The main industries are watches, clothing and tobacco. There are a growing number of small and middle-sized businesses.

The people are almost all French-speaking. The majority is Roman Catholic.

Jura is divided into 3 districts:


This is a list of the canton's 83 municipalities by district.




French Community

The French Community () was the body which replaced the French Union in 1958. Under the 1958 Constitution, member territories, former French colonies, had a lot of independence, but France controlled the currency, defence, foreign affairs and national security.

When the Community was established, French President de Gaulle said that any country in the French Community could move to complete independence. Apart from Guinea, which chose by referendum in 1958 not to join the Community, all French-ruled territories in sub-Saharan Africa joined the French Community. They obtained independence in 1960.



Usury

Usury is lending money for interest. Nowadays it usually means lending at a high, often extortionate rate of interest on a loan.

Usury is illegal in many parts of the world. In muslim countries charging any interest at all is strictly illegal.

Some people argue that this is against the Old Testament, especially Exodus and Deuteronomy which states that those who lend to someone in need will be blessed, but the point about usury is the high levels of interest, not the act of lending in itself.

Aristotle also condemned usury as "contrary to nature" in his book on Politics, because it increases by itself and makes money without labour.

John Bates

John Lewis Bates (September 18, 1859–June 8, 1946) was born in Massachusetts.

He was a Republican, and was a member of the Massachusetts House of Representatives from 1894 to 1899; from 1897 to 1899 he was Speaker of the House. From 1900 to 1903 he was Lieutenant Governor of Massachusetts.

In 1902, Bates was elected Governor, holding office from 1903 to 1905. Bates then retired to his private law practice in Boston. From 1917 to 1919 Bates was a delegate to the Massachusetts Constitutional Convention.

Bates was a member of the American Bar Association, the Freemasons, the Odd Fellows, and Beta Theta Pi.


Acoustic music

Acoustic music is music which is played by using acoustic musical instruments, i.e. instruments in which the sound is not made louder by electronic amplification. Before electronic musical instruments were created in the 20th century all instruments were acoustic.

Classical music is usually played using only acoustic musical instruments, although some 20th-century composers such as Karlheinz Stockhausen used electronic instruments, sometimes together with acoustic instruments.

Mandolin

The mandolin is a musical instrument, which literally means, a small soprano member of the lute family. It is played by hitting its strings and sounds similar in tone of a violin or a hammered dulcimer. The most common type of mandolin, which was first designed in Naples, has eight strings. It has a body made of wood and a fingerboard which has frets.

Bluegrass music

Bluegrass music is a form of American roots music. It has its own roots in Irish, Scottish and English traditional music. It is usually played using acoustic musical instruments, and electronic musical instruments are rarely used in bluegrass music. Traditional instruments used include the banjo, mandolin, fiddle, guitar and bass. Other instruments such as the dobro are also used.

There are many accomplished bluegrass artists including Bela Fleck, Tony Rice, Alison Krauss, Laurie Lewis, Sam Bush, Bill Monroe, and Earl Scruggs. There are many organizations devoted to this music such as the International Bluegrass Music Association (IBMA).

Many festivals are held around the country where professionals perform, amateurs gather to play, and workshops are given.

Billboard charts

"Billboard" charts are charts published by "Billboard" magazine. They have information about the popularity of music songs, bands and singers. The Billboard Hot 100 is the most popular chart. It appears every week in the United States. It uses information from radio play and sales to say the most popular song each week.

Leuk

Leuk (French Loèche) is a municipality of Switzerland and is the capital city of the district of Leuk in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.

Since it controls access to the Gemmipass, it had some importance from the time of Roman Raetia. The Leukerbad hot baths are just North of Leuk, towards the pass.

Loèche houses the installations of Onyx, the Swiss interception system for electronic intelligence gathering.

On 1 January 2013, the former municipality of Erschmatt merged into the municipality of Leuk.


Raron

Raron is the capital city of the district of Raron in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.


Goms District

Goms is a district of the canton of Valais in Switzerland.

It includes the following municipalities:


Shavo Odadjian

Shavo Odadjian () (born April 22 1974, Yerevan, Armenia as Shavarsh Odadjian) is the bassist for the Armenian American-based alternative metal band, System of a Down. He also scored summer blockbuster hit, "Babylon, A.D." alongside with The Rza and Hans Zimmer. He is a multi-instrumentalist, painter, DJ, and director.

In his youth, Shavo used to spend his time skateboarding and listening to punk rock and heavy metal music. He started managing the band "Soil" with Malakian and Tankian in 1993 after meeting them in a recording studio. In 1995, Shavo became the permanent bassist of the band. They then named themselves "System of a Down" after a poem titled "Victims of a Down" authored by bandmate Daron Malakian.

Odadjian is a popular DJ in the LA area met by "Dj Tatic", taking part in such events as the "Rock/DJ Explosion" on March 2 2001 at The Roxy in Hollywood and collaborating with bandmate Tankian on SerArt, the singer's side project with Armenian musician Arto Tunçboyacıyan.





Aspartame

Aspartame (also known as E951 or NutraSweet) is an artificial sweetener. It was discovered in 1965 by James M. Schlatter. It can be used to replace some kinds of sugar. It is not based on sugars. It is not like saccharin. 


Saccharin

Saccharin is the oldest artificial sweetener that exists. It can be used to replace certain kinds of sugar. It was discovered in 1878 by Constantin Fahlberg. It is also known as E954.

Saccharin has no calories and no nutritional value. It is safe to take for people with diabetes.

Isomalt

Isomalt is a natural substitute for sugar. It is a kind of sugar alcohol. It is used mainly to replace sugar in some products, like bubble gum, candies,chocolate or ice cream. This makes it different from other artificial sweeteners. It is also known as E563.

Sloth

Sloths are Xenarthran mammals from Central and South America. They are part of the order Pilosa. There are two families of sloths: two-toed sloth and three-toed sloth. Most scientists call these two families the Folivora, while some call them the Phyllophaga. They live in trees, but in the past there were giant ground sloths.

The biogeographic origins of the Pilosa is still unclear, but they can be traced back in South America as far as the early Tertiary, about 60 million years ago. The presence of these animals in Central America is explained by the Great American Interchange.

Sloths are active at night and sleep curled up with their head placed between the arms and the feet drawn close together, or hanging upside down with the help of their hook- like claws. This disguises them as part of a tree so that its enemies like the jaguar do not see them. Sloths rarely climb down from the trees, and when they are on the ground they can only crawl awkwardly. However, when there is a forest flood, they are very good swimmers. Sloths can live for up to 30 years. They mostly just eat leaves and flowers, which take a very long time to digest. Sloths move slowly; their name comes from the word "slow".


Jura

Places named Jura include:


Rivers named Jura include:


Oberon (moon)

Oberon is the farthest big moon of the planet Uranus. It is made of about half ice and half rock.
With a mean radius of about 760 km, Oberon is the second biggest moon of Uranus's 27 moons. It orbits Uranus about every 13.4 days.

It was found on January 11, 1787 by William Herschel, in the same year he found Titania. It was named after a Oberon, King of the Fairies, a character in William Shakespeare's play A Midsummer Night's Dream.

Oberon has several large impact craters where it has been hit by meteorites. These were photographed by the Voyager 2 spacecraft in 1986 as it flew passed. Scientists also believe there is a mountain that could be high on the moon.

Craters on Oberon are named after characters in the plays of William Shakespeare.


Delémont District

The district of Delémont is one of three districts in Jura, Switzerland. Its capital is the city of Delémont. The district is nearly all French-speaking and is home to a population of 35,175 (end of 2005).

Delémont is divided into 28 municipalities:

Xavier Rudd

Xavier Rudd (born 1978) is an Australian musician. He grew up in the small town of Torquay, Victoria, Australia. When Rudd was young, he learned to play the didgeridoo on a vacuum cleaner hose. 

Rudd is known for playing at music festivals and concerts in Australia and in North America. He has many fans in Australia, his home, as well as Canada, where he has recorded a few live albums. 

Some of his songs have political themes that deal with the father of 2 sons environment and the rights of Aboriginal Australians.

Rudd also describes himself as a full-time "barefooter", which means that he does not own any shoes or other footwear. Rudd is also a vegetarian.



Banjo

The banjo is a string instrument, that was first played by African slaves in the United States a few hundred years ago. The idea came from other African instruments. 
The name "banjo" may have come from a Kimbundu word: "mbanza", but it could have also come from a Senegambian word for the bamboo stick used for the banjo's neck.

The modern banjo comes in a variety of forms, including four- and five-string versions. A six-string version, tuned and played similarly to a guitar, has gained popularity. In almost all of its forms, banjo playing is characterized by a fast arpeggiated plucking, though many different playing styles exist.











Nicolás de Ovando

Nicolás de Ovando (Brozas, 1460 – Seville, 1511) was a Spanish soldier from a noble family and a knight of the Order of Alcántara. He was governor of Hispaniola from 1502 until 1509. 
Nicolas de Ovando was born in 1460 in the town of Brozas, in Extremadura, Spain. His family was very religious and, when young, he joined the military religious "Order of Alcantara" where, in 1478, he was named "Comendador de Lares" ("Commander of Lares"), a very important position in the Order.

As "Commander of Lares", he was very appreciated by the Spanish Catholic Kings and, in particular, by Queen Isabella. On 3 September 1501 (Oviedo said in 1502), he was named as Governor of Hispaniola and of all lands discovered in America.

On 13 February, 1502 he went out of the port of Sanlúcar de Barrameda, Spain to go to the Hispaniola island with a fleet of 32 ships. On the fleet, there were 2,500 people, including priests, soldiers and colonists (some of them with their families), who were going to live in the Hispaniola. Among those colonists was Bartolomé de las Casas, later known as the "Protector of the Indians", and also Francisco Pizarro, who conquered the Inca Empire.

The plan of Ovando was to develop the West Indies economically and expand the Spanish influence in the region.

Ovando got in Santo Domingo on 15 April 1502.

The administration of Ovando in Hispaniola was one of great cruelty toward the Taíno Indians. When the Spaniards came to the island in 1492, the native population was 400,000 (estimated) but in 1508 there were only 60,000 Indians.

Because the new colonists needed more workers for the gold mines and farms, they brought, as slaves, Indians from the "Lucayas" (now, the Bahamas) islands. Then they brought slaves from Spain ("Ladinos", that is, of Africa origin but born in Spain); those were the first African slaves brought to America.

Ovando founded several cities (or ordered their foundations) on Hispaniola, among them: Compostela de Azua (or Azua de Compostela), Santa María de la Vera Paz, Bayajá (today, Fort Liberté, in Haiti), Salvatierra de la Sabana (today, Les Cayes, in Haiti), Salvaleón de Higüey, Cotuí, Puerto Plata, Santa Cruz de Hicayagua (today, Santa Cruz del Seibo, Dominican Republic).

Ovando sent Andrés Morales to explore completely the Hispaniola island. Morales made the most complete map of the island. Sebastián de Ocampo was sent to find out if Cuba was an island or part of the continent; after 8 or 10 months, Ocampo came back with the information that Cuba was an island. In 1508, Juan Ponce de León was sent with 50 men to conquer the island of San Juan (now the island of Puerto Rico).

In 1509, Ovando went back to Spain where he was made "Comendador Mayor" ("Head Commander") of the Order of Alcantara. During a meeting of the Order in Seville, Spain, he died on 29 May 1511 (Oviedo said in 1518). He was buried in the Church of San Benito, in the city of Alcántara, Extremadura, Spain.

Abelsonite

Abelsonite (nickel porphyrin) is a mineral that can be pinkish-brown, purple, or reddish-brown in color and is formed from porphyrin crystals. It is platy (made in plates like mica) and fragile. 

Porphyrins are organic ring compounds like haeme, the pigment in red blood cells.

It is found in the Green River Formation of Utah, in the United States.

Abenakiite-(Ce)

Abenakiite-(Ce) is a pale brown mineral and made from crystals. It was named for the Abenaki Indian Tribe, the people that lived in the area where this mineral was found. It is somewhat radioactive and it is easily scratched with fluorite. It was found in a quarry in Canada.

Abernathyite

Abernathyite is a pale, yellow-colored mineral that forms crystals. It was named for Jess Abernathy, the person who found the first samples of this mineral. It is found in a mine in Emery County, in the United States. It is highly radioactive.

Abhurite

Abhurite is a colorless crystalline mineral that forms on ship-wrecked tin ingots (nuggets). It is named for where it is found. It is found in a cove in the Red Sea. It is not radioactive.

Animal Liberation Orchestra

Animal Liberation Orchestra (also known as ALO) is an American rock and jam band from Southern California. They first formed several years ago as a group calling themselves Django. Over the years, they changed their name to Animal Liberation Orchestra and were signed to Jack Johnson's record label Brushfire Records.


Leftover Salmon

Leftover Salmon is an American Rock and jam band from Boulder, Colorado.



Internet meme

An internet meme is something famous on the internet such as an image, a video, or even a person. Internet memes are usually created when someone publishes something and that thing is shared widely over the Internet. They sometimes consist of an image with top and bottom text. While spreading over the internet, most internet memes 'evolve' over time, with the original image/video being changed in one way or another by people other than the creator. Every internet meme evolves and has many variants. See: Memes Billy

Two other versions of Internet memes are ""dank memes"" and ""dead memes"". Dank memes are thought of as relevant and funny. Dead memes are thought of as old and forgotten, most of which haven't been used in months or years. Dead memes, however, can become dank memes if are posted after a long time and everyone forgot about it. 

Some websites where internet memes can be shared include Reddit, 4chan, 9gag, and IFunny. A popular chatting service where internet memes can be shared is Discord, an instant messaging and communication platform. Memes on Discord are shared through images, videos, and GIFs, although these methods aren't only limited to Discord.

There are many different types of internet memes. They include the following types.

A normi meme is a meme that uses intentionally bad, unfunny, or low-quality content to joke about said content. Some parodies could also be called normi memes, but those are another thing entirely.

A dank meme is a meme that makes no sense, similar to a normie meme. Dank memes, however, are usually very strange, involving seemingly random concepts that have been established in internet culture.

Some dank memes can be offensive like the troll meme and forever alone memes while other dank memes are not.

A shock meme is a meme that is either racist, sexist, or offensive to a race of people. These memes often include societal status, videos where random jump scares and/or loud noises suddenly happen, hobbies, or anything at all.

An example of shock memes are memes involving suicide, or being intended in general, to disgust its viewers. When searching for "suicide memes" on Google, the first results will be suicide hotlines. The search engine is assuming the person searching was contemplating suicide, when in fact they were just searching for memes.

A shock meme can also be referencing shock videos or shock sites in an attempt to get the viewer to look it up and view the video or go on the website.

A video meme is a meme spread through video sharing sites such as YouTube, Vimeo, and Twitch. Short videos can also be shared on social media services that support video, such as TikTok, Reddit, and Facebook.

A TikTok slideshow meme is a meme spread through TikToks. A TikTok user simply puts images of literally anything possible and the audience would find it funny, to top it off they add goofy audios under the slideshow, most popular ones would be the “Don Pollo” audios, the guy who says “we we we we”.


Morris Gleitzman

Morris Gleitzman (born 9 January 1953 in England) is one of Australia's most successful children's writers. Morris Gleitzman began writing as a screenwriter and enjoyed success writing for the Norman Gunston Show on Australian television. He has also written for the Governor-General of Australia and Rolf Harris.

Morris Gleitzman has had much success with his children's stories. They have been published in 14 countries around the world including the United States, United Kingdom, France and Australia. Some of his most successful books include "Misery Guts", "Worry Warts", "Blabber Mouth", "Belly Flop" and "Puppy Fat". He was born in England, on 9 January 1953. 

He had dropped out of school by the age of 16 to live "the hippie dream" and by the time he had moved to Australia was writing many short stories that would later become a reality and turn his small life into a big meaningful life.

His most successful book is "Two Weeks With the Queen".



Coaxial cable

A Coaxial cable is a special electrical cable. It is used to transmit signals. The cable is specially insulated. This makes it quite stiff. Today, coaxial cables are used for things like Cable TV. Coaxial cables can also be used for computer networks, but this became rare in the 21st century, as twisted pair cables can be used more easily. 

Such cables are usually made of a conducting wire. Then there is some insulation, then there is another layer of conducting material. Finally there is the (insulating) mantle. Such cables are used as a high-frequency transmission line to carry a high-frequency or broadband signal. Because the electromagnetic field carrying the signal exists (ideally) only in the space between the inner and outer conductors, it cannot interfere with or suffer interference from external electromagnetic fields.

There are different types of coaxial cables, which satisfy different standards.



Abswurmbachite

Abswurmbachite is a black or dark brown metallic mineral. It is named after Irmgard Abs-Wurmbach, who is a German mineralogist. It is found in Mili, Avia or Andros Island, Greece. It is not radioactive.


Acanthite

Acanthite is a mineral that can be lead gray, gray, or coal in color and is made from crystals. Its name comes from the Greek word, akanta, meaning "arrow", or the Latin word "argentum", meaning "silver". It is made of silver(I) sulfide.

It is found in Freiberg, Schneeberg, and Annaberg, Germany. Acanthite is not radioactive.

Seven Lucky Gods

The , commonly called the Seven Lucky Gods in English, refer to the seven gods of good fortune in Japanese mythology and folklore. They are often the subject of netsuke carvings.

Each has a traditional characteristic:

Many figures in Japanese myth were transmitted from China (some having entered China from India), including all of the Seven Lucky Gods except Ebisu. Another god, Kichijōten, goddess of happiness, is sometimes found depicted along with the seven traditional gods, replacing Jurōjin. 

The seven gods are often pictured on their ship, the Takarabune (宝船), or "Treasure Ship." The tradition says that the seven gods will arrive in town on the New Year and distribute fantastic gifts to worthy people. Children often receive red envelopes bearing the Takarabune which contain gifts of money around the New Year. The Takarabune and its passengers are often shown in art in different locations, from the walls of museums to cuddly caricatures.



Acetamide

Acetamide is a mineral that is either colorless or gray in color, and is made of a crystalline crust on black shale. It is named for acetic acid and ammonia. It can be found in Russia and is not radioactive.

17 (number)

Seventeen is a number. It comes between sixteen and eighteen, and is an odd number. It is also the 7th prime number, after 2, 3, 5, 7, 11, and 13. In Italy, 17 is considered an unlucky number.

In Roman numerals, 17 is written as XVII.

Pectin

Pectin is a food supplement. It is a source of dietary fiber. It is used to make jellies and jams. Usually it comes in the form of a white powder. It is made from parts of fruit, like oranges. People use pectin to thicken things, like jelly and jam. 

It is also seen as a large polysaccharide molecule found in the cell wall of many cells.
Pectobacterium carotovorum

Pectobacterium carotovorum (syn "Erwinia carotovora") is a rod-shaped bacterium originally isolated from carrots. It is a plant pathogen and opportunistic human pathogen, causative agent of soft rot and blackleg potato ("P. atrosepticum") diseases.




Burger

Burger may refer to the following:

Jesus with erection

Jesus with erection is a picture that was made by students at the University of Oregon and published in the March 2006 edition of the "Student Insurgent". It caused debates in the United States in 2006. The picture shows a naked Jesus Christ on the Cross with an erection.

In 2005 the Danish newspaper Jyllands-Posten published 12 cartoons of the Islamic prophet Muhammad. The paper said that this was to add to the debate about criticism of Islam and self-censorship. Danish-Muslims said that they did not like them because Islam teaches that it is wrong for people to make any picture of Muhammad and also because they felt that the pictures showed disrespect to Muhammad. This led to protests in many Islamic countries, some of which became violent and led to more than 100 deaths.

The students of the University of Oregon said that they made the pictures of Jesus because they want to show how people who are religious feel when people make pictures that may be offensive to Jesus. They wanted to get Muslims and Christians to talk and understand each other better.

Some people disliked the picture of Jesus with erection. The president of the Catholic League, William Donohue, said that the president of the Oregon University, Dave Frohnmayer, is partially responsible for the pictures. William Donohue said that the picture was one of the worst attacks on Christianity he had ever seen. Other people who disliked the picture said that the University's President David B. Frohnmayer should not work for the University any more. However, the Oregon Daily Emerald and the Oregon Commentator, said that the students' right to free speech and the University's decision to defend the student newspaper, citing the decisions of the Supreme Court of the United States like the Southworth case. This case said that universities could support student groups (such as newspapers) that other students did not agree with without hurting the rights of the students who do not like the groups.



Giovanni Guaita

Giovanni Guaita (born November 26, 1962 in Sardinia) is an Italian historian, researcher of Eastern Christianity and writer. He is an assistant Professor of the Moscow Linguistic University. He studied in different Western European and Russian (Moscow and St Petersburg) universities.

He is the author of several books. Three of these books are on the Armenian theme. Guaita also known as the compilator of "The vocabulary of Orthodox agiology".



Cockatoo

A cockatoo is any of the 21 species belonging to the bird family Cacatuidae, the only family in the superfamily Cacatuoidea. Along with the Psittacoidea (true parrots) and the Strigopoidea (New Zealand parrots), they make up the order Psittaciformes (parrots).

The name "cockatoo" comes from the Malay name for these birds, "kaka(k)tua", via the Dutch "kaketoe".

Cockatoos are recognisable by the showy crests and curved and strong bills. Their plumage is generally less colourful than that of other parrots, being mainly white, grey or black and often with coloured features in the crest, cheeks or tail. On average they are larger than other parrots; however, the Cockatiel, the smallest cockatoo species, is a small bird.

Cockatoos have a much more restricted range than the true parrots, occurring naturally only in Australasia. Eleven of the 21 species exist in the wild only in Australia, while seven species occur only in the islands of the Philippines, Indonesia, Papua New Guinea and the Solomon Islands. Interestingly, no cockatoo species are found in Borneo (despite their presence on nearby Palawan and Sulawesi) or many Pacific islands, although fossil remains have been recorded from New Caledonia.

Three species occur in both New Guinea and Australia. Some species have widespread distributions, with the Galah, for example, occurring over most of Australia, whereas other species have tiny distributions, confined to a small part of the continent, such as the Long-billed Black Cockatoo of Western Australia or to a small island group, such as the Tanimbar Corella, which is restricted to the Tanimbar Islands of Indonesia.

Cockatoos occupy a wide range of habitats, from forests in subalpine zones to mangroves. However, no species is found in all types of habitat. The most widespread species, such as the Galah and Cockatiel, are open-country specialists that feed on grass seeds. Other cockatoo species, such as the Glossy Black Cockatoo, inhabit woodlands, rainforests, shrublands and even forests with an alpine climate. The Philippine Cockatoo inhabits mangroves. Several species have adapted well to human modified habitats and are found in agricultural areas and even busy cities.

The cockatoos were first defined as a subfamily Cacatuinae within the parrot family Psittacidae by the English naturalist George Robert Gray in 1840, with "Cacatua" the first listed and type genus. This group has alternately been considered as either a full family or a subfamily by different authorities. The American ornithologist James Lee Peters in his 1937 "Check-list of Birds of the World", Sibley and Monroe in 1990 maintained it as a subfamily, while parrot expert Joseph Forshaw classified it as a family in 1973. Subsequent molecular studies indicate that the earliest offshoot from the original parrot ancestors were the New Zealand parrots of the family Strigopidae, and following this the cockatoos, now a well-defined group or clade, split off from the remaining parrots, which then radiated across the southern hemisphere and diversified into the many species of parrots, parakeets, macaws, lories, lorikeets, lovebirds and other true parrots of the family Psittacidae.

The fossil record of cockatoos is even more limited than that of parrots in general, with only one truly ancient cockatoo fossil known: a species of "Cacatua", most probably subgenus "Licmetis", found in Early Miocene (16–23 million years ago) deposits of Riversleigh, Australia. Although fragmentary, the remains are similar to the Western Corella and the Galah.

Names in parentheses after generic names indicate subgenera.
The current subdivision of this family is as follows:

Subfamily Nymphicinae
Subfamily Calyptorhynchinae: The black cockatoos
Subfamily Cacatuinae


The cockatoos are mostly medium to large parrots with a heavy, compact body. They range from in length and in weight. However, one species, the Cockatiel, is considerably smaller and slimmer than the other species, being long (including its long pointed tail feathers) and in weight.

The movable headcrest, which is present in all cockatoos, is spectacular in many species; it is raised when the bird lands from flying or when it is aroused.

Cockatoos share many features with other parrots, including the characteristic curved beak shape and a zygodactyl foot, with the two middle toes forward and the two outer toes backward. They differ however in a number of characteristics, including the presence of a gallbladder, some other anatomical details and their lack of the structures in the feathers which cause the bright blues and greens seen in true parrots.

Like other parrots, cockatoos have short legs and strong claws, and often use their strong bill as a third limb when climbing through branches. They generally have long broad wings used in rapid flight, with speeds up to being recorded for galahs. The members of the genus "Calyptorhynchus" and larger white cockatoos, such as the Sulphur-crested Cockatoo and Major Mitchell's Cockatoo, have shorter, rounder wings and a more leisurely flight.

Cockatoos are active mainly during the day and require daylight to find their food. They eat a range of mainly vegetable food items. Seeds form a large part of the diet of all species; these are opened with their large and powerful bills. The Galahs, corellas and some of the black cockatoos feed primarily on the ground; others feed mostly in trees.

Like most parrots, the cockatoos are made their nests in holes in trees, which they are unable to excavate themselves. These hollows are formed from decay or destruction of wood by branches breaking off, fungi or insects such as termites or even woodpeckers where their ranges overlap. In many places these holes are scarce and the source of competition, both with other members of the same species and with other species and types of animal. In general, cockatoos choose hollows only a little larger than themselves, hence different-sized species nest in holes of corresponding (and different) sizes.

The female lays two white eggs on small pieces of wood. The young, which is born naked and blind, is fed by the adults with partially digested food for about three months.

According to the IUCN and BirdLife International, seven species of cockatoo are considered to be vulnerable or worse and one is considered to be near threatened. Of these, two species—the Philippine Cockatoo (or Red-vented Cockatoo) and the Yellow-crested Cockatoo—are considered to be critically endangered.

The principal threats to cockatoos are habitat loss and the trade in wild animals. All cockatoos nest in trees, and are vulnerable to their loss. Also, many species have specific habitat requirements or live on small islands and have naturally small ranges, making them especially vulnerable.

Cockatoos are popular as pets and the capture and trade has threatened some species; between 1983 and 1990, 66,654 recorded Salmon-crested Cockatoos were exported from Indonesia, a figure that does not include the number of birds caught for the domestic trade or that were exported illegally. The capture of many species has subsequently been banned but the trade continues illegally. Not only are the rare species smuggled out of Indonesia but also common and rare cockatoos alike are smuggled out of Australia.

All species of cockatoo except the Cockatiel are protected by the Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species of Wild Fauna and Flora (CITES), which restricts import and export of wild-caught parrots to special licensed purposes. Five cockatoo species (including all subspecies)—the Tanimbar Corella ("Cacatua goffiniana"), Philippine Cockatoo ("Cacatua haematuropygia"), Moluccan Cockatoo ("Cacatua moluccensis"), Yellow-crested Cockatoo ("Cacatua sulphurea") and Palm Cockatoo ("Probosciger aterrimus")—are protected on the CITES Appendix I list. With the exception of the Cockatiel, all remaining cockatoo species are protected on the CITES Appendix II list.


Bell P-39 Airacobra

The P-39 Airacobra was a fighter aircraft made by Bell Aircraft. It first flew in 1939, and was introduced in 1941. While it had good weapons, it was known for being very unstable and could lose control easily. It was fast but not very good above 5000 m (15,000 feet) as it lacked turbocharger. The Soviet Union used it during World War II as a fighter interceptor as most air battles at the Eastern front were fought at low heights. Very near the ground the Airacobra became extremely maneuverable and could out-turn any German airplane. The Russians liked the plane, and they often removed the wing guns to make it even more maneuvreable. Several Soviet pilots became fighter aces on P-39. The main weapon of P-39, a 37 mm cannon, was so powerful that it could destroy almost any airplane on a single hit.

The pilot who scored the most aerial victories was Grigori Rechkalov of the Soviet Air Force. He shot down 57 Germans with Airacobra. His squadronmate Aleksandr Pokryshkin had 59 victories, of which 47 were with Airacobra.

The P-39 was different from most aircraft in World War II. It had "tricycle" landing gear, doors that opened like a car (pilots would climb out of most fighters of the time) and the engine was behind the pilot. The "Q" version could go 375 miles per hour (600 km/h), had four 12.7mm machine guns, and one 37mm cannon.

Air Canada

Air Canada is Canada's largest airline. It flies from Canada to the United States, Europe, Asia, Australia, and some Caribbean countries. Air Canada began on September 1, 1937. It was first called "Trans-Canada Air Lines". The first flight was from Vancouver to Seattle. The airline's name changed to "Air Canada" in 1964. Air Canada was privatized in 1989. A large strike was launched by Air Canada pilots in September 1998. Air Canada bought Canadian Airlines in 2000. Since the early 2000s Air Canada has had many financial problems.

Air Canada's fleet includes:

Air Canada has ordered the Boeing 737 MAX airplanes for the future. It is still receiving more Embraers and Boeing 787s. In the past, Air Canada had Airbus A340s, Boeing 727s, Boeing 737s, Boeing 747s, Douglas DC-8s, Douglas DC-9s and Embraer 170s.

Actinolite

Actinolite is a mineral that can be green, green-black, gray-green, or black in color and is made of crystals. It is common around the world. The environment it lives in is in metamorphic rocks. It is named after the Greek word aktinos (meaning "ray") because of the nature of Actinolite. Actinole is not radioactive.

Actinolite is a crystal found in countries like the US, Brazil, China, and Canada. Actinolite is commonly used in industrial applications such as in the production of asbestos because it has similar properties to asbestos fibers. It is sometimes used as a gemstone, but it is not suitable for jewelry. Some types of actinolite are rare, which makes it an attractive to some collectors.

Actinolite is a member of a series that contains varying amounts of calcium, magnesium, iron, and aluminum. Tremolite is the Mg end, and ferroactinolite the Fe end, with actinolite in the middle. Actinolites with more than 50% Fe are very rare. Catseye actinolite exists; when chatoyant material is cut, it exhibits a fine eye. Actinolite is easy to cleave and hard to cut and would make a poor jewelry stone. Actinolite is the chief constituent of nephrite (jade). Smaragdite is a chrome-rich tremolite from Tanzania.

Buoy

A buoy is a floating device that can have many uses. It is usually anchored in a certain place. The word is most commonly said () (as in "buoyant"), but in American English it is often pronounced .

Buoys are used by ships to navigate or sail safely from place to place. They are used to mark a safe channel on a river, lake or harbour. They are used to mark dangerous rocks and other items which ships have to keep clear of. They can also be used to mark a shipwreck, pipelines or swimming areas.

Buoys are used as marker for fishing, moorings for boats, yacht or dinghy racing, diving or weather stations and may be marked on charts as "Superbuoys".

Gulf Coast of the United States

The Gulf Coast region of the United States is made up of the coasts of states which border the Gulf of Mexico. The states of Texas, Louisiana, Mississippi, Alabama, and Florida are known as the Gulf States. All Gulf States are in the Southern region of the United States.


Florida Panhandle

The Florida Panhandle is the region of the state of Florida which includes the westernmost 10 to 18 counties in the state. It is a narrow strip lying between Alabama and Georgia to the north and the Gulf of Mexico to the south. While some definitions only include the counties west of the , others include the eight counties east of the Apalachicola that are part of the Big Bend region. Culturally and in terms of history and climate, the region is more closely tied to the than to peninsular Florida.


Loop Current

Part of the Gulf Stream, the Loop Current is a warm ocean current in the Gulf of Mexico that flows northward between Cuba and the Yucatán Peninsula, moves north into the Gulf of Mexico, loops west and south before exiting to the east through the Florida Straits.

Around 1970, it was believed that the Loop Current exhibited an annual cycle in which the Loop feature extended farther to the north during the summer. Further study over the past few decades, however, has shown that the extension to the north (and the shedding of eddies) does not have a significant annual cycle.

The Loop Current and its eddies may be detected by measuring sea surface level. Sea surface level of both the Eddies and the Loop on September 21, 2005 was up to higher than surrounding water, indicating a deep area of warm water beneath them.

National Weather Service bulletin for New Orleans region

The National Weather Service bulletin for the New Orleans region of 10:11 a.m., August 28, 2005 was a vividly worded release issued by the local Weather Forecast Office in Slidell, Louisiana warning of the devastation that the Gulf Coast of the United States could experience as a result of Hurricane Katrina. Partly due to this bulletin, people in southeastern Louisiana and southern Mississippi, those most affected by the storm, followed evacuation orders more closely, resulting in fewer deaths.

On the evening of August 25, 2005, Hurricane Katrina made landfall as a Category 1 hurricane near the Miami-Dade – Broward county line in southern Florida and weakened into a tropical storm as a result. The next morning, after passing over the state, Tropical Storm Katrina moved into the Gulf of Mexico, strengthened back to hurricane strength, and from the influence of the warm waters from the Loop Current, began rapid deepening.

At 11:00 p.m. EDT August 26, approximately 56 hours before Katrina's landfall near Buras, Louisiana, the National Hurricane Center had predicted that the New Orleans metropolitan area could face a direct hit by the storm. As New Orleans is on the Mississippi River delta and much of the city is below sea level, a strong hurricane could have a devastating effect on the city. Previous warnings, such as the one made by the Houston Chronicle in 2001, told of a disaster that "would strand 250,000 people or more, and probably kill one of 10 left behind as the city drowned under 20 feet of water" following a severe hurricane landfall on the city. The National Hurricane Center's director, Max Mayfield, said the Mississippi/Louisiana area has "the greatest potential for nightmare scenarios," and that this has been known for at least the three decades he has worked at the NHC. Other publications, such as "Popular Mechanics", "Scientific American", and The Times-Picayune predicted doomsday situations in which a sinking city would drown and its residents would be left homeless.

In 1965, Hurricane Betsy made landfall just south of New Orleans, causing widespread flooding in the city. As a result, a system of levees was authorized by Congress to handle future storm events. However, the protection given by this system was limited to hurricanes up to Category 3 intensity on the Saffir-Simpson Hurricane Scale.

Three days before Katrina's second and third landfalls, the National Hurricane Center began predicting that the storm would make landfall as a major hurricane. By the next morning, August 27, the NHC gave out a hurricane watch that included the New Orleans metro area, which was upgraded to a hurricane warning by 10:00 p.m. that same evening. At this point, Katrina was a Category 3 hurricane with 115 mph (185 km/h) winds and about 335 miles (540 km) to the south-southeast of the Mississippi River's mouth.

That night, the storm strengthened to a Category 5 hurricane with maximum sustained winds of 175 mph (280 km/h) by 10:00 am CDT on August 28. At that time, the Weather Forecasting Office issued an "urgent weather message" describing the destruction Katrina would likely cause in the region:

At 10:11 a.m. CDT (1511 UTC), Robert Ricks, a meteorologist with the New Orleans/Baton Rouge NWS office, issued the following statement:
An equally-explicit bulletin was repeated at 4:13 p.m. CDT.

In the months after the storm, Congress appointed a two-party system committee to look into the response to Hurricane Katrina and the preparations before to its landfall. The committee said that the forecasts given by the National Weather Service were timely, were not responsible for failures in other agencies, and were likely responsible for saving thousands of lives.

During an internal assessment by the National Weather Service, the 10:11 bulletin and its impact were examined. The report called the bulletin "a significant moment for the NWS during Katrina," as its detailed and specific language did not have any previous precedent (though the message was based on a template designed by the Tampa Weather Office in 1990). The strongly-worded statement persuaded people to evacuate, and was highlighted by national news media. As a result, the level of detail was highlighted as an "innovative best practice" in the NWS assessment, which recommended issuing warnings with similar levels of detail in the future.


Cesc Fàbregas

Cesc Fàbregas (born May 4, 1987) is a Spanish football manager and former player. He plays as a midfielder for Monaco in the Ligue 1.
Fàbregas started playing football at Barcelona. In 2003, when he was just 16 years old, he signed with Arsenal. 
He was named as the new captain of Arsenal in November 2008, after William Gallas lost the captaincy. He also plays for the Spanish national team since he was 19. He signed for Chelsea FC in June 2014.

Arsenal

Barcelona

Chelsea

Monaco

Spain

Individual

Orders

Misery Guts

Misery Guts is a book by the award winning Australian author Morris Gleitzman.

This is a story about a kid named Keith who lives in London and his parents who own a fish and chip shop. This parents for a long time have not had many customers. Keith is dedicated to trying to make the store better and cheer up his parents so they won't be Misery Guts for the rest of their lives. He tries everything including some crazy stunts.

The story continues in the hilarious sequel "Worry Warts".

The book did not sell very well. As of November 2007, the "Misery Guts/Worry Warts" combination was ranked #3,465,204 in books sold by Amazon. A television series was made based on this book.


Brett Lee

Brett Lee (born 8 November, 1976 in Wollongong, New South Wales) is an Australian cricketer. He has played for the Australian national cricket team and New South Wales Blues. He has taken more than 300 wickets. Brett is a very fast bowler, one of the fastest the cricket world has known. His fastest delivery was . Lee won the Donald Bradman Young Player of the Year Award at the Allan Border Medal award ceremony in 2000 soon after his debut and has gone on to win many awards and a few tournaments.

He is the second of 3 boys and first played cricket with his brothers. 


Otter

Otters are animals that live near and around water. They are a part of the animal family Mustelid. A group of otters is called a "romp", because they play together and are energetic. They live in nests called holts. There are many different kinds of otters. Some live near rivers, some in the sea (sea otters). Otters live on every continent except for Australia and Antarctica.

Otters are long and slim animals that can be longer than a meter. They have four short legs. They usually stay on all four legs, but they can stand up as well but they are expert swimmers and spend a lot of time in water. They have a thick fur coat that keeps them warm even in freezing water. They have very soft, insulated underfur, which is protected by an outer layer of long guard hairs. This traps a layer of air which keeps them dry and warm under water. They keep the air topped up by blowing into the fur with their mouth. Their fur is often brown at the top, and lighter underneath the Otter.

They eat meat and hunt for fish and small animals, so they have sharp claws and teeth that allow them to catch prey, then eat them. They are great swimmers and divers; they can stay underwater for 8 minutes. Their thick and long tail helps them steer while swimming underwater. Also, their feet are webbed, which helps them swim. On the ground, they can run very fast.

Otters live 8 to 9 years in the wilderness, and as many as 21 years when living with people.

Otters are carnivores; they must eat a lot of meat to live, so they spend 3 to 5 hours every day fishing and hunting. They can die of hunger more quickly than most animals. They eat fish, crayfish, crabs, and frogs. They will eat any small animals and birds they can catch. Much of their food is found in water. They dive in rivers, lakes and streams until they can find a suitable animal to eat, which they then chase. Once they catch it, they bring it to the top of the water, where they eat it. If the animal has a hard shell, otters can use a rock as a tool to break open the shell.

Otters are playful and energetic. They can be seen sliding down hills and slopes, as well as chasing other otters for fun. Some kinds of otters live in groups, while others are almost always alone. Because they spent so much time in cold water, they have to groom their fur often to stop themselves from freezing.

Otters talk to other animals and otters with whistles, growls, chuckles and screams, as well as chirps, squeals, and some kinds of otters might even purr. They also leave their scent on plants to mark their territory.

Sea otters ("Enhydra lutris") are classified as marine mammals. They live along the Pacific coast of North America. Their historic range included shallow waters of the Bering Strait. It also included Kamchatka, and as far south as Japan. Sea otters have about 26,000 to 165,000 hairs per square centimeters of skin. They have a rich fur for which humans hunted them almost to extinction. They frequently carry a rock in a pouch under their forearm. They use this to smash open shells. This makes them one of the few animals that use tools. They grow to in length and weigh . Although once near extinction, they have begun to spread again, from remnant populations in California and Alaska.

The European otter ("Lutra lutra") was common as recently as the 1950s, but became rare because of DDT pesticides, habitat loss and water pollution. Hunting of otters was also common. They stayed relatively common in parts of Scotland and Ireland, but numbers in England reached a low point in the 1980s. They are now recovering strongly. Otters are now quite common, especially in the west of England. Roadkill deaths are now happening more.

There are 13 types of otters in the world. They are


Arsenal

An arsenal is a place where guns and ammunition are made, repaired or stored. 

Some arsenals include:


Several places, landmarks and buildings have been named after arsenals:


Arsenal is used in the name of several football clubs:


In arts, music and culture, Arsenal can refer to:


There are also several man-made objects with Arsenal in their name:


Railway stations with Arsenal in their name include:


Companies with Arsenal in its name include:

Medal of Honor

The Medal of Honor is the highest award given to members of the United States Military. It is given to people who show a lot of bravery in wartime. Because of this, many people who get the Medal of Honor die earning it. It was first given in 1863 during the American Civil War. 

The Medal of Honor has been given to 3,458 different people, including



According to Medal of Honor recipient Retired Army Maj. Gen. Patrick Brady who flew more than 2,500 combat missions over Vietnam and helped rescue more than 5,000 wounded, "it is harder to wear it than to earn it".




Asynchronous Transfer Mode

Asynchronous Transfer Mode is a set of protocols used for computer networks. It is mostly used for Wide Area Networks (WAN). It splits the data, and encodes it into packets of a fixed size. Each packet can be routed differently, along virtual paths set up in the network. 

ATM has been very successful in WANs, as well as in Local Area Networks (LAN). Today, many ADSL implementations use ATM technology.

Standards like Ethernet (which is used for LANs) usually are quite simple. When there is little traffic on the network they work well. However, when there is a lot of traffic it is difficult to predict how an Ethernet network will behave. For this reason, Ethernet cannot give any service guarantees. It is not possible to say that an Ethernet packet will take a maximum delay, but after that time it is guaranteed to arrive.

ATM is more complex, but this complexity allows to give guarantees as to data rate, maximum delay, and jitter. These are usually called Quality of Service. 

Blood type

Blood type or blood group is a classification of blood based on the presence or absence of inherited antigenic substances on the surface of red blood cells (RBCs).

Blood types predict whether a serious reaction will occur in a blood transfusion. This reaction is called a "haemolytic reaction". It may destroy red blood cells, and cause renal failure. Shock is likely to occur, and death is a possibility.

When a blood transfusion or an organ transplant takes place, it is vital to know the blood types of the donor (who gives blood) and the receiver (who needs blood).

There are a number of human blood group systems. Of these systems, the ABO blood group system and the Rhesus blood group system are the most important. In this system the presence or absence of the A-antigen, the B-antigen and the RhD-antigen are determined.

The principle of the ABO system is that antigens – in this instance, sugars exposed on the surface of red blood cells – differ between individuals. This was first discovered by Karl Landsteiner. People have immunological tolerance only for what occurs in their own bodies. As a result, humans may produce antibodies against natural components in the bodies of "other" people, but not themselves. So, people may produce antibodies against A and/or B antigens if they are not in their blood.

These antibodies clump red blood cells together if they carry the foreign antigens. This response can cause death when large amounts of such cells are encountered after a blood transfusion. Because A and B antigens are chemically modified from a precursor form that is also present in type O individuals, people with type A and B antigens can accept blood from type O individuals.

Anti-A and anti-B antibodies are not present in the newborn. They appear in the first years of life. Anti-A and anti-B antibodies are usually too big to pass through the placenta to the foetal blood circulation.

In a laboratory, blood is tested for antigens. When a certain antigen is found, antibodies are also always found. Antibodies attack (attach to) antigens that they do not recognise.

The blood is thus tagged as being "A positive", "O negative" for instance, where the letter refers to the ABO blood group and "positive" or "negative" refers to whether or not the RhD-antigen of the Rhesus blood group system was found. It can also be written "A+ " and "O-", respectively.


People with type O negative blood are often called universal donors because they can give blood to any other blood group. People with type AB positive blood are called universal recipients because they can receive blood from any other blood group.

The Rh factor (Rh meaning Rhesus) is a feature of the second most common blood-group system in human-blood transfusion. it is named after the Rhesus monkey where they were first discovered. Rh is an inherited trait, which refers to a protein on the surface of an individual's red blood cells.

The Rh factor is separate from, and in addition to, ABO groups. The Rh factor is either present on individual's red blood cells or it is not. Rh positive means the factor is present. Rh negative means it is not present. In blood transfusions it is important that the blood donor and recipient have the same Rh factor and same blood group.

Before a transfusion takes place blood is thoroughly tested for anything that might cause problems for the receiver.

Trance music

Trance music is a kind of electronic music. It centers around a synthesizer and bass drum on each beat and melodies with themes. Most trance music usually have 140 beats per minute. Trance music is commonly played in clubs. The genre takes insipiration from techno, house music, and other kinds of electronic music.

Trance refers to an altered state of consciousness as, for example, achieved by hypnosis. Trance music is characterised by unusually long tracks of highly repetitious music. Group dancing makes the effect stronger, as it does with some types of traditional African music. The general idea has been many times used in religious ceremonies. Nobody knows who introduced the term to electronic music.




Acuminite

Acuminite is a colorless mineral made from crystals. It is named for the Latin word "acuminis" (meaning "sharp point" or "spearhead") for the way the crystals are made. It is easily found in Greenland in the Ivigtut cryolite deposit. It is easily scratched with a copper penny.

Warthog

Warthog ("Phacochoerus africanus") are members of the pig family. They are found in most of Africa south of the Sahara and are widely distributed in East Africa. They are the only pigs able to live in areas without water for several months of the year. By tolerating a higher-than-normal body temperature, the warthog is perhaps able to conserve moisture inside its body that might otherwise be used for cooling.Camels and desert gazelles have developed a similar mechanism for survival in hot dry places..

The warthog is a large bodied animal. Males are bigger than females. Both sexes have tusks which they use for fighting and defending themselves. They weigh between .

Common warthogs live in groups called sounders. Females live in sounders with their young and with other females. Males live alone when they become adults. Both males and females have two facial glands: the tusk gland and the sebaceous gland. Common warthogs of both sexes begin to mark around six to seven months old. Males tend to mark more than females. They mark sleeping and feeding areas and waterholes.

They are seasonal breeders.

Common warthogs live for an average of 7 to 11 years in the wild. In captivity they can live 21 years.

Warthogs are found in moist and arid savannas. They avoid rainforest, deserts and high mountains.

Moraine

Moraines are accumulations of debris that are found in regions where there are glaciers or were glaciers formerly.

Moraines which are found far off from existing glaciers were created during a past ice age. The debris may have been taken off the valley floor as a glacier moved or fallen off the valley walls as a result of weathering. Moraines may be made of silt like glacial flour to large boulders. Moraines may be on the glacier’s surface or deposited as piles or sheets of debris where the glacier has melted. Moraines may also develop when a glacier or iceberg reaches the sea and melts, dropping rocks that it has carried.



Silt

Silt is soil or rock that developed from granular material of a specific grain size.

Silty soil has much smaller particles than sandy soil, so it is smooth to the touch. When moistened, it is soapy slick. When rolled between the fingers, dirt is left on the skin.

Silty soil retains water longer, but it can’t hold on to as many nutrients as you’d want it to, though it’s fairly fertile. Due to its moisture-retentive quality, silty soil is cold and drains poorly.

Silt particles range between a and mm (3.9 to 62.5 μm), larger than clay but smaller than a sand. Silt is chemically distinct from clay, and unlike clay, grains of silt are about the same size in all dimensions.

Silt may occur as a soil or alternatively as suspended sediment in a water column of any surface water body. It may also exist as deposition soil at the bottom of a water body after it is eroded elsewhere and transported by a stream or by a current. Silt is easily transported in water and is fine enough to be carried long distances by air as 'dust'. Thick deposits of silty material that result from "wind" deposition are often called "loess" (a German term) or "limon" (French). Silt and clay contribute to more particles in the water.

Silt (disambiguation)

Silt is a type of soil or earth material. It may also refer to:



Catalytic converter

A catalytic converter is a device in the exhaust pipe of a car, near its engine. It is used to clean up the exhaust the car sends out into the atmosphere. It works by using a catalyst material, usually made of Platinum, Palladium, and Rhodium. The catalytic converter converts carbon monoxide, hydrocarbons, and nitrogen oxides, all of which make the air dirty and make people sick, into carbon dioxide, water, and Nitrogen, all of which are less harmful, but unfortunately many of the harmful gases still escape into the atmosphere as a result of deficiencies. These chemicals, however, are still large contributors to global warming. The US auto industry was investigated by the US Department of Justice for “conspiracy” for 15 years of colluding to withhold the technology between 1953 and 1969 while smog devastated urban centers’ air quality. A catalytic converter reduces carbon monoxide by contacting it with oxygen, creating carbon dioxide, which is less harmful. Because hydrocarbons are unburned fuel particles that are put into the catalytic converter, they burn up in the catalytic converter, making it very hot.

Adamite

Adamite is a mineral that can be either yellow, purple, green, pink, or yellowish-green in color and is made from crystals. It is very easy to break and it can be scratched by a copper penny. Adamite is not radioactive. It is named for the French mineralogist Gilbert Joseph Adam (1795-1881), who was the person who discovered it. It is mainly found in the Atacama Desert in Chile. Adamite is also used for other commercial resources.

Six Flags Great Adventure

Six Flags Great Adventure is a theme park in Jackson Township, New Jersey, United States. It opened on July 1, 1974. The park complex also contains the Hurricane Harbor water park.

In 2012, Six Flags combined Great Adventure Park with the Wild Safari Area to form a single 475-acre theme park. As of 2018, the park contained 12 roller coasters. Three are world-class rides: El Toro, Kingda Ka and Nitro. Kingda Ka, with a top speed of 128 mph feels like taking off from an aircraft carrier. At 458 feet tall guests say on a clear day you can see both the Philadelphia and New York City skylines. Nitro, another fast roller coaster, offers a panoramic view of the New Jersey countryside. El Toro is one of the tallest wooden roller coasters at 181 feet. The park includes a Safari Off-Road Adventure that has over 1,200 animals. It is the largest drive-through safari park in North America.

There are three areas just for children. The Hurricane Harbor water park takes up 45 acres by itself. Between the three areas there are over 200 rides and attractions. Six Flags Great Adventure is open between spring break and late October.

Located halfway between New York City and Philadelphia, the park opened in 1974. At first it was called The Enchanted Forest. In 1976 it was renamed Great Adventure. Six Flags bought it in 1977.

On August 17, 1981 a park employee fell to his death during a routine test of Rolling Thunder. The concluded he may not have used the safety bar. On May 11, 1984 the Haunted Castle caught fire. Eight teenagers were caught inside and died. In 1987 a woman fell to her death from the Lightnin' Loops roller coaster. Officials said she did not have her shoulder safety harness on. She was 19 years old. There have been no serious accidents since 2003 at Great Adventure.


Adamsite-(Y)

Adamsite-(Y) is a mineral that can be white, pale pink, pale purple, or is colorless in color and is made of crystals. It is named for Professor Frank Dawson Adams (1859-1942) of McGill University, Montreal, Quebec and is found in the Poudrette quarry in Quebec. It's environment is in a pegmatite dike that is greatly heated. It is barely radioactive, and is easily scratched with calcite and it also breaks easily.

18 (number)

Eighteen is a number. It comes between seventeen and nineteen, and is an even number. It is divisible by 1, 2, 3, 6, 9 and 18.
In most countries it is the age of majority, age of consent, and voting age.

In Roman numerals, 18 is written as XVIII.

The number 18 has many multiples such as: 36, 54, 72, 90, 108, and so on. The prime factorization of 18 is 3x3x2 in expanded form, and 2x3² in factored form.

19 (number)

Nineteen is a number. It comes between eighteen and twenty, and is an odd number. It is also the 8th prime number, after 2, 3, 5, 7, 11, 13, and 17. 

In Roman numeralswwqo chudai University, 19 is w ritten as XIX.

21 (number)

Twenty-one is a number. It comes between twenty and twenty-two, and is an odd number. It is divisible by 1, 3, 7, and 21.

Twenty-one is also a name of a popular card game and is the age at which people in the United States can buy alcoholic drinks.

In Roman numerals, 21 is written as XXI.

In Greek numerals 21 is written as κα

Samuel Pepys

Samuel Pepys ( ; 23 February 1633 – 26 May 1703) was an English administrator at the Admiralty and Member of Parliament. He is famous for his diary.

Pepys rose to be the Chief Secretary to the Admiralty under Charles II, and later under James II. Although Pepys had no maritime experience, he rose by patronage, hard work and his talent for administration.

The detailed private diary that he kept from 1660–1669 was first published in the nineteenth century. It is one of the most important primary sources for the English Restoration period. It provides a combination of personal notes and eyewitness accounts of great events, such as the Great Plague of London, the Second Dutch War and the Great Fire of London.

Pepys was a key person in the fire of 1666. Seeing that the wind was driving the fire westward, he ordered the boat to go to Whitehall, and became the first person to inform the King of the fire. The King told him to go to the Lord Mayor, and tell him to start pulling houses down.

Pepys took a coach back to Old St Paul's Cathedral, before setting off on foot through the burning city. He found the Lord Mayor, who said: "Lord! what can I do? I am spent: people will not obey me. I have been pulling down houses; but the fire overtakes us faster than we can do it."

At noon Pepys went home and 'had an extraordinary good dinner, and as merry, as at this time we could be'. In the evening he and his wife watched the fire from the safety of Bankside: Pepys writes that 'it made me weep to see it'. Returning home, Pepys met his clerk, Tom Hayter, who had lost everything. Hearing news that the fire was advancing, Pepys started to pack up his possessions by moonlight.

A cart arrived at 4am on 3 September, and Pepys spent much of the day arranging the removal of his possessions. Many of his valuables, including his diary, were sent to friend. The next day, Pepys continued to arrange the removal of his possessions. By this point, he believed that Seething Lane was in grave danger, and suggested calling men from Deptford to help pull down houses and defend the king's property. He described the chaos in the city, and his curious attempt at saving his own goods:

On Wednesday, 5 September, Pepys – who had taken to sleeping on his office floor – was woken by his wife at 2am. She told him that the fire had almost reached All Hallows-by-the-Tower, and that it was at the foot of Seething Lane. He decided to send her and his gold – about £2350 – to Woolwich. In the following days Pepys witnessed looting, disorder and disruption. On 7 September he went to Paul's Wharf and saw the ruins of St Paul's Cathedral, of his old school and of his father's house. Despite all this destruction, Pepys's house, office and diary had been saved.

The complete and definitive edition of Pepys's diary by Robert Latham and William Matthews was published by Bell & Hyman, London, in 1970–1983.
It is one of England's prized possessions

Some of the older editions of the diary are available online.
There are also two encyclopedic sites about Pepys based on these free editions
As well as other sites about Pepys.

Jorge Guillén

Jorge Guillén y Álvarez (January 18, 1893 – February 6, 1984) was a Spanish poet, a member of the Generation of '27.

Jorge Guillén was born in Valladolid. His life paralleled that of his friend Pedro Salinas, whom he succeeded as a Spanish teaching assistant at the Collège de Sorbonne in the University of Paris from 1917 to 1923. He was also a professor at the University of Murcia from 1925 to 1929, the University of Oxford from 1929 to 1931, and the University of Seville from 1932 to 1938. Exiled, he was forced to establish himself in the United States to continue his postsecondary teaching. He was a professor of Spanish at Wellesley College from 1941 to 1967. He retired to Italy, where he married for the second time. He later moved to the city of Málaga. In 1977, he was awarded the Miguel de Cervantes Prize, one of the most prestigious prizes for Spanish-language writers. He died in Málaga in 1984, age 91.


Albatross

Albatrosses are large seabirds which belong to the biological family Diomedeidae. They live in the region of the Southern Ocean and the North Pacific Ocean. They are not found in the North Atlantic region, but their fossils have been found there, which shows that they used to live there. There are four main species of albatross: Great Albatrosses, North Pacific Albatrosses, Mollymawks and Sooty Albatrosses. These are divided into twenty-one species identified by the World Conservation Union (ICUN).

Great Albatrosses are among the largest of flying birds. They are very big. All albatrosses are very good at flying, spending much of their life in the air. They eat squid, fish and krill. Albatrosses come ashore to make their nests, mostly on islands, and usually near the nests of other birds.

Nineteen of the twenty-one species of albatross are endangered. This is partly because animals such as rats and cats attack their eggs, chicks, and sometimes adult birds as well. Pollution of the oceans, such as plastic waste and oils spills, also kills albatrosses. Sometimes there may be not enough fish to eat because of over-fishing. The main reason why albatross are endangered is longline fishing which causes many albatross to get caught on hooks that have been baited to catch fish. This causes the birds to drown.

Albatrosses are very large. The bill is large, strong and sharp. This bill is made of horny plates. Along the sides are the two "tubes". They are actually long nostrils. The tubes of all albatrosses are on the sides of the bill. They help the albatrosses develop their sense of smell a lot. The feet have no last toe and the three other toes are all webbed. Their legs are quite strong, and they can walk well on land, unlike other sea birds.

Albatrosses need to take salt out of their body because they drink ocean water. All birds have a large gland at the top part of their bill, above their eyes. This gland is sometimes useless to birds that do not need it. However, albatrosses use them to help take out saltwater. Scientists are not sure how it works exactly. However, they know that it helps take out the salt. It makes a liquid that makes the saltwater drip out of their nose.

The adult albatrosses usually have a dark upper-wing and back, and white undersides when they are getting ready to take flight. Albatrosses take several years to get their full adult feathers.

The wings of the largest albatrosses (genus "Diomedea") can be up to .

Albatrosses flying north from their family sometimes fly in a clockwise direction, and those flying south will fly the opposite. The most energy used up in their journey is not when they travel a long way, but when they land, take-off, and hunt. This helps the albatross fly more longer distances and find good food. They can fly easily over wind and waves. However, because their long wings do not have strong muscles or energy, they cannot flap while they fly. Because of this, albatrosses in calm seas must stop and rest on the surface of the ocean until the wind begins to blow harder. When taking-off, albatrosses need to run first to help the wing make lift. Albatrosses are known for their clumsiness when landing.

Most albatrosses are found in the southern hemisphere from Antarctica to Australia, South Africa and South America. However, the four North Pacific albatrosses live elsewhere. Three of them are in the North Pacific, from Hawaii to Japan, California and Alaska. The last one, the Waved Albatross, is in the Galapagos Islands and finds food in the coast of South America.

It is not known clearly why the albatrosses became extinct in the North Atlantic. Some think that it was because the sea level rose at that time. Some kind of albatrosses that live in the south have usually been trapped in the North Atlantic, and are forced to stay there for a long time.

Sometimes scientists may use the satellite when trying to learn about albatrosses. They try to find out about the way albatrosses go across the ocean to find food with the satellites. There is proof that the sea separates different kinds of species of the Albatross. There is also proof of different pathways for the two sexes of the same kind of species. A study of Tristan Albatrosses living on the Gough Island showed that males look for food on the west and the females go around the east.

The albatross eats cephalopods, fish, crustaceans and offal. Sometimes, they may also eat carrion and or other kinds of zooplankton. However, the importance of each food is different according to each species. Some may like to eat only squids, or others might eat more krill or fish. From the two albatross species that live in Hawaii, one of them, the Black-footed Albatross, eats mostly fish. The other one, the Laysan Albatross, eats more squids instead.

Sometimes albatrosses may use the help of other animals to eat. For example, some squids are too big to be caught alive by the albatross. Instead, albatrosses eat squids that die after mating, or after they have been vomited by squid-eating whales (such as sperm whales and pilot whales). Other species, like the Black-browed Albatross or the Grey-headed Albatross, eat smaller species of squid that sink after they die, and they do not scavenge a lot. Also, sometimes the Waved Albatross has been seen stealing food from other birds.

Until now, it was thought that the albatrosses ate and found their food at the surface of the sea, this included dead squid and fish pushed to the surface by the waves, other animals that had eaten them, or death. This was thought because some species do not dive deeper than a metre. However, this theory was not true because some species have a mean (average) diving depth of almost 5 metres and can dive as deep as 12.5 metres. They have now been seen to eat from the surface, diving to catch prey and sometimes also plunging from the air to snatch their prey.

Albatrosses live together, and they usually nest on islands where no people live. Many Buller's Albatrosses and Black-footed Albatrosses nest under trees in open forest. Albatrosses usually come back to their own group after leaving for a while to find a mate. This is one of their strongest instinct, and the study of Laysan Albatross showed that the normal distance between the place where it was hatched and the place where the bird made its own territory was 22m (72 ft).

Like most seabirds, albatrosses live much longer than other birds. They also do not look for their mate for a long time, and do not have a lot of young. Some kinds of albatrosses live up to 50 years. The oldest albatross recorded was the Northern Royal Albatross that lived for 61 years.
Before albatrosses mate, they group together and spend lots of years practicing the mating rules and special "dances" that the family is famous for.

When the albatrosses learn these kind of actions and dances, they also learn things such as pointing, calling, making noises with their bill, staring, and sometimes all of them put together. When a bird first comes it will dance with many other albatrosses, but after a few years, the number of birds it will dance with will lessen until one of the birds are chosen. After becoming a pair, they will never use that dance again.

Albatrosses have a hard time laying their children. It takes a lot of time for an albatross to lay an egg and raise a chick. The great albatrosses take over a year to raise a chick. Albatrosses lay one egg, white with reddish brown spots. But if the egg is taken by other predators or accidentally broken, the parents will not lay another egg for that whole year. The larger eggs weigh from 200–510 g (7.1–18 oz). Two albatrosses do not usually "divorce". This sometimes may happen if several years passed without being able to lay a single egg.

All the albatrosses in the south live in large nests. They make it with grass, soil, and sometimes penguin feathers. The Waved Albatross, however, does not make a nest but instead moves its egg around the pair’s territory, as much as 50 m (160 ft). This may sometimes make it lose the egg. In all albatross species, both parents incubate the egg from between one day and three weeks. Incubation lasts around 70 to 80 days. This time may become more longer for the larger albatrosses. When they do this, it takes a lot of energy, and the adult can lose as much as 83 g (2.9 oz) of body weight a day.
After hatching, the chick is taken care of and guarded for three weeks until it is large enough to take care of and fight for itself. During this time the parents feed the chick small meals. After the chick has grown a little older, it is fed in bigger meals by both parents. The parents both take turns to go and find food, that are about 12% of their body weight (around 600 g (21 oz)). They find food such as fresh squid, fish and krill.

Albatross chicks take a long time to fledge (learn how to fly). In the case of more bigger albatrosses, it can take up to 280 days. And even for the smaller albatrosses, it can take from 140 to 170 days. Like many seabirds, albatross chicks later become even heavier than their mother and father. When they are preparing their body for flying, they may also grow flight feathers, which makes them sometimes as heavy as their parents. Between 15% and 65% of those who fledged survive to find their mate after. Albatross chicks learn to fly on their own. Their parents do not teach them, and instead they return to the nest even after their chick has left.

The name "albatross" came from the Arabic word "al-câdous" or "al-ġaţţās". This means a pelican, or can mean "the diver". This word later became English, also mixed with the Portuguese word "alcatraz", which means "gannet". This is also where the name of the prison Alcatraz comes from. The "OED" explains that the word "alcatraz" was at first supposed to be used for the frigatebird. But perhaps the change of the word to "albatross" was because of the Latin word "albus". This means "white", which is opposite to the frigatebirds which are black. In Portuguese, the word still presently used for the bird, "albatroz," came from the English albatross.

They were once known as Goonie birds or Gooney birds, especially the albatrosses in the North Pacific. In the southern hemisphere, most people still call the albatross mollymawk, which came from the word "malle-mugge", an old Dutch. The name "Diomedea", given to the albatrosses by Linnaeus, is from the story about the Greek warrior Diomedes becoming a bird.

Albatrosses have been described as "the most legendary of all birds". When people are sad or feel they are carrying a burden, they may use the expression 'to have an albatross around their neck'. There is a myth that sailors do not shoot or eat albatrosses because they think it will bring bad luck, but in reality sailors regularly killed and ate them. They were often thought of as the souls of lost sailors. The Māori people used the wing bones of the albatross to carve tattoos into their skin at ceremonies.

Even though they were legendary birds in many myths, albatrosses were still attacked by humans. In the beginning, Polynesians and Aleut people hunted albatrosses. As Europeans began to explore the world, they too began to hunt albatross. They "fished" for them from boats and ate them or killed them for sport.

In the Midway Islands there have been many airplane crashes because of collisions with Laysan Albatrosses, causing fatalities in both the albatross and human population. Tall towers killed 3000 birds in between the years 1964-1965. Because of this, the towers were taken down. Recently, people have tried to stop human activity in the islands and this has helped lessen the number of birds dying.

Another threat to albatrosses are introduced species, like rats or feral cats (cats that live without being cared for by people), which attack the albatross or its chicks and eggs. Albatrosses have lived on islands where there are few land mammals and they are not adapted to defend themselves against them. Even animals such as mice can be dangerous. For example, on Gough Island the chicks of Tristan Albatrosses are often attacked and eaten alive by house mice.

Sometimes albatrosses, as well as many other kinds of seabirds, are killed because they eat plastic. The amount of plastic eaten in the seas has increased very quickly since the first record in the 1960s. This is because of waste thrown overboard by ships and trash dumped in the ocean. Sometimes litter on beaches has been washed into the sea by rivers. It is impossible to digest plastic, and the undigested plastic stops other food from being digested. This makes birds starve and die. The plastic can even be vomited out and fed to the chicks by the parents. Although plastic is not the main reason why albatrosses die, it is still a serious problem.

Scientists and people who try to help albatrosses are working with governments and fishermen to stop these threats. They have come up with solutions such as fishing at night, dying the bait a blue color to hide it from the albatrosses, setting the bait under the water, and more. For example, a study by some scientists and fishermen in New Zealand tested putting the fishing lines below the reach of certain kinds of albatross species. The use of some of these ideas has been successful by stopping the number of Black-browed Albatross that died in the last 10 years. Conservationists have also worked on taking away introduced species to protect the albatrosses.

One important step towards protecting albatrosses and other seabirds is the 2001 treaty known as the Agreement on the Conservation of Albatrosses and Petrels, signed by thirteen countries, Australia, Argentina, Brazil, Chile, Ecuador, New Zealand, Norway, Spain, South Africa, France, Peru, Uruguay and the United Kingdom. One of the Agreement's key activities is to provide expert advice on seabird bycatch mitigation to fisheries managers, both in domestic and high seas fisheries.



Proxima Centauri

Proxima Centauri is a red dwarf star that is likely a part of the Alpha Centauri star system and is the closest star to the Sun at a distance of 
. It is in the constellation of Centaurus.

Proxima Centauri was found to share the same proper motion as Alpha Centauri in 1915 by Robert Innes while he was Director of the Union Observatory in Johannesburg, South Africa.

In 1951, Harlow Shapley said that Proxima Centauri was a flare star. Recorded photographs showed that the star became measurably brighter about 8% of the time, making it the most active flare star then found.

Red dwarfs are usually far too faint to be seen with the naked eye, that means without a telescope. Proxima Centauri has an apparent magnitude of 11 while its absolute magnitude is a very dim 15.5. Even from Alpha Centauri A or B, Proxima would only be seen as a 5th magnitude star.

Proxima Centauri has been the closest star to the Sun for about the last 32,000 years. Barnard's Star will make its closest approach to the Sun around AD 11,700, when it approaches to within about 3.8 light-years. However, at that time, it will "not" be the nearest star, since Proxima Centauri will then have moved even closer to the Sun. Six stars will come closer to Earth in the next 45,000 years.

In 2016, an exoplanet was found by the European Southern Observatory around Proxima Centauri, Proxima Centauri b (or Proxima b). It was found in the habitable zone, and was thought to be Earth-like, with an ESI of 0.87. While being Earth-like, it may not be habitable on the surface, since Proxima Centauri gives off strong solar flares and high solar winds, which could strip away parts of the atmosphere of the planet, making it less habitable.

In October of 2016, scientists at France's CNRS research institute said that the planet may have oceans on its surface, and a thin atmosphere. If this idea is true or not is not known.

Another planet, Proxima Centauri c, much farther out than b, was discovered in 2019. It is seven times heavier (more massive) than Earth. It is too cold to be habitable. Because it showed up brighter than expected when photos of it were taken, it may have a ring system five times wider than that of Jupiter.



San Jacinto fault

The San Jacinto Fault Zone is a series of faults that run through Southern California. It is said to be a sister fault of the older, much more famous San Andreas Fault. Some cities that are directly on the fault zone include San Bernardino, San Jacinto, and Hemet. This fault could create a large earthquake that could greatly affect Greater Los Angeles.

Dhammapada

The Dhammapāda is a Buddhist scripture which includes sayings by the Gautama Buddha himself.

Chant

A chant is a type of song. It usually repeats, and is used in religious services around the world, as well as by many nonreligious groups.

Chants are also common in sport matches, usually consisting of words to do with players, football, or the team.

Habenaria mossii

Habenaria mossii is a species of plant in the Orchidaceae family. It is naturally found in South Africa. Its natural habitat is mild grassland. It is threatened by habitat loss. 


22 (number)

Twenty-two is a number. It comes between twenty-one and twenty-three, and is an even number. It is divisible by 1, 2, 11, and 22.

In Roman numerals, 22 is written as XXII.

23 (number)

Twenty-three is a natural number. It comes between twenty-two and twenty-four, and is an odd number. It is also the 9th prime number, after 2, 3, 5, 7, 11, 13, 17, and 19.

Adelite

Adelite is a rare mineral. It is a calcium, magnesium, arsenate with chemical formula CaMgAsOOH. Adelite was named from the Greek word for indistinct.

It can be blueish-gray, green, gray, yellow, or light green in color. It is made of crystals. Adelite is not radioactive. It is scratched easily with apatite.

The mineral was first described in 1891 in Värmland, Sweden. It can be found in Flipistad, Sweden. 

The Naked Brothers Band

The Naked Brothers Band is a musical comedy television series that airs on Nickelodeon created by actress Polly Draper. It stars her real-life sons Nat and Alex Wolff, real-life brothers that deal with fame and living their lives as rockstars. The show is shot in the style of a documentary, which exaggerates the real musical experiences of the brothers', who self-write all of their own music. The series started in January 2007 and ended in 2009. The show began with the pilot episode "The Naked Brothers Band: The Movie", a low budget pretend documentary. It also has another movie, "Battle of the Bands". The second season of the series will started in January 2008 after the premiere of the new NBB movie "Sidekicks".

Matterhorn

The Matterhorn (in German; , or "Le Cervin") is ranked, by height, 12th mountain in the European Alps. Its height is 4,478 metres.

The mountain is on the border between Switzerland and Italy, it towers over the Swiss village of Zermatt and the Italian village Breuil-Cervinia in the Val Tournanche. The name of the mountain comes from the German words "Matte", meaning "valley" or "meadow", and "Horn", which means "peak".


Notes


Jura (department)

Jura is a department in the east of France in the Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region. It is named after the Jura mountains.

The largest city in the department is Dole but its prefecture (capital) is the city of Lons-le-Saunier.

Historically, Jura belonged to the Free County of Burgundy, known in French as the Franche-Comté. Dole was the capital until the region was conquered by Louis XIV. Louis XIV moved the capital to Besançon and Dole is now a "sous-préfecture" of Jura.

As early as the 13th century, inhabitants of the southern 2/3 of Jura spoke a dialect of Arpitan language. It continued to be spoken in rural areas into the 20th century.

Jura is one of the original 83 departments created during the French Revolution on March 4, 1790. It was created from part of the former province of Free County. The department was created with six districts: Dole, Lons-le-Saunier, Orgelet, Poligny, Saint-Claude and Salins; the capital was Lons-le-Saunier alternating with Dole, Poligny and Salins but from 1794 only Lons-le-Saunier remained as the capital.

In 1800, with the creation of the "arrondissements" in France, the six districts were changed into four "arrondissements": Lons-le-Saunier, Dole, Poligny and Saint-Claude. On 10 September 1926, the "arrondissement" of Poligny was eliminated.

Jura is part of the Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region. It has an area of .

The department borders with 5 departments in two regions. The Swiss canton of Vaud is to the southeast.


The highest point in the department is Crêt Pela (), high; it is also the highest mountain of the Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region. The "Crêt Pela" mountain is in the "Forêt du Massacre", Jura mountain range.

Many lakes can be found throughout the Jura department. The largest natural lake in the department is the Lac De Chalain. It is long and wide. Lac de Vouglans was formed after the building of a hydro-electric dam; it is one of the largest man-made lakes in France.

The Ain river starts in the Jura department but it is the main river of the Ain department. The Doubs also flows through a part of the department. Many tributaries of both rivers flow, partially or completely, in the Jura department.

The climate of the Jura varies greatly by elevation. The lower valleys are temperate and pleasant, but the high mountain valleys have bitterly cold winters.

Jura is managed by the "Departmental Council of Jura" in Lons-le-Saunier. The department is part of the Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region.

There are 3 "arrondissements" (districts), 17 "cantons" and 509 "communes" (municipalities) in Jura.

The following is a list of the 17 cantons of the Jura department (with their INSEE codes), following the French canton reorganisation which came into effect in March 2015:
Jura had a population, in 2014, of 260,681, for a population density of inhabitants/km. The "arrondissement" of Lons-le-Saunier, with 126,071 inhabitants, is the "arrondissement" with more inhabitants.
Evolution of the population in Jura

The cities with more than inhabitants in the department are:

Jura is a wine-growing region. The Jura wines are very distinctive and unusual wines, such as vin jaune, which is made by a similar process to sherry. It develops under a flor of yeast. This is made from the local Savagnin grape variety. Other grape varieties include Poulsard, Trousseau, and Chardonnay.

The Jura mountains provide ample opportunities for hiking, skiing, mountain biking and other winter sports.



Fray

Fray is an eight-issue comic book series. It is a spin-off of the television series "Buffy the Vampire Slayer". The series is written by "Buffy" creator Joss Whedon. "Fray" tells the story of a Slayer named Melaka Fray. She is the "chosen one" in a time where vampires (called "lurks") are common, and the difference between rich and poor people is even greater. 

The series was published by Dark Horse Comics beginning in 2001. In a short video promoting the charity Equality Now Joss Whedon said that "Fray is not done, Fray is coming back. More than that, I will not say." This was repeated in 2007's Comic Con where Joss said that he would "absolutely would be returning to that world." 

The series was closely linked to the seventh season of "Buffy". It includes the Slayer's mystical scythe and her origins. Melaka Fray also appears in the story "Tales" in the comic book "Tales of the Slayers". 


Fray's scythe was used in the last three episodes of "Buffy the Vampire Slayer". Buffy Summers, also a vampire Slayer, found the scythe stuck in rock in Sunnydale. The scythe was later used to create fully developed Slayers of the many Potential Slayers. It has never been stated as to how the scythe travelled from Sunnydale, California to New York City through the centuries, or who had it during that time (or how they got it).

In "Fray" it is also explained that sometime in the twenty-first century, "a Slayer, possibly with some mystical allies, faced an apocalyptic army of demons. And when it was done, they were gone. All demons, all magicks, banished from this earthly dimension,". The Slayer, whose fate is unknown, was the last to be called.

Discussing her connection to the Slayer line, Urkonn tells Melaka, "In your dreams, you're someone else. A slave. A princess. A girl in school in a sunlit city." The scar Fray has and her personality are similar to Buffy in the alternate universe created in season 3 episode "The Wish". 


Erik Satie

Erik Alfred Leslie Satie (born Honfleur (France), 17 May 1866; died Paris, 1 July 1925) was a French composer. He is mainly remembered today for his music and the strange ways he behaved. He often gave his music unusual titles such as "Piece in the form of a pear". His best known musical compositions are the three piano pieces which he called "Gymnopédies". The first of these pieces is a very famous piece of music: it is a simple tune over a gentle accompaniment. Satie sometimes used unusual instruments such as sirens and typewriters.

Satie was more than just an unusual man. He was very important in the development of music in France in the late 19th and early 20th century. He was important because of the ideas he had, and many people were influenced by him. Satie used ways of composing such as very chromatic music and Minimalism before many other people. These ways of writing music became more common later in the century. Satie was not a brilliant composer, but he was happy to compose well in a simple way. He was also interested in other arts such as literature and painting and he was associated with the new ideas called "esprit nouveau" (new spirit) which was fashionable in France around the time of World War I.

He was born Alfred Eric Leslie Satie, but as a grown-up he always spelled his name “Erik”. His father had been in the shipping business, but the family then moved to Paris. He was still quite young when his mother died and he was sent back to his birthplace, Honfleur, to be brought up by his father’s parents. However, his grandmother drowned, so he was sent back to Paris again where his father taught him. His father had married again. His new wife was a pianist and sent young Eric to have piano lessons at the Paris Conservatoire.

Satie hated his piano lessons. His teacher said that he was the laziest pupil in the Conservatoire. He was bad at sight-reading, but he continued with his lessons because this would make it possible for him to do just one year of military service instead of five. In fact, he did less than a year in the army because he deliberately got himself ill with bronchitis. While he was getting better he started to compose. His father published a few songs he had written. However, he did not get on well with his family and he left home in 1887.

Satie soon got to know many people in the famous cabaret Chat Noir. He grew his hair long and wore a frock coat and a top hat. He wrote a ballet which most people found shocking. He became friends with Debussy who was one of the only people who understood the serious reasons for Satie’s unusual behaviour.

In 1890 he moved to new rooms on a top floor of a house so that people to whom he owed money could not get at him. He tried to compose in a simple style and became interested in mystical religion and Gothic art. He inherited a small amount of money with which he bought himself seven velvet suits which were all exactly the same: one for each day of the week. He started a church called Église Métropolitaine d’Art de Jésus Conducteur (Metropolitan Church of Art of Conductor Jesus), but nobody belonged to the church except himself.

At the end of 1898 he moved to Arceuil, a suburb of Paris. He spent the rest of his life there. He stopped performing in public and earned money by playing the piano in cafés and pubs. Every morning he walked the 10 kilometres into Paris, stopping on the way at cafés to drink or compose. He wore a bowler hat, wing collar and always carried a rolled-up umbrella. If it was raining he kept his umbrella underneath his coat to keep it dry. He also carried a hammer in case anyone attacked him. Late at night he walked home again or took the last train back. His flat was a terrible mess.

In 1905, at the age of 39, he became a student again and studied music at the Schola Cantorum. He wanted to become a better composer. He learned how to write fugues. He still liked to use parody in his music.

In 1911 Maurice Ravel played some of Satie’s piano pieces in public. Suddenly people began to take notice of Satie. They realized that he had been one of the first Impressionist composers. Debussy conducted his "Gymnopédies" in his arrangement for orchestra. Music critics started to write articles about Satie. He was at last becoming famous. He had some humorous piano pieces published. He was earning some money from his compositions, so he was able to give up playing in cabarets. He met Jean Cocteau who introduced him to Diaghilev for whom he wrote the music for "Parade". Some people loved it, some hated it, but people were taking notice of him. He was asked to write more theatre music. He was a very important influence on the six composers who were known as Les Six. He was asked to write a symphonic drama which he called "Socrate". Many musicians think it is his best piece.

In the 1920s he wrote many articles for newspapers and journals and became associated with the art movement known as Dada. His ballets "Relâche" and "Mercure" both shocked the audiences when they were first performed. "Relâche" is an early example of what later became the theatre of alienation.

Satie drank a lot of alcohol and became ill. He got cirrhosis of the liver and died in 1925. When his friends entered his flat after he died, there was so much mess that they had to throw away two cartloads of rubbish before they could get at his papers and manuscripts.

Satie was involved with dance, theatre and cabaret for most of his life and that is what much of his music is written for. He was always trying out new ideas in his music. He was capable of writing in a late Romantic style with chromatic harmonies, but he also wrote in more modern styles, often using very simple ideas. He was always more interested in beautiful melodies than in writing complicated rhythms. His three "Gymnopédies" are still extremely popular. They seem to come from an old-fashioned world where there is great simplicity. His three "Gnossiennes" (1890) sound more Oriental, and Satie wrote some very strange remarks in the music. His piano piece "Vexations" (1893) is a short piece with strange, chromatic chords, which the pianist is then supposed to play 840 times. "Uspud" was an early example of what later became the “Theatre of the Absurd”. The text was all written in lower-case letters: the first time this had ever been done. He wrote many cabaret songs.

Later, after he had studied at the Schola Cantorum, he became famous, and then wrote lots of piano pieces with funny titles and strange comments (e.g. “like a nightingale with toothache”). "Parade" has strange instruments such as typewriters. "Socrate" was his most serious work.

After his death all the people he had insulted wrote about Satie that he was a bad composer. As a result he was almost forgotten until the 1960s when John Cage became interested in his music and made it popular again. Many Surrealist artists were often inspired by Satie’s music and ideas.

Arachniodes

Arachniodes is a genus of fern in family Dryopteridaceae. It has the following species (but this list may not have all species):

Dryopteridaceae

The Dryopteridaceae is a family of ferns that can be found almost anywhere on the world.

Many are cultivated as ornamental plants.

Grain size

Particle size, also called grain size, means the diameter of individual grains of sediment, or the lithified particles in clastic rocks. The term may also be used for other granular materials.

In some schemes "gravel" is anything larger than sand (>2.0 mm), and includes "granule", "pebble", "cobble", and "boulder" in the above table. In this scheme, "pebble" covers the size range 4 to 64 mm (−2 to −6 φ).


Rock flour

Rock flour, or glacial flour, consists of clay-sized particles of rock, generated by glacial erosion or by artificial grinding to a similar size. Because the material is very small, it is suspended in river water making the water appear cloudy. If the river flows into a glacial lake, the lake may appear turquoise in color as a result. Examples of this are Lake Louise, Canada and Gjende lake in Norway.

Some agronomists believe that rock flour has a powerful effect in restoring trace minerals to soil. An early experimeter was the German miller Julius Hensel, author of "Bread from Stones", who reported successful results with "steinmehl" (stonemeal) in the 1890s. His ideas were not taken up through technical limitations and, according to proponents of his method, opposition from the champions of conventional fertilisers.


Virginia opossum

The Virginia opossum ("Didelphis virginiana") is the only species of North American marsupial. It is sometimes called a possum, but that refers more correctly to a group of Australian marsupials. 

An opossum is about the size of a house cat. It has grizzled white and gray fur. Adult opossums weigh about 2-6 kg (4-14 lbs). They live alone, are active at night, and they are good climbers.

People can find this opossum in the eastern United States, and along the west coast from British Columbia and to Baja California. They like to live in forests, brushy areas, and farmland.

Motor ship

A motor ship is a ship moved through water by an engine, usually a diesel engine. The name of motor ships are often prefixed with MS or M/S.

24 (number)

Twenty-four is a number. It comes between twenty-three and twenty-five, and is an even number. It is divisible by 1, 2, 3, 4, 6, 8, 12, and 24.

"24" is also the name of a popular television show in the United States.

25 (number)

Twenty-five is a number. It comes between twenty-four and twenty-six, and is an odd number. It is also the 5th square number, after 1, 4, 9, and 16.

Passo de Camaragibe

Passo de Camaragibe is a municipality in Brazil. It is on the northern coast of the Brazilian state of Alagoas. About 13,544 people live there (2005). Its area is .

Radlin

Radlin is a town in Wodzisław County, Silesian Voivodeship, Poland, with about 17,673 people (2004).


Particle size (general)

The term particle size is used to compare dimensions of different small material objects.

Larger objects are usually called stone, rock, a piece of something, etc. The term "particle" indicates small size, usually less than centimeter. Particle might be either solid, or liquid, or even gas. Liquid particles are called "droplets". Gaseous particles are "bubbles". All of them can be characterised in terms of size.


But a typical material object is likely to be irregular in shape. This causes ambiguity in definition of "particle size". Existing definitions are based on replacent of a given particle with imaginary sphere that has one of the properties identical with the particle.


Chichester

Chichester is a small cathedral city in West Sussex, England, with a population of 26,795 (2011 Census). It is quite near the sea, and near to a harbour for yachts.

The City of Chichester is twinned with:

There are many buildings in the centre of Chichester which have interesting architecture. The oldest building is Chichester Cathedral. There are many beautiful houses in the Cathedral precincts. In many parts of the city one can still see the old city walls, and it is possible to walk along the top in some places. There is an old butter market dating from 1808. A century later another storey was added on top.

Just to the north of Chichester is the Goodwood race course. Many people go there in the summer to watch the horse races. Goodwood is in the South Downs which is a beautiful area for walking.

Chichester is an old Roman town. In the centre of Chichester are four main streets: North Street, South Street, East Street and West Street. These four streets meet in the centre, where there is a small round building with a cross: the Chichester cross. The four main streets form an area which is mostly pedestrianized. Chichester Cathedral stands near the centre, between West Street and South Street. Further to the north lies the area of Summersdale and the conservation area around Graylingwell Hospital. South of Chichester is a canal which links the city to the sea. Soon after it was built in the 19th century the railway came to Chichester so that the canal was not used for long. The canal was left in a bad state for many years until, more recently, it was restored. Some of it can be used by small boats, and there are reedbeds where birds can breed.

There is a Roman Museum near Fishbourne, just west of the city, where many Roman remains can be seen, including a palace which once stood there.

Chichester is a Fairtrade City. Suppliers of Fairtrade are shown by a green dot in the web directory.

Because Chichester is so historic it has been divided into eight conservation areas. People are very anxious that the town should not lose its historic character.

Every year in July, a three-week festival, the Chichester Festivities, takes place. Then in August since 2007 there has been a week long I AM JOY Arts and Music festival held across different venues in the city. The Chichester Festival Theatre has productions for most of the year. It is one of the most famous theatres outside London.

Pallant House Gallery won the 2007 gallery of the year Gulbenkian Prize. It has a lot of modern British art.

The Joy Gallery, open from December 2008 to November 2009, showcased emerging and established artists from the local area.

Chichester has its own amateur orchestra, the Chichester Symphony Orchestra, which gives three concerts during the year.

Chichester RAJF (From "Real Ale and Jazz Festival") gives a four-day festival of music and real ale held each July in tents beside the 13th century Guildhall in Priory Park.

There is plenty of sport in Chichester. Chichester R.F.C. are a central team and rugby club. There is a large swimming pool with fitness rooms and sports hall. There are tennis courts near the Festival Theatre.

Chichester has several schools, including Chichester High School for Boys, Chichester High School for Girls, Bishop Luffa School and Prebendal School which is linked to the Cathedral. There is a University of Chichester which, until recently, was known as Bishop Otter College.

Several roads lead into Chichester. The A27, which runs along the south coast, now bypasses the city. There are rail links to London, Gatwick, Portsmouth, Southampton and Basingstoke. Many years ago there was a small train which went to Midhurst, and even a tram to Selsey. Nowadays busses go to these towns. They depart from the central bus station near the railway station.


Admontite

Admontite is a mineral that is colorless in color and is made of crystals. It is named for Admont, Austria, which is where they found the first example of it. They found the first example of it in a gypsum deposit. Gypsum and calcite both easily scratch this mineral, and it easily breaks as well. Admontite is not radioactive. Admontite is not edible.

Hydrology

Hydrology is the study of movement, distribution, and quality of water throughout the Earth. A person who studies hydrology is called a hydrologist.

The central theme of hydrology is how the water circulates. This is called the water cycle. The most vivid illustration of it is the water evaporation from the ocean with the formation of clouds. These clouds drift over the land and produce rain.


Semicircle

In geometry, a semicircle is a two-dimensional geometric shape that forms half of a circle. Being half of a circle's 360° (360 degrees), the arc of a semicircle always measures 180°. A triangle inscribed in a semicircle is always a right triangle.


Hurricane Camille

Hurricane Camille was the third named storm and second hurricane of the 1969 Atlantic hurricane season. Camille was the second of three Category 5 hurricanes to make landfall in the United States during the 20th century, which it did near the mouth of the Mississippi River on the night of August 17, resulting in catastrophic damage.

The storm formed on August 14 and rapidly deepened. It scraped the western edge of Cuba at Category 3 strength. Camille strengthened further over the Gulf of Mexico and made landfall with a pressure of 900 mbar (hPa), estimated sustained winds of 200;mph (305 km/h), and a peak storm surge of 24 feet (7.3 m); by maximum sustained wind speeds, Camille was the strongest landfalling tropical cyclone recorded worldwide, and one of only four tropical cyclones worldwide ever to achieve wind speeds of 190 mph. The hurricane flattened nearly everything along the coast of the U.S. state of Mississippi, and caused additional flooding and deaths inland while crossing the Appalachian Mountains of Virginia. In total, Camille killed 259 people and caused $1.42 billion (1969 USD, $9.14 billion 2005 USD) in damages.


1935 Labor Day hurricane

The Labor Day Hurricane of 1935 was the strongest tropical cyclone during the 1935 Atlantic hurricane season. The second tropical cyclone, second hurricane, and second intense hurricane of the season was the most intense Atlantic hurricane that affected the United States, and it remains the first of three Category 5 hurricanes that struck the country. After forming as a weak tropical storm east of the Bahamas on August 29, it slowly proceeded westward, became a hurricane on September 1, and underwent rapid intensification prior to striking the upper Florida Keys on September 2. After landfall at its peak intensity, it continued northwest along the Florida west coast, and it weakened prior to landfall near Cedar Key on September 4.

The large and strong hurricane caused severe damage in the upper Florida Keys, and a storm surge about 18 to 20 feet affected the region. The hurricane's strong winds destroyed most of the buildings in the Islamorada area, and many World War I veteran workers were killed by the storm surge. Portions of the Key West Extension of the Florida East Coast Railroad were severely damaged or destroyed. The hurricane also caused additional damage in northwest Florida, Georgia, and the Carolinas. In total, more than 400 people were killed.


Vahan Totovents

Vahan Hovhannesi Totovents (; September 1, 1889 - July 18, 1938) was an Armenian writer, poet and public activist.

Vahan Totovents was born in Mezire, Western Armenia (modern Turkey). He studied in Armenia and Istanbul, then at Wisconsin University which he finished in 1915.

He was a volunteer in the Caucasian front during World War I, and served as the bodyguard and translator for the secretary of General Andranik Ozanian, about whom he wrote memoires and published them in 1920. In Tbilisi Totovents edited the "Hayastan" paper, the official organ of Andranik.

Since 1922 he lived in Yerevan, Soviet Armenia. In 1938 he became a victim of Stalinism.

The works of Totovents were published from 1907. He is the author of "Doctor Burbonian" (1918), "Death battalion" (1923), "New York" (1927), "Baku" (v. 1-3, 1930-34), "Jonathan, Son of Jeremiah" novels, stories and dramas. He influenced to Armenian literature especially by his "Life on the Old Roman Road" autobiographical novel (1930, "A piece of sky" film by Henrik Malian) which "reflect the society, culture, and mores not only of the Armenians of his childhood but also of their neighbors in the waning days of the Ottoman Empire".


Leonid Azkaldian

Leonid Azkaldian (; November 22, 1942 in Tbilisi – June 21, 1992 in Martakert) was an Armenian physicist and one of the founders and the commander of "Liberation Army" military organization. 

Leonid Azkaldian was born on November 22, 1942, in Tbilisi, Georgian SSR. In 1959, he graduated from Askanaz Mravyan school and in 1960, he was admitted into Physics Department of Moscow State University. He later transferred and graduated with honors from the same department of Yerevan State University. After graduation, he worked in many spheres in national economy of USSR.

Leonid Azkaldian was one of the creators of Karabakh movement and a military leader. From February of 1990, he planned and organized the defense of several regions of Armenia and Nagorno-Karabakh (a part of Azerbaijan). In June, 1991, with Hovsep Hovsepyan co-founded and commanded the "Liberation army" military organization whose goal was to preserve the self-determination and defense of the local Armenian population of Nagorno-Karabakh. He was killed in 21 June, 1992 in the Tonashen village of Martakert region of occupied Nagorno-Karabakh. After his death, he was awarded with the Order of the Combat Cross of the First Degree.


Central United States

The Central United States is sometimes conceived as between the Eastern United States and Western United States as part of a three-region model, roughly coincident with the Midwestern United States plus the western and central portions of the Southern United States; the term is also sometimes used more or less as a synonym for the Midwest, leaving out all or most of the South. 

The Census Bureau does not provide a standard definition of "Central" region of the United States, and organizations that need to subdivide the US are free to define a "Central" region to fit their needs.


International Committee of the Red Cross

The International Committee of the Red Cross (ICRC) is a "private" humanitarian organisation based in Geneva, Switzerland.

The ICRC has a special job, based on the Geneva Conventions as well as other international humanitarian law, to protect the victims of international and internal armed conflicts. This includes people hurt in war, prisoners, refugees, civilians, and other non-combatants. But the ICRC is a private organisation. It is not controlled by any government, group of governments or international organisation

It is the oldest organisation within the International Red Cross and Red Crescent Movement and one of the most widely recognized organisations in the world. It is also the most honoured. The ICRC has won three Nobel Peace Prizes; in 1917, 1944, and 1963.

Up until the middle of the 19th century, there was no organized army nursing for casualties and no safe place to house and treat the injured soldiers.

Swiss businessman Henry Dunant saw the Battle of Solferino, in the Austro-Sardinian War. The battle only lasted one day, but about 40,000 soldiers on both sides were killed or were left severely hurt on the battlefield.

Dunant was shocked by the suffering of the wounded soldiers, and the lack of medical help. He cancelled his trip to see Emperor Napoleon III and spent several days helping to treat and care for the wounded.

He wrote a book about what he saw, called "A Memory of Solferino". he published it with his own money in 1862, and sent copies of the book to leading political and military figures throughout Europe. The book did not only describe what Dunant saw, but called for the setting up of national voluntary relief organisations to help nurse wounded soldiers in the case of war. Dunant also called for international treaties to guarantee the neutrality and protection for the wounded and for medics and field hospitals.
The Geneva Society for Public Welfare set up a committee to try to organise an international conference about Dunant's idea. The "Committee of the Five" met on 9 February 1863, the members were:

The committee soon changed its name to the "International Committee for Relief to the Wounded".

In October 1863, the international conference it organised took place in Geneva to talk about improving medical services on the battle field.

31 people joined the committee at the conference: eighteen official delegates from national governments, six delegates from other non-governmental organisations, and seven non-official foreign delegates. The official delegates came from:
The conference wanted:


Only one year later, the Swiss government invited the governments of all European countries, as well as the United States, Brazil, and Mexico, to attend an official diplomatic conference. Sixteen countries sent a total of twenty-six delegates to Geneva. On 22 August 1864, the conference adopted the first Geneva Convention "for the Amelioration of the Condition of the Wounded in Armies in the Field". Representatives of 12 states and kingdoms signed the convention: Baden, Belgium, Denmark, France, Hesse, Italy, the Netherlands, Portugal, Prussia, Switzerland, Spain, and Württemberg. The convention contained ten articles, establishing for the first time legally binding rules guaranteeing neutrality and protection for wounded soldiers, field medical personnel, and specific humanitarian institutions in an armed conflict.

Also, the convention had two requirements before a national relief society would be recognised by the International Committee:


The first national societies were founded in Belgium, Denmark, France, Oldenburg, Prussia, Spain, and Württemberg. Also in 1864, Louis Appia and Charles van de Velde, a captain of the Dutch Army, became the first independent and neutral delegates to work under the symbol of the Red Cross in an armed conflict. Three years later in 1867, the first International Conference of National Aid Societies for the Nursing of the War Wounded was convened.

Dunant left the committee in 1867 after arguing with other members. In 1876, the committee changed its name to the"International Committee of the Red Cross" (ICRC), which is still its official name today. Five years later, the American Red Cross was founded through the efforts of Clara Barton. More and more countries signed the Geneva Convention and began to respect it in practice during armed conflicts. The Red Cross quickly became an internationally respected movement, and the national societies became increasingly popular as a venue for volunteer work.

When the first Nobel Peace Prize was awarded in 1901, the Norwegian Nobel Committee opted to give it to Henry Dunant and Frédéric Passy, a leading campaigner against war. The International Committee of the Red Cross officially congratulated Dunant and was a tribute to his key role in the formation of the Red Cross. Dunant died nine years later in the small Swiss health resort of Heiden. Only two months earlier his former friend and committee member Gustave Moynier had also died.

By the start of the First World War in 1914, there were 45 national relief societies throughout the world. The movement had grown beyond Europe and North America to Central and South America (Argentina, Brazil, Chile, Cuba, Mexico, Peru, El Salvador, Uruguay, Venezuela), Asia (the Republic of China, Japan, Korea, Siam), and Africa (Republic of South Africa). The Geneva Convention had been changed to include fighting at sea as well as on land.

In World War I Red Cross nurses came from around the world, including the United States and Japan, came to help the medical services of the armed forces of the countries involved in the war in Europe.

On 15 October 1914, immediately after the start of the war, the ICRC set up its International Prisoners-of-War (POW) Agency. By the end of the war, the Agency had sent about 20 million letters and messages, 1.9 million parcels, and about 18 million Swiss francs to POWs of all affected countries. The Agency also arranged for about 200,000 prisoners to be released and returned to their home country. The Agency collected about 7 million records from 1914 to 1923 about prisoners or missing people. The card index helped to identify about 2 million POWs and to contact their families. The complete index of 7 million cards is on loan from the ICRC to the International Red Cross and Red Crescent Museum in Geneva. But only ICRC can search the index.

The ICRC got the only Nobel Peace Prize of the war years, in 1917, for its outstanding wartime work.

In 1923, the Committee changed its membership rules. Until then, only citizens of the city of Geneva could serve in the Committee. This was changed to include all citizens of Switzerland by birth. This is still the rule today, and is designed to show that the ICRC is neutral, and that committee members and workers have never been citizens of a country that might be involved in a war. Only in 1993 were non-Swiss-born people allowed to work for the committee.

In 1934 the ICRC tried to get extra protection for civilians during war. Unfortunately most governments were not interested in adopting the extra rules before the start of World War II.

The Geneva Conventions, as amended in 1929, governed what the ICRC did. revision . The activities of the Committee were similar to those during World War I: 

By the end of the war, 179 delegates had conducted 12,750 visits to POW camps in 41 countries. The Central Information Agency on Prisoners-of-War ("Zentralauskunftsstelle für Kriegsgefangene") had a staff of 3,000, the card index tracking prisoners contained 45 million cards (more than 6 times as many as world war 1), and 120 million messages were exchanged by the Agency.

The German Red Cross was controlled by the Nazis, and would not uphold the Geneva conventions which may have helped stop the deportation of Jews from Germany and the mass murders conducted in the concentration camps run by the German government.

Two other main countries in the war, the Soviet Union and Japan, were not party to the 1929 Geneva Conventions and were not legally required to follow the rules of the conventions. Thus, other countries were not bound to follow the Conventions regarding their prisoners in return.

The ICRC had to stop complaining about the treatment of detainees in concentration camps in case the ICRC was stopped from working for POWs.

After November 1943, the ICRC could send parcels to concentration camp detainees with known names and locations. Because the notices of receipt for these parcels were often signed by other inmates, the ICRC managed to register the identities of about 105,000 detainees in the concentration camps and delivered about 1.1 million parcels, mostly to the camps Dachau, Buchenwald, Ravensbrück, and Sachsenhausen.

On 12 March 1945, ICRC president Jacob Burckhardt was told by SS General Ernst Kaltenbrunner that the ICRC's delegates could visit the concentration camps, but the delegates would have to stay in the camps until the end of the war. Ten delegates, among them Louis Haefliger (Camp Mauthausen), Paul Dunant (Camp Theresienstadt) and Victor Maurer (Camp Dachau), visited the camps.

Louis Haefliger told American troops about the forceful eviction or blasting of Mauthausen-Gusen and saved the lives of about 60,000 inmates. His actions were condemned by the ICRC because they were deemed as acting unduly on his own authority and risking the ICRC's neutrality. Only in 1990, his reputation was finally rehabilitated by ICRC president Cornelio Sommaruga.

Another example of great humanitarian spirit was Friedrich Born (1903-1963), an ICRC delegate in Budapest who saved the lives of about 11,000 to 15,000 Jewish people in Hungary. Marcel Junod (1904-1961), a doctor from Geneva, was another famous delegate during the Second World War. He was one of the first foreigners to visit Hiroshima after the atomic bomb was dropped, and wrote his thoughts in his book "Warrior without Weapons".

In 1944, the ICRC got its third Nobel Peace Prize.

On 12 August 1949, the existing two Geneva Conventions were changed, and the Hague Convention about casualties at sea was brought into the Geneva Convention "family". It was renamed the Second Geneva Covention, and so the second convention of 1929 is now called the third convention. The Fourth Geneva Convention, about the "Protection of Civilian Persons in Time of War," was established. On 8 June 1977 extra article "protocols" were added to make the conventions apply to internal conflicts such as civil wars.

In 1963, the ICRC shared its third Nobel Peace Prize with the League of Red Cross Societies.

Since 1993, non-Swiss citizens have been allowed to serve as Committee delegates abroad, a task which was previously restricted to Swiss citizens. Now about one third of staff are not Swiss citizens.

On 16 October 1990, the UN General Assembly gave the ICRC observer status for its assembly sessions and sub-committee meetings, the first observer status given to a private organization. The resolution was jointly proposed by 138 member states and introduced by the Italian ambassador, Vieri Traxler, in memory of the organization's origins in the Battle of Solferino.

An agreement with the Swiss government signed on 19 March 1993, affirmed the already long-standing policy of full independence of the Committee from any interference by Switzerland. The agreement protects the full sanctity of all ICRC property in Switzerland including its headquarters and archive, grants members and staff legal immunity, exempts the ICRC from all taxes and fees, guarantees the protected and duty-free transfer of goods, services, and money, provides the ICRC with secure communication privileges at the same level as foreign embassies, and simplifies Committee travel in and out of Switzerland.

The ICRC continued its activities throughout the 1990s. It broke its usual silence when it denounced the Rwandan Genocide in 1994, and again in 1995 about the crimes that happened in and around Srebrenica when it said, "We must acknowledge that despite our efforts to help thousands of civilians forcibly expelled from the town and despite the dedication of our colleagues on the spot, the ICRC's impact on the unfolding of the tragedy was extremely limited." It went public once again in 2007 to decry "major human rights abuses" by Burma's military government including forced labor, starvation, and murder of men, women, and children.

At the end of the Cold War, the ICRC's work actually became more dangerous. In the 1990s, more delegates lost their lives than at any point in its history, especially when working in local and internal armed conflicts. These incidents often demonstrated a lack of respect for the rules of the Geneva Conventions and their protection symbols. Among the slain delegates were:


The original motto of the International Committee of the Red Cross was "Inter Arma Caritas" ("Amidst War, Charity"). It has preserved this motto while other Red Cross organizations have adopted others. Because Geneva is in the French-speaking part of Switzerland, the ICRC is also known under its French name "Comité international de la Croix-Rouge" (CICR). However, the ICRC has six official languages, including Arabic. The official symbol of the ICRC is the Red Cross on white background (the inverse of the Swiss flag)with the words "COMITE INTERNATIONAL GENEVE" circling the cross.

The ICRC drew up seven fundamental principles in 1965 that were adopted by the entire Red Cross Movement. They are 

The 2005 budget of the ICRC was about 970 million Swiss francs. All payments to the ICRC are voluntary and are received as donations based on two types of appeals issued by the Committee: an annual "Headquarters Appeal" to cover its internal costs and "Emergency Appeals" for its individual missions.

Most of the ICRC's funding comes from Switzerland and the United States, with the other European states and the E.U. close behind. Together with Australia, Canada, Japan, and New Zealand, they contribute about 80-85% of the ICRC's budget. About 3% comes from private gifts, and the rest comes from national Red Cross societies.

The ICRC is responsible for legally recognizing a relief society as an official national Red Cross or Red Crescent society and thus accepting it into the Movement. The exact rules are in the statutes of the Movement. After recognition by the ICRC, a national society is admitted as a member to the International Federation of Red Cross and Red Crescent societies. The ICRC and the Federation cooperate with the individual national societies in their international missions, especially with human, material, and financial resources and organizing on-site logistics. According to the 1997 Seville Agreement, the ICRC is the lead Red Cross agency in conflicts while other organizations within the Movement take the lead in non-war situations. National societies will be given the lead especially when a conflict is happening within their own country.

The ICRC headquarters are in Geneva, Switzerland. It has other offices, called "Delegations", in about 80 countries. Each delegation is under the responsibility of a Head of delegation who is the official representative of the ICRC in the country. Of its 2,000 professional employees, roughly 800 work in its Geneva headquarters and 1,200 expatriates work in the field. About half of the field workers serve as delegates managing ICRC operations in the different countries while the other half are specialists like doctors, agronomists, engineers or interpreters. The international staff are assisted by some 13,000 national employees, so about 15,000 people work for the ICRC.

The Directorate is the executive body of the Committee.It carries out the policies set by the assembly.

The Directorate consists of a Director-General and five directors in the areas of "Operations", "Human Resources", "Resources and Operational Support", "Communication", and "International Law and Cooperation within the Movement". The members of the Directorate are appointed by the Assembly to serve for four years. The Director-General has assumed more personal responsibility in recent years, much like a CEO, where he was formerly more of a first among equals at the Directorate.

The Assembly (also called the Committee) convenes on a regular basis and is responsible for defining aims, guidelines, and strategies and for supervising the financial matters of the Committee. The Assembly has a membership of a maximum of 25 Swiss citizens. Members must speak the house language of French, but many also speak English and German as well. These Assembly members are co-opted for a period of four years, and there is no limit to the number of terms an individual member can serve. A three-quarters majority vote from all members is required for re-election after the third term, which acts as a motivation for members to remain active and productive.

In the early years, every Committee member was Genevan, Protestant, white, and male. The first woman, Renée-Marguerite Cramer, was co-opted in 1918. Since then, several women have attained the Vice Presidency, and the female proportion after the Cold War has been about 15%. The first non-Genevans were admitted in 1923, and one Jew has served in the Assembly.

While the rest of the Red Cross Movement many be multi-national, the Committee believes that its mono-national nature is an asset because the nationality in question is Swiss. Thanks to permanent Swiss neutrality, conflicting parties can be sure that no one from "the enemy" will be setting policy in Geneva. The Franco-Prussian War of 1870-71 showed that even National Red Cross Societies can be biased and not maintain neutral humanitarianism.
Furthermore, the Assembly elects a five-member Assembly Council that constitutes an especially active core of the Assembly. The Council meets at least ten times per year and has the authority to decide on behalf of the full Assembly in some matters. The Council is also responsible for organizing the Assembly meetings and for helping communication between the Assembly and the Directorate. The Assembly Council normally includes the president, two vice presidents and two elected members. While one of the vice presidents is elected for a four-year term, the other is appointed permanently with his tenure ending by retirement from the vice presidency or from the Committee. Currently Jacques Forster and Olivier Vodoz are vice presidents. In April 2007, Christine Beerli was appointed to succeed Jacques Forster from the beginning of 2008.

The Assembly also selects, for a term of four years, one individual to act as President of the ICRC. The president is both a member of the Assembly and leader of the ICRC, and he has always been included on the Council since its formation. The President automatically becomes a member of the assembly and the ICRC once he is appointed, but he does not necessarily come from within the ICRC organization. There is a strong faction within the Assembly that wants to reach outside the organization to select a president from the Swiss government or professional circles like the banking or medical fields. In fact, the last three presidents were previously officials in the Swiss government. The president's influence and role is not well-defined, and changes depending upon the times and each president's personal style. Since 2000, the president of the ICRC has been Jakob Kellenberger. Kellenberger does not make many public appearances or statements but is good at personal negotiation promoting the ICRC privately. In February 2007, he was appointed by the Assembly to another four-year term which will run until the end of 2011.

The presidents of the ICRC have been:

The ICRC tends to work quietly and not attract publicity, unlike some other aid agencies. This way it was been able to get access to, for example, Nelson Mandela, when he was still a prisoner of the apartheid government of South Africa.




Meridian, Mississippi

Meridian is the county seat and the most populous city of Lauderdale County in the U.S. state of Mississippi. It is the eighth most populous city in the state (after Jackson, Gulfport, Southaven, Biloxi, Hattiesburg, Olive Branch and Tupelo) and the principal city of the Meridian, Mississippi Micropolitan Statistical Area. it serves as a hub for the Eastern Mississippi region. The population was 35,052 at the 2020 census. Many people moved there for a short time after Hurricane Katrina.


Hydrometeorological Prediction Center

The Hydrometeorological Prediction Center (a.k.a. HPC) is one of nine Service Centers that are part of the National Centers for Environmental Prediction (NCEP), which is part of the National Weather Service, which in turn is part of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) of the U.S. government.

The HPC serves as a center of excellence in Quantitative Precipitation Forecasting, Medium Range Forecasting (three to seven days) and the interpretation of numerical weather prediction models.

The HPC issues storm summaries on storm systems bringing significant rainfall and snowfall to portions of the United States. Advisories are also issued for tropical cyclones which have moved inland and are no longer the responsibility of the National Hurricane Center. The HPC also acts as the backup office to the National Hurricane Center in the event of a complete communications failure.

The HPC was created in October 1995, when the former National Meteorological Center was reorganised into the NCEP. It is based at the World Weather Building in Camp Springs, Maryland, along with a few of the other National Centers such as the Climate Prediction Center (CPC), the Ocean Prediction Center (OPC), and the Environmental Modeling Center (EMC).


Côte-Nord

Côte-Nord (French for "Northern Coast", area 247,627.06 km², or 95,609.34 sq mi) is the second largest administrative region by land area in Quebec, Canada. It covers much of the northern shore of the Saint Lawrence River's estuary and the Gulf of Saint Lawrence past Tadoussac. At the 2006 census it had a resident population of 95,911 inhabitants.


Saguenay-Lac-Saint-Jean

Saguenay-Lac-Saint-Jean is a region in Quebec, Canada.

Plaquemines Parish, Louisiana

Plaquemines Parish (Cajun French: "Paroisse Plaquemine") is the parish with the biggest combined land and water area in the U.S. state of Louisiana. The parish seat is Pointe à la Hache. As of 2020, the parish's population was 23,515.

The name is pronounced (transcription in IPA).

Naiad (moon)

Naiad or Neptune III is the closest moon to Neptune named after the Naiads of Greek legend. It was found sometime before mid-September, 1989 from the images taken by the "Voyager 2" probe. The last moon to be discovered during the flyby, it was designated S/1989 N 6. Naiad is not a sphere and probably has not been changed by any internal geological processes after its formation. It orbits about 23,500 km above Neptune's cloud tops. 

Since the "Voyager 2" flyby, the Neptune system has been studied a lot from ground-based observatories and the Hubble Space Telescope as well. In 2002-03, Keck telescope looked at the system using adaptive optics and detected easily the biggest four closer satellites. Thalassa was found with some image processing, but Naiad was not located.


Tamsui

Tamsui (Chinese: 淡水鎮, Taiwanese: Tām-súi/Tām-chúi, Tongyong Pinyin: Danshuei, Hanyu Pinyin: Danshui) is a sea-side town in Taipei County, Taiwan. The town has a population of 130,105 people. It is named after a river whose name means "Freshwater". The town is also popular as a site for viewing the sun setting into the Taiwan Strait. There are three universities in this small town.

Lovisa Aarberg

Lovisa Aarberg "(from 1803 -1866)" was a Swedish surgeon and doctor. 

She and Kisamor were the first female doctors in Sweden. She was a doctor and a surgeon long before it was permitted for women. In Sweden, her name is spelled as Lovisa Årberg, and she was often called "Jungfru Årberg", which means "Maiden Årberg" in English.

Lovisa Årberg was born in Uppsala. Her mother often nursed sick people, and when Lovisa was a child, she followed her mother to the hospitals. She learned a lot about sickness and medicine and how to cure and nurse sick people, and often helped people she knew when they were sick. 

When she was an adult, she moved to Stockholm and became a maid. People had heard that she was good at helping sick people, and often came and asked her for help. Soon, even rich people started to ask her for help. The paid her money when she cured them, so she could stop being a maid and could start to work as a doctor instead. Lovisa then opened her own clinic and started to work as a doctor and a surgeon. 

She opened her clinic and started to work as a doctor in the 1820s. In the 1820s, it was forbidden for a woman to work as a doctor. The male doctors did not like that a woman worked as a doctor, and the government was worried that she might hurt her patients as she had never learned medicine at a university. But when they examined her, they found out that she was a very good doctor, and that she had all the knowledge that the male doctors had. 

So instead, they gave her a medal and special permission to work as a surgeon and a doctor. She continued to work as a doctor for forty years, until the 1860s. She gave treatment to poor people, even when they did not have the money to pay her. She was a popular doctor, and many people asked her for help. She worked very hard until she became unhealthy, so she often had to take time to rest.


Kisamor

Kisamor, (1788-1842), was a famous female doctor in Sweden. Her real name was Maria Jansson, but she was always called Kisamor. Kisamor means "The Mother in Kisa" in English, and Kisa was the place were she worked. She was a doctor before it was allowed for a woman to be a doctor, and she is the most famous woman doctor in Sweden in the 19th century.

She was born in Örebro. Her father was a doctor in natural medicine, and she wanted to become one too. But her father wouldn't let her. Instead, her forced her to marry a farmer. The marriage became unhappy, and she divorced her husband.

She often visited sick people and worked as a doctor in natural medicine. One day, she was given a house in Östergötland as a gift by some rich women after she had made them well after sickness. She visited the sick in their cottages, and sometimes they came to her in the inn called Kisa, and therefore, she was called "The Mother in Kisa".

She became famous, and people came to her from all over the country to ask her for help. In 1825, she was given special permission to work as a doctor, even though it was forbidden for a woman to work as a doctor.




Amalia Lindegren

Amalia Euphrosyne Lindegren (22 May 1814 – 27 December 1891) was a famous Swedish painter.
She became an orphan when her mother died in 1817. Then, she was adopted by the widow of Benjamin Sandel. Benjamin Sandel is thought to have been her real father.

Amalia liked to draw and wanted to become an artist. When the artist Qvarnström saw her drawings, he got her a permission to study art at the Swedish Academy of Arts in 1849. They thought she was very promising and had great talent. In 1850, she became the first woman who got a scholarship by the Academy to study art in Paris.

In 1856, she was elected to become a member in to the Swedish Academy of Arts. She showed people her paintings in the exhibitions in Paris in 1867, Philadelphia in 1876, and in Chicago in 1893.



Thalassa (moon)

Thalassa or Neptune IV, is the second closest moon to Neptune. It was named after a daughter of Aether and Hemera from Greek mythology.
"Thalassa" is also the Greek word for "sea".

Thalassa was discovered sometime before mid-September, 1989 from the images taken by the "Voyager 2" probe. It was given the designation S/1989 N 5. The discovery was said (IAUC 4867) on September 29, 1989, but the text only talks of "25 frames taken over 11 days", giving a discovery date of sometime before September 18. The name was given on 16 September 1991.

Thalassa is not a sphere and shows no sign of any geological changes. Unusually for a non-spherical moon, it appears to be oddly shaped not able to be explained.


Bayerischer Rundfunk

Bayerischer Rundfunk is the main German radio and television broadcasting company for Bavaria. It is a member of the ARD public broadcasting group.

It includes the following broadcasting services:

the radio stations
and the TV channels

Circadian rhythm sleep disorder

Circadian rhythm sleep disorders happen when the circadian rhythm is not working correctly. They make people sleep and wake at times that are not normal, but these people usually have 8 hours of good sleep. These disorders affect other systems in the body, too, and not just sleep. Circadian rhythms also control appetite, body temperature rhythm and hormone cycles.

"Extrinsic" means something which comes from outside rather than from within a system or an organism. There are two circadian rhythm sleep disorders of the extrinsic type:

Jet Lag often affects people who have travelled several hours east or west, through several time zones. It may take many days for the body to adjust. The name "jet lag" comes from travelling by jet aircraft.

Many people have health problems when they work a shift during the times when their circadian rhythms say that they should be asleep. Most people who work later than midnight find it difficult to stay awake.

"Intrinsic" means something which happens or comes from within a system or an organism. There are four circadian rhythm sleep disorders of the intrinsic type. Unless they are caused by a head injury, they are usually genetic, that is, people are born with them. They are generally chronic; they do not go away, but they may sometimes be treated.

Advanced sleep-phase syndrome (ASPS) is very rare. People with this syndrome are sleepy very early in the evening and they sleep from about 19:00-20:00 in the evening to about 03:00-04:00 in the early morning. Often several people in the same family have ASPS.

Delayed sleep-phase syndrome (DSPS) is more common than ASPS and it affects about 0.15% of adults. It usually starts in early childhood or at puberty. Some cases that start at puberty go away when the person is about 20 or 21 years old. DSPS is much more common in teenagers than in adults. DSPS in people older than about 20 usually will have it all their lives, that is, it is chronic.

People with DSPS cannot go to sleep before 03:00-06:00 in the morning, or even later. They cannot wake up in time for school or a job which starts in the morning. They can go to sleep at the same time every night and get up at the same time each day. This means that they are "entrained" (adjusted, synchronized) to the daily light/dark cycle. Even when they try to sleep at "normal" times, they feel most awake late at night.

Non-24-hour sleep-wake syndrome (Non-24) is quite rare. People with Non-24 have very unusual sleep timing. Their sleep and wake times are not regulated by daylight; they are not "entrained" (adjusted, synchronized) to the daily light/dark cycle. This is called freerunning sleep.

The worst circadian rhythm sleep disorder in people who can see is Non-24; their "daily" rhythm lasts 25 hours or more so they sleep and wake up one or more hours later each day. Appetite, body temperature rhythm and hormone cycles all keep moving around the clock, coming back to the same time after a few weeks.

About half of totally blind people, who can see no light at all, have Non-24. Their daily rhythm is not exactly 24 hours and it does not adjust to the light/dark cycle in nature because they can not see light. This can often be treated.

Irregular sleep-wake disorder is rare, and it is often possible to find out what causes it, for example, a head injury, a mental handicap, dementia or some other sicknesses. People with this disorder sleep and wake several times a day, but not at the same times every day. They sleep about 8 hours a day but never 8 hours together.

Treatment for these disorders often does not work well. In addition, it can be difficult to find a doctor who knows much about circadian rhythms, as the field of study is quite new.

Treatment with bright light is also called phototherapy or light therapy. People with ASPS need a lot of light in the evening and they should avoid bright light in the morning. People with DSPS need bright light as soon as they wake up and should try to avoid bright light before bedtime.

Melatonin is a hormone produced in the pineal gland in the brain. It is normally only produced in the evening and at night. People with ASPS can take melatonin by mouth in the morning. People with DSPS can take melatonin in the afternoon or evening, and this treatment works also for some people with Non-24.

One can buy melatonin in the shops in the USA and Canada. In most other countries one must get it from a doctor or it might not be legal at all.

Disorder

Disorder may mean


Asian elephant

The Asian elephant ("Elephas maximus") is the elephant species living in Asia. They are more easily tamed than larger African elephants. People have used them as working animals for hundreds of years. It is mostly found in parts of India and nearby countries.

Asian elephants are different from African elephants. They are smaller, have smaller ears, short legs, a more rounded back, and a fourth toenail on each of their back feet. They have thick, dry skin with a small amount of stiff hair, and are grey to brown in colour. Male Asian elephants have small tusks and female Asian elephants have no tusks. Sometimes pink spots appear on the ears as a result of loss of pigment.

Asian elephants eat grass, hay, twigs, bark and fruits. It can live up to 60 to 80 years. It can weigh up to 5000kg and be up to 300cm tall. It takes up to 660 days or 22 months until the babies are born. 

Asian elephants live across many parts of India and Sri Lanka. They also live as far east as Sumatra, Indonesia. These three areas have subspecies that are slightly different.

Asian elephants are spread over areas with very different amounts of rain. They can survive in dry places where less than 40cm of rain falls per year and in wet areas where over 8 meters of rain falls in a year.

Karolina Bock

Karolina Sofia Bock, (1792-1872), was a Swedish dancer, actor and singer. She also became principal for the famous theatre-school, Dramatens elevskola.
Karolina Bock was born as Karolina Richter. She was a student at the theatrical school Dramatens elevskola in Stockholm between 1806 and 1809, were she was instructed by the principal Sofia Lovisa Gråå. Many of the girls graduating from the school between 1804 and 1812, when Gråå was principal, became famous in Sweden, and were called "the girls of Gråå".
Karolina worked at the theatres Djurgårdsteatern and Nya Komiska Teatern before she was hired at the Royal Dramatic Theatre in 1814. She worked there for fifty years, and became one of the most popular actors there. But she never became a star because of the parts she played; she always played old women in comedys, never heroines and main parts. She was very well used and never lacked parts to play, but she was not given main parts. It was said, that she had a rare quality; she knew her limitations.

Her most popular parts were in the plays "Min tante Aurore", "Bildhuggaren", "Brodertvisten", "Syrsan", "Preciosa", "Jane Eyre" and "Mäster Smith".

She was principal for Dramatens elevskola two times; the first time from 1831 to 1834, and the second time from 1841 to 1856. She was also teatcher in declamation there. She was the third woman to be principal for the famous school. Anne Marie Milan Desguillons had ben the first in 1793-1800, but she was principal together with her husband. Sofia Lovisa Gråå had ben the first woman who was principal of this school alone, and she was principal in 1804-1812. Karolina Bock was a good teacher, but unlike her own teacher, Sofia Lovisa Gråå, she was very strict and firm with her students, so strict that her students rebelled and had her deposed from her position as principal. But she continued to work as an actor until 1863.
Karolina Bock was married two times. In 1813, she married J.G. Svanberg, who played violin in the royal chapel, and in 1826 she married K.F. Bock, who played the flute in the royal chapel. She had a daughter, Bertha Tammelin, who became an actor, singer, composer, musician and a teacher at Dramatens elevskola.

Karolina Bock was rewarded with the medal Litteris et Artibus in 1857.


Lea Ahlborn

Lea Fredrika Ahlborn ("née" Lundgren) (18 February 1826 – 13 November 1897) was a famous Swedish artist. She was a member of the Swedish Royal Academy of Arts, and the first woman to be appointed royal printmaker. The position of royal printmaker also made her the first female official in Sweden.
She was daughter to Ludvig Lundgren, who was a printmaker, and she early decided, that she wanted to become a printmaker too. In 1849, she, as well as Amalia Lindegren and Agnes Börjesson, became one of the four women who were given permission to study art at the Swedish Royal Academy of Arts. 

In 1851, she made a study-trip to Paris with her teacher Carl Gustaf Qvarnström and her brother Pehr Henrik.

In 1855, she was appointed royal printmaker, and was also elected as a member in the Royal Swedish Academy of Arts. She kept herself updated in everything regarding her work, and was given assignments from the Swedish Academy, the science academy and the royal academy Pro Patria. She made the medal-portraits to the celebration of the anniversary of the king and queen, and she was hired by the US government to make the medal of George Washington at the centenary (hundred years anniversary) of the end of the American War for Independence in 1883. In 1892, she was given the medal "Illis Quorum" by the king.
Her sister, Carolina Weidenhayn, (1822-1902), became the first professional female xylographer, who after she studied in Paris 1858-1867, became an instructor at the great technical school Tekniska Skolan in 1859-1881.


Hedda Hjortsberg

Hedda (Hedvig Katarina) Hjortsberg, (1777-1867), was a Swedish ballerina. She was the sister of Swedish actor Lars Hjortsberg. She became a student of the French ballet-master Louis Gallodier in 1786, at the age of nine. Between 1791 and 1806 she was a premier-dancer at the Royal Swedish Opera in Stockholm. She danced the parts of Lucile in the pantomime ballet "Det dubbla giftermålet" by Jean Marcadet in the 1790-1719 season, Leonore in "Enleveringen" by Louis Deland, and Diana in "Diana och Kärleken" by Deland in 1800-1801. She also performed the part of Venus in "Venus och Adonis" by Deland in 1801-1802, and Frosine in "Dansvurmen" by Gardel in 1803-1804. When the Opera was opened again in 1809 after it had been closed since 1806, she performed with her five year old daughter in "Dansvurmen". Hjortsberg married the businessman Erik Samuel Koersner in 1804, and Abraham Hülphers in 1811, and after that, she danced only as a guest-artist.


Despina (moon)

Despina or Neptune V is the third closest moon to Neptune. It is named after Despina, a nymph who was a daughter of Poseidon. 

Despina was found in late July 1989 from the images taken by the "Voyager 2" probe. It was given the designation S/1989 N 3.

Despina is not a sphere and shows no sign of any geological changes.

Chef

A chef is a person who cooks food as their job. They usually work in restaurants or hotels.

The chef is responsible for everything about the food in a restaurant. He is responsible for buying the food, hiring and supervising the kitchen workers, creating the menus for the customers, and deciding the recipes (the details of how the cooking is done). Some chefs are trained and some are not trained.

The sous-chef (sometimes called an assistant chef) is the chef's main helper. A chef de partie is a 'line chef', in charge of a station in the kitchen. The commis chef works under a chef de partie. It is usually a training position. 

The lines or stations in a big kitchen are:



St. Bernard Parish, Louisiana

St. Bernard Parish (; ) is a parish in the U.S. state of Louisiana. As of the 2020 census, the population was 43,764. The parish seat and largest community is Chalmette. The parish was formed in 1807.

According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the parish has a total area of , of which is land and (83%) is water. It is the second largest parish in Louisiana by total area and has the largest percentage of area in water of any parish.




Slidell, Louisiana

Slidell is the largest city in St. Tammany Parish in Louisiana. It is on the northeast shore of Lake Pontchartrain.
As of the 2020 census, the city had a population of 28,781.


St. Tammany Parish, Louisiana

St. Tammany Parish (French: "Paroisse de Saint-Tammany") is a parish located in the U.S. state of Louisiana, in the New Orleans metropolitan area. The population was 264,570 in 2020, making it the fourth-most populous parish in Louisiana. The parish seat is Covington. The parish was founded in 1810.


Chewing gum

Chewing gum is a type of candy flavored with natural sugar or artificial sweeteners and also flavors such as mint. Gum is made to be chewed, and not swallowed. People chew gum for personal enjoyment and also to help clean teeth. Before it is chewed, the gum comes either soft and chewy or hard and then softens in your mouth. People are usually finished with gum once all the flavor is extracted, or their mouth becomes sore. Once people are done with gum, they throw it away.
Chewing gum was invented at least 5000 years ago and in many places, made from many different plants. 
The first commercial chewing gum, called The State of Maine Pure Spruce Gum, was made in 1848. In 1850 the first gum made from paraffin wax was produced. It was often eaten with powdered sugar. The first flavored chewing gum was created in the 1860s by John Colgan, in Louisville, Kentucky. About the same time modern chewing gum was first developed when chicle was brought from Mexico by the former president, General Antonio Lopez de Santa Anna. It was marketed as Adams New York Chewing Gum in 1871. Black Jack, which is flavored with licorice started in 1884, Chiclets (1899), and Wrigley's Spearmint Gum were early popular gums that quickly dominated the market and are all still around today.

American soldiers in WWII were supplied with chewing gum as a ration. They traded it with locals which widened the market. Chewing gum is less popular now. 




The effects of chewing gum on health vary. Sugar free chewing gum is sometimes recommended by dentists, because it can clean the teeth. Chewing gum which contains sugar can, depending on the kind of sugar, harm the teeth. Gum can help to avoid snacks.

The new version of chewing gum has environmental effects, because it cannot rot easily. Also, it is hard to clean up if it sticks somewhere.
Chewing gum can have a good effect on concentration. There are many other effects on people coming from different new invented chewing gums, like dry mouth gum, or energy gum.

Herat

Herat (, Herāt) is a city in Afghanistan. As of 2012, about 436,300 people live there. It is the third-largest city in Afghanistan. It is the capital of Herat Province. It is in the west of the country, close to the border of Iran. The spoken language in the city is called Herati Persian or just Herati.

Herat dates back to very old times. Avesta, the old book of Zoroastrianism mentions Herat as "Haroyu" and lists it as the sixth land of the sixteen perfect lands created by Ahura Mazda, the Zoroastrian god. In Achaemenid times (ca. 550-330 BC), the surrounding district was known as "Haraiva" (in Old Persian). Ancient Greeks called it "Aria" and "Artacoana" was the capital of Aria. Alexander the Great took Artacoana in 330 BC and destroyed it. He later built another city near Artacoana and named it "Alexandria in Ariana", today's city of Herat. After him Parthians and Sassanians took over. Sassanians called the city “Harēv”.

Arabs took Herat in 660 AD, and it became a center of the Muslim world. Herat has a long history as a centre for Sufism, the mystical branch of Islam. It became part of the area then known as Khurasan, which reached its peak of civilization in the twelfth century. In 1221 AD, it was taken by the Mongols and later destroyed by Genghis Khan and Timur, the Turkic conqueror, took it in about 1393 AD. Herat’s greatest era was during the Timurid rule, when it was a centre of science and culture. As the capital of the Timurid empire, it boasted many fine religious buildings and was famous for its sumptuous court life and musical performance and its tradition of miniature paintings. Later Persians and Afghans fought over the control of the city and Herat changed hands several times before it (under British interference) permanently became part of Afghanistan in 1857 under the Treaty of Paris.

In March 1979, an anti-Communist uprising in Herat, left 25,000 civilian deaths. Between 1978 and 1992, communist forces in Herat city fought resistance forces holding the countryside. In 1995 the area came under the control of Pashtuns of the Taliban movement. After the United States' invasion of Afghanistan, on November 12, 2001, it was liberated from the Taliban by the Northern Alliance.

Mobile, Alabama

Mobile () is the third most populous city in the U.S. state of Alabama and is the county seat of Mobile County. The population within the city limits was 187,041 as of the 2020 census. It is at the head of Mobile Bay. Mobile is the principal municipality of the Mobile Metropolitan Statistical Area, a region of 430,197 residents which is composed of Mobile and Washington counties and is the third largest MSA in the state. Mobile Mobile is included in the Mobile-Daphne-Fairhope Combined Statistical Area with a total population of 661,964, the second largest CSA fully in the state.


Relay race

A relay race is a track and field event in which athletes run a pre-set distance carrying a baton before passing it onto the next runner. Often, a relay team is a team of four sprinters.

In athletics, the two standard relays are the 4x100 meter relay and the 4x400 meter relay. Traditionally, the 4x400 meter relay finals are the last event of a track meet.

Nowadays, long distance relays have become increasingly popular with runners of all skill-levels. These runners typically have 5 to 36 legs, each between 5 and 10 kilometers (3-6 miles) long.


Bayou La Batre, Alabama

Bayou La Batre ( is a city in Mobile County, Alabama, United States. It is included in the Mobile metropolitan statistical area. At the 2020 census, the population was 2,204.


Bay St. Louis, Mississippi

Bay Saint Louis is a city in Hancock County, Mississippi. It is part of the Gulfport-Biloxi, Mississippi Metropolitan Statistical Area. As of the 2020 census, 9,284 people lived there. It is the county seat of Hancock County. Like several other upper Gulf Coast cities, Bay Saint Louis was devastated by Hurricane Katrina in August 2005.

Waveland, Mississippi

Waveland is a city in Hancock County, Mississippi, on the Gulf of Mexico. It is part of the Gulfport-Biloxi, Mississippi Metropolitan Statistical Area. As of the 2020 census, 7,210 people lived there. On August 29, 2005, Waveland was nearly destroyed by Hurricane Katrina.

Before Traversing Waveland MS, type in HonorYourOath on a YouTube search bar. Watch what happens to a sober veteran on the courthouse steps. 8.8 million views. 


Pass Christian, Mississippi

Pass Christian is a city in Harrison County, Mississippi, United States, along the Gulf of Mexico. It is part of the Gulfport-Biloxi, Mississippi Metropolitan Statistical Area. The population was 5,686 at the 2020 census.

Long Beach, Mississippi

Long Beach is a city (incorporated August 10, 1905) in Harrison County, Mississippi, USA. It is part of the Gulfport-Biloxi, Mississippi Metropolitan Statistical Area. As of the 2020 census, 16,780 people lived there. It also the home of Alphonso Campbell.


Gulfport, Mississippi

Gulfport is the second largest city in the U.S. state of Mississippi, after the state capital Jackson. It is the larger (population wise) of two, aom cities of the Gulfport-Biloxi, Mississippi Metropolitan Statistical Area, which is included in the Gulfport-Biloxi-Pascagoula, Mississippi Combined Statistical Area. As of the 2020 census, the city of Gulport had a population of 72,926. Gulfport is co-county seat with Biloxi of Harrison County, Mississippi. Gulfport is the east coast home to the US Navy Seabees, and also the birthplace of American football player Brett Favre.

On August 29, 2005, Gulfport was hit by the strong east side of Hurricane Katrina, and much of Gulfport was flooded or destroyed. Much of Gulfport was also severely damaged by Hurricane Camille on August 17, 1969.


Gulfport-Biloxi-Pascagoula, Mississippi Combined Statistical Area

The Gulfport-Biloxi-Pascagoula Combined Statistical Area is made up of five counties in the Mississippi Gulf Coast region. The statistical area consists of the Gulfport-Biloxi Metropolitan Statistical Area and the Pascagoula Metropolitan Statistical Area. As of the 2000 census, the CSA had a population of 396,754 The area was significantly impacted by Hurricane Katrina in 2005. A July 1, 2006 estimate placed the population at 380,309. Prior to the hurricane, the area had experienced steady to moderate population growth.

Gulfport-Biloxi metropolitan area

The Gulfport-Biloxi Metropolitan Statistical Area is a metropolitan area in the Mississippi Gulf Coast region that covers three counties – Hancock, Harrison, and Stone. As of the 2000 census, the MSA had a population of 246,190. The area was significantly impacted by Hurricane Katrina in 2005. A July 1, 2006, estimate placed the population at 227,904. Prior to the hurricane, the area had experienced steady to moderate population growth. It is also part of the larger Gulfport-Biloxi-Pascagoula Combined Statistical Area.

Biloxi, Mississippi

Biloxi ( ; ) is the second most populous city in Harrison County and the fourth most populous in the U.S. state of Mississippi, in the United States. The 2020 census recorded the population as 49,449. Biloxi is co–county seat with the larger city Gulfport, in the Gulfport-Biloxi, Mississippi Metropolitan Statistical Area, which is included in the Gulfport-Biloxi-Pascagoula, Mississippi Combined Statistical Area.

The beachfront of Biloxi lies directly on the Mississippi Sound, with barrier islands scattered off the coast and into the Gulf of Mexico.


El Toro (Six Flags Great Adventure)

El Toro, a Spanish term meaning The Bull, is a wooden roller coaster at Six Flags Great Adventure in Jackson, New Jersey, United States. It was opened on June 11, 2006. It had the steepest drop of any wooden roller coaster in the world, at 76 degrees, until Goliath at Six Flags Great America opened in 2014. It is 188 feet tall, a world record breaking drop on a wooden roller coaster, and goes at a maximum (highest possible) speed of 113 km/h. The speed can sometimes be different. At the beginning of the day, it starts slow, but it goes faster and faster throughout the day. It begins at 108 km/h and by the end of the day it travels at 118 km/h. It has 4,400 feet of track, and the trains are known to not really slow down much through the whole ride. El Toro is also known for its strong "airtime" (when riders would be thrown out of the seats if the restraints were not there).

El Toro is quite different than most other wooden roller coasters because it is made out prefabricated track, which means that the pieces of track were cut in a factory and do not need to be cut by hand. This makes the time to build El Toro much shorter. Since it uses prefabricated track, the ride is very smooth. Most wooden roller coasters are known to be quite rough.

Galatea (moon)

Galatea or Neptune VI, is the fourth closest moon to Neptune. It is named after Galatea, one of the Nereids of Greek legend.

Galatea was found in late July 1989 from the images taken by the "Voyager 2" probe. It was given the designation S/1989 N 4. The discovery was said (IAUC 4824) on August 2, 1989, but the text only talks of "10 frames taken over 5 days", giving a discovery date of sometime before July 28. The name was given on 16 September 1991.

It is not a sphere and shows no sign of any geological changes.


Nguyen Hue

Nguyen Hue (1753–1792) was a general, an emperor of the Tay Son Dynasty in the history of Vietnam. He was born in Tay Son, Binh Dinh Province. His notable victories included: Victory over a Siamese army in Rach Gam and over Qing's army invasion in Dong Da, Thang Long.

Mikoyan MiG-29

The MiG-29 Fulcrum is a fighter aircraft made by Russian aircraft company Mikoyan. It first flew in 1977, and was introduced in 1983. It was made by the Soviet Union during the Cold War so it could fight new American fighters like the F-16 Fighting Falcon and F/A-18 Hornet. It is still used by the Russian Air Force and other countries in Europe, Asia and Africa.

There are some versions of the MiG-29 that are for trying things out.





Emmy Rossum

Emmanuelle Grey "Emmy" Rossum (born September 12, 1986) is an American actress. She is best known for her roles as Laura Chapman in the 2004 movie "The Day After Tomorrow" and as Christine Daae in "The Phantom of the Opera". She now plays Fiona Gallagher in the comedy-drama televisions series "Shameless".

Bedouin

Bedouins are an Arab ethnocultural group. They are descended from nomads who lived in the Arabian, Syrian and Saharan Deserts.

They call themselves the "people of the tent", because they travelled around, living in tents. Bedouin were camel raisers and drivers, sheep and goat nomads, cattle driving nomads, and merchants. Today many Bedouin have given up the nomadic life and live and work in towns. The Bedouin are the original Breeders of the Arabian Horse.


Hmong

Hmong might mean:


26 (number)

Twenty-six is a number. It comes between twenty-five and twenty-seven, and is an even number. It is divisible by 1, 2, 13, and 26.

27 (number)

Twenty-seven is a number. It comes between twenty-six and twenty-eight, and is an odd number. It is divisible by 1, 3, 9, and 27.

28 (number)

Twenty-eight is a number. It comes between twenty-seven and twenty-nine. Twenty-eight is an even number. It is divisible by 1, 2, 4, 7, 14, and 28. 28 is a perfect number. The perfect number before twenty-eight is six.

29 (number)

Twenty-nine is a number. It comes between twenty-eight and thirty, and is an odd number. It is also the 10th prime number, after 2, 3, 5, 7, 11, 13, 17, 19, and 23.

29 is the atomic number of copper.

31 (number)

Thirty-one is a number. It comes between thirty and thirty-two, and is an odd number. It is also the 11th prime number, after 2, 3, 5, 7, 11, 13, 17, 19, 23, and 29.

The factors of thirty-one are 1 and 31. 

32 (number)

Thirty-two is a number. It comes between thirty-one and thirty-three, and is an even number. It is divisible by 1, 2, 4, 8, and 16, and 32. It is also a power of two.

33 (number)

Thirty-three is a natural or counting number. It comes between thirty-two and thirty-four, and is an odd number. It is divisible by 1, 3, 11, and 33.

The 33 is a Spanish movie about workers struggle to survive after a disaster strikes in copper and gold mine.

In the Bible, Noah's name was mentioned 33 times when God made a promise or covenant with him. In superstitions, 33 is believed to be an angel number which means growth and development.

34 (number)

Thirty-four is a number. It comes between thirty-three and thirty-five, and is an even number. It is divisible by 1, 2, 17, and 34.

35 (number)

Thirty-five is a number. It comes between thirty-four and thirty-six, and is an odd number. It is divisible by 1, 5, 7, and 35.

36 (number)

Thirty-six is a number. It comes between thirty-five and thirty-seven, and is an even number. It is divisible by 1, 2, 3, 4, 6, 9, 12, 18, and 36. 36 is the 6th square number after 1, 4, 9, 16, and 25.

37 (number)

Thirty-seven is a number. It comes between thirty-six and thirty-eight, and is an odd number. It is also the 12th prime number, after 2, 3, 5, 7, 11, 13, 17, 19, 23, 29, and 31.

Jewitchery

Jewitchery is a modern religion which has been based on minority beliefs. It started in the New Age beliefs of the 1970s.

Larissa (moon)

Larissa or Neptune VII, is the fifth closest moon to Neptune. It is named after Larissa, a lover of Poseidon (Neptune) in Greek mythology.

It was first found by Harold J. Reitsema, William B. Hubbard, Larry A. Lebofsky and David J. Tholen based on ground-based stellar occultation observations on May 24, 1981, and given the designation S/1981 N 1 and said on 29 May 1981. The moon was refound and confirmed to be the only object in its orbit during the "Voyager 2" flyby in 1989 after which it received another designation S/1989 N 2 on August 2, 1989.

Larissa is not a sphere and appears to be cratered a lot, with no sign of any geological changes. Little else is known about it.


Borat Sagdiyev

Borat Sagdiyev (Kazakh and Russian: Борат Сагдиев) is a fictional Kazakh journalist, created and portrayed by the English comedian Sacha Baron Cohen.

Humor is often derived from Borat being a foreigner and having strange customs, thoughts, and behavior. There is also a lot of toilet humor in the series. Borat hates Gypsies and is also Anti-Semitic.

The Borat character first appeared in short clips on "F2F - The Granada Talk TV Show" that Sacha Baron Cohen presented in 1996-1997.

Borat was born in the fictional village of Kuzcek, Kazakhstan to Asimbala Sagdiyev and Boltok the town rapist (who is also his mother's father). He has a 13-year-old son named Hooeylewis and 12-year-old twin boys named Biram and Bilak, as well as 17 grandchildren. He has an older sister named Natalya (whom he has claimed at different times to be either "the number four" or "number two prostitute" in Kazakhstan) and a younger brother, Bilo, who is mentally retarded. It is revealed that he has a second wife in addition to a mistress, a girlfriend and a prostitute.

Borat is shown to have been married several times, after first having been betrothed to his half-sister's plough while in his teens. His first wife Oksana was reported in the "Borat" movie to have been "broken" by a bear while taking his brother Bilo for a walk in the forest. The death of Borat's wife did not bother him; he thanks the man who brings him this "good news" — and celebrates by trying to marry Pamela Anderson and eventually reuniting with Luenell, a black prostitute he met while filming his documentary.

Borat is a professional journalist and announcer on Kazakh television. According to various in-character interviews with Sacha Baron Cohen, Borat learned at Astana University, where he studied English, journalism, and plague research. He claims to have created five new plagues which supposedly "killed over 5 million goats and whores in Uzbekistan."

Before this Borat was an ice maker, animal sperm retriever, gypsy catcher, and someone who removes dead birds from a computer.

Borat was a pagan for most of his life. However, in the movie he attends a Pentecostal church service and later converts his village neighbors to Christianity.

Borat greatly admires Joseph Stalin, and claims that both he and Stalin are strong men with powerful "khram" (genitals). He hates women's rights and was surprised to learn that women can vote in some countries. In his spare time, he enjoys playing ping pong, sunbathing while wearing a lime green "mankini", disco dancing, spitting, sitting on comfortable chairs, and taking pictures of women while they "make toilet".

Borat is shown in each episode of "Da Ali G Show", doing funny interviews with real people in the United Kingdom and the United States. The segments were shot in low-quality video to make fun of how poor Kazakhstan is and how it cannot afford good cameras. Of Ali G, Borat comments on his website, "I appear on Alee G shows–He idiot, but it give me lot of girls & pickles; I like..."

The Borat segments on "Da Ali G Show" use a rock and roll version of the Russian folk tune "Korobeiniki" as the theme song.

Was part of a six-part Ali G show originally on Channel 4 (UK) in March 2000.

Five Borat sketches were shown: "Etiquette", Hunting, Cambridge, Edinburgh and Henley. The "Guides" to "English Gentlemen", "Politics" and "Sport" were also filmed at this time but released later as part of "Ali G" DVDs.

A special shown on the E4 launch night (UK) in January 2001 known as "The Best of Borat."

Some of the best parts were the "Guide to Sport" and a some video of Borat's village in Kazakhstan. Though the village they used was really in Romania.

Shown as part of a six part "Ali G Show" originally on HBO (USA) in February 2003.

Six Borat sketches were shown in the form of "Guides" to "Dating," "Etiquette," "Acting," "Men," "Baseballs," and "The (Deep) South." A "Guide to Animals" was filmed, but released at a later date as part of an "Ali G" DVD. Alyssa Greenfill was also in it.

Shown as part of a six-part "Ali G Show" originally on HBO (USA) in July 2004. (C4 was the UK channel where Ali G and Borat originally appeared, and the series for America was a HBO/C4 co-production).

Six Borat sketches were shown: "Wine Tasting", "Politics", "Country Music", "Hobbies", "Buying a House" and "Jobs" (careers). A "Guide to Hunting" was filmed but only aired in the UK because it bothered animal rights people in America.

Borat appeared in the Ali G movie "Ali G Indahouse" as a Kazak diplomat. Borat greets Ali G with a hug and kiss, but Ali pushes him away. Borat then calls Ali a "cocksucker". In the end, Borat performs a hip-hop song with superstar Max Allard.

Subtitled "Cultural Learnings of America for Make Benefit Glorious Nation of Kazakhstan", the movie "Borat" is mockumentary comedy. Most of those appearing in the film are not paid performers, but real people whom Borat met on his journey. The movie was distributed by 20th Century Fox, and directed by Larry Charles. It premiered at the 2006 Toronto International Film Festival, and was released across Europe and North America on November 3, 2006.

The film follows Borat in his travels across the United States as he commits cultural solecisms and exposes a few American ones. Over the course of the film, Borat falls in love with Pamela Anderson after watching a rerun of "Baywatch" and vows to make her his wife.

The film opened at # 1 in the United States, taking in $26.4 million on a limited release of 837 screens during its first weekend, beating "Fahrenheit 9/11" as the biggest opening weekend for a film released in fewer than 1,000 cinemas. Cohen celebrated the release of the movie with a host of promotional 'in-character' interviews.

On November 9, 2006, the Russian Federal Agency for Culture and Cinematography issued an opinion, citing "it could offend viewers in relation to certain ethnic groups and religions."

The movie expanded its release on the second weekend to 2,566 screens, where it took in an additional $29 million.

In 2007, Baron Cohen won a Golden Globe for "Best Performance by an Actor in a Motion Picture - Musical Or Comedy."

With a production budget of $18,000,000, the movie earned $128,501,044 in the United States and another $128,848,505 in the rest of the world. $257,349,549 in total as of March 2007.

In 2007, a book from Cohen was released entitled, "Touristic Guidings to Glorious Nation of Kazakhstan/ Touristic Guidings to Minor Nation of U.S. and A.", with humor about both countries in the same style as movie.

Though he pretends to speak Kazakh, Borat really speaks in Hebrew mixed with some Polish and other Slavic language phrases, such as "" and "" (Polish "how are you" and "thank you"). As such, the film became popular in Israel.

Borat also lapses into Hebrew while purporting to sing the Kazakhstani national anthem at a Savannah Sand Gnats game. He kept repeating a famous Hebrew folk song: (; kum bachur atzel ve'tze la'avoda; "get up lazy guy and go to work [...]" ) [...] ; kookooriku kookooriku ha'tarnegol kara; "cock-a-doodle-do the cock has crowed"), and also called Kazakhstan a distant/desolate place (literally "hole" ()("hor")).

His producer Azamat Bagatov (Ken Davitian) speaks Armenian, while his daughter Tutar (Maria Bakalova) speaks Bulgarian

In the opening scenes in the town of Kuzcek, the villagers speak Romanian because these scenes were shot in Glod, Romania. As in the rest of the movie, what is spoken does not match the translation given in the subtitles. For example, when Borat's wife Oksana speaks, the subtitles show her telling Borat to "do something useful and dig his mother's grave," when she is actually telling him to go into "the devil's cunt."

Some say that Kazakhstan is not as bad as Borat says it is and that it is wrong of him to say such things.

In August 2004, the Chief Rabbi of Kazakhstan, at an international religious meeting in Brussels, stated that in 10 years in the country, he had never faced anti-Semitism. He praised the Government of Kazakhstan for its treatment of the Jewish community.

On October 19, the Associated Press reported that Kazakhstan's Deputy Foreign Minister, Rakhat Aliyev, had invited Cohen to visit Kazakhstan to see how wrong he was about it. In an interview, Aliyev asserted that:

His trip could yield a lot of discoveries—that women not only travel inside buses but also drive their own cars, that we make wine from grapes, that Jews can freely attend synagogues and so on.

Borat's film has frequently been accused of promoting antiziganism. The scenes supposedly filmed in Borat's Kazakhstani village were actually filmed in an impoverished Roma (gipsy) village of Glod in Romania. "USA Today" reports that poverty villagers were offered between $3.30 and $5.50 to bring animals into their houses and perform other acts some critics called humiliating. The studio contends that
participants were paid double the rate recommended by the Romanian movie office for extras.

Two villagers of Glod have hired reparation attorney Ed Fagan to sue the makers of the film for $30 million for human rights abuses. Fagan intends to submit lawsuits in New York and Florida state courts, as well as in Frankfurt, Germany. Fagan said that he hoped to "teach Hollywood a very expensive lesson." The lawsuit was thrown out by U.S. District Judge Loretta Preska in a hearing in early December 2006 on the ground that the charges were too vague to stand up in court. Fagan plans to refile.

The Borat character has elicited some controversy, mostly related to his frequent displays of anti-Semitism and anti-Zionism.

Baron Cohen, who is himself Jewish, has explained his character's racism by stating that the segments show how people are sometimes racist because others around them are too and that it is important to stand up against racism.

When I was in university, there was this major historian of the Third Reich, Ian Kershaw, who said, 'The path to Auschwitz was paved with indifference.' I know it's not very funny being a comedian talking about the Holocaust, but it's an interesting idea that not everyone in Germany had to be a raving anti-Semite. They just had to be apathetic.

Regarding the enthusiastic response to his song "In My Country There is Problem" (detailed below), he says, "Did it reveal that they were anti-Semitic? Perhaps. But maybe it just revealed that they were indifferent to anti-Semitism."

However, the Anti-Defamation League, a U.S.-based group that “...combat[s] anti-Semitism and bigotry of all kinds”, complained to HBO after Borat performed a country western song titled "In My Country There Is Problem" that called on people to 'throw the Jew down the well', warning them that 'you must be careful of his teeth' and that 'you must grab him by his horns', to applause and joining in from some of the audience in Tucson, Arizona. The chorus goes: "Throw the Jew down the well/So my country can be free/You must grab him by his horns/Then we have a big party."

In another scene, Borat visits the Serengeti Range ranch in Texas, where the owner of the ranch confides that he believes the Holocaust was a necessity for Germany. He further implies that he would have no problem running a ranch where people can hunt, in Borat's words, "deer... then Jew."

An interview with James Broadwater, an evangelical Christian and Republican candidate for U.S. Congress from Mississippi, caused Broadwater to receive some hateful emails after an episode of "Da Ali G Show" aired in which Broadwater stated that Jews will go to Hell. He was told that the interview would be played in foreign countries to teach others about the American political system. Broadwater later posted a letter on his website against "Da Ali G Show," explaining that his statement referred to a theological belief that anyone that "accepts Jesus Christ as Lord and Saviour will spend eternity in Heaven, while everyone who rejects Him will spend eternity in Hell." Broadwater did not apologise for his comments. Instead, he insisted that "the liberal, anti-God media needs to be brought under the strict control of the FCC, and that as soon as possible."

In the movie, Borat continues to hate Jews and be fearful of them. He does not like to fly while in America in case the Jews "make another 9/11". Later, as he finds himself in a hotel run by an old Jewish couple, he tries to "escape" and throws money at two bugs on the floor, afraid that the Jews have shapeshifted into cockroaches.

Cohen later joked, upon receiving a British comedy award, that Borat was guest of honour at the International Conference to Review the Global Vision of the Holocaust in Tehran.

In January 2005, after pretending to be making a documentary, Cohen angered a crowd at a rodeo in Salem, Virginia. The crowd first cheered his statements of "support" for the Iraq war, including statements like "We is support your war of terror", and "May George Bush drink the blood of every single man, woman, and child of Iraq". However, the applause softened when he exclaimed "May you destroy their country so that for the next thousand years, not even a single lizard will survive in their desert!" The crowd then got infuriated when he sang the (fictional) Kazakhstan national anthem to an off-key version of the US national anthem.

"If he had been out there a minute longer, I think somebody would have shot him," said one witness. "People were booing him, flipping him off." For his own safety, Cohen was escorted from the venue. (Much of the event appears in the movie. A credulous news report about the incident, aired on a local television station, is included in the DVD extras).

Baron Cohen has also been accused of creating a derogatory image of Kazakhstan.

In November 2005, following Borat's hosting of the MTV Europe Music Awards in Lisbon, Kazakhstan's Foreign Ministry said he was worried about the character. Spokesman Yerzhan Ashykbayev told a news conference: "We view Mr Cohen's behaviour at the MTV Europe Music Awards as utterly unacceptable, being a concoction of bad taste and ill manners which is completely incompatible with the ethics and civilised behaviour of Kazakhstan's people", concluding "We reserve the right to any legal action to prevent new pranks of the kind."

Baron Cohen has since posted a video on the "Official Borat Homesite" where Borat responds to Ashykbayev in character. In the video, Borat states, in part:

In response to Mr. Ashykbayev's comments, I'd like to state I have no connection with Mr. Cohen and fully support my government's decision to sue this Jew. Since the 2003 Tuleyakiv reforms, Kazakhstan is as civilized as any other country in the world. Women can now travel on "inside" of bus, homosexuals no longer have to wear blue hats, and age of consent has been raised to eight years old. Please, captain of industry; I invite you to come to Kazakhstan where we have incredible natural resources, hardworking labour, and some of the cleanest prostitutes in whole of Central Asia. Goodbye! Dzienkuje!

Reuters quoted an unnamed Western diplomat as saying, "They (the Government of Kazakhstan) are damned if they do [respond] and damned if they don't," he said. "It's sort of unfortunate that he hit upon Kazakhstan." Another unnamed source inside Kazakhstan's Washington embassy called Borat a "one-man diplomatic wrecking ball."

The next week, the government hired two Western public relations firms to counter Borat's claims, and ran a four-page advertisement in "The New York Times". The ad carried testimonials about the nation's democracy, education system and the power and influence enjoyed by women. On a previous occasion, Borat responded to such official complaints by issuing his own "press release", a bunch of random Cyrillic characters. He would again respond when promoting his movie in front of the Kazakhstani Embassy in Washington, roundly denouncing the advertisements as "Uzbek propaganda".

On December 13, 2005, the right to use the domain name www.borat.kz was suspended, and the site attached to it was closed down. The domain-issuing body said that they took this action since false names were given for the site's administrators, and also because the site www.borat.kz was hosted outside Kazakhstan. However, the stated underlying cause of the action was in order to censor the content of the site: "We've done this so he can't badmouth Kazakhstan under the .kz domain name," Nurlan Isin, President of the Association of Kazakh IT Companies, told Reuters. "He can go and do whatever he wants at other domains."

Reporters Without Borders petitioned the ICANN ombudsman to allow Borat to keep the website. Meanwhile, the "Official Borat Homesite" was moved to the .tv domain, where it remains. As of October 14, 2007, the former domain name was still suspended. The 2006 annual human rights report released by the US State Department cited the loss of the .kz website as evidence of the Kazakhstani government's efforts to stop free speech.

Borat has, however, recently been defended by Dariga Nazarbayeva, a politician and daughter of Kazakhstan's President Nursultan Nazarbayev. She stated on a national news programme "Karavan" that Cohen's website "damaged our image much less than its closure, which was covered by all global news agencies," and "We should not be afraid of humour and we shouldn't try to control everything, I think."

On September 28, 2006, Cohen appeared in character as Borat at the White House gates to give a press conference and invite "Supreme Warlord Premier George Walker Bush" to a screening of his forthcoming movie, along with "O.J. Simpson", "Melvin Gibsons" and other "American dignitaries", after which they would join him for drinks at Hooters. Secret Service Uniformed Division Officers would not admit him on to the grounds.

On October 18, 2006, European Centre for Antiziganism Research, which pleads against discrimination of Gypsies, filed a complaint with prosecutors based on Borat's comments about Gypsies in his movie. The complaint accuses him of spreading lies and inciting violence against the ethnic group.

At a press conference just hours before the live broadcast of the 2005 MTV Europe Music Awards, he shocked local and international journalists in Lisbon, Portugal, by bringing a bag of birds from Romania (the first European country to detect avian influenza) as a gift, then proceeded to apologize for them all dying.

WAPT (Jackson, Mississippi) TV news producer Dharma Arthur states in "Newsweek" she lost her job as a result of her booking Borat on a local afternoon news program. At the time of the appearance, she was unaware of Cohen's act. During an interview with anchor Brad McMullan, Borat made sexual and scatological references, kissed McMullan, and later disrupted a live weather report. She said: "Because of him, my boss lost faith in my abilities and second-guessed everything I did... I spiralled into depression, and... was released from my contract... It took me three months to find another job, and now I'm thousands of dollars in debt and struggling to keep my house out of foreclosure... How upsetting that a man who leaves so much harm in his path is lauded as a comedic genius."

The broadcast, including the initial interview, the disrupted weather report, and several behind-the-scenes shots made by Borat's own movie crew, is seen in the "Borat" movie.

Not all hoax victims threaten to sue, however. Behind-the-scenes interviews with Randall Shelley ("Guide to Baseball"), Danny Passmore ("Guide to Hobbies USA"), Jennifer Defrancisco / Charles Di Cagno ("Guide to Acting"), Ken Goldberg ("Guide to Being a Real Man"), and Peta Heskell ("Guide to English Gentlemen") have all resulted in the subjects deciding not to sue.





Dermatology

Dermatology is a branch of medicine that deals with skin, hair, sweat glands, etc. 

Dermatologists are doctors who diagnose and treat diseases and tumors of the skin, hair, and sweat glands.

Maria Röhl

Maria Christina Röhl, (1801-1875), was a Swedish artist. She was a sketch artist and drew portraits of many famous people. In Sweden, her name is spelled as Maria Röhl.

Her paintings are displayed at the national museum at in Stockholm, and in the royal library, there are one thousand eight hundred of her portraits.

She was born in a rich family, but in 1822, her parents died, and she became poor. She then thought that she would become a teacher, but the artist Christian Forsell taught her to draw portraits of people like an artist.

She made portratis of friends of the rich family she lived with, and soon, it had become popular to go to her when you wanted to have a picture of yourself. This was before photography, and it was cheaper than having your portrait painted in oil.

The king made her a court-painter in 1843, and in 1843-1846, she studied in Paris. She worked as a portrait-drawer for thirty years. Eventually, however, the new art of photography led to less assignments for her.

Basil Hume

George Basil Cardinal Hume OSB, OM, MA, STL (2 March 1923 – 17 June 1999) was a British prelate of the Roman Catholic Church. He served as Archbishop of Westminster from 1976 and President of the Catholic Bishops' Conference of England and Wales from 1979 until his death. Hume was elevated to the cardinalate in 1976.

George Haliburton Hume was born in Newcastle upon Tyne to Sir William Errington Hume and Marie Elizabeth Tisseyre. His father was a Protestant heart doctor from Scotland, and his mother the French Catholic daughter of an army officer. He had three sisters and one brother.

Hume joined the Benedictine monastery at Ampleforth Abbey in North Yorkshire at the age of 18. He took the name Basil when he made his final promise to be a monk 1945. He became a priest on July 23, 1950. 

On 9 February 1976, Pope Paul VI made Hume the Archbishop of Westminster, the highest ranking Catholic priest in England and Wales. He was the first monk to be archbishop since 1850 when Roman Catholic bishops returned to England.

Hume was told he was being appointed at dinner 
Cardinal Hume's time in office saw Catholicism become more accepted in Britain than it had been for 400 years. 1995 saw the first visit of Queen Elizabeth II to Westminster Cathedral. He also read from the Bible at the installation ceremony of Archbishop Robert Runcie as of Canterbury in 1980. It was also during his term in Westminster that Pope John Paul II made first ever visit of a pope to England.
In 1998, Hume asked John Paul II for permission to retire, so that he could go back to his monastery at Ampleforth and spend some time fly fishing and watching Newcastle United Football Club. The request was refused.

He was diagnosed with inoperable abdominal cancer in April 1999. On 2 June of that same year, Queen Elizabeth awarded him the Order of Merit. He died just over two weeks later in London, at age 76. His funeral was broadcast live on British national television and he was buried in Westminster Cathedral. John Paul II said he was a "shepherd of great spiritual and moral character".



Proteus (moon)

Proteus or Neptune VIII, is the second biggest moon of Neptune, and its biggest close moon. It is named after Proteus, the shape-changing sea god of Greek mythology.

Proteus was found from the images taken by "Voyager 2" probe during the Neptune flyby in 1989. It got the designation S/1989 N 1. Stephen P. Synnott and Bradford A. Smith said (IAUC 4806) its discovery on July 7, 1989, speaking only of “17 frames taken over 21 days”, which gives a discovery date of sometime before June 16. The name was given on 16 September 1991.

Proteus is more than 400 kilometres in diameter, bigger than Nereid, another moon of Neptune. However, it was not found by Earth-based telescopes because it is so close to the planet that it is lost in the glare of reflected sunlight.

Proteus is one of the darkest objects in the solar system. Like Saturn's moon Phoebe, it reflects only 6 percent of the sunlight that hits it. Proteus is very cratered, showing no sign of any geological changes. It is also not a sphere; scientists believe Proteus is about as big as a body of its density can be without being pulled into a spherical shape by its own gravity. Saturn's moon Mimas has much more spherical shape despite being less massive than Proteus.


Nereid (moon)

Nereid or Neptune II, is a moon of Neptune.

Nereid was found on 1 May 1949 by Gerard Kuiper, who suggested the name in the report of his discovery. It is named after the Nereids, sea-nymphs of Greek mythology.

It was the farthest of Neptune's known moons for a long time (Halimede through Neso have since taken that honour), and is the third biggest, with a diameter of 340 km. Its orbit averages 5,513,400 km in radius, but is very eccentric and varies from 1,353,600 to 9,623,700 kilometres. For a long time this was the most highly eccentric orbit of any known moon in the solar system, but Bestla, a more recently discovered moon of Saturn has a more eccentric orbit. The unusual orbit suggests that it may be a captured asteroid or Kuiper belt object, or possibly that it was perturbed during the capture of Neptune's largest moon Triton. Very little else is known of Nereid.

Nereid was too far to be properly imaged by the "Voyager 2" probe when it visited the Neptune system in 1989. Photos sent back show only its very non-spherical shape, and no surface features could be seen at the resolution available.


38 (number)

Thirty-eight is a number. It comes between thirty-seven and thirty-nine, and is an even number. It is divisible by 1, 2, 19, and 38.

39 (number)

Thirty-nine is a number. It comes between thirty-eight and forty, and is an odd number. It is divisible by 1, 3, 13, and 39.

41 (number)

Forty-one is a number. It comes between forty and forty-two, and is an odd number. It is also the 13th prime number, after 2, 3, 5, 7, 11, 13, 17, 19, 23, 29, 31, and 37.

Ocean Springs, Mississippi

Ocean Springs is a city in Jackson County, Mississippi, USA, about 2 miles east of Biloxi. It is part of the Pascagoula, Mississippi Metropolitan Statistical Area. The population was 18,429 at the 2020 census.


42 (number)

Forty-two is a number. It comes between forty-one and forty-three, and is an even number. It is divisible by 1, 2, 3, 6, 7, 14, 21, and 42. 

42 is an extremely interesting number to mathematicians, because of its many features. For example:

There are at least a dozen more features of interest to number theory enthusiasts.

"42" is the "Answer to the Ultimate Question of Life, the Universe, and Everything" in Douglas Adams' "The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy" books. 

The number makes regular appearances in Lewis Carroll's writings, such as in "The Hunting of the Snark". Rule Forty-two in "Alice's Adventures in Wonderland" is "All persons more than a mile high to leave the court". Charles Dodgson was a mathematician.

Gautier, Mississippi

Gautier is a city along the Gulf of Mexico, west of Pascagoula, in Jackson County, Mississippi, United States. It is part of the Pascagoula, Mississippi Metropolitan Statistical Area. The population was 19,024 at the 2020 census. Locally, the name is pronounced as "go-CHAY," reflecting its French origin. Descendants of the Gautier family, for whom it was named, still live in the area.


Pascagoula, Mississippi

Pascagoula is a city in Jackson County, Mississippi, United States. It is the main city of the Pascagoula, Mississippi Metropolitan Statistical Area, as a part of the Gulfport-Biloxi-Pascagoula, Mississippi Combined Statistical Area. The population was 22,010 at the 2020 census. It is the county seat of Jackson County.

43 (number)

Forty-three is a number. It comes between forty-two and forty-four, and is an odd number. It is also the 14th prime number, after 2, 3, 5, 7, 11, 13, 17, 19, 23, 29, 31, 37, and 41.

44 (number)

Forty-four is a number. It comes between forty-three and forty-five, and is an even number. It is divisible by 1, 2, 4, 11, 22 and itself, 44.



Sonoma County, California

Sonoma County is a county in the U.S. state of California. It is located north of the San Francisco Bay. It is the northernmost of the nine San Francisco Bay Area counties. Sonoma County is surrounded by 4 counties: Marin County to the south, Mendocino County to the north, Lake County to the northeast, and Napa County to the east. The county seat is in Santa Rosa.

Sonoma County was one of the original counties formed when California became a state in 1850.

The population was 488,863 in 2020.

Some of the cities in Sonoma County include:


<br>

45 (number)

Forty-five is a number. It comes between forty-four and forty-six, and is an odd number. It is divisible by 1, 3, 5, 9, 15, and 45.

46 (number)

Forty-six is a number. It comes between forty-five and forty-seven, and is an even number. It is divisible by 1, 2, 23, and 46.

Russian River

The Russian River is the largest river and watercourse in Sonoma County, California. In addition to flowing through Sonoma, part of the river is also in Mendocino County, California. The mouth of the river is at the Pacific Ocean at Goat Rock Beach.

47 (number)

Forty-seven is a number. It comes between forty-six and forty-eight, and is an odd number. It is also the 15th prime number, after 2, 3, 5, 7, 11, 13, 17, 19, 23, 29, 31, 37, 41, and 43.

Halimede (moon)

Halimede is a non-spherical moon of Neptune. It was found by Matthew J. Holman "et al." on August 14, 2002.

Halimede follows a very inclined and very eccentric orbit seen on the image in relation to other non-spherical moons of Neptune. 

Halimede is about 62 kilometres in diameter (assuming an albedo of 0.04) and appears neutral (grey) in the visible light. 
Given the very similar colour of the moon to that of Nereid together with a high probability (41%) of their collision in the lifespan of the Solar system, it has been suggested that the moon could be a piece of Nereid.

Halimede, or Neptune IX, like many of the farther moons of Neptune, is named after one of the Nereids, the fifty daughters of Nereus and Doris. Before the announcement of its name on February 3, 2007 (IAUC 8802), Halimede was known by the designation S/2002 N 1.


Hurricane Katrina tornado outbreak

The Hurricane Katrina tornado outbreak was a tornado outbreak across the eastern United States from August 29 to 31, 2005, spawned mostly by the outer bands of Hurricane Katrina (or the remnants of it).

One person was killed and numerous communities suffered damage of varying degrees from central Mississippi to Pennsylvania, with Georgia the hardest hit. It was the worst tornado outbreak ever in the month of August in that state.

There were a total of 44 confirmed tornadoes - 18 in Georgia, 11 in Mississippi, 5 each in Virginia and Pennsylvania, 4 in Alabama, and 1 isolated tornado in Florida three days before the main outbreak.



Square number

A square number, sometimes also called a perfect square, is the result of an integer multiplied by itself. 1, 4, 9, 16 and 25 are the first five square numbers.
In a formula, the square of a number "n" is denoted formula_1 (exponentiation), usually pronounced as ""n" squared". The name square number comes from the name of the shape; see below.

Square numbers are non-negative. Another way of saying that a (non-negative) number is a square number, is that its square root is again an integer. For example, formula_2, so 9 is a square number.

The squares smaller than 70 are:

There are infinitely many square numbers, as there are infinitely many natural numbers.

The number "m" is a square number if and only if one can compose a square of "m" equal (lesser) squares:

A square with side length "n" has area formula_1.

The expression for the "n"th square number is "n". This is also equal to the sum of the first "n" odd numbers as can be seen in the above pictures, where a square results from the previous one by adding an odd number of points (shown in magenta). The formula follows:
So for example, formula_5.

A square number can end only with digits 0, 1, 4, 6, 9, or 25 in base 10, as follows:

A square number cannot be a perfect number.

All fourth powers, sixth powers, eighth powers and so on are perfect squares.


Squares of even numbers are even (and in fact divisible by 4), since formula_11.

Squares of odd numbers are odd, since formula_12.

It follows that square roots of even square numbers are even, and square roots of odd square numbers are odd.

As all even square numbers are divisible by 4, the even numbers of the form formula_13 are not square numbers.

As all odd square numbers are of the form formula_14, the odd numbers of the form formula_15 are not square numbers.

Squares of odd numbers are of the form formula_16, since formula_17 and formula_18 is an even number.




Miami-Dade County, Florida

Miami-Dade County (formerly known as "Dade County" and many times referred to as simply "Miami" or "Dade") is a county in the southeastern part of the state of Florida. At the 2020 census, about 2.7 million people lived in the county. That is more than any other county in Florida. Among all United States counties, it is in seventh place. The county seat is the city of Miami.






Broward County, Florida

Broward County is a county in the U.S. state of Florida. As of 2020, 1,944,375 people lived there. This makes it the second most populated county in the state. Its county seat is Fort Lauderdale, Florida.

Broward County is part of the "Miami metropolitan area", which was home to more than 6 million people at the 2020 census.

In the U.S. Census of 2020 the Ethnic/Race Demographics were:

Broward county was created in 1915 and was named with the second surname name of the former Florida governor: Napoleon Bonaparte Broward. Since then it has had a great growth in the XX century, mainly as "retirement place" for old people from northeastern US and French Canada.




Max Mayfield

Britt Max Mayfield (born on September 19, 1948 in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma) is a meteorologist. He was the director of the National Hurricane Center from 2000 to 2007. As director, Mayfield became a trusted voice in preparing for weather-related disasters, particularly those involving tropical storms and hurricanes.


Levee

A levee, or levée, is a raised bank of a river. The levee or "dyke" is a protection against floods. There are two types of levee: riverdykes and seadykes. 

The seadyke was invented in Holland in 1277. Rotterdam is largely below sea level, but is protected by its dykes. It is quite clear now that other coastal cities are going to need protection from the sea. 

The first dykes were built in ancient Mesopotamia. The levees they used were earth walls and gave protection against the meltwater. 3000 years ago levees were used in ancient Egypt for irrigation systems.

'Levée' comes from the French verb "lever", "to raise". Other names are 'floodbank' or 'stopbank'. It is a natural or artificial wall, usually earthen, and often parallels the course of a river. The term "levee" came into English use in New Orleans around 1672. The word 'dyke' or 'dike' comes from the Dutch word "dijk".

The general term for devices such as dykes is "flood control". Another useful term is "embankment", which is used to build up banks of a river
The lower River Thames was a broad, shallow waterway winding through malarious marshlands. It has been transformed into a deep, narrow tidal canal. Floods from the North Sea are held back at the Thames Barrier.

Artificial levees may lead to an elevation of the natural river bed over time. Alluvial rivers with intense accumulations of sediment may do this. The river bed may get higher than the adjacent ground surface behind the levees. This is so in the Yellow River in China, and the Mississippi in the United States.

There are many earthworks. Some are not related to rivers or water.

A separate page deals with Dyke (geology)

There is a long history of land being reclaimed from the sea (for example in Holland), and marshlands being drained to make them good farming land (southern England). In many places water is held back by sluices. Sluice is a word for a channel controlled at its head by a movable gate. The gate is called a sluice gate. 

Dredging is lowering the base of a river. It is another approach to the problem of rising water levels. Of course, it can and is used together with levees as a standard method. We all know that rivers drop sediment as they flow, and all main rivers are regularly dredged. Dredging has the disadvantage of disturbing the life at the bottom of rivers, but it will certainly be used more in future.


River delta

A river delta is a landform shaped like a triangle. It is where the mouth of a river flows into an ocean, or even into a desert. It is formed by sediment carried by the river being deposited in the wider mouth. This happens because the water moves less quickly there.

Over time, the delta forms a series of fingers: places where the water flows, and places above water where plants grow. As time passes, these "fingers" change their position. The landform is typical of the tropical rivers of the past as well as the present.

The word "delta" comes from the Greek letter delta, Δ , because the deltas are shaped like the letter. A river delta can cover just a few square miles, or an area of hundreds or thousands of square miles of land. 

There have been times in the past when the tropical rivers were larger than today. The South of England was, in the Jurassic period, part of a larger continent. There is today just a remnant of this huge tropical river. The mud from this river is like huge fingers, with gravel between the fingers. This can be seen in quarries where building materials are sorted for sale.

The deposition of mud and sand causes an alluvial fan, which is the name given to the phenomenon.


Lockheed C-5 Galaxy

The C-5 Galaxy is a very big military cargo aircraft made by Lockheed (now Lockheed Martin) used by the United States Air Force. It first flew in 1968 and was introduced in 1970. It is one of the biggest transports in the world. It is 247 feet (75 meters) long, 65 feet (19 meters) high, has a wingspan of 222 feet (67 meters), and can weigh up to 840,000 pounds (378,000 kilograms).

It is used to fly military equipment on to battlefields, and because of its size, it can even carry tanks and helicopters. Five C-5s have crashed.

Template (word processing)

The term template, when used in the context of word processing software, refers to a sample "fill-in-the-blank" document that can be completed either by hand or through an automated iterative process, such as a with a wizard. Once the template is completed, the user can edit, save and manage the result as an ordinary word processing document. Word processing templates give the ability to bypass the original setup and configuration time necessary to create standardized documents such as a resume. They also give the automatic configuration of the User Interface of the Word processing software, with features such as autocompletion, toolbars, thesaurus, and spelling options.

Hurricane Betsy

Hurricane Betsy was a strong hurricane of the 1965 Atlantic hurricane season which caused a lot of damage in the Bahamas, Florida, and Louisiana. Betsy made its most strongest landfall near the mouth of the Mississippi River, causing major flooding of the waters of Lake Pontchartrain into New Orleans; at the time it was the costliest hurricane in the history of the United States, and, as the first hurricane to cause over a billion dollars in damages, earned the nickname "Billion-Dollar Betsy".
It first hit the Lesser Ahtilles then Miami and New Orleans. 75 people died.

Houston Chronicle

The Houston Chronicle is the largest daily newspaper in Texas, USA. As of March 2007, it is the ninth largest newspaper circulating in the United States. With the demise of its long-time rival the "Houston Post", its nearest major competitors are located in Dallas-Fort Worth.




Delta wing

A delta wing is a wing used on fixed-wing aircraft, mainly supersonic fighter aircraft. Delta wings are triangles. Some were "tailless" (which means they had no elevators) and others were "tailed." Many of the Dassault Aviation Mirages had delta wings (like the Mirage III, Mirage V, Mirage 50, and Mirage 2000).


Popular Mechanics

Popular Mechanics is an American magazine devoted to science and technology. It was first published January 11, 1902 by H.H. Windsor, and has been owned since the 1950s by the Hearst Corporation There is also a Latin American edition that has been published for decades and a newly formed South African version available.

"Popular Mechanics" features regular sections on cars, trucks, science, technology, home how-to and outdoor adventures. A recurring column is "Jay Leno's Garage" featuring observations by the famed late-night talk show host and vehicle enthusiast.


Scientific American

Scientific American is a popular science magazine, published (first weekly and later monthly) since August 28, 1845, making it the oldest continuously published magazine in the United States. It brings articles about new and innovative research to the non-scientific audience.


The Times-Picayune

The Times-Picayune is a tri-weekly newspaper published in New Orleans, Louisiana, United States.


Poultry

Poultry are a form of domesticated bird kept by humans for their eggs, their meat or their feathers. These birds are most typically members of the superorder Galloanserae (fowl), especially the order Galliformes (which includes chickens, quails, and turkeys). The term also includes birds that are killed for their meat, such as the young pigeons (known as squabs) but does not include similar wild birds hunted for sport or food and known as game. The word "poultry" comes from the French/Norman word "poule", which itself is derived from the Latin word "pullus", which means small animal.
Poultry is the second most widely eaten type of meat in the world, accounting for about 33% of total meat production all around the world compared to pork at 36%.

World production of duck meat was about 4.2 million tonnes in 2011. China was producing two thirds of that total which means around 1.7 billion birds.

Global egg production reached 76.7 million tonnes in 2018, a huge 24% growth since 2008.



Gas station

A gas station, also known as a filling station, fueling station, service station or petrol station is a facility which sells fuel and lubricants for motor vehicles. The most common fuels sold are gasoline (petrol) or diesel fuel.

The fuel is dispensed by a gas pump. Some of the different kinds of fuel are:

Many gas stations have a convenience store close to the pumps, to make extra earnings. Some have tunnel car washs. 

Warehouse

A warehouse is a commercial building for storage of goods. Warehouses are used by manufacturers, importers, exporters, wholesalers, transport businesses, customs, etc. They are usually large plain buildings in industrial areas of cities and towns. They have loading docks to load and unload trucks; or sometimes are loaded directly from railways, airports, or seaports. They also often have cranes and forklifts for moving goods, which are usually placed on ISO standard pallets loaded into pallet racks.

In logistics, the warehouse performs the function of accumulating reserves of material resources necessary to dampen fluctuations in supply and demand volumes, as well as synchronizing the flow rates of goods in systems of promotion from manufacturers to consumers or material flows in technological production systems.

Nursery (horticulture)

A nursery is a place where plants are cultivated and grown to usable size. There are retail nurseries which sell to the general public, wholesale nurseries which sell only to other nurseries and to commercial landscape gardeners, and private nurseries which supply the needs of institutions or private estates. Some retail and wholesale nurseries sell by mail.

Credit union

A credit union is a cooperative financial institution that is owned and controlled by its members. Credit unions differ from banks and other financial institutions in that the members who have accounts in the credit union are the owners of the credit union - there are no external shareholders. Profits from the operations of a credit union are distributed to members in the form of dividends.

The basic services of a credit union are to offer savings accounts and loans to members.

Tettigoniidae

The family Tettigoniidae, known in American English as katydids and in British English as bush-crickets, contains more than 6,400 species. It is part of the suborder Ensifera.

They are also known as long-horned grasshoppers, though they are more closely related to crickets than to grasshoppers.
Their antennae may be longer than their own body length, those of the grasshoppers are always relatively short.

Katydids may disguise themselves brilliantly. Some look exactly like dead brown leaves, complete with holes, lying still on the forest floor of the rainforests of Asia and South America. Others act like green, living leaves fluttering from a branch. They even have vein-like markings like real leaves.


Bills, Bills, Bills

"Bills, Bills, Bills" was the first single from Destiny's Child's second album "The Writing's on the Wall". A track which echoed the men-bashing sentiments of TLC's massive summer hit "No Scrubs", and even featured the same producer (Kevin She"kspere Briggs). The song provided the group with their first US chart-topper in July 1999, and also reached the UK Top 10. The album featured a greater creative input from the group, although they still relied on a production crew including Rodney Jerkins, Missy Elliott, Chad Elliot, and Dwayne Wiggins of Tony! Toni! Tone!

Anna Maria Thelott

Anna Maria Thelott (1683 – 1710) was a Swedish artist. She was one of the first professional female artists in Sweden and also in Scandinavia. She was an engraver, an illustrator, a woodcut-artist, and a miniaturist. 
Anna Maria was the daughter of the artist Philipp Jacob Thelott the Older, and sister of the artist Philip Jacob Thelott the Younger. When she was a child, she worked together with her brother and her father to illustrate the books ""Campus Elysii"" and ""Atlantica"", by Olof Rudbeck, and when she was grown up, she started to work alone and illustrate papers and maps and other things. She made miniature portraits of people, she drew animals, cities and landscapes. 

Her family lived in Uppsala until 1702, when the city burnt down, and they moved to Stockholm. 

In 1710, Anna Maria became one of the many victims of the last plague in Sweden.

Justina Casagli

Justina Kristina Casagli, (1794-1841), was a famous singer and actor. She was born in Sweden, but worked in all Europe, especially in Italy and Germany, where she became famous. 
She was born with the name Justina Kristina Wässelius. Her sister, Jeanette Wässelius, also became a singer, but she only worked in Sweden. Justina went to the theatre school Dramatens elevskola in 1805. When she graduated in 1812, she began to work at the theatre Royal Swedish Opera. The same year, she married the Italian dancer Ludovico Casagli, and got the name Justina Casagli. 
She left Sweden with her husband in 1818 and went to Italy. In Italy, she played in the play "Cerentola" in Turino in 1818, in the play "Donna del Lago" in Rome in 1823 and in Lucca 1827 in the play "Matrimonio Segreto". She was a great success, and then worked in Munich in Germany for several years. After that, she tried to get work in the Opera in Sweden again, but her place there was occupied by a new singer, Henriette Widerberg. 

The last years, she lived in Parma, where she died after she had fallen from a window.

48 (number)

Forty-eight is a number. It comes between forty-seven and forty-nine, and is an even number. It is divisible by 1, 2, 3, 4, 6, 8, 12, 16, 24, and 48.

49 (number)

Forty-nine is a number. It comes between forty-eight and fifty, and is an odd number. It is divisible by 7. 49 is the 7th square number after 1, 4, 9, 16, 25, and 36.

Cynthia Lennon

Cynthia Lillian Lennon (born Cynthia Lillian Powell 10 September 1939 - 1 April 2015) was the first wife of John Lennon. Cynthia divorced Lennon in 1968 after he left her for Yoko Ono. She is the mother of Lennon's elder son Julian. 

She was born in Blackpool, Lancashire and raised in Hoylake, Cheshire.


51 (number)

Fifty-one is a number. It comes between fifty and fifty-two, and is an odd number. It is divisible by 1, 3, 17, and 51.

53 (number)

Fifty-three is a number. It comes between fifty-two and fifty-four, and is an odd number. It is also the 16th prime number, after 2, 3, 5, 7, 11, 13, 17, 19, 23, 29, 31, 37, 41, 43, and 47.

52 (number)

Fifty-two is a number. It comes between fifty-one and fifty-three, and is an even number. It is divisible by 1, 2, 4, 13, 26, and 52.

54 (number)

Fifty-four is a number. It comes between fifty-three and fifty-five, and is an even number. It is divisible by 1, 2, 3, 6, 9, 18, 27, and 54.

55 (number)

Fifty-five is a natural number. It is one of those numbers used for counting. It comes between fifty-four and fifty-six. It is an odd number. 

It is divisible by 1, 5, 11, and 55.

Mandrill

The mandrill ("Mandrillus sphinx") are the world's largest monkeys. They are also the most colourful primates. The skin colours brighten as the animal gets more excited. Males live mostly on the forest floor, while females and young climb up into trees and bushes. This monkey looks rather like a baboon, but they are in a different genus. They live in large groups, mostly in rain forests.

Males have an orange/yellow beard and an unmistakable bright red and blue snout and rump. Females and juveniles have a duller blue snout and a buff beard. Mandrills can live up to 40 years in captivity. They feed on fruits, leaves, roots, seeds, nuts, greens and invertebrates.

Mandrills live in Cameroon, Gabon and the Congo. They live in dense rainforest and coastal forests, although they sometimes go onto the savannah. Mandrills live on the ground and in trees.

Mandrills seem to live in large, stable groups called "hordes". Hordes often number in the hundreds, possibly averaging around 600+ individuals and reaching as many as 845. It is difficult to accurately estimate group size in the forest, but filming a group crossing a gap between two forest patches or crossing a road is a reliable way of estimating group size. The largest group verifiably observed in this way contained over 1,300 individuals, in Lopé National Park, Gabon—the largest aggregation of nonhuman primates ever recorded. These groups are made of adult females and their dependent offspring. 

Males live a solitary lifestyle, and only enter hordes when females are ready for mating, which lasts three months each year. All-male bachelor groups are not known to exist.

Carburization

Carburization (often also called carburizing) is how carbon is introduced into a metal. It is done to make the surface harder and more abrasion resistant. 

Depending on the amount of time and temperature, the affected area can vary in carbon content.
In earlier times, direct application of charcoal was packed onto the metal for carburization. Modern techniques use carbon-bearing gases or plasmas (such as carbon dioxide or methane). Carburization is mainly used to harden the surface of low alloy steel.

Too great a concentration of carbon makes metal brittle and unworkable, so then metals may be decarburized.

56 (number)

Fifty-six is a number. It comes between fifty-five and fifty-seven, and is an even number. It is divisible by 1, 2, 4, 7, 8, 14, 28, and 56.

Sao (moon)

Sao is a non-spherical moon of Neptune. It was found by Matthew J. Holman "et al." on August 14, 2019. 
Sao orbits Neptune at a distance of about 22.4 million km and is about 44 kilometers in diameter (assuming an albedo of 0.04).

Sao has a very inclined and eccentric orbit seen on the diagram in relation to other non-sperical moons of Neptune. 

Sao, or Neptune XI, like many of the farther moons of Neptune, is named after one of the Nereids; Sao was associated with sailing and is referred to as "The rescuer" or "Safety". Before the announcement of its name on February 3, 2007 (IAUC 8802), Sao was known provisionally as S/2002 N 2.


Dresden University of Technology

The Dresden University of Technology (; TUD) is a university in Dresden, in Germany. It is the largest university in the state of Saxony and one of the ten largest universities in Germany with around 35,000 students.

Dresden University is one of the oldest colleges of technology in Germany. In 1828, the Saxon Technical School was founded to teach workers in technological subjects such as mechanics and ship construction. In 1871, the institute was renamed the Royal Saxon Polytechnic, and other subjects, such as history and languages, were introduced. By the end of the 19th century the institute had grown into a university covering all subjects. It was given its current name in 1961.

The Dresden University of Technology is organised into 14 departments. Almost all departments are on the main campus south of the city centre, except for the Faculty of Medicine which has its own campus near the Elbe River, east of the city centre, and the Department of Forestry in a town nearby called Tharandt.

The university's annual budget is around €400 million.

The TU Dresden offers a wide range of courses and research. It has a high reputation in technical fields such as electrical engineering or computer science.

The university also has a strong research tradition in microelectronics and transport sciences in the Dresden area, and now is becoming more important in new fields of research such as biotechnology.

TU Dresden is a campus university, meaning most of its buildings are in one area rather than being spread out across the city. Some of its buildings are more than a hundred years old. In recent years these historic building have been complemented by modern buildings (e.g. the library, the main auditorium, the biochemistry department or the life sciences building).

About 60% of the students come from Saxony (about three-quarters live in Dresden), 19% from other eastern German states, 12% from the western German states and 10% from other countries.

In 2005/2006, there were 3,442 international students enrolled at TU Dresden. Most of the foreign students come from Europe (1,527), followed by Asia (1,404) and America (170). Ranked by countries the largest group of students comes from China (710), followed by Poland (294), Vietnam (196), Bulgaria (160) and Russia (154). The university is also quite popular among Central and East European countries such as the neighbouring Czech Republic (which is only away or Ukraine.

Because of the Erasmus programme and partnerships with universities in the United States, there are many English-, French- and Spanish-speaking students. But the language spoken during lessons is nearly always German. To prepare for the university, many international students attend German language courses at the university.

Sports are very popular among the TUD students. There are eight big students' clubs and the summer campus party is among the biggest in Germany. There are cafeterias as at most universities and the largest refectory can compete with some restaurants even as far as menu size.


57 (number)

Fifty-seven is a number. It comes between fifty-six and fifty-eight, and is an odd number. It is divisible by 1, 3, 19, and 57.

58 (number)

Fifty-eight is a number. It comes between fifty-seven and fifty-nine, and is an even number. It is divisible by 1, 2, 29, and 58.

59 (number)

Fifty-nine is a number. It comes between fifty-eight and sixty, and is an odd number. It is also a prime number.

Laomedeia (moon)

Laomedeia also Neptune XII, is a non-spherical moon of Neptune. It was found by Matthew J. Holman, et al. on August 13, 2002. Before the announcement of its name on February 3, 2007 (IAUC 8802), it was known as S/2002 N 3.

It orbits Neptune at a distance of about 23,571,000 km and is about 42 kilometers in diameter (assuming albedo of 0.04). It is named after Laomedeia, one of the 50 Nereids.



Tropical Storm Jerry (2007)

Tropical Storm Jerry was the tenth named storm of the 2007 Atlantic hurricane season. It was a very short-lived storm over the north-central Atlantic Ocean. The storm lasted less than 48 hours, half of that time as a subtropical cyclone. It was never a threat to land.

The system that would later become Tropical Storm Jerry started as a non-tropical low pressure area over the central Atlantic Ocean on September 21. The system moved in a shaky path over the north-central Atlantic over the next two days. It slowly developed deeper convection and became more organized. On September 22, the system had become organized enough that the National Hurricane Center mentioned a possible tropical or subtropical development in the area. Late that evening, it had been determined that a subtropical depression had formed, as a warm core had developed but the system was still involved with an upper-level low and had its strongest winds well removed from the center. Early on September 23, both satellite estimates and QuikScat data determined that the depression had strengthened into Subtropical Storm Jerry, despite the lack of a well-defined inner core. The storm slowly acquired tropical characteristics including a better-defined warm core, and became fully tropical that evening as a weak and sheared tropical storm with 40 mph (65 km/h) winds over a small radius.

Jerry began to weaken once again early on September 24 as it accelerated northeastward over cooler waters with sea surface temperatures below 24 °C (75 °F). It remained a tropical storm until later that morning.Then it weakened to a tropical depression ahead of a powerful cold front with little deep convection remaining in the system. Jerry remained a tropical depression as the cold front approached and began to absorb the system that afternoon as it continued to accelerate northeastward. That evening, a QuikScat pass determined that Jerry had opened up into a trough which was being absorbed into the larger frontal system. It completely dissipated by early on September 25.

Jerry never came near land during its lifespan, and no damage or deaths were reported. No ships were impacted by Jerry.



Jenner, California

Jenner is a small town in Sonoma County, California, U.S.. The town is small, with about 121 people. Just south of Jenner is Goat Rock Beach, a unit within the Sonoma Coast State Beach.

Tropical Storm Ingrid (2007)

Tropical Storm Ingrid was a weak tropical storm that existed from September 12 – 17, 2007. It was the ninth named storm of the 2007 Atlantic hurricane season. The storm developed as Tropical Depression Eight. Tropical Depression Nine appeared at the same time as Eight but was much quicker to develop. Tropical Depression Nine strengthened into Humberto–the next name on the list–before Eight became a named storm. Tropical Storm Ingrid was a weak storm. It only lasted for a short amount of time. The storm got weaker in the Atlantic because of high wind shear. Ingrid died out before reaching land areas. There was rain in Saint Martin and Antigua because of the storm.

The system formed from a big tropical wave that moved off the coast of west Africa on September 6. Because of strong wind shear, it did not get stronger over the next three days. On September 9, it developed an area of low pressure in the central Atlantic, between the coast of Africa and the Lesser Antilles. Slowly, the wind shear began to go away. Dvorak classifications were started on the weather system on September 11. By the morning of September 12, it had developed into Tropical Depression Eight. This took place about east of the Lesser Antilles. The same tropical wave eventually created another area of weather activity that became Tropical Depression Ten, with the help of other weather systems.

The system moved towards the west-northwest for almost all of its life. It stayed on the southern edge of a meteorological ridge. Wind shear slowed down development greatly. The system stayed a tropical depression for 24 hours before convection increased. The storm became a weak tropical storm early on September 13. The storm kept getting stronger that afternoon. It reached its highest strength of 45 mph (75 km/h) that evening.

The storm did not get stronger because of a very strong wind shear from a strong tropical upper tropospheric trough. Despite the high shear, Ingrid remained a weak tropical storm until the afternoon of September 15. It then weakened to a tropical depression while east of the Leeward Islands. Ingrid kept getting weaker as it passed to the northeast of the islands. The system stayed a tropical depression, because it continued to create strong thunderstorms. Ingrid became more organized for a short time on September 16. This event was short-lived. The storm became very disorganized once again that afternoon. It kept getting weaker. The final National Hurricane Center advisory was given out early on September 17 as the system weakened into a tropical wave while remaining north of the Leeward Islands. The remnant low turned to the northwest within the low-level steering flow. It died out on September 18 without any reforming.

Ingrid stayed just to the east and northeast of the Lesser Antilles. It weakened without impacting any land. Its remnants produced rain and thunder to Antigua. On Saint Martin, the system produced of rain in about an hour. This caused some roads to become flooded. No damage or deaths were caused by the storm. No ships reported tropical storm-force winds.

Because there was no damage from Tropical Storm Ingrid, the name "Ingrid" was not removed from the tropical cyclone names list, and will be used again during for the 2013 Atlantic hurricane season. This was the first time that the name "Ingrid" was used for a tropical cyclone in the Atlantic Ocean. However, the name has been used in other parts of the world.



61 (number)

Sixty-one is a number. It comes between sixty and sixty-two, and is an odd number. It is also a prime number.

67 (number)

Sixty-seven is a number. It comes between sixty-six and sixty-eight, and is an odd number. It is also a prime number.

Psamathe (moon)

Psamathe or Neptune X, is a non-spherical moon of Neptune.

Psamathe was found by Scott S. Sheppard and David C. Jewitt in 2003. It orbits Neptune at a distance of about 46,695,000 km and takes almost 25 Earth years to make one orbit. It is about 24 kilometers in diameter.

It is named after Psamathe, one of the Nereids. Before the announcement of its name on February 3, 2007 (IAUC 8802), it was known by the designation S/2003 N 1.


Given the similarity of the orbit's parameters with Neso (S/2002 N 4), it was suggested that both non-spherical moons could have been a bigger moon that broken up.


62 (number)

Sixty-two is a number. It comes between sixty-one and sixty-three, and is an even number. It is divisible by 1, 2, 31, and 62.

63 (number)

Sixty-three is a number. It comes between sixty-two and sixty-four, and is an odd number. It is divisible by 1, 3, 7, 9, 21, and 63.

64 (number)

Sixty-four is a number. It comes between sixty-three and sixty-five, and is an even number.

It is divisible by 1, 2, 4, 8, 16, 32, and 64. 64 is the 8th square number after 1, 4, 9, 16, 25, 36, and 49. It is the fourth cube after 1, 8, and 27.

There are sixty-four 1x1 squares on a chess, checkers and draughts board. It is also a power of two.

65 (number)

Sixty-five is a number. It comes between sixty-four and sixty-six, and is an odd number. It is divisible by 1, 5, 13, and 65.


66 (number)

Sixty-six is a number. It comes between sixty-five and sixty-seven, and is an even number. It is divisible by 1, 2, 3, 6, 11, 22, 33, and 66. In numerical form, it is "66". 

Tropical Upper Tropospheric Trough

A Tropical Upper Tropospheric Trough (TUTT) is a trough in upper-level (at about 200 hPa) tropics. Its formation is usually caused by the expansion of the Trough of Westerlies Wind to the tropics. It can also develop from the inverted trough adjacent to a upper level anticyclone. TUTTs are different from mid-latitude troughs in the sense that they are maintained by subsidence warming near the tropopause which balances radiation cooling.

TUTTs sometimes bring a large amount of vertical wind shear over tropical disturbances and cyclones so TUTTs can reduce cyclone development. But, there are also times when TUTTs help start tropical cyclones or make them stronger by providing additional forced ascent near the storm center and an efficient outflow channel in the upper troposphere. Moreover, under specific circumstances, TUTTs can grow into upper cold lows and may enhance the development of low level disturbances.


Leeward Islands

The Leeward Islands are the northern islands of the Lesser Antilles chain of islands, parts of the West Indies. They are where the Caribbean Sea meets the western Atlantic Ocean. The western Leewards are the Virgin Islands. 

The southern part of the Lesser Antilles chain is called the Windward Islands.

68 (number)

Sixty-eight is a number.sixty-eight looks like this 68 It comes above sixty-seven and below sixty-nine, and is an even number. It is divisible by 1, 2, 4, 17, 34, and 68.

69 (number)

Sixty-nine is a number. It comes between sixty-eight and seventy, and is an odd number. It is divisible by 1, 3, 23, and 69.

Saint Martin

Saint Martin is a tropical island in the northeast Caribbean, approximately 300 km southeast of Puerto Rico. The 87 km² island is divided roughly in half between France and the Netherlands; it is the smallest inhabited sea island divided between two nations.



The main towns are Marigot (on the French part) and Philipsburg in the Dutch one.
About 60.000 people live on the island.

Antigua

Antigua (IPA: /ænˈtiːgə//an-tee-gah) is an island in the West Indies, Leeward Islands in the Caribbean region, the main island of the country of Antigua and Barbuda. It is also known as Wadadli, which means approximately "our own". The island's circumference is about 87 kilometres (54 miles) and its area is 281 km² (108 square miles). About 69,000 people lived there as of July 2006. It is the largest of the Leeward Islands, and has a busy economy based on tourism, internet gambling, and education, including two medical schools.

Indigenous peoples like the Ciboney, Taíno, and Kalinago had lived on and around the island for a long time. But in 1493, Christopher Columbus became the first European to visit, and he renamed it Antigua after Mary, the mother of Jesus. The British came in 1632 and colonized the island. They brought slaves to the island from Africa who were forced to grow sugar cane. The slaves were legally freed in 1834. 

The island stopped being a part of Britain in 1981. It is now a country with Barbuda.


Tropical Storm Melissa (2007)

Tropical Storm Melissa was the thirteenth named storm of the 2007 Atlantic hurricane season. It was a short-lived storm that formed southwest of the Cape Verde islands, remaining weak because of high wind shear. It dissipated without affecting any land areas. It was only notable for being the eighth named storm of September 2007, which tied the record for the month of September.

The system began as a tropical wave that moved off the west coast of Africa on September 26. An area of low pressure formed on September 27 near Cape Verde in association with the wave, and convection slowly increased as a result of the low. Early on September 28, a rapid increase in convection and a well-organized outflow pattern allowed the low to develop into Tropical Depression Fourteen while about 115 miles (185 km) west-southwest of the southernmost Cape Verde Islands. Since the depression was far removed from the subtropical ridge and an upper-level low pressure area was sitting to the north, steering currents were weak at first and the depression moved very slowly on a general west-northwest track. Vertical wind shear from the west also slowed down development. Small amounts of strengthening took place early on September 29 as convection increased in the system, and the depression was upgraded to Tropical Storm Melissa.

Like previous storms Ingrid and Karen, high wind shear in the deep tropics delayed Melissa's development. Operationally, Melissa was briefly upgraded to 45 mph (75 km/h) late on September 29 as some satellite estimates showed a slightly stronger storm with deeper convection, but Melissa was found to have been weaker in the post-storm analysis, remaining at 40 mph (65 km/h). By early on September 30, wind shear began to severely increase and a weakening trend began. That morning, the increased shear, combined with cooler sea surface temperatures, weakened Melissa to a tropical depression with a poorly-defined surface center as it continued to move west-northwest at a somewhat faster speed. The system lost its deep convection and by the afternoon of September 30, Melissa degenerated into a remnant low as thunderstorm activity decreased. After the circulation dissipated, the remnant low continued its general west-northwest track south of a rebuilding subtropical ridge in the central Atlantic. The low produced discontinuous amounts convection until it was absorbed by a frontal zone late on October 5 northeast of the Leeward Islands.

Melissa remained away from land during its lifespan, never threatening any land areas. There were no ship reports of tropical storm-force winds as a result of Melissa. No damage or deaths were reported.

When Tropical Depression Fourteen was upgraded to Tropical Storm Melissa on September 29, it was the eighth named storm to form in the month of September. That tied a record for the month of September, which was first set in the 2002 season.



71 (number)

Seventy-one is a number. It comes between seventy and seventy-two, and is an odd number. It is also a prime number.

Neso (moon)

Neso also known as Neptune XIII, is the farthest non-spherical moon of Neptune. It was found by Matthew J. Holman, Brett J. Gladman, "et al." on August 14, 2002, though it went unnoticed until 2003. 
Neso orbits Neptune at a distance of more than 48 million km, making it the farthest known moon of any planet.

It follows a very inclined and very eccentric orbit illustrated on the diagram in relation to other irregular satellites of Neptune. 

Neso is about 60 km in diameter, and assuming the mean density of 1.5 g/cm. Its mass is estimated at 1.6 kg.

Given the similarity of the orbit's parameters with Psamathe (S/2003 N 1), it was suggested that both non-spherical moons could have been a bigger moon that broke up.

Neso is named after one of the Nereids. Before the announcement of its name on February 3, 2007 (IAUC 8802), Neso was known by its designation S/2002 N 4.

Weather front

A weather front is a boundary in between two masses of air of different densities, and is the main cause of significant weather. In surface weather analyses, fronts are depicted using various colored lines and symbols. The air masses separated by a front usually differ in temperature and humidity.

Cold fronts may feature narrow bands of thunderstorms and severe weather, and may on occasion be preceded by squall lines or dry lines. Warm fronts are usually preceded by layered precipitation and fog. The weather usually quickly clears after a front passes. Some fronts produce no precipitation and little cloudiness, although there is usually a wind shift.

Subtropical ridge

They are called Downdrafts. Areas of sinking air are called these.


Vorticity

Vorticity is a mathematical concept used in fluid dynamics. It can be related to the amount of "circulation" or "rotation" (or more strictly, the local angular rate of rotation) in a fluid.

The average vorticity in a small region of fluid flow is equal to the circulation formula_1 around the boundary of the small region, divided by the area A of the small region.

Notionally, the vorticity at a point in a fluid is the limit as the area of the small region of fluid approaches zero at the point:

Mathematically, the vorticity at a point is a vector and is defined as the curl of the velocity:

One of the base assumptions of the potential flow assumption is that the vorticity formula_5 is zero almost everywhere, except in a boundary layer or a stream-surface immediately bounding a boundary layer.

Because a vortex is a region of concentrated vorticity, the non-zero vorticity in these specific regions can be modelled with vortices.



Barbuda

Barbuda is an island in the eastern Caribbean, and forms part of the state of Antigua and Barbuda. It has a population of about 1,500, most of whom live in the town of Codrington.

Barbuda is located north of Antigua, in the middle of the Leeward Islands. To the south are the islands of Montserrat and Guadaloupe, and to the north and west are Nevis, St. Kitts, St. Barts, and St. Martin.

Émile Durkheim

David Émile Durkheim (April 15, 1858 – November 15, 1917) was a French sociologist. He is known for his contributions to sociology and anthropology. He is considered as one of the founding fathers of sociology. He thought that sociology should be scientific.
Durkheim was born in the eastern French province of Lorraine. He studied at École Normale Supérieure. He made contributions on topics such as education, crime, religion, suicide, and many other topics related to sociology.

Durkheim died in Paris, aged 59.



Popcorn

Popcorn is a snack food made by heating certain kinds of corn. There is a small amount of water inside the seeds, which causes them to explode. When the seed shell breaks a sharp noise is made. The name "pop" is because of this noise. After it pops it is white and fluffy.

Salt and melted butter are often added to popcorn. Sometimes caramel and other flavors are melted and mixed into the popcorn.

Popcorn is a popular food to eat at the cinema.

Many accidents of choking on popcorn kernels were reported. This is because the popcorn kernel does go into the airway and throat, and gets stuck. Many people want other people to take kernels out of the popcorn for children.
Popcorn that is already popped when you buy it is usually tastier and puffyer than just buying popcorn kernals and popping them with a microwave

https://www.nasimahealth.com/carbs-in-popcorn/ 

Douglas SBD Dauntless

The SBD Dauntless (SBD means Scout Bomber Douglas) was a dive bomber made by Douglas Aircraft Company (now Boeing) during World War II. It first flew in 1940 and was introduced the same year. It was made from the Northrop BT. The Dauntless's first bombing in the war happened on December 10, 1941. The target was a Japanese submarine.

The SBD-3 Dauntless was a unique American dive-bomber. This was used by the U.S. Navy in many ship attack missions, such as the Battle Of Midway. It was credited for sinking the Akagi, and many other Japanese aircraft-carriers and other battleships. This dive-bomber had unique airbrakes to prevent it from ripping apart at high speeds. These air brakes were painted in a bright red, which was a noticeable feature of the SBD-3. Also, the SBD was a carrier based aircraft, meaning it had an arrester hook, and many antennas for communication.

In the War, the Dauntless was used to take off aircraft carriers and attack enemy ships and submarines.
The SBD-5 (5th version) could go 255 miles per hour (410 kilometers per hour), and it had a Wright R-1820-60 Cyclone air-cooled radial piston engine with 1,200 horsepower. It had two 12.7 mm and two 7.62 mm machine guns and it could carry one bomb or torpedo. It weighed around 6,404 pounds (2,905 kilograms) to 10,699 pounds (4,853 kilograms). It could fly for 1,115 miles (1,795 kilometers) without running out of fuel. It could go as high as 25,525 feet (7,780 meters) above the ground.
The Dauntless was retired in the late 1940s.

John Bardeen

John Bardeen (23 May 1908 – 30 January 1991) was an American physicist and electrical engineer. He is the only person to win two Nobel Prizes in Physics.

Bardeen was born in Madison, Wisconsin. His father, Charles Bardeen was a Professor at the Medical School of the University of Wisconsin. He completed his bachelor's degree and master's degree in Electrical Engineering at the University of Wisconsin-Madison. He completed his PhD in Physics at Princeton University in 1936.
Bardeen worked with William Shockley and Walter Brattain to invent the transistor on 23 December 1947. They shared the Nobel Prize in Physics for 1956.

Later, Bardeen worked with Leon Cooper and John Robert Schrieffer. They created the BCS theory of superconductivity, named after them. For this work they shared the Nobel Prize in Physics for 1972.

Bardeen was a Professor of Electrical Engineering and Physics at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign from 1951 to 1991.



Reconnaissance

Reconnaissance, sometimes called scouting, is the act of exploring to gain military information. Often referred to as "recce" (UK, Canada and Australia, ) or "recon" (U.S., ), the associated formal verb is "reconnoitre" (British spelling) or "reconnoiter" (American spelling). In informal English, both "recce" and "recon" are often also used as a verb. The term is sometimes used in civilian / paramilitary and various government contexts.

Often, units sent out for reconnaissance are armed only for self-defense. They rely on stealth to gather information. Others are well-enough armed to also deny information to the enemy by fighting and or destroying their reconnaissance parties.

"Reconnaissance-in-force" (RIF) is a method of probing an enemy's position. An attack, even with a small force, may get a strong reaction by the enemy. Hopefully that reveals the enemy's strength, deployment, and other tactical information. The RIF commander can fall back with the information or expand the conflict into a full engagement. Other methods consist of hit-and-run tactics using moving very fast. In some cases light-armored vehicles are used for added fire superiority, as the need arises.

Cape Verde-type hurricane

A Cape Verde-type hurricane is an Atlantic hurricane that develops near the Cape Verde islands, off the west coast of Africa. The average hurricane season has about two Cape Verde-type hurricanes, which are usually the strongest storms of the season because they often have plenty of warm open ocean over which to develop before coming across land.

Windward Islands

The Windward Islands are the southern islands of the Lesser Antilles in the West Indies. They are south of the Leeward Islands.

The Antillean Windward Islands from north to south are:

Barbados and Trinidad and Tobago are not part of the Windward Islands.

List of professional wrestlers

Batista

Batista is a Spanish or Portuguese surname. Notable persons with the name include:




Birth certificate

A birth certificate is a vital record that documents the birth of a child. The certificate itself usually includes some or all of the following information:


Most countries have statutes and laws that regulate the registration of births. In the United States, it is the responsibility of the mother's physician, midwife, or a hospital administrator to prepare the official birth certificate.

The birth certificate itself is not proof of a person's identity, but only a record stating that a birth occurred at the time, date, and place stated on the certificate.
To prove one's identity, a person may need a photo ID, generally issued to an adult.



Vital record

Vital records are records of life events. They include birth certificates, marriage licenses, and death certificates. In some jurisdictions, vital records may also include records of civil unions or domestic partnerships. In modern times these would be state-held records, though prior to civil registration these were often church-held records.


Tzitzernavank Monastery

Tzitzernavank Monastery (, "Swallows Monastery") is an Armenian monastery in the region of Kashatagh (under control of the Nagorno Karabakh Republic). The monastery dates from the fourth to sixth centuries and recognized as a native Armenian example of an “oriental” architectural type.

The church of St. Gregory was reopened after a restoration in 1999-2000.


Hérens District

Hérens is a district in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.

It contains the following municipalities:

Leuk District

The district of Leuk in the canton of Valais contains the following municipalities:

The municipalities of Guttet and Feschel were combined on October 1, 2000

Martigny District

Martigny is a district in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.

It contains the following municipalities:


Mariner 10

Mariner 10 was a robotic NASA space probe. It was launched on November 3, 1973, to fly by the planets Mercury and Venus. It passed Mercury three times and photographed much of it. Mariner 10 is no longer working today but is still orbiting the Sun. It was launched about two years after Mariner 9 and was the last spacecraft in the Mariner program. Mariner 10 was the first space probe sent to Mercury.

Saccharide

Saccharide can mean different things:

Fender

Fender is a well known company that produces guitars and bass guitars. These are sold all over the world. The founder is Leo Fender. Fender makes the Stratocaster and Telecaster guitars; and the Precision and Jazz basses.

Myra

Myra is an ancient town in Lycia. The small town of Kale (Demre) is near it today. It is in Antalya Province of Turkey. It was on the river Myros (Demre Çay), in the fertile alluvial plain between Alaca Dağ, the Massikytos range and the Aegean Sea.

Nicholas of Myra (also known as "Saint Nicholas") did many things there.

Metis (moon)

Metis or , is Jupiter's closest moon.

Metis was found in 1979 by Stephen P. Synnott in images taken by the Voyager 1 probe. Its designation was . In 1983 it was named after the mythological Metis, a Titaness who was the first wife of Zeus (the Greek equivalent of Jupiter).

Metis is not a sphere and measures 60×40×34 km across. The composition and mass of Metis are not known, but assuming that its mean density is like that of Amalthea (~0.86 g/cm³), its mass can be estimated as ~7×10 kg. Amalthea's density implies that moon is composed of water ice with a porosity of 10-15%, and Adrastea may be similar.

The surface of Metis is very cratered. It is dark and appears to be reddish in color.

Metis is the closest moon to Jupiter. It orbits Jupiter at a distance of ~128,000 km. It has a very small orbital eccentricity (~0.0002) and inclination (~ 0.06°) relative to the equator of Jupiter.7

The images taken by "Voyager 1" showed Metis only as a dot, and very little was known about Metis until the arrival of the "Galileo" spacecraft. "Galileo" took pictures of almost all of the surface of Metis and put constraints on its composition.


Goblin Valley State Park, Utah

The Goblin Valley State Park is a State park in the southern Utah.

The valley, which is only about across and long, is full of thousands of mushroom-shaped pinnacles. These pinnacles are each a few meters high. Because of their height and shape, people referred to them as goblins. They are made of large orange-brown boulders of hard rock on top of weaker sandy layers. The sandy layers have eroded more quickly causing their shape. The "Goblins" are well hidden from the nearby road. The land to the east is flat and empty. It is near a long narrow ridge with eroded layers of grey and red-brown rocks. The far side of this empty land gives the best views of the landscape. The Goblins look as if they join with the cliffs. This gives giving the look of a strange skeletal structure with skull-like rocks and bony ridges. 

There are several trails passing through the park. These trails are not easy to notice and people can walk almost anywhere. 

The land west of Goblin Valley State Park is part of the San Rafael Swell. It is similar to much of south Utah. The land is far away from most things and beautiful. It is crossed only by a few dirt tracks. 4WD vehicles are very useful here. There are many slot canyons in this area. Some of these, for example Little Wild Horse Canyon, may be explored easily.

European Article Number

The European Article Number (often shortened to "EAN") is a standard to encode product numbers. The EAN is a special case of a Global Trade Item Number. The EAN is made of either 8 or 13 digits (EAN-8, and EAN-13). In many cases, the EAN allows to uniquely identify the item. Most of the time, the EAN is printed on the packaging of a product. Special scanners are able to decode these numbers. They then look up the product-specific data (such as the price) and print it on the bill, for exampe.

Note that the EAN is often encoded using a barcode (such as the ones in the example), but this does not have to be thecase. There are other machine-readable codes which can also be used.

The standard EAN has 13 digits. The EAN is composed of different sections:


The normal length of an EAN is 13 digits. There is also a shorter version called EAN-8, for small packages, where the full 13-digit number would take too much space on the package. The EAN-8 consists of:


There are special organisations which give out both EAN-8 and EAN-13 numbers. Since EAN-8 numbers with a starting digit 2 are free use, many retailers (such as Aldi) use them for their own products. As an example, Aldi uses EAN-8 codes starting with 290 or 221; 290 and 221 are the country-specific parts "for internal use".

Eta (disambiguation)

Eta or ETA may mean:

Words:
Abbreviations:

Carrefour, Haiti

Carrefour is a poor district in the Ouest Department of Port-au-Prince, Haïti. Its population is 408,000. The neighborhood is very poor and ill-serviced however as of recently, small-scale construction has gone on in the area along with street renovations. A slum called Feuilles of Carrefour is notorious for the illegal execution of eleven young men that took place there in 1999.

Mochi

Mochi is a type of Japanese confectionary made from pounded pasty rice and molded into shape. Mochi normally has a filling inside, such as ice cream, azuki (red bean) paste, and others. In Japan, mochi is often eaten in New Year's Day in one of two dishes: ozoni (お雑煮) or osiruko (おしるこ).

Mochitsuki is a traditional mochi-making ceremony in Japan. It requires two people. One person pounds steamed rice into the dough with a traditional mortar (臼:usu）and a mallet（杵:kine). The other person turns over rice each time it is pounded. They have to keep rhythm to make mochi well. These days, normal families rarely do classic mochitsuki, but it is still popular at community events or with children's groups.


Mochi can be dangerous food for old people because it is difficult to bite off and is sticky.
Many old people choke to death while eating mochi every year.
Japanese know mochi is dangerous traditional food, so the accident is one's own responsibility.

Donkey Kong (video game)

Donkey Kong is an arcade video game made by Nintendo in 1981. It was designed by Shigeru Miyamoto and Gunpei Yokoi after their other games failed in North America. It is the first game starring Mario (then called Jumpman) and Donkey Kong, where Mario has to climb a construction site to save his girlfriend Pauline from Donkey Kong, an escaped gorilla.

The player is Jumpman (Mario). He must climb to the top of the level to reach his girlfriend Pauline who has been kidnapped by Donkey Kong, who escaped from a zoo. There are four different levels, and Donkey Kong has different weapons in each. Donkey Kong rolls barrels down a busted construction site, and Mario has to climb ladders and jump over these barrels until he reaches the top. He can grab a hammer to defeat obstacles, and each level has three of Pauline's things that will give him bonus points.

When Mario beats the fourth level, it goes back to the first level and it gets harder. Like all arcade games with looping levels has an end level because the game cannot go farther than that. In this, Mario dies ten seconds into the final level.

The music was made by Hirokazu "Hip" Tanaka. Several remixes have been made of music from this game and used in "Super Smash Bros. Brawl".

Shigeru Miyamoto made "Donkey Kong" with the help of other people, such as Gunpei Yokoi. It was based on an older Nintendo game called "Radar Scope", which did not do very well in the United States, so Hiroshi Yamauchi, the president of Nintendo, asked Miyamoto to make a game to replace "Radar Scope".

There are a lot of rumors about where the name comes from. One rumor says that someone misheard or mistranslated the phrase "Monkey Kong" into "Donkey Kong" when talking over the phone or on a fax machine. Another rumor is that Miyamoto used a Japanese-to-English dictionary to find words that meant stubborn gorilla and came up with "Donkey Kong".

When "Donkey Kong" was first announced in America, game magazines thought it was not going to be a good game because it was not like other games being made at the time, which were mostly shooting games. But when it came out, it got great reviews and made a lot of money at the arcades. It is one of Nintendo's most famous games ever made.

There was a documentary made about the game called "" where someone tries to beat the high score for the game.

A lot of items from this game are used in "Super Smash Bros. Brawl". There is also a stage that copies the third level.

"Donkey Kong" has had many sequels. "Donkey Kong Jr." and "Donkey Kong 3" were sequels to this game. The playable character called Mario went on to become the biggest game character of all time, making Nintendo more than 1 billion dollars and releasing more than 200 games, more than any other series. Donkey Kong went on to have his own series apart from Mario, starting with "Donkey Kong Country" for the Super NES. Donkey Kong also starred in many more sequels, as well as spin-offs like the "Donkey Konga" music games.

"Donkey Kong" has been re-released many times; first on the Nintendo Entertainment System where it was the same game except that it does not have the second level. It has also appeared on other consoles including Atari consoles. A sequel came out for the Game Boy called "Donkey Kong", which has the first four levels and 100 new levels after that.

"Donkey Kong" appeared as a bonus game in the Frantic Factory level for "Donkey Kong 64".

This game has not to be confused with the Game & Watch "Donkey Kong Jr." portable game console, because the history of the game is a little different. In the Game & Watch version, the main character is Donkey Kong Jr., that has to save its father Donkey Kong from Mario. This game recently released for the Nintendo DSi as a downloadable for the cost of 200 Nintendo Points.

Léogâne

Léogâne is the name of both a coastal city and a district in Ouest Department, Haiti. The city of Léogâne is around . The arrondissement of Léogâne contains three communes: Petit-Goâve, Grand-Goâve, and the city of Léogâne. The town was at the epicenter of the 12 January 2010 earthquake and was catastrophically affected, with 80–90% of buildings damaged. This is because the country could not afford earthquake-proof buildings as it is very poor.

The port town is about West of the Haitian capital Port-au-Prince. Léogâne is the birthplace of the Taíno queen Anacaona (the town was originally called the Amerindian name "Yaguana" and the city's name is a corruption of that) and of Marie-Claire Heureuse Félicité, the wife of the Haitian revolutionary Jean-Jacques Dessalines (1758).

Atlantic Beach, Florida

Atlantic Beach is a city in Duval County, Florida, United States. When the majority of communities in Duval County consolidated with Jacksonville, Florida in 1968, Atlantic Beach, along with Jacksonville Beach, Neptune Beach, Ponte Vedra Beach and Baldwin, Florida, remained quasi-independent. Like the other towns, it maintains its own municipal government but its residents vote in the Jacksonville mayoral election and have representation on the Jacksonville city council. The population was 13,513 at the 2020 census.

Pity

Pity means feeling for others, particularly feelings of sadness or sorrow. In a positive sense it means "sympathy" and "empathy". More commonly Pity is a negative judgement of others and their situation. An example of pity is how most people feel about the homeless. Pity and compassion are closely related words but have subtle differences. The difference is that compassion usually involves some commitment to help. Pity does not usually require any personal involvement. Sometimes pity can also have feelings of contempt and dislike that go with it. In a positive sense, and especially as practiced in many religions, it can involve feelings the person does not deserve what has happened to him or her. In this case the person feeling pity feels sorry it happened.


<br>

First ascent

In climbing, the first climb to reach the top of a mountain is called first ascent. 
The risks for the climbers are often very high, because the way to the top is not known. That is why first ascents are often carefully recorded as part of the history of a mountain and usually mentioned in books about that mountain. 

Some use the words "last ascent" as a joke for a way that was no pleasure and no one wants to do it like the first climbers.


ZIP code

The ZIP code is the system of postal codes used by the United States Postal Service (USPS). The letters "ZIP" is an acronym for Zone Improvement Plan. The letters are written properly in capital letters. The word ZIP was chosen to suggest that the mail travels more efficiently, and more quickly, when senders use it. The basic ZIP code is made up of five numbers. An extended ZIP + 4 code includes the five digits of the ZIP code, a hyphen and then four more digits. This lets a piece of mail to be sent to a more exact location than by the ZIP code alone. "ZIP Code" was a trademark of the U.S. Postal Service but its registration has since ended.

The postal service started the use of postal zones for large cities in 1943. By the early 1960s a more general system was needed. On July 1, 1963, ZIP codes were created for the whole country but they were not mandatory. In 1967, these were made mandatory for many types of mail. The system was soon used for all mail.

In 1983, the U.S. Postal Service began using an expanded ZIP code system called "ZIP + 4", often called "plus-four codes" or "add-on codes."

A ZIP + 4 code uses the basic five-digit code plus an additional four digits to identify a geographic area inside the five-digit delivery area, such as a group of apartments, or a location which gets a large amount of mail.

ZIP codes are numbered with the first number representing a certain group of U.S. states. The second and third numbers represent a region in that group of states or, in some cases, a large city. The fourth and fifth numbers representing a group of delivery addresses within that region. The main town in a region (if applicable) often gets the first ZIP codes for that region. Other towns are often given ZIP codes in numerical order alphabetically.
The first digit of the ZIP code is used as follows:




Eastern European Time

Eastern European Time (EET) is one of the names of UTC+2 time zone, 2 hours ahead of Coordinated Universal Time. It is used in some European, North African, and Middle Eastern countries. Most of them also use Eastern European Summer Time (UTC+3) as a summer daylight saving time.

Two countries uses Eastern European Time all the year: 

The following countries, parts of countries, and territories use Eastern European Time during the winter only:

Moscow used EET between 1922-30 and 1991-92. In Poland this time was used between 1918-22.
Turkey, used EET between 1910-2016 except for the years 1978-85 and has switched to Moscow Time all year long.

In time of World War II MET (CET) was used in eastern countries, occupied by Germany.


Tom Clancy

Thomas Leo "Tom" Clancy Jr. (April 12, 1947 - October 1, 2013) was an American writer and screenwriter. His books are thrillers about politics, spys and the military. Most of his books include many technical details about their subjects. Seventeen of his novels were best-sellers, with over 100 million copies in print. His stories take place during and after the Cold War. He owned with some other people a Major League Baseball team. Clancy also produced popular video games.

Thomas Leo Clancy Jr. was born on April 12, 1947, in Maryland. He finished school 1965. After school he studied English Literature at Loyola College in Baltimore and finished that in 1968. He said he studied English because he was not smart enough to do physics.

Clancy married his first wife, Wanda, in the 1970s. They have four children together and separated in 1998.

In 1993, Clancy bought with some other people the Baltimore Orioles (Baseball team) from Eli Jacobs.

In 1999, Clancy, at age 52, married the 32-year-old writer Alexandra Marie Llewellyn, on June 26. Llewellyn is a distant relative of Colin Powell.

Clancy is known to have been politically conservative, and gave over $200,000 to Republican Party politicians.

Clancy died October 1, 2013, of heart failure at Johns Hopkins Hospital, near his Baltimore home at age 66. Clancy is survived by his wife, Alexandra; their daughter, Alexis; and four children from a previous marriage to Wanda King: Michelle Bandy, Christine Blocksidge, Kathleen Clancy and Thomas Clancy III. His cause of death was later confirmed to be heart failure.

From the books "The Hunt for Red October", "Patriot Games", "Clear and Present Danger", and "The Sum of All Fears" films were made, that many people wanted to see. The first NetForce book was filmed for television.

The website IMDB says that Tom Clancy's novel "Without Remorse" is to be made into a movie in 2008. No other details are available (27 June 2007).

Several books that are written by other writers have Tom Clancy's name on them, because the books are written in the same way and have the same stories as his own. These are:

Only two books of Clancy are not with Jack Ryan and/or John Clark.



Mount Thor

Mount Thor is a mountain on Baffin Island, Nunavut, Canada. It is the steepest mountain on Earth. It has a straight drop at 1,250 m (4,100 feet), with an average angle of 150 degrees.

Waluigi

Waluigi is a character in Nintendo's series of Mario video games. He is the villain version of Luigi in the same way that Wario is the evil version of Mario. Waluigi is a very long, thin, tall man, who wears purple.

Waluigi is very tall and thin. He wears black overalls with a purple shirt, and has brown, pointed shoes. He has upside-down Ls (Γs) on hat, gloves and mustache which is a Greek letter Gamma, and is the evil counterpart to Luigi.

He was made as a partner for Wario by the company Camelot in Mario Tennis and other Mario spinoff games and has no real story behind him. He is in "Super Smash Bros. Brawl", "Super Smash Bros. for Nintendo 3DS and Wii U", and "Super Smash Bros. Ultimate" as an Assist Trophy. Waluigi is known to be smarter than Wario, but acts sillier.

Waluigi was ranked in the tenth slot on GameDaily's top 10 Nintendo characters that deserve their own games. They also listed him as one of the top 25 video-game anti-heroes, saying that it was too bad that he has never had the spotlight.

However, he also ranked number one on the Top 10 Worst "Mario" Characters list from Game Daily, which said, ""for every likable character there's one that continues to annoy us even years after we're done with the game they came from"". Waluigi has been criticised by others as well. Cracked.com said that he was a lazy excuse to add a new villain to the spin-off games and even called him an "abomination".


Alexander von Humboldt

Alexander von Humboldt (Berlin, 14 September 1769 – Berlin, 6 May 1859) was a Prussian naturalist and explorer. Humboldt's work on botanical geography was very important in the field of biogeography.

Humboldt was born in Berlin. His father, Alexander Georg von Humboldt, was a major in the Prussian Army. He married Maria Elizabeth von Colomb in 1766. The couple had two sons, the younger was Alexander. Alexander's elder brother was the Prussian minister, philosopher, and linguist Wilhelm von Humboldt. 

In his childhood Humboldt already liked to collect plants, shells, and insects. Humboldt's father died very early (in 1779). From that time on his mother took care of his education.

Between 1799 and 1804, Humboldt travelled to Latin America and was the first scientist who wrote about it. He was one of the first who said that South America and Africa were once one continent. 

Late in his life he attempted to bring together different fields of science in his work "Kosmos".

Honors and namesakes: Many places and species are named after him, as is the Humboldt Current.




Nike, Inc.

Nike, Incorporated is a company formed in the United States. It is based near Beaverton, Oregon. 

Nike is the world’s biggest brand of sports shoes, clothes and equipment.

Nike has approximately 62,600 employees worldwide as of 2015.

Their net income is $2.7 billion and their revenue is $27.8 billion.

The company was founded on 25 January 1964. Nike was named Blue Ribbon Sports at first ( it changed to Nike in 1971). The original founders of Nike are Bill Bowerman and Philip Knight. The company is named after Nike, the Greek goddess of victory.

Nike sells its products under its own name as well as Nike Golf, Nike Pro, Nike+, Air Jordan, and Team Starter. Nike also owns the brands Bauer, Cole Haan, Hurley International, and Converse. "Nike, Incorporated" also funds certain sports events such as the FIFA World Cup 2014.


Pound sterling

The pound sterling (GBP; £ or ₤), also called just the pound, is the official currency used in the United Kingdom. It is also used in British overseas territories and the British Crown dependencies of the Isle of Man, Bailiwicks of Guernsey and Jersey. The pound is divided into 100 .

Today's coins are 1 penny, 2 pence, 5 pence, 10 pence, 20 pence, 50 pence, £1 and £2. The banknotes are £5, £10, £20 and £50.

As of October 2022, one pound was equal to 1.11 United States dollars.

A pound coin originally weighed one troy pound of sterling silver, giving the currency the name "pound sterling". "Sterling silver" means mixed metal that has 92.5% or more real silver. One pound sterling was originally divided by 240 sterling pence. This was because there are 240 pennyweights in a troy pound. So a single one–pound coin weighed one troy pound (about 373 grams) and a single 1–penny coin weighed one pennyweight (about. 1.5 gram).

The Latin word for "pound" is "libra". The £ or ₤ is a stylised writing of the letter L, a short way of writing "libra". This is similar to how a pound of mass is abbreviated "lb". Up until around the 1970s, especially on typewriters or keyboards without a "£" symbol, it was common to write "L" instead of "£".

The symbol for pennies is p. The British write 50p or £0.50 and say it "fifty pence" or simply "fifty pee"

The pound has only been divided into 100 pence since 1971. Before this time it was divided into 20 shillings. Each shilling was divided into 12 pennies.

The symbols for shilling and penny came from Roman coins: "s" for shilling (from the Latin word "solidus") and "d" for penny (from the Latin "denarius"). The penny was divided into 4 farthings. The farthing became obsolete (was no longer used) in 1961 because it was worth so little.

Coins just before the change in 1971 were: 1/2d (ha'penny), 1d (one penny), 3d (threepence; the coin was called a "thrup'ny bit"); 6d (sixpence); 1s (one shilling, also called one "bob"); 2s (a florin); 2s6d (half a crown; the crown, 5s (a quarter of a pound sterling), was not used in modern times).

How prices were written and pronounced in the old system:

There was also a guinea. Originally the guinea was a gold coin. Although the coin had not been minted or circulated for a long time, prices were still sometimes given in guineas. A guinea was 21s (or £1 1s 0d). A price of 58 guineas was, in fact, £60 18s 0d, which sounds more than "58 guineas".

In circulation before 1971 were the halfpenny, penny, threepence, sixpence, shilling, florin, crown, sovereign, ten shilling note, and the one, five, 10, 20 and 50 pound notes.

The crown and sovereign were legal currency before 1971. By then they were commemorative coins and not commonly found in circulation. They are both still legal currency at a value of 25 pence and £1 respectively.

In 1971, the pound sterling of the United Kingdom and the Irish Pound of Ireland were decimalised (divided into 100). Most coins were de-monetised. £1 was equal to 100 pence after then. One shilling became 5 pence, remaining of £1. £1 stayed the same.


Vestfold

Vestfold is a county in Norway. (It became a county again in 2024.)
It bordered Buskerud and Telemark. The county administration was in the city of Tønsberg. Vestfold was west of the Oslo Fjord. The river Numedalslågen runs through the area. Many islands are at the coast. Vestfold is mostly lowland areas. It is among the best agricultural areas of Norway.

On 1 January 2020 the county merged with Telemark to the county of Vestfold og Telemark.

Vestfold used to be a headquarters for whaling fleets. The economy of the coastal towns of Vestfold now is centered around fishing and shipbuilding. Some lumbering is done away from the coast. The district also has some of the best farmland in Norway. 

Buskerud

Buskerud is a county of Norway. It became a county again, in 2024. (It was a county, before 2020.) The main city of Buskerud is Drammen.

On 1 January 2020 the county merged with Akershus and Østfold to the current county of Viken.

Telemark

Telemark is a county in Norway. Skien is the main city in Telemark.

On 1 January, 2020 the county merged with Vestfold to the county of Vestfold og Telemark. On 1 January, 2024, they split apart again.

Akershus

Akershus is a county of Norway. It became a county again, in 2024.

It is bordered by Buskerud, Oslo and Østfold and former counties Hedmark and Oppland.

It has a short border with Sweden. Akershus was the second largest county in population after Oslo. 

It has more than half a million people living in it.

The county administration is in Oslo, which was not part of the county.

Animal life: Wolves exist in the county. The government has no policy for causing extinction, but at least two wolves were killed in 2024.

The county is named after Akershus Fortress.

Most of the county is in the districts Follo and Romerike. There are also the two smaller districts of Asker and Bærum which are west of Oslo.

Akershus includes some of the lake Mjøsa and some of the river Glomma. Because it includes many suburbs of Oslo, notably Bærum, Akershus has a large number of people living in a small area. The main national railway lines into Oslo run through Akershus with many stations such as Asker, Ullensaker, Ski and Lillestrøm.

The county includes the historical place Eidsvoll, 48 km north of Oslo. This is where the National assembly voted the Norwegian constitution in 1814. South of Eidsvoll is the international airport of Oslo Airport at Gardermoen. The home of the crown prince is in Asker.

The county has a major international airport, the Oslo Airport. It also has two university hospitals, Akershus University Hospital and Sunnaas Hospital.

Akershus became a fief in the 16th century. At that time it included the current counties of Hedmark, Oppland, Buskerud and Oslo. It also included municipalities of Askim, Eidsberg and Trøgstad in the county of Østfold. In 1685 Buskerud was separated from Akershus. In 1768 Hedmark and Oppland were also separated from Akershus. In 1842 Christiania (Oslo) was made separate as well. In 1948 Aker was transferred to the county of Oslo.

On 1 January 2020 the county merged with Buskerud and Østfold to the current county of Viken.

The county is named after Akershus Fortress. The fortress was built in 1299. Its name means "the (fortified) house of (the district) Aker". 



West Highland White Terrier

The West Highland White Terrier or Westie is originally a Scottish dog. 

The Westie was first used for hunting foxes and otters. The breed is well known for high stamina, courage and agility. Westies have a double white coat which protects them from attacks and cold weather. They have dark black eyes.

They are small dogs and are lively, playful and alert. They are loyal to their owner, but can be stubborn at times. They are known to kill small animals, such as moles, squirrels, chipmunks and birds. They like to be outdoors.

Soldier (song)

"Soldier" is an R&B/hip hop song written by Beyoncé Knowles, Kelly Rowland, Michelle Williams, Rich Harrison, Sean Garrett, T.I., and Lil Wayne for Destiny's Child's fourth studio album, "Destiny Fulfilled" (2004). It was produced by Knowles and Harrison and released as the album's second single in fall 2004. The song reached number 3 in Australia and the United States. It became the group's tenth and final consecutive top 10 hit in the US. It peaked in the top 10 in New Zealand, the UK, Denmark, Ireland, Israel, Finland, Italy, Greece and Switzerland. The song also was nominated for a Grammy Award for Best Rap/Sung Collaboration category. It won the Soul Train Lady of Soul Award for Best R&B/Soul Single by a Group, Band or Duo.



Abrasion (medical)

In dermatology, an abrasion is a damage to the skin that affects only the surface, generally not deeper than the epidermis. But it can give mild bleeding. Mild abrasions, also known as 'grazes' do not scar, but deep abrasions may lead to the development of scarring tissue.

Abrasion injuries occur rather often when exposed skin comes into moving contact with a rough surface causing trauma to the upper layers of the epidermis.

Such injuries, where caused by abrasive contact with textiles or carpet, are sometimes referred to as 'rug burn' or 'carpet burn'. 


Abrasion (disambiguation)

Abrasion may mean:


Wear (erosion)

In materials science, wear is the erosion of material from a solid surface by the action of another solid. The study of the processes of wear is part of the discipline of tribology.
There are four principal wear processes:


The definition of wear does not include loss of dimension from plastic deformation, although wear can happen without loss of material. Also this definition does not include impact wear where there is no sliding motion or cavitation (also corrosion) where counterbody is a fluid..

Wear, along with other aging processes such as fatigue, creep, and fracture toughness, causes progressive degradation of materials with time leading to failure of material at an advanced age. Under normal circumstances, the property changes during usage normally occur in three different stages as follows:-
• Primary or early stage or run-in period, where rate of changes can be high. 
• Secondary or mid-age process where a steady rate of aging process is maintained. The useful or working life is at this stage.
• Tertiary or old-age stage, where rapid rate of aging leads to early failure.

With increasing severity of environmental conditions, such as, higher temperatures, strain rates, stress and sliding velocities, the secondary stage is shortened and the primary stage tends to merge with the tertiary stage, thus drastically reducing the working life. Surface engineering processes are used to minimize wear and extend working life of material.

Adhesive wear is also known as scoring, galling, or seizing. It happens when two solid surfaces slide over one another under pressure.

This happens when material is removed by contact with hard particles. The particles either may be present at the surface of a second material or may exist as loose particles between two surfaces. 
Abrasive wear can be measured as loss of mass by the Taber Abrasion Test according to ISO 9352 or ASTM D 1044.

Often referred to simply as “corrosion”, corrosive wear is deterioration of useful properties in a material due to reactions with its environment.

Surface fatigue is a how the surface of a material is weakened by cyclic loading, which is one type of general material fatigue.


Compacted oxide layer glaze

Compacted oxide layer glaze describes the often shiny, wear-protective layer of oxide formed when two metals (or a metal and ceramic) are slid against each other at high temperature in an oxygen-containing atmosphere. The layer forms on either or both the surfaces in contact and can protect against wear.



Wound

In medicine, a wound is a type of physical injury where in the skin is torn, cut or punctured (an "open" wound), or where blunt force trauma causes a bruise (a "closed" wound). In pathology, it specifically means a sharp injury which damages the dermis of the skin. A mortal wound is one that leads directly to the death of the victim.

To heal a wound, the body undertakes a series of actions collectively known as the wound healing process.



Chick Corea

Armando Anthony "Chick" Corea (June 12, 1941 – February 9, 2021) was a famous American jazz pianist/keyboardist and composer.

He was born in Chelsea, Massachusetts and learned to play drums and piano with his father. His career began in 1962 and he moved to New York City where he went to music schools and played with famous jazz musisicans such as Stan Getz, Sarah Vaughan and Miles Davis. In 1972 he started his own jazz band called Return to Forever, where he played electric piano. In the 1980s he formed one band called the Acoustic Band and one called the Electric Band. He also had small trios and bigger bands. One of his recents bands was called "Spanish Heart Band" and had 8 members.

All together he made around 80 records and won 23 Grammy Awards. Some of his best known jazz compositions were called "Spain", "500 Miles High", "Fiesta", "Armando's Rhumba" and "Windows".

Corea died from cancer at his home in the Tampa Bay Area of Florida on February 9, 2021, at age 79.

Monthey District

Monthey is a district of the canton of Valais in Switzerland.

It contains the following municipalities:


Raron (district)

Raron was a district in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.

It contains the following municipalities:


Street children

Children that are homeless, and that have to look for themselves are called street children. They may have run away, or they may have no relatives who look after them. 

Looking at it more closely, there are two different concepts: 

According to the European Federation for Street Children, they are an extremely vulnerable group living in very difficult conditions. The human rights of many of these children are often violated: They are exposed to violence or sexual exploitation and abuse. They may be addicted to drugs.

Article 27 of the Convention on the Rights of the Child (CRC) says that the state recognises the right of every child to a standard of living that is adequate for the development of the child. 

“State parties recognize the right of every child to a standard of living adequate for the child's physical, mental, spiritual, moral and social 

development.” Homelessness denies each one of those rights. According to an Inter-NGO Program on street children and youth, a street child is “any girl or boy who has not reached adulthood, for whom the street (in the widest sense of the word, including unoccupied dwellings, wasteland, etc.) has become his or her habitual abode and/or source of livelihood, and who is inadequately protected, directed, and supervised by responsible adults.”

Children who have no home but the streets, and no family support. They move from place to place, living in shelters and abandoned buildings.
In institutionalized care: children in this situation come from a situation of homelessness and are at risk of returning to a life on the street or facing at the child labour or child prostitution.

Saint-Maurice District

Saint-Maurice is a district in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.

It contains the following municipalities:


Sierre District

Sierre is a district of the canton of Valais in Switzerland.

It contains the following municipalities:


Sion District

Sion is a district of the canton of Valais in Switzerland.

It contains the following municipalities:


Visp District

Visp is a district in the canton of Valais in southern Switzerland. It contains the following municipalities:

Steckborn District

Steckborn is a former district of the canton of Thurgau. The capital city was Steckborn.

It contains the following municipalities:

Frauenfeld District

Frauenfeld is a district of the canton of Thurgau. The capital city, and the capital of Thurgau, is the city of Frauenfeld.

These municipalities are in the district:

American badger

The American badger ("Taxidea taxus") is an animal usually found in the Great Plains area of North America. 

It looks similar to the European badger, but it is not closely related to them. It is found in the western, central, and eastern United States, northern Mexico, and south-central Canada.

The American badger's habitat lives in open grasslands eating prey (such as mice, squirrels, and groundhogs). The badger likes areas such as prairies with sandy loam soils where it can dig easily for its prey. They are found in many places from high alpine meadows to sea level.

American badgers are excellent diggers, and can tunnel rapidly through the soil using their powerful forelimbs.

Badgers are carnivorous. Unlike many carnivores that stalk their prey in open country, badgers catch most of their food by digging. They can tunnel after ground-dwelling rodents with amazing speed.

Kreuzlingen District

Kreuzlingen is a district of the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland. The capital city is Kreuzlingen.

It contains the following municipalities:

Weinfelden District

Weinfelden is one of the eight districts of the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland. The capital city is Weinfelden.

It contains the following municipalities:

Bischofszell District

Bischofszell is a former district of the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland. The capital city was Bischofszell.

It contains the following municipalities:

Diessenhofen District

Diessenhofen is a former district of the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland. The capital city was Diessenhofen.

It contains the following municipalities:

Münchwilen District

Münchwilen is one of the eight districts of the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland. The capital city is Münchwilen.

It contains the following municipalities:

Arbon District

Arbon is a district of the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland. The capital city is Arbon.

It contains the following municipalities:

Steckborn

Steckborn is a municipality in Frauenfeld in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland. It was the capital city of Steckborn.

Steckborn is near Lake Constance. In 2005, 3,398 people lived there.

People already lived in the area around Steckborn in the 100s. There are also Roman ruins of walls and other buildings. Probably in the 800s, the village became part of the territory of the monastery of Reichenau. This is the period when it is first written about.



Frauenfeld

Frauenfeld is the capital city of the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland. It is also the capital city of the district of Frauenfeld.

The city is first written about in 1246. It grew up around the Frauenfeld castle on the land of the Reichenau convent.

In 1264, it became the property of the Habsburgs. In 1374, the Habsburgs bestowed the right of judgment for all of Thurgau (which then included St. Gallen) on the Duke of Frauenfeld.

Twice in the 1700s, Frauenfeld was partly destroyed by fire, in 1771 and in 1788.

The fall of the old Old Swiss Confederacy in 1798 as a result of the French invasion brought an end to the gatherings in Frauenfeld.

In 1919, the municipalities of Langdorf, Kurzdorf, Huben, Herten, and Horgenbach became part of Frauenfeld. In 1998, Gerlikon, Schönenhof, and Zelgli joined Frauenfeld.


Benito Jeronimo Feijoo

Benito Jerónimo Feijoo y Montenegro (8 October 1676 - 26 September 1764) was a Galician neoclassical monk and scholar noted for encouraging scientific thought in Galicia and Spain.

He was born in Casdemiro, and joined the Benedictines at the age of 12, and had taken classes in Galicia, León, and Salamanca. He later taught theology and philosophy at the university of Oviedo, and died at Oviedo. Padre Feijoo studied in Salamanca, Spain, at the University of Oviedo, earning a professorship in theology. Feijoo was a prominent essayist for the Spanish, and his critiques, letters, and plays helped change the steadfast beliefs of many during the 18th century.

His two famous multi-volume collection of essays, "Teatro critico universal" (1726-1739) and "Cartas eruditas y curiosas" cover a range of subjects, from education, law, and medicine, to superstitions and popular beliefs. 

Father Feijoo was a debunker of myths. He had great interest in natural science and many of his essays touch on topics related to this subject and to the many myths about creatures and lands that abounded at that time. One example of how far his naturalistic bent went can be found in a story told by Julio A. Feijoo, one of his descendents, born in Cuba in 1910. Father Feijoo believed that demonic possession was a psychological phenomenon. Once he was called upon to perform an exorcism, and in order to demonstrate that this phenomenon was more due to suggestibility than anything else, in performing a spurious exorcism on the "possessed" subject, he read from Bocaccio's famous bawdy work the "Decameron". Upon hearing the Latin lines, the "possessed" individual settled down and declared himself to be free of demonic influence.

Kreuzlingen

Kreuzlingen is a municipality in the district of Kreuzlingen in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland. It is the second largest city of the canton, after Frauenfeld, with a population of over 18,000. 

In 1874, the municipality of Egelshofen was renamed "Kreuzlingen". It reached the present size with the adding of Kurzrickenbach in 1927 and Emmishofen in 1928.

It is located on Lake Constance. It is halfway between Schaffhausen and Rorschach.

The name of the municipality stems from the Augustinian monastery "Crucelin", which was later renamed Kreuzlingen Abbey. It was built in 1125 by the Bishop of Constance, Ulrich I. In the Swabian War and the 30 Years' War after the siege of Constance by Swedish troops, Kreuzlingen Abbey was burned down by the people of Constance. The monks were blamed for having supported the enemy. In 1650, the monastery was rebuilt in its present location. Because of secularization in 1848, the buildings became a school. The chapel became a Catholic church

People already lived in the area during the Bronze Age. Celtic and Roman coins and artifacts show that people were settled in the area pre-writing. Kurzrickenbach is first mentioned as "Rihinbah" in 830, Egelshofen is mentioned as "Eigolteshoven" in 1125, and Emmishofen is mentioned as "Eminshoven" in 1159. The territory, except for the Augustinian monastery, belonged to the Bishop of Constance. 

Until the beginning of the 19th century, the centre of Kreuzlingen was still largely agricultural. The first steamboats began to operate on Lake Constance in 1824. The first train line to Romanshorn was finished in 1871, and the second to Etzwilen in 1875. This brought commerce and industry to the area. In 1874, Kreuzlingen became the capital of the district, instead of the previous capital, Gottlieben. However, until World War I, Kreuzlingen was a kind of suburb of Constance. Most of its profits went to German firms. The war made Kreuzlingen more independent.

The Sanatorium of Bellevue (1857-1980), which occupied part of the old monastery, played an important role in the history of Kreuzlingen. In 1842, a man called Ignaz Vanotti from Constance bought a large area of land and constructed a building to house the emigrant press of Bellevue in 1843, which had been in Römerburg. In 1857, Ludwig Binswanger, a psychiatrist from Münsterlingen bought the property and opened a private sanatorium. The clinic was very modern and stayed in the control of the Binswanger family for nearly 120 years. Important psychiatric discoveries, particularly under the founder's grandson's control, especially in the development of existential psychotherapy, were made at the sanatorium. However, few of its buildings remain.

Most of the people in Kreuzlingen made a living in the wine industry. However, because of diseases and bad harvests, the last wine grapes were raised in Kreuzlingen in 1938.

Today, the local economy is mostly shopping and handcraft, with the largest employer being a clothing maker.


Weinfelden

Weinfelden is a municipality in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland. It is the capital of the district of the same name.

In December 2004 it had about 9500 people. Since it is in the middle of the canton, part of the canton's government is in the town. The Thurgau cantonal bank is also there. The grand council of the canton meets in Weinfelden during the winter.

Already in the year 124 AD, there was a Roman bridge over the Thur at Weinfelden. The name "Weinfelden" is first documented in 838.

Weinfelden was by far the biggest town in the canton of Thurgau. In 1798, Paul Reinhart and his committee led the area to freedom from the domination of the "Eidgenossen". In 1803, Thurgau became an independent canton, through the mediation of Napoleon, with Frauenfeld as capital.

In 1830, Thomas Bornhauser spoke to a large crowd in Weinfelden, demanding a liberal constitution for the canton. It is one of the first (if not the first) such document.

Portraits of both Paul Reinhart and Thomas Bornhauser hang in the "Rathaus".


Bernardino de Sahagún

Bernardino de Sahagún (1499 – October 23 1590), was a Franciscan missionary to the Aztec (Nahua) people of Mexico, best known as the compiler of the "Florentine Codex," also known as "" ("General History of the Things of New Spain").

Bruise

A bruise, also called a contusion or an ecchymosis, is a visible bluish or purplish mark or patch appearing beneath the surface of the skin, resulting from blood that leaked out of the deeper layers of the tissues. Bruises are usually caused by a blow or pressure. In older people, bruises may also occur without a special reason.

Bruises often cause pain but are normally not dangerous. Sometimes bruises can be serious and lead to other more life-threatening forms of hematoma, or they can be associated with serious injuries such as fractures and internal bleeding. Minor bruises may be easily recognized, in people with light skin color, by their characteristic blue or purple appearance (idiomatically described as "black and blue") in the days following the injury.

Bruises change color over time. That is because the body is fixing the bruise by breaking down and reabsorbing the blood, which makes the bruise to go through many colors before it later disappears. The age of a bruise can be guessed by looking at its color.


Usually, a bruise takes about two weeks to fade away. Some people bruise easily, but others do not. This is because they may have more tough skin tissue, certain diseases or conditions, or they take certain kinds of medication.

Also, blood vessels tend to become fragile as people get older, which is why elderly people receive a bruise much more easily.

Applying cold when the bruise is discovered helps make it smaller, because it stops the blood that's flowing to the area. It also keeps the swelling down. It is best to apply ice to the bruise for half an hour to an hour at a time for a day or two after the bruise first appears. However, it is not advisable to place ice right on the skin. Putting some icecubes in a plastic bag and wrapping a towel around the bag is a better idea to stop the bruise from getting worse.

Another way to help heal the bruise is to put the bruised area above the level of the heart. This helps to slow the flow of the blood because more of the blood in the bruise will flow back toward the rest of the body instead of leaking out into the tissues. If this is not done, more blood will flow into the bruise and make it grow.

If the bruise causes pain, painkillers, such as NSAIDs may be used against the pain. Certain creams exist to help with bruises. These creams usually combine a substance that helps skin growth with one that acts against the pain. Gently massaging the area of the bruise may also help recovery, and stop the pain, according to the gate theory of pain. If the massage is painful, it will not help the healing process. As for most injuries, these techniques should not be applied until at least three days after the initial damage to ensure all internal bleeding has stopped. Increasing blood flow will allow more healing factors into the area and encourage drainage, but if the injury is still bleeding this will also allow more blood to seep out of the wound and cause the bruise to become worse. In most cases, hematomas spontaneously revert. In cases of large hematomas or those localized in certain organs (<nowiki>"e.g."</nowiki>, the brain), a physician may perform a puncture of the hematoma to allow the blood to exit.

Bruises that do not result from the application of force (blunt trauma) may be a symptom for other conditions: People with such bruises often have a problem with their blood. Platelet or coagulation disorders often lead to the increased bruising. Unexplained bruising may be a warning sign of child abuse, domestic abuse, or serious medical problems such as leukemia or meningoccocal infection. Unexplained bruising can also indicate internal bleeding or certain types of cancer.

During an autopsy, bruises accompanying abrasions indicate the abrasions occurred while the person was alive, as opposed to damage that occurred after death


Leopoldo Alas

Leopoldo Alas y Ureña (25 April 1851 – 13 May 1901), also known as Clarín, was a Spanish realist writer born in Zamora. He died in Oviedo on 13 May 1901.

Clarin lived in León and Guadalajara in his childhood, then he moved to Oviedo in 1865. There he studied "at" high school and he started his law career. He lived in Madrid from 1871 to 1878, where he started his career as a journalist and he graduated with the thesis "Law and Morality". He taught in Zaragoza from 1882 to 1883. In 1883 he returned to Oviedo to take up a position as teacher of Roman law.

His books include "La Regenta". It is a long work, similar to Flaubert's "Madame Bovary", one of the books that helped to inspire it. Other influences included Naturalism and "Kraussism", a philosophical trend which made cultural and moral change in Spain. He also wrote Nuevo viaje al Parnaso and La Literatura en 1881 (1882), working with Armando Palacio Valdes.

"La Regenta" is special for its great number of characters and other stories around the main story of the novel. The main character is shown in a way that is not very clear. The downfall of the provincial lady who is between two very different men who want to marry her: the most handsome man in the city, who is the winner in the end, and the cathedral's priest. The way the priest is shown is a very important part of the book.

For the description of the provincial setting and the city's collective life, Clarín used styles such as the internal monologue or the free indirect style, which makes the story be told by the characters, not the narrator.

In 1890, he published a new novel, "Su único hijo". Most critics do not think it is as good as "La Regenta". "Su único hijo" was originally meant to be the first of a series of three books, but these were not written. The only parts of them that exist are an outline and a few fragments of two of the novels. "Su único hijo" was Clarín's last long book.

Clarín also wrote some stories and some journalistic articles.

Clarin remains a rather unknown figure in the Spanish literary world. He searched for God and was Humanist at the same time. This strange mix has led to there being different views on the meaning of his writings. "La Regenta" in particular has many different views on what it could mean.



Pasiphaë (moon)

Pasiphaë is one of Jupiter's moons. It was found in 1908 by Philibert Jacques Melotte and was named after Pasiphaë from Greek mythology, the wife of Minos and mother of Minotaur.

Anthe (moon)

Anthe is a very small moon of Saturn between the orbits of Mimas and Enceladus. It is also known as Saturn XLIX and its designation was S/2007 S 4. It is named after one of the Alkyonides; the name means "flowery".

It was found by the Cassini Imaging Team in images taken on May 30, 2007. Once the find was made, a search of older Cassini images showed this small moon in observations from as far back as June 2004. It was first announced on July 18, 2007.

Kiviuq (moon)

Kiviuq is a non-spherical moon of Saturn. It was found by Brett J. Gladman in 2000, and given the designation S/2000 S 5.

It was named in 2003 after a "giant" of Inuit mythology. Kiviuq (also spelled Keeveeok, Qiviuq or Kivioq) is a legendary and heroic Inuk, a sort of Inuit Odysseus. He has lived very long (or has had several lives), has wandered and journeyed, living all sorts of adventures whose details depend on the story-teller's local tradition.

Kiviuq is about 16 kilometres in diameter, and orbits Saturn at an average distance of 11.1 million kilometers in 450 days. It is a member of the Inuit group of non-spherical moons.

Kiviuq displays "light-red" colours and the infrared spectrum very similar to Siarnaq and Paaliaq, further supporting the thesis of a possible common origin of the Inuit group in the break-up of a bigger body.


Manchukuo

Manchukuo was a puppet state of the Empire of Japan in China and Inner Mongolia from 1932 until 1945. It was first a republic, but in 1934 it became a constitutional monarchy. It had little international recognition and was under the "de facto" control of Japan. Japan also took Inner Mongolia in 1936 and renamed it Mengjiang in 1936.

Manchuria was the place of the Manchus, including the kings of the Qing dynasty. In 1931, Japan occupied Manchuria after the Mukden Incident. A pro-Japanese government was created one year later with Puyi, the last Qing emperor, as the nominal regent and later emperor. Manchukuo's government was removed in 1945 at the end of World War II. The Soviet Union invaded in August 1945, and formally transferred the territory to Chinese administration in the following year. 

Although the territories came under the jurisdiction of the Nationalist government, the brief Soviet occupation helped make the region a base for the Chinese Communist troops led by Mao Zedong. The People's Liberation Army got Japanese equipment and a strategic advantage against the National Revolutionary Army led by Chiang Kai-shek.

Manchus were a minority in Manchukuo: the largest ethnic group were Han Chinese. The number of Koreans increased during the Manchukuo period, and there were also Japanese, Mongols, White Army Russians and other minorities. The southern part of the Liaodong Peninsula was ruled by Japan as the Kwantung Leased Territory. 

Manchukuo had a Japanese death camp called Unit 731 where up to half a million died from medical experiments and other causes. This is similar to the Nazi concentration camp Auschwitz in Nazi-occupied Poland. 

In August 1945 Stalin invaded Manchukuo as well as Mengjiang and North Korea. America got South Korea, so the two large countries split Korea in half. Stalin controlled Manchuria until 1946. In the same year, 1946, Stalin helped Mao Zedong in the Second Chinese Civil War (19461949).

Manchukuo means Manchuria in Japanese 満州国 ; manchukoku . The Mongolians called it (Mongolian : Манеж-Го : Manjugo) the Russians called it (Russian : Маньчжоу-Го : Man’chzhou-Go) the Chinese called it (Chinese : 满洲国 : mǎnzhōuguó) the Koreans called it (Korean : 만주국 : Manjugug).

Ijiraq (moon)

Ijiraq is a non-spherical moon of Saturn. It was found by the team of
Brett Gladman, John J. Kavelaars, "et al." in 2000, and given the designation .

Ijiraq orbits Saturn at an average distance of 11,100,000 km in 451 days on an orbit very similar to Kiviuq's. The diagram illustrates its orbit in relation to other non-spherical moons of Saturn. The eccentricity of the orbits is represented by the yellow segments extending from the pericentre to the apocentre.

While Ijiraq is a member of the Inuit group non-spherical moons, recent observations revealed that Ijiraq is redder than Paaliaq, Siarnaq and Kiviuq.

Kavelaars, an astronomer at McMaster University, suggested this name to help astronomical nomenclature to get out of its Greco-Romano-Renaissance rut. He spent several months trying to find names that were both multi-cultural and Canadian, consulting Amerindian scholars without finding a name that seemed good. In March 2001, he was reading an Inuit story to his children and had a revelation. The ijiraq plays at hide-and-seek, which is what these small moons of Saturn do: they are hard to find, and cold like the Canadian Arctic (the team of discoverers includes Canadians, Norwegians and Icelandic's—Nordicity is their common trait). Kavelaars contacted the author of the tale, Michael Kusugak, to get his assent, and the latter also suggested the names for Kiviuq and 90377 Sedna.


Armenian genocide denial

Denial of the Armenian Genocide is the belief that the Armenian Genocide did not happen or that what happened was not genocide.

From 1915-1923, the Ottoman Empire (which later became the Republic of Turkey), tried to remove many Armenian people from the Empire. Between 800,000 and 1,800,000 Armenians were killed. Also many Armenians had to leave their homes (this is called relocation or displacement).

People who deny the Armenian Genocide say that these things never happened or that it was not that serious. They also say that the Ottoman government never centrally organised genocide against the Armenian people. For example, the Republic of Turkey, and Azerbaijan do not believe at all that the Ottoman government tried to remove and kill the Armenian people in the Empire.

The Armenian Genocide happened in 1915-1916, but since 1789, Turkey has denied many acts of violence towards the Armenian people. Fatma Gocek, who studies the Armenian genocide, believes that because Turkey has denied violence towards Armenians since 1789, Turkey was more likely to deny the Armenian genocide.

Since the Armenian Genocide happened, the main claim of denial used by the Ottoman Empire (later the republic of Turkey) has remained the same.The Ottoman Empire believes that the genocide never happened, that Turkey is not responsible for the genocide and that “Genocide” is too strong of a word to use to describe what happened.

The leaders of the Ottoman Empire thought they could not say the Armenian Genocide was real. This was because most of the countries the Ottoman Empire was allied with had mainly Christian people. Armenians were also Christian, and if the Ottoman Empire’s allies found out the Ottoman Empire used violence against other Christians, the allies would have been upset. The leaders of the Ottoman Empire instead tried to say Armenians were a national security (making sure a country is safe) threat as the reason why the deportations happened.

During the time the genocide was happening, Enver Pasha, told Ambassador Morgenthau (the American Ambassador to the Ottoman Empire) that Armenians were separatists (wanting to create their own country on Ottoman Land), traitors (people who betray their country) and violent towards Ottoman soldiers and that was why the Ottoman government had to displace them. This was untrue, Armenians were only violent after the genocide had started.

After World War 1, Talat Pasha (another leader of the Armenian Genocide and the Ottoman Empire), followed Enver’s strategy to minimize the Armenian Genocide. 


The Armenians did not participate in violence against the government until after the genocide had started. The violence the Armenians participated in was for their self-defense.

After World War 1, the Ottoman Empire tried to prove they were not responsible for the genocide by trying to place the blame on other groups. The Ottoman Empire blamed corrupt officials, Kurds, and criminals for the events of the genocide.

Mustafa Kemal Ataturk was the founder of Turkey, and still holds a very important role in how Turkish people see themselves. Ataturk originally supported justice for people responsible for the genocide. He said the genocide was 


In 1920 the Treaty of Sevres was signed. This would have resulted in a loss of land and loss of sovereignty (the ability for a country to govern itself independently) for Turkey. In 1921 Greece invaded Turkey. In two ways Turkey’s territory and sovereignty were threatened. Because of this, Ataturk changed his opinion on the Armenian Genocide so he could bring Turks together. Ataturk denied the Armenian Genocide to promote nationalism and unity against the two major threats (The Treaty of Sevres and the Greek invasion). 

Later, Turkey began a campaign claiming that people who survived the genocide were lying. Turkey also said that foreigners who said the Armenian Genocide happened were part of a group conspiring against Turkey (trying to cause harm to Turkey). Also, Turkey said any documents proving the Armenian Genocide happened were fake. 

Today, denial of the Armenian Genocide is a large part of Turkish nationalism and how Turks define themselves. If a Turk agreed that the Armenian Genocide was real, this would go against how Turks see their country. This would cause problems with self and national-identity.

Many people in Turkey still do not believe the Armenian Genocide happened. This is because of five reasons. Firstly, there were laws which said that people who publicly said they believe the Armenian Genocide is real could go to jail. Secondly, people who believe in the Armenian Genocide are seen as traitors. This creates a lot of social pressure to continue denial. Thirdly, many Turkish people do not learn about Armenian history. Fourthly, many Turkish and Kurdish people gained property and wealth because the genocide. When Armenian people were removed from their homes, their homes and belongings were divided between other people. Fifthly, Turkish people were affected by social amnesia (a group of people start to forget their past because other people remove evidence of the truth).

In 1990, psychologist Robert Jay Lifton got a letter from the Turkish Ambassador to the United States. In the letter, the Ambassador asked Lifton how he could have talked about the Armenian Genocide in one of his books (because the Ambassador believed the Genocide never happened). By mistake, the Ambassador also included a draft of a letter written by scholar Heath Lowry, which told him how to keep the Armenian Genocide from being talked about in books. Lowry was later named to a chair (an important position) at Princeton University. Princeton had been given a $750,000 grant from the Republic of Turkey. This led to many arguments about ethics in scholarship.

Open University of Israel scholar Yair Auron has talked about the different ways the Turkish government has tried to make it seem like the Armenian Genocide never happened:
→ Auron is saying that since the 1980s, the Turkish government has given money to some good universities to create "institutes" that should study Turkish history and culture more in details. However, these institutes helped to deny the Genocide and the events of it even more.

University of California, Los Angeles scholar Leo Kuper, in a review on Ervin Staub's "The Roots of Evil: The Origins of Genocide and Other Group Violence" research, writes:
→ Kuper is saying that the Turkish government keeps saying the Genocide never happened. But in courts-martial after World War I, the Turkish government admitted that it organized, planned, and committed the genocide of Armenians.

In the aftermath of the Armenian Genocide, the newly founded Republic of Turkey created an organization that investigated how many Armenians had died between 1915 and 1918. It was discovered that 800.000 people had died during this time, though many historians believe the death toll is much higher. The founder of modern Turkey, Mustafa Kemal Atatürk, admitted to the killing of Armenians more than once after the First World War, and many within his movement agreed accountability was needed. This changed in the following years, when it was discovered that many of Turkey's founders were involved in the genocide. Since these men were celebrated as heroes during the First World War, their crimes were not recognized by Turkey.

Turkey continues to deny that the killings of Armenian people in the Ottoman Empire was a genocide. While there is no specific law in Turkey today that forbids people from talking about the genocide, there have been many cases of Turkey using the law to stop education on the Armenian Genocide. Scholars of history have named several reasons as to why Turkey still continues to deny that the Armenian Genocide happened. For example, many Turkish policymakers have expressed that admitting to the genocide would result in Armenia calling for reparations, or even demand back the territories they lost in World War I.

Some countries, for example, Switzerland, have laws that punish people who deny genocides or crimes against humanity. A Turkish politician Dogu Perinçek was found guilty by this Swiss law in March 2007 because he said that the Armenian genocide is “a great international lie.” He did not agree with the court`s decision, and he said that the decision went against his freedom of speech (the right to express ones opinion without legal intervention). He went against the court`s decision, and his law case went to the European Court of Human Rights. The court decided that Dogu Perinçek is not guilty and that this law is against the freedom of expression.

There are some countries which do not formally recognize the genocide, and are neutral about the recognition or the denial. These countries include Israel and the United Kingdom. 

In the June 6, 2005 edition of the TIME Europe magazine, the Ankara Chamber of Commerce (a group of business people and corporations interested in business matters) paid for tourism advertisements. These advertisements included DVDs accusing Armenian people of killing Turkish people. Time Europe later apologized for sharing the DVD and published a letter saying the DVDs were wrong. The February 12, 2007 edition of TIME Europe had a page that said that the Armenian Genocide did really happen. It also included a DVD of a documentary by French director Laurence Jourdan about the Genocide. 

In 2014, Armenian-American singer-songwriter Serj Tankian wrote a letter addressed to the "People of Turkey" in which he posed the question "Must I fight propoganda and corruption internationally to regain justice?" In it he talks about how the Denial of the Armenian Genocide has impacted him, and how he feels Turkey could do better moving forward. 

The 24th of April is the Armenian Genocide Remembrance Day. In 2015, exactly 100 years after the genocide, lots of seminars, workshops, and events were organized in the capital city of Armenia, Yerevan. Presidents, politicians and important people from all around the world were invited, and the Turkish President Recip Tayyip Erdogan as well. Erdogan answered back with an invitation for a celebration of the battle of Gallipoli. For the first time, the celebration of this battle was on the same day as the Armenian Genocide Remembrance Day. This decision might have been a trick to turn international attention away from the Armenian Genocide. Armenian president at that time, Armen Sargystan, said in his answer to Erdogan`s invitation that “it is not our rule to be hosted by guests.”

On this day, there were protests all around the world. For example, in Tehran, around 1,000 people protested in front of the Turkish embassy. Even in Istanbul around 100 people called for the recognition of the Armenian genocide.


On 22 April 1981 American President Ronald Reagan talked about the Armenian Genocide in reference to a speech he made about the Holocaust, saying "Like the genocide of the Armenians before it ... the lessons of the Holocaust must never be forgotten". 

In 2021 President Joe Biden said that the killing of the Armenians in the Ottoman Empire was a genocide. This was the first time when an American president formally and publicly recognised this event as a genocide. This decision made relationships between USA and Turkey more complicated but was important for Armenians living in the United States. 



Paaliaq (moon)

Paaliaq is a non-spherical moon of Saturn. It was found by Brett J. Gladman, John J. Kavelaars, Jean-Marc Petit, Hans Scholl, Matthew J. Holman, Brian G. Marsden,
Philip D. Nicholson and Joseph A. Burns in early October 2000, and given the designation S/2000 S 2. It was named in August 2003 after a fictional shaman in the book "The Curse of the Shaman," written by Michael Kusugak, who supplied Kavelaars with the names of giants from Inuit mythology that were used for other Saturnian moons. 

Paaliaq is thought to be about 22 kilometres in diameter, and orbits Saturn at an average distance of 15,200,000 km in 687 days. It is a member of the Inuit group of non-spherical moons.

Together with Kiviuq and Siarnaq, Paaliaq has "light-red" colours, further supporting that the Inuit group might have been formed when a bigger body broken up.


Hebrew Bible

The Hebrew Bible, which is also called the Tanakh is the Biblical canon of Hebrew scriptures, including the Torah, Nevi'im and Ketuvim. These texts are almost exclusively in Hebrew, with a few passages in Aramaic.

It means the same as the Jewish Tanakh and the Protestant Old Testament, but does not include the deuterocanonical portions of the Roman Catholic Old Testament and is meant for the text only, not for naming, numbering or ordering of books (what both Tanakh and Old Testament do).

"Hebrew Bible" is a term that refers to the common portions of the Jewish canon and the Christian canons. In its Latin form, "Biblia Hebraica", it is used as a title for printed editions of the masoretic text.

The "Tawrat" () is the Arabic name for the Torah within its context as an Islamic holy book believed by Muslims to be given by God (Allah) to prophets and messengers amongst the Children of Israel, and often refers to the entire Hebrew Bible.

On the one hand, the term "Hebrew Bible" is not often used among adherents of either Judaism or Christianity. On the other hand, it is widely used in academic writing and interfaith discussion.



Skathi (moon)

Skathi or Saturn XXVII, is a moon of Saturn. It was found by Brett Gladman, Kavelaars, et al. in 2000, and given the designation S/2000 S 8.

Skathi is about 6.4 kilometres in diameter, and orbits Saturn at an average distance of 15,576,000 km in 725.784 days, at an inclination of 149° to the ecliptic (150° to Saturn's equator) with an eccentricity of 0.246.

Skathi may have been formed from debris knocked off of Phoebe by big impacts at some point in the solar system's history.

Its name comes from Norse mythology, where Skaði is a giantess (female giant) who is the wife of the Vanir god Njord.

Targum

A targum (, plural: "targumim") is an Aramaic translation of the Hebrew Bible (Tanakh) that was written or compiled in Palestine or in Babylonia from the Second Temple period until the early Middle Ages (late first millennium). 

Targum also means translation or interpretation. In Arabic Targem (verb) means to translate or interpret. (Mutargem = Translator/Interpreter).


Adam Gilchrist

Adam Craig Gilchrist (born 14 November 1971 in Bellingen, New South Wales) is a former Australian cricketer. He was a wicket keeper and a left handed batsman. In his test career, Gilchrist hit 100 sixes, something nobody else in history has done. He holds the record of the second fastest century maker in history.

Department store

A department store is a store that sells many different products. It does not sell the products of only one company, as some other stores do. In a department store a person can usually buy clothing, furniture, electronics, and sometimes paint, hardware, toiletries, cosmetics, photographic equipment, jewellery, toys, and Sports equipment. Department stores are often upmarket places. 

Some department stores sell products cheaper than other stores. They are then called discount department stores.

The Princess Diaries 2: Royal Engagement

The Princess Diaries 2: Royal Engagement is a 2004 Disney movie based on the Princess Diaries book series by Meg Cabot. It is a sequel to the 2001 movie "The Princess Diaries". The movie is a romantic comedy movie about 21-year-old Amelia Mignonette Thermopolis Renaldi, Princess of Genovia, (Mia Thermopolis for short). The movie stars Anne Hathaway, Tobey Maguire, Julie Andrews, Heather Matarazzo, James Franco, Hector Elizondo and Raven. It was directed by Garry Marshall.

Five years after the first film, Mia has just graduated from Princeton University's Woodrow Wilson School and are returning to Genovia with the bodyguard, Joe. There she must wait for her grandmother, Queen Clarisse, to abdicate. During Mia's twenty first birthday party, she dances with all the eligible bachelors in hope of finding a husband. She becomes attracted to a handsome gentleman named Nicholas. During the course of the night, Mia's tiara falls off and is caught by a Member of Parliament, Viscount Mabrey, who secretly plans to steal Mia's crown. While the Parliament is in-session the next morning, Mia finds a hidden room that allows her to secretly listen in. Viscount Mabrey reveals his nephew, Lord Devereaux, is another heir to the Genovian throne. Despite Queen Clarisse's objection, the only way Mia can become Queen is if she marries within the month. Clarisse invites Lord Devereaux to stay at the palace, while Mia is shocked to discover Lord Devereaux is actually Nicholas. Mia and Peter's best friends, Lilly Moscovitz and Harry, surprise them by visiting. Together, they pick through potential husbands. Mia eventually chooses Andrew Jacoby, Duke of Kenilworth, and days later, they are engaged. Mabrey plans to have Nicholas woo Mia and dissolve the engagement.

For a ceremony, Mia is to ride sidesaddle, but is inexperienced. Queen Clarisse provides an ancestral wooden leg decoy to make it look like she's riding sidesaddle. Mabrey spooks Mia's horse with a rubber snake, and Joe rushes to help Mia, but accidentally tears off the wooden leg. Humiliated, Mia flees to the stables, where Nicholas fails to comfort her. At a garden party, Mia and Nicholas quarrel about Mia's relationship with Andrew; Nicholas tricks Mia into admitting she doesn't love Andrew. Frustrated, she argues, but instead gets bombarded by a kiss. At first, she kisses him back but then backs away. Nicholas pursues her even more, which causes both of them to fall into a fountain. Queen Clarisse finally tells Mia that her behavior with Nicholas needs to stop.

During the Genovian Independence Day parade, Mia and Peter see some boys harassing a little girl and a little boy. They stop the parade to comfort the girl and boy. Learning that the girl, Carolina, the boy Henry, and the other children are orphans, Mia and Peter have a vendor give them all tiaras and crowns and let them walk with them in the parade. Everyone is impressed by their acts of generosity, while Mabrey sees it as a political trick. Mia and Peter later decide to turn one of the royal palaces into a temporary children's center. That night, Mia and Peter have their bachelor and bachelorette party, inviting princes and princesses from around the world, Peter invites some special guests to the party and Mia's wedding. Mabrey realises Nicholas has fallen for Mia, but Nicholas says that Mia will never love him. Nicholas comes upon Mia as she is practicing her archery as part of her coronation rites. He helps her succeed in getting the arrow to hit the bullseye, something she had been struggling with. Nicholas then informs Mia that he is leaving, but asks to see her just one more time before he goes. She declines, saying she is under close guard.

That night, Nicholas appears outside Mia's window and asks her to come out. Lilly, Peter and Harry encourage her to go, and Mia sneaks out. Lilly and Peter have sex while Mia and Nicholas ride out to a lake where they share secrets, dance, and eventually fall asleep. They wake up to find a man in a boat videotaping them. Mia thinks Nicholas set her up, while he insists he had no idea. By the time Mia returns to the palace, the scandalous footage is already being broadcast. Andrew is disappointed and kisses Mia to see if there is a romantic spark between them. They realise that they do not love each other, but do not call off the wedding for the good of Genovia. The wedding is to take place the following day, and Mia and Peter's mother, Helen comes with her new husband, Patrick and their newborn son, Trevor. Nicholas decides against attending, but his surly housekeeper, Gretchen, tells him that Mabrey engineered their televised scandal.

Before the wedding, Joe informs Mia and Peter that Nicholas is innocent. While walking up the aisle Mia suddenly stops and charges out of the church. Queen Clarisse and Peter follow and Mia says she doesn't want to marry because of the law. Clarisse encourages Mia and Peter to follow their hearts, something they have never done and has now cost her Joe, the only man she truly loved. Mia and Peter re-enter the church, and after pointing out how their grandmother has ruled Genovia while unmarried for a number of years, she tells the members of parliament in the audience to consider the significant women in their lives. She asks if they would have them do what they're trying to force her to do (marry someone she does not love). Mabrey cites the law again and once again suggests that his nephew be named King, but Nicholas not only refuses the crown, but also disowns Mabrey as his uncle. Mia and Peter propose the law on royal marriages be abolished, and the Parliament unanimously gives its assent. Encouraged by Mia and Peter to have their own happy ending, Clarisse proposes to Joe and they are promptly married.

About a week later, Mia and Peter are preparing for their coronation when Nicholas arrives with Peter's girlfriend Mary Jane (M.J. for short) at the palace. He professes his love for Mia on bended knee, and they share a private loving kiss, while Peter and Mary Jane kiss. The next day, Queen Clarisse finally steps down, and Mia and Peter are crowned "Their Majesties Amelia Mignonette Thermopolis Renaldi and Peter James Themopolis Renaldi, King and Queen of Genovia", with all in attendance in the royal palace.

An epilogue shows that Genovian Parliament now allows female members, one of whom is Charlotte (Clarisse's lady-in-waiting). In a final scene, Queen Mia and King Peter (along with The Wiggles) officially open a new children's home with the help of Carolina and Henry.


Bughouse chess

Bughouse chess (also known as transfer chess or exchanged chess) is a version of the game chess. It is played by four people in two teams. Each team has two players. Teammates sit next to each other, and use opposite colored pieces. (This means that one player on a team will have white pieces and the other will have black pieces.) The game is played on two chess boards. Two chess clocks can also be used. Two games of chess are played in at the same time. If a player one game captures a piece, following the regular rules of chess, they give that piece to their partner to use in the other game. The partner can put the piece on the board instead of making a normal move. Pawns can not be placed in the first or last row but other pieces can be placed in any empty space. 

If one player wins, that team wins the match.

The game is usually played with a clock, which is often set from as short as one minute (usually when played online) to five minutes or longer. If a player runs out of time, that player's team loses.

There are many variations in how to play bughouse; most of these variations have to do with pawns.

Harry Kewell

Harry Kewell (born 22 September 1978 in Sydney) is a former Australian football player. He has played for the Australia men's national soccer team.

He used to play for Leeds United in the Championship and then Galatasaray in the Süper Lig. His junior club was Marconi Stallions. He played as a midfielder, a striker or a wing.

Harry Kewell started playing for Liverpool in 2003 before that he played for Leeds United. He was offered more money at other clubs such as Arsenal, Chelsea, Milan, Manchester United, Barcelona, Juventus and Real Madrid but eventually he chose to play at Liverpool. And Now Galatasaray

Maiasaura

Maiasaura was a large, plant-eating, duck-billed dinosaur. "Maiasaura" was the first dinosaur which was found alongside its young, eggs, and nests. This suggests that "Maiasaura" nurtured its young.

"Maiasaura" lived about 80 to 65 million years ago in the Upper Cretaceous period. It ate plants, leaves and berries. Its name "Maiasaura" means “Good Mother Lizard”. The name refers to the find of nests with eggs, embryos and young animals, in a nesting colony. These showed that Maiasaura fed its young while they were in the nest. It was the first time such evidence was got for a dinosaur. 

Fully grown "Maiasaura" measured about 9 metres long, 2-2.5 metres tall and weighed around 1800 kg.

"Maiasaursa" fossils have been found in Montana, United States, and Alberta, Canada.

Bait

Bait is something used to attract prey. People have used it for thousands of years. Fishermen use bait to catch fish. There are many different types of bait depending on the kind of animal. Frequently the bait is cast using a fishing rod and reel. For a shark, adult squid is often used. When trying to get a salmon, crab is commonly used. Some fishermen use plastic bait. Recently, fishermen have been using electronic lures. Bait can be used to catch most animals. 

Dennis Kucinich

Dennis John Kucinich (born October 8, 1946) is a United States Representative from Ohio. He was a hopeful for President of the United States in 2008. He is a Democrat. Kucinich was raised in Cleveland, and was elected Mayor of the city in 1977. His tenure as mayor was a hard one, and he lost reelection to Republican challenger George Voinovich in 1979. Kucinich got back into politics in the 1990s, and became a member of the United States House of Representatives in the 1994 elections. A political progressive, he ran for president twice in 2004 and 2008.

In December 2020, Kucinich filled paperwork to run for Mayor of Cleveland in the 2021 election.

Tusk

Tusks are very long teeth that some animals have. Tusks are made of ivory. Ivory is very rare and expensive. Many elephants are killed for their tusks. One third of a tusk is in the elephant’s head.


Bill Richardson

William Blaine "Bill" Richardson III (November 15, 1947 – September 1, 2023) was an American politician. He was the Governor of the United States state of New Mexico from 2003 until 2011. He was a candidate for President of the United States in the 2008 election. He was U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations and Energy Secretary in the Clinton administration. He was a Democrat.

Richardson died at his summer home in Chatham, Massachusetts, on September 1, 2023, at the age of 75.

Mike Huckabee

Michael Dale "Mike" Huckabee (born August 24, 1955) is a former governor of the U.S. state of Arkansas. He was governor from 1996 to 2007. He is a Republican. He is also a Southern Baptist minister. He wanted to be President of the United States in the 2008 election, but did not get picked by his party.

Huckabee was born in Hope, Arkansas. His parents were Mae Elder and Dorsey Huckabee. Several of his ancestors were slave owners in Georgia and Arkansas. He studied at Ouachita Baptist University and at Southwestern Baptist Theological Seminary.

In 1996, incumbent Democratic governor Jim Guy Tucker was convicted of fraud. Within a few hours, Tucker reinstated his resignation after Huckabee threatened to initiate impeachment proceedings against Tucker. Huckabee was sworn in as Governor of Arkansas on July 15, 1996.

In November 1998, Huckabee was elected to a full four-year term by defeating retired Colonel Gene McVay in the primary and Jonesboro attorney Bill Bristow in the general election, becoming the state's third elected Republican Governor since Reconstruction.

In November 2002, Huckabee was reelected to his second four-year term by defeating State Treasurer Jimmie Lou Fisher, garnering 53 percent of the vote. His reelection came despite the defeat in the general election of fellow Republican U.S. Senator Tim Hutchinson. By the end of his term, Huckabee held the third-longest tenure of any Arkansas Governor. Only Democrats Orval Faubus, who served six consecutive two-year terms (1955–1967), and Bill Clinton, who served 11 years, 11 months (1979–1981; 1983–1992), had longer tenures.

During his time as a governor Huckabee raised taxes 21 times for a net tax increase of $505 million.

Huckabee announced his run for the White House on "Meet the Press" on January 28, 2007. He lost the Republican primaries to John McCain.

On May 5, 2015, Huckabee announced that he would seek the 2016 Republican nomination for President of the United States. It was his second run for the U.S. presidency. Huckabee made the announcement in his hometown, Hope, Arkansas. He suspended his campaign on February 1, 2016.

After 2008, he began hosting a news talk show on the Fox News television channel. The show, called "Huckabee", ran until 2015 when Huckabee retired. He has also written several books, many of which have been best sellers.

In his spare time, Huckabee plays guitar in a band. On his television show he has played guitar with a number of famous artists, including Willie Nelson, Def Leppard, and Ted Nugent.

Huckabee married Janet Huckabee in 1974. They have four children - John, Mark, David, and Sarah. Sarah was the White House Press Secretary under the Donald Trump administration.


Rudy Giuliani

Rudolph William Louis "Rudy" Giuliani (born May 28, 1944) is a politician from New York in the United States. He is a Republican and campaigned to become President of the United States in 2008. Giuliani was mayor of New York City from January 1, 1994 to December 31, 2001. Giuliani became more well known during and after the September 11, 2001 attacks on the World Trade Center. In 2001, "Time" magazine named him "Person of the Year" and he received an honorary knighthood from Queen Elizabeth II in 2002, and acclaimed as one of the greatest mayors in American history.

Rudy was campaigning in 1993 with the show "Seinfeld" where he appeared as the NYC Mayor candidate as the "over count" cholesterol man by eating too much yogurt. This "product placement" of Mayor Giuliani is often referred to as an excellent example of electioneering and boosted his popularity accordingly.

On January 12, 2017, President-elect Donald Trump named Giuliani his Cyber Security Adviser. Giuliani was also an important person in the Trump–Ukraine scandal, where he was accused of being one of the people who asked the Ukrainian government to investigate Joe Biden.


Albiorix (moon)

Albiorix is a non-spherical moon of Saturn. It was found by Holman, et al. in 2000, and given the designation S/2000 S 11.

Albiorix is the biggest member of the Gallic group of non-spherical moons.

It was named in August 2003 from one of the Celtic names for the god of tribal unity, better known as Toutatis.

Albiorix orbits Saturn at a distance of about 16,000,000 km and its diameter is estimated at 32 kilometers, assuming an albedo of 0.04. A day on Albiorix is 13 hours and 19 minutes long. 

The diagram illustrates its orbit in relation to other prograde non-spherical moons of Saturn. The eccentricity of the orbits is represented by the yellow segments extending from the pericentre to the apocentre. 

Different colours seen recently suggest a possibility of a big crater, suggesting that Erriapo and Tarvos could be pieces of Albiorix following a near break-up collision with another body.


S/2007 S 2

S/2007 S 2 is an unnamed moon of Saturn. Its discovery was announced by Scott S. Sheppard, David C. Jewitt, Jan Kleyna, and Brian G. Marsden on May 1, 2007, from observations taken between January 18 and April 19, 2007. Telescope used is the Subaru 8.3-m optical infrared telescope at Mauna Kea.

S/2007 S2 is theorized to have a mean radius of 1.9 miles, assuming an albedo of 0.04. It is 6 kilometres in diameter and orbits Saturn at an eccentricity of about 0.218 and an inclination of about 176.68° at a mean distance of 10.4 million miles (average distance of 16,560,00 million kilometres) from Saturn. The satellite was first thought to be orbiting for about 793 Earth days from its first discovery. The satellite takes about 808 Earth days to complete one orbit.

Like Saturn's other irregular moons, S/2007 S2 is thought to be an object that was captured by Saturn's gravity, rather than having accreted from the dusty disk that surrounded the newly formed planet as the regular satellites are thought to have done.


Bebhionn (moon)

Bebhionn or Saturn XXXVII (provisional designation S/2004 S 11) is a moon of Saturn. Its discovery was announced by Scott S. Sheppard, David C. Jewitt, Jan Kleyna, and Brian G. Marsden on May 4, 2005, from observations taken between December 12, 2004, and March 9, 2005.

Bebhionn is about 6 kilometres in diameter, and orbits Saturn at an average distance of 16,898,000 km in 820.130 days, at an inclination of 41° to the ecliptic (18° to Saturn's equator), and with an eccentricity of 0.333.

It was named in April 2007 after Bébinn, an early Irish mythology goddess of birth, renowned for her beauty.


Erriapus (moon)

Erriapus or Saturn XXVIII, is non-spherical moon of Saturn. It was found by Brett Gladman, John J. Kavelaars, et al. in 2000, and given the designation S/2000 S 10. It was named in August 2003 after Erriapo, a giant in Gaulish mythology. Later, the spelling was corrected to "Erriapus".

Erriapus is about 10 kilometres in diameter, and orbits Saturn at an average distance of 17,300,000 km in 871 days.

Erriapus is a member of the Gallic group of non-spherical, sharing a similar orbit and displaying a similar "light-red" colour, Erriapus is thought to have been formed in a break-up of a bigger body.


Skoll (moon)

Skoll or Saturn XLVII (provisional designation S/2006 S 8) is non-spherical moon of Saturn. Its discovery was announced by Scott S. Sheppard, David C. Jewitt and Jan Kleyna on June 26, 2006, from observations taken between January 5 and April 30, 2006.

Skoll is about 6 kilometres in diameter (assuming an albedo of 0.04), and orbits Saturn at an average distance of 17,600,000 km in 869 days, following a highly eccentric and inclined orbit.

It was named in April 2007 after Sköll, a giant wolf from Norse mythology, son of Fenrisulfr and twin brother of Hati.


Siarnaq (moon)

Siarnaq or Saturn XXIX, is a non-spherical moon of Saturn. It was found by Brett J. Gladman, et al. in 2000 and given the designation S/2000 S 3.

It was named in August 2003 after the giant Siarnaq (also known as Sedna) in Inuit mythology, it is the biggest member of the Inuit group of non-spherical moons.
Siarnaq is thought to be about 40 kilometres in diameter and orbits Saturn at an average distance of 17,500,000 km in 895 days.

The diagram illustrates its orbit in relation to other prograde non-spherical moons of Saturn. The eccentricity of the orbits is represented by the yellow segments extending from the pericentre to the apocentre.

Siarnaq has light-red colours very similar to Paaliaq and Kiviuq, supporting that the moons formed during a break up of a bigger body.


Tarqeq (moon)

Tarqeq or Saturn LII (provisional designation S/2007 S 1) is a moon of Saturn. Its discovery was announced by Scott S. Sheppard, David C. Jewitt, Jan Kleyna, and Brian G. Marsden on April 13, 2007, from observations taken between January 5, 2006 and March 22, 2007.

The semi-major axis of Tarqeq is 17,910,000 km and it orbits Saturn in 894.86 days. The orbit is at an inclination of 49.90° (to the ecliptic; 49.77°to Saturn's equator), with an eccentricity of 0.1081. The diameter of the moon is 7 km. It is a member of the Inuit group of non-spherical moons.

Tarqeq is named after Tarqeq, the Inuit moon god.

Brunswick, Georgia

Brunswick is a city in the U.S. state of Georgia and the county seat of Glynn County. In 2020, the city had an population of 15,210 and a metropolitan population of 113,495. Brunswick is the principal city of the "Brunswick, GA Metropolitan Statistical Area", which is often called "Metropolitan Brunswick".


Cocoa Beach, Florida

Cocoa Beach is a city in Brevard County, Florida, United States. The population was 11,354 at the 2020 census.


Santee River

The Santee River is a river of South Carolina in the United States, 143 mi (230 km long). The Santee and its tributaries give the main drainage and navigation for the central coastal plain of South Carolina, emptying into the Atlantic Ocean about 440 mi (710 km) from its farthest headwater on the Catawba River in North Carolina. Much of the upper river is in the expansive horn-shaped Lake Marion reservoir. The reservoir is made by the 8 mi (13 km) long Santee Dam. The dam was built during the 1930s as a WPA project to give a major source of hydroelectric power for the state.


Federal Emergency Management Agency

The Federal Emergency Management Agency, or FEMA, is an agency of the United States Department of Homeland Security. The purpose of FEMA (begun by Presidential Order on March 30, 1979)

is to coordinate the response to a disaster which has occurred in the United States and which overwhelms the resources of local and state authorities. The governor of the state in which the disaster occurred must declare a state of emergency and formally request from the President that FEMA and the federal government respond to the disaster. The only exception is when an emergency or disaster occurs on federal property or to a federal asset, for example, the Alfred P. Murrah Federal Building in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, in the 1995 bombing, or the Space Shuttle Columbia in the 2003 return-flight disaster.


Tropical Depression Ten (2005)

Tropical Depression Ten was the tenth tropical cyclone of the 2005 Atlantic hurricane season. The depression formed on August 13 from a tropical wave that entered the Atlantic Ocean on August 8. Because of strong wind shear, the depression stayed weak and did not strengthen much. The cyclone itself had no effect on land and did not cause any damage. It mostly died out on August 14, but its remains later helped to form another storm, Hurricane Katrina. Katrina became one of the worst hurricanes in the history of the United States. In general, Tropical Depression is a tropical cyclone that has maximum sustained surface winds of 38 mph or less. 

The tropical depression began as a tropical wave that entered the Atlantic Ocean on August 8, 2005. The wave moved west and began to become stronger on August 11. The system formed into Tropical Depression Ten at 12:00 UTC on August 13. It was about to the east of Barbados. When the storm was first called a tropical depression, it had a large area of thunderstorms, with curved rainbands.

The depression slowly moved west, but wind shear stopped the storm from becoming much stronger. Late on August 13, a weather forecaster said that it was "beginning to look like Irene-junior". They said this because it was mid-level shear happening in the storm towards the southwest "beneath the otherwise favorable upper-level outflow pattern". This means that the storm looked similar to Hurricane Irene.

Early on August 14, the wind shear tore apart the storm. The center of the storm separated from the thunderstorm areas. Later that day, the cyclone became even weaker. The National Hurricane Center gave their final warning on Tropical Depression Ten, and the storm mostly disappeared. However, its remains produced a few bursts of thunderstorm activity for several days, before completely stopping on August 18.

Energy left over from Tropical Depression Ten helped to form Tropical Depression Twelve over the southeastern Bahamas on August 23. Normally, if a depression disappears and forms again, it keeps the same number. However, the formation of Tropical Depression Twelve involved other weather systems, including another tropical wave. Tropical Depression Twelve later became Hurricane Katrina. 

Tropical Depression Ten did not hit land. So, no tropical cyclone watches and warnings were given out. It did not damage anything or cause any people's deaths, and no ships reported strong winds. Also, the depression never became a tropical storm, so the National Hurricane Center did not give it a name. 

After the depression mostly died, part of its remains became part of Tropical Depression Twelve, which later intensified into Hurricane Katrina. Katrina later became a Category 5 hurricane and reached land in Louisiana. Katrina caused much damage and became one of the worst hurricanes in the history of the United States.



Utahraptor

Utahraptor was a large mid-Cretaceous dromaeosaurid predator with 9-15 inch (23-38 cm) middle-toe claws. 

It was a fast-moving, agile, bipedal (walked on two legs), bird-like dinosaur. It had a curved, flexible neck and a big head. Sharp, serrated teeth were set into very powerful jaws. Each of its three fingers on each arm had large, sharp, curved claw.

It had four-toed feet; the second toe had a 9-15 inch (23-38 cm) sickle-like claw and the other toes had smaller claws. Its long tail had bony rods running along the spine giving it rigidity; the tail was used for balance and fast turning ability. 

It had a relatively large brain and large, keen, eyes. Utahraptor was 16-23 feet (5-7 m) long and may have weighed about .5 ton.

Albertosaurus

Albertosaurus was a relative of "Tyrannosaurus". It was smaller than "T. rex" and lived a few million years earlier. "Albertosaurus" walked on two legs and had a large head with sharp, saw-toothed teeth. It had two-fingered hands on short arms. Its long tail provided balance and quick turning. It had powerful back legs with clawed, three-toed feet.

"Albertosaurus" was about 30 feet (9 m) long, about 11 feet (3.4 m) tall at the hips, and up to 3 tons in weight (averaging roughly 2500 kg). Its lower jaw had 14 to 16 teeth; the upper jaw had 17-19 teeth. It had one row of teeth in each jaw and had at least one replacement tooth growing up under each working tooth.

"Albertosaurus" was more lightly built than "Tyrannosaurus". Most "Albertosaurus" specimens were found in a single place. 

Compared with the robust tyrannosaurines (such as "Tarbosaurus" and "Tyrannosaurus"), albertosaurines had slender builds, with proportionately smaller skulls and longer bones of the lower leg (tibia) and feet (metatarsals and phalanges). That suggests they were taking smaller or younger prey than "Tyrannosaurus", and were able to run faster to do so.

Michael Clarke

Michael John Clarke (born 2 April, 1981 in Liverpool, Sydney, New South Wales) is the former captain of the Australian cricket team. He is nicknamed 'Pup' or 'Clarkey', he is a right-handed batsman, highly-regarded fielder and occasional left-arm orthodox spin bowler. He captained the Australian team to a 5-0 whitewash in the 2013 Ashes series.

S/2004 S 13

S/2004 S 13 is a moon of Saturn. Its discovery was announced by Scott S. Sheppard, David C. Jewitt, Jan Kleyna, and Brian G. Marsden on May 4, 2005, from observations taken between December 12, 2004, and March 9, 2005.

S/2004 S 13 is about 6 kilometres in diameter, and orbits Saturn at an average distance of 18,056,000 km in 905.848 days, at an inclination of 167° to the ecliptic (143° to Saturn's equator), with an eccentricity of 0.261.


Greip (moon)

Greip or Saturn LI (provisional designation S/2006 S 4) is a moon of Saturn. Its discovery was announced by Scott S. Sheppard, David C. Jewitt, Jan Kleyna, and Brian G. Marsden on June 26, 2006, from observations taken between January 5 and May 1, 2006.

Greip is about 6 kilometres in diameter, and orbits Saturn at an average distance of 18,066,000 km in 906.556 days, at an inclination of 172.7° to the ecliptic (159.2° to Saturn's equator), and with an eccentricity of 0.3735.

It is named after Greip, a giantess (female giant) in Norse mythology.


Hyrrokkin (moon)

Hyrrokkin or Saturn XLIV (provisional designation S/2004 S 19) is a moon of Saturn. Its discovery was announced by Scott S. Sheppard, David C. Jewitt, Jan Kleyna, and Brian G. Marsden on June 26, 2006, from observations taken between December 12, 2004, and April 30, 2006.

Hyrrokkin is about 8 kilometres in diameter, and orbits Saturn at an average distance of 18,168,300 km in 914.292 days, at an inclination of 153.3° to the ecliptic (154.3° to Saturn's equator), with an eccentricity of 0.3604.

It was named in April 2007 after Hyrrokkin, a giantess (female giant) from Norse mythology, who launched Hringhorni, Baldr's funeral ship. It was originally listed as being spelled "Hyrokkin", but the spelling was later corrected.


Jarnsaxa (moon)

Jarnsaxa or Saturn L (provisional designation S/2006 S 6) is a moon of Saturn. Its discovery was announced by Scott S. Sheppard, David C. Jewitt, Jan Kleyna, and Brian G. Marsden on June 26, 2006, from images taken between January 5 and April 29, 2006.

Jarnsaxa is about in diameter, and orbits Saturn at an average distance of in 943.784 days, at an inclination of 162.9° to the ecliptic (164.1° to Saturn's equator), with an eccentricity of 0.1918. It is a member of the Norse group of non-spherical moons.

It is named after Járnsaxa, a giantess (female giant) in Norse mythology.


Tarvos (moon)

Tarvos or Saturn XXI is a non-spherical moon of Saturn. It was found by John J. Kavelaars, et al. on September 23, 2000, and given the designation S/2000 S 4. The name, given in August 2003, is after Tarvos from Gaulish mythology.

Tarvos orbits Saturn at an average distance of 18 million km in 926 days and is about 15 km in diameter (assuming an albedo of 0.04).

It is a member of the Gallic group of non-spherical moons.

Sharing similar orbit and displaying similar "light-red" colour, Tarvos is thought to have been formed in a break-up of a bigger body or to be a piece of Albiorix. 


1450

1450 was a common year in the 15th century.



Product (business)

A product is something that is made (produced) and often something that is sold.

In economics, things that one person has and another person wants are called goods. If the thing was made by people, then it is called a product. If it is something that was found in nature, it is called a natural resource.

In marketing, it is an object made for people's use and it satisfies the need of a customer. 

In retail, products are often connected with "merchandise", and in manufacturing, products are some materials to create final goods. 

Products are often connected with services but they are described and used in different ways. 

Products are classified: 

The system of dividing products on departments. For example, retailer Sears, Roebuck and Company created several groups of his products. It helps customers to choose the product by its function. 

A product line is "a group of products that are closely related". There are many product lines for various types of using. For example, within the insurance industry, product lines are divided by the type of risk coverage, such as auto insurance, commercial insurance and life insurance.

There are also national and international classifications. They can be used by different organizations. For example, the European Union uses a "Classification of Products by Activity". The United Nations classifies products for making reports of international economic activity. 


Yippee

Yippee is a 2006 documentary movie created by Jewish-American director Paul Mazursky. The movie follows a Jewish pilgrimage to the town of Uman in the Ukraine on Rosh Hashanah, the Jewish New Year. The city is the burial site of the founder of Bratslav Hasidism, Rabbi Nachman.


Vung Tau

Vung Tau (Vietnamese: "Vũng Tàu") is a city in Ba Ria-Vung Tau Province, Vietnam. This city has a population of 240,000 and an area of 154.0 km2. This is a petroleum and tourism centre of Vietnam. 

Vung Tau is located about 120 km northeast of Ho Chi Minh City. Vung Tau town was founded by French colonists under the administration of Paul Doumer, then the Governor General of French Indochina. This city borders Vietnam Sea and has several beautiful beaches.

Medium access control

A Media Access Control address (often shortened to MAC address) is a 48-bit code which allows a computer to be part of a computer network. Usually, a computer has only one MAC address. Each computer has a MAC address which identifies it uniquely on the network. No other device on the Internet will have the same MAC address. A MAC address contains two pairs of 24-bit hexadecimals: the first pair is the international standard identifier of the International Organization for Standardization (ISO) and the last pair is the serial number for the network interface card to uniquely identify the card.

Arabic Wikipedia

The Arabic Wikipedia () is the Arabic language version of Wikipedia. It started in September 2001.

It was the 23rd largest edition of Wikipedia by article count, but grew to 17th largest edition.

, it has over 1,100,000 articles, over 7,700,000 pages, over 2,260,000 registered users and over 49,000 files.

French Wikipedia

The French Wikipedia, the free Wikipedia ( or ) is the French language edition of Wikipedia, spelled "Wikipédia". It started in March 2001. It is the largest Wikipedia in a Romance language. It was the third largest Wikipedia after the English language and German language editions, but dropped to sixth.

As of 2024, it has about articles.

German Wikipedia

The German Wikipedia () is the German language edition of Wikipedia. Founded 16 March 2001, it is the second-oldest and the first non-English-language Wikipedia.

By count of articles, it is the third largest Wikipedia, after the English Wikipedia and the Swedish Wikipedia. As of 2024, it has about articles.

Mundilfari (moon)

Mundilfari or Saturn XXV, is a moon of Saturn. It was found by Brett J. Gladman, et al. in 2000, and given the designation S/2000 S 9.

Mundilfari is about 5.6 kilometres in diameter, and orbits Saturn at an average distance of 18,360,000 km in 928.806 days, at an inclination of 170° to the ecliptic (150° to Saturn's equator), with an eccentricity of 0.198.

Mundilfari may have formed from debris knocked off of Phoebe by big impacts at some point in the solar system's history.

It was named in August 2003 from Norse mythology, where Mundilfari is a Jotun or giant who is the father of the goddess Sol and the god Mani.


S/2006 S 1

S/2006 S 1 is an unnamed moon of Saturn. Its discovery was announced by Scott S. Sheppard, David C. Jewitt, Jan Kleyna, and Brian G. Marsden on June 26, 2006, from observations taken between January 4 and April 30, 2006.

S/2006 S 1 is about 6 kilometres in diameter, and orbits Saturn at an average distance of 18,930,200 km in 972.407 days, at an inclination of 154.2° to the ecliptic (175.4° to Saturn's equator), with an eccentricity of 0.1303.


S/2004 S 17

S/2004 S 17 is an unnamed moon of Saturn. Its discovery was announced by Scott S. Sheppard, David C. Jewitt, Jan Kleyna, and Brian G. Marsden on May 4, 2005, from observations taken between December 13, 2004, and March 5, 2005.

S/2004 S 17 is about 4 kilometres in diameter, and orbits Saturn at an average distance of 19,099,000 km in 985.453 days, at an inclination of 167° to the ecliptic (162° to Saturn's equator), with an eccentricity of 0.226.


Bergelmir (moon)

Bergelmir or Saturn XXXVIII (provisional designation S/2004 S 15) is a moon of Saturn. Its discovery was announced by Scott S. Sheppard, David C. Jewitt, Jan Kleyna, and Brian G. Marsden on May 4, 2005, from observations taken between December 12, 2004, and March 9, 2005.

Bergelmir is about 6 kilometres in diameter, and orbits Saturn at an average distance of 19,372,000 km in 1006.659 days, at an inclination of 157° to the ecliptic (134° to Saturn's equator), with an eccentricity of 0.152.

It was named in April 2007 after Bergelmir, a giant from Norse mythology and the grandson of Ymir, the primordial giant. Bergelmir and his wife alone among their kind were the only survivors of the enormous deluge of blood from Ymir's wounds when he was killed by Odin and his brothers at the dawn of time. Bergelmir then became the progenitor of a new race of giants.


Narvi (moon)

Narvi ( ) or Saturn XXXI is a moon of Saturn. It was discovered by a team of astronomers led by Scott S. Sheppard in 2003, and given the designation S/2003 S 1.

Narvi is about 7 kilometres in diameter, and orbits Saturn at an average distance of 19,371,000 km in 1006.541 days, at an inclination of 137° to the ecliptic (109° to Saturn's equator), with an eccentricity of 0.320.

It was named in January 2005 after Narvi from Norse mythology, also known as Narfi or Nari, a son of Loki by Sigyn who was killed to punish Loki for his crimes. The gods turned his brother Váli into a slavering wolf who tore his throat out. His entrails were used to bind Loki to a stone slab for all eternity, or at least until Ragnarok. The name was approved by the IAU Working Group on Planetary System Nomenclature on January 21, 2005.


Suttungr (moon)

Suttungr or Saturn XXIII, is a moon of Saturn. It was found by Brett J. Gladman, et al. in 2000, and given the designation S/2000 S 12.

Suttungr is about 5.6 kilometres in diameter, and orbits Saturn at an average distance of 19,667,000 km in 1029.703 days, at an inclination of 174° to the ecliptic (151° to Saturn's equator), with an eccentricity of 0.131.

Suttungr may have formed from debris knocked off of Phoebe at some point in the past.

It was named in August 2003 from Norse mythology, where Suttung is a Jotun or giant who once owned the mead of poetry.

The name was said as Suttung in IAU Circular 8177. However, the IAU Working Group on Planetary System Nomenclature later decided to add the nominative case ending "-r" to the base form "Suttung". 


Hati (moon)

Hati or Saturn XLIII (provisional designation S/2004 S 14) is a moon of Saturn. Its discovery was announced by Scott S. Sheppard, David C. Jewitt, Jan Kleyna, and Brian G. Marsden on May 4, 2005, from observations taken between December 12, 2004, and March 11, 2005.

Hati is about 6 kilometers in diameter, and orbits Saturn at an average distance of 20,303,000 km in 1080.099 days, at an inclination of 163° to the ecliptic (165° to Saturn's equator), with an eccentricity of 0.291.

It was named in April 2007 after Hati, a giant wolf from Norse mythology, son of Fenrisulfr and twin brother of Skoll.


S/2004 S 12

S/2004 S 12 is an unnamed moon of Saturn. Its discovery was announced by Scott S. Sheppard, David C. Jewitt, Jan Kleyna, and Brian G. Marsden on May 4, 2005, from observations taken between December 12, 2004, and March 9, 2005.

S/2004 S 12 is about 5 kilometres in diameter, and orbits Saturn at an average distance of 19,906,000 km in 1048.541 days, at an inclination of 164° to the ecliptic (162° to Saturn's equator), with an eccentricity of 0.396.


Farbauti (moon)

Farbauti or Saturn XL (also called S/2004 S 9) is a moon of Saturn. It was found by Scott S. Sheppard, David C. Jewitt, and Jan Kleyna on December 12, 2004. Farbauti was found using the Mauna Kea Observatory and is the 40th moon from Saturns surface. The public did not know about Farbauti until May 4, 2005.

Farbauti is 5 kilometres wide, and 20,291,000 kilometres from Saturns surface. Farbauti travels around Saturn (orbit) once every 1079 days.

The moon was named in April 2007 after the "storm giant" Fárbauti, father of Loki in Norse mythology.


Thrymr (moon)

Thrymr or Saturn XXX, is a moon of Saturn. It was found by Gladman, et al. in 2000, and given the designation S/2000 S 7.

Thrymr is about 5.6 kilometres in diameter, and orbits Saturn at an average distance of 20,810,000 km in 1120.809 days, at an inclination of 175° to the ecliptic (151° to Saturn's equator), with an eccentricity of 0.453.

Thrymr may have formed from debris knocked off of Phoebe at some point in the past.

Its name comes from Norse mythology, where Thrymr is a Jotun or frost giant.

The name was said as Thrym in IAU Circular 8177. However, the IAU Working Group on Planetary System Nomenclature later decided to add the nominative case ending "-r" to the root "Thrym". 


Aegir (moon)

Aegir or Saturn XXXVI (provisional designation S/2004 S 10) is a moon of Saturn. Its discovery was announced by Scott S. Sheppard, David C. Jewitt, Jan Kleyna, and Brian G. Marsden on May 4, 2005, from observations taken between December 12, 2004, and March 11, 2005.

Aegir is about 6 kilometres in diameter, and orbits Saturn at an average distance of 19,618,000 km in 1025.908 days, at an inclination of 167° to the ecliptic (140° to Saturn's equator), with an eccentricity of 0.237.

It was named in April 2007 after Ægir, a giant from Norse mythology, the personification of tranquil seas, the one who soothes storms away. He is a son of Fornjót, and brother of Logi (fire, flame) and Kári (wind).


S/2007 S 3

S/2007 S 3 is an unnamed moon of Saturn. Its discovery was announced by Scott S. Sheppard, David C. Jewitt, Jan Kleyna, and Brian G. Marsden on May 1, 2007, from observations taken between January 18 and April 19, 2007.

S/2007 S 3 is about 5 kilometres in diameter, and orbits Saturn at an average distance of 20,518,500 kilometres in about 1100 days, at an inclination of 177.22° to the ecliptic, with an eccentricity of 0.130.


Porrentruy District

The District of Porrentruy is one of the districts of the canton of Jura, Switzerland. The capital city is Porrentruy. The French-speaking district has a population of 24,012 (end of 2005).

Porrentruy is divided into 36 municipalities:

Franches-Montagnes District

The District of Franches-Montagnes is a district of the canton of Jura, Switzerland. The capital city is Saignelégier. The French-speaking district has a population of 9,865 (end of 2005).

Franches-Montagnes contains 19 municipalities:

Bestla (moon)

Bestla or Saturn XXXIX (provisional designation S/2004 S 18) is a moon of Saturn. Its discovery was announced by Scott S. Sheppard, David C. Jewitt, Jan Kleyna, and Brian G. Marsden on May 4, 2005, from observations taken between December 13, 2004, and March 5, 2005.

Bestla is about 7 kilometres in diameter, and orbits Saturn at an average distance of 19,959,000 km in 1052.722 days, at an inclination of 147° to the ecliptic (151° to Saturn's equator), with an eccentricity of 0.772. This moon has the most eccentric orbit of any moon in the solar system.

It was named in April 2007 after Bestla, a frost giantess (female giant) from Norse mythology, mother of Odin.


S/2004 S 7

S/2004 S 7 is an unnamed moon of Saturn. Its discovery was announced by Scott S. Sheppard, David C. Jewitt, Jan Kleyna, and Brian G. Marsden on May 4, 2005, from observations taken between December 12, 2004, and March 8, 2005.

S/2004 S 7 is about 6 kilometres in diameter, and orbits Saturn at an average distance of 20,577,000 km in 1101.989 days, at an inclination of 166° to the ecliptic (166° to Saturn's equator), with an eccentricity of 0.554.


Beckenried

Beckenried is a municipality of the canton of Nidwalden in Switzerland. 

The main sights of Beckenried are: the church "St. Heinrich" and its cemetery chapel, the "Ridli" chapel, the chapel "St. Anna", the "Klewen" chapel, fun fair ("Älplerkilbi"), and the St. Nikolas market.


Buochs

Buochs is a municipality in the canton of Nidwalden in Switzerland. 

The main sights of Buochs are the church "St. Martin", the "Loreto" chapel in "Ennerberg", a monument of Johann Melchior Wyrsch, and the quay.


S/2006 S 3

S/2006 S 3 is an unnamed moon of Saturn. Its discovery was announced by Scott S. Sheppard, David C. Jewitt, Jan Kleyna, and Brian G. Marsden on June 26, 2006, from observations taken between January and April 2006.

S/2006 S 3 is about 6 kilometres in diameter, and orbits Saturn at an average distance of 21,076,300 km in 1142.366 days, at an inclination of 150.8° to the ecliptic (128.8° to Saturn's equator), with an eccentricity of 0.4710.


Bern (disambiguation)

Bern can mean:

Fenrir (moon)

Fenrir or Saturn XLI (provisional designation S/2004 S 16) is a moon of Saturn. Its discovery was announced by Scott S. Sheppard, David C. Jewitt, Jan Kleyna, and Brian G. Marsden on May 4, 2005, from observations taken between December 13, 2004, and March 5, 2005.

Fenrir is about 4 kilometres in diameter, and orbits Saturn at an average distance of 22,611,000 km in 1269.362 days, at an inclination of 163° to the ecliptic (143° to Saturn's equator), with an eccentricity of 0.131.

It was named in April 2007 after Fenrisulfr, a giant wolf from Norse mythology, father of Hati and Skoll, son of Loki, destined to break its bonds for Ragnarök.


Surtur (moon)

Surtur or Saturn XLVIII (also known as S/2006 S 7) is a moon of Saturn. It was discovered by Scott S. Sheppard, David C. Jewitt, Jan Kleyna, and Brian G. Marsden on June 26, 2006.

Surtur is about 6 kilometres in diameter, and orbits Saturn at an average distance of 22,243,600 km in 1238.575 days, at an inclination of 166.9° to the ecliptic (148.9° to Saturn's equator), with an eccentricity of 0.3680.

It was named in April 2007, after Surtr, leader of the fire giants of Norse mythology.


Kari (moon)

Kari or Saturn XLV (provisional designation S/2006 S 2) is a moon of Saturn. Its discovery was announced by Scott S. Sheppard, David C. Jewitt, Jan Kleyna, and Brian G. Marsden on June 26, 2006, from observations taken between January and April 2006.

Kari is about 7 kilometres in diameter, and orbits Saturn at an average distance of 22,305,100 km in 1243.71 days, at an inclination of 148.4° to the ecliptic (151.5° to Saturn's equator), with an eccentricity of 0.3405.

It was named in April 2007 after Kári, son of Fornjót, the personification of wind in Norse mythology.


Ymir (moon)

Ymir ( ), or Saturn XIX is a moon of Saturn. It was found by Brett J. Gladman, et al. in 2000, and given the designation S/2000 S 1. It was named in August 2003, from Norse mythology, where Ymir is the ancestor of all the Jotuns or frost giants.

Ymir is about 16 kilometres in diameter, and orbits Saturn at an average distance of 23,175,000 km in 1317.137 days, at an inclination of 172° to the ecliptic (146° to Saturn's equator), with an eccentricity of 0.358.



Loge (moon)

Loge or Saturn XLVI (provisional designation S/2006 S 5) is a moon of Saturn. Its discovery was announced by Scott S. Sheppard, David C. Jewitt, Jan Kleyna, and Brian G. Marsden on June 26, 2006, from observations taken between January and April 2006.

Loge is about 6 kilometres in diameter, and orbits Saturn at an average distance of 23,142,000 km in 1314.364 days, at an inclination of 166.5° to the ecliptic (165.3° to Saturn's equator), with an eccentricity of 0.1390.

It was named in April 2007, after Loge (also spelled Logi), a fire giant from Norse mythology, son of Fornjót, sometimes confused with the god Loki.


Fornjot (moon)

Fornjot or Saturn XLII (provisional designation S/2004 S 8) is a moon of Saturn. Its discovery was announced by Scott S. Sheppard, David C. Jewitt, Jan Kleyna, and Brian G. Marsden on May 4, 2005, from observations taken between December 12, 2004, and March 11, 2005.

It is about 6 kilometres in diameter, and orbits Saturn at an average distance of 24,505,000 km in 1432 days at an inclination of 168° to the ecliptic (152° to Saturn's equator) with an eccentricity of 0.186. It is the farthest moon from Saturn.

It was named in April 2007, after Fornjót, a storm giant from Norse mythology, father of Ægir, Kári, and Loge.


Cordelia (moon)

Cordelia is the closest moon to Uranus. It was found from the images taken by "Voyager 2" on January 20, 1986, and was given the designation S/1986 U 7. It was not seen again until the Hubble Space Telescope observed it in 1997. Cordelia takes its name from the youngest daughter of Lear in William Shakespeare's "King Lear." It is also designated Uranus VI. This moon is wide and is the same size of Mars' smallest moon called Deimos.


Leberkäse

The word ""Leberkäse"" literally translates to ""liver-cheese"". In Bavaria there is neither cheese nor liver in the dish, though. Some linguists say, that the word may be related to the German word "Laib" (loaf). Perhaps it also contains the Slavic root "quas" (yeast).

According to German food laws, only products called "Bavarian Leberkäse" are allowed not to have liver in them; otherwise, there must be a minimum liver content of 4%. Some local variants must contain even more liver; for example, the liver content of "Stuttgarter Leberkäse" must be at least 5%.

There are several ways of eating Leberkäse:



Albula District

Albula is one of the districts in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland. It has an area of 723.13 km² and a population of 8,720 people (as of December 2004). 

Albula contains 4 "Kreise" (sub-districts) Alvaschein, Belfort, Bergün and Surses, which contains 23 municipalities:

Bernina District

Bernina is a district in the canton of Graubünden, Switzerland. It has an area of 237.2 km² and a population of 4,687 people (as of December 2004).

Bernina consists of two "Kreise" (sub-districts) Brusio and Poschiavo, each of which contains a single municipality of the same name.

Ophelia (moon)

Ophelia is a closer moon of Uranus. It was found from the images taken by "Voyager 2" on January 20, 1986, and was given the designation S/1986 U 8. It was not seen until the Hubble Space Telescope saw it in 2003.

Ophelia was named after the daughter of Polonius, Ophelia, in William Shakespeare's play "Hamlet". It is also designated Uranus VII.

Unfortunately, other than its orbit, radius of 23 km and geometric albedo of 0.08, almost nothing is known about it. At the Voyager 2 images Ophelia appears as a streched object, the major axis pointing towards Uranus.


Hinterrhein District

Hinterrhein is a district of the canton of Graubünden, Switzerland. It has an area of 617.67 km² and a population of 12,508 people (as of December 2004). 

Hinterrhein consists of five "Kreise" (sub-districts) and 39 municipalities.

On 1 January 2006, Medels im Rheinwald became part of Splügen.

On 1 January 2003, the municipalities of Donath and Patzen-Fardün became part of Donat.

Imboden District

Imboden is a district of the canton of Graubünden, Switzerland. It has an area of 203.78 km² and a population of 17,528 people. (as of December 2004). 

It contains 2 "Kreise" (sub-districts) and seven municipalities:

Inn District, Switzerland

Inn is a district of the canton of Graubünden, Switzerland. It has an area of 1,196.77 km² and a population of 9,371 people (as of December 2004). 

It contains 4 "Kreise" (sub-districts) and 18 municipalities:

Landquart District

Landquart is a district of the canton of Graubünden, Switzerland. It has an area of 193.91 km² and a population of 22,450 people as of December 2004.

It contains 2 "Kreise" (sub-districts) and 11 municipalities

Maloja District

Maloja () is a district of the canton of Graubünden, Switzerland. It has an area of and a population of 17,810 people (as of December 2004). Most of the population of Maloja speaks Italian.

It contains 2 "Kreise" (sub-districts) and 16 municipalities:

Moesa District

Moesa is a district of the canton of Graubünden, Switzerland. It has an area of 496.11 km² and a population of 7,640 people (as of December 2004). 

It contains 3 "Kreise" (sub-districts) and 17 municipalities:

Plessur District

Plessur is a district of the canton of Graubünden, Switzerland. It has an area of 266.73 km² and a population of 38,899 people (as of December 2004). The district is named after the river Plessur which crosses it. 

Plessur contains 3 "Kreise" (sub-districts) Chur, Churwalden and Schanfigg, which makes a total of 16 municipalities:

Davos (district)

Davos is a district of the canton of Graubünden, Switzerland. It has an area of 823.95 km² and a population of 25,728 people (as of December 2004). 

It contains 7 "Kreise" (sub-districts) and 16 municipalities:

The sub-districts Davos, Jenaz, Klosters, Küblis and Luzein belonged until 1986 to the defunct district "Oberlandquart"; the sub-districts Schiers and Seewis to the defunct district "Unterlandquart".

Adrastea (moon)

Adrastea or ', is the second closest moon to Jupiter. It was found by David C. Jewitt and G. Edward Danielson in "Voyager 2" probe photographs taken in 1979 and received the designation '. In 1983, it was named after the mythological Adrastea, who was a daughter of Jupiter and Ananke.

Adrastea was the first moon to be found from images taken by an interplanetary spacecraft, rather than through telescopic photography.

Adrastea is non-spherical and measures 20x16x14 km³ across. What Adrastea is made of and the mass of Adrastea are not known, but assuming that its mean density is like that of Amalthea (~0.86 g/cm³) its mass can be estimated at ~2×10 kg. Amalthea's density implies that moon is composed of water ice with a porosity of 10-15%, and Adrastea may be similar.

No surface details of Adrastea are known, due to the low resolution of available images.
Adrastea is the smallest and second closest member of the closer moons to Jupiter. It orbits Jupiter at ~129,000 km (1.806 Jupiter radii) within the planet's Main Ring. The orbital eccentricity of ~0.0015 and inclination of ~ 0.03° relative to the equator of Jupiter are very small.

Adrastea was found in "Voyager 1 and 2" images, but appeared only as a dot. The "Galileo" spacecraft was able to see its shape, but the images remain poor.


Surselva (district)

Surselva is a district of the canton of Graubünden, Switzerland. It has an area of 1,373.39 km² and a population of 22,381 people (as of December 2004).

It contains 5 "Kreise" (sub-districts) and 43 municipalities:

Almens

Almens was a municipality in the district of Hinterrhein in the Swiss canton of Graubünden. On 1 January 2015, the former municipalities of Almens, Paspels, Pratval, Rodels and Tomils merged into the new municipality of Domleschg.
German is the most common language in Almens.


Bernese Jura

Bernese Jura (German:"Berner Jura", French: "Jura Bernois") is a part of the canton of Bern in Switzerland. It is the French speaking part of the canton. It was made after the canton of Jura split from the canton of Bern. The Bernese Jura is made of three districts, Courtelary, La Neuveville and Moutier. The people living there are mainly protestants, they chose to stay with the canton of Bern in 1979.

Alvaneu

Alvaneu is a former municipality in the district of Albula in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland.

It consists of Alvaneu-Dorf and Alvaneu-Bad. The area is 35.68 km² and the population is 421 people.

On 1 January 2015 the former municipalities of Alvaneu, Alvaschein, Brienz/Brinzauls, Mon, Stierva, Surava and Tiefencastel merged into the new municipality of Albula/Alvra.

This table shows the languages of Alvaneu:


Birgisch

Birgisch was a municipality in the district of Brig in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2013 the former municipalities of Birgisch and Mund merged into the municipality of Naters.

Amalthea (moon)

Amalthea is the third closest moon to Jupiter. It was found on September 9, 1892, by Edward Emerson Barnard and named after Amalthea, a nymph in Greek mythology. It is also known as .

On Amalthea, Jupiter would be an amazing sight in its sky, looking 92 times bigger than the Full Moon. Amalthea is the biggest of the closer moons of Jupiter. Non-spherical and reddish in colour, it is thought to have of water ice with unknown amounts of other materials. Its surface has big craters and high mountains.

Pictures of Amalthea were taken in 1979 and 1980 by the "Voyager 1 and 2" spacecraft, and later, in more detail, by the "Galileo" orbiter in the 1990s.

Amalthea was found on September 9, 1892 by Edward Emerson Barnard using the 36 inch (91 cm) telescope at Lick Observatory. It was the first new moon of Jupiter since Galileo Galilei's discovery of the Galilean moons in 1610.

The moon is named after the nymph Amalthea from Greek mythology who nursed the infant Zeus (the Greek equivalent of Jupiter) with goat's milk. Its Roman numeral designation is . The name "Amalthea" was not adopted by the IAU until 1975, although it had been in use for many decades. The name was suggested by Camille Flammarion. Before 1975, Amalthea was most commonly known simply as . The adjectival form of the name is "Amalthean".

Amalthea circles Jupiter at a distance of 181,000 km (2.54 Jupiter radii). The orbit of Amalthea has an eccentricity of 0.003 and an inclination of 0.37° relative to the equator of Jupiter.

The surface of Amalthea is very red The reddish color may be due to sulfur coming from Io or some other non ice material. Bright patches of green appear on the major slopes of Amalthea, but the nature of this color is currently unknown. The surface of Amalthea is a bit brighter than surfaces of other closer moons of Jupiter.

From Jupiter's surface —or rather, from just above its cloudtops— Amalthea would appear very bright, shining with a magnitude of −4.7, similar to that of Venus from Earth.

From the surface of Amalthea, Jupiter would look enormous: it would look 92 times bigger than the Full Moon.

In 1979-1980, the "Voyager 1 and 2" spacecraft made the first images of Amalthea, which resolved its surface. They also measured the moon's surface temperature. Later, the "Galileo" orbiter completed taking pictures of Amalthea's surface and a close flyby enabled it to constrain the moon's internal structure and composition.


Eggerberg

Eggerberg is a municipality in the district of Brig in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.


Mund

Mund was a municipality in the district of Brig in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2013, the former municipalities of Mund and Birgisch merged into the municipality of Naters.

Dallenwil

Dallenwil is a municipality in the canton of Nidwalden in Switzerland.

The main sights of Dallenwil are the ski and summer resort "Wiesenberg/Wirzweli", the church "St. Laurentius", and the pilgrimage chapel "Wiesenberg".


Emmetten

Emmetten is a municipality in the canton of Nidwalden in Switzerland. 

The main sights of Emmetten are the "St. Anna" chapel in Schöneck, the church "St. Jakob und St. Theresia", the chapel of the holy cross with frescos of "danse macabre" in "Sagendorf", and the chapel in "Erlen".


Ennetbürgen

Ennetbürgen is a municipality in the canton of Nidwalden in Switzerland.

The main sights of Ennetbürgen are the Saint Jost Chapel and the Church of Saint Anton.


Ennetmoos

Ennetmoos is a municipality in the canton of Nidwalden in Switzerland. 

The main sights of Ennetmoos are the chapels of Saint Jakob, Saint Leonhard (in Rohren), and Saint Magnus (in Allweg), a monument (Überfalldenkmal) in Allweg, ruins at Rotzberg, the Stanserhorn mountain and resort, and the pilgrimage route St. Jakobsweg.


Carpo (moon)

Carpo or ', is a moon of Jupiter. It was found by a team of astronomers from the University of Hawaii led by Scott S. Sheppard in 2003, and was designated as ' until it got its name in early 2005.

Carpo is about 3 kilometres in diameter, and orbits Jupiter at an average distance of 17,145,000 km in 458.625 days, at an inclination of 56° to the ecliptic (55° to Jupiter's equator), and with an orbital eccentricity of 0.2736.
It was named in March 2005 after Carpo, one of the Horae, and a daughter of Zeus (Jupiter).

Sari, Iran

Sari () is the capital city of the Mazandaran province in Iran.

Rasht

Rasht is the capital city of the Gilan province of Iran.

Mazandaran province

Mazandaran () is a province in the north of Iran. It south of the Caspian Sea. It has borders with Golestan, Semnan, Tehran, Qazvin and Gilan provinces.

Kallichore (moon)

Kallichore or ', is a moon of Jupiter. It was found by a team of astronomers from the University of Hawaii led by Scott S. Sheppard, et al. in 2003. It got the designation '.

Kallichore is about 2 kilometres in diameter, and orbits Jupiter at an average distance of 23,112,000 km in 717.806 days, at an inclination of 165° to the ecliptic (164° to Jupiter's equator), with an orbital eccentricity of 0.2042.

It was named in March 2005 after the nymph Kallichore.

Kallichore belongs to the Carme group, made up of non-spherical retrograde moons orbiting Jupiter at a distance ranging between 23,000,000 and 24,000,000 km and at an inclination of about 165°.

Eurydome (moon)

Eurydome or ', is a moon of Jupiter. It was found by a team of astronomers from the University of Hawaii led by Scott S. Sheppard in 2001, and given the designation '.

Eurydome is about 3 kilometres in diameter, and orbits Jupiter at an average distance of 23,231,000 km in 723.359 days, at an inclination of 149° to the ecliptic (147° to Jupiter's equator), with an orbital eccentricity of 0.3770.

It was named in August 2003 after Eurydome in Greek mythology, who is sometimes described as the mother of the Graces by Zeus (Jupiter).

Eurydome belongs to the Pasiphaë group, non-spherical retrograde moons orbiting Jupiter at distances ranging between 22,800,000 and 24,100,000 km, and with inclinations ranging between 144.5° and 158.3°.

Sari (clothing)

A Sari (also known as a Saree or a Shari) is a type of clothing for women worn throughout South Asia. It is used as a daily clothing by many ethnic groups of Pakistan, India, Bangladesh, Nepal. The history of Sari-like drapery can be traced back to the Indus Valley civilization, which existed during 2800–1800 BCE mainly in modern-day Pakistan. It is a very long strip of cloth which is wraped around the body.

There are different kinds of saris for different occasions. The first mention of saris (alternately spelled sarees) is in the Rig Veda, a Hindu book of hymns dating to 3,000 B.C.; draped garments show up on sculptures from the first through sixth centuries, too.

West Berlin

West Berlin was the name of the western part of Berlin between 1949 and 1990. It was the American, British, and French occupied sectors that were created in 1945.

In many ways it was integrated (joined) with West Germany, but it was not a part of West Germany or East Germany. The Soviet sector became East Berlin, which East Germany claimed as its capital. The Western Allies never recognized this claim. They said that the whole city was still under four-power occupation. The building of the Berlin Wall in 1961 surrounded West Berlin.

West Berlin was called "Berlin (West)" by the West Germany government, and usually by the East German government. The east German spelling suggested that West Berlin was not really part of "Berlin" as a whole, but a separate place. East Berlin was officially called "Berlin, Hauptstadt der DDR" ("Berlin, Capital of the GDR"), or simply "Berlin," by East Germany.

The Potsdam Agreement of the four wartime allies decided on dividing up Germany. At first it was only a temporary measure, until a permanent way to reunite a peaceful Germany and Berlin could be worked out.

When the cold war began, the joint administration of Germany and Berlin broke down. Soon Soviet-occupied Berlin and western-occupied Berlin were managed by separate governments.

In 1948, the Soviets tried to force the western allies out of Berlin by a blockade of the western sectors. The Soviets blocked roads, railways and waterways, but the Potsdam Agreement guaranteed air corridors to Berlin. Because the western allies flew in all the supplies that normally came by land, the Berlin Blockade is also known as the Berlin Airlift. The Blockade ended in May 1949. By the end of 1949, two new states had been created out of occupied Germany - the Federal Republic of Germany (West Germany) in the West and the German Democratic Republic (East Germany) in the East - with West Berlin an enclave that was not part of either.

According to the western allies, the occupation of most of Germany ended in 1949 when the Federal Republic of Germany and the German Democratic Republic were set up. But the occupation of Berlin could only be ended by a quadripartite (four power) agreement, so Berlin remained an occupied territory under the formal control of all the allies. This is why the "Grundgesetz" (constitution of the Federal Republic) never applied in West Berlin.

The Soviets declared the occupation of East Berlin ended when East Germany was set up. This move was not recognised by the western allies who continued to view all of Berlin as a jointly occupied territory belonging to neither of the two states.

However, in many ways, West Berlin functioned as the "de facto" 11th state of West Germany.

But the western allies remained the ultimate political authorities there. The allies could appoint the Mayor and city government at Rathaus Schöneberg, but they never chose anyone except the elected mayor.

There were differences between West Germany and West Berlin.

While West Berlin was separate from East Berlin after 1949, people could easily move between the two parts until 1961. In many ways Berlin worked as a single city. The U-Bahn and S-Bahn public transit networks, rebuilt after the war, spanned all occupation sectors. Many people lived in one half of the city and had family members, friends, and jobs in the other.

As the Cold War continued, many East Germans began leaving East Germany for the West. East Germany closed the borders between East and West Germany in 1952, but did not seal off West Berlin; because there was freedom of movement between West Berlin and West Germany, Easterners could use the city as a crossing point to the West. To stop this drain, the East German government built the Berlin Wall, thus physically closing off West Berlin from East Germany, on 13 August 1961. It was still possible to travel from West Berlin to West Germany by air and by specific rail and autobahn transit routes set aside for that purpose, but inhabitants of the two Berlins were now physically and legally separated from each other.

The Four Power Agreement on Berlin (September 1971) and the Transit Agreement (May 1972), helped to ease the tensions over West Berlin and made it a little easier for West Berliners to travel to East Germany and for Germans travelling along the road routes into the city instead of flying.

On 9 November 1989 the wall was opened, and the two cities were once again physically - but not legally - united. German reunification soon ended the western occupation of West Berlin. On 3 October 1990 West Berlin and East Berlin were united as the city of Berlin, which then joined the Federal Republic as a "state," along with the rest of East Germany. West Berlin and East Berlin thus both formally ceased to exist.

West Berlin comprised the following boroughs:

In the American Sector:

In the British Sector:

In the French Sector:



Thyone (moon)

Thyone or ', is a non-spherical moon of Jupiter. It was found by a team of astronomers from the University of Hawaii led by Scott S. Sheppard, et al. in 2001, and given the designation '.

Thyone is about 4 kilometres in diameter, and orbits Jupiter at an average distance of 21,406,000 km in 639.803 days, at an inclination of 147° to the ecliptic (147° to Jupiter's equator) with an orbital eccentricity of 0.2526.

It was named in August 2003 after Thyone, better known as Semele, one of Zeus' conquests in Greek mythology.

Thyone belongs to the Ananke group, retrograde non-spherical moons which orbit Jupiter between 19,300,000 and 22,700,000 km, at inclinations of about 150°.

Sukhoi Su-27

The Su-27 Flanker is a Soviet/Russian single-seat fighter aircraft made by Sukhoi. It first flew on 20 May 1977, and was introduced on 23 August 1990. It was first made by the Soviet Union as a fighter, but now it is in the Russian Air Force. It can hold up to 10 guided Air-to-Air medium-range R-27E or short-range R-73 or unguided Air-to-Ground missiles, unguided bombs, and a GSh-301 30mm cannon with 150 bullets. It has two AL-31F turbofan engines, a multi-purpose onboard search and track radar, an optical infrared search and track station with a laser rangefinder linked to pilot's helmet-mounted target designator and with a wide-angle HUD.

The Su-27 was made to pair with the MiG-29 Fulcrum, but in the Eritrean-Ethiopian War, Ethiopian Su-27s shot down 5 Eritrean MiG-29s. It was also supposed to fight American fighters like the F-15 Eagle and F-16 Fighting Falcon. There are the prototype versions T10 Flanker-A and T10S, the version S Flanker-B for the Russian Air Force, the interceptor version P Flanker-B without Air-to-Ground weapons for the Russian Air Force, the two-seat trainer version UB Flanker-C for the Russian Air Force, the export versions SK and UBK, the upgraded export versions SKM and UBM. There are fighters similar to the Su-27, like the Su-33 Flanker-D and the Su-30 Flanker-C .

The Su-27 is still in service with the Russian Air Force and others. Russian Air Force has hundreds of aircraft.
Half the fleet -about 100 fighters- has been modernized in the SM version from 2004 to 2012. The SM version has improved avionics, guided Air-to-Ground missiles and guided bombs and a “glass” cockpit. Russian Air Force received 12 newly built modernized SM3 aircraft in 2011.


F. W. Murnau

Friedrich Wilhelm "F. W." Murnau (28 December 1888 – 11 March 1931) was a German movie director. He was one of the most influential directors of the silent movie era. He was born in Bielefeld and attended the University of Heidelberg. He studied art history. He was openly gay. He was 6'4 (193 cm). He was said to have an icy disposition and an obsession with film. He was a combat pilot during World War I. He directed his first movie "Der Knabe in Blau" () in 1919.

Murnau's most famous movie is "Nosferatu" (1922). It was based on the book "Dracula". "Faust" was Murnau's last German movie. "Nosferatu" and "Faust" were two of the first films to have original music. Some of his German movies were considered to be Expressionist movies.

Murnau went to Hollywood in 1926. He joined the Fox Studio. He made "Sunrise" in 1927. It did not make a lot of money. It did receive an Academy Award in 1929. Murnau's next two movies were sound movies. They were not well received. Murnau was disappointed. He quit Fox. He went to the South Pacific. In Bora Bora he made "Tabu". The movie was censored in the United States for images of bare-breasted Polynesian women. Murnau died in an automobile accident in Santa Barbara, California. He is buried in Stahnsdorf near Berlin.Only 11 people attended his funeral. One of them was Greta Garbo.


Harpalyke (moon)

Harpalyke or ', is a non-spherical moon of Jupiter. It was found by a team of astronomers from the University of Hawaii led by Scott S. Sheppard in 2000, and given the designation '. In August 2003,the moon was named after Harpalyke, the incestuous daughter of Klymenos, who was in some accounts a lover of Zeus (Jupiter).

Harpalyke belongs to the Ananke group, believed to be the remnants of a break-up of a captured asteroid. It is about 4 kilometres in diameter and appears grey similar to C-type asteroids. The moon orbits Jupiter at an average distance of 21,064,000 km in 624.542 days, at an inclination of 147° to the ecliptic (147° to Jupiter's equator) with an orbital eccentricity of 0.2441.



Giganotosaurus

Giganotosaurus is a large theropod dinosaur. It lived during the Upper Cretaceous, about 99 - 97 million years ago in what is now Argentina. 70 percent of the skeleton has been found. "Giganotosaurus" was probably the second largest carnivorous dinosaur of all time. Another large carnivore, "Mapusaurus", also lived in the same territory. They were both relatives of the North African "Carcharodontosaurus". 

The largest specimen is long, and tall at the hip. Its weight is estimated as . 

Titanosaur fossils belonging to "Andesaurus" and "Limaysaurus" have been found near the remains of "Giganotosaurus". The huge titanosaur "Argentinosaurus" also lived in the area. Probably, the titanosaurs were the main prey of the large theropods.

Orthosie (moon)

Orthosie or ', is a moon of Jupiter. It was found by a team of astronomers from the University of Hawaii led by Scott Sheppard in 2001, and given the designation '.

Orthosie is about 2 kilometres in diameter, and orbits Jupiter at an average distance of 20,568,000 km in 602.619 days, at an inclination of 142° to the ecliptic (143° to Jupiter's equator), with an orbital eccentricity of 0.2433.

It was named in August 2003 after Orthosie, the Greek goddess of prosperity and one of the Horae. The Horae (Hours) were daughters of Zeus and Themis.

Orthosie belongs to the Ananke group, retrograde non-spherical moons which orbit Jupiter between 19,300,000 and 22,700,000 km, at inclinations of about 150°.

Eoraptor

Eoraptor is one of the earliest known theropod dinosaurs. It was a very small omnivore or carnivore which lived in the Lower Triassic, about 231-228 million years ago (mya). It is the only one of the possible early dinosaurs which can be exactly dated by a layer of volcanic ash close beneath the fossil. 

"Eoraptor" was a small, lightly-built archosaur that walked on two long legs. It was about it had light, hollow bones, a long head with dozens of small, sharp teeth, and five fingers on its grasping hands (two of the fingers on each hand were very small).

The fossil was found in the Ischigualasto Formation in the Argentine. This contains some of the oldest known dinosaur and archosaur remains. They are of top quality, number and importance. It is the only place in the world where nearly all of the Triassic is represented in an undisturbed sequence of strata. What is now badlands was then a volcanically active floodplain dominated by rivers, with a strongly seasonal rainfall. 

Rhynchosaurs and cynodonts are by far the most common among the tetrapod fossils in the park. Dinosaurs make up only 6% of the findings, but these include early samples of the two major lineages of dinosaurs (ornithischians and saurischians). The carnivorous "Herrerasaurus" is the most numerous of these dinosaur fossils.

The teeth of Eoraptor are of two types. There are serrated, recurved teeth in the maxillae (upper jaws), like the teeth of theropods, and leaf-shaped teeth in the dentary (lower jaw), like the teeth of basal sauropodomorphs.

Below is a cladogram based on the phylogenetic analysis conducted by Sues et al. in 2011, showing the relationships of "Eoraptor":

A large analysis of early dinosaurs by Matthew Baron, David Norman and Paul Barrett (2017) found "Eoraptor" to be the earliest diverging member of Theropoda, within the larger clade Ornithoscelida.

Expressionism

Expressionism is an art and cultural movement of the 20th century.
Expressionist artists try to express a feeling with what they create. Colours and shapes are not used in a way people see them, but as the artist feels them. 

Expressionism emerged as an 'avant-garde movement' in poetry and painting before the First World War. In the Weimar years it was appreciated by a mass audience, peaking in popularity in 1920s Berlin.

Expressionism presents the world as subjective: how the artist feels it, not how it is scientifically. The art looks to get an emotional effect, and transmits personal moods and ideas. Expressionist artists sought to express the meaning of "being alive" and emotional experience rather than physical reality.

Expressionism is exhibited in many art forms, including: painting, literature, theatre, dance, film, architecture and music. The term often implies emotional angst. In a general sense, painters such El Greco could be called expressionist; in practice, the term is applied only to 20th century works.

The Expressionist stress on the individual perspective was also a reaction to positivism and other artistic movements such as naturalism and impressionism.

Typical modern expressionists are Edvard Munch ("The Scream"), August Macke, Ernst-Ludwig Kirchner, Emil Nolde, Marc Chagall, and others. The First World War, with the many young men who died, left deep impressions on artists' minds.

Suchomimus

Suchomimus ("crocodile mimic") was a fish-eating (and meat-eating) large spinosaurid theropod dinosaur with a crocodile-like head. It lived 112 million years ago in the Lower Cretaceous period in what is now Africa.

It was about 10.3–11 m (34–36 ft) long, and weighed 2.7 and 5.2 tonnes (2.7 and 5.1 long tons; 3.0 and 5.7 short tons). It walked on two powerful hind legs, and had short clawed arms with three fingers, the first finger was the longest.

Kale (moon)

Kale or ', is a non-spherical moon of Jupiter. It was found in 2001 by astronomers at the University of Hawaii, and was originally designated as '.

Kale is about 2 kilometres in diameter, and orbits Jupiter at an average distance of 22,409,000 km in 685.324 days, at an orbital inclination of 165° to the ecliptic (166° to Jupiter's equator), with an eccentricity of 0.2011.

It was named in August 2003 after one of the Charites (Greek Χάριτες, Latin "Gratiae", "Graces"), daughters of Zeus (Jupiter). Kale is the spouse of Hephaestus according to some authors (although most have Aphrodite play that role).

It belongs to the Carme group, made up of non-spherical retrograde moons orbiting Jupiter at a distance ranging between 23,000,000 and 24,000,000 km and at an inclination of about 165°.

Celtic Reconstructionist Paganism

Celtic Reconstructionist Paganism, which is sometimes just called by its initials, "CR", is a religion. People who belong to the religion call themselves "Celtic Reconstructionists" or "Celtic Reconstructionist Pagans". Sometimes they just call themseleves "CRs".

The Celts were the people who lived long ago in many parts of Europe, but mainly in the countries of Ireland, Scotland, Wales, and Gaul (modern-day France). The Modern Celts are the people who live in those countries now, or whose ancestors lived there.

Like the ancient Celts did before them, CRs are polytheistic and have many gods and goddesses. They believe in spirits and ancestors, too, and they often honour them with rituals and offerings. Offerings to the spirits might be food, or songs, or poetry. CRs often learn the languages spoken by the Celts, if they do not speak them already. These languages include the Irish language, Scottish Gaelic, the Welsh language and others.

Celtic Reconstructionists are a type of Pagan Reconstructionist. Reconstructionists believe in practicing a religion that is from one culture. They are different from eclectic Pagans, who mix parts of different cultures together.

Celtic Reconstructionist Paganism (CR) started in the 1980s, when people interested in the Celts and in Paganism were looking for an authentic religion. By the 1990s there were lots of CRs. Some of them met each other at Pagan gatherings, and later more people met each other on the Internet.

The first person to write about being a "Celtic Reconstructionist Pagan" was Kym Lambert ní Dhoireann. She wrote this in the Spring, 1992 issue of "Harvest" Magazine. She says she got the idea for the name from Kathryn Price NicDhàna, who had also written about it. Margot Adler's 1979 book, "Drawing Down the Moon" has a chapter on "Pagan Reconstructionists", and Kathryn NicDhàna says this is probably where she got the idea, even though the book does not mention Celtic Reconstructionists, just other kinds.

Celtic Reconstructionists base their religion on what we know of the Ancient Celtic people's religion, and also on Celtic folklore. They focus on a particular Celtic culture, such as the Gaelic Welsh or Gaulish. Many CRs are scholars, or mystics, though many believe it's important to be both. CRs read lots of books and do things like meditation, prayer, and rituals. CRs believe that honesty and honorable behaviour is important.

Many CRs view each act of daily life as a form of ritual, and they accompany daily activities with traditional prayers, chants and songs from sources such as the Scottish Gaelic "Carmina Gadelica" or manuscript collections of ancient Irish or Welsh poetry.

Community rituals are usually based on traditional community celebrations found in folkloric collections by authors such as Marian McNeill, Kevin Danaher or John Gregorson Campbell. These celebrations often involve bonfires, dances, songs, divination and children's games. More formal or mystical CR rituals are often based on traditional techniques of interacting with the Otherworld, such as the act of making offerings of food, drink and art to the spirits of the land, ancestral spirits, and the Celtic deities. CR ritual structures are based on the ancient Celtic idea of the "Three Realms" - Land, Sea and Sky - with the fire of inspiration seen as a central, uniting force. Many CRs have altars and shrines to the spirits and deities they believe in. They may place these altars at outdoor, natural locations such as wells, streams, and special trees. Some CRs practice divination, such as the taking of omens from the shapes of clouds or the behaviour of birds and animals.

While Celtic Reconstructionism was the earliest name in use, and is still used the most often, other names for a Celtic Reconstructionist approach have also come into use, with varying degrees of success.

Some CR groups have looked to Celtic languages for a more culturally specific name for the tradition, or for their branch of the tradition. There are groups who now described their traditions as "Pàganachd" ("Paganism, Heathenism" in Scottish Gaelic) or the Irish version, "Págánacht". Some Gaelic-oriented groups use the two terms somewhat interchangeably,<ref name="Paganachd/Paganacht"></ref> or further modify these terms to describe the CR sub-tradition practiced by their particular group, such as "Pàganachd Allaidh" (“Wild Paganism”) or "Pàganachd Bhandia" (“Paganism of Goddesses”),
both used by Gaelic Reconstructionist groups on the East Coast of the US.

In the late 1990s, members of Imbas, a Celtic Reconstructionist group in Seattle, began promoting the name "Senistrognata", which they say means "the ancestral customs of the Celtic peoples" in reconstructed Old Celtic.




Celtic Reconstructionists rely on primary mythological texts, as well as surviving folklore, for the basis of their religious practices. No list can completely cover all the recommended works, but this is a small sample of sources used.




Hurricane Humberto (2007)

Hurricane Humberto formed and strengthened faster than any other tropical cyclone on record within 18 hours of landfall; developing on September 12, 2007 in the northwestern Gulf of Mexico, the cyclone quickly strengthened and struck High Island, Texas, with winds of about 90 mph (150 km/h) early on September 13. It steadily weakened after moving ashore, and on September 14 it began dissipating over northwestern Georgia as it interacted with an approaching cold front. Humberto was the eighth named storm and third hurricane of the 2007 Atlantic hurricane season, and became the first hurricane to strike the United States since Hurricane Wilma of 2005. Damage was fairly light, estimated at about $50 million.



High Island, Texas

High Island is an unincorporated area in Galveston County, Texas. It is in the extreme eastern part of the county on Bolivar Peninsula, less than one mile from Chambers county and less than two miles from Jefferson county. As of 1990, 500 people resided in High Island.

In 2007, Hurricane Humberto made landfall near High Island.


Preparations for Hurricane Katrina

This article covers the details of the preparations for Hurricane Katrina, a major category 5 hurricane that destroyed parts of Louisiana, Mississippi, and Alabama.

Many people living in the area were caught off guard when Katrina strengthened from a tropical storm to a Category 1 hurricane in one day and struck southern Florida on August 25. National Hurricane Center (NHC) forecasts had correctly predicted the strengthening, however, and hurricane watches and warnings were properly given out nearly 36 and 24 hours, before hurricane conditions were felt in the area.

On August 27, after Katrina crossed southern Florida and strengthened to a Category 3 storm, President George W. Bush declared a state of emergency in Louisiana, Alabama, and Mississippi two days before the hurricane made landfall.

On August 28, the National Weather Service in Slidell, Louisiana, issued a bulletin predicting "devastating" damage rivaling the intensity of Hurricane Camille. Necessary evacuations were issued for large areas of southeast Louisiana as well as coastal Mississippi and Alabama.

On Sunday, August 28, Canadian National Railway (CN) stopped all rail traffic on its lines south of McComb, Mississippi, (lines owned by its subsidiary Illinois Central Railroad that extend into New Orleans), expectating damage from the hurricane. To help continue services after the storm passes, CN also issued an embargo with the Association of American Railroads against all deliveries to points south of Osyka, Mississippi. CSX Transportation also suspended service south of Montgomery, Alabama until further notice.

Amtrak, America's rail passenger carrier, announced that the southbound "City of New Orleans" passenger trains from Chicago, Illinois, from August 29 through September 3, would stop at Memphis, Tennessee, rather than their usual destination of New Orleans. The trains traveling northbound would also start at Memphis. The southbound "Crescent" from New York City, for the same period, stopped in Atlanta, Georgia, with the northbound trains starting in Atlanta as well. Amtrak's westbound "Sunset Limited" started in San Antonio, Texas, rather than its usual starting point of Orlando, Florida. Amtrak announced that no alternate transportation options would be made available into or out of the affected area.

The Waterford nuclear power plant was also shut down on Sunday, August 28, before Katrina's arrival.

By August 26, the possibility of never-before-happened destruction and damage was already being considered. Some computer models were putting the city of New Orleans right in the center of their track probabilities, and the chances of a direct hit were forecast at 17% (with strike probability rising to 29% by August 28). This scenario was considered a potential disaster because 80% of the New Orleans metropolitan area is below sea level along Lake Pontchartrain. Since the storm surge produced by the hurricane's right-front quadrant (containing the strongest winds) was more than 20 ft (6 m) near Biloxi, emergency management officials in New Orleans feared that the storm surge could go over the tops of levees protecting the city, causing major flooding. This risk of devastation had been known for some time; previous studies by FEMA and the Army Corps of Engineers had warned that a direct hurricane strike on New Orleans could lead to massive flooding, which would lead to thousands of drowning deaths, as well as many more suffering from disease and dehydration, as the flood waters slowly retreated from the city.

At a news conference 10:00 AM on August 28, shortly after Katrina was upgraded to a Category 5 storm, New Orleans mayor Ray Nagin ordered the first ever mandatory evacuation of the city, calling Katrina, "a storm that most of us have long feared". To speed up the evacuations, authorities used contraflow lane reversal on Interstate 10 leading west of New Orleans, as well as on Interstate 55 and Interstate 59 leading north from the city. The city government also established several "refuges of last resort" for citizens who could not leave the city, including the massive Louisiana Superdome, which housed approximately 26,000 people with food and water for several days as the storm came ashore. The Louisiana National Guard delivered three truckloads of water and seven truckloads of MRE's to the Superdome, enough to supply 15,000 people for three days.

Louisiana's hurricane evacuation plan calls for local governments in areas along and near the coast to call for evacuations in three phases, starting with the immediate coast 50 hours before the start of tropical storm force winds. Persons in areas designated Phase II begin evacuating 40 hours before the onset of tropical storm winds and those in Phase III areas (including New Orleans) evacuate 30 hours before the start of such winds.

However, many parishes were not able to provide sufficient transportation for citizens who did not have private means of evacuation, and many private care-taking facilities who relied on the same bus companies and ambulance services for evacuation were unable to evacuate their charges. Fuel and rental cars were in short supply and many forms of public transportation had been shut down well before the storm arrived. The end result was that hundreds of thousands of residents and tourists were unable to evacuate and remained in the city. Nonetheless, some estimates claimed that 90-92% of the 1.3 million residents of the New Orleans metropolitan region evacuated including 80% of Orleans parish.



Waterford Nuclear Generating Station

The Waterford Steam Electric Station, Unit 3, also known as Waterford 3, is a nuclear power station located on a 3,000-acre (12-km²) up-river from Hahnville, Louisiana, in St. Charles Parish.


Passenger car

A passenger car (North America) is a type of railway rolling stock that is designed to carry passengers. In British English it may be called a coach or carriage.

McComb, Mississippi

McComb is a city in Pike County, Mississippi, about 80 miles south of Jackson, just off of Interstate 55. As of the 2020 census, 12,413 people lived there, nearly the same as in the 1980 census (12,331). It is the principal city of the McComb, Mississippi Micropolitan Statistical Area. McComb was founded in 1872 after Henry Simpson McComb of the New Orleans, Jackson and Great Northern Railroad (which would become the Illinois Central Railroad and now a part of the Canadian National Railway), decided to move the railroad's maintenance shops away from New Orleans, Louisiana, to avoid the New Orleans' saloons.

Singer Britney Spears was born in McComb.


Checkpoint Charlie

Checkpoint Charlie was one of three places where people could travel from the Western occupied sectors of Germany and Berlin to the Soviet occupied sectors.

These places were called checkpoints because they were places where passports and identities were checked.

As it was the only crossing point there were sometimes queues of people waiting to cross. But military traffic was never stopped, because Berlin was supposed to be under the control of all four wartime allies.

After the end of the Cold War, and the reunification of Germany the checkpoints were no longer needed. The big concrete buildings of Checkpoint Bravo are now used by the German Customs Service . Checkpoint Charlie was only a wooden hut in the street. It was moved to what is now the Allied Museum at 110 Clayallee, and a small replica put up in Kochstraße. The fake checkpoint is very popular with tourists who have their photographs taken in front of it.


Customs

Most countries have a Customs Service. The customs service works mostly at ports, airports and the countries borders to make sure that people do not bring things into the country which are banned, or that the right amount of tax has been paid on goods that can be "imported" (brought into the country).

Some customs officers work at a post office. They do not meet the public, they examine letters and parcels which have been sent from outside the country, to make sure nothing illegal is being brought into the country.

In the United Kingdom the customs service was called "Customs and Excise". This is because it was once two separate bodies. The Customs service collected tax (called customs duty) on goods being brought into the country, for example brandy from France or tea from India. The Excise service collected tax (called excise duty) on goods made in the country, for example Scotch whisky or Irish whiskey. Today all cars and lorries must pay a tax to be allowed to drive on the road. Although most people call this "road tax" or "car tax", it is officially called "vehicle excise duty".

Whisky

Whisky, or whiskey, is an alcoholic drink distilled from grain and aged in wooden .

The name comes from a gaelic word. In Ireland, it is called whiskey, with an added letter 'e'. Whiskey made in the United States often uses the Irish spelling.

There are many kinds of whisky, of which most important are:


Most whiskys contain around 40% alcohol.

Scotch whisky is legally defined by Scotch Whisky Order of 1990 (UK), and the Scotch Whisky Act of 1988.

These say that Scotch whisky must:

Alcohol is a favorite way to collect tax (called excise duty) in the United Kingdom. When Gordon Brown, a Scot, became Chancellor of the Exchequer, he concentrated on taxing beers and wines, and did not increased the duty on whisky. This, he said, was to help the Scotch whisky industry to recover, increase exports and make more money.

Iocaste (moon)

Iocaste or ', is a non-spherical moon of Jupiter. It was found by a team of astronomers from the University of Hawaii led by Scott S. Sheppard in 2000, and given the designation '.

Iocaste orbits Jupiter at an average distance of 20,723,000 km in 609.427 days, at an inclination of 147° to the ecliptic (146° to Jupiter's equator) with an orbital eccentricity of 0.2874.

It was named in October 2002 after Jocasta, the mother/wife of Oedipus in Greek mythology.

Iocaste belongs to the Ananke group, believed to be the remnants of a break-up of a captured asteroid.

The moon is about 5 kilometres in diameter and appears grey, similar to C-type asteroids.



Chaldene (moon)

Chaldene or ', is a non-spherical moon of Jupiter. It was found by a team of astronomers from the University of Hawaii led by Scott S. Sheppard, "et al." in 2000, and given the designation '.

Chaldene is about 3.8 kilometres in diameter, and orbits Jupiter at an average distance of 22,713,000 km in 699.327 days, at an inclination of 167° to the ecliptic (169° to Jupiter's equator), with an orbital eccentricity of 0.2916.

It was named in October 2002 after Chaldene, the mother of Solymos by Zeus in Greek mythology.

It belongs to the Carme group, made up of non-spherical retrograde moons orbiting Jupiter at a distance ranging between 23,000,000 and 24,000,000 km and at an inclination of about 165°.

Amanda Jenssen

Amanda Jenssen (born September 12, 1988) was the first runner up at Pop idol Sweden 2007. Her first album was released in 2008 and became a number 1 album on the charts.

Erinome (moon)

Erinome or , is a non-spherical moon of Jupiter. It was found by a team of astronomers from the University of Hawaii led by Scott S. Sheppard "et al." in 2000, and given the designation .

Erinome is about 3.2 kilometres in diameter, and orbits Jupiter at an average distance of 22,986,000 km in 711.965 days, at an inclination of 164° to the ecliptic (162° to Jupiter's equator), with an orbital eccentricity of 0.2552.

It was named in October, 2002 after the Roman mythological Erinome, a lover of Jupiter.

Erinome belongs to the Carme group, made up of non-spherical retrograde moons orbiting Jupiter at a distance ranging between 23,000,000 and 24,000,000 km and at an inclination of about 165°.

Aoede (moon)

Aoede or ', is a moon of Jupiter. It was found by a team of astronomers from the University of Hawaii led by Scott S. Sheppard in 2003. It received the designation '.

Aoede is about in diameter, and orbits Jupiter at an average distance of in 714.657 days, at an inclination of 160° to the ecliptic (162° to Jupiter's equator), with an of 0.6012.

It was named in March 2005 after Aœde, one of the three original Muses. Aœde was the Muse of song, and was a daughter of Zeus (Jupiter) by Mnemosyne.

Aoede belongs to the Pasiphaë group, non-spherical retrograde moons orbiting Jupiter at distances ranging between and , and with inclinations ranging between 144.5° and 158.3°.

Italian Wikipedia

The Italian Wikipedia () is the Italian-language edition of Wikipedia. This edition was started on 11 May 2001 and has over articles. It is currently the 8th largest edition by article count.

Volunteers on the Italian Wikipedia decided they did not like a proposed law before the Italian Parliament. The proposal was from 4 to 6 October 2011. During this time, all of the site's articles were hidden. Wikipedia's administrators blocked the website which was being debated at the time in the Chamber of Deputies of the Italian Parliament.

This was the first time that a Wikipedia had blanked all its content to protest. The Wikimedia Foundation released a statement on 4 October. The Foundation Board officially supported the short closing of Italian Wikipedia. In October 2011, the manifesto, which replaced the Italian Wikipedia, had been viewed approximately 19 million times. On 6 October 2011, the website content was put back. Wikipedia added a banner across the top of each page explaining the reason for the protest.

Italian newspaper Il Tempo journalist Alberto Di Majo described the closure of the Italian-language Wikipedia as an "unexpected merit" of the proposed law. Some people questioned whether a non-profit United States foundation should try to change laws written in Italy.

Quraysh

Quraysh or Quraish was the dominant tribe of Mecca upon the appearance of the religion of Islam. 

It was the tribe to which the Islamic Prophet Muhammad belonged and which led the opposition to his message. Not very much of this tribe followed Islam.



Arche (moon)

Arche or ', is a moon of Jupiter. It was found by a team of astronomers from the University of Hawaii led by Scott S. Sheppard in 2002, and got the designation '.

Arche is about 3 kilometres in diameter, and orbits Jupiter at an average distance of 23,717,000 km in 746.185 days, at an inclination of 165° to the ecliptic (162° to Jupiter's equator), with an orbital eccentricity of 0.149.

It was named in 2005 after Arche, whom some Greek writers described as one of the four original Muses, an addition to the earlier three (Aoede, Melete, and Mneme).

Arche belongs to the Carme group, made up of non-spherical retrograde moons orbiting Jupiter at a distance ranging between 23,000,000 and 24,000,000 km and at an inclination of about 165°.

Eukelade

Eukelade or ', is a non-spherical moon of Jupiter. It was found by a team of astronomers from the University of Hawaii led by Scott S. Sheppard in 2003, and got the designation '.

Eukelade is about 4 kilometres in diameter, and orbits Jupiter at an average distance of 23,484,000 km in 735.200 days, at an inclination of 164° to the ecliptic (165° to Jupiter's equator), with an orbital eccentricity of 0.2829.

It was named in March 2005 after Eukelade, described by some Greek writers as one of the Muses, and thus a daughter of Zeus (Jupiter).

Eukelade belongs to the Carme group, made up of non-spherical retrograde moons orbiting Jupiter at a distance ranging between 23,000,000 and 24,000,000 km and at an inclination of about 165°.

Quraysh (surah)

Surat Quraysh (Arabic: سورة قريش ) (after the tribe of Quraysh) is the 106th chapter of the Qur'an. It is a Makkah sura that consists of four ayat. It urges the Quraysh tribe who dominated Mecca to serve Allah, who had protected them, for the sake of their own future.


Sura

Surah (sometimes spelt sura or surat ('), plural suwar ) is an Arabic term that literally means "something enclosed or surrounded by a fence or wall." 

A surah is a "chapter" of the Qur'an. They are traditionally ordered in order of length and begin with the shortest. Each surah is named for a word or name mentioned in an ayah (section), of that 'surah'. 

The 114 surahs are:




Kore (moon)

Kore or ' is a moon of Jupiter. It was found by a team of astronomers from the University of Hawaii led by Scott S. Sheppard in 2003 and given the designation '.

Kore is about 2 kilometers in diameter, and orbits Jupiter at an average distance of 23,239,000 km in 723.720 days, at an inclination of 141° to the ecliptic (139° to Jupiter's equator), with an orbital eccentricity of 0.2462.

It belongs, which is made up of non-spherical retrograde moon
It was named after Kore, another name for the Greek goddess Persephone (from the Greek κόρη, "daughter [of Demeter]").

Chapter

Chapter could mean:

Chapter could also mean:

Chapter (books)

A chapter is one of the main divisions of a piece of writing of some length, such as a book. Chapters can be numbered in the case of such writings as law code (see "Chapter 7" or "Chapter 11") or they can be titled. For example, the first chapters of some well-known novels are titled:

Many novels of great length do not have chapters. Non-fiction books, especially those used for reference, almost always have chapters for ease of navigation. In these works, chapters are often subdivided into sections. The chapters of reference works are almost always listed in a table of contents. Novels sometimes use a table of contents, but not always.
In ancient civilizations, books were often in the form of papyrus scrolls, which contained about the same amount of text as a typical chapter in a modern book. This is the reason chapters in recent reproductions and translations of works of these periods are often presented as "Book 1", "Book 2", etc.

Tracks on a DVD or laserdisc are also called chapters.

Sura (disambiguation)

Sura can refer to:

632

632 was a leap year.



Sponde (moon)

Sponde or ', is a moon of Jupiter. It was found by a team of astronomers from the University of Hawaii led by Scott S. Sheppard in 2001, and given the designation '.

Sponde is about 2 kilometres in diameter, and orbits Jupiter at an average distance of 24,253,000 km in 771.604 days, at an inclination of 154° to the ecliptic (156° to Jupiter's equator), with an orbital eccentricity of 0.443.

It was named in August 2003 after one of the Horae (Hours), which presided over the seventh hour (libations poured after lunch). The Hours, goddesses of the time of day but also of the seasons, were daughters of Zeus (Jupiter) and Themis.

It belongs to the Pasiphaë group, non-spherical retrograde moons orbiting Jupiter at distances ranging between 22,800,000 and 24,100,000 km, and with inclinations ranging between 144.5° and 158.3°.

Battle of Uhud

The Battle of Uhud () was fought on 23 March 625 (3 Shawwal 3 AH of the Islamic calendar) at Mount Uhud, in what is now north-western Saudi Arabia. It occurred between a force from the Muslim community of Medina led by Prophet Muhammad, and a force led by Abu Sufyan from Mecca, the town from which many of the Muslims had previously emigrated ("hijra"). The Battle of Uhud was the second military encounter between the Meccans and the Muslims, after the Battle of Badr in 624, where a small Muslim army had defeated the larger Meccan army. 

For the Muslims, the battle was a big setback.

Prophet Muhammad had preached the religion of Islam in Mecca from 613 to 622. He had attracted a small community of followers, but also had opposition from the rest of the Quraysh, the clan that ruled Mecca and to which he belonged. The Muslims fled Mecca in 622 after years of persecution and established themselves at Medina (formerly known as "Yathrib"). They considered themselves to be in a state of war with Mecca and raided Meccan caravans that had Muslim belongings left in Mecca. The Meccans sent out a small army to punish the Muslims and stop their raiding. At the Battle of Badr in 624, a small Muslim force had defeated the much larger Meccan army. 

Many Muslims considered this battle's victory a proof that they had been favored by God (Arabic: Allah), and believed they were assured such victories in the future.

Quraysh soldiers met the Muslims at Uhud. Abu Sufyan and his Army flanked the Muslims, 'Amr ibn al-'As was leading the Muslim Cavalry then he fought against them, Muslim archers threw rocks at the Quraysh, they were forced to go back. The person who holds the Quraysh Flag was charging and he fought Ali ibn Abi Talib and then he was hit in the shoulder. Then Hamza ibn ‘Abd al-Muttalib came in and fought many people.



625

625 was a common year.




Battle of Badr

The Battle of Badr (), was fought March 13, 624 CE of western Arabia (present-day Saudi Arabia). It was a key battle in the early days of Islam and a turning point in Muhammad's struggle with his opponents among the Quraysh in Mecca. The battle has been passed down in Islamic history as a decisive victory because of divine intervention. Also, it is attributed to the genius of Muhammad. Although it is one of the few battles specifically mentioned in the Muslim holy book, the Qur'an, virtually all contemporary knowledge of the battle at Badr comes from traditional Islamic accounts, both hadiths and biographies of Muhammad, written decades after the battle.





Hermippe (moon)

Hermippe or ', is a moon of Jupiter. It was found by a team of astronomers from the University of Hawaii led by Scott S. Sheppard in 2001, and given the designation '.

Hermippe is about 4 kilometres in diameter, and orbits Jupiter at an average distance of 21,182,000 km in 629.809 days, at an orbital inclination of 151° to the ecliptic (149° to Jupiter's equator), with an eccentricity of 0.2290.

It was named in August 2003 by the IAU, after Hermippe, a lover of Zeus (Jupiter).

Hermippe belongs to the Ananke group, retrograde non-spherical moons which orbit Jupiter between 19,300,000 and 22,700,000 km, at inclinations of about 150°.

Ceasefire

A ceasefire (or truce) is a stoppage of a war or any armed conflict, where each side of the conflict agrees with the other to stop aggressive actions for some time. Ceasefires may be declared as part of a formal peace treaty, but they have also been called part of an informal understanding between opposing forces.

On December 24, 1914, during World War I, there was an unofficial ceasefire as both the Germans and the British sought to observe Christmas (the "Christmas Truce"). There was no treaty signed, and after a few days the war resumed.

A ceasefire was reached on July 27, 1953 to halt the conflict of the Korean War and establish a demilitarized zone. But no peace treaty has been signed. Therefore, officially North and South Korea are still at war.

Pakistan's government has repeatedly claimed that the Republic of India is violating the Simla Agreement by constructing a fence along the cesefire line in the Kashmir Conflict. Then-Pakistani President and ex-Army Chief of Army Staff (Pakistan) Pervez Musharraf promised in 2002 to curb infiltration into the Territorial dispute. After the November 2003 ceasefire line agreement, building resumed and was completed in late 2004. LoC fencing was completed in Kashmir Valley and Jammu region on 30 September 2004. According to Indian Military sources, the fence has reduced by 80% the numbers of militants who routinely cross into the occupied territory of the disputed state to attack Indian soldiers.

Another example of a ceasefire in the Israeli–Palestinian conflict was announced between the State of Israel and the Palestinian National Authority on February 8, 2005. When announced, chief Palestinian negotiator Saeb Erekat publicly defined the ceasefire as follows: "We have agreed that today President Mahmoud Abbas will declare a full cessation of violence against Israelis anywhere and Prime Minister Ariel Sharon will declare a full cessation of violence and military activities against Palestinians anywhere."


Khalid ibn al-Walid

Khalid ibn al-Walid (; died 642), also known as Sayf Allah ('Sword of God', was a Rashidun military general who led the Muslim conquests of Syria the 7th century. 

He is famous for his military success, as he commanded the forces of Muhammad and of his immediate successors Abu Bakr and Umar ibn al-Khattab. He won 28 of his confirmed battles against the numerically superior forces of the Byzantine Roman Empire, Sassanid Persian Empire, and their allies. His greatest strategic achievements were his quick conquest of the Persian Empire and conquest of Roman Syria within three years from 633 to 636. His greatest tactical achievements were his successful double envelopment manoeuver at Walaja and his victories at Ullais and Yarmouk.



Tactic

Tactic could mean:


Military tactics

Military tactics () are the art of organizing an army and the techniques for using weapons or military units to fight an enemy in battle. Tactics are distinct from strategy, which concerns a longer time scale. They have changed over time, mainly because of changes in military technology.

Tactics are methods to use military forces in combat and include basically many types of the military operations such as frontal assaults, attempts to flank the enemy, the keeping of troops in reserve, and the use of ambushes. Specialized tactics exist for many situations, such as securing a room or individual building, to large-scale operations, such as establishing air superiority over a region or the use of shock tactics.

Military tactics are used at all levels of command, from individual and group up to entire armed forces. The military theorist Carl von Clausewitz said "tactics is the art of using troops in battle; strategy is the art of using battles to win the war."



Geneva Conference

Several international or multinational conferences have been called the Geneva Conference, because they were held in the city of Geneva, Switzerland. These conferences include:



Marching band

A marching band is a band of instrumental musicians who march while playing instruments.

They combine movement – usually some type of marching and other movements – with their musical performance. The music usually has a strong rhythmic component suitable for marching. Marching bands use a uniform, often bearing the name and emblem of their organization. Most bands have a color guard, who perform with flags, swords, rifles and other props. 

In addition to traditional parade performances, many bands also perform field shows at special events (such as football games) or at competitions.

Its instruments typically are brass instruments, woodwinds, and percussion instruments.

Instruments found in marching bands include:




Hergiswil

Hergiswil is a municipality in the canton of Nidwalden in Switzerland.

It was founded in 1378.

The main sights of Hergiswil are: an old clergy house, the church, the chapel "Maria zum guten Rat", old mansion "Thumigerhaus", and a glazier's workshop with museum. The workshop was established in 1817. It burned down on one occasion.


Max Bruch

Max Christian Friedrich Bruch (6 January 1838–2 October 1920) also known as Max Karl August Bruch, was a German Romantic composer and conductor who wrote over 200 works, including three violin concertos, one of which is a staple of the violin repertoire.

Bruch was born in Cologne. He had a long career as a teacher, conductor and composer, moving among musical posts in Germany: Mannheim (1862-1864), Koblenz (1865-1867), Sondershausen, (1867-1870) Berlin (1870-1872), Bonn, where he spent 1873 -1878 working privately. At the height of his reputation he spent three seasons as conductor of the Royal Liverpool Philharmonic Society (1880-83). He taught composition at the "Berlin Hochschule für Musik" (the Berlin Conservatoire) from 1890 until his retirement in 1910.

His conservatively structured works, in the German romantic musical tradition, placed him in the camp of Romantic classicism exemplified by Johannes Brahms, rather than the opposing "New Music" of Franz Liszt and Richard Wagner. In his time, he was known primarily as a choral composer.

His "Violin Concerto No. 1 in G minor", Op. 26 (1868) is one of the most popular Romantic violin concertos. It uses several techniques from Felix Mendelssohn's "Violin Concerto in E minor".


Oberdorf, Nidwalden

Oberdorf is a municipality of the canton of Nidwalden in Switzerland. 

The economy of Oberdorf is mainly based in agriculture. The main sight of Oberdorf is the Benedictine convent Maria-Rickenbach. The convent can only be reached by cable car.


Postgraduate education

Postgraduate is the name for someone who is doing further education, after obtaining both a Bachelor's degree and a Master's degree from a university. A typical form of this kind of education is a doctoral thesis, or Ph.D. Another such degree is probably the Master level of the revised Bologna system. Masters can be done in about 1.5 years after doing a bachelors degree, theses usually take 3–4 years, after the master level.


Stans

Stans is the capital city of the canton of Nidwalden in Switzerland. It has a population of 7,300 people. The area of Stans is 11 km².

Stans was first noted in 1172. In 1798, it was attacked by French troops, followed the decision of Nidwalden not to adapt a new constitution. Children whose parents were killed by this event were gathered by the teacher Johann Heinrich Pestalozzi for his first school. The open-air assembly ("Landsgemeinde") was held in Stans each year until 1997.

The main sights of Stans are:


Stansstad

Stansstad is a municipality in the canton of Nidwalden in Switzerland.

The main sights of Stansstad are: a museum of the buildings, a tower ("Schnitzturm"), and the chaper "Marie Linden" in "Kehrsiten".


Wolfenschiessen

Wolfenschiessen is a municipality of the canton of Nidwalden in Switzerland.

The main sights of Wolfenschiessen are: the parish church "St. Maria", the chapel "St. Joder" in "Altzellen", the mansions "Hechhuis", and the "Grossitz" mansion.


Bischofszell

Bischofszell is a municipality of the district of Weinfelden in the canton of Thurgau in the country of Switzerland. It has a population of 5,500 people.

The local industry is Bischofszell Konserven. It now belongs to Migros. They make jams, fruit juices, various cans, convenience food, among them Anna's Best. 

Diessenhofen

Diessenhofen is a municipality of the district of Frauenfeld in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.

Münchwilen, Thurgau

Münchwilen is a municipality and capital city of the district of Münchwilen in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.

Arbon

Arbon is a municipality and capital city of the district of Arbon in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.

The shores of Lake Constance near Arbon have been inhabited since the Stone Age. Archaeological digs in 1885 and 1944 uncovered stilt houses from the Stone and Bronze Ages. At first, it was assumed that these were built over water, since they were raised on stilts. However, it is now known that they were on the shore and were built because the ground was swampy.

During Roman times, "Bergli" was probably a Roman fort. The raised situation and view over the lake were strategically important. Since 1957, regular excavations have shown the remains of late Roman fortifications. The Latin name of Arbon, "Arbor Felix" (meaning "happy tree"), first appears in the "Itinerarium Antonini" in 300. According to the chronicles of Ammianus Marcellinus, Emperor Gratian went to Arbon in 378, and stayed there until 401.

In the 8th century, the area became part of the territory of the Franks.

In 610, Irish monks who were followers of Columban of Luxeuil settled in Arbon. They started a small Christian settlement called "Castrum" there. One of these monks was St. Gallus, the founder of the monastery of St. Gallen. He died in 627 in Arbon. In 720, a fortification on the site of the present castle was built by a Frankish troop. The foundations of this early fortress remain.

Arbon belonged to the territory of the Bishop of Constance. In 1255, Bishop Eberhard von Waldburg gave Arbon a dispensation for market rights in the area and built the city wall. People moved in from the surrounding farms. From 1262 to 1264, and again in 1266, the young Duke of Swabia, Conradin of Hohenstaufen, was in Arbon because the Bishop of Constance was his guardian. The surrounding towns of Steinach, Mörschwil, Horn, Goldach, Egnach, Roggwil, and Steinebrunn all belonged to the parish of Arbon.

The 14th century saw further growth. Linen production and other crafts developed. Between 1322 and 1334, Bishop Rudolf von Montfort rebuilt the crumbling fortress. A fire of unknown cause in 1390 destroyed much of the "Altstadt". A second fire in 1494 was set by the sons of a hanged thief.

When Thurgau was conquered by the Swiss "Eidgenossen" in 1460, the Bishops of Constance retained Arbon. In the Swabian War of 1499, they lost civil rights over the territory, retaining only ecclesiastical supremacy. Arbon then became part of the Old Swiss Confederacy.

The castle of Arbon in its present form was built in 1515 by Bishop Hugo von Hohenlandenberg. The tower is older and dates to 993.

In 1525, the first stirrings of the Reformation reached Arbon. In 1537, the reformed congregation was forced to return the church of St. Martin to the Catholic Church and meet in the chapel in Erdhausen, although only a small minority of the population remained Catholic. Religious conflict continued until the 18th century. In 1712, Thurgau declared equality for the various faiths.

In the 18th century, the linen and embroidery industry was established in Arbon. The industrialists built attractive villas in the area, such as the «Rotes Haus» built in 1750.

In 1798, Thurgau was occupied by French troops, along with much of the rest of Switzerland. The adoption of the Swiss constitution ended Arbon's dependence on the Bishops of Constance. The Bishop's representative, Franz Xaver Wirz von Rudenz, was forced to leave the city. In 1803, Arbon became part of the new canton of Thurgau. From 1803 to 1815, Arbon and Horn (an exclave in the canton of St. Gallen) were united in one municipality.

In the 19th century, Arbon developed into an economic and manufacturing center. This occurred because of the pioneering efforts of industrialist Franz Saurer, who move his foundry from St. Gallen to Arbon in 1863. Starting in 1888, his factory built all kinds of machinery and motors. Until 1983, the factory produced trucks and buses, and until 1986 military vehicles. Today, the factory produces only textile machinery. At its high point, the factory employed 5000 workers. The population grew from 660 in 1844 to over 10,000 at the turn of the century.

Since the beginning of the 20th century, Arbon has had a large non-Swiss minority. Tensions between ethnic groups led to riots with several fatalities in 1902.

In 1911, Arbon was the site of the International Socialist Congress. From the 1920s to the 1950s, the Social Democratic majority held power in the city, and it was known as "red Arbon".

The population of the city of Arbon is about 13,000 people.


Aadorf

Aadorf is a municipality of the district of Münchwilen in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.

With a population of 7,436 people (as of 2005), it is the canton's seventh largest municipality.


Genius

A genius is a person who is exceptionally intelligent. People may have different ideas of how clever one has to be in order to be called a “genius”. A genius may be extremely clever at maths or science or games such as chess, or they may be creative geniuses who are brilliant writers, musicians or artists. 

Albert Einstein is perhaps the world’s most famous genius. He was extraordinarily good at math, but in other areas, such as languages, he was not particularly good. Leonardo da Vinci and Johann Wolfgang von Goethe were geniuses who can also be described as polymaths because they were brilliant in lots of different subjects. Geniuses are usually child prodigies, i.e., they already show they are a genius when they are young children.

Genius is not quite the same as talent. Talent means the ability to learn a particular skill very quickly. A genius, on the other hand, is also very creative and able to do things that no one else has thought of.

Some geniuses, such as Goethe, are very sensible, reliable people who are good at organizing their lives. However, there are many geniuses who have unusual personalities. They may be very absent-minded, they may not have much common sense, or they may suffer at times from depression and changes of mood.

Affeltrangen

Affeltrangen is a municipality in Weinfelden in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.


Altnau

Altnau is a municipality of the district of Kreuzlingen in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.

Amlikon-Bissegg

Amlikon-Bissegg is a municipality of the district of Weinfelden in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.

Amriswil

Amriswil is a municipality of the district of Arbon in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.


Taygete (moon)

Taygete or ' is a non-spherical moon of Jupiter. It was found by a team of astronomers from the University of Hawaii led by Scott S. Sheppard, "et al." in 2000, and given the designation '.

Taygete is about 5 kilometres in diameter, and orbits Jupiter at an average distance of 22,439,000 km in 686.675 days, at an inclination of 165° to the ecliptic (163° to Jupiter's equator), with an orbital eccentricity of 0.3678.

It was named in October 2002 after Taygete, one of the Pleiades, daughter of the Titan Atlas and mother of Lacedaemon by Zeus (Jupiter).

It belongs to the Carme group, made up of non-spherical retrograde moons orbiting Jupiter at a distance ranging between 23,000,000 and 24,000,000 km and at an inclination of about 165°.

Glarus

Glarus could mean different places.

Betschwanden

Betschwanden is a former municipality, in the municipality of Glarus Süd and canton of Glarus in Switzerland.


Canton of Glarus

Glarus is a canton in east Switzerland. The capital is Glarus. In 2010, the 25 communes were merged to only three: Glarus, Glarus Nord, and Glarus Süd. Officially, Glarus is a German-speaking canton; of the roughly 40.000 people, 83.6 percent are German-speaking, and 6.8 percent speak Italian. According to a statistical survey done in 2000, 44% of the population are Protestant (including Jehovas Witnesses, and the New Apostolic Church), 37.3% are Roman Catholic, 6.5% are Muslims, 6.5% are non-believers, 2.3% are either Eastern orthodox or Oriental orthodox and 3.7% belonged to other communities or did not say.

The canton of Glarus is dominated by the deep valley of the Linth River. Most of the area is mountainous. The total area of the canton of Glarus is 685 km².

The history of this canton is dominated by religion. The people who lived in the Linth Valley were converted to Christianity in the 6th century by the Irish monk Saint Fridolin. He is still in the coat of arms of the canton today. He started Säckingen Abbey near Basel. The area around Glarus was owned by the abbey starting in the 9th century. By 1288, the Habsburgs slowly took over all the abbey's rights. Then the people of Glarus joined the Swiss Confederation in 1352.

Between 1506 and 1516, the reformer Huldrych Zwingli was a priest in Glarus. By 1564, all of Zwingli's followers were eliminated, but the Protestants and Catholics there still fought with each other. To make peace it was decided that each side should have its own assembly ("Landsgemeinde") in 1623. In 1683, each side was granted the right to have its own tribunals.

Between 1798 and 1803, Glarus was part of the Canton of Linth made by Napoleon. In 1836 the constitution was changed to unite the assemblies and establish only one "Landsgemeinde".

About two thirds of Glarus (593 buildings) were destroyed after a big fire in 1861. After the fire, Glarus was rebuilt in block fashion according to construction plans by Bernhard Simon and Johann Caspar Wolff.

On May 6, 2007 Glarus became the first Swiss canton to lower the voting age to 16.

The land of the canton helped to make slate works in the 1600s.

The 25 municipalities ("gemeinden") were:


Mendrisio District

The district of Mendrisio is the southernmost district of canton of Ticino and of Switzerland.

The district of Mendrisio has 27 municipalities divided in 5 circles ("circoli"):

Chert

Chert is a type of rock that includes flint and agate. It sometimes has fossils in it, usually shells. It is a sedimentary rock, and it is very hard. It is made from quartz. People used chert to make arrow heads because it was hard and sharp when broken. The color of chertz is usually white or gray, but can be red, yellow or dark grey. If there is a lot of iron oxide in the chert it can be dark red; this type of chert is called "jasper."

Mendrisio

Mendrisio is a municipality of the district of Mendrisio in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.

Mendrisio is the seat of the Accademia di Architettura of the university of Italian-speaking Switzerland (USI).

The municipality was created on 4 April 2004, when it incorporated the former municipality of Salorino. On 5 April 2009, it incorporated the former municipalities of Arzo, Capolago, Genestrerio, Rancate and Tremona. On 14 April 2013, the former municipalities of Besazio, Ligornetto and Meride merged into the municipality of Mendrisio.


Coldrerio

Coldrerio is a municipality of the district of Mendrisio in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.

Franciscan Assemblage

The Franciscan Assemblage is a term in geology that describes a group of rocks near the peninsula of San Francisco, California.

Genestrerio

Genestrerio was a municipality of the district of Mendrisio in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland. On 5 April 2009, the former municipalities of Arzo, Capolago, Genestrerio, Mendrisio, Rancate and Tremona merged into the municipality of Mendrisio.

Sonoma Coast State Beach

Sonoma Coast State Beach is a series of beaches in Sonoma County, California. The beaches are protected as the Sonoma Coast State Park. It extends for about along the Pacific Coast, from Bodega Head in Bodega to just north of Goat Rock Beach.

The nearest town is Jenner. The coastline consists of a number of named beaches, including Arched Rock Beach, Jenner Beach, Blind Beach, Goat Beach and Goat Rock Beach. Goat Beach is known for being one of the most dangerous surfing spots in California because of its powerful waves, and it is recommended to not go near the water when visiting the beach. Jenner Beach got attention in August 2004 when two Christian youth camp counselors, 22-year-old Lindsay Cutshall and 26-year-old Jason Allen, were found dead. Both had been shot in the head at close range. The murders have not been solved. 


Canton of Bern

The Swiss canton of Bern has about 947,000 people. The canton is in west-central Switzerland and the city of Bern is its capital.

As of April 2004, there are 398 municipalities of the canton of Bern within the following 26 administrative districts:



Aarberg District

The district of Aarberg is a district of the canton of Bern, Switzerland. The capital is the town of Aarberg. There are 12 municipalities in the district covering an area of 153 km²:

Aarberg

Aarberg is a municipality in Seeland in the canton of Berne in Switzerland.


Bargen, Bern

Bargen is a municipality in the administrative district of Seeland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

It is a parish and is now part of the district of Aarberg. Its official language is German.

Coast Miwok

The Coast Miwok were a Native American tribe who lived in what is now Northern California.

Pomo

The Pomo were a Native American tribe who lived in what is now Northern California by Russian River. Pomo is a language family that includeds seven languages, including Northern Pomo, Northeastern Pomo, Eastern Pomo, Southeastern Pomo, and Kashaya. The pomo tribe were hunters and gatherers. The men hunted meat and fish, while the women and the children gatherd nuts and berries. The Pomo villages might have had as few as 100 or more than 1,500. They wove finely crafted baskets and sometimes decorated them with feathers and shell beads.

Euporie (moon)

Euporie or ' is a moon of Jupiter. It was found by a team of astronomers from the University of Hawaii led by Scott S. Sheppard in 2001, and given the designation '.

Euporie is about 2 kilometres in diameter, and orbits Jupiter at an average distance of 19,088,000 km in 538.780 days, at an inclination of 145° to the ecliptic (145° to Jupiter's equator), with an orbital eccentricity of 0.0960.

It was named in August 2003 after Euporie, a Greek goddess of abundance and one of the Horae in Greek mythology (and thus a daughter of Zeus).

It is the closest member of the Ananke group, retrograde non-spherical moons which orbit Jupiter between 19,300,000 and 22,700,000 km, at inclinations of about 150°.

Autonoe (moon)

Autonoe or ', is a moon of Jupiter. It was found by a team of astronomers from the University of Hawaii led by Scott S. Sheppard in 2001, and given the designation '.

Autonoe is about 4 kilometres in diameter, and orbits Jupiter at an average distance of 24,264,000 km in 772.168 days, at an inclination of 151° to the ecliptic (150° to Jupiter's equator), with an orbital eccentricity of 0.369.

It belongs to the Pasiphaë group, non-spherical retrograde moons orbiting Jupiter at distances ranging between 22,800,000 and 24,100,000 km, and with inclinations ranging between 144.5° and 158.3°.

Autonoe was named in August 2003 after the Greek mythological figure Autonoe, conquest of Zeus (Jupiter), mother of the Charites (Gracies), according to some authors.

Hegemone (moon)

Hegemone or ', is a moon of Jupiter. It was found by a team of astronomers from the University of Hawaii led by Scott S. Sheppard in 2003, and given the designation '.

Hegemone is about 3 kilometres in diameter, and orbits Jupiter at an average distance of 23,703,000 km in 745.500 days, at an inclination of 153° to the ecliptic (151° to Jupiter's equator), with an orbital eccentricity of 0.4077.

It was named in March 2005 after Hegemone, one of the Graces, and a daughter of Zeus (Jupiter).

Hegemone belongs to the Pasiphaë group, non-spherical retrograde moons orbiting Jupiter at distances ranging between 22,800,000 and 24,100,000 km, and with inclinations ranging between 144.5° and 158.3°.

Season 2 Episode 11 of the expanse saw the hero ship hiding behind the moon

Euanthe (moon)

Euanthe or ' is a moon of Jupiter which is not fully round. It was found by a team of astronomers from the University of Hawaii led by Scott S. Sheppard in 2001. It was given the designation '.

Euanthe is about 3 kilometres in diameter. It orbits Jupiter at an average distance of 20,465,000 km in 598.093 days. This orbit is at an inclination of 143° to the ecliptic (142° to Jupiter's equator) with an orbital eccentricity of 0.2001.

It was named in August 2003 after Euanthe, who was the mother of the Graces, according to some Greek writers.

Euanthe is in the Ananke group, retrograde non-spherical moons which orbit Jupiter between 19,300,000 and 22,700,000 km, at inclinations of about 150°.

Kalyke (moon)

Kalyke or ', is a non-spherical moon of Jupiter. It was found by a team of astronomers from the University of Hawaii led by Scott S. Sheppard, et al. in 2000, and given the designation '.

Kalyke is about 5.2 kilometres in diameter, and orbits Jupiter at an average distance of 23,181,000 km in 721.021 days, at an inclination of 166° to the ecliptic (165° to Jupiter's equator), with an orbital eccentricity of 0.2140.

It was named in October 2002 after the Greek mythological figure Kalyke or Calyce.

It belongs to the Carme group, made up of non-spherical retrograde moons orbiting Jupiter at a distance ranging between 23,000,000 and 24,000,000 km and at an inclination of about 165°.

Megaclite (moon)

Megaclite or ', is a moon of Jupiter. It was found by a team of astronomers from the University of Hawaii led by Scott S. Sheppard in 2000, and given the designation '.

Megaclite is about 5.4 kilometres in diameter, and orbits Jupiter at an average distance of 24,687,000 km in 792.437 days, at an inclination of 150° to the ecliptic (148° to Jupiter's equator), with an orbital eccentricity of 0.308.

It was named in October 2002 after Megaclite, mother by Zeus (Jupiter) of Thebe and Locrus (although both of these are assigned a different father by other authors).

It belongs to the Pasiphaë group, non-spherical retrograde moons orbiting Jupiter at distances ranging between 22,800,000 and 24,100,000 km, and with inclinations ranging between 144.5° and 158.3°.

Emerald (color)

Emerald is a color that is a shade of green. It is light and bright, with a faint bluish cast. The name comes from the color of emerald.

The first written use of "emerald" as a color name in English was in 1598.

Emerald are highly transparent color . This color is evenly distributed, with no eye-visible color zoning. 



Isonoe (moon)

Isonoe or ', is a non-spherical moon of Jupiter. It was found by a team of astronomers from the University of Hawaii led by Scott S. Sheppard in 2000, and given the designation '.

Isonoe is about 3.8 kilometres in diameter, and orbits Jupiter at an average distance of 23,833,000 km in 751.647 days, at an inclination of 166° to the ecliptic (169° to Jupiter's equator), with an orbital eccentricity of 0.166.

It was named in October 2002 after Isonoe, one of the Danaides in Greek mythology, and a lover of Zeus (Jupiter).

Isonoe belongs to the Carme group, made up of non-spherical retrograde moons orbiting Jupiter at a distance ranging between 23,000,000 and 24,000,000 km and at an inclination of about 165°.

André-Marie Ampère

André-Marie Ampère (20 January 1775 – 10 June 1836) was a French physicist or a mathematician who helped discover electromagnetism. An electrical unit called the ampere is named after him.

Ampere was born in France in 1775. During his childhood, Ampere's father taught him Latin, until he found out that his son was talented in mathematical studies. However, young Ampere continued his study on Latin, so that he could understand and master the works of Euler and Bernoulli. In his later life, Ampere began to distinguish himself in mathematics, but also he studied history, travels, poetry, philosophy, and the natural sciences.

During the French Revolution, a great sorrow came to Ampere's life; he lost his father who was executed by revolutionaries. The death of his father brought a huge impact to Ampere.
In 1796, he met the daughter of a blacksmith living near Lyon named Julie Carron, and married her in 1799. Afterward, Ampere worked as a professor in Lyon, giving lessons in mathematics, chemistry, languages, and physics. He continued working as a professor even after the death of his wife in 1803. However, her death bothered Ampere for the rest of his life. Ampere died at Marseille and buried in the Cimetiere de Montmartre, Paris. In his work "Journal et correspondence", we can see his amiability and childlike simplicity of character.

Ampere is most known for establishing the relationship between electricity and magnetism, and combining them into a new field called electromagnetism, or electrodynamics. On September 11, 1820, Ampere heard from the discovery of H.C.Orsted that a magnetic needle can be activated by a voltaic current. Only a week later, he came up with a much more advanced version of that kindred phenomena. It was such an amazing development. On the same day, he also discovered like charges repel and different charges come towards each other.


Cyllene (moon)

Cyllene or ', is a moon of Jupiter. A team of astronomers from the University of Hawaii led by Scott S. Sheppard in 2003 found it. Its designation is '.

Cyllene is about 2 kilometres in diameter, and orbits Jupiter at an average distance of 23,396,000 km in 731.099 days, at an inclination of 140° to the ecliptic (140° to Jupiter's equator), with an orbital eccentricity of 0.4116.

It was named in March 2005 after Cyllene, a naiad (stream nymph) or oread (mountain nymph) associated with Mount Kyllini, Greece. She was a daughter of Zeus (Jupiter).

Cyllene belongs to the Pasiphaë group, non-spherical retrograde moons orbiting Jupiter at distances ranging between 22,800,000 and 24,100,000 km, and with inclinations ranging between 144.5° and 158.3°.

Dive bomber

A dive bomber is a bomber aircraft that dives towards the ground so it can get very close to its targets so that it is more likely to hit them. This can also limit the chance of anti-aircraft fire hitting the plane.

Diving nearly vertically at the target, the aircraft will release the bombs very close to the target at high speed. This allows a dive bomber to drop bombs accurately on a relatively small target, or a moving target quite easily. Dive bombers were widely used to attack high value targets such as ships and bridges. This also had the advantage of attacking ships at a weak spot. A ship's armour was heaviest near the water. On the top of the ship, however, either the armour was very thin, or there was no armour at all. Also, dive bombing allowed relatively small aeroplanes carrying a limited bomb load to do more damage than usual.

Because of better bombsights and better anti-aircraft warfare after World War II, dive bombers were replaced by attack aircraft. 

Naters

Naters is a municipality of the district of Brig in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2013, the former municipalities of Birgisch and Mund merged into the municipality of Naters.


Ried-Brig

Ried-Brig is a municipality of the district of Brig in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.


Simplon

Simplon is a municipality of the district of Brig in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.

A member of the Swiss Federal Council Josef Escher was born in Simplon.


Fiberglass

Fiberglass (also called fibreglass and glass fibre) is material made from extremely fine fibers of glass. 

Fibreglass is cheaper and more flexible than carbon fibre. It is stronger than many metals (when compared by weight), and can be moulded into complex shapes. The plastic matrix is usually a thermoset polymer – such as epoxy or polyester resin, or it may be a thermoplastic.

It is used as a reinforcing material for many polymer products. The composite material, that is produced by this method is called "fiberglass" in popular usage. The proper names are fiber-reinforced polymer (FRP) or glass-reinforced plastic (GRP).

Glassmakers throughout history have experimented with glass fibers, but mass manufacture of fiberglass was only made possible when finer tools for machines were produced. The first major use was in "glass wool" for insulation, starting in the 1930s. 

Glass fiber is formed when silica-based or other formulation glass is extruded into many fibers with small diameters that are suitable for textile processing. Glass is unlike other polymers because, even as a fiber, it has little crystalline structure (see amorphous solid). The properties of the structure of glass in its soft stage are very much like its properties when spun into fiber. 

Fiberglass is used in sail planes, sport cars, and wind turbine blades. It is also used in buildings where a lightweight material is needed. It is used to protect RF antennas and electric circuits.

Bare fiberglass can cause skin irritation and cuts when handled without gloves. There have been concerns that fiberglass can be accidentally inhaled into the lungs, where it might cause cancer and other lung problems, similar to asbestos. Fiberglass has been called "man-made asbestos". Substitutes for fiberglass building insulation, such as cellulose and aerogel, have started to appear.



Composite material

Composite materials are made from two or more basic material. They are not just placed together. They are merged together. This create a material with "useful properties unlike the individual elements".

The composite material as a whole may behave differently from either of its parts. For example, reinforced concrete (made of concrete and steel) has resistance to pressure and to bending forces. Bullet-proof glass (made of glass and plastic) is far more resistant to impact than either glass or plastic on their own.

Concrete itself is a composite material. It is one of the oldest man-made composites, used more than any other man-made material in the world.

Wood is a natural composite of cellulose fibres in a matrix of lignin. The earliest man-made composite materials were straw and mud combined to form bricks for building construction. This ancient brick-making process was documented by Egyptian tomb paintings. It is still used today in some places.

Fibre-reinforced polymers are in wide use today, as is glass-reinforced plastic.

The Biblical book of Exodus tells of the Israelites that were oppressed by Pharaoh and forced to make ""bricks without straw"". 



Fibre

A fibre (also spelled as fiber) is a piece of material which is long, thin and flexible, like a length of thread. Plant fibres are the basis of fabric such as cotton. Silk and wool fibres come from animals. In the 20th century many artificial fibres were invented like nylon and polyester.

They are very important in the structure of plants and animals, because they hold tissues together.

There are many uses for fibres. They can be spun together into filaments, thread, string or rope. They can be woven in fabric or in composite materials

Natural fibers include those made by plants, animals, and geological processes. They can be classified according to where they came from:


Man-made are fibers that are changed by man. Man-made fibers consist of regenerated fibers and synthetic fibers.

Semi-synthetic fibers are made from raw materials with natural long-chain polymer structures. They are only changed and partially degraded by chemical processes. The first semi-synthetic fiber is rayon. Most semi-synthetic fibers are cellulose regenerated fibers.

Cellulose fibers are a type of man-made fibers, regenerated from natural cellulose. The cellulose comes from many sources: rayon comes from tree wood fiber, bamboo fiber comes from bamboo, seacell comes from seaweed, etc.

Some examples of this type of fiber are:


Synthetic fibers come from synthetic materials such as petrochemicals.

Metallic fibers can be gotten from ductile metals such as copper, gold or silver and extruded or deposited from more brittle ones, such as nickel, aluminum or iron.

Carbon fibers are fibers that are mostly made up of carbon atoms. Carbon fibers are often based on oxidizing carbonized polymers through pyrolysis like PAN.

In silicon carbide fibers the basic polymers are not hydrocarbons but polymers. About 50% of the carbon atoms are replaced by silicon atoms.

Fiberglass are also man-made fibers that come from natural raw materials. It is made from a specific type glass, and optical fiber, which is made from purified natural quartz.



Fibre-reinforced polymer

A fibre-reinforced polymer (also fibre-reinforced plastic ("FRP")) is a composite material that consists of a polymer matrix that is reinforced with fibres. The fibres are usually fibreglass, carbon, or aramid, the polymer is usually an epoxy, vinylester or polyester thermosetting plastic. FRPs are commonly used in the aerospace, automobile, marine, and construction industries.



Carbon fiber reinforced plastic

Carbon fiber reinforced plastic (CFRP or CRP), is a very strong, light and expensive composite material or fiber-reinforced plastic. Similar to glass-reinforced plastic, one uses commonly the name of its reinforcing fibers (carbon fiber) for the composite material. The plastic is most often epoxy, but other plastics, such as polyester, vinyl ester or nylon, are also sometimes used. Some composites contain both carbon fiber and other fibres such as kevlar, aluminium and fiberglass reinforcement. Less commonly, the terms graphite-reinforced plastic or graphite fiber reinforced plastic (GFRP) are also used.

It has many applications in aerospace and automotive fields, as well as in sailboats, and notably in modern bicycles and motorcycles, where these qualities are of importance. It is becoming increasingly common in small consumer goods as well, such as laptop computers, tripods, fishing rods, paintball equipment, racquet sports frames, stringed instrument bodies, classical guitar strings, and drum shells.



Carbon fiber

Carbon fiber (British English: carbon fibre) is a type of fiber that is made of carbon atoms. It is also sometimes called graphite fiber. It has the highest compressive strength of all the reinforcing materials (composites), and it has a high strength to weight ratio and low coefficient of thermal expansion. The density of carbon fiber is also much lower than the density of steel. Carbon fiber is in the form of several thousand long, thin strands of material that is composed of mostly carbon atoms.

Carbon fiber is most notably used to reinforce composite materials, particularly carbon fiber reinforced polymers. Reinforced carbon-carbon (RCC) is used structurally in high-temperature applications. The fiber is also used to filter high-temperature gases.

Molding a thin layer of carbon fibers significantly improves fire resistance of polymers or thermoset composites. This works because a dense, compact layer of carbon fibers efficiently reflects heat.

The increasing use of carbon fiber composites is displacing aluminum from aerospace applications in favor of other metals.



Coefficient

In mathematics, a coefficient is a constant multiplicative factor of a certain object. For example, the coefficient in "9x" is "9". A coefficient can also be a variable such as formula_1, formula_2 and formula_3. 

The object can be such things as a variable, a vector, a function, etc. In some cases, the objects and the coefficients are indexed similarly, leading to expressions such as:
where "a" is the coefficient of the variable "x" for each "n" = 1, 2, 3, …


Coefficient (disambiguation)

Coefficient could have one of the following meanings: 

Also,

Enrico Fermi

Enrico Fernando Fermi (September 29, 1901 — November 28, 1954) was an Italian-American physicist who worked on the first nuclear reactor and helped make quantum theory. He also was important to particle physics, and statistical mechanics. Fermi won the Nobel Prize in Physics in 1938 for his work on induced radioactivity. He built the world's first nuclear reactor. Fermi also worked on the Manhattan Project. Fermi was one of the greatest scientists of the 20th century.

Fermi was born in Rome and went to a local grammar school. He was very good at maths and science and won a prize from Scuola Normale Superiore of Pisa. He went to the University of Pisa where he studied physics. In 1923 he was given a scholarship from the Italian government and went to Göttingen for more study. He was given a Rockefeller scholarship in 1924 and studied in Leyden. He came back to Italy at the end of 1924 and became Lecturer in Mathematical Physics and Mechanics at the University of Florence.

In 1926, Fermi discovered the statistical laws, now called Fermi statistics. These laws explain the actions of the particles which are subject to the Pauli exclusion principle, which are now called fermions. These are different to the particles called bosons which are explained by Bose-Einstein statistics. In 1927 he became Professor of Theoretical Physics at the University of Rome. He spent time studying electrodynamics, and began to closely look at the atomic nucleus. In 1934, using discoveries made by Wolfgang Pauli, Frédéric Joliot, Irène Joliot-Curie, he was able to show changes in almost every element bombarded with neutrons. This led to the discovery of slow neutrons, nuclear fission and making elements that were not in the Periodic Table. 

Fermi moved from Italy to the United States after winning the Nobel Prize in Physics in 1938 because Italy’s leader Benito Mussolini was close to Adolf Hitler, and Fermi’s wife and children were Jews.

Fermi worked at Columbia University where he studied Nuclear fission, which is to say how atoms break apart and he then moved to Chicago where he built a Nuclear reactor in 1942. Then Dr. Julius Robert Oppenheimer got Fermi to work with him on the Manhattan Project and Fermi helped Oppenheimer and the others to build an Atomic bomb. It was used against Japan at the end of the Second world war. 

Fermi expressed his concerns about the dangers of nuclear energy at one of the meetings of the University of Chicago before the end of the WWII.

In the 1950s, Fermi and Dr. Edward Teller, Dr. Herbert York and Dr. Emil Konopinski talked about how according to statistics it makes no sense for Extraterrestrial life not to exist. So Fermi asked “Where is everybody?” This is called the Fermi paradox, the idea that if aliens exist then we should have seen them but it doesn’t make sense for aliens not to exist either. Scientists today still wonder and argue about what the answer to the Fermi Paradox is. 

Physical coefficient

A physical coefficient is an important number that characterizes some physical property of a technical or scientific object.


Coefficient of thermal expansion

Solids mostly expand in response to heating and contract on cooling. This response to temperature change is expressed as its coefficient of thermal expansion.

The coefficient of thermal expansion is used:

These characteristics are closely related. The volumetric thermal expansion coefficient can be measured for all substances of condensed matter (liquids and solid state). The linear thermal expansion can only be measured in the solid state and is common in engineering applications.

The expansion and contraction of material must be considered when designing large structures, when using tape or chain to measure distances for land surveys, when designing molds for casting hot material, and in other engineering applications when large changes in dimension due to temperature are expected. The range for α is from 10 for hard solids to 10 for organic liquids. α varies with the temperature and some materials have a very high variation. Some values for common materials, given in parts per million per Celsius degree: (NOTE: This can also be in kelvins as the changes in temperature are a 1:1 ratio)

For applications using the thermal expansion property, see bi-metal and mercury thermometer

Thermal expansion is also used in mechanical applications to fit parts over one another, e.g. a bushing can be fitted over a shaft by making its inner diameter slightly smaller than the diameter of the shaft, then heating it until it fits over the shaft, and allowing it to cool after it has been pushed over the shaft, thus achieving a 'shrink fit'

There exist some alloys with a very small CTE, used in applications that demand very small changes in physical dimension over a range of temperatures. One of these is Invar 36, with a coefficient in the 0.6x10 range. These alloys are useful in aerospace applications where wide temperature swings may occur.


Surveying

Surveying is the technique and science of accurately finding out the position of points and the distances and angles between them. These points are usually, but not always, associated with positions on the surface of the Earth. They are often used to make land maps and boundaries for ownership of land. A person who does the surveying is called a surveyor. In order to find the information they need, surveyors use geometry, engineering, trigonometry, mathematics, physics, geology and law.

Surveying has been very important in the development of the human environment since the beginning of recorded history (ca. 5000 years ago) and it is a requirement planning of nearly every form of construction. Its most common uses are in the fields of transport, building and construction, communications, mapping, and the making of legal boundaries for land ownership.

Surveying has existed throughout much of our history. In ancient Egypt, when the Nile River overflowed its banks and washed out farm boundaries, the boundaries were recreated by surveyors using simple geometry. The construction of the pyramids, including the Great Pyramids of Giza (built c. 2700 BC) show us that the Ancient Egyptians used surveying efficiently.

A surveyor is a person who has the skills to accurately find out the position of points and the distances and angles between them. These points are usually, positions on the surface of the Earth. Finding these points is called "surveying". Surveyors are needed to make land maps and boundaries for ownership of land. In order to find the information they need, surveyors use geometry, engineering, trigonometry, mathematics, physics, and law.

There are different types of surveyor. A construction or building surveyor is the person who has to make sure that buildings are being put up in the correct place and fit in with planning and building laws. A quantity surveyor is the person who keeps track of costs on a building project. A hydrographic surveyor measures features to do with water, such as rivers, lakes and oceans. A marine surveyor inspects ships. A mine surveyor is the person who finds out the position of underground mines, for example gold mines or coal mines.




Jorge Manrique

Jorge Manrique (c. 1440 – 1479) was a major Spanish poet, whose main work, the "Coplas a la muerte de su padre (Stanzas about the Death of his Father)", is still read today. He was a supporter of the great Spanish queen, Isabel I of Castile, and actively participated on her side in the civil war that broke out against her half-brother, Enrique IV, when the latter attempted to make his daughter, Juana, crown princess. Jorge died in 1479 during an attempt to take the castle of Garcimuñoz after Isabel gained the crown.

Manrique were one of major Spanish aristocratic families of the Jewish converso descent. See, Norman Roth, "Conversos, Inquisition, and the Expulsion of the Jews from Spain", Madison, WI: The University of Wisconcin Press, 1995, p. 333. Jorge Manrique was a great-nephew of Iñigo López de Mendoza (marquess of Santillana), a descendant of Pero López de Ayala, chancellor of Castile, and a nephew of Gómez Manrique, "corregidor" of Toledo, all important poets of the late fourteenth and fifteenth centuries. He was, therefore, a member of a noble family of great consequence.

Minutes to Midnight

Minutes to Midnight is third studio album by American nu metal band, Linkin Park. Production on the album started as early as late 2003, and initially had a projected release date of sometime in late 2004 or early 2005, but was scrapped due to touring and support of their previous album, Meteora, then prouduction started back up in 2006. It was released on May 14, 2007 all over the world and on May 15, 2007 in North America. Rick Rubin and Mike Shinoda produced the album.

The name "Minutes to Midnight" comes from the Doomsday Clock.





Thelxinoe (moon)

Thelxinoe or ' is a moon of Jupiter. It was found by a team of astronomers from the University of Hawaii led by Scott S. Sheppard in 2004 from pictures taken in 2003, and originally got the designation '.

Thelxinoe is about 2 kilometres in diameter, and orbits Jupiter at an average distance of 20,454,000 km in 597.607 days, at an inclination of 151° to the ecliptic (153° to Jupiter's equator), with an orbital eccentricity of 0.2685.

It was named in March 2005 after Thelxinoe, one of the four original Muses according to some Greek writers, and a daughter of Zeus (Jupiter) by Mnemosyne.

Thelxinoe belongs to the Ananke group, retrograde non-spherical moons which orbit Jupiter between 19,300,000 and 22,700,000 km, at inclinations of about 150°.

Oskar Lafontaine

Oskar Lafontaine (; born 16 September 1943 in Saarlouis-Roden) is a left-wing German politician and a founder member of the new political party "Die Linke".

Lafontaine studied physics at the Bonn University and the Saarland University from 1962 to 1969.

He is Roman Catholic and is married to Christa Müller who leads a campaign against genital mutilation in Africa. They have a son, Carl Maurice, born 1997.

Lafontaine's political career began locally as mayor of Saarbrücken. He became widely known as a critic of chancellor Helmut Schmidt's support for the NATO plan to put Pershing II missiles in Germany. From 1985 to 1998 he was Minister-President of the Saarland. As minister-president, Lafontaine tried to keep the traditional industries of steel production and coal mining in the state with subsidies. He was also President of the Bundesrat in 1992/93.

In the German federal election of 1990, Lafonntaine was the SPD's Chancellor candidate. The party lost because of support for the CDU who were the government during reunification. During the campaign he was attacked with a knife by a mentally deranged woman after a speech in Cologne. His carotid artery was slashed and he remained in a critical condition for several days.

At the "Mannheim convention" in 1995, Lafontaine was elected chairman of the SPD, replacing Rudolf Scharping. He was mainly responsible for bringing the whole of the SPD against Helmut Kohl and his CDU party, instead of cooperating with the CDU. Lafontaine said that any help given to Kohl would only help to keep the CDU in government.

This idea put the SPD ahead in the opinion polls in September 1998. He was appointed Federal Minister of Finance in the first government of Gerhard Schröder.

During his short time as Minister of Finance, Lafontaine was a figure of attack by UK Eurosceptics. This was especially because he wanted to make taxes the same in the European Union. This would have meant some UK taxes would increase.

On 11 March 1999, he resigned from all his official and party offices, saying that not getting any help from other members of the cabinet. Later he become known for his attacks against Angela Merkel's government in the tabloid Bild-Zeitung which is generally considered conservative.

On 24 May 2005 Lafontaine left the SPD. On 10 June, he said he would run as the lead candidate for The Left Party.PDS (Die Linkspartei), a coalition of the Electoral Alternative for Labour and Social Justice (WASG), which is based in western Germany, and the Party of Democratic Socialism (PDS), which was the successor to the East German communist party

He joined the WASG on 18 June 2005 and was selected to head their list for the 2005 Federal Election in North Rhine-Westphalia on the same day. He also stood in the Saarbrücken constituency, but lost. Nevertheless, the result of the Linkspartei in the Saarland was the best in any of the federal states in the West of Germany.

An article by Lafontaine on Erich Honecker, state and party leader of the GDR and a Saarländer like him, in the magazine Der Spiegel was criticized by many people who said it concentrated on a few good things Honecker did, and ignored the bad things. In the late 80s and early 90s he lost some support from left-wing people because he seemed to want pro-business policies and he called for a reduction of the influx of Germans from Eastern Europe and asylum-seekers.


Oskar LaFontaine: "The Heart Beats on the Left" Polity, 

Group (periodic table)

A group is any column on the periodic table. Elements in the same group usually have similar properties, because they have the same number of electrons in the outermost electron shell. There are eight main groups of elements, numbered 1, 2, and 13-18. The other ten groups are transition metals:


See Alkali metal

The most reactive metals are Lithium (Li), Sodium (Na), Potassium (K), Rubidium (Rb), Cesium (Cs), and Francium (Fr) 

See Alkaline earth metal. They are Beryllium (Be), Magnesium (Mg), Calcium (Ca), Strontium (Sr), Barium (Ba), Radium (Ra) 

See Transition metals. Transition Metals are the most number of elements in the periodic table. They are Iron (Fe), Copper (Cu), Zinc (Zn), Chromium (Cr), Cobalt (Co), Nickel (Ni), Manganese (Mn), Mercury (Hg), Scandium (Sc), Titanium (Ti), Vanadium (V), Silver (Ag), Gold (Au), Cadmium (Cd), Tungsten (W), Platinum (Pt), Yttrium (Y), Molybdenum (Mo) and others.

The noble gases are the 18th group in the periodic table. They are Helium (He), Neon (Ne), Argon (Ar), Krypton (Kr), Xenon (Xe), and Radon (Rn). They were previously called Inert gases.

Differential coefficient

In mathematics, differential coefficient is a term out of use now. The former "differential coefficient" of a function "f"("x") is now called its derivative "df"("x")/"dx". It is the (not necessarily constant) multiplicative factor or "coefficient" of the differential "dx" in the differential "df"("x"). 

The differential coefficient of "f" is a constant function only if "f" is a linear function.

Early editions of Silvanus P. Thompson's "Calculus Made Easy" use the older term. In his 1998 update of this text, Martin Gardner puts "derivative" instead of "differential coefficient". He speaks of it only in context with Thompson's criticism of the term.

Period (periodic table)

A period in the periodic table is any horizontal row of elements. 

Each elements in the same period has one more proton than the one to its left. This means its atomic number is one number higher. The elements in the same period are very metallic on the left and nonmetallic on the right. The smaller atoms are on the left and the larger ones are on the right because the atoms have more protons and electrons.

The first period has 2 elements, hydrogen and helium. The second period and third period each have 8 elements. The fourth period and fifth period each have 18 elements. The sixth period and seventh period each have 32 elements. F-block elements are counted in the sixth and seventh periods. Hence, each one has 32 elements in it.

<br>



Atomic orbital

Atomic orbitals are the places surrounding the nucleus of an atom where the electrons are most likely to be at any given time. It is a mathematical function that describes the wave-like behavior of either one electron or a pair of electrons in an atom.

The word 'orbital' is used because it was thought that electrons behaved similarly to the solar system, where the nucleus is like the sun and the electrons orbit like the planets. 

The number of atomic orbitals in an element is defined by the period the element is in. Electrons move between orbitals depending on how much energy they have and how many other electrons there are.

In atomic theory and quantum mechanics, an atomic orbital is a quantum number. Each such orbital can be occupied by one or two electrons. The way orbitals are arranged is related to the electron configurations of atoms. They were derived from descriptions provided by early spectroscopists of certain alkali metal spectroscopic lines as being sharp, principal, diffuse, and fundamental.


Charlottenburg-Wilmersdorf

Charlottenburg-Wilmersdorf is a borough of Berlin, formed in 2001 by joining together the old boroughs of Charlottenburg and Wilmersdorf.
It has an area of and has, as of 2003, about 315,200 inhabitants.
Its current mayor is Monika Thiemen (SPD).

The Technical University of Berlin (Technische Universität Berlin), the Berlin University of the Arts (Universität der Künste), the opera (Deutsche Oper Berlin), the Charlottenburg Palace and the Olympic Stadium are located in Charlottenburg-Wilmersdorf.



Friedrichshain-Kreuzberg

Friedrichshain-Kreuzberg is a borough of Berlin. It is a new borough, only made in 2001 by joining the old boroughs of Friedrichshain and Kreuzberg.
It occupies and has a population of about 255,200 as of 2003.

Its current mayor is Franz Schulz (Green Party).


Lichtenberg-Hohenschönhausen

Lichtenberg is a borough of Berlin, Germany. In 2001 it took over the old borough of Hohenschönhausen. Lichtenberg now has an area of and a population (as of 2003) of about 260,200 inhabitants.

The present mayor of the borough is Christina Emmrich (Die Linke).

Lichtenberg contains the Tierpark Berlin, the larger of Berlin's two zoological parks. Lichtenberg was also the site of the headquarters of the Stasi, the East German intelligence service. The complex is now a museum.

The Berlin-Hohenschönhausen Memorial is on the site of the main prison of the Stasi.


Proteaceae

Proteaceae is a family of flowering plants. Mainly restricted to the Southern Hemisphere, it is a fairly large family, with around 80 genera but fewer than 2000 species. Together with the Platanaceae and Nelumbonaceae they make up the order Proteales.

Traditionally divided in two subfamilies:Persoonioideae and Grevilleoideae. Recently, workers have recognized seven subfamilies: 


Marzahn-Hellersdorf

Marzahn-Hellersdorf is one of the 12 new boroughs of Berlin. It was created in 2001 when the old boroughs of Marzahn and Hellersdorf were merged (joined together).

Marzahn-Hellersdorf is in northeast Berlin. It has borders with Lichtenberg in the west, Treptow-Köpenick in the south and the state of Brandenburg in the east and north.

The borough contains of five former villages: Biesdorf, Hellersdorf, Kaulsdorf, Mahlsdorf and Marzahn, which became part of Berlin in 1920.

Marzahn-Hellersdorf has several twin towns:


Billionaire

A billionaire is a person who has a net worth of at least one billion (1,000,000,000) units of currency. This is usually used for major currencies with large values, like Pound Sterlings £, American dollars $, or Euros €.

In March 2021, there were 2,755 people in the world who were considered to be billionaires (in United States dollars).

Every year, the American business magazine Forbes, and its website, releases a list of billionaires called "The World's Billionaires".


Neukölln

Neukölln is a borough of Berlin. It has an area of and has, as of 2003, about 307,400 inhabitants and one of the highest percentage of foreigners in Berlin.
Its current mayor is Heinz Buschkowsky (SPD).

When it was first mentioned in 1360, the village was called "Richardsdorf" and owned by the Order of St. John

The coat of arms of the borough has a Maltese cross to remember this part of its history.

In 1737, Frederick William I of Prussia let Moravians from Bohemia settle in the area. They built their own church and houses off the village centre along the road to Berlin, which is now called "Richardstraße". The new Bohemian village was granted its own constitution in 1797.

When both parts of the village were reunited in 1874, the population was 8,000 inhabitants. It had nearly doubled, to 15,000 by the next year.

On 1 May 1899 the area, then the largest village of Prussia, became an independent city and got its current name in 1912. Its independence ended in 1920, when it was made part of Greater Berlin . Between 1966 and 1975, the "Gropiusstadt" was built. This city-within-a-city was designed by architect Walter Gropius. Gropius was the last director of the Bauhaus school of arts and architecture, which set up in Berlin when it moved from Dessau. Gropiusstadt has over 60,000 inhabitants.

Actress Mady Rahl and Lotte Ulbricht, wife of East German leader Walter Ulbricht, were born in Neukölln.




Pankow

Pankow [] is one of the new borough of Berlin. In 2001, the old borough of Pankow was merged (joined) with the former boroughs of Prenzlauer Berg and Weißensee.

It has an area of and about 347,100 inhabitants. Pankow's current mayor is Matthias Koehne (SPD).

Between 1945 and 1960 many members of the government of East Germany lived in the Majakowskiring district of Pankow. Western writers often called Pankow capital of East Germany, or used Pankow as shorthand for the East German government.

The Rykestrasse Synagogue Germany's largest synagogue, is located in the Prenzlauer Berg neighbourhood of the Pankow district.


Reinickendorf

Reinickendorf is a borough of Berlin. It has an area of and has, as of December 31 2003, 246,577 inhabitants.

Reinickendorf was created in 1920 by the Greater Berlin Act, and was not changed in the borough reforms of 2001.

Its current mayor is Marlies Wanjura (CDU).

Reinickendorf is split in ten parts:

The last elections for the BVV (elections for the representatives in the boroughs parliament) were in October 2001.



Pasithee (moon)

Pasithee or ', is a non-spherical moon of Jupiter. It was found by a team of astronomers from the University of Hawaii led by Scott S. Sheppard in 2001, and given the designation '.

Pasithee is about 2 kilometres in diameter, and orbits Jupiter at an average distance of 23,307,000 km in 726.933 days, at an inclination of 166° to the ecliptic (164° to Jupiter's equator), with an orbital eccentricity of 0.3289.

It was named in August 2003 after Pasithee, one of the Charites, goddesses of charm, beauty, nature, human creativity and fertility, daughters of Zeus (Jupiter) by Eurynome. Pasithee, better known as Aglaea, is the spouse of Hypnos (Sleep) and presides to hallucinations and hallucinogens.

It belongs to the Carme group, made up of non-spherical retrograde moons orbiting Jupiter at a distance ranging between 23,000,000 and 24,000,000 km and at an inclination of about 165°.

Steglitz-Zehlendorf

Steglitz-Zehlendorf is a borough of Berlin. It was formed in 2001 when the former boroughs of Steglitz and Zehlendorf were joined together.

Steglitz-Zehlendorf has an area of and has, as of 2003, about 288,300 inhabitants. Its current mayor is Norbert Kopp (CDU).



Thrillville

Thrillville is a PlayStation 2, Xbox and PlayStation Portable video game. It was made by LucasArts and Frontier Developments. Players make their own theme park. They make roller coasters, game stalls, rides, race tracks and food and drink shops. 

Uncle Mortimer, a strange scientist, puts the player in charge of Thrillville. It is a large theme park with roller coasters, games, rides, and racetracks. The player then picks a character. The character can be moved through each theme park. He must try to finish missions in the theme park before he can move on to the next one.

Garrison, another theme park owner, has his own theme park called Globo-joy. Globo-joy competes against Thrillville. The player must do difficult tasks to make Thrillville the best theme park.

Thrillville has many minigames that can be played in the theme park, or with up to four other players.


Thrillville: Off the Rails was the second game of the series. It came out in 2007 for the PlayStation 2, Wii, Xbox 360, Nintendo DS, PlayStation Portable and Microsoft Windows. "Off the Rails" allows roller coasters to crash. It also added more minigames, characters with conversation skills amd more options. Off the Rails also added many songs including "Parklife" by Blur and "Smile (Lily Allen song)" by Lily Allen.

a unnamed Thrillville game is in the works for Xbox one, PlayStation 6 and Nintendo switch, set to be released in 2025.
Volvo

Volvo is a Swedish car and truck maker founded in 1927. It has the following two divisions:


Volvo is now the leading producer in what most people would call safe family cars.

One of the Volvo's cars, the Volvo S60 is used by police departments in some parts of Europe and the United Kingdom.

In March 2010, Ford signed a deal to sell "Volvo Cars" to the Chinese automaker Geely for $1.8 billion. Volvo cars has is making all of it's cars zero emission by the year 2030.


Tempelhof-Schöneberg

Tempelhof-Schöneberg is one of the new borough of Berlin, formed in 2001 by merging the old boroughs of Tempelhof and Schöneberg.

Tempelhof-Schöneberg has an area of and has, as of November 2004, about 335.000 inhabitants. Its current mayor is Ekkehard Band (SPD).


Treptow-Köpenick

Treptow-Köpenick is a borough of Berlin, formed in 2001 by merging the former boroughs of Treptow and Köpenick.

Treptow-Köpenick has an area of and has, as of 2003, about 233,700 inhabitants. It's current mayor is Gabriele Schöttler (SPD).

Platanaceae

Platanaceae is a family of flowering plants. The family has only one genus "platanus". This genus has six to ten species of tall trees. The trees grow naturally in temperate and subtropical regions of the Northern Hemisphere. In all species, the flowers grow in dense groups of small flowers. The fruits are small achenes with hairs near the base.

Microsoft Office Online

Microsoft Office Online is the website of Microsoft Office. It has images, articles, templates, downloads and other attractions.

By November 2004, Microsoft Office Online received over 52 million visitors, with over 746 million page views, ranking it in the top 100 sites worldwide.


Visual Studio Tools for Office

Visual Studio Tools for Office (Sometime written as "VSTO") is an add-on product for Microsoft's Visual Studio product that enables developers to create applications using Microsoft Office. 


Callirrhoe (moon)

Callirrhoe or ', is one of Jupiter's farthest named moons. It was found by Spacewatch on October 6, 1999 and originally designated as an asteroid (). It was found to be in orbit around Jupiter by Tim Spahr on July 18, 2000, and then given the designation '.

Callirrhoe is about 8.6 kilometres in diameter, and orbits Jupiter at an average distance of 24,356,000 km in 776.543 days, at an inclination of 141° to the ecliptic (140° to Jupiter's equator), with an orbital eccentricity of 0.264.

It was named in October 2002 after Callirhoe, daughter of the river god Achelous, one of Zeus' (Jupiter's) many conquests.

It belongs to the Pasiphaë group, non-spherical retrograde moons orbiting Jupiter at distances ranging between 22,800,000 and 24,100,000 km, and with inclinations ranging between 144.5° and 158.3°.

As a navigation exercise, the New Horizons spacecraft imaged it on January 10, 2007.

Mneme (moon)

Mneme or , is a non-spherical moon of Jupiter. It was found by a team of astronomers from the University of Hawaii led by Scott S. Sheppard, et al. in 2003, and was designated S/2003 J 21.
Mneme is about 2 kilometres in diameter, and orbits Jupiter at an average distance of 21,427,000 km in 640.769 days, at an inclination of 149° to the ecliptic (148° to Jupiter's equator) with an orbital eccentricity of 0.2214.

It was named in March 2005 after Mneme, one of the three original Muses. She is sometimes confused with Mnemosyne, mother of the Muses (the three or the nine, depending on the author) by Zeus (Jupiter).

Mneme belongs to the Ananke group, retrograde non-spherical moons which orbit Jupiter between 19,300,000 and 22,700,000 km, at inclinations of about 150°.

Lift coefficient

The lift coefficient ("C" or "C") is coefficient without a dimension that relates the lift generated by an airfoil, the dynamic pressure of the fluid flow around the airfoil, and the planform area of the airfoil. It may also be described as the ratio of lift pressure to dynamic pressure.

The lift coefficient is a dimensionless number.

Karl Dönitz

Karl Dönitz ( ; 16 September 1891 – 24 December 1980) was a German naval leader. He commanded the German Navy ("Kriegsmarine") during the second half of World War II. Dönitz was also President of Germany for 23 days after Adolf Hitler's suicide. For his role in World War II, Dönitz was referred to as "der Löwe" (the Lion).

Dönitz was born in Berlin. He entered the Imperial German Navy ("Kaiserliche Marine") in 1911. During World War I, he served on surface ships. Later he was transferred to submarines (U-boats). He remained in the navy after the war and rose through the ranks of the German Navy of the Weimar Republic ("Reichsmarine") and the German Navy of the Third Reich ("Kriegsmarine"). He became a "Großadmiral". He served as Commander of Submarines ("Befehlshaber der Unterseeboote", "B.d.U."). Later, he became Commander-in-Chief of the German Navy ("Oberbefehlshaber der Kriegsmarine"). He got this position, even though he never joined the Nazi Party. Under his command, the U-boat fleet fought the Second Battle of The Atlantic. He also served as "Reichspräsident" for 23 days after Adolf Hitler's suicide. He ended the war as a prisoner-of-war of the British.

After the war Dönitz was charged and convicted of "crimes against peace" and "war crimes" at the Nuremberg Trials. He served ten years in prison. He ordered the unrestricted submarine warfare which was done by Germany in the North Atlantic. With this, he caused Germany to be in breach of the Second London Naval Treaty of 1936.
At his trial, evidence was shown that the Allies had acted similarly. For this reason, this breach of international law had no impact on his sentence. After his release from prison, Dönitz moved to Aumühle, a small village near Hamburg. During his later years, he wrote two autobiographies. In them, he covered different periods in his life. He died of a heart attack on Christmas Eve, 1980.

Helike (moon)

Helike or ', is a moon of Jupiter. It was found by a team of astronomers from the University of Hawaii led by Scott S. Sheppard in 2003, and given the designation '.

Helike is about 4 kilometres in diameter, and orbits Jupiter at an average distance of 20,540,000 km in 601.402 Earth days, at an inclination of 155° to the ecliptic (156° to Jupiter's equator), with an orbital eccentricity of 0.1375.

It was named in March 2005 after Helike, one of the nymphs that nurtured Zeus (Jupiter) in his infancy on Crete.

Helike belongs to the Ananke group, retrograde non-spherical moons which orbit Jupiter between 19,300,000 and 22,700,000 km, at inclinations of about 150°.

Turbulence

Turbulence or turbulent flow is violent, unsteady, chaotic movement of fluids like air and water. It is contrasted with laminar flow. Most motion of fluids in real life (outside laboratories) is turbulent.

Praxidike (moon)

Praxidike or ', is a non-spherical moon of Jupiter. It was found by a team of astronomers from the University of Hawaii led by Scott S. Sheppard in 2000, and given the designation '.

Praxidike orbits Jupiter at an average distance of 20,824,000 km in 613.904 days, at an inclination of 144° to the ecliptic (143° to Jupiter's equator), with an orbital eccentricity of 0.1840.

It was named in August 2003 after Praxidike, the Greek goddess of punishment.

Praxidike belongs to the Ananke group, believed to be the remnants of a break-up of a captured asteroid. With an estimated diameter of 7 km, Praxidike is the second biggest member of the group after Ananke itself (assumed albedo of 0.04)

The moon appears grey similar to C-type asteroids.



Great Dark Spot

The No. 1989 Great Dark Spot (also known as GDS-89) was a dark spot on Neptune similar in appearance to Jupiter's Great Red Spot. It was discovered in 1989 by NASA's "Voyager 2" probe. Although it appears similar to Jupiter's spot, which is an anticyclonic storm (this is like a hurricane), it is believed that the Great Dark Spot is an atmospheric hole similar to the hole in Earth's ozone layer.

However, the insides of Great Dark Spots are mostly cloud-free, and unlike Jupiter's spot, which has lasted for hundreds of years, their lifetimes appear to be much shorter, forming and disappearing once every few years or so. Based on pictures taken by Voyager and since then with the Hubble Space Telescope, Neptune appears to spend a little bit more than half its time with a Great Dark Spot. 

The dark, elliptically-shaped spot (with initial dimensions of 13,000 × 6,600 km, or 8,100 × 4,100 mi) was about the same size as Earth, and was similar looking to Jupiter's Great Red Spot. Around the Great Dark Spot, winds were measured blowing up to 2,400 kilometers (1,500 miles) an hour, the fastest in the Solar System. The Great Dark Spot is thought to be a hole in the methane cloud deck of Neptune. The spot was seen at different times with different sizes and shapes. 

The Great Dark Spot generated large white clouds at or just below the tropopause layer similar to high-altitude cirrus clouds found on Earth. Unlike the clouds on Earth, however, which are made of mostly crystals of ice, Neptune's clouds are made up of crystals of frozen methane. And while Neptune's clouds usually form and then disappear within a period of a few hours, the clouds in the Great Dark Spot were still present after 36 hours, or two rotations of the planet.

Neptune's dark spots are thought to happen in the troposphere at lower heights (or altitudes) than the brighter upper cloud deck features. As they are stable features that can last for several months, they are thought to be vortex structures.

When pictures were going to be taken of the Great Dark Spot again in November 1994 by the Hubble Space Telescope, it had gone away completely, leaving astronomers to believe that it had either been covered up or that it had just disappeared. The persistence of companion clouds shows that some former dark spots may continue to exist as cyclones even though they are no longer able to be seen as a dark feature. Dark spots may disappear when they move too close to the equator or possibly through some other unknown way.

However, a new spot that looked very much like the old spot appeared in Neptune's northern hemisphere. This new spot, called the Northern Great Dark Spot (NGDS), has remained able to be seen for several years.



Supersonic

The term supersonic is used to describe a speed that is over the speed of sound (Mach 1). At a normal temperature like 70 degrees Fahrenheit (21.1 °C), the speed needed for something to be traveling at a faster than sound speed is about 344 m/s, 1,129 ft/s, 770 mph or 1,238 km/h. Speeds faster than 5 times the speed of sound are sometimes called hypersonic. Speeds where only some parts of the air around an object (like the propeller) reach supersonic speeds are called transonic (normally somewhere between Mach 0.8 and Mach 1.2).

Whips have operated supersonically for many centuries. Artillery became supersonic in the 19th century.

It can be very hard to reach supersonic speeds, because drag increases a lot near these speeds. This slows a plane, and for years made control difficult. These problems were called the "sound barrier". Jet engines and other developments solved the problems in the middle 20th century.

Small Dark Spot

The Small Dark Spot, sometimes also called Dark Spot 2 or The Wizard's Eye, was a southern cyclonic storm on the planet Neptune. It was the second strongest storm on the planet in 1989, when Voyager 2 flew by the planet. When first discovered, it was a dark cyclonic storm. As Voyager 2 approached the planet, a bright core of cloud activity developed. It disappeared in 1994.

Aitne (moon)

Aitne or ', is a non-spherical moon of Jupiter. It was found by a team of astronomers from the University of Hawaii led by Scott S. Sheppard, "et al." in 2001, and given the designation '.

Aitne is about 3 kilometres in diameter, and orbits Jupiter at an average distance of 22,285,000 km in 679.641 days, at an inclination of 166° to the ecliptic (164° to Jupiter's equator), with an orbital eccentricity of 0.393.

It was named in August 2003 after Aitna or Aitne, the divine personification of Mount Etna, whose sons by Zeus (Jupiter) are the Palici, the twin sicilian gods of geysers (other authors have them descend from Thalia and/or Hephaistos).

Aitne belongs to the Carme group, made up of non-spherical irregular retrograde moons orbiting Jupiter at a distance ranging between 23,000,000 and 24,000,000 km and at an inclination of about 165°.

William Lassell

William Lassell (18 June 1799 – 5 October 1880) was a British astronomer, born in Bolton, Lancashire, England. He died in Maidenhead in 1880. He is known as discoverer of Triton, the largest moon of Neptune, and for his improvements to the reflecting telescope. 

Roche limit

The Roche limit (), or Roche radius, is a planetary distance. 

Inside the Roche limit, orbiting material will form planetary rings. Outside the limit, material sticks together and forms satellites. 

The term is named after Édouard Roche, the French astronomer who first stated it in 1848.



Synchronous orbit

A synchronous orbit is an orbit in which an orbiting body (usually a satellite) has a period equal to the average rotational period of the body being orbited (usually a planet). Or in smaller words, the orbit above and the spinning planet below, go around once in the same amount of time. It orbits in the same direction of rotation as that body. So if you were on the orbiting body, you would always see the same side of the body being orbited. Or if you were on the body being orbited, the orbiting body would stay in the same part of the sky. Geostationary orbit is the most common kind.

François Arago

François Jean Dominique Arago (Catalan: Francesc Joan Dominic Aragó; February 26, 1786 – October 2, 1853) was a French mathematician, physicist, astronomer and politician.

S/2003 J 2

It seems to belong to a group all of its own, with a distant and retrograde orbit.

Santiago Rodríguez Province

Santiago Rodríguez is a province of the Dominican Republic. It is in the northwestern part of the country. Its capital city is San Ignacio de Sabaneta.

The province was created in 1948.

"Santiago Rodríguez" was an officer of the Dominican army when the Dominican-Haitian War. He is one of the founder of the city of Sabaneta. He was an important military leader during the initial stages of the "Restoration War" (1863-1865).

The town of San Ignacio de Sabaneta was founded in 1844 and it was made a municipality of the Santiago province in 1854 and then of the Monte Cristi Province province in 1879. In 1948, it became a province.

Monción was a municipality of Montecristi since 1907. In 1996, Villa Los Almácigos became a municipality.

Santiago Rodríguez is in the region known as "Línea Noroeste" ("Northwestern Line"). The province has the Monte Cristi and Valverde provinces to the north, the Santiago province to the east, the San Juan and Elías Piña provinces to the south and the Dajabón province to the west.

In (last national census), there were people living in the Santiago Rodríguez province, and 27,559 () living in towns and cities. The population density was persons/km².

Its population represents of the total population of the country and the province is ranked as the 30th (out of 31 plus the National District) more populated province.

, the total estimated propulation of the province is 1,015,397 inhabitants.

The largest city of the province is San Ignacio de Sabaneta, its head municipality or capital, with an urban population (in ) of 15,648 inhabitants.

The Santiago province has a total area of . It has of the area of the Dominican Republic and it is ranked as the 22nd (out of 31 plus the National District) largest province.

The altitude of the provincial capital, San Ignacio de Sabaneta, is above sea level.

The Cordillera Central ("Central mountain chain") is in the southern part of the province, and the Sierra Samba (or Sierra Zamba), a chain of low hills, runs across the northern half.

The main rivers are Guayubín and Mao, both tributaries of the Yaque del Norte river.

The climate of the province is a tropical climate, hot most of the year, but it is cooler in the mountains.

There are 3 municipalities and none municipal districts (M.D.) in the province.

The only economic activity of importance is farming.

Eirene (moon)

Eirene is a non-spherical moon of Jupiter. It was found by a team of astronomers from the University of Hawaii led by Scott S. Sheppard in 2003. It was called until 2019.

Eirene is about 4 kilometres in diameter, and orbits Jupiter at an average distance of 23,974,000 km in 758.341 days, at an inclination of 166° to the ecliptic (167° to Jupiter's equator), with an orbital eccentricity of 0.307.

It belongs to the Carme group, made up of non-spherical retrograde moons orbiting Jupiter at a distance ranging between 23,000,000 and 24,000,000 km and at an inclination of about 165°.

Magnolia (tree)

Magnolia is a genus of about 210 to 340 species. 

The Angiosperm taxonomical names "Magnoliophyta" (division) and "Magnoliopsida" (class) come from this genus. Charles Plumier gave a flowering tree from the island of Martinique the genus name "Magnolia", after French botanist Pier Magnol.

"Magnolia" is an ancient genus. It appeared before bees evolved. The flowers are thought to have evolved by encouraging pollination by beetles.

To avoid damage from pollinating beetles, the carpels of "Magnolia" flowers are extremely tough. 

Many magnolias that have pretty flowers are used as street trees.

S/2003 J 4

It belongs to the Pasiphaë group, non-spherical retrograde moons orbiting Jupiter at distances ranging between 22,800,000 and 24,100,000 km, and with inclinations ranging between 144.5° and 158.3°.

Mikoyan-Gurevich MiG-19

The MiG-19 Farmer was a Soviet fighter aircraft made by Mikoyan. It first flew in 1953 and was introduced in 1955. It was meant to replace the older MiG-17 Fresco. During the Vietnam War, it was used a little by the North Vietnamese but not as much as the MiG-17 or MiG 21 Fishbed.

It had 3 30mm cannon, and could carry 4 bombsor rockets. It weighed 11,397 pounds (5,170 kilograms) empty and could weigh up to 19,621 pounds (8,900 kilograms) at the heaviest. It was powered by 2 Tumansky RD-9 jet engines, each had 7,165 pounds (3250 kilograms) of thrust with afterburner. It was 12 feet (3.6576 meters) high, had a wingspan of 29.5 feet (9 meters), and was 42 feet 11 in (13.1 meters) long. It could go 903 miles per hour (1,450 kilometers per hour), and was the first supersonic Soviet fighter.

Eventually, it was replaced by the newer MiG-21.


Camille Flammarion

Nicolas Camille Flammarion (February 26, 1842 – June 3, 1925) was a French astronomer and writer. He was usually credited as Camille Flammarion.

Herse (moon)

Herse is a moon of Jupiter. It was found by a team of astronomers led by Brett J. Gladman, "et al." in 2003 and called until 2009. 

Herse is about 2 kilometres in diameter and orbits Jupiter at an average distance of 22,134,000 kms in 672.716 days, at an inclination of 162° to the ecliptic (161° to Jupiter's equator), with an orbital eccentricity of 0.2379.

It is the closest member of the Carme group, made up of non-spherical retrograde moons orbiting Jupiter at a distance ranging between 23,000,000 and 24,000,000 kms, at an inclination of about 165°.

Johann Gottfried Galle

Johann Gottfried Galle (9 June 1812 in Radis, Saxony-Anhalt–10 July 1910 in Potsdam, Brandenburg) was a German astronomer at the Berlin Observatory who, with the help of student Heinrich Louis d'Arrest, was the first person to view the planet Neptune, and know what he was looking at. He used the calculations of Urbain Le Verrier to know where to look.

Voyager program

The Voyager program is a space exploration program of the United States' NASA agency. It consists of a pair of unmanned scientific probes, "Voyager 1" and "Voyager 2". They were launched in 1977 to take advantage of a favorable planetary alignment of the late 1970s. Although they were officially used to study just Jupiter and Saturn, the two probes were able to continue their mission into the outer solar system. They have since continued out and exited the solar system. These probes were built at JPL and were funded by NASA.

Both missions have gathered large amounts of data about the gas giants of the solar system, of which little was known before. In addition, the spacecraft paths have been used to place limits on the existence of Planet X, a planet believed by some people to be farther from the Sun than Pluto.

In 2013, NASA announced that Voyager 1 had left the solar system (Heliosphere) on 25 August 2012. It is the first man-made object to enter interstellar space. In 2018, NASA announced that Voyager 2 had reached the heliopause on 5 November of that year. Both of them are now in travelling in the interstellar space. Voyager spacecraft are the farthest spacecraft from Earth. On February 17, 1998, Voyager 1 passed the first spacecraft that completed the 1st mission to Jupiter, Pioneer 10 in the distance to the Sun at 70 AU (6.5 billion miles, 10.5 billion km) from it as the farthest spacecraft from the Sun. Voyager 2 overtook Pioneer 10 in the distance to the Sun at 133.92 AU (12.447 billion miles, 20.03 billion km) from it on July 18, 2023 as the 2nd farthest spacecraft from the Sun.


Neptune Trojan

A Neptune Trojan is an asteroid which is in the same orbit as the planet Neptune. 

Their name comes from the Trojan asteroids which have the same orbital period as a planet. As of March 2007, there are six known Neptune Trojans. They lie in the elongated, curved region around the L Lagrangian point 60° ahead of Neptune. The six Neptune Trojans are , 385571 Otrera, , 385695 Clete, and .

The discovery of in a high inclination (>25°) orbit is significant because it suggests a ‘thick’ cloud of Trojans. It is believed that large (radius ≈ 100 km) Neptune Trojans could greatly outnumber the Jupiter Trojans. 

The New Horizons spacecraft passed through the L Neptune region in 2014. It was preparing to observe Pluto and did not observe any asteroids there.

Edward Guinan

Edward Guinan is currently a professor in Villanova University's Department of Astronomy and Astrophysics. He and two colleagues discovered Neptune's ring system.

Occultation

An occultation is an event that occurs when one object is hidden by another object that passes between it and the observer. A planet, for example, can pass in front of a star. Some occultations are eclipses. The word is often used in astronomy. It can also be used in a non-astronomical sense to describe when an object in the foreground "occults" (covers up) objects in the background.

Flattening

The flattening, ellipticity, or oblateness of an oblate spheroid is the "squashing" of the spheroid's pole, down towards its equator.

Adaptive optics

Adaptive optics is a technology to improve the performance of optical systems by reducing the effects of rapidly changing optical distortion. It is commonly used on astronomical telescopes to remove the effects of atmospheric distortion. 

Adaptive optical works by measuring the distortion and rapidly compensating for it either using deformable mirrors or material with variable refractive properties. While the idea was theoretically understood for some time, it was only advances in computer technology during the 1990s that finally made the technique practical. 

Adaptive optics should not be confused with active optics, which works on a longer timescale to correct the primary mirror geometry itself. The simplest form of adaptive optics is tip-tilt correction, which corresponds to correction of the tilts of the wavefront in two dimensions (equal to correction of the position offsets for the image). This is performed using a rapidly moving tip-tilt mirror which makes small rotations around two of its axes. 

A significant fraction of the distortion introduced by the atmosphere can be removed in this way. Tip-tilt mirrors are widely used in night time and solar telescopes, to correct the effect introduced by Earth's atmosphere on the light path and improve image quality. 

Tip-tilt mirrors are effectively segmented adaptive optics mirrors with only one segment which can tip and tilt, rather than having an array of multiple segments which can tip and tilt independently.


Optical depth

Optical depth is a measure of transparency. It is defined as the fraction of radiation (or light) that is scattered or absorbed on a path. One way of visualizing optical depth is to think of a fog. The fog between a person and an object that is immediately in front of them has an optical depth of zero. As the object moves away, the optical depth increases until it reaches a large value and the object is no longer visible.


Opacity

Opacity or opaque means something that is difficult to see through or perceive. It can also mean:


Xena: Warrior Princess

Xena: Warrior Princess is an Emmy Award-winning American cult television series. It was first shown from September 15, 1995 until June 18, 2001. The series was created in 1995 by writer-producers Robert Tapert under his production tag, "Pacific Renaissance Pictures LTD". Later, there were co-executive producers. They were Sam Raimi and R. J. Stewart. The series is a spin-off from the TV series "" where Xena (Lucy Lawless) is a minor character. The series tells the story of Xena's quest to seek for her past sins as a ruthless warlord. She uses her fighting skills to help people. Gabrielle (Renee O'Connor) becomes Xena's greatest friend, her initial naïveté helps to balance Xena and helps her in seeing and fighting for the "greater good".

The series usually had between four and four million viewers on original airings. The series has positive reviews from many reviewers. It was ranked #10 on the list of "TV Guide"s Top 25 Cult TV Shows of All Time. It was nominated for Emmy awards.

"Xena"'s success has led to hundreds of tie-in products, including comics, and video games. The series has received attention in fandom (Uberfic), and has influenced the direction of other television series. The cult of the series (Fandom) remains active on the internet today.

The series is a spin-off of "Hercules: The Legendary Journeys". In fact, the saga began with three appearances Xena's special character in episodes of "Hercules: The Legendary Journeys", entitled "The Warrior Princess", "The Gauntlet" and "Unchained Heart". In the first episode, Xena is a killer, but in the third, she joins Hercules to defeat Darphus, who had taken her army. Aware that the character of Xena had been very successful among the public, producers of Hercules: The Legendary Journeys decided to make a series exclusively for it.

In "Hercules: The Legendary Journeys", Xena was played by New Zealand actress Lucy Lawless. The first actress considered to play the part was British actress Vanessa Angel, while actress Sunny Doench was thought to play the role of Gabrielle. However, neither could travel to New Zealand, the country where the series was shot entirely on location. Finally, Lucy Lawless was cast as Xena and Gabrielle was played by the American actress Renee O'Connor.

The American actor and writer Bruce Campbell played Autolycus, King of the alleged thieves, and appeared in eight episodes. After Lawless and O'Connor, Ted Raimi is the actor who plays Joxer, which has more appearances in the series: a total of 42. We continue to Kevin Tod Smith with 31 appearances, Hudson Leick and Karl Urban with 12 and Alexandra Tydings with 11. In the last episode, the eastern star Michelle Ang playing Akemi.

The theme music, composed by Joseph LoDuca, who also co-wrote the lyrics for the songs in "The Bitter Suite", was developed from the traditional Bulgarian folk song "Kaval Sviri", and was sung by "Le Mystere des Voix Bulgares". In the "Hercules: The Legendary Journeys" episode, "Unchained Heart", in which Xena is introduced, the original "Kaval Sviri" is the music used to announce Xena racing into battle.

The opening of "Xena" had two models during the series, the first was used during the first five seasons, and the second model was used only in the last season. The opening is composed of scenes from the series itself, there is background music to "Opening Sequence", combined with the voice of an announcer speaking a text that remained immutable.

"Xena Warrior Princess" and "Hercules: The Legendary Journeys" were filmed in New Zealand. Of course some places are confidential, but many scenes were recorded in places as spectacular in "Waitakere Ranges Regional Park", part of the Auckland Regional parks often credited at the end of the episodes. Most leases are on the west coast, and is approximately 30–40 miles from the centre of Auckland.

"Xena: Warrior Princess" is considered a simple television series of adventures whose key ingredients are the two protagonists in the series and their psychological development, attractive exterior in New Zealand and music composed by Joseph Loduca. Although the characters and stories in the series predate Christ, themes, emotions and relationships in the series are well connected with the world today. In addition, the series makes a particular interpretation of the ancient world. For example, represents the goddess of love and beauty, Aphrodite, as a girl silly and pampered.

One of the criticisms that more has been done to the series is the inverosimilitud the scenes of combat, as they give the characters impossible cartwheels, walk the walls and even move objects with the mind. Such scenes are inspired by action movies of Hong Kong.The series was also criticized for very often consciously mixing times, facts and historical characters. Thus, it is possible to see both the "Greek gods" as characters in biblical, Roman, Scandinavian and Eastern Arabs as well as facts so distant in time as the confrontation between David and Goliath, the birth of Jesus, or the battle of Maraton. Finally, another widespread weakness in the series are multiple inconsistencies in their arguments.

The first season of the series was addressed without many pretensions, as the producers did not want to gamble much. During this season abounded plots based on Greek myths and a focus on defining the personality of the two protagonists. In the second season were improved special effects, consolidation of the relationship between Xena and Gabrielle and increased the strength of the stories. As a negative note of the third season, preference was given to the functionality of certain episodes at the expense of stories and the essence of the characters. However, in the fourth season, the level of the series returned to the first two years in terms of quality. In this season there could be seen a transformation in the structure of the stories and treatment of the characters. It accentuated the spiritual dimension of the series and the Greek myths lost relevance in the hatch. The fifth season was a downturn in the quality of the series. This was contributed to by the pregnancy of main actress, Lucy Lawless, forcing producers to introduce a precipitous turn argumentative. The fifth season also means the start of the references to Christianity in the series. Finally, in the sixth season, the level of the series again back: improved special effects and stories, which were accompanied by excellent music by Joseph LoDuca.

"Xena: Warrior Princess" was influenced by many factors, as cultures and eras, one of the most widespread were the sources of action movies from Hong Kong, the jumps, breathing fire and the sounds of weapons in the battles were some of the things that mirrored movies. The scene of the lynching of Xena in "The Gauntlet" is almost identical to the movie "The Bride With White Hair". The fight on the stairs with Callisto on "Callisto" and the fight against Draco in head of villagers also has its roots in the genre, and the sequence "The Debt", which was almost completely influenced in the genus.

The show is a historical fantasy set in ancient Greece, although with a flexible time setting, and also features heavy Oriental, Egyptian and Medieval elements in various episodes. The series details the adventures of former Hercules villain Xena (Lucy Lawless), a reformed warlord on a quest to redeem her past sins. Xena is accompanied on her travels by Gabrielle (Renee O'Connor) a young woman who becomes her best friend and, eventually, most trusted ally.

The show freely borrows names and themes from various mythologies around the world, primarily the Greek, anachronistically adapting them to suit the demands of the storyline. Historical figures and events from a number of different historical eras and myths make numerous appearances, and the main characters are often credited with resolving important historical situations. These include an encounter with Homer, before he was famous, in which Gabrielle encourages his storytelling aspirations; the fall of Troy; and the capture of Caesar by pirates, with Xena cast as the pirate leader. This quirky mix of timelines and the amalgamation of historical and mythological elements fueled the rise of the show to cult status during the 1990s and early 2000s. It was one of the first shows to tap into its internet following, allowing for fans from all over the world to discuss and suggest things related to the show. The fandom continues to this day.

The show is a mixture of styles, ranging from high melodrama in one episode to slapstick comedy in another, from whimsical to all-out action and adventure in another. Although it is ostensibly set in ancient times, the themes of the show are essentially modern: taking responsibility for past misdeeds, the value of human life, personal liberty and sacrifice, and friendship. The flexible fantasy framework of the show accommodates a considerable range of styles, including an original musical episode, "The Bitter Suite". Although the show often addresses ethical dilemmas such as the morality of pacifism, the storylines rarely seek to provide unequivocal solutions.



There have been numerous "Xena" spin-offs into various media including movies, books, comics and video games.

In August 1997 "" a DTV animated movie was released, featuring the voices of a number of actors from both "Hercules: The Legendary Journeys" and "Xena: Warrior Princess". The movie plot involves Hercules' mother being kidnapped by Zeus and the release of the Titans. Xena and Gabrielle have supporting roles in the movie, and at one point Xena even bursts into song.

Since the end of the series rumors have circulated that a feature-length movie was in the works. In 2003 Screenwriter Katherine Fugate was approached for the project, and was quoted saying that she expects the start of production to be three to five years away, which suggests a release sometime between 2006 and 2009. Actress Lucy Lawless has been quoted in several interviews as saying she would be interested in participating in a "Xena" movie as well.

Books have been released as tie-ins, including "Xena Warrior Princess: Complete Illustrated Companion". There have also been a number of novelizations by authors like Martin H. Greenberg.

A book was also released in 1998, "XENA: All I Need to Know I Learned From the Warrior Princess", allegedly written by Gabrielle, Bard of Poteidaia, and was "translated" by Josepha Sherman. It contains Gabrielle's viewpoint on many of the adventures she and Xena embarked on, and also includes eight pages of black-and-white photographs from the show. The book is basically Gabrielle talking about her view of the world on many different subjects. For example, in one of the chapters, "Anything can be a weapon- Anything!", she instructs the reader on fighting without traditional weapons, such as a sword or a staff, and in another, "Nobody likes a winer", she laments on the perils of alcohol.

It also launched "The Official Guide to the Xenaverse", by Robert Weisbrot, with photographs in color and black and white, a complete and detailed episode guide to the first two seasons, a look behind the scenes, the intriguing story of the origin of "Xena: Warrior Princess", biographies of cast and crew and trivias about the show.

There is also the fictional books, how "The Empty Throne", "The Huntress and The Sphinx", "The Thief Of Hermes", and "Prophecy of Darkness." A recent academic monograph on the series is Wim Tigges' "Her Courage Will Change the World": An Appraisal of Xena: Warrior Princess", which was self-published through "lulu.com".

There have been a number of comic adaptations. The earliest ones were released by Dark Horse Comics and written by Ian Edginton and John Wagner. More recently the license has moved to Dynamite Entertainment.


"Anchor Bay Entertainment" has released all 6 Seasons as well as the 10th Anniversary Collection of "Xena: Warrior Princess" on DVD in Region 1 for the first time. The series has also been released on DVD in Region 2 & Region 4. Only Region 1 DVDs contain special features, Regions 2/3/4 do not have any bonus material on them. The Region 2 releases of Season 1 contain the episodes out of order, creating a number of continuity problems when watching them in the order in which they are presented. The order on these DVDs is episode 1, then episodes 10 through 19, then episode 2, then episodes 21 through 24, and finally episodes 3 through 9. There are also several small changes, such as headbutts and claps over the ears.

"Xena: Warrior Princess" has been referred to as a pop cultural phenomenon and feminist icon. The television series, which employed pop culture references as a frequent humorous device, has itself become a frequent pop culture reference in video games, comics and television shows, and has been frequently parodied and spoofed.

"Xena: Warrior Princess" has been credited by many, including "Buffy the Vampire Slayer" creator Joss Whedon, with blazing the trail for a new generation of female action heroes such as Buffy, Max of "Dark Angel", Sydney Bristow of Alias, and the Bride in Quentin Tarantino's "Kill Bill".

Xena and Gabrielle's relationship has been cited as one of the reasons why the series has been so popular, coupled with the denials of her character's lesbianism from Lawless while the series was running. U.S. Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice has been nicknamed "Warrior Princess" by her staff.

The popularity of "Xena: Warrior Princess" has led to websites, online discussion forums, works of Xena fan fiction and several unofficial fan-made productions.

In 2005, the team that discovered the dwarf planet nicknamed it "Xena" in honor of the TV character. On October 1, 2005, the team announced that had a moon, which they had nicknamed "Gabrielle". The objects were officially named Eris and Dysnomia by the International Astronomical Union on September 13, 2006. Although the official names have legitimate roots in Greek mythology, Dysnomia is also Greek for "lawlessness", perpetuating the link with Lucy Lawless.

"Xena" has enjoyed a particular cult status in the lesbian community. Some of the lesbian fan base sees Xena and Gabrielle as a couple and has embraced them as role models and lesbian icons. A group called The Marching Xenas has participated in many gay and lesbian pride parades.

A subject of much interest and debate among viewers is the question of whether Xena and Gabrielle are lovers. The issue is left deliberately ambiguous by the show's writers. Jokes, innuendo, and other subtle evidence of a romantic relationship between Xena and Gabrielle is referred to as "lesbian subtext" or simply "subtext" by fans. The issue of the true nature of the Xena/Gabrielle relationship caused intense debates in the fandom, which turned especially impassioned due to spillover from real-life debates about same-sex sexuality and gay rights.

Some fans felt that the sexual nature of Xena and Gabrielle's relationship was cemented by an interview given by Lucy Lawless to "Lesbian News" magazine in 2003. Lawless stated that after the series finale, where Gabrielle revives Xena with a mouth-to-mouth water transfer filmed to look like a full kiss, she had come to believe that Xena and Gabrielle's relationship was "definitely gay... there was always a 'well, she might be or she might not be' but when there was that drip of water passing between their lips in the very final scene, that cemented it for me. Now it wasn't just that Xena was bisexual and kinda liked her gal pal and they kind of fooled around sometimes, it was 'Nope, they're married, man'." However, in the interviews and commentaries on the DVD sets released in 2003-2005, the actors, writers and producers continued to stress the ambiguity of the relationship, and Ares was also considered at least as a potential love interest for Xena.

The "Xena" fandom also popularized the term Altfic (from "alternative fiction") to refer to same-sex romantic fan fiction. Many fans felt the term slash fiction carried the connotation of being about male/male couples only and was not a good description for romantic fan fiction about Xena and Gabrielle.

In 2006, Lucy Lawless donated her personal Xena costume to the Museum of American History. In an interview the same year with "Smithsonian" magazine, she was asked the question "Was the Warrior Princess outfit comfortable?" and she responded:

Uberfic is a kind of alternative universe fan fiction in which characters or events are portrayed somewhat closely to original canon but usually in a different time period, many times featuring the ancestors, descendants or reincarnations of canon characters. The term originated in "Xena: Warrior Princess" fandom. This sort of story was used by the series itself, beginning with the second-season episode "The Xena Scrolls".


English free settlers

English free settlers were people that chose to go to New Holland (now Australia). They were not forced to go there, as the convicts were. The English free settlers went to Australia between the late 18th century and the early 19th century. When the English free settlers got to Australia, they landed in the southern part of the continent. That was the only colony created by the free settlers. 

The English free settlers went to Australia to be free. They wanted to make money as well. They also wanted to explore Australian families who wanted a better life with their children. Some people called the English Free settlers "pilgrims".
In the early years of the colony, very few settlers came to Australia. Free settlers had to fund their own transport and were usually quite wealthy. The few who made the journey to Australia did so mostly to make their fortune. They were often given large land grants and convicts to work for them.

Meter (poetry)

In poetry, meter (British English spelling: metre) means the rhythmic patterns in a verse.

The units of poetic meter, like rhyme, vary from language to language and between poetic traditions. They can involve arrangements of syllables into repeated patterns called "feet" within a line. English meter is founded on the patterns of stressed and unstressed syllables. In Latin and Greek verse, on the other hand, while the metrical units are similar, not syllable stresses but syllable lengths are the component parts of meter.

Verse (poetry)

In poetry a verse is technically a single line in a poem. A poem is a "metrical composition".

However, in common use, a verse is a group of lines in a poem which make up a paragraph. It consists of several lines, either in print for reading, or in a song. In the poems and theatre of Ancient Greece these units were called strophes.


Line (disambiguation)

Line or lines could mean:

People:

In science and technology:

In transport:

In business:

In the military:

In sport:

In the arts:

The abbreviation LINE could mean:


S/2003 J 9

It belongs to the Carme group, made up of non-spherical retrograde moons orbiting Jupiter at a distance ranging between 23,000,000 and 24,000,000 km and at an inclination of about 165°.

Dynamic pressure

In fluid dynamics dynamic pressure depends on density and velocity of the fluid. 

It is defined by the following equation:

where (using SI units):

Dynamic pressure is closely related to the kinetic energy of a fluid particle, since both quantities are proportional to the particle's mass (through the density, in the case of dynamic pressure) and square of the velocity. Dynamic pressure is in fact one of the terms of Bernoulli's equation, which is essentially an equation of energy conservation for a fluid in motion.



Lichtenberg

Lichtenberg was a borough in Berlin. Since the boundary changes of 2001, it has been a district of the new borough of Lichtenberg-Hohenschönhausen.

From 1945 to German Reunification Lichtenberg was part of East Berlin.

Aaron Burr

Aaron Burr, Jr. (February 6, 1751, – September 14, 1836) was an American politician, Revolutionary War hero and the third vice president of the United States (1801 – 1805). He was born in Newark, province of New Jersey.
Burr fought in the American Revolutionary War, reaching the rank of Colonel.
After the war, Burr was a leader of the Democratic-Republican Party and served in the New York State Assembly, as New York State Attorney General, and as a United States Senator before serving as Vice President.

Burr killed Alexander Hamilton in a duel in 1804, when Burr was still Vice President.

Burr conspired to form a new country in Mexico. He wanted to be present if and when Spain and Mexico went to war. Some people, including President Thomas Jefferson, who had picked a different vice president for his second term, saw Burr's actions as treason. However, in 1807 Burr was found innocent of the charges. He was often thought of by his enemies as unreliable. Burr died in 1836.

Charlotte Lindström

Charlotte Karin Lindström (born August 9, 1984 in Sollentuna, Sweden) is a former waitress, promotion model, convicted criminal and former prisoner. 
She was arrested on May 26, 2007, and had to spend three years in jail in Sydney, Australia. When she was arrested, people suspected she was trying to hire a hitman to kill two men who were about to testify against her boyfriend Steven Spaliviero in court.

Lindström arrived in Sydney in 2003 working as a part-time model as well as a waitress in the exclusive nightclub Hemmesphere in Sydney.

In Sydney Lindström met Steven Spaliviero and they soon started a relationship living in an apartment in Darling Harbour. Lindström later told the court that she soon realised that he was both a rich businessman and a drug dealer. In early 2007, investigators started to look into Spaliviero's business and soon found two witnesses who said they had information about the man's drug dealing business. At that time Spaliviero was already on bail from Melbourne in relation to another drug case. Spaliviero was arrested, refused bail and sent to Metropolitan Remand and Reception Centre ("MRRC") in Silverwater, New South Wales.

In MRRC Spaliviero allegedly met another inmate who offered him to get witnesses in Spaliviero's case killed. In relation to this Spaliviero phoned Lindström from MRRC telling her to meet a "solicitor" and give him money. 
Lindström started acting upon instructions from Spaliviero. When Lindström finally met who she thought was a hitman, but who in reality was an undercover policeman, she was arrested. The policeman on the case stated that Lindström wanted to have two men in the "cemetery" (i.e. dead). The price was agreed as AUD 100,000 for each contract.

Upon her arrest on May 26 Lindström was remanded in custody. Later an application for bail was made where Steven Spaliviero's mother, Dolores Spaliviero, offered to put up AUD 2,000,000 surety to get Lindström out from custody. In addition, Lindström's friend and employer, Justin Hemmes promising that if Lindström was set free on bail, he would let her continue her work at the Hemmesphere nightclub until trial. The application for bail was denied due to flight risk and Lindström was remanded in custody.

On September 18, having had a deal made with the prosecutors, Lindström pled guilty to the charges. On December 21, she pled guilty again in another court in Sydney. Lindström appeared in a bullet-proof vest at her court hearings because of the alleged death threats against her life.

Lindström was initially sentenced to four years in jail being eligible for early parole on May 25 2009. Even though Lindström was given a hefty discount from her sentence because she had agreed to testify against Steven Spaliviero and two other men, the Crown appealed against the sentence as "manifestly inadequate". The criminal court of appeals heard the appeal on July 4 2008.

On 23 July 2008 her maximum sentence was increased from three years and 10 months to four years and nine months, making her eligible for parole in May, 2010.

On August 11 2008 Lindström started testifying against Spaliviero in his court case, among others reading a love letter to the court which she had written to him in February 2007 some months before her own arrest. Despite Lindström's extensive testimonies Spaliviero and two other defendants were found not guilty for the murder plot.

Lindström was released on parole from Long Bay jail in New South Wales on 25 May 2010 and deported the next day from Australia. Since her release from prison, Lindström has returned to her native home Sweden and is understood to have had ongoing threats against her life.

According to the Australian media, on 15 August 2010, Charlotte Lindström agreed to return to Australia to testify in the trial of her former boyfriend's associate. Due to an unspecified severe illness, she has not been allowed to travel to Australia. The upcoming trial has been postponed.

On 14 November 2010, Australian Channel 9 aired an exclusive interview of Charlotte Lindström named "Charlotte's web", in which she appeared with her face unobscured despite allegations that she is living under death threats.

On 6 September 2011, Channel 9 in Australia aired a documentary concentrating on Charlotte Lindström's murder plot. According to an article in the Sydney Morning Herald Charlotte Lindström "no longer has feelings for" Steven Spaliviero.

Bilten

Bilten was a municipality in the canton of Glarus in Switzerland. On 1 January 2011 the municipalities of Bilten, Filzbach, Mollis, Mühlehorn, Näfels, Niederurnen, Oberurnen and Obstalden joined together to become the new municipality of Glarus Nord.


Braunwald

Braunwald is a former municipality, in the municipality of Glarus Süd and canton of Glarus in Switzerland.


Elm, Switzerland

Elm was a municipality, in the municipality of Glarus Süd and canton of Glarus in Switzerland.

It is the municipality farthest south in the valley of the Sernf.
Russian General Alexander Suvarov and his troops stayed the night in Elm before crossing Panix Pass to Pigniu on their retreat into Austria.

On September 11, 1881, an avalanche caused by too much mining of slate killed 114 people and buried 83 structures in the municipality.


Engi

Engi was a municipality, in the municipality of Glarus Süd and canton of Glarus in Switzerland.


Ennenda

Ennenda was a municipality, in the municipality of Glarus and canton of Glarus in Switzerland.


Filzbach

Filzbach was a municipality in the municipality of Glarus Nord and canton of Glarus in Switzerland.


Glarus (city)

Glarus (German: ) is the capital of the Canton of Glarus in Switzerland.

Glarus is on the Linth River. It is at the foot of the Glärnisch foothills.
The first mention of the town is from 1178.

It became the capital of the Linth valley in 1419. In the 1700s and 1800s, the valley began to be industrialized.

In 1864, the first European labor law to protect workers was introduced in Glarus, prohibiting requiring workers to work more than 12 hours a day.

Since 1 January 2011, the municipality Glarus includes the former municipalities of Ennenda, Netstal and Riedern.


Haslen

Haslen was a municipality of the canton of Glarus in Switzerland. On July 1, 2006, Haslen merged with the municipalities of Leuggelbach and Nidfurn. On 1 January 2011, the former municipalities of Haslen, Betschwanden, Braunwald, Elm, Engi, Linthal, Luchsingen, Matt, Switzerland, Mitlödi, Rüti, Schwanden, Schwändi and Sool merged into the new municipality of Glarus Süd.


Linthal

Linthal was a municipality of the canton of Glarus in Switzerland. On 1 January 2011, the former municipalities of Linthal, Betschwanden, Braunwald, Elm, Engi, Haslen, Luchsingen, Matt, Mitlödi, Rüti, Schwanden, Schwändi and Sool merged into the municipality of Glarus Süd.


Luchsingen

Luchsingen was a municipality, in the municipality of Glarus Süd and canton of Glarus in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2004, the former municipalities of Hätzingen and Diesbach were merged into the municipality of Luchsingen.

Oberblegisee is in the municipality.


Matt, Switzerland

Matt was a municipality, in the municipality of Glarus Süd and canton of Glarus in Switzerland.


Agno

Agno is a municipality of the district of Lugano, canton of Ticino in Switzerland. It is not far from the city of Lugano.

Lugano Airport is in this municipality.


Airolo

Airolo is a municipality of the district of Leventina in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.

Airolo is also a small ski-resort with 30 kilometres of ski slopes.


Alto Malcantone

Alto Malcantone is a municipality of the district of Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland. It was formed on 13 March 2005 from the earlier municipalities of Arosio, Breno, Fescoggia, Mugena and Vezio.


Balerna

Balerna is a municipality of the district of Mendrisio in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.


Castel San Pietro

Castel San Pietro is a municipality of the district of Mendrisio in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.

Chiasso

Chiasso is a municipality of the district of Mendrisio in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.


Morbio Inferiore

Morbio Inferiore is a municipality of the canton of Ticino, Switzerland. It is in the hills above Chiasso. It is in the district of Mendrisio.


Caneggio

Caneggio was a municipality of the district of Mendrisio in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland. On 25 October 2009, the former municipalities of Bruzella, Cabbio, Caneggio, Morbio Superiore, Muggio and Sagno merged into the new municipality of Breggia.

Cabbio

Cabbio was a municipality of the district Mendrisio in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland. On 25 October 2009, the former municipalities of Bruzella, Cabbio, Caneggio, Morbio Superiore, Muggio and Sagno merged into the new municipality of Breggia

Vacallo

Vacallo is a municipality of the district of Mendrisio in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.

The current population is almost 3,000 people. The coat of arms of Vacallo is a V with three bunches of grapes. Each bunch of grapes symbolises the three parishes or 'frazione' of the municipality.


Sagno

Sagno is a former municipality of the district Mendrisio in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland. On 25 October 2009 the former municipalities of Bruzella, Cabbio, Caneggio, Morbio Superiore, Muggio and Sagno merged into the new municipality of Breggia.

Aarwangen District

Aarwangen is a district in the northeast corner of the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

The district includes the following 25 municipalities and has an area of 154 km²:


Aarau District

The district of Aarau in the Swiss Canton of Aargau has the following municipalities: 

Baden District, Aargau

Baden is a district in the canton of Aargau, Switzerland. The capital city is the town of Baden. The largest municipality is Wettingen. The district has 26 municipalities, an area of 153.07 km², and a population of 121,071.

Bremgarten District

Bremgarten is a Swiss district in the Canton of Aargau.

It has a total of 25 municipalities, listed below:

Brugg District

Brugg is a district in the Canton of Aargau, Switzerland, it is south of the Aare and the Aargauer Jura covers the district. The capital of the district is Brugg. 

It contains the following municipalities:
Localities of 


Kulm District

Kulm is an administrative district in the canton of Aargau, Switzerland. It is west of Lake Hallwil and covers parts of the Wyna and Suhre valleys. The principal town is Unterkulm; the largest municipality is Reinach. The district contains 17 municipalities, is 101.35 km² in area and has a total population of 36,700 people .

Laufenburg District

Laufenburg is a district of the canton of Aargau, Switzerland. The capital is the town of Laufenburg.

It contains the following municipalities:

Chuck Norris

Carlos Ray "Chuck" Norris (born March 10, 1940) is an American actor. martial artist and celebrity. He served in the United States Air Force. He became famous as a martial artist and started his own school, Chun Kuk Do. Norris was cast in several action movies, such as "Way of the Dragon". He was The Cannon Group's star in the 1980s. He played Cordell Walker in the action television series "Walker, Texas Ranger" from 1993 to 2001.

Norris is a political conservative.

He has written books on Christianity. In 2007 and 2008, he campaigned for former Arkansas Governor Mike Huckabee, who was running for the Republican nomination for President in 2008. In the 2012 election he endorsed former Speaker of the House Newt Gingrich, and he supported Donald Trump in 2016. Norris also is a columnist for the conservative website "WorldNetDaily".



George Clinton (vice president)

George Clinton (July 26, 1739 – April 20, 1812) was an American soldier and politician. He was the first (and longest-serving) governor of New York. He then was Vice President of the United States under Thomas Jefferson and James Madison (1805–1812).

Clinton was born in the state of New York. Clinton fought with the British in the French and Indian War.

Clinton was a member of the Continental Congress and voted for the Declaration of Independence. He was a friend of George Washington and served with and supplied the Continental Army.

Clinton was a member of the Democratic-Republican Party. Clinton was vice president under two different presidents. He is one out of two vice presidents who did this; John C. Calhoun served under two presidents as well. Clinton was also a candidate for president in the 1808 election and did receive six electoral votes.

DeWitt Clinton, his nephew, also became governor of New York. George Clinton is of no relation to the 42nd president, Bill Clinton, who took his stepfather's surname as a child. 

Ignatius of Antioch

Saint Ignatius of Antioch (also known as Theophorus) (AD. 35-107) was the third Bishop or Patriarch of Antioch and a student of the Apostle John. En route to his martyrdom in Rome, Ignatius wrote a series of letters, including one to Polycarp, bishop of Smyrna, who had also known John. These letters are an example of the theology of the earliest Christians. Important topics addressed in these letters include ecclesiology, the sacraments, and the role of bishops.

Ignatius' feast day is observed on 17 October in Western Christianity and 20 December in Eastern Christianity.

Ignatius became Bishop of Antioch after Saint Peter and Evodius, who died around 67. 
Besides the Latin name, Ignatius, he also called himself Theophorus ("God Bearer"), and tradition says he was one of the children Jesus took in His arms and blessed. Ignatius was most likely a disciple of the Apostle John.

Ignatius is generally considered to be one of the Apostolic Fathers (the earliest authoritative group of the Church Fathers) and a saint by the Roman Catholic Church, Lutheran Church, Eastern Orthodox Church and Anglican/Episcopal Church who celebrate his feast day on October 17, and the Orthodox and Eastern Catholic churches, who celebrate his feast day on December 20. Ignatius based his authority on living his life in imitation of Christ.

Ignatius was arrested by the authorities and transported to Rome under trying conditions:

He died as a martyr in the arena. This was during the reign of Trajan. The Roman authorities hoped to make an example of him and thus discourage Christianity from spreading. Instead, he met with and encouraged Christians who flocked to meet him all along his route, and he wrote seven letters to the churches in the region and one to a fellow bishop.



Eupheme (moon)

Eupheme is a moon of Jupiter. It was found by a team of astronomers from the University of Hawaii led by Scott S. Sheppard in 2003. It used to be called . It was named Eupheme in 2019.

Eupheme is about 2 kilometres in diameter, and orbits Jupiter at an average distance of 19,622,000 km in 561.518 days, at an inclination of 146° to the ecliptic (146° to Jupiter's equator), with an orbital eccentricity of 0.2507.

It belongs to the Ananke group, retrograde non-spherical moons which orbit Jupiter between 19,300,000 and 22,700,000 km, at inclinations of about 150°.

Stephen

Stephen or Steven (generally pronounced ) is an English masculine first name, comes the Latin form "Stephanus" and that from the Greek "Στέφανος" ("Stephanos"), which means "crown" or "wreath." This name was ranked #341 on the US Popular Names in 2021. 

Other spellings are Stephan, Stefan, Stephaen, Stevie, and Stevon. Steve is the common short form and various diminutives such as Stevie are also found. Many family names come from Stephen: the most common are Stephens/Stevens and Stephenson/Stevenson (others include Stephen, Stephan, Stefan, Stevin, and Stever).






Lenzburg District

Lenzburg is a district of the Canton of Aargau in Switzerland. The capital is the town of Lenzburg. The district contains a total of 20 municipalities:

Muri District

Muri is a district in the Swiss Canton of Aargau with the capital of Muri.

It contains the following municipalities:

Diminutive

A diminutive is a formation of a word used to express smallness of the object or quality that is meant with the word the diminutive is formed from.

Diminutives are common in most dialects of English. Terms such as "undies" for underwear and "movie" for "moving picture" are frequently heard terms in English. 

Common diminutives are:

Rheinfelden District

Rheinfelden is a district of the canton of Aargau in Switzerland. The capital is Rheinfelden. 

It contains 14 municipalities:

Zofingen District

Zofingen is a district in the Swiss canton of Aargau. It is in the southwest corner of the canton. 

It contains the following municipalities:

S/2003 J 16

It belongs to the Ananke group, retrograde non-spherical moons which orbit Jupiter between 19,300,000 and 22,700,000 km, at inclinations of about 150°.

Licinius

Flavius Galerius Valerius Licinianus Licinius (c. 250 - 325) was Roman emperor from 308 AD to 324 AD.

Licinius went with his close friend the Emperor Galerius on the Persian expedition in 297. After the death of Flavius Valerius Severus, Galerius declared Licinius emperor honorific in the West in 308. 

On the death of Galerius, in May 311, Licinius shared the entire empire with Maximinus Daia. The Hellespont and the Bosporus were the dividing line.

In 313 he married Flavia Julia Constantia, half-sister of Constantine, at Mediolanum (now Milan). Together with Constantine he issued the "Edict of Milan" that allowed Christianity to be professed in the empire. 
On April 30, Licinius won against Maximinus at the Battle of Tzirallum. So he became master of the East, while his brother-in-law, Constantine, was master in the West.

In 314, a civil war began between Licinius and Constantine. Constantine won at Cibalae in Pannonia and again 2 years later in Thrace. Then followed a period during which they worked together. But in 324 Constantine attacked him again and Licinius had to give up. Because his wife, Constantine's sister, asked for his survival he was not killed immediately. In 325 Constantine accused him of starting a conspiracy with the barbarians and had him killed.

Socrates Scholasticus account of Licinius' end

Zurzach District

Zurzach is a district in the Swiss Canton of Aargau with the capital of Zurzach. 

It contains the following municipalities:

Aarau

Aarau is the capital of the northern Swiss canton of Aargau. The city is also the capital of the district of Aarau. Most of the people in the municipality speak German. To the west of Aarau is the canton of Solothurn. It is the third-largest city in Aargau after Wettingen and Baden. 

The old city of Aarau lies on a rocky cliff where the Aar river valley narrows at the southern foot of the Jura mountains. Newer parts of the city can be found farther south of the river valley. The neighboring municipalities are Küttigen to the north, Rohr and Buchs to the east, Suhr to the south-east, Unterentfelden to the south, and Eppenberg-Wöschnau and Erlinsbach to the west. Aarau and the other municipalities have merged over the years. The only exceptions are Unterentfelden and Eppenberg-Wöschnau to the south, which are divided from Aarau by the large forests of Gönhard and Zelgli.

A few artifacts from the Neolithic period were found in Aarau. Near the present train station, the ruins of a settlement from the Bronze Age (about 1000 BC) have been excavated. The Roman road between Salodurum (Solothurn) and Vindonissa passed through the area, along the route now covered by the Bahnhofstrasse. In 1976 divers in the Aar found part of a seven-meter wide wooden bridge from the late Roman times.
Aarau was founded around 1240 A.D. by the counts of Kyburg. The earliest use of the place name was in 1248 (in the form Arowe), and probably referred to the settlement in the area before the founding of the city. It comes, along with the name of the River Aar (which was called Arula, Arola, and Araris in early times), from the German Au, meaning floodplain. The first certain reference to the city dates to 1256. The town was ruled from the "Rore" tower, which has been incorporated into the modern city hall. 

In 1273 the counts of Kyburg died out. Agnes of Kyburg, who had no male relations, sold the family's lands to King Rudolf I von Habsburg. He granted Aarau its city rights in 1283. In the 14th Century the city was expanded in two stages, and a second defensive wall was built. A deep ditch separated the city from its "suburb;" its location is today marked by a wide street named "Graben" (meaning ditch).

In 1415 Bern invaded lower Aargau with the help of Solothurn. Aarau was forced to swear allegiance to the new rulers. In the 16th Century, the rights of the lower classes were abolished. In March 1528 the citizens of Aarau allowed the introduction of Protestantism at the urging of the Bernese. A growth in population during the 16th Century led to taller buildings and more dense construction methods. Early forms of industry developed at this time; however, unlike in other cities, no guilds were formed in Aarau.

Starting in the early 18th century, the textile industry was established in Aarau. German immigration introduced cotton and silk factories. These highly educated immigrants were also responsible for education reform and the enlightened, revolutionary spirit that developed in Aarau.
On December 27, 1797, the last Tagsatzung of the Old Swiss Confederacy was held in Aarau. Two weeks later a French envoy continued to foment the revolutionary opinions of the city. The contrast between a high level of education and a low level of political rights was great in Aarau, and the city refused to send troops to defend the Bernese border. By Mid-March 1798 Aarau was occupied by French troops.

On March 22, 1798 Aarau was declared the capital of the Helvetic Republic. It was the first capital of a unified Switzerland. Parliament met in the city hall. On September 20, the capital was moved to Lucerne.
In 1803, Napoleon ordered the cantons of Aargau, Baden and Fricktal to be joined together. Aarau was declared the capital of the new, bigger canton of Aargau. In 1820 the city wall was torn down, apart from the individual towers and gates, and the defensive ditches were filled in.

The wooden bridge, dating from the Middle Ages, across the Aar was destroyed by floods three times in thirty years, and was replaced with a steel suspension bridge in 1851. This was replaced by a concrete bridge in 1952. The city connected to the Swiss Central Railroad in 1856.

The textile industry in Aarau broke down in about 1850 because of the protectionist tariff policies of neighboring states. Other industries had developed by that time to replace it, including the production of mathematical instruments, shoes and cement. Beginning in 1900, numerous electrical enterprises developed. By the 1960s, more citizens worked in service industries or for the canton-level government than in manufacturing. During the 1980s many of the industries left Aarau completely.

In 1802 the Canton School was established; it was the first non-parochial high school in Switzerland. It developed a good reputation, and was home to Nobel Prize winners Albert Einstein, Paul Karrer, and Werner Arber, as well as several Swiss politicians and authors.

The purchase of a manuscript collection in 1803 laid the foundation for what would become the Cantonal Library, which contains a Bible annotated by Huldrych Zwingli. More newspapers developed in the city, maintaining the revolutionary atmosphere of Aarau. Beginning in 1820, Aarau has been a refuge for political refugees.

A Theater and Concert Hall was built in 1883. It was renovated and expanded in 1995-96. The Aargau Nature Museum opened in 1922. A former cloth warehouse was transformed into a small theater in 1974, and the alternative culture center KIFF (Culture in the fodder factory) was established in a former animal fodder factory.

The historic old city forms an irregular square, consisting of four parts (called Stoecke). To the south lies the "suburb", that is, the part of the town which was outside the city wall. One special characteristic of the city is its painted gables, for which Aarau is sometimes called the "City of beautiful Gables".

The buildings in the old city were mostly built during the 16th century, when nearly all the Middle Age period buildings were replaced or expanded. The architectural development of the city ended in the 18th century, when the city began to expand beyond its (still existing) wall. Most of the buildings in the "suburb" date from this time. The "Schlössli" (small Castle), Rore Tower and the upper gate tower have remained nearly unchanged since the 13th century. The "Schlössli" is the oldest building in the city. It was already founded at the time of the establishment of the city shortly after 1200; the exact date is not known. City hall was built around Rore Tower in 1515. The upper gate tower stands beside the southern gate in the city wall, along the road to Lucerne and Bern. The jail has been in it since the Middle Ages. A Carillon was erected in the tower in the middle of the 20th century, the bells for which were provided by the centuries-old bell manufacturers of Aarau.

The town church was built between 1471 and 1478. During the Reformation, in 1528, its twelve altars and accompanying pictures were destroyed. The "Justice fountain" (Gerechtskeitbrunnen) was built in 1634, and is made of French limestone; it includes a statue of Lady Justice made of sandstone, hence the name. It was originally in the street in front of city hall, but was moved to its present location in front of the town church in 1905 due to increased traffic.

The Ccanton government offices can be found throughout the city and they employ a lot of people. 

One of the two head offices of the "Aargauer Zeitung", Switzerland's fifth largest newspaper, can be found in Aarau.

Kern & Co., founded in 1819, was an internationally known geodetic instrument manufacturer based in Aarau. It was taken over by Wild Leitz in 1988, and was closed in 1991.

More than half of the workers in Aarau live in the city's suburbs, or on the outskirts of the city. Aarau gets some jams of cars and buses sometimes during rush hour.

Things made in Aarau are: bells, mathematical instruments, electrical goods, cotton textiles, chemicals, shoes, and other products.




S/2003 J 10

It belongs to the Carme group, made up of non-spherical retrograde moons orbiting Jupiter at a distance ranging between 23,000,000 and 24,000,000 km and at an inclination of about 165°.

Aarburg

Aarburg is a municipality of the district Zofingen in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.


Abtwil, Aargau

Abtwil is a municipality in Muri, which is in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Ammerswil

Ammerswil is a municipality of the district Lenzburg in canton of Aargau in Switzerland. It is located 3 km south-east of the town of Lenzburg.

Edict of Milan

The Edict of Milan was a letter signed by the Roman emperors Constantine and Licinius, that proclaimed religious toleration in the Roman Empire. The letter was issued in February, 313 AD and removed the persecution of Christians.

With the Edict of Milan there began a period when Constantine granted favors to the Christian Church and its members. The exact words of the edict are no longer known.

The Edict of Milan was issued in 313 AD, in the names of the Roman Emperors Constantine I, who ruled the western parts of the Empire, and Licinius, who ruled the East. The two emperors were in Milan to celebrate the wedding of Constantine's sister with Licinius. 

There had been already an edict of toleration issued by the emperor Galerius in 311. They were granted an indulgence, not favors. 

"Wherefore, for this our indulgence, they ought to pray to their God for our safety, for that of the republic, and for their own, that the commonwealth may continue uninjured on every side, and that they may be able to live securely in their homes."

But by the Edict of Milan the meeting places and other properties which had been taken from the Christians were to be returned: 
"...the same shall be restored to the Christians without payment or any claim of recompense and without any kind of fraud or deception..."


Bible History
Aristau

Aristau is a municipality of the district Muri in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Arni, Aargau

Arni is a municipality of the district Bremgarten in the Swiss canton of Aargau.


Religious toleration

Religious toleration is people allowing other people to think or practice other religions and beliefs. In a country with a state religion, "toleration" means that the government allows other religions to be there. Many countries in past centuries allowed other religions but only in privacy. This has become rare. Others allow public religion but practice religious discrimination in other ways. It allow to follow and practice.




Attelwil

Attelwil is a former municipality of the district Zofingen in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland. On 1 January 2019, Attelwil merged into the municipality of Reitnau.

Jupiter LXI

Jupiter LXI, also known as , is a moon of Jupiter. It was found by a team of astronomers led by Brett J. Gladman, et al. in 2003.

Jupiter LXI is about 2 kilometres in diameter, and orbits Jupiter at an average distance of 22,709,000 km in 699.125 days, at an inclination of 165° to the ecliptic (164° to Jupiter's equator), with an orbital eccentricity of 0.1961.

It belongs to the Carme group, made up of non-spherical retrograde moons orbiting Jupiter at a distance ranging between 23,000,000 and 24,000,000 km and at an inclination of about 165°.

Aigle (district)

Aigle is a district of the canton of Vaud, Switzerland.

It contains the following municipalities: 


Aubonne (district)

Aubonne was a district of the canton of Vaud in Switzerland. The capital was Aubonne.

It contained the following municipalities:


Avenches (district)

Avenches was a district of the Canton of Vaud, Switzerland. The capital was the town of Avenches. As of 2006 it is part of the Broye-Vully District.

It contained the following municipalities:


Cossonay (district)

Cossonay was a district of the Canton of Vaud, Switzerland. The capital was the town of Cossonay.

Échallens (district)

Echallens was a district of the Canton of Vaud, Switzerland. The capital was the town of Echallens. As of 2006 it is part of the Gros-de-Vaud District.

It contained the following municipalities:


Grandson (district)

Grandson was a district of the Canton of Vaud in Switzerland. The capital was the town of Grandson. As of 2006 it is part of the Jura-Nord vaudois District.

The district had the following municipalities:


Theodosius I

Theodosius I (11 January 347 – 17 January 395), also called Theodosius the Great, was Roman emperor from 379 to 395. He was a general in the Roman army and the son of another general, Theodosius the Elder. When the emperor Valens died in battle fighting the Goths, Valens' nephew, the emperor Gratian, made Theodosius emperor. Theodosius married Gratian's sister. While emperor, Theodosius overcame three civil wars in the empire. Gratian and his brother the emperor Valentinian II both died young, and Theodosius made his own sons Arcadius and Honorius emperors. Theodosius made Christianity the official state religion of the Roman Empire and made other religions illegal.

Where Theodosius () was born is unknown. According to Hydatius and Zosimus, Theodosius was born in what is now Coca, Spain. However, Marcellinus Comes writes that he was from Italica, Hispania (now in Spain). His father was a military officer.

Theodosius died in Milan on January 17, 395. When he died he was made into a god. Parts of the Christian Church name Theodosius a saint.

Theodosius made the Nicene Creed the official belief system of the Roman Empire. Prior to that, many different creeds were believed. The Nicene Creed states that that Jesus, the Son, is equal to God the Father. Other people, such as Arius, said that Jesus was inferior to the Father. Theodosius affirmed the faith that the Council of Nicea agreed on.


Lausanne (district)

Lausanne is a district of the canton of Vaud, Switzerland. The capital is the city of Lausanne.

It contains the following municipalities:

Ernest Shackleton

Sir Ernest Henry Shackleton (15 February 1874 – 5 January 1922) was a polar explorer.

Shackleton led three British expeditions to the Antarctic. He was one of the principal figures of the "Heroic Age of Antarctic Exploration". The Shackletons were originally from Yorkshire, but Shackleton was born in County Kildare, Ireland. Shackleton and his Anglo-Irish family moved to Sydenham in suburban London when he was ten. 

His first experience of the polar regions was as third officer on Captain Robert Falcon Scott's Discovery Expedition, 1901–04, from which he was sent home early on health grounds. Determined to do better, he returned to Antarctica in 1907 as leader of the Nimrod Expedition. In January 1909, he and three companions made a southern march. They went to the farthest South latitude anyone had reached, at 88° 23' S, 97 geographical miles (112 statute miles, 180 km) from the South Pole. This was by far the closest to the pole in exploration history up to that time. For this achievement, Shackleton was knighted by Edward VII upon his return home.

Shackleton first went to the Antarctic on Captain Robert Scott's 1901-1904 expedition but he was sent home as he was ill. In 1907, he went back to the Antarctic and in January 1909 was part of a group who walked further south than anyone had ever been before, travelling to within 190 kilometres of the South Pole.
In 1912 the Norwegian explorer Roald Amundsen became the leader of the first group to reach the South Pole. Shackleton decided on a new target, he wanted to walk across Antarctica from one side to the other crossing the South Pole in the middle.

Disaster struck when his ship, "Endurance", was trapped in the ice. They spent 281 days on board waiting for the ice to break again, but the boat was slowly crushed to pieces. Shackleton and his men dragged their lifeboats over many miles of snow and ice to reach sea. They set sail in the lifeboats and eventually reached Elephant Island. In April 1916, Shackleton and four others sailed hundreds of miles to South Georgia to get help at the whaling station there. This was a journey of 1300 kilometres and took 16 days. Unfortunately the boat he was in landed on the wrong side of the island and they had to climb over the mountainous middle section to reach the whaling station. A rescue party saved everyone from Elephant Island in August 1916.

In 1921, Shackleton returned to the Antarctic, intending to carry out a programme of scientific activities. Before the expedition could begin this work, Shackleton died of a heart attack on 5 January 1922 while his ship, "Quest", was moored in South Georgia. At his wife's request, he was buried there.

Lavaux (district)

Lavaux was a district of the canton of Vaud in Switzerland. The capital was Cully. As of 2006 it is part of the Lavaux-Oron District.

It contains the following municipalities:



Morges (district)

Morges is a district of the canton of Vaud in Switzerland. The capital is the city of Morges. The population (as of December 2015) is 80,095.

These are the municipalities in Morges:

The area of the district is 372.99 square kilometers (144.01 sq mi). Of this area, 205.69 km (79.42 sq mi) or 55.1% is used for agricultural purposes, while 126.4 km (48.8 sq mi) or 33.9% is forested.The remaining area, 38.25 km (14.77 sq mi) or 10.3% is settled (buildings or roads) and 2.66 km (1.03 sq mi) or 0.7% is unproductive land.

Anzonico

Anzonico is a former municipality of the district of Leventina in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland. On 1 April 2012 the former municipalities of Anzonico, Calpiogna, Campello, Cavagnago, Chironico, Mairengo and Osco merged to form the municipality of Faido.


Aquila, Switzerland

Aquila is a former municipality of the district of Blenio in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland. On 22 October 2006 the former municipalities of Aquila, Campo (Blenio), Ghirone, Olivone and Torre merged into the new municipality of Blenio.

Aranno

Aranno is a municipality of the district of Lugano in the canton of Ticino in southern Switzerland. 


Basadingen-Schlattingen

Basadingen-Schlattingen is a municipality of the district of Frauenfeld in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.


Berg, Thurgau

Berg is a municipality of the district of Weinfelden in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.

Berlingen, Switzerland

Berlingen is a municipality of the district of Frauenfeld in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.

Philophrosyne (moon)

Philophrosyne is a moon of Jupiter. It was found by a team of astronomers from the University of Hawaii led by Scott S. Sheppard, "et al." in 2003. It was called until 2019. 

Philophrosyne is about 2 kilometres in diameter, and orbits Jupiter at an average distance of 22,721,000 km in 699.676 days, at an inclination of 142° to the ecliptic (142° to Jupiter's equator), with an orbital eccentricity of 0.0932.

It is the farthest member of the Ananke group, retrograde non-spherical moons which orbit Jupiter between 19,300,000 and 22,700,000 km, at inclinations of about 150°.

Jupiter LV

Jupiter LV, also called , is a moon of Jupiter. It was found by a team of astronomers led by Brett J. Gladman in 2003.

Jupiter LV is about 2 kilometres in diameter, and orbits Jupiter at an average distance of 19,813,000 km in 569.728 days, at an inclination of 147° to the ecliptic (149° to Jupiter's equator), with an orbital eccentricity of 0.1570.

It belongs to the Ananke group, retrograde non-spherical moons which orbit Jupiter between 19,300,000 and 22,700,000 km, at inclinations of about 150°.

Stanisław Wyspiański

Stanisław Mateusz Ignacy Wyspiański (January 15, 1869, Kraków – November 28, 1907, Kraków) was a Polish writer, painter, and architect.

Eustreptospondylus

Eustreptospondylus (meaning "well-reversed vertebrae") was a megalosaurid tetanuran theropod (a large, bipedal meat-eater) about 23-30 ft (7-9 m) long, weighing about 440-550 pounds (200 kg to 250 kg). This predator had a large head, long, sharp serrated teeth, short arms and a primitive hip structure. It lived during the mid-Jurassic period, about 165 million years ago. Incomplete fossils have been found in England. Eustreptospondylus was named by Richard Owen in 1841. The type species is "E. oxoniensis", which was named by C. A. Walker in 1964.

S/2003 J 23

It belongs to the Pasiphaë group, non-spherical retrograde moons orbiting Jupiter at distances ranging between 22,800,000 and 24,100,000 km, and with inclinations ranging between 144.5° and 158.3°.

Megaraptor

Megaraptor was a large 26 feet (8 m) long late Cretaceous dinosaur. It had two large sickle-like claws on each hand. It was a lightly built biped, with a large head and sharp, serrated teeth in powerful jaws.

The first fossil of "Megaraptor" to be discovered was one of its claws. As they strongly resembled the claws seen in Dromeosaurs, it was thought that Megaraptor was a large member of that family. Later, a complete hand was discovered, revealing the main claw was on its thumb.

It is now classified either as a allosauroid carnosaur, related to "Neovenator", or right over on the other side of the Theropoda as a tyrannosauroid coelurosaur.

385571 Otrera

(385571) Otrera (also ) is a Neptune Trojan discovered by Scott S. Sheppard and Chadwick A. Trujillo in 2004. Only five others are known: , , 385695 Clete, and . They have the same orbital period as Neptune and orbit at the L Lagrangian point about 60 degrees ahead of Neptune.

385695 Clete

385695 Clete (also written as (385695) 2005 TO) is a possible Neptune Trojan discovered by Scott S. Sheppard and Chadwick A. Trujillo in 2005. Only five others are known: , 385571 OItrera, , and . They have the same orbital period as Neptune and orbit at the L Lagrangian point about 60 degrees ahead of Neptune.

Radiogenic

A radiogenic nuclide is a nuclide that is made by radioactive decay.

Tropopause

The tropopause is a boundary region in Earth's atmosphere between the troposphere and the stratosphere. Here the air ceases to cool at -56.5°C (-70°F), and the air becomes almost completely dry.

Most commercial aircraft are flown in the tropopause. To put it into even simpler words, the tropopause is the interferance between the troposphere and the stratosphere.

Gravity wave

In fluid dynamics, gravity waves are waves generated in a fluid medium or at the interface between two mediums (e.g. the atmosphere or ocean) which has the restoring force of gravity or buoyancy.


Accretion disk

An accretion disk (or disc) is an astronomical term. It describes a disc of material being drawn in by gravity to a centre of mass, such as a star or black hole. As the material comes in, it spins round the central body and radiates energy.

The central body is typically either a young star, a protostar, a white dwarf, a neutron star, or a black hole. As the material moves in, gravitational energy released in that process is transformed into heat and rotational movement. 

The energy emitted at the disk surface is in form of electromagnetic radiation. The frequency range of that radiation depends on the central object. Accretion discs of young stars and protostars radiate in the infrared, those around neutron stars and black holes in the X-ray part of the spectrum.


Victoria Beckham

Victoria Caroline Beckham (born 17 April 1974) is an English singer, songwriter, fashion designer and businesswoman. She was a member of a pop group called the Spice Girls. Her nickname in the group was Posh Spice. She is the wife of football player David Beckham. 

Victoria was born at Princess Alexandra Hospital in Harlow, Essex, She was eldest child of Antony Adams and Jacqueline Cannon.

Victoria Adams was a member of the popular girl group Spice Girls. While in the group, her nickname was Posh Spice.

She had a short solo career after leaving the Spice Girls in 2001, unlike her fellow members, she didn't have a solo No.1. She stopped her music career and became a fashion designer and started clothes and perfume businesses with her husband.

She has married David Beckham in July 1999. The couple have four children, three sons and their youngest child is a daughter.


She reunited with the Spice Girls for a world tour in 2007.

Spice (album)

Spice was the first album by the Spice Girls. It was released in the United Kingdom in 1996, and in the United States in 1997. It was the most successful album by a girl group ever. It sold 23 million copies around the world.

There were five songs that were very successful from this album. The most successful was "Wannabe", which went to No. 1 on many music charts around the world.

Head tie

A head tie is a women’s head scarf which is used a lot in west and southern Africa, and among American Descendants of Slavery (ADOS). 

The purpose of the head tie worn by enslaved African women was to protect their hair as they labored (or did heavy work). 

The head tie worn by West African women has been worn since the 1960s. 

The name of the head tie varies according to region and historical context. These names have included: tignon (United States), dhuku (Zimbabwe), tukwi (Botswana) and doek (South Africa and Namibia).


Dupatta

Dupatta (, ) is a long scarf that is an important part of many South Asian women's suits. Some "dupatta suits" include the salwar kameez, the trouser suit, and the kurta. The dupatta is also worn over the Hindu outfit of lehenga or ghaghra- choli. The dupatta has long been a symbol of modesty in South Asian dress. It is traditionally worn across both shoulders. However, the dupatta can also be worn like a cape around the entire torso. The material for the dupatta varies according to the suit: cotton, georgette, silk, chiffon, and more. The other names for dupatta are chunri and chunni (sometimes shortened to 'unni' by many Gujaratis).

There are various modes of wearing the unsewn dupatta. When not draped over the head in the traditional style, it is usually worn with the middle portion of the dupatta resting on the chest like a garland with both ends thrown over each respective shoulder. When the dupatta resting is worn along with the salwar-kameez it is casually allowed to flow down the front and back.

The use of the dupatta has definitely undergone a metamorphosis over time. In current fashions, the dupatta is frequently draped over one shoulder, and even over just the arms. Another recent trend is the short dupatta often seen with kurtas and Indo-Western clothing. Essentially, the dupatta is often treated as an accessory in current urban fashion. Nevertheless, the dupatta remains an integral part of Indian clothing and Pakistani clothing. Its nowadays a blend of fashion with the tradionalism. 


Charles XII of Sweden

Charles XII (Swedish: Karl XII) was the king of Sweden from 1697 to 1718. He was born on June 27, 1682.

During his time as a king, he tried to expand Sweden's empire. He took part in the Nordic War (1700-1721), in which his enemies were Denmark, Poland and Russia. England and the Netherlands supported him and his armies won over the Danes during a sea battle.He also beat Peter I Russian Tsar. 

After these successes, he attacked Poland, where during this time Augustus II the Strong was the king. This war was closed by the peace of Altranstadt. 

Charles attacked Russia again in 1707 with the Ukrainian leader, hetman Mazeppa. After more than a 1000 km walk in 1709, the Swedish king suffered a defeat from the Tsar. Charles had to flee to Turkey. He could only return to Sweden in 1714. He tried to compensate for the lost territories by a war against Norway. During the battle he was shot in the head and died in 1718. The wars of Charles XII made Sweden weaker.

Izanagi

He and his wife Izanami created many islands, deities, and forefathers of Japan. When Izanami died while giving birth to a child, Izanagi tried (but failed) to retrieve her from Yomi (the underworld). In the cleansing rite after his return, he created Amaterasu (the sun goddess) from his left eye, Tsukuyomi (the moon god) from his right eye, and Susanoo (tempest or storm god) from his nose.
When Izanagi looks at his wife in Yomi, he sees her monstrous and hellish state and she is ashamed and angry. She chases him in order to kill him. She fails, but promises to kill a thousand of his people every day. Izanagi says that he will create a thousand and five hundred every day.

S/2003 J 12

It is the closest of the farther non-spherical retrograde moons of Jupiter, and does not seem to belong to any group.

Kurt Weill

Kurt Julian Weill (March 2, 1900 – April 3, 1950) was a German composer who later became an American. Although he was trained as a composer of classical music he wrote many songs in a popular, jazzy style. He is particularly remembered for the music he wrote for the plays of the German dramatist Bertolt Brecht, as well as for musicals he wrote when he lived in New York. He also wrote symphonies and chamber music, especially during his early career.

Kurt Weill grew up in a religious Jewish family. During his teens he started to get experience working in a theatre in Dessau, where he learned a lot from the theatre conductor Albert Bing. When he was 20 he went to study at the Berlin Musikhochschule where he studied with the composer Humperdinck. He did not like it there, and soon started a three-year period studying with the composer Busoni. Busoni was a good teacher for him and encouraged him to study counterpoint carefully in order to be a good composer. Then he introduced Weill to the music publishers Universal, who published all his music for the next ten years.

In 1924, Busoni died. Weill started to work with the playwright Georg Kaiser who wrote plays in an Expressionistic style. Together they wrote an opera "Der Protagonist" (1926) which made Weill famous. The next year he worked with Bertolt Brecht. Together they wrote five songs which soon developed in a "Songspiel" under the title "Mahagonny". Between 1927 and 1929, Brecht and Weill wrote a new piece, an opera called "Aufstieg und Fall der Stadt Mahagonny" ("Rise and Fall of the City of Mahagonny"), in which five songs from the "Songspiel" were used again.

In 1924, he met the singer and actress Lotte Lenya. He married her in 1926, divorced her in 1933 and married her again in 1937.

In 1928, he wrote the music for a play by Brecht which was to become world-famous. It was called "Dreigroschenoper" ("The Threepenny Opera"). It was based on an opera called "The Beggar's Opera" which had been written in 1728 by John Gay. The "Threepenny Opera" includes a song which became Weill's most famous song, "Mack the Knife". Weill stopped working with Brecht in 1930 because they had political disagreements. Brecht was becoming more and more interested in Communism, but Weill did not want to be a “Communist composer”.

In Berlin, Weill taught composition to several young composers. He also gave many radio broadcasts. By 1929, he was well-known enough as a composer to make his living just from his compositions.

Weill had to flee from Nazi Germany in March 1933. As a famous and popular Jewish composer, he was a target of the Nazi authorities, who criticized and even interfered with performances of his later stage works, such as "Aufstieg und Fall der Stadt Mahagonny", "Die Bürgschaft" (1932), and "Der Silbersee" (1933). He went first to Paris, where he started a work with Jean Cocteau but it was not finished. He wrote one more work with Brecht: the ballet "The Seven Deadly Sins". In 1934, he completed his "Symphony No.2", his last purely orchestral work, conducted in Amsterdam and New York by Bruno Walter.

In 1935, Weill went to America with his wife Lotte Lenya. The rest of his life he spent writing for the American stage. He became a naturalized citizen of the United States in 1943. He thought most of his compositions in Germany had been destroyed by the Nazis. He never spoke German again except when writing to his parents who had escaped to Israel.

Weill changed his musical style. He wrote in a popular way, working with writers such as Ira Gershwin. He wrote an opera "Street Scene" for which he won an award. He took part in political movements, encouraging America to join in the war.

Weill died of a heart illness in New York City in 1950.

Dia (moon)

Dia (S/2000 J 11) ls the second-outermost prograde non-spherical moon of Jupiter. It was found by a team of astronomers from the University of Hawaii led by Scott S. Sheppard in 2000.

Dia is about 4 kilometres in diameter, and orbits Jupiter at an average distance of 12,555,000 km in 287 days, at an inclination of 28° (to Jupiter's equator), and with an orbital eccentricity of 0.248.

The moon is included in the Himalia group. After discovery it was lost for ten years because the orbit was poorly known. Recovery allowed much better precision.



Sinope (moon)

Sinope is a non-spherical moon of Jupiter. It was found by Seth Barnes Nicholson at Lick Observatory in 1914, and is named after Sinope of Greek mythology.

Sinope did not get its present name until 1975; before then, it was simply known as . It was sometimes called "Hades" between 1955 and 1975.

Sinope was the farthest known moon of Jupiter until the discovery of Megaclite in 2000. The farthest moon of Jupiter now known is .

Sinope orbits Jupiter on a high eccentricity and high inclination retrograde orbit. The orbital elements are as of January 2000. They are changing a lot due to Solar and planetary perturbations. It is often believed to belong to the Pasiphaë group. However, given its mean inclination and different colour, Sinope could be also an independent object, captured independently, unrelated to the collision and break-up at the origin of the group. The diagram illustrates Sinope's orbital elements in relation to other moons of the group.

Sinope has an estimated diameter of 38 km (assuming an albedo of 0.04) The moon is red unlike Pasiphae which is grey.

Its infrared spectrum is similar to D-type asteroids also different from Pasiphae. These dissimilarities of the physical parameters suggest a different origin from the core members of the group.


French press

A French press (also called press pot, coffee press, coffee plunger or cafetière) is a special machine used to make coffee. It is easy to operate. The coffee it can make is stronger than that produced by other means.

A French press is a round jug. This jug can be glass or clear plastic. The jug has a lid and a "plunger". The plunger fits in the jug very well. It usually has some kind of steel or plastic wire, that acts as a filter. Coffee is brewed by placing the coffee and water together, leaving to brew for a few minutes, then pushing the plunger down. This keeps the coffee grounds at the bottom of the jug.

The French press has different names around the world. In Australia, South Africa and Ireland it is known as a coffee "plunger" and coffee brewed in it is known as "plunger coffee". Its French name is "cafetière à piston". Sometimes it is also called a "melior" (from an old brand of makers of coffee pots of this type) or a "Bodum" (another brand). In the UK the device is known as a cafetière (the French word for "coffee pot").

Because the coffee grounds are in direct contact with the brewing water, coffee brewed with the French press gets more of the coffee's flavour and essential oils. These usually are trapped in a traditional drip brew machine's paper filters. French pressed coffee is often stronger and thicker than drip-brewed one. It also has more sediment. Because the grounds remain in the drink after brewing, French pressed coffee should be served quickly. Over time, the drink will develop a bitter taste. This is because the grounds still act on the water.

Coffee for use in a French press should be ground coarsely. The use of a burr mill grinder gives a better grind than the whirling blade variety. The ground coffee should be more coarse than that used for a drip brew coffee filter, and far coarser than that used for espresso. Anything other than a coarse grind will go through the press filter and into the coffee. A French press can also be used instead of a tea infuser to brew loose tea.

The French press is also more portable than other coffee makers. Special versions for travellers also exist. They are made of tough plastic instead of glass. They also have a sealed lid with a closable drinking hole. Some versions are marketed to hikers and backpackers. These people may not want to carry a heavy metal percolator or a filter using drip brew.

Despite the name, the French press is not noticeably more popular in France than in other countries. In most French households, coffee is prepared by drip brewing, with an electric coffeemaker and paper filters. In bars and restaurants, an espresso machine is used.

Some studies have found that drinking large amounts of coffee made by the French press method increases LDL ("bad") cholesterol levels, while drinking filtered or drip coffee does not. The French press method allows certain Diterpenes, such as Cafestol and Kahweol, to remain in the coffee while other brewing methods either remove or limit these chemicals.


Ananke (moon)

Ananke is a retrograde non-spherical moon of Jupiter. It was found by Seth Barnes Nicholson at Mount Wilson Observatory in 1951 and is named after the mythological Ananke, the mother of Adrastea by Jupiter. The adjectival form of the name is "Anankean".

Ananke did not get its present name until 1975; before then, it was simply known as . It was sometimes called "Adrastea" between 1955 and 1975. Note that Adrastea is now the name of another moon of Jupiter.

Ananke gives its name to the Ananke group, retrograde non-spherical moons which orbit Jupiter between 19,300,000 and 22,700,000 km, at inclinations of about 150°.

Ananke orbits Jupiter on a high eccentricity and high inclination retrograde orbit. Eight non-spherical moons found since 2000 follow similar orbits. The orbital elements are as of January 2000. They are changing a lot due to Solar and planetary perturbations. The diagram illustrates Ananke's orbit in relation to other retrograde non-spherical moons of Jupiter. The eccentricity of selected orbits is represented by the yellow segments (extending from the pericentre to the apocentre). The farthest spherical moon Callisto is located for reference.

Given these orbital elements and the physical characteristics known so far, Ananke is thought to be the biggest remnant of an original break-up forming the Ananke group.

In the visible spectrum, Ananke appears grey to light-red.

The infrared spectrum is similar to P-type asteroids but with a possible indication of water.


Grind

Grind might mean:


Camptosaurus

Camptosaurus (meaning "bent lizard") was a plant-eater from the Upper Jurassic (about 156 to 145 million years ago). It is related to Iguanodon. 

It was a heavy ornithischian dinosaur that was about 16-23 feet (5-7 m) long and 3-4 feet (1 m) high at the hips, weighing roughly 2,200 pounds (1000 kg). It had a long snout, hundreds of teeth and a horny beak. Its legs were longer than its arms; it had four-toed feet and five-fingered arms, all with hooves. It could walk on two or four legs, it probably went on all four to graze for low-lying plants.

Carme (moon)

Carme is a retrograde non-spherical moon of Jupiter. It was found by Seth Barnes Nicholson at Mount Wilson Observatory in California in July 1938. It is named after the mythological Carme, mother by Zeus of Britomartis, a Cretan goddess.

Carme did not get its present name until 1975; before then, it was simply known as . It was sometimes called "Pan" between 1955 and 1975. Note that Pan is now the name of a moon of Saturn.

It gives its name to the Carme group, made up of non-spherical retrograde moons orbiting Jupiter at a distance ranging between 23,000,000 and 24,000,000 km and at an inclination of about 165°. Its orbital elements are as of January 2000. They are changing a lot due to Solar and planetary perturbations.


Leda (moon)

Leda or , is a moon of Jupiter. Unlike many moons, it is not a sphere. Charles T. Kowal found it working at the Mount Palomar Observatory on September 14, 1974. He took photographs for three nights September 11 through 13. Leda is in all of the photographs. The moon'S name come from Leda in Greek mythology. She was one of Zeus's lovers. Zeus is the Greek equivalent of Jupiter. Zeus came to Leda in the shape of a swan. Kowal suggested the name and the IAU supported it in 1975.

Leda belongs to the Himalia group. They are five moons orbiting between 11,000,000 and 13,000,000 km from Jupiter at an inclination of about 27.5°. The orbital elements given here are as of January 2000, but they are changing a lot because gravity effects from the sun and planets.


Lysithea (moon)

Lysithea ( , ; ) is a prograde non-spherical moon of Jupiter. It was found by Seth Barnes Nicholson in 1938 at Mount Wilson Observatory and is named after the mythological Lysithea, daughter of Oceanus and one of Zeus' lovers.

Lysithea did not get its present name until 1975; before then, it was simply known as . It was sometimes called "Demeter" from 1955 to 1975.

It belongs to the Himalia group, five moons orbiting between 11,000,000 and 13,000,000 km from Jupiter at an inclination of about 28.3°. Its orbital elements are as of January 2000. They are changing a lot due to Solar and planetary perturbations.


Rust Belt

The Rust Belt is a term that refers to an area of the northern United States. The area is mostly the states near the Great Lakes, and some of them are considered to be Midwest states. This area was once known for steel production and heavy industry. That industry has greatly decreased since the middle of the 20th century. As the name might imply, the area has sort of turned to "rust", like what happens to old steel. Much of this decrease in industry is because of the United States using manufacturers from other countries. It became an Industrial hub because of its proximity to The Great Lakes, canals, and rivers which companies used to access raw materials and ship out products. 

Most Rust Belt cities, for example, Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania and Youngstown, Ohio, have had a very large decrease in their population since the 1950s and 1960s. 

Some "Rust Belt" cities include:


Pax Romana

The Pax Romana was a period when there was a lot of peace in the Roman Empire. "Pax" means "peace" in the Latin language; "Romana" means "Roman" in Latin. So, "Pax Romana" means "Roman peace."

the Pax Romana lasted from 27 BC until 180 AD. It started when Augustus was Emperor (ruler) of the Roman Empire. The Pax Romana is called a good time period because: 

The Emperors of the Pax Romana were:


The Pax Romana, which in Latin means "Roman Peace", was a period from about 2000 to about 1800 years ago when the Roman Empire had reached the height of its size and had few military conflicts. The Pax Romana was not always totally peaceful, as a transition within government could lead to chaos, but is remembered as a golden age for Rome where the empire grew wealthy and no threats challenged Roman dominance in Europe, northern Africa, or the Middle East. During this time period, they grew tremendously in architecture, science, mathematics, 

Bell UH-1 Iroquois

The UH-1 Iroquois (although known mainly as the Huey) was a helicopter made by Bell Helicopters. It first flew in 1956 and was introduced in 1959. It was known for being in the Vietnam War. It could be used for transporting soldiers, cargo, support, helping lost soldiers or pilots, or attacking enemies. One version, the UH-1V was made just for helping hurt people getting to hospitals. Some Hueys were given to civilians to for business travel, forest fire fighters, and police stations.. Now, the UH-60 Black Hawk is mainly used, but the Huey is still in service with countries.


Terabyte

A terabyte (TB) is a unit of measurement in computers and similar electronic devices. One terabyte holds 1000 gigabytes (GB) or a trillion (1,000,000,000,000) bytes, and 1000 terabytes make one petabyte. 

Large organizations use terabytes of storage to hold massive amounts of data. People at home might use terabytes for backups. An external hard drive can be several terabytes.


Meteora (album)

Meteora is the second studio album by Linkin Park. Linkin Park is an American rock band. The band released the album on March 25, 2003. Over 5.5 million copies of the album have been sold in the United States. Over 15 million copies of it have been sold overall. The band recorded the album for almost a year.

"Meteora" was number one on the "Billboard" 200. The album had many singles. The RIAA gave the album a platinum certification. In 2023, Linkin Park released a new version of "Meteora". They did this for the album's 20th anniversary.


Say My Name

"Say My Name" is a number-one single by American R&B group Destiny's Child for the Columbia Records label, released in early 2000. The single was the third of four singles from the group's 1999 album "The Writing's On The Wall", and the most successful of the four. It is considered to be one of their signature songs. It won a Grammy and an MTV Video Music Award.

Several remixes of "Say My Name" were issued alongside the original version. The two most notable alternate versions are a remix by Timbaland, which features different vocals and a guest appearance from Static of Playa; and the "Nitro Remix" (featuring Nitro and Chief, with production by Mista Maze), which uses the original vocals over a bass music-styled backing track.


Veto

A right of veto means that somebody can stop decisions or legislation. 

For example, the President of the United States has veto power over the USA's Congress. This can stop legislation from being passed. If the President vetoes a bill passed by the Congress, it only becomes a law if Congress passes it again, this time with at least twice as many members of each of the two houses voting for it than voting against it.

Similarly, the five permanent members of the United Nations Security Council (the United States of America, the United Kingdom, China, Russia and France) each has veto power. Using this, they can stop the Security Council's decisions from being passed and becoming resolutions unless they all agree to them. These vetoes cannot be overturned by any more voting on that resolution; if there is a need to address the same issue again in the future, a new and separate resolution must be written, passed, and not vetoed.

The veto was invented in ancient times for the Roman tribunes so they could protect the people from bad laws made by the Roman Senate.



Bettwiesen

Bettwiesen is a municipality of the district of Münchwilen in the canton of Thurgau in northeast Switzerland, near Germany.

Bichelsee-Balterswil

Bichelsee-Balterswil is a municipality of the district of Münchwilen in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland. It was made from the union on January 1, 1996 of Bichelsee and Balterswil. The lake Bichelsee is in the municipality.

Birwinken

Birwinken is a municipality of the district of Weinfelden in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.

Bottighofen

Bottighofen is a municipality of the district of Kreuzlingen in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.

Bottighofen is on Lake Constance.

Braunau, Switzerland

Braunau is a municipality of the district of Münchwilen in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.

Bürglen, Thurgau

Bürglen is a municipality of the district of Weinfelden in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.

Elbridge Gerry

Elbridge Thomas Gerry (July 17, 1744 – November 23, 1814) was an American politician from Massachusetts. As a Democratic-Republican he was elected the fifth vice president of the United States, serving under James Madison, from March 4, 1813, until his death a year and a half later.

Gerry was a member of the Continental Congress and was a signer of both the Declaration of Independence and the Articles of Confederation.

He was a delegate to the United States Constitutional Convention in 1787 but did not sign it.

Gerry was elected to the House of Representatives and served there from 1789 to 1793.

Gerry was elected Governor of Massachusetts in 1810 and served for two years. While serving as governor, Gerry supported a plan that would re-create voting districts in Massachusetts to give more power to the political party that he belonged to. The word gerrymander used today when a party tries to create more favourable voting districts was named for Elbridge Gerry.

Gerry was Vice President under James Madison and died in office on November 23, 1814.

Bussnang

Bussnang is a municipality of the district of Weinfelden in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.


Piltdown Man

Piltdown Man ("Eoanthropus dawsoni") was once thought to be a "missing link" between man and ape. The first Piltdown fragments were discovered in 1912. Thereafter, over 500 scientific essays were written on the Piltdown Man in a 40-year period. The discovery was proven to be a deliberate hoax in 1953.

Piltdown Man consisted of two human skulls, an orangutan jaw, an elephant molar, a hippopotamus tooth, and a canine tooth from a chimpanzee. Sir Kenneth Oakley has determined the human skulls to be approximately 620 years old. They may have belonged to Ona Indians from Patagonia, as the skulls were unusually thick. Thick skulls are a common trait among Ona Indians. The orangutan jaw is around 500 years old, perhaps from Sarawak. The elephant molar is thought to be from Tunisia. The hippopotamus tooth is thought to have come from Malta or perhaps Sicily. The canine tooth belonged to a Pleistocene Chimpanzee. The Piltdown remains were purposefully scattered around a quarry in Piltdown, England, so that they could be "discovered" later as evidence for evolution and the development of man from ape. The skulls had been treated with acid. All of the fossil remains were stained with an iron sulfate solution. The canine tooth was painted brown and patched with bubble gum. The molars were filed down. The portion of the orangutan jaw that connected the jaw to its skull was carefully broken so as not to show evidence that this jaw did not belong to a human skull.

The Piltdown Man hoax is thought to have been perpetrated by Charles Dawson, an archaeologist, geologist and fossil collector for the British Museum. However, no one is quite certain who was involved. There are a number of other suspects, including Sir Arthur Smith Woodward, Keeper of the British Museum's Natural History department, and Pierre Teilhard de Chardin, a paleontologist and Jesuit theologian.


Dozwil

Dozwil is a municipality of the district of Arbon in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.

Egnach

Egnach is a municipality of the district of Arbon in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.

It is on Lake Constance.

Erlen

Erlen is a municipality of the district of Weinfelden in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.

Ermatingen

Ermatingen is a municipality in Kreuzlingen in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.

Eschenz

Eschenz is a municipality of the district of Frauenfeld in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.

Eschlikon

Eschlikon is a municipality of the district of Münchwilen in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.

Felben-Wellhausen

Felben-Wellhausen is a municipality of the district of Frauenfeld in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.

Fischingen

Fischingen is a municipality of the district of Münchwilen in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.

Gachnang

Gachnang is a municipality of the district of Frauenfeld in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.

Gottlieben

Gottlieben is a municipality of the district of Kreuzlingen in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.


Güttingen

Güttingen is a municipality of the district of Kreuzlingen in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.

TNT (couriers)

TNT(reformed as PostNL just in this year) is a delivery company that delivers packages either world-wide or within a country by couriers. The company picks up parcels from the sender and then delivers them to the addressee. TNT Airways, based in Liège Airport, is the airline of TNT, using more than 40 planes to reach 70 destinations in Europe every night.

TNT N.V., through its two divisions, Express and Mail, is part of the global transportation and distribution industry, and dedicated to providing delivery solutions to its customers. TNT serves more than 200 countries and employs around 160,000 people.

Over 2009, TNT reported €10.4 billion in revenues, an operating income of €648 million and cash from operating activities of €1 billion. TNT N.V. is listed and traded on Euronext Amsterdam by NYSE Euronext (ticker "TNT").

TNT has a history spanning more than 250 years. Its Dutch roots can be traced back to 1752. But it wasn’t until 1946 that the company known as TNT was born, on the other side of the world, in Australia. In the 60 years since then, TNT has grown into a global enterprise, even operating its own aircraft. Much of this growth has come from take-overs and acquisitions. In 1996, TNT was acquired by the Dutch company KPN (formerly PTT Post).

All packages are delivered to a local warehouse. A courier collects the packages from the warehouse and delivers them to the address on the package. Couriers will also collect packages from a certain area and take them to the warehouse where they can be sorted and sent to the warehouse nearest the receiver’s address.

In the United Kingdom, couriers are often part-time workers, delivering packages using their own cars. They collect and deliver packages to any house in a certain postcode area. This way, the TNT company can be sure of delivering to any house in the area.

TNT

The letters TNT can mean many things:

The Bad Beginning

The Bad Beginning is a book by Lemony Snicket. It is the first book in a series called "A Series of Unfortunate Events". The book was released in 1999.

Violet, Klaus and Sunny Baudelaire were enjoying a day at Briny Beach. Mr. Poe, a banker and friend of the family, went to the beach to them that their parents had died in a fire which also destroyed their home. Mr. Poe is the executor of the Baudelaire fortune. It is his responsibility to put the children with a guardian and take care of their money until Violet turns eighteen (the legal age to handle money).

The Baudelaire children were taken to their new guardian Count Olaf. Olaf is a distant relative of the children. He works as an actor. On their way, they met Justice Strauss. Strauss is a kind and friendly judge who lives in the house next to them. She tells the children that they are welcome in her home anytime, which has a library in it. Count Olaf is a very cruel, filthy man. He has one long eyebrow and a strange tattoo of an eye on his left ankle. Olaf lives in a dirty musty house. Most importantly, he only adopted the children to get their money. He constantly made them do chores and other things, while only giving them with one bed to sleep in. Count Olaf also refers them as "orphans" instead of "children".

Olaf's theatre troupe was coming to his house that night to practice. Olaf told the children that they had to make dinner for everyone. There was no food in the house, so the children went to the marketplace with Justice Strauss to buy the ingredients for Pasta Puttanesca. Count Olaf complained that he wanted roast beef but he had never told them this. He became very mad and hit Klaus across the face. The children went to Mr. Poe at his bank in order to get help. Mr. Poe told them that Olaf may raise them however he wants. He then called Olaf to tell him of the Baudelaires' visit. When they got back to their home, Olaf told the children that he was sorry. He also told them that they would be in an upcoming play, called "The Marvelous Marriage" written by Al Funcoot. Olaf would play the groom, Violet would be the bride, and Klaus and Sunny would be people in the audience.

The children spent the day at Justice Strauss's home. While Violet and Sunny were helping in the garden, Klaus was reading law books in the library. He took a book on nuptial law out of the library with him when they return home. Klaus spent the entire night reading about how they could stop Count Olaf's plan to get their money. He learned that two people can be married if they sign a document and say their wedding vows in the presence of a legal judge. Olaf planned to marry Violet during the play to get control of the money. When Klaus talked to Count Olaf about this, he only smiled and laughed. Klaus ran to wake up his sisters but Sunny was not there. Violet and Klaus followed Olaf outside. They learned that Sunny was being held inside a birdcage at the top of the tower.

Count Olaf told them that one of his henchmen had kidnapped Sunny while they were sleeping. He warned them that if they did not do what he told them to do during the play, the cage will be released and Sunny would fall to her death. That night, Violet made a grappling hook to reach the top of the tower but she was kept captive with Klaus until the play began.

The play was performed. Olaf stopped it after the wedding scene to say that he and Violet were now married. Justice Strauss said that Violet could not marry because she was not old enough. Olaf said that she could be married if her parent or guardian allowed it. As her guardian, he allowed to get married. Sunny was returned to them. Violet said that she was right-handed but signed the document with her left hand. Judge Strauss said that this made the marriage not legal. Olaf escaped when one of his henchmen turned off the theater's lights. Just as Violet was about to turn the lights back on, Olaf quietly said that he would always be after them, and that when he got their fortune, he would kill them with his own hands. Justice Strauss was willing to adopt the Baudelaires, but Mr. Poe told her that their parents' will said a relative must care for them. They got into Mr. Poe's car and it drove away as Justice Strauss waved goodbye.

Count Olaf

Count Olaf is the principal villain, antihero and primary character from Lemony Snicket's "A Series of Unfortunate Events". His main goal throughout the series is to inherit or steal the Baudelaire fortune. He attempts numerous acts to try to get that fortune, such as trying to marry Violet, kidnap Sunny, and trip Klaus to have him fall and break his glasses (Miserable Mill) etc. He has a tattoo of an eye on his left ankle. He is one of the Baudelaire's extended family member.

Warhammer 40,000

Warhammer 40,000 also called 40K is a table-top game. Model armies fight each other on miniature terrain. The armies include: Necrons, Tyranids, Space Marines, Chaos Space Marines, Eldar, Dark Eldar, Tau and Imperial Guard. Players roll dice to find out which armies win battles. A ruler shows how far a unit moves. Two or more players are needed for a game. Each player takes it turns to move, shoot, then assault. 

Each army has different kinds of weapons. Weapons have different strength and armor piercing value. Each army has different kinds of units. Each unit has a rating for strength, toughness, armor save, leadership, weapon and combat skill. These ratings are important for winning or losing.

Hauptwil-Gottshaus

Hauptwil-Gottshaus is a municipality in the district of Weinfelden in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.


Hefenhofen

Hefenhofen is a municipality of the district of Arbon in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.

Herdern

Herdern is a municipality of the district of Frauenfeld in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.

Hohentannen

Hohentannen is a municipality of the district of Weinfelden in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.

Homburg, Switzerland

Homburg is a municipality of the district of Frauenfeld in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.

Horn, Switzerland

Horn is a municipality in Arbon in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.


Termen

Termen is a municipality of the district of Brig in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.

Zwischbergen

Zwischbergen is a municipality of the district of Brig in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.


Daspletosaurus

Daspletosaurus ("frightful lizard") was a tyrannosaurid theropod dinosaur that was 26-33 feet (8-10 m) long and weighed perhaps 2-3 tons (3000 kg). 

It had tiny horns behind its eyes and its arms were a bit longer than those of "T. rex". It may have been an ancestor of "Tyrannosaurus". This bipedal meat-eater lived in marshes by streams in what is now Alberta, Canada, during the Upper Cretaceous period, 76-72 million years ago. It may have preyed upon Triceratops. It was named by D.A. Russell in 1970. The type species is "D. torosus".


1447

Year 1447 was a common year starting on Sunday.




Mitte (locality)

Mitte was the most central locality of Berlin ("Mitte" is German for centre). It was set up in 1920, when Groß-Berlin was set up, and in 2001 it was joined with Wedding and Tiergarten to make a new borough called Bezirk Mitte.

Mitte was in East Berlin, and had a lot of Berlin's historic sites. The Pergamon Museum, Unter den Linden and the Brandenburg Gate were in Mitte.

In 2001 Mitte was joined with two boroughs from West Berlin. This helped to break down the idea of a divided city, and put the important tourist centre of Berlin under one local government.


Groß-Berlin

Groß-Berlin or Greater Berlin was created by an act of the Prussian parliament made on 27 April 1920. The act was called the Greater Berlin Act () for short. Its full name was the "Law Regarding the Reconstruction of the New Local Authority of Berlin" ().

The act said that on 1 October 1920 "Greater Berlin" should be taken away from the Province of Brandenburg and become a new district.

The new district was made up of:

The new Berlin was 13 times bigger than the old. Its area went from to and the population doubled from approximately 1.9 million to near 4 million, with almost 1.2 million of these new inhabitants coming from the 7 surrounding towns alone.

Groß-Berlin was divided into 20 boroughs ("Verwaltungsbezirke"):

Apart from minor changes, the city boundary defined in the law is the same as today, except for some changes made during the time of the Berlin Wall. During the 1970s and 1980s three new boroughs were made in East Berlin when other boroughs were split up.


Pardon

A pardon is a decision that absolves a convicted person of a criminal conviction. A pardon may be "full" or "partial":


Pardons are sometimes given to people who are wrongly convicted. In that case, the person is cleared of that conviction, as if never convicted.

The practice varies greatly between countries. In the United States a pardon for a federal conviction may be granted by the President, while pardons for state convictions may be granted by state governors.

Medellín, Spain

Medellín is a village in the province of Badajoz, Extremadura, Spain. It is notable as the birthplace of Hernán Cortés in 1485 and the site of the Battle of Medellín, during the Peninsular War. 

The city was named after the Roman general Quintus Caecilius Metellus Pius who founded it as a military base for his operations in western Iberia. It was originally called Metellinum.


Sean Watkins

Sean Watkins (b. February 18, 1977) is an American guitarist. He is best known as a member of the Californian acoustic trio Nickel Creek. 


Sara Watkins

Sara Watkins (born June 8, 1981) is an American violinist. She is most famous as a member of Californian bluegrass band Nickel Creek. 

Elara (moon)

Elara is a non-spherical moon of Jupiter. It was found by Charles Dillon Perrine at Lick Observatory in 1905 and is named after the mother by Zeus of the giant Tityus.

Elara did not get its present name until 1975; before then, it was simply known as . It was sometimes called "Hera" between 1955 and 1975.

Elara belongs to the Himalia group, five moons orbiting between 11,000,000 and 13,000,000 km from Jupiter at an inclination of about 27.5°. Its orbital elements are as of January 2000. They are changing a lot due to Solar and planetary perturbations.

In February and March 2007, the New Horizons spacecraft to Pluto made a number of pictures of Elara, culminating in photos from a distance of five million miles.


Crochet hook

A crochet hook is a tool used for making crochet fabric. The hook at the end is used to grab yarn. The tool also has a flat part for fingers to hold during work. Crochet hooks come in different sizes for different sizes of yarn.


Pterodaustro

Pterodaustro was a pterosaur. It is found in the Lower Cretaceous of South America. "Pterodaustro" most likely fed on tiny invertebrates: zooplankton and krill.

"Pterodaustro" was medium-sized, with an adult wing-span of about two meters. It has only been found in Brazil.

"Pterodaustro" probably waded in shallow water like flamingos, straining food with its tooth comb, a method called "filter feeding". Once it caught its food, "Pterodaustro" probably mashed it with the small, globular teeth present in its upper jaw.
At least two specimens have been found with gizzard stones in the stomach cavity, the first ever reported for any pterosaur. These clusters of small stones with angled edges support the idea that "Pterodaustro" ate mainly small, hard-shelled aquatic crustaceans using filter-feeding. Such invertebrates are abundant in the sediment of the fossil site

In 2004 a "Pterodaustro" embryo in an egg was reported. The egg was elongated, six centimetres long and 22 millimetres across and its mainly flexible shell was covered with a thin layer, 0.3 mm thick, of calcite.

Comparisons between the scleral rings (bony ring round edge of eye) of "Pterodaustro" and modern birds and reptiles suggest that it may have been nocturnal, and may have had similar activity patterns to those modern ducks which feed at night.

Dsungaripterus

Dsungaripterus ("Wing of Junggar Basin") was a pterosaur with a wingspan of 10 feet (3 m). It had an unusual bony crest running along its snout and long, narrow, curved jaws with a pointed tip. The crest may have acted as a rudder when flying or may have been a secondary sex characteristic.

"Dsungaripterus"'s head and neck were together almost a metre long. Its most notable feature are its long, narrow, upcurved jaws with a pointed tip, making the animal look like a pair of flying tweezers. It had no teeth in the front part of its jaws, which were probably used to remove shellfish and worms from cracks in rocks or from sandy, muddy beaches. It had knobbly flat teeth more to the back of the jaw that were well suited for crushing shellfish.

Himalia (moon)

Himalia is the biggest non-spherical moon of Jupiter. It was found by Charles Dillon Perrine at the Lick Observatory on December 3, 1904. It is named after the nymph Himalia who bore three sons of Zeus (the Greek equivalent of Jupiter).

Himalia did not get its present name until 1975; before then, it was simply known as or Jupiter Satellite VI, although calls for a full name appeared shortly after its and Elara's discovery. A.C.D. Crommelin wrote in 1905,
Unfortunately the numeration of Jupiter's satellites is now in precisely the same confusion as that of Saturn's system was before the numbers were abandoned and names substituted. A similar course would seem to be advisable here; the designation V for the inner satellite was tolerated for a time, as it was considered to be in a class by itself; but it has now got companions, so that this subterfuge disappears. The substitution of names for numerals is certainly more poetic.

The moon was sometimes called Hestia, after the Greek goddess, from 1955 to 1975.

It is the biggest member of the group that bears its name, the moons orbiting between 11.4 and 13 million kilometers from Jupiter at an inclination of about 27.5°. The orbital elements are as of January 2000. They are changing a lot due to Solar and planetary perturbations.

A day on Himalia is only about 7 3/4 hours long. Himalia appears grey, like the other members of its group, similar to a C-type asteroid. Measurements by "Cassini" confirm a featureless spectrum, with a slight absorption at 3 μm which could indicate the presence of water.

In November 2000, the Cassini spacecraft, going to Saturn, made a number of pictures of Himalia, including photos from a distance as close as 4.4 million km. The moon covers only a few pixels, but seems to be a stretched object with axes 150 ± 20 and 120 ± 20 km, close to the Earth-based estimations.

In February and March 2007, the New Horizons spacecraft to Pluto made a series of pictures of Himalia, culminating in photos from a distance of eight million km. Again, Himalia appears only a few pixels across.


Brachychiton

Brachychiton (also known as the bottletree or kurrajong) is a genus of 31 species of trees and large shrubs. They grow naturally in Australia and New Guinea. Fossils from New South Wales and New Zealand are believed to be 50 million years old. The name "Brachychiton" is comes from the Greek "brachys", meaning "short", and "chiton", meaning "tunic". This refers to its loose seed coverings.

They grow to 4–30m tall. All species have separate male and female flowers on the same plant. The female flowers have five separate carpels that can each form a woody fruit that has several seeds.

Themisto (moon)

Themisto or , is a small prograde non-spherical moon of Jupiter. It was found in 1975, lost, and then refound in 2000.

Themisto was first found by Charles T. Kowal and Elizabeth Roemer on September 30, 1975, reported on October 3, 1975 and designated . However, not enough observations were made to establish an orbit and it was subsequently lost.

Themisto appeared as a footnote in astronomy textbooks into the 1980s. Then, in 2000, a seemingly new moon was found by Scott S. Sheppard, David C. Jewitt, Yanga R. Fernández and Eugene A. Magnier, and was designated . It was soon confirmed that this was the same as the 1975 object. The Sheppard et al. announcement was immediately correlated with an August 6 2000 observation by the team of Brett J. Gladman, John J. Kavelaars, Jean-Marc Petit, Hans Scholl, Matthew J. Holman, Brian G. Marsden, Philip D. Nicholson and Joseph A. Burns — an observation that was reported to the Minor Planet Center but not published as an IAU Circular (IAUC).

In October 2002 it was officially named after Themisto, daughter of the river god Inachus by Zeus (Jupiter) in Greek mythology.

Themisto's orbit is unusual. Unlike most of Jupiter's moons, which orbit in groups, Themisto orbits alone, midway between the Galilean moons and the first group of prograde irregulars.

Themisto is about 8 kilometers in diameter (assuming an albedo of 0.04)



Thebe (moon)

Thebe or ', is the fourth of Jupiter's known moons (by distance from the planet). It was found by Stephen P. Synnott in images from the "Voyager 1" space probe taken on March 5, 1979 and was given the designation '. Later, it was found on images dating back to February 27, 1979. In 1983 it was officially named after the mythological nymph Thebe who was the daughter of the river god Asopus and a lover of Zeus (the Greek equivalent of Jupiter).

Thebe is the farthest of the inner Jovian moons. It orbits Jupiter at a distance of ~222,000 km (3.11 Jupiter radii). The orbit of Thebe has an orbital eccentricity of ~0.018 and an inclination of ~1.08° relative to the equator of Jupiter. These values are unusually high for a closer moon and can be explained by the past influence of the closest Galilean satellite Io; in the past, several mean motion resonances with Io would have passed through Thebe's orbit as Io gradually moved away from Jupiter, and these excited Thebe's orbit.

Thebe is not a sphere, with the closest ellipsoidal approximation being 116x98x84 km. Its bulk density and mass are not known but assuming that it mean density is like that of Amalthea (~0.86 g/cm³) its mass can be estimated at ~4.3×10 kg.

The surface of Thebe is dark and appears to be reddish in color.

Thebe was found in "Voyager 1" images by Steve Synnott, a member of the Voyager navigation team. However, before the "Galileo" spacecraft arrived at Jupiter, little was known about it. "Galileo" imaged almost all of the surface of Thebe and put constraints on its composition.


Antagonist

An antagonist is the character in a story who stands in opposition towards the protagonist. As an example, in the Disney movie "The Lion King", the main antagonist is Scar.

While the most common practice is for a hero to be the protagonist and the villain to be the antagonist this is not always the case. As an example in the manga/anime series Death Note protagonist Light Yagami was the villain as it was his goal to rid the world of criminals in order to create his own ideal "utopia" and rule it like a god while antagonist L was the hero as it was his goal to end Light's psychotic killing spree. Also a good example is the animated series Invader Zim where titular protagonist Zim is the villain as it was his ultimate goal to conquer and take over Earth while antagonist Dib is the hero as it was his goal to stop Zim's diabolical plans. Another example is Sweeney Todd: The Demon Barber of Fleet Street where the titular protagonist and the antagonist Judge Turpin were both villains. 

A story may also have secondary antagonist, either a partner/accomplice of the main antagonist or an entirely separate threat altogether (though a lesser one). Just like the main antagonist they aren't always villains but they are obstacles towards the goal(s) of the protagonist(s).

It is possible for a protagonist to become an antagonist. A well-known example of this is in the "Star Wars" movie series, when Anakin Skywalker turns from a Jedi to a Sith, to become Darth Vader.

Joe Grant

Joe Grant (May 15, 1908 - May 9, 2005) was an American animator, writer and illustrator. He worked for Walt Disney between 1933 and 1949 and again from 1989 until his death just a few days before his 97th birthday.

Joe Grant was born at 1908 in New York City. After school, he began his career as a caricaturist. In 1933, he was hired by Disney for the Mickey Mouse short movie "Mickey's Gala Premiere". In the next years, he, Albert Hurter, Dick Huemer and Fred Moore were the studios' most important character animator. He created the witch in "Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs" (1937). Grant and Huemer created books for "Fantasia" and "Dumbo". Later, he was the head of the "Character Animation Department" at Disney. This department was closed in 1949 and Grant left Disney.

40 years later, in 1989, Grant began working for Disney again. He created characters and sketches for Disney's "Beauty and the Beast", (1991). The movie was the first animated movie which was nominated for the Academy Award for "Best Picture". He was the only person who worked on "Fantasia" (1940) and "Fantasia 2000".

In 2005, his animation short movie "Lorenzo" was nominated for an Academy Award. Just a few weeks later, Joe Grant died while working with his drawing board at the age of 96 in Glendale, California.

Ganymede (moon)

Ganymede is the largest of the 95 known moons of the planet Jupiter. It is also the largest moon in the Solar System. Ganymede is larger in diameter than the planet Mercury, but has only about half of its mass. Ganymede is much less dense. Ganymede is part of a group called the Galilean Satellites. These also include Io, Europa and Callisto.

Galileo Galilei discovered this moon in 1610. Simon Marius suggested the name "Ganymede" soon after. In Greek mythology, Ganymede was Zeus' cup-bearer. This name and the names of the other Galilean satellites were not favoured for a long time, and were not put into common use until the mid-20th century. Instead, it is simply referred to by its Roman numeral designation (a system that was introduced by Galileo) as or as the "third satellite of Jupiter". Ganymede is the only Galilean moon of Jupiter named after a male figure.

Ganymede is composed of roughly equal amounts of silicate rock and water ice. Its body has an iron-rich, liquid core, and an internal ocean that may contain more water than all of Earth's oceans together. Its surface has dark regions, with impact craters dated to four billion years ago. This covers about a third of the satellite. Lighter regions, crosscut by grooves and ridges and only slightly less ancient, cover the rest. The cause of the light terrain's disrupted geology is not fully known, but was likely the result of tectonic activity caused by tidal heating.


Callisto (moon)

</math>.</ref>

Callisto is a moon of the planet Jupiter. It was discovered in 1610 by Galileo Galilei and named after Kallisto. It is the second largest moon orbiting Jupiter, after Ganymede, and the third largest moon in the Solar System. 

Callisto is almost the same size as the planet Mercury, being 99% the diameter of the planet, but is much less massive. Of the four Galilean moons of Jupiter, Callisto is the farthest out, with an orbital radius of about 1,880,000 kilometres. It does not form part of the orbital resonance that affects three inner Galilean satellites, Io, Europa and Ganymede. Like the Earth's Moon, Callisto rotates synchronously with its orbital period. This means that one side is always turned toward Jupiter, while the other side never sees the face of the planet. Callisto's surface is less affected by Jupiter's magnetosphere than the seven moons nearer the planet.

Callisto has about equal amounts of rock and ices, with an average density of about 1.83 g/cm³. Chemical compounds on the surface include water ice, carbon dioxide, silicates, and organics. The Galileo spacecraft made investigations of the moon, and revealed that Callisto may have a small silicate core and possibly a subsurface ocean of liquid water more than 100 kilometers deep.

The surface of Callisto is heavily cratered and extremely old. The surface does not show any sign of processes occurring below the surface such as plate tectonics, earthquakes or volcanoes, and is thought to have evolved mainly under the influence of meteorite impacts. Notable surface features include multi-ring structures, impact craters in different shapes, and chains of craters (known as catenae) and associated scarps, ridges and deposits. On a smaller scale, the surface is varied. It is made up of frost on hill tops, surrounded by a smooth blanket of dark material in valleys. This is thought to result from the degradation of small landforms, caused by sublimation. This is supported by the few small impact craters, and the presence of numerous small knobs which are thought to be their remains. The absolute ages of the landforms are not known.

Callisto is surrounded by an extremely thin atmosphere made out of carbon dioxide and probably oxygen molecules. There is also a rather intense ionosphere. An ocean is thought to exist within Callisto. This may mean that life might exist. However, this is less likely than on nearby Europa. 

Various space probes from Pioneers 10–11 to Galileo and Cassini−Huygens have studied the moon. Callisto is considered the most suitable place for humans to settle for future exploration of the Jovian system.

Notes
Footnotes

Garth Brooks

Troyal Garth Brooks, commonly known as Garth Brooks, (born February 7, 1962) is an American country music singer and songwriter. He uses rock elements in his recordings and live performances. Brooks was successful in the country singles and country album charts and later also proved popular in the mainstream pop arena, exposing country music to a larger audience.

Brooks has had one of the most successful careers in popular music history, with over 70 hit singles and 15 charted albums to his credit. Throughout the 1990s he broke records for both sales and concert attendance. In 1999, looking to expand his career boundaries, Brooks began a multimedia project involving a fictitious alter ego known as Chris Gaines.

He started performing at bars while studying advertising in college and also working as a bouncer. In 2001, Brooks officially retired from recording and performing, after having conflicts between his career and family. During this time he has sold millions of albums through an exclusive distribution deal with Walmart and has released new singles from time to time. 

On November 6, 2007, "The Ultimate Hits" was released. Brooks came out of retirement in 2007 when he opened a new arena in Kansas City, Missouri. He left retirement again in 2013 to play at the Encore Casino in Las Vegas.

Baden

Baden is a historical state in south-west Germany.

The Margraviate of Baden () was made in 1112. From 1190 to 1771, Baden was broken up into different smaller states. When the Holy Roman Empire ended in 1806, the Margraviate of Baden became the larger and more powerful Grand Duchy of Baden (). After World War I ended in 1918, the monarchy in Baden ended so Baden became a republic. 

After World War II ended in 1945, Baden was cut in half: the north half became part of Württemberg-Baden and the south half became South Baden. South Baden changed its name to "Baden" in 1947. Baden was one of the original states of the Federal Republic of Germany. In 1952, it joined with Württemberg-Baden and Württemberg-Hohenzollern to make the state of Baden-Württemberg.

Hüttlingen, Switzerland

Hüttlingen is a municipality of the district of Frauenfeld, in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.

Hüttwilen

Hüttwilen is a municipality of the district of Frauenfeld in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.

The lakes Nussbaumersee, Hüttwilersee and Hasensee are found in the municipality.

Kemmental

Kemmental is a municipality of the district of Kreuzlingen in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.

The municipality was created on January 1, 1996 by mergxer of the formar municipalities of Alterswilen, Altishausen, Ellighausen, Lippoldswilen, Neuwilen, Siegershausen, Dotnacht and Hugelshofen. 

Kesswil

Kesswil is a municipality of the district of Arbon in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.

The village was the birthplace of the psychiatrist Carl Jung.

Kradolf-Schönenberg

Kradolf-Schönenberg is a municipality of the district of Weinfelden in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.

Langrickenbach

Langrickenbach is a municipality of the district of Kreuzlingen in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.

Lengwil

Lengwil is a municipality of the district of Kreuzlingen in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.

Mitsubishi Model A

The Mitsubishi Model A is the only car built by the Mitsubishi Shipbuilding Company, a member of the Mitsubishi "keiretsu" which would later become Mitsubishi Motors, and the first automobile made in Japan. Based on the Fiat "Tipo 3", it was a four-door seven-seat sedan powered by a front-mounted 26kW 2.8 litre straight-4 engine driving the rear wheels, and could drive as fast as 20 mph. 22 were built at the company's Kobe shipyard between 1917 and 1921.

Gopher (protocol)

Gopher is a protocol. It was designed for distributing, searching, and retrieving documents over the Internet. Gopher represented an early alternative to the World Wide Web.

The gopher protocol has some things HTTP-based clients do not have. It is based on menus. An item selected from a menu will either open another menu, or a document.

Because of concern over possible licensing fees, and the relative flexibility of the World Wide Web, the protocol did not get much use. There are less than 200 gopher servers still actively maintained. Many of the remaining gopher servers are run by individuals. Most of them are rarely updated except for the ones run by enthusiasts of the protocol. A handful of new servers are set up every year by hobbyists - over 50 have been set up and added to Floodgap's list since 1999. Today Gopher exists as an almost forgotten corner of the Internet. - one can publish email addresses in plaintext without having to worry about spam, and publish large amounts of data without the risk of the server's bandwidth becoming saturated by overuse.

In the early stages of mobile Internet access, some suggested that the simple interface of Gopher would be a good match for mobile phones and Personal digital assistants (PDAs). Web-based solutions also won in the mobile space, with technologies like Wireless Markup Language (WML)/Wireless Application Protocol (WAP), DoCoMo i-mode, XHTML Basic or other adaptations of HTML and XML. 

Several server software packages are still maintained and updated for the Gopher protocol. For example, the PyGopherd Gopher server provides a built-in WML front-end to Gopher sites served with it. The Motsognir Gopher server provides PHP5 and Plugin support.

Many current web-browsers have stopped supporting the gopher protocol directly, such as Mozilla Firefox. But 3rd-party addons and plugins are still available to replace browser-based Gopher functionality.

Inner moons of Jupiter

The inner moons of Jupiter are four small moons that orbit close to Jupiter. These moons are closely interconnected with the rings of Jupiter and serve as both sources and sinks of the ring's material. Their semi-major axes range between 128,000 and 222,000 km.

The members of the group are (in order from closest to farthest):

Metis and Adrastea each orbit Jupiter in less than one Jovian day (the time it takes for Jupiter to rotate once). Phobos, a moon of Mars, is the only other moon known to orbit its planet in less than the length of that planet's day.


Galilean moons

The Galilean moons are the four satellites of Jupiter found by Galileo Galilei: Io, Europa, Ganymede, and Callisto. They are by far the biggest of the many moons of Jupiter.

Galileo Galilei found what came to be known as the Galilean moons around December 1609 or January 1610. As a result of improvements he made to the telescope, Galileo was able to see celestial bodies better than ever before in human history. Using his improved telescope, Galileo was the first to see four moons of Jupiter.

On January 7, 1610, Galileo wrote a letter containing the first mention of Jupiter’s moons. At the time, he only saw three of them, and he believed them to be fixed stars near Jupiter. He continued to look at them from January 8 through March 2. In these observations, he found a fourth body, and also observed that the four were not fixed stars, but rather were orbiting Jupiter.<ref name="Galilei/Helden, 15-16">Galilei/Helden, 15-16.</ref>
Galileo’s discovery proved the importance of the telescope as a tool for astronomers. It showed there were objects in space to be found, which were not seen by the naked eye. More importantly, the discovery of celestial bodies orbiting something other than the Earth dealt a blow to the then-accepted Ptolemaic world system. This held that the Earth was at the center of the universe and all other celestial bodies revolved around it. That Jupiter has four moons while Earth has only one further undercut the near-universal belief that the Earth was the center of the universe both in position and in importance. Galileo's "Sidereus Nuncius" ("Starry Messenger"), which announced celestial observations through his telescope, does not mention Copernican heliocentrism, a theory that placed the Sun at the center of the universe. Nevertheless, Galileo believed in the Copernican theory.

Galileo also developed a method of determining longitude based on the timing of the orbits of the Galilean moons.

A Chinese historian of astronomy claims that Chinese astronomer Gan De observed one of Jupiter's moons in 362 BC, but without a telescope it is difficult to see how this was done.

Galileo called his discovery the Cosmica Sidera ('Cosimo's stars'), in honour of Cosimo II de' Medici (1590–1621), grand-duke of Tuscany, whose patronage he wanted. At the grand-duke's suggestion, Galileo changed the name to Medicea Sidera ('the Medici stars'), honouring all four Medici brothers (Cosimo, Francesco, Carlo, and Lorenzo). The discovery was announced in the "Sidereus Nuncius" ('Starry Messenger'), published in Venice in March 1610, less than two months after the first observations.

Other names put forward, but the names which eventually prevailed were chosen by Simon Marius. Marius claimed to have found the moons at the same time as Galileo: he named them after lovers of the god Zeus (the Greek equivalent of Jupiter): "Io", "Europa", "Ganymede" and "Callisto", in his "Mundus Jovialis", published in 1614.

Galileo refused to use Marius's names and invented the numbering scheme that is still used nowadays, in parallel with proper moon names. 
The numbers run from Jupiter outward, thus I, II, III and IV for Io, Europa, Ganymede and Callisto respectively. Galileo used this system in his notebooks but never actually published it.

The Galilean moons are, in order from closest to Jupiter to farthest away:

All four Galilean moons are bright enough that they could, if they were farther away from Jupiter, be seen without a telescope. They have apparent magnitudes between 4.6 and 5.6 when Jupiter is in opposition with the Sun, and about one unit of magnitude dimmer when Jupiter is in conjunction. The main thing that is hard in observing them is due to the fact that they are very close to Jupiter, and are masked by its brightness. Their maximum angular separations from Jupiter are between 2 and 8 minutes of arc, close to the limit of human visual acuity. Ganymede and Callisto, at their maximum separation, are the likeliest targets for possible naked-eye observation. The easiest way to observe them is to cover Jupiter with an object, e.g. a tree limb or a power line that is perpendicular to the plane of moons' orbits.



Passion cantata

A Passion cantata is a cantata. The cantata takes its theme from the Passion of Jesus Christ, in other words his suffering until his death at the cross. Larger cantatas with this theme are known as oratorios.

Today, most of them are performed in the week before Easter.

In the English repertoire, the two classics are "The Crucifixion" (1887) by Sir John Stainer and "Olivet to Calvary" (1904) by John Henry Maunder. Other works include Sir Arthur Somervell's "The Passion of Christ" (1914), Charles Wood's "St. Mark Passion" (1921), Eric Thiman's "The Last Supper" (1930) and William Lloyd Webber's "The Saviour" (1942).

The most famous Passion cantatas are probably the two composed by Johann Sebastian Bach: the "St John Passion" (1724) and the "St Matthew Passion" (1727).

One notable work in Latin is Arvo Pärt's "Passio Domini Nostri Jesu Christi secundum Joannem" ("The Passion of Our Lord Jesus Christ according to John") of 1982.

Aberdeen Grammar School

Aberdeen Grammar School is one of the twelve secondary schools run by the government in the City of Aberdeen, Scotland. It is run by the Aberdeen City Council education department. It is the oldest school in the city. It is one of oldest grammar schools in the United Kingdom. It is around 750 years old. Lord Byron went to the Aberdeen Grammar School. A statue of him has been placed in front of the school. 

Wireless Application Protocol

The Wireless Application Protocol ("WAP") is a protocol. It was made to allow devices like mobile phones to access the internet. 

Himalia group

The Himalia group is a group of prograde non-spherical moons of Jupiter that follow similar orbits to Himalia and are thought to have a common origin.

The known members of the group are (in order from closest to farthest from Jupiter):
The orbit estimate of the recently found moon S/2000 J 11 also qualified it as a member of the group (it appeared to have the same inclination, and a slightly bigger semi-major axis)
but its orbit is not known exactly and the mean orbital elements have not yet been calculated.

The International Astronomical Union (IAU) reserves names in -a for the moons in this group.

The objects in the Himalia group have semi-major axes (distances from Jupiter) in the range of 11,150,000 and 11,750,000 km, inclinations between 26.6° and 28.3°, and eccentricities of between 0.11 and 0.25.
All moons in the group are grey similar to C-type asteroids. It has been suggested that the group could be a remnant of the break-up of an asteroid from the main asteroid belt. The radius of the parent asteroid was probably about 89 km, only a bit bigger than that of Himalia, which retains approximately 87% of the mass of the original body. This indicates the asteroid was not heavily disturbed.

SOS

SOS (· · · — — — · · ·) is a Morse code. It is used as distress code, to signal danger. It was introduced by the German government in radio regulations on April 1, 1905. It became the worldwide standard when it was included in the second International Radiotelegraphic Convention, which was signed on November 3, 1906. The convention became effective on July 1, 1908.

From the beginning, the SOS distress signal has actually been a continuous sequence of three-dits/three-dahs/three-dits, all run together without letter spacing. In International Morse Code, three dits form the letter S, and three dahs make the letter O, so "SOS" became an easy way to remember the correct order of the dits and dahs. In modern terminology, SOS is a "procedural signal" or "prosign", and the formal way to write it is with a bar above the letters. It should be written SOS.

In popular usage, SOS became associated with phrases such as "Save Our Souls," "Save our Ship", and others. It is mostly known by "Save Our Ship". However, these phrases were a later development, most likely as a Mnemonic to help remember the correct letters—something known as a backronym. In reality the signal SOS is not an acronym and doesn't stand for anything.

Many songs have been made of the distress signal SOS, such as Message in a Bottle by The Police, "SOS" by ABBA, "SOS" by Rihanna, "S.O.S." by the Jonas Brothers, "Stranger" by Gamma, "S.O.S" by The Suicide Machines, "S.O.S" by Ola Svensson and "SOS" by Avicii.

Before radio communication was developed in the early 1890s, seagoing ships had already adopted many different visual and audio distress signals. They used such things as semaphore flags, signal flares, bells, and foghorns. In the beginning, radio was called "wireless telegraphy". It used Morse code, the dit-and-dah system originally developed for landline telegraphy.When radio communication was made available to ships, there was a need for standardized communication. Cooperation was somewhat limited by national differences and rivalries between different radio companies.

The first International Radiotelegraphic Conference was held in Berlin, Germany in 1903. At the time, Captain Quintino Bonomo, an Italian representative, discussed the need for common operating procedures. He also had the suggestion that "ships in distress... should send the signal SSS DDD at intervals of a few minutes", according to "The Wireless Telegraph Conference", in the November 27, 1903, issue of "The Electrician". Question on how to do things were beyond the scope of the 1903 Conference. Although Article IV of the Conference's Final Protocol, signed August 13, 1903, said that "Wireless telegraph stations should unless practically impossible, give priority to calls for help received from ships at sea," no standard signal was adopted at the time.

Because there were no international regulations, each ship was left to develop its own practices. For example in 1905 the crew of a sinking lightship off Nantucket transmitted the word "HELP" to call for rescue. Perhaps the first international radio distress call adopted was "CQD" ( — · — ·    — — · —    — · · ).
This was announced on January 7, 1904 by "Circular 57" of the Marconi International Marine Communication Company. It became effective for Marconi installations on February 1, 1904. Another suggestion appeared in the 1906 edition of S. S. Robison's "Manual of Wireless Telegraphy for the Use of Naval Electricians," published for use by the United States Navy. This stated that the standard visual flag signals, known as the International Code of Signals, would likely also be adopted for radio use. Therefore, the flag signal "NC" ( — ·     — · — · ), which stood for "In distress; want immediate assistance", would also likely become the radio distress call.

A third standard resulted in the creation of the SOS distress signal. The German government issued a set of national radio regulations. These were used from April 1, 1905. They introduced three new Morse code sequences, including the SOS distress signal:

SOS was developed from the general German radio call "SOE", with the 3 dits of a "S" easier to hear in static than the one dit of an "E". The string has no other meaning. It was also selected because it is easy to recognize and can be sent rapidly. Comparing SOS (di-di-di-dah-dah-dah-di-di-dit) with the older CQD (dah-di-dah-dit dah-dah-di-dah dah-di-dit) (— ·—· /—— ·—/—· ·) it is obvious how much simpler the new code is. It would not be mistaken for CQ,either. "CQ" is the radio code for "calling anyone" used in casual circumstances.

In 1906, the second International Radiotelegraphic Convention was held in Berlin. This convention developed many Service Regulations to be added to the main agreement, which was signed on November 3, 1906, and became effective on July 1, 1908. Article XVI of the regulations adopted Germany's "Notzeichen" distress signal as the international standard, reading: "Ships in distress shall use the following signal: · · · — — — · · ·  repeated at brief intervals". The first ship to transmit an SOS distress call appears to have been the Cunard liner "Slavonia" on June 10, 1909, according to "Notable Achievements of Wireless" in the September, 1910 "Modern Electrics". However, there was some resistance among the Marconi operators about adopting the new signal, and, as late as the April, 1912 sinking of the RMS Titanic, the ship's Marconi operators intermixed CQD and SOS distress calls. But with the need for consistency for public safety, the use of CQD appears to have generally disappeared after this point.

In both the April 1, 1905 German law, and the 1906 International regulations, the distress signal was specified as a continuous Morse code sequence of three-dits/three-dahs/three-dits, with no mention of any alphabetic equivalents. However, in International Morse three dits make the letter S, and three dahs the letter O, and it soon became common to refer to the distress signal as "SOS." An early report on "The International Radio-Telegraphic Convention" in the January 12, 1907 "Electrical World" said that "Vessels in distress use the special signal, SOS, repeated at short intervals." (In American Morse code, which was used by many coastal ships in the United States through the first part of the 20th century, three dahs stood for the numeral "5", so in a few cases the distress signal was informally referred to as "S5S").

In contrast to CQD, which was sent as three separate letters with spaces between each letter, the SOS distress call has always been transmitted as a continuous sequence of dits-and-dahs, and not as individual letters. There was no problem as long as operators were aware that "SOS" was technically just a convenient way for remembering the proper sequence of the distress signal's total of nine dits and dahs. In later years, the number of special Morse symbols increased. In order to designate the proper sequence of dits-and-dahs for a long special symbol, the standard practice is to list alphabetic characters which contain the same dits-and-dahs in the same order, with a bar atop the character sequence to indicate that there should not be any internal spaces in the transmission. Thus, under the modern notation, the distress signal becomes SOS. (In International Morse, VTB, IJS and SMB, among others, would also correctly translate into the · · · — — — · · ·  distress call sequence, but traditionally only SOS is used).

SOS has also sometimes been used as a visual distress signal, consisting of three-short/three-long/three-short light flashes, or with "SOS" spelled out in individual letters, for example, stamped in a snowbank or formed out of logs on a beach. The fact that SOS can be read right side up as well as upside down became important for visual recognition if viewed from above.


Additional warning and distress signals were introduced after SOS. On January 20, 1914, the London International Convention on Safety of Life at Sea adopted the Morse code signal TTT ( —  —  —), three letter T's (—) spaced correctly as three letters so as not to be confused with the letter O (- - -), as the "Safety Signal," used for messages to ships "involving safety of navigation and being of an urgent character." When radio transmitters that could send audio were developed, there was a need for a spoken distress phrase, and "Mayday" was adopted by the 1927 International Radio Convention as the equivalent of SOS. For TTT the equivalent audio signals are "Pan-pan" for urgency and "Securite" for navigational safety.

During the Second World War, additional codes were used to include immediate details about attacks by enemy vessels, especially in the Battle of the Atlantic. The signal SSS signalled attacked by submarines, whilst RRR warned of an attack by a surface raider, QQQ warned of an unknown raider (usually an auxiliary cruiser), and AAA indicated an attack by aircraft. They were usually sent in conjunction with the SOS distress code. All of these codes later switched from three repeats of the letter to four repeats ("RRRR", etc.).


Naturalization

Naturalization is when a person changes their nationality. Most people have the nationality of the country where they are born and grow up. In other cases, one can be a citizen of a country because the individual in question had a parent, grandparent, etc who was/is a citizen of a different country. If they move to another country they will still keep their own nationality at first, but if they stay there for many years and want to stay there for the rest of their lives they may want to change their nationality. 

Different countries have different laws about naturalization. Usually the person must make a promise in a court of law. He will have to promise to be a good citizen and obey the country's laws. Sometimes a country gives citizenship to someone who has not asked for it. Sometimes, someone can keep their first nationality as well as getting a new one. This is "dual nationality". Sometimes children whose parents have different nationalities are allowed to have dual nationality.

Someone who has been naturalized will normally have all the rights that any other person belonging to that country has.

The reverse also happens. States sometimes remove citizenship. This denaturalization can leave the former citizen stateless.

Semaphore line

A semaphore line is an installation used to send optical signals. It is also known as optical telegraph. Common system include signal towers with special installations on them or hand-held flags. The meaning of the signal is determined by the position of the elements, for example the flags. The signal can be read when it is in a stable position. In modern usage, it refers to signalling with a set of flags. 

Signal towers came before the electric telegraph. They were faster than sending out post riders with the information. 
The following semaphore characters are presented as one would face the flagman:

Ananke group

The Ananke group is a group of moons of Jupiter. They are retrograde non-spherical moons that follow similar orbits to Ananke and may have a common origin.

Their semi-major axes (distances from Jupiter) range between 19,300,000 and 22,700,000 km, their inclinations between 145.7° and 154.8°, and their orbital eccentricities between 0.02 and 0.28.
The core members include (from biggest to smallest):
The International Astronomical Union (IAU) reserves names ending in -e for all retrograde moons, including this group's members.

The Ananke group is believed to have been formed when an asteroid was captured by Jupiter and broken apart by a collision.

Based on the sizes of the moons, the original asteroid may have been about 28 km in diameter. Since this value is near the approximate diameter of Ananke itself, it is likely the parent body was not heavily disrupted.

Three of the moons of the family (Harpalyke, Praxidike and Iocaste) display similar grey colours while Ananke itself is on the boundary between grey and light red.

Carme group

The Carme group is a group of retrograde non-spherical moons of Jupiter that follow similar orbits to Carme and are thought to have a common origin.

Their semi-major axes (distances from Jupiter) range between 22,900,000 and 24,100,000 km, their inclinations between 164.9° and 165.5°, and their orbital eccentricities between 0.23 and 0.27 (with one exception).
The core members include (from biggest to smallest):

The International Astronomical Union (IAU) reserves names in -e for all retrograde moons, including this group's members.
The Carme group may once have been a single body that was broken apart by an impact. Further support to the single body origin comes from the known colours: all the moons appear light red,
and infrared spectra, similar to D-type asteroids.

Alexis Bouvard

Alexis Bouvard (June 27, 1767 – June 7, 1843) was a French astronomer. He is particularly noted for his careful observations of the irregulrities in the motion of Uranus and his hypothesis of the existence of an eighth planet in the solar system.

George Biddell Airy

Sir George Biddell Airy (27 July 1801–2 January 1892) was an English mathematician and astronomer, Astronomer Royal from 1835 to 1881. His many achievements include work on planetary orbits, measuring the mean density of the Earth, a method of solution of two-dimensional problems in solid mechanics and, in his role as Astronomer Royal, establishing Greenwich at the location of the prime meridian. His reputation has been tarnished by allegations that, through his inaction, Britain lost the opportunity of priority in the discovery of Neptune.


Pasiphaë group

The Pasiphaë group is a group of retrograde non-spherical moons of Jupiter that follow similar orbits to Pasiphaë and are thought of have a common origin.

Their semi-major axes (distances from Jupiter) range between 22,800,000 and 24,100,000 km (the same range as the Carme group), their inclinations between 144.5° and 158.3°, and their eccentricities between 0.25 and 0.43.

Core members of the group include (from the biggest to the smallest):


The International Astronomical Union (IAU) reserves names ending in -e for all retrograde moons, including this group's members.

The Pasiphaë group is believed to have been formed when Jupiter captured an asteroid which broke up after a collision. The original asteroid was not disturbed heavily: the original body is calculated to have been 60 km in diameter, about the same size as Pasiphaë; Pasiphaë has 99% of the original body's mass. However, if Sinope belongs to the group, the amount is much smaller, 87%.

The differences of colour between the objects (grey for Pasiphaë, light red for Callirrhoe and Megaclite) also suggest that the group could have a more complex origin than a single collision.

Rashomon

The movie is based on two short stories by Ryūnosuke Akutagawa.

The fictional plot is set in Japan in the Heian period.
There is a murder and rape in a forest: these things happen to different characters.
The movie is famous for having an unusual type of story. The same event is described differently by the four different people involved in it. Most movies describe the same things in one way during the entire movie. The four people said different things. The movie does not say which person is right.

The 1964 movie "The Outrage" was a remake of "Rashomon". Kurosawa was acknowledged for the screenplay. The movie's concept is also mirrored in many other movies, including "Hero", "Vantage Point", "Courage Under Fire" and "Basic".



James Challis

James Challis (12 December 1803 – 3 December 1882) was an English clergyman, physicist and astronomer. Plumian Professor and director of the Cambridge Observatory, he investigated a wide range of physical phenomena though made few lasting contributions outside astronomy. He is best remembered for his missed opportunity to discover the planet Neptune in 1846.

Heinrich Louis d'Arrest

Heinrich Louis d'Arrest (13 July 1822 – 14 June 1875) was a Prussian astronomer, born in Berlin. His name is sometimes given as Heinrich Ludwig d'Arrest. He died in Copenhagen, Denmark.



Olin J. Eggen

Olin Jeuck Eggen (July 9, 1919 – October 2, 1998) was an American astronomer. Some sources incorrectly give his name as Olin Jenck Eggen.



John Herschel

Sir John Frederick William Herschel, 1st Baronet (7 March 1792 – 11 May 1871)
was an English mathematician, astronomer, chemist, and experimental photographer/inventor. He was the son of astronomer Sir William Herschel and the father of 12 children.


Berlin Observatory

The Berlin Observatory (Berliner Sternwarte in German) has its origins in 1700 when Gottfried Leibniz initiated the "Societät der Wissenschaften" (Brandenburgische Science Society) which would later (1744) become the "Preußischen Akademie der Wissenschaften" (Prussian Academy of Sciences). The Society had no observatory, but nevertheless had an astronomer, Gottfried Kirch, who observed from a private observatory in Berlin. A first small observatory was furnished in 1711, financing itself through calendrical computations.

Astronomer Royal

Astronomer Royal is a senior post in the Royal Household of the Sovereign of the United Kingdom. There are two officers, the senior being the Astronomer Royal dating from 22 June 22 1675, and the second the Astronomer Royal for Scotland, which dates from 1834. No Catholic or Jew has ever held the position. 

King Charles II, who founded the Royal Observatory, Greenwich in 1675 instructed the first Astronomer Royal John Flamsteed, "to apply himself with the most exact care and diligence to the rectifying of the tables of the motions of the heavens, and the places of the fixed stars, so as to find out the so much desired longitude of places for the perfecting of the art of navigation".

From that time until 1972 the Astronomer Royal was Director of the Royal Observatory Greenwich. As Astronomer Royal he receives a stipend of £100 a year and is a member of the Royal Household, under the general authority of the Lord Chamberlain. After the separation of the two offices the position of Astronomer Royal has been largely honorary, though he remains available to advise the Sovereign on astronomical and related scientific matters, and the office is of great prestige.

Royal Observatory, Greenwich

The Royal Observatory, Greenwich (Royal Greenwich Observatory or 'RGO') was commissioned in 1675 by King Charles II.

At this time the king also created the position of Astronomer Royal, for John Flamsteed, to beas the director of the observatory.

He was to "apply himself with the most exact care and diligence to the rectifying of the tables of the motions of the heavens, and the places of the fixed stars, so as to find out the so much desired longitude of places for the perfecting of the art of navigation". 

The Observatory is on a hill in Greenwich Park in Greenwich, London, overlooking the River Thames.

The Greenwich Meridian runs through the site of the Observatory. It is the line at which the longitude is defined as 0°.

Keira Knightley

Keira Christina Knightley, (; born 26 March 1985) is a Golden Globe and Academy Award nominated English actress. She is best known for her first major movie role as Elizabeth Swann in the Pirates of the Caribbean movie trilogy, and as Elizabeth Bennet in "Pride & Prejudice".

Knightley was born on 26 March 1985 in Teddington, London, England. Her mother, Sharman Macdonald, is Scottish. Her father, Will Knightley, is English. He wanted to name his daughter "Kiera", after the Russian ice skater, Kira Ivanova. When her mother went to register her, she misspelt the name. Knightley has an older brother, Caleb. When Knightley lived in Richmond, she studied at Stanley Junior School, Teddington School and Esher College.

When Knightley was three years old, she asked to her parents to hire an agent for her. They promised to do this, if she studied very well. That's why Keira was a good and diligent pupil.


Carnosaur

Carnosaurs are a subgroup of the theropod dinosaurs. They are the clade Carnosauria. The term was once used very widely, but is now defined more narrowly. It is called by some authorities the Allosauroidea.

The group includes some of the main carnivores of the Jurassic and Cretaceous periods, such as "Allosaurus", "Carcharodontosaurus" and "Neovenator". Modern cladistic analysis defines Carnosauria (or Allosauroidea) as those tetanurans which share a more recent common ancestor with "Allosaurus" than with modern birds.

Carnosaurs are characterized by several features. Some features must have been adaptations to their large size, such as their open skull, made of struts rather than solid bone. They had 
large eyes and a long, narrow skull. The femur ("thigh bone") is usually larger than the tibia ("shin bone"). This suggests close-to action was controlled by sight. 

The legs are adapted for running, but not extremely so. They had strong arms, probably used to wrestle prey as the teeth bit in. The structure of an "Allosaurus" suggests a strongly-built general all-round predator. This is a different from a tyrannosaur like "Albertosaurus", which was better adapted for running on open ground. Tyrannosaurs, with their small two-fingered hands, would use their heads for killing prey, and for head-butting rivals.

The idea that the group became extinct at the end of the Jurassic is refuted. It is now known that the Neovenatorid clade survived until the end of the Mesozoic. This group (see cladogram below) included "Aerosteon", "Australovenator", "Fukuiraptor" and "Neovenator".


The cladogram presented here follows the 2010 analysis by Benson, Carrano and Brusatte.

Lake Pontchartrain

Lake Pontchartrain ( in English; "Lac Pontchartrain," [lak pɔ̃ʃaʀtʀɛ̃] in French) is a brackish lake in southeastern Louisiana. It is the second largest salt-water lake in the United States, after the Great Salt Lake in Utah, and the largest lake in Louisiana. 

It has an area of 630 square miles (1630 square km) with an average depth of 12 to 14 feet (about 4 meters). Some shipping channels are kept deeper through dredging. It is roughly oval in shape, about 40 miles (64 km) wide and 24 miles (39 km) from south to north.


Bianca (moon)

Bianca is a closer moon to Uranus. It was found from the images taken by "Voyager 2" on 1986-01-23, and was given the designation S/1986 U 9. It was named after the sister of Katherine in Shakespeare's play "The Taming of the Shrew". It is also designated Uranus VIII.

Bianca belongs to Portia Group of moons, which also includes Cressida, Desdemona, Juliet, Portia, Rosalind, Cupid, Belinda and Perdita. These moons have similar orbits and photometric properties. Other than its orbit, radius of 27 km and geometric albedo of 0.08 almost nothing is known about it.

At the Voyager 2 images Bianca appears as a stretched object, the major axis pointing towards Uranus. The ratio of axises of the Bianca's prolate spheroid is 0.7 ± 0.2. Its surface is grey in color.


Cressida (moon)

Cressida is a closer moon to Uranus. It was found from the images taken by "Voyager 2" on 1986-01-09, and was given the designation S/1986 U 3. It was named after the Trojan daughter of Calchas, a tragic heroine who appears in William Shakespeare's play "Troilus and Cressida" (as well as in tales by Geoffrey Chaucer and others). It is also designated Uranus IX.

Cressida belongs to Portia Group of moons, which also includes Bianca, Desdemona, Juliet, Portia, Rosalind, Cupid, Belinda and Perdita. These moons have similar orbits and photometric properties. Other than its orbit, radius of 41 km and geometric albedo of 0.08 almost nothing is known about it.

At the Voyager 2 images Cressida appears as a stretched object, the major axis pointing towards Uranus. The ratio of axes of Cressida's prolate spheroid is 0.8 ± 0.3. Its surface is grey in color.


Desdemona (moon)

Desdemona is a closer moon to Uranus. It was found from the images taken by "Voyager 2" on 1986-01-13, and was given the designation S/1986 U 6. Desdemona is named after the wife of Othello in William Shakespeare's play "Othello". It is also designated Uranus X.

Desdemona belongs to Portia Group of moons, which also includes Bianca, Cressida, Juliet, Portia, Rosalind, Cupid, Belinda and Perdita. These moons have similar orbits and photometric properties. Unfortunately, other than its orbit, radius of 34 km and geometric albedo of 0.08 almost nothing is known about it.

At the Voyager 2 images Desdemona appears as a stretched object, the major axis pointing towards Uranus. The ratio of axises of the Desdemona's prolate spheroid is 0.6 ± 0.3. Its surface is grey in color.


Honeydew (disambiguation)

Honeydew could mean:


Art Pepper

Arthur Edward "Art" Pepper, Jr. (September 1, 1925–June 15, 1982) was an American jazz alto saxophonist. He was born in Gardena, California United States. Pepper began his musical career in the 1940s playing with Benny Carter. Along with Chet Baker, Gerry Mulligan, Shelly Manne and others, he performed and recorded a lot of very good music.
Some of his most famous albums are "Art Pepper Meets the Rhythm Section", "The Aladdin Recordings" (three volumes), "Art Pepper + Eleven - Modern Jazz Classics", "Gettin' Together", and "Smack Up". 

He wrote a book in 1980 called "Straight Life". The book is about his life and his music. It was very popular because it was honest, and very good. There was also a movie made called "Art Pepper: Notes from a Jazz Survivor", which is available on DVD.


Squash (sport)

Squash is a sport in which two players hit a ball with a racket (or "Racquet"). The aim of the game is to beat the other player by hitting the front wall and making the ball bounce twice on the floor before they can hit their turn, or for them to hit the ball out of play.

The ball is made of rubber. It is hollow. When it is warm (due to being hit many times) it bounces more. Balls are marked with different coloured dots. They are made to bounce at different speeds depending on the colour of the dots. Balls with two yellow dots are slow, while balls with one yellow dot are a little bit faster. Balls with green or white dots are average. Balls with red or blue dots are fast.

The racket (or "Racquet") is similar to a tennis racket, but it's lighter and smaller.The specifications have changed over the years and now the rackets are becoming larger. The limit for racquet head size is 500 square centimeters.

Squash games are played to at least 11 points, and the winning player must win by two points. Games can go on indefinitely until one player gains a two-point lead. Matches are won by the first player to win three games (best of five games). A point is scored when a player hits a shot which strikes the front wall of the court and then bounces twice before that player's opponent hits it to the front wall. A point is also scored when a player hits the ball too high (called "out") or too low on the front wall (when it will hit the tin, which rises 18 inches off the floor on the front wall). Every point is started with a serve, which must be hit from one of the small service boxes on either side of the court, must hit the front wall above the service line across the middle of the front wall, and must land in the back quarter of the court on the opposite side from where the serve was hit.

If one player gets in the way of the other who is trying to get to the ball, that player can ask the referee for a "let," which results in the point being replayed. If a player prevents the other player from swinging at the ball, creating a dangerous situation, that player can appeal for a "stroke," which results in the player who could not safely hit the ball winning the point. If the referee feels that the swinging player could not have reached the ball, or did not make every effort to get to it, then the referee can award "no let," which means that the point ends as it would have had no one asked for a let or stroke.

Squash was played by Jahangir Khan who had dominated it for 25 years. He had beat Rodney Martin from Australia 15-5, 15-8, and 15-10 in the final round. He can be considered the #1 squash player. Currently, the most top players come from either Egypt (Ramy Ashour, Mohammed El Shorbagy, Amr Shabana) or England (Nick Matthew, James Willstrop, Deryl Selby, Peter Barker).


Juliet (moon)

Juliet is a closer moon to Uranus. It was found from the images taken by "Voyager 2" on 1986-01-03, and was given the designation S/1986 U 2. It is named after the heroine of William Shakespeare's play "Romeo and Juliet". It is also designated Uranus XI.

Juliet belongs to Portia Group of moons, which also includes Bianca, Cressida, Desdemona, Portia, Rosalind, Cupid, Belinda and Perdita. These moons have similar orbits and photometric properties. Unfortunately, other than its orbit, radius of 53 km and geometric albedo of 0.08 almost nothing is known about it.

At the Voyager 2 images Juliet appears as a stretched object, the major axis pointing towards Uranus. The ratio of axises of the Juliet's prolate spheroid is 0.5 ± 0.3, which is rather an extreme value. Its surface is grey in color.


Low Saxon

Low Saxon or Lower Saxon may refer to:




Project Runway

Project Runway is a reality television series where clothing designers compete. It is shown on the Bravo network. The winner of the first season was Jay McCarroll. The winner of the second season was Chloe Dao. The winner of the third season was Jeffrey Sebelia.

Contestants

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

7.

8.

9.

10.

11.

12.

13.

14.

Lommis

Lommis is a municipality in Münchwilen in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.


Mammern

Mammern is a municipality of the district of Frauenfeld in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.

It is by the Lake Constance. It has a population of 560 people.

Märstetten

Märstetten is a municipality of the district of Weinfelden in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.

Matzingen

Matzingen is a municipality of the district of Frauenfeld in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.

Müllheim, Switzerland

Müllheim is a municipality of the district of Frauenfeld in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.

Münsterlingen

Münsterlingen is a municipality of the district of Kreuzlingen in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.

Neunforn

Neunforn is a municipality of the district of Frauenfeld in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.

Pfyn

Pfyn is a municipality of the district of Frauenfeld in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.


Raperswilen

Raperswilen is a municipality of the district of Kreuzlingen in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.

Rickenbach, Thurgau

Rickenbach is a municipality of the district of Münchwilen in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.

Roggwil, Thurgau

Roggwil is a municipality of the district of Arbon in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.

Romanshorn

Romanshorn is a municipality of the district of Arbon in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.


Franconian Dialect

The Franconian Dialect () is a dialect, which is spoken in Flanders and French Flanders, the Netherlands (except the northeast), Luxembourg, the western central part of Germany and bordering France.

Tübingen

Tübingen is a city in the German state Baden-Württemberg. It has about 83,000 people (2007). Tübingen is a traditional university town. About one in ten people living in Tübingen is a student.

Between 1470 and 1483, St. George's Collegiate Church was built. The collegiate church offices provided the opportunity for what soon afterwards became the most significant event in Tübingen's history: the founding of the Eberhard Karls University by Duke Eberhard im Bart of Württemberg in 1477, thus making it one of the oldest universities in Central Europe. The University of Tübingen became soon renowned as one of the most influential places of learning in the Holy Roman Empire, especially for theology. A Protestant faculty, Tübinger Stift, was established in 1535 in the former Augustinian monastery.

Salenstein

Salenstein is a municipality of the district of Kreuzlingen in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.

Salenstein was the home village of Napoleon III who passed there his youth at Castle Arenenberg.

Salmsach

Salmsach is a municipality of the district of Arbon in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.

Schlatt bei Diessenhofen

Schlatt bei Diessenhofen is a municipality of the district of Frauenfeld in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.

Schönholzerswilen

Schönholzerswilen is a municipality of the district of Weinfelden in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.


Bong

A bong or a water pipe is a special pipe. When a person smokes with a bong, they pull the smoke through the water in it. This makes the smoke not as hot. Most often, either tobacco or cannabis are smoked with it.


Sirnach

Sirnach is a municipality in Münchwilen in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.


Sommeri

Sommeri is a municipality in Arbon in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.

Stettfurt

Stettfurt is a municipality of the district of Frauenfeld in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.

Sulgen

Sulgen is a municipality of the district of Weinfelden in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.

Violin Concerto (Berg)

Alban Berg's Violin Concerto was written in 1935. It is one of the most famous concertos for the violin written in the 20th century. It is also probably Berg's best known and most often performed piece.

Berg was asked to write a violin concerto for the violinist Louis Krasner. At the time he was working hard on his opera "Lulu", which took him several years to write. He stopped working on the opera for four months in the summer of 1935 so that he could write the violin concerto. He had probably already started the concerto when he heard the sad news of the death of a girl called Manon Gropius, the daughter of Alma Mahler (who had once been Gustav Mahler's wife) and Walter Gropius. Berg decided to dedicate the concerto to Manon. He wrote at the top of the work: "To the memory of an angel."

When Berg died on 24 December 1935 he had not finished "Lulu". It is possible he might have finished it if he had not spent time writing the violin concerto. The work was first performed after the composer's death, with Krasner playing the solo part, on 19 April 1936 in Barcelona.

The instruments in the orchestra for the Violin Concerto are: 2 flutes (both doubling as piccolo), 2 oboes, (one doubling as a cor anglais), alto saxophone (doubling as a clarinet), 2 clarinets, bass clarinet, 2 bassoons, contrabassoon, 4 horns, 2 trumpets, 2 trombones, tuba, timpani, percussion, harp piano and strings.

The concerto has two movements. Each movement is also divided into two sections. The first movement begins with an Andante in classical sonata form, followed by the Allegretto, a dance-like section. The second movement starts with an Allegro which uses a small rhythmic idea. The solo part is very difficult to play here. The orchestra plays very loudly and comes to a big climax. The work ends quietly. The first two sections are meant to be about life, the last two sections are about death.

Berg composed music using the twelve tone technique that he had learned from his teacher Arnold Schoenberg, but his music also sounds at times as if it is an ordinary major or minor key. A piece of music using twelve tone technique starts with twelve notes in which each of the 12 pitches (C, C sharp, D etc.) is used before it can be repeated.

Here is Berg's tone row in the Violin Concerto:

This tone row does not sound as random as many tone rows are because parts of it sound quite tonal. This is because the first three notes are a G minor triad; notes three to five are a D major triad; notes five to seven are an A minor triad; notes seven to nine are an E major triad; and the last four notes together make up part of a whole tone scale. The first notes of each group of triads together form G, D, A and E, which are the open strings of the violin. The opening of the concerto makes this very obvious.

The last four notes of the row, rising whole tones, are also the first four notes of the chorale melody, "Es ist genug" ("It Is Enough"). Berg quotes this chorale in the last movement of the piece, using the harmony composed by Johann Sebastian Bach.

There is also another quotation in the piece: a Carinthian folk song. It is unusual to have a simple folk song in the middle of a concerto. Berg wanted it to describe Manon Gropius, a simple young girl.

Many people find twelve tone music hard to listen to, but this concerto is easier than most serial works to understand. This is partly because some of the music is tonal, but also because of the programme: the idea behind the music (Manon, life and death).

Portia (moon)

Portia is a closer moon to Uranus. It was found from the images taken by "Voyager 2" on 1986-01-03, and was given the designation S/1986 U 1. The moon is named after Portia, the heroine of William Shakespeare's play "The Merchant of Venice". It is also designated Uranus XII.

Portia is the second biggest closer moon of Uranus after Puck. The Portian orbit, which lies inside Uranus' synchronous orbital radius, is slowly shrinking due to tidal deceleration. The moon will one day either break up into a planetary ring or hit Uranus.

It heads a group of moons called Portia Group, which includes Bianca, Cressida, Desdemona, Juliet, Rosalind, Cupid, Belinda and Perdita. These moons have similar orbits and photometric properties.

Little is known about Portia beyond its size of about 140 km, orbit, and geometric albedo of about 0.08.

In the Voyager 2 images, Portia appears as a stretched object whose major axis points towards Uranus. The ratio of axises of the Portia's prolate spheroid is 0.8 ± 0.1. Its surface is grey in color. Observations with Hubble Space Telescope and large terrestrial telescopes found water ice absorption features in the spectrum of Portia.


Tom and Jerry Tales

Tom and Jerry Tales is an animated television series which began production in 2006. It was on The CW's "Kids WB" block. The series stars the well-known title characters from the "Tom and Jerry" shorts, and is the first made for TV cartoon to emulate the theatrical shorts. It grew from direct-to-video movies "" (2001), "" (2005), "" (2005), "" (2006), and "" (2007).


Ragıp Zarakolu

Ragıp Zarakolu (born 1948) is a Turkish publisher who has long faced legal problems for publishing books on controversial things in Turkey, especially on minority and human rights in Turkey. 

Ragıp Zarakolu was born in 1948 on the island of Büyükada close to Istanbul. His father, Remzi Zarakolu, was the district governor on that island. Ragıp Zarakolu grew up with members of the Greek and Armenian minority in Turkey and began writing for "Ant" and "Yeni Ufuklar" magazines in 1968.

In 1971, the Turkish government was overthrown. Ragıp Zarakolu was tried on charges of secret relations to Amnesty International. He spent five months in prison before being declared innocent. In 1972 he was sentenced to 2 years in prison for his paragraph in the journal "Ant" (Oath) on "Ho Chi Minh and the Vietnam War". He stayed in Selimiye Prison (in Istanbul) and was set free in 1974 after a general amnesty. On his release Zarakolu refused to abandon his work for freedom of thought, because he wanted different thoughts and cultures to be available in Turkey.

The Belge Publishing House, established in Istanbul in 1977 by Zarakolu and his wife Ayşenur, has been a focus for Turkish censorship laws ever since. The couple were imprisoned and the books confiscated and destroyed.

In 1979 he was one of the founders of the daily newspaper "Demokrat" and took responsibility for the news desk on foreign affairs. The paper was banned and Ragıp Zarakolu was imprisoned in 1982 because of his link to "Demokrat". He was banned from leaving the country between 1971 and 1991. In 1986 he became one of 98 starters of the Human Rights Association in Turkey. For some time he chaired the Writers in Prison Committee of International PEN in Turkey. In 2007 he chaired the Committee for Freedom of Publication in the Union of Publishers.

Until the military coup of 12 September 1980, "Belge" Publishing House mostly published academic and theoretical books. Afterwards "Belge" started to publish books written by political prisoners. The series of 35 books consisted of poems, shorts stories, and novels. This includes more than 10 translations of Greek literature, 10 books on the Armenian Question and five books related to the Jews in Turkey. There are also a number of books dealing with the Kurds in Turkey.

He also published several books on the Armenian Genocide – such as George Jerjian's book "History Will Free All of Us/Turkish-Armenian Conciliation" and Professor Dora Sakayan's "An Armenian Doctor in Turkey: Garabed Hatcherian: My Smyrna Ordeal of 1922" – which brought new criminal charges in 2005.

In 1995 the Belge Publishing House offices were firebombed, forcing it to be housed in a cellar. Since his wife's death in 2002, Zarakolu continues to face further prosecutions.


Press release / OSCE

Aska Yang

Aska Yang (born April 4, 1978) is a popular Taiwanese singer and a member of Million Star Gang (星光幫).

Aska Yang is listed in "Taiwan Who is Who 2007-2008" and he is also ranked the 2nd place of Yahoo! Taiwan Person of the Year 2007, the 2nd place of United Daily Star News of the Year 2007, the 1st place of Apple Daily Person of the Year 2007 and one of the Top Five Newcomers 2007 chosen by SinaNet.

On November 17, 2007, Aska Yang was invited to perform at the Sun Yat-sen Memorial Hall for the 42nd Golden Bell Awards (金鐘獎) in Taipei. He sang a medley of eleven classic TV drama theme songs from the past century.

Aska Yang was born on April 4, 1978 in Taoyuan, Taiwan. He graduated from Naili Primary School in 1990, Tzu-Chiang Junior School in 1994, and National Chungli Senior High School in 1996. During his college time at the National Changhua University of Education (NCUE), Aska attended numerous singing competitions at or out of the campus and won several championships. In 2007, he was a contestant on the show One Million Star, a singing competition that was broadcast on CTV. Later that year, he graduated from the Department of Guidance & Counseling at the National Changhua University of Education . In 2009, he started his master's degree program in the Sports Psychology Department at the National Taiwan Sport University, NTSU.


Ara Gevorgyan

Ara Gevorgian (Gevorgyan) (born April 19, 1960, Yerevan) is an Armenian musician, composer and musical producer. In 2004 he was awarded by the "Honorary Artist of the Republic of Armenia" title by the President Robert Kocharyan.

Gevorgian is the son of well-known Armenian folk-singer Valya Samvelyan. He studied at #31 school of Yerevan and at the A. Tigranyan musical school at the same time. During the two years he studied at Yerevan #8 college of Fine Arts. From 1983 to 1987 he studied at Armenian pedagogical institute after Khachatur Abovyan at the faculty of wood wide instruments and pop music department. 
In 1987-1989 Gevorgian taught conducting at the same Institute, then he worked at Armenian Television ("3-Aliq" TV program). 

In 1983 he founded the "Rally" Armenian pop-rock band, the participant of "Song - 85" festival. 

He participated in the Opening Ceremony of the Cultural Year of Armenia in Russia hosted at the Moscow Kremlin Music Hall and honored by the presence of the presidents of Armenia and Russia Robert Kocharyan and Vladimir Putin respectively and the famous singer Charles Aznavour.

Ara Gevorgian co-operates with Jivan Gasparyan, Ian Gillan, Demis Roussos, Pedro Eustache, Daniel Decker and others. Among his most popular songs are "Adana", "Artsakh", "Ov Hayots Ashkharh" and "Ovkyanosits ayn koghm".


Heidi Klum

Heidi Klum Kaulitz (born 1 June 1973) is a German model, actress and singer. She hosts "Project Runway" and "Germany's Next Top Model". She also models for "Victoria's Secret".

Heidi was born in Bergisch Gladbach, North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany. Her father was a company leader and her mother was a hair stylist. She won a modelling competition. She beat over 25,000 other people. She got $300,000 from it, and modeled in the United States. She has been on the cover of many magazines. These include "Vogue Magazine", "Elle", and "Marie Claire". She became famous for being in "Sports Illustrated".

She is now the host and a judge on Project Runway. It is a show where clothing designers compete to win $100,000 to make designs. She had chances to win Emmys for the first three seasons of the show. She also is the primary host of "Germany's Next Topmodel" and therefore mostly known as a german juror and model. It is similar to "America's Next Top Model" which is hosted by Tyra Banks.

Heidi married Ric Pipino in 1997. Ric was a hair stylist for famous people. They separated in 2002. After the separation, Klum was with race car businessman Flavio Briatore. She became pregnant with his baby. They separated after he was with another woman. Her daughter was born on 4 May 2004 in New York City. Her name is Helene 'Leni' Klum.

She was in a relationship with Seal, a musician, while pregnant with Leni. They were married 10 May 2005 in Mexico. They have two sons, Henry Günther Ademola Dashtu Samuel, born 12 September 2005 in Los Angeles, California, and Johan Riley Fyodor Taiwo Samuel born 22 November 2006 in Los Angeles. They also have a daughter together named Lou born 9 October 2009. Seal acts as Leni's father and has adopted her. The couple divorced in 2015.

In February 2019, she married Tokio Hotel guitarist Tom Kaulitz.


Ceratosauria

Ceratosaurs are a group of theropod dinosaurs. They are defined as "all theropods sharing a more recent common ancestry with "Ceratosaurus" than with birds". 

Ceratosauria includes the Upper Jurassic to Upper Cretaceous theropods "Ceratosaurus", "Elaphrosaurus", and "Abelisaurus", found mainly in the southern hemisphere. 

The earlies known Ceratosaur is from the Middle Jurassic of Patagonia, "Eoabelisaurus". This predates the oldest "certainly known" known member of the lineage by more than 40 million years. The almost complete skeleton of "Eoabelisaurus" shows the earliest evolutionary stages of the distinctive abelisaurid modification of the forelimb. 

Originally, Ceratosauria included the above dinosaurs plus the Upper Triassic to Lower Jurassic "Coelophysis" and "Dilophosaurus". This implied a much earlier divergence of ceratosaurs from other theropods. However, recent studies have shown that coelophysoids and dilophosaurids do not form a natural group with other ceratosaurs, and so they are excluded from this group.

Rosalind (moon)

Rosalind is a closer moon to Uranus. It was found from the images taken by "Voyager 2" on January 13, 1986, and was given the designation S/1986 U 4. It was named after the daughter of the banished Duke in William Shakespeare's play "As You Like It". It is also designated Uranus XIII.

Rosalind belongs to Portia Group of moons, which also includes Bianca, Cressida, Desdemona, Portia, Juliet, Cupid, Belinda and Perdita. These moons have similar orbits and photometric properties. Unfortunately, other than its orbit, radius of 36 km and geometric albedo of 0.08 almost nothing is known about it.

At the Voyager 2 images Rosalind appears as an almost spherical object. The ratio of axises of the Rosalind's prolate spheroid is 1.0-0.8. Its surface is grey in color.


Cupid (moon)

Cupid is an inner moon (which makes it one of the closer moons) of Uranus. It was found by Mark Showalter and Jack J. Lissauer in 2003 using the Hubble Space Telescope. It was named after a character in William Shakespeare's play "Timon of Athens".

It is the smallest of the closer Uranian moons, estimated to be only about 18 km in diameter. This and the dark surface made it too dim to be detected by the "Voyager 2" cameras during its Uranus flyby in 1986.

The orbit of Cupid is only 863 km from the orbit of the bigger moon Belinda. Amazingly, compared to Mab and Perdita, the recently found Uranian moons, it does not seem to be perturbed.

Following its discovery, Cupid was given the designation S/2003 U 2. It is also designated Uranus XXVII.

It should not be confused with the asteroid 763 Cupido.


Uzi

The Uzi is a type of submachine gun (SMG). It is famous for being very small and easy to carry, much more easily than any SMG made in World War II. It does this by loading magazines inside the grip, much like a pistol. It was not the first submachine gun to do this, but the Uzi was the first used on a large scale. 

There are different kinds of Uzis: Mini Uzi, which is a smaller version of the Uzi; Micro Uzi, which is only slightly larger than a standard pistol; Para Micro Uzi, which was made for Counter Terrorist Units; and the Uzi Pistol, which is semi-automatic (it fires one bullet every time you pull the trigger). All of these kinds of Uzis are still in use by the special forces today. It is slowly being replaced by the MP-5.

Uzis were invented by an Israeli army officer, Uziel Gal. This gun was first used in 1956. Uzis were used in the 1967 Six Day War by Israel. They are made by Israel Military Industries and also by the Belgian weapon company, FN.

Even though Uziel Gal told his manufacturers not to name the weapon after him, they ignored his request and did so anyway.


Escape the Fate

Escape the Fate is an American post-hardcore band from Las Vegas, Nevada.

The band was formed in 2004, in 2005 they won a radio competition to open for My Chemical Romance which led to a signing to Epitaph Records. In the year 2006 the band released debut album, "Dying Is Your Latest Fashion". With the new frontman Craig Mabbitt (Former Blessthefall vocalist) the band released the album "This War Is Ours" in October 2008. In 2010, the band released the third album, "Escape The Fate", in November.

The lead vocalist Ronnie Radke left the band in 2008 due to legal issues. Radke left the jail in December 2010 and is currently a vocalist in the post-hardcore band Falling in Reverse. In 2012, founding member Max Green was kicked out due to drug abuse and missing shows and he was permanently replaced by Thomas "TJ" Bell, formerly of Motionless In White and Micheal Money, brother of Bryan "Monte" Money was introduced as official rythmn guitarist.









Post-hardcore

Post-hardcore is a musical genre that evolved from hardcore punk, itself a part of the broader punk rock movement. One of the main influences on this genre is the band Fugazi. 

Post-hardcore uses elements of hardcore, along with emo, metal, alternative rock or whatever, to create a more experimental sound. It can be more melodic than normal hardcore, but sometimes is heavier.


Tropical Storm Olga (2007)

Tropical Storm Olga was the fifteenth named storm of the 2007 Atlantic hurricane season. In the second week of December, after the end of the hurricane season, a low formed east of the northern Lesser Antilles. It slowly became subtropical, and late on December 10, the NHC declared it "Subtropical Storm Olga" while just north of Puerto Rico. It was the first post-season storm since Tropical Storm Zeta in the 2005 season, making this season one of the few with activity both before and after the hurricane season. The storm made landfall on December 11 on the eastern side of the Dominican Republic. Later that evening, Olga turned into a tropical storm, just after making landfall. Olga tracked over Hispaniola and emerged in the Caribbean Sea. Unfavorable conditions caused Olga to weaken into a remnant low early on December 13.

The storm impacted many areas affected by Tropical Storm Noel a month earlier. In Puerto Rico, moderate rainfall caused one death. 37 fatalities were confirmed in the Dominican Republic, including twenty deaths due to the release of floodgates at a dam in Santiago Province. Two deaths were also reported in Haiti.

In early December, a low moving to the west led to the formation of a broad surface trough to the east of the northern Lesser Antilles. With a strong ridge to its northeast, the trough tracked slowly westward, creating scattered convection and some turning. On December 8, convection began to continue with the trough and an upper-level low. Early on December 9, several tropical cyclone forecast models expected its development of tropical characteristics. The system, which included of a sharp trough with an area of gale force winds to its north, continued west through an area of warm sea surface temperatures. On December 10, a circulation developed within the system, though its convection had become unorganized and well-removed from the center. Wind shear from the south left the structure damaged, but convection increased closer to the center. With an low just south of the center, the National Hurricane Center classified it as Subtropical Storm Olga on December 11 while located about 55 miles (85 km) east of San Juan, Puerto Rico.

After being classified as a subtropical cyclone, Olga kept an organized outflow, and located to the southeast of a strong ridge over the western Atlantic Ocean, the cyclone moved west-southwestward. The storm strengthened a little bit while moving along the northern coast of Puerto Rico, and after an increase in convection near the center, Olga made landfall near Punta Cana, Dominican Republic at 1800 UTC on December 11. A Hurricane Hunters flight into the storm reported peak winds of 60 mph (95 km/h), and on December 12, the National Hurricane Center reclassified Olga as a tropical cyclone while it was still inland. Convection quickly weakened as the storm crossed central Hispaniola, and after reaching the Caribbean Sea the system lacked the convection required for the classification of a tropical cyclone; rainbands well to its northeast had stronger winds, though the center became very disorganized with dry air and strong wind shear. Late on December 12, convection increased a little bit over the center, though by that time the cyclone weakened to tropical depression status. As a certain amount of convection failed to exist, the National Hurricane Center discontinued advisories on Olga earlier on December 13 while located about 80 miles (130 km) northwest of Kingston, Jamaica. Its remnants continued west-northwestward with a clear low-level circulation, creating scattered thunderstorms over Cuba and the Cayman Islands with its moisture extending northward into southern Florida.

On December 10, the Tropical Prediction Center gave out a gale warning for waters north of the Lesser Antilles, Puerto Rico, and the Dominican Republic, in association with the disturbance that would later become Olga. Right after it being classified as a subtropical cyclone, the government of the Dominican Republic gave out a tropical storm warning from Cabo Engaño along the north coast to its border with Haiti; a tropical storm watch was also issued along the southern coastline to near Santo Domingo. Because winds were well to the north of its center, a tropical storm warning was not issued for Puerto Rico. Just before the storm moved ashore, the government of Haiti issued a tropical storm warning for its northern coastline, and later a tropical storm warning was issued for the Turks and Caicos Islands, as well as the southeastern Bahamas.

The San Juan National Weather Service office issued a flood watch for all of Puerto Rico, including the islands of Culebra and Vieques. Continued periods of heavy rainfall also resulted in flash flood warnings for areas across the island. Ferry service between Fajardo and the islands of Culebra and Vieques was temporarily stopped during the passage of the storm. In the Dominican Republic, officials opened shelters in 15 provinces, with citizens in low-lying areas recommended to stay elsewhere during the passage of the storm; citizens in 22 communities were evacuated.

The cyclone dropped light to moderate precipitation across Puerto Rico, with the maximum rainfall amount at 9.54 inches (242 mm) in Villalba. The rainfall increased levels along several rivers across the island, including the Arecibo Big River which was reported at several feet above flood stage. Its passage left about 79,000 people without power and 144,000 without water. In the northern portion of the island, the rainfall caused a mudslide that buried an automobile, which killed its driver.

Heavy rainfall fell across the Dominican Republic, with isolated totals of 10 inches (250 mm) expected. The rainfall caused flooding along the River Yaque del Norte, and at first there appeared to be a threat that the Tavera Dam along the river would fail, potentially killing thousands in Santiago Province. Officials instead chose to open all six floodgates at 0400 UTC on December 12, which released about 1.6 million gallons (6.1 million liters) of water into the river every second. It formed a 66 foot (20 m) wave of water is a result that caught many off guard due to the time of night and only about 15 minutes to prepare, according to eyewitnesses who criticized the decision; the flooding killed at least 20 people and left homes seven towns flooded. Two other deaths were reported elsewhere in the country, and more than 34,000 people fled their homes due to the storm; more than 7,500 houses were damaged. In neighboring Haiti, two deaths were reported in the northern portion of the country.

On December 11, a station in the Turks and Caicos Islands recorded sustained winds of 36 mph (58 km/h).



Santiago Province (Dominican Republic)

Santiago is a Dominican province in the north central part of the country. Its capital city is Santiago de los Caballeros, the second largest city in the country, and the province takes its name from that city.

The province is in the eastern part of the "Yaque del Norte Valley" and the River Yaque del Norte runs through the province. The Yaque del Norte Valley, also named "Línea Noroeste" ("Northwestern Line"), is the western section of the "Cibao Valley".

The province has been an important administrative territory since colonial times. Because it was an important centre, its capital city was occupied by French and Haitian armies that came from the northwest border.

It was one of the original five provinces created by the first Dominican Constitution in 1844; its territory was the northwest of the country and part of the north coast (Puerto Plata), from Monte Cristi and Dajabón to the west to Moca to the east. Moca was made part of the La Vega province in 1854.

Several provinces were created with part of its original territory: Puerto Plata in 1865, Monte Cristi in 1879, Dajabón in 1938, Santiago Rodríguez in 1950 and, last, Valverde in 1959.

San José de las Matas is a municipality of the province since 1844; later, other municipalities were created: Jánico in 1881, Tamboril in 1907, Bisonó in 1961, Licey al Medio in 1984, Villa González in 1991, Puñal in 2006 and Sabana Iglesia in 2007.

The municipal districts of the province were created in:

The Santiago province is bordered to the northwest by the province of Valverde, to the north by Puerto Plata, to the east by the Espaillat and La Vega provinces, to the south by San Juan and to the west by Santiago Rodríguez.

In (last national census), there were people living in the Santiago province, and 728,484 () living in towns and cities. The population density was persons/km².

Its population represents of the total population of the country and the province is ranked as the 3rd (out of 31 plus the National District) more populated province.

, the total estimated propulation of the province is 1,015,397 inhabitants.

The largest city of the province is Santiago de los Caballeros, its head municipality or capital, with an urban population (in ) of 550,753 inhabitants.

The population of Santiago is composed of blacks, mixed, and whites.

The Santiago province has a total area of . It has of the area of the Dominican Republic and it is ranked as the 3rd (out of 31 plus the National District) largest province.

The altitude of the provincial capital, Santiago de los Caballeros, is above sea level.

The province of Santiago is divided in three regions: the "Cordillera Septentrional" ("Northern mountain range") in the north, the "Yaque del Norte Valley" in the centre, and the "Cordillera Central" ("Central mountain range") in the south.

The Cordillera Septentrional mountain range runs across the north of the province; the highest mountain of this range, "Pico Diego de Ocampo", high, is in this province, on the border with the Puerto Plata province. The range is covered with rainforests because it rains a lot there; the trade winds (winds that come from the northeast, from the Atlantic Ocean) bring a lot of water that falls on the mountains.

South of the Cordillera Septentrional is the Yaque del Norte Valley; from the city of Santiago de los Caballeros to the west, this is a very dry valley because the trade winds cannot go over the Cordillera Septentrional and so it does not rain enough over the valley. But people here uses the water of the Yaque del Norte river for farming.

The Cordillera Central is in the southern half of the province. The highest mountains of the country, the island and the Caribbean are here, on the border with the San Juan province: "Pico Duarte", , and others above . This mountain range is covered with pine forests, except close to rivers where there are rainforests.

The most important river is Yaque del Norte which crosses the province from south to north, first, and then it turns to the northwest. All the other rivers in the province are tributaries of the Yaque del Norte except the Licey river that comes from the Cordillera Septentrional and flows to the east; Licey is a tributary of the Yuna river.

The climate of the province is a tropical climate, hot most of the year, but it is cooler in the mountains.

There are 9 municipalities and 16 municipal districts (M.D.) in the province.

The economy of the province is based on farming and industry; because there is not a coast, tourism is not so important as in other parts of the country.

It is the second economic centre of the country, after the Greater Santo Domingo (Distrito Nacional and the Santo Domingo Province). It has a significant commerce and many industries, especially textiles, food and cement. Most of these industries are in Santiago de los Caballeros and Tamboril; the tobacco industry is also important in Villa Bisonó.
Farming is very important in the province. Poultry and pigs are raised in Licey al Medio. Cattle are raised in the south central and western parts of the province.

Coffee is grown in the mountains, plantain and cassava in Licey al Medio and rice, fruits and vegetables in the western part of the province. Tobacco is grown in all the lowlands of the province but the best types are grown around the cities of Bisonó and Villa González.

Outflow (meteorology)

Outflow is a term for the air that flows away from a thunderstorm. Lots of outflow show that a storm is "healthy".

The "edge" of the outflow boundary can often be detected by weather radar. Convergence occurs along the leading edge of the downdraft. Convergence of dust, aerosols, and bugs at the leading edge will lead to a higher clear air signature. The signature of the leading edge is also influenced by the density change between the cold air from the downdraft and the warm environmental air. This density boundary will increase the number of echo returns from the leading edge. Clouds, hydrometeors and new thunderstorms can also develop along the outflow's leading edge. This makes it possible to locate the outflow boundary when using precipitation mode. The image to the right depicts a particularly strong ouflow boundary ahead of a line of storms. Often, the outflow boundary will bow in the direction it is moving the quickest.

Mellotron

The Mellotron is a musical instrument, which appeared in the 1960s. It was the world's second sampled keyboard after the Chamberlin. Mellotrons contained strips made from the sounds of other musical instruments. Instead of sounding exactly like the original instruments, the Mellotron had a unique sound.

Mellotrons did not travel well, and had to be carefully set up every time they were moved. They became popular in recording studios, and with musicians who could leave them in one location.

The Beatles liked the sound of the Mellotron, and used it in many of their songs, like "Strawberry Fields Forever". John Lennon, a member of the Beatles, owned a Mellotron that he kept in his home studio. Paul McCartney and George Harrison, also members of the band, owned Mellotrons and used them in their solo recordings. Harry Nilsson also used a Mellotron on some of his recordings.

Mellotrons are largely obsolete but are still being made in small quantities. Today, digital instruments have mostly taken their place. Digital keyboards are portable, and can be used to make similar sounds anywhere. While digital keyboards have been used since the 1980's to replicate the sounds of many other instruments, they cannot accurately replicate the nuances and idiosyncrasies of the Mellotron because of complex physics involved in the tape playback system. This acknowledged drawback has led to the production of new Mellotrons since 1999. 

Punta Cana

Punta Cana, named after a local cape, is a region in the easternmost tip of the Dominican Republic. Covering about 4,200,000 m (about 1,100 acres), the region is home to a coastline of sandy white beaches and to a town of the same name. A region once named "Punta de Borrachón" was merged with Punta Cana by the founding investors in 1969.

Bayernliga

The Bayernliga (English: 'Bavaria League') is a German football league. It is the one of the German 5th divisions, and is the 2nd division of football in Bavaria. It was founded in 1945, as the Landesliga Bayern, which was an amateur league in Bavaria. In 1963, it became the 3rd division of German football. It remained the 3rd division until 1994, when it became the 4th division, after being replaced by the Regionalliga Süd. It remained the 4th division until 2008, when it became the 5th division.

FC Augsburg is the most successful team. It has won the league seven times. Before 1969, it was called BC Augsburg. The next best teams are SpVgg Bayreuth with six titles and 1860 München with five titles, although two were won by the second team, TSV 1860 München Amateure.

Gavialidae

Gavialidae is a family of reptiles within the order Crocodilia. There are only two surviving species, the Gharial ("Gavialis gangeticus") and the False Gharial ("Tomistoma schlegelii"), which are each the sole living representatives of the two Gavialidae genera.


Gharial

The gharial ("Gavialis gangeticus"), sometimes called the Indian gharial, common gharial or gavial, is one of two surviving members of the family Gavialidae. They are a group of crocodile-like reptiles with long, narrow jaws. 

The gharial is the second-longest of all living crocodilians: a large male can be nearly six meters in length. Only saltwater crocodiles and the Nile crocodile can grow larger.

The fossil history of the Gavialoidea is quite well known. The earliest examples split from the other crocodilians in the late Cretaceous. The feature of the group that is easiest to recognise is the very long, narrow snout. This is an adaptation to a diet of small fish. Gharials have sacrificed the great mechanical strength of the robust skull and jaw that most crocodiles and alligators have. For this reason, and they cannot prey on large creatures. But they also have reduced weight and water resistance of their lighter skull and very narrow jaw. This gives gharials the ability to catch rapidly moving fish. They catch them with a side-to-side snapping motion.

The earliest Gavialoidea may or may not have been related to the modern types: some died out at the same time as the dinosaurs (at the end of the Cretaceous), others survived until the early Eocene (about 35 million years ago). The modern forms appeared at much the same time. They evolved in the estuaries and coastal waters of Africa. They crossed the Atlantic to reach South America as well. At their peak, the Gavialoidea were numerous and diverse, they occupied much of Asia and America up until the Pliocene. One species, "Rhamphosuchus crassidens" of India, is believed to have grown to an enormous 15 metres or more.

Northern Indian subcontinent: Bhutan (almost extinct), Bangladesh (close to extinction), India (present in small numbers and increasing), Myanmar (possibly extinct), Nepal, Pakistan (close to extinction). Usually found in the river systems of Indus (Pakistan) and the Brahmaputra (Bangladesh, Bhutan & North eastern India), the Ganges (Bangladesh, India & Nepal), and the Mahanadi River (in the rainforest biome) (India). Small numbers are in Kaladan and the Ayeyarwady in Myanmar. It is sympatric, in respective areas, with the mugger crocodile ("Crocodylus palustris") and the saltwater crocodile ("Crocodylus porosus").

Gharials live in rivers. They are best adapted to the calmer areas in deep fast moving rivers. Their physical attributes do not make the animals very suited to walk on land. In fact the only reasons the gharial leaves the water is to either bask in the sun or to nest on the sandbanks of the rivers.

The Gharial has a long, narrow snout. This is the feature that is most different from most other Crocodilia. The only other species who has such a snout is the False gharial ("Tomistoma schlegelii"), which is closely related. The shape of this snout changes when the animal grows older. The snout becomes progressively thinner the older the gharial gets. There is a bulbous growth on the tip of the male's snout. This is called a 'ghara' (after the Indian word meaning 'pot'). It is only present in mature animals. It is used for different activities, such as making a resonant hum during vocalization. It is also used for attracting females. The mating ritual includes a section where the male uses this ghara to make bubbles.

The long jaws are lined with many interlocking, razor-sharp teeth. This is an adaptation to the diet (predominantly fish in adults). This species is one of the largest of all crocodilian species, approaching the saltwater crocodile ("Crocodylus porosus") and the Nile crocodile in maximum size - males reach at least 5 metres in length, and often approach 6 metres. Reports of 7 metre animals exist, but are unconfirmed. The leg musculature of the gharial is not suited to enable the animal to raise the body off the ground (on land) in order to achieve the high-walk gait - being able only to push its body forward across the ground ('belly-sliding'), although it can do this with some speed when required. However, when in water, the gharial is the most nimble and quick of all the crocodiles in the world. The tail seems overdeveloped and is flattened on the side, more so than other crocodiles. This enables it to achieve the excellent swimming abilities.

The gharial has 27 to 29 upper and 25 or 26 lower teeth on each side. These teeth are not received into interdental pits; the first, second, and third mandibular teeth fit into notches in the upper jaw. The front teeth are the largest. The gharial's snout is narrow and long, with a dilation at the end and its nasal bones are comparatively short and are widely separated from the pre-maxillaries. The nasal opening of a gharial is smaller than the supra-temporal fossae. The gharial's lower anterior margin of orbit (jugal) is raised and its mandibular symphysis is extremely long, extending to the 23rd or 24th tooth. A dorsal shield is formed from four longitudinal series of juxtaposed, keeled and bony scutes.

The length of the snout is 3.5 (in adults) to 5.5 times (in young) the breadth of the snout's base. Nuchal and dorsal scutes form a single continuous shield composed of 21 or 22 transverse series. Gharials have an outer row of soft, smooth or feebly-keeled scutes in addition to the bony dorsal scutes. They also have two small post-occipital scutes.

The outer toes of a gharial are two-thirds webbed, while the middle toe is one-third webbed. Gharials have a strong crest on the outer edge of the forearm, leg and foot. Typically, adult gharials are of a dark olive hue while young ones are pale olive, with dark brown spots or cross-bands.

Young gharials eat insects, larvae, and small frogs. Adults feed almost only on fish, although some individuals have been known to eat dead animals. Their snout morphology is ideally suited for piscivory; their long, narrow snouts afford very little resistance to water in swiping motions to snap up fish in the water. Their numerous needle-like teeth are perfect for holding on to struggling, slippery fish. 

The Gharial is not a man-eater. Despite its immense size, its thin, fragile jaws make it physically incapable of devouring any large animal, including a human being. The myth that gharials eat humans may come partly from their similar appearance to crocodiles and because jewelry has been found in the digestive system. However, the gharial may have swallowed this jewelry while scavenging corpses or because used to aid digestion or buoyancy management.

The mating season is during November through December and well into January. The nesting and laying of eggs takes place in the dry season of March, April, and May. This is because during the dry season the rivers shrink a bit and the sandy river banks are available for nesting. Between 30 and 50 eggs are deposited into the hole that the female digs up before it is covered over carefully. After about 90 days, the juveniles emerge, although there is no record of the female assisting the juveniles into the water after they hatch (probably because their jaws are not suited for carrying the young due to the needle like teeth). However the mother does protect the young in the water for a few days till they learn to fend for themselves.

In the 1970s the gharial came to the brink of extinction and even now remains on the critically endangered list. The conservation efforts of the environmentalists in cooperation with several governments has led to some reduction in the threat of extinction. Some hope lies with the conservation and management programs in place as of 2004. Full protection was granted in the 1970s in the hope of reducing poaching losses, although these measures were slow to be implemented at first. Now there are 9 protected areas for this species in India which are linked to both captive breeding and 'ranching' operations where eggs collected from the wild are raised in captivity (to reduce mortality due to natural predators) and then released back into the wild (the first being released in 1981). More than 3000 animals have been released through these programs, and the wild population in India is estimated at around 1500 animals - with perhaps between one and two hundred animals in the remainder of its range.

Recently this species has moved from Endangered to Critically Endangered on the 2007 Red List of endangered species of animals and plants issued by the World Conservation Union, and qualifies for protection under the CITES (Convention on International Trade of Endangered Species) Appendix II.

The gharial and its extinct relatives are grouped together by taxonomists in several different ways:


Janke "et al." (2005), using molecular genetic evidence, found the gharial and the false gharial ("Tomistoma") to be close relatives, and placed them together in the same family.

Common names include: Indian gharial, Indian gavial, Fish-eating crocodile, Gavial del Ganges, Gavial du Gange, Long-nosed crocodile, Bahsoolia, Nakar, Chimpta, Lamthora, Mecho Kumhir, Naka, Nakar, Shormon, Thantia, Thondre, Garial.





Franck Ribéry

Franck Ribéry (born 7 April 1983) is a French football player. He plays for Fiorentina and France national team.


Source:

"France score listed first, score and result columns indicate score after each Ribéry goal."
Galatasaray

Marseille

Bayern Munich

France

Individual

False gharial

The false gharial or Malayan gharial ("Tomistoma schlegelii") is a fresh-water reptile. It looks like a crocodile with a very thin and long snout, like that of the gharial. That is where the name of the species is from.

It has long been classed in the family "Crocodylidae". However, recent immunological studies show it is more closely related to the gharial than was originally thought. So now classed in the family "Gavialidae", after all.

The animal is native to six river systems in Sumatra and Malaysia. It can also be found in Borneo, Java, Vietnam, Thailand (not seen since 1970), and possibly Sulawesi. Fossils finds in southern China indicate that, at some point in the past, the species occurred there.

The false gharial, like all other crocodilians, lays eggs. It is a mound nester. Females usually mature at 2–3 m. Mated females will lay a clutch of 30-60 eggs in a mound of dry leaves or peat. Once the eggs are laid, and construction of the mound is completed, she abandons her nest. Unlike most other crocodilian species, the young receive no parental care and are at risk of being eaten by predators like wild boar, mongooses, big cats such as tigers and leopards, civets, and wild dogs. The young hatch after 90 days and are left to look after themselves.
The false gharial is threatened with extinction throughout most of its range. The drainage of its freshwater swamplands and clearance of surrounding rainforests removes its habitat. The animal is hunted frequently for its skin and meat and the eggs are often taken for human consumption. However, positive steps have been taken by the Malaysian and Indonesian governments to prevent its extinction in the wild.



Prime lens

A prime lens is a lens which has a fixed "zoom" or focal length. It is easier to make fixed focal lenses than to include them in a variable focus lens. Therefore, fixed focal lenses usually have a larger opening, known as an aperture, than comparable variable focus lenses. They are usually also of a higher optical quality.

Aperture

In optics and photography, an aperture is a hole where light can pass through. 
The aperture of a photographic lens is a hole that can be adjusted to different sizes, using the aperture ring. This ring is behind the lens, but in front of the shutter. The aperture ring is a flat circle with a small hole in the centre. The small hole is called the "aperture". The size of the aperture can be changed. When the aperture is very small only a small amount of light can enter the camera. When the aperture is big, a lot of light can get in.

This lets the photographer control the amount of light reaching the film or image sensor. The aperture is changed along with the shutter speed to control the amount of light that enters the camera. This amount of light is called the exposure. Typically, a fast shutter speed will not let much light in (meaning the picture could come out too dark), so the photographer will use a larger aperture to correct for this. A slow shutter speed will need a smaller aperture to stop the picture coming out too bright.

The size of the aperture is described as an "f-stop." This is a number that describes the size of the hole in relation to the focal length of the lens. A low number (such as f1.4 or f2.8) means the aperture is wide open, and lets in a lot of light. A high number (such as f8 or f11) means that the aperture is small, and does not let in as much light.

Zoom lens

A variable focus lens (also called zoom lens) is a camera lens that can vary its focal length. 

In general, such lenses have a lower aperture than comparable fixfocus lenses. Depending on the manufacturer common zoom lenses (in the 30–100mm focal range, for film photography) usually have a varying aperture, from 4 to 5.6, perhaps 3.3 to 5.6. There are also some zoom lenses with a fixed maximal aperture (to take the example from before: of 2.6 or 2.8, maximum). In contrast, fix-focus lenses in that range have maximum apertures of 1.4 to 2. 

Digital cameras sometimes have a function called "digital zoom". This is a mathematical method which simply enlarges a part of the picture. The result is not as sharp as that of the optical zoom. When an optical zoom changes its focal length, this will also change the angle of view. Digital zooms simply make a small part of an image bigger, without changing the angle of view. 

Belinda (moon)

Belinda is a closer moon to Uranus, a planet in the solar system. Belinda was found from the images taken by "Voyager 2" on 1986, and it was given the designation S/1986 U 5. It is named after the heroine of Alexander Pope's "The Rape of the Lock". It is also designated Uranus XIV.

Belinda belongs to Portia Group of moons, which also includes Bianca, Cressida, Desdemona, Portia, Juliet, Cupid, Rosalind and Perdita. These moons have similar orbits and photometric properties. Other than its orbit, radius of 45 km and geometric albedo of 0.08 almost nothing is known about it.

At the Voyager 2 images Belinda appears as a stretched object, the major axis pointing towards Uranus. The moon is very stretched, with its short axis 0.5 ± 0.1 times the long axis. Its surface is grey in color.


Normal lens

In photography, the phrase normal lens is used for camera lenses that have a focal length which is roughly the diagonal of the image projected inside the camera. Camera lenses with a shorter focal length are called "wide-angle lenses", those with a longer one "telephoto lenses". 

This gives a "natural perspective".



Vyankatesh Madgulkar

Vyankatesh Madgulkar (1927-2001) was one of the most popular and well-known Marathi writers of his time. He became well-known mainly for his realistic writings about village life in a part of southern Maharashtra called Maandesh. These writings about Maandesh are set in a period of 15 to 20 years before and after India's Independence.

Vyankatesh Madgulkar was a man of many interests. He also read a lot of books on different subjects. He was lovingly called Tatya (“old man”, or “grand old man” in Marathi) by his admirers, friends and family members.

He was born in Madgul, a village in Sangli district of Maharashtra. The Madgulkar family had probably come from the neighbouring state of Karnataka a few centuries back. They were one of the eight Brahmin families in Madgul, which had a population of over a thousand. The family owned some land. Vyankatesh Madgulkar's grandfather and the earlier generations had lived off the land. However, in his father’s time, the land could not feed the family. The family was large. Apart from Vyankatesh there were seven children, one of whom died early. His father took a job in the government of the Aundh princely state, which ruled over Madgul and the region around it known as Maandesh The job took him to various villages and small towns of Maandesh. For some time, the family moved with him. In this way, Vyankatesh got to see life in many parts of Maandesh.

Although his mother was an old-fashioned woman who believed Brahmins should not mix with people of 'lower' castes, he freely mixed with children of other castes and communities. From them he learnt how to climb trees, how to identify birds, how to trap fish, how to hunt.

Madgul had no electricity, bus service or shop. But it had a primary school. He studied there and later in a secondary school in a small town nearby. But he was not a good student. Some of his teachers told him he had no future. When he was a teenager, he left home and joined a group of people fighting for India’s freedom. For two years he was considered a criminal by the British government.

After India got Independence he returned home. His elder brother (“Anna”), Gajanan, had already left home and become a writer for Marathi films.`GaDiMa’ (Gajanan Digambar Madgulkar), as he was called, went on to become a famous poet, song and screenplay writer, and a well-known name in Maharashtra. GaDiMa’s success might have helped him to also think of becoming an artist. However, he had his own personality, different from that of his brother.

As he said often, he had always had the feeling he was “different”. He first wanted to be a poet. He also loved sketching and painting. And though he did not complete school education, he developed an enormous love for reading. He learnt and read English books the hard way, with the help of a dictionary. He read books by the American novelist John Steinbeck, the famous British writer George Orwell and the Irish writer Liam O’ Flaherty, and several other Western writers.

He first tried to become a painter. He went to the city of Kolhapur in western Maharashtra to learn painting. However, he lost interest in becoming a painter and turned to writing. He wrote his first short story when he was 19 years old. It won a literary prize. This encouraged him to become a writer. In 1948, when he was 21, he took up a job as a journalist. Two years later he moved to the capital of Maharashtra, Mumbai, to write scripts for Marathi films.

In 1955 he took up a job in Pune, in the rural programming department of the government's All India Radio station . He worked here till he retired in 1985. All this time, he continued to write. He visited Australia and the island of Tasmania while he was in the service of All India Radio and wrote stories based upon his experiences there.

Vyankatesh Madgulkar died in August 2001 at the age of 73. He died of complications from diabetes.

Vyankatesh Madgulkar wrote in many different ways. He wrote nearly 40 screenplays for films. He wrote several folk plays. He attempted a Marathi version of "Fiddler on the Roof". He translated books, especially wild life books, from English to Marathi. He wrote essays on his travels, nature and interesting people he had read about, like Richard Burton, the British traveler. He is most fondly remembered for his short stories and novellas (long stories). He wrote 8 novellas and over 200 short stories.

His first book, "Maandeshi Manse" (People of Maandesh), was published when he was only 22 years old. "Maandeshi Manse" is about different kinds of people he had met during his childhood in Maandesh. The descriptions of these people are realistic. He explained later that the descriptions were are not fully true. The people in "Maandeshi Manse" are creations of the author, based on real people he knew. He mixed the real world with his own imagination in the same way in all his Maandeshi stories. He also did not change his style of writing. That style is generally of a person telling a story to people sitting in front of him. Many of the stories told in this way are about poor people. Some stories are about things that had happened during his childhood. Some stories are about family members. Only a few stories have a plot. Most stories have one central character. But a few stories are about happenings rather than on people. We see all this in his book 'Karunashtak' which mainly revolves around his mother.

The most famous of Vyankatesh Madgulkar's writing is his novella called "Bangarwadi" (1954). It is about the experiences of a young schoolteacher in a village of shepherds in Maandesh. The story begins with the schoolteacher walking alone towards the village called Bangarwadi, in the night, across a landscape with few trees. When the teacher reaches Bangarwadi, he finds that the school is not working. Over the next months, the schoolteacher successfully runs the school. However, at the end of the story, lack of rainfall forces all the people of Bangarwadi to leave the village. The school again has no students. Within this story, Vyankatesh Madgulkar gives us an unforgettable and detailed picture of a way of living. One reviewer, Taya Zinkin reviewing the English translation of the book in "The Economic Weekly" in 1958 said, “(it) is perhaps the most important book written by an Indian about India to appear in English since Nehru’s "Discovery of India".”

"Bangarwardi" was translated in several languages. The great German scholar on India Gunther Sontheimer translated it in German. Bookstores in Pune and other Maharashtra cities still sell the original book in Marathi. It has been reprinted over 15 times.

"Bangarwardi" was also make into a film by Amol Palekar.

He wrote stories about Maandesh for around 20 years, from the mid-1940s to the mid-1960s. Later, he wrote about his family and then about nature. His last novella, "Sattantar" (1981), about a community of monkeys, won him the central government’s Sahitya Parishad award for best Marathi book published in that year.

Vyankatesh Madgulkar has been translated in several languages. Brief details of translation in English with year of publication are as below:

The following are brief details of translation of his work in languages other than English with year of publication:



The Ren &amp; Stimpy Show

The Ren and Stimpy Show is an American surrealist black comedy situation comedy cartoon created by John Kricfalusi, which aired from 1991 to 1999. The main characters are Ren Höek (John Kricfalusi, and (later) Billy West), a chihuahua, and Stimpson J. Cat (Billy West) (Stimpy for short).

The show premiered on Nickelodeon on Sunday, August 11, 1991, and aired new episodes on the channel from 1991 to 1996.

The series ended on October 20, 1996, with the episodes "Sammy and Me" and "Last Temptation".

It was also shown on MTV, and was shown in other countries such as Canada, Australia, New Zealand, and most of Europe.

People who make cartoons think that "Ren and Stimpy" is famous because of its classic cartoonish style and gross humor that is different from other animated shows at the time, and then became a cult following. John Kricfalusi got fired after only one year of working on his show. He did not send his work on time and often fought with his friends at Nickelodeon, so they fired him. He made other shows but none were as popular as "Ren and Stimpy".

Reruns of "Ren and Stimpy" currently air on the Nicktoons Network.




Perdita (moon)

Perdita is a closer moon to Uranus. Perdita's discovery was not simple. The first pictures of Perdita were taken by the "Voyager 2" spacecraft in 1986, but it was not seen on the photographs for more than ten years. In 1999, the moon was noticed and reported.

Because no further pictures could be taken to confirm its existence, in 2001 it was thought to be non-existent. However, in 2003, pictures taken by the Hubble Space Telescope managed to pick up an object where Perdita was supposed to be. This proved its existence at last.

After its discovery in 1999, Perdita was labelled S/1986 U 10. she was the daughter of Leontes and Hermione in William Shakespeare's play "The Winter's Tale". The moon is also called Uranus XXV.

Perdita belongs to Portia Group of moons, which also includes Bianca, Cressida, Desdemona, Portia, Juliet, Cupid, Rosalind and Belinda. These moons have similar orbits and photometric properties. Unfortunately, other than its orbit, radius of 15 km, and geometric albedo of 0.08, almost nothing is known about it.


135 film

135 film is the official name of the photographic film that is most used today. It is specified by ISO Standard 1007. It was introduced by Kodak in 1934 It was made for making still pictures, rather than movies. It is 35mm wide; that is why it is often also called 35mm film. 

It quickly grew in popularity. It became more popular than 120 film by the late 1960s. Since then, it has been the most popular photographic film format. Despite competition from formats such as 828, 126, 110 and APS, it remains so today.

Individual rolls of 135 film are enclosed in single-spool, light-tight, metal cassettes. This allows cameras to be loaded in daylight. The film is clipped or taped to a spool and exits via a velvet-covered slot. The end of the film is cut on one side to form a leader, which is to be inserted into a corresponding slot in the camera take-up spool. It has the same dimensions and perforation pitch as 35 mm movie print film. The perforations of 35mm movie camera film are a different shape, but close enough that it will work in most still picture cameras.

European Charter for Regional or Minority Languages

The European Charter for Regional or Minority Languages (ECRML) is a European treaty that was adopted in 1992.

It was designed by the Council of Europe to protect and promote historical regional and minority languages in Europe. It applies only to languages traditionally used by the nationals of the State Parties that are very different from the majority or official language. The treaty does not protect languages that are used by recent immigrants from other countries. Also, the treaty does not protect local dialects of the official or majority language.

To be protected, a language must be spoken either by the people living in a region or area of the country or by a minority in the country as a whole (languages such as Yiddish and Romani are covered by the treaty even if there is no "Romani region").

National official languages are not covered by the treaty, but some regional official languages are. For example, Catalan is official only in a region of Spain and so can benefit from the treaty. However, Irish cannot because it is an official language in Ireland even if it is a minority language. However, Irish is protected in Northern Ireland because it is not an official or national language of the United Kingdom.

France has signed the treaty, but the French constitution does not allow the government to support a language other than French.

There are two levels of protection. Every country that signed the treaty must give all qualifying languages the lower level of protection. Countries may decide to give some languages the higher level of protection. Countries then must do 35 things.

Here are the countries that have ratified the Charter and the languages for which the ratification was made:



Finger Eleven

Finger Eleven is a Canadian rock band. it was formed in 1989. They are from Burlington, Ontario. There they had achieved minor success as a cover band, then as a full fledged band.



Nefertiti

Nefertiti (pronounced at the time something like *nafratiːta) (c. 1370 BC c. 1330 BC) was the Great Royal Wife of the Egyptian Pharaoh Akhenaten. She was the mother-in-law and may have been stepmother of the Pharaoh Tutankhamun. After her husband died, Nefertiti may have also ruled as pharaoh under the name Neferneferuaten. However, some archaeologists do not think Nefertiti was Neferneferuaten.

Her name in English means "the beautiful (or perfect) woman has come". Nefertiti was one of the most powerful queens in Ancient Egypt.

Nefertiti was the first and most loved wife of Akhenaten. she might have reigned under the name of Ankhkheperure Neferneferuatan. She had six daughters with Akhenaten.

There are many tales about Nefertiti being born as a royal and her father being pharaoh Ay, but they are not confirmed. So it would be unlikely that she did become a pharaoh without royal blood. Her daughter Meritaten was born a royal, so she had more of a chance of becoming a pharaoh. Her parenthood is still a mystery. The only detail known is that they were nobles.

Two of her daughters became queens of Egypt. In the 12th year of Akheneaton rule many of the princesses died, but what was more confusing was that Nefertiti vanished. So everyone assumed that she died like the other princesses. There was no record of Nefertiti’s death and no evidence that she was ever buried.

She is best known for her bust, which is in the Altes Museum in Berlin, Germany. This bust is considered to be a beautiful example of Egyptian art.

A man called Ludwig Borchardt with a team of people discovered a portrait bust of Queen Nefertiti. This bust captured all her beauty even though one of the eyes was damaged. The famous bust of Nefertiti was displayed at the museum of Berlin in the 1920’s. The queen's bust became known around the world.


Wide-angle lens

A wide-angle lens is a lens that has a focal length that is shorter than that of the normal lens. Normal lenses have an angle of view of between 40° and 50°. Wide-angle lenses have an angle of view that is bigger. 

For the 135 film format (the most popular photographic film type), normal lenses are 50mm focal length. 35mm (with an angle of view of 63 degrees) and 28mm (75°) are slight wide-angle lenses. 

24mm (84°), 20mm (94°), 17mm (104°) and 14mm (114°) offer more extreme views (for 35mm film). 

This is different for digital photography. Many digital cameras use smaller sensors. This means that the focal lengths have an angle of view that is smaller. That way, an 18mm lens mounted on a digital camera of this type gives an angle of view of the 28mm wide-angle lens, namely 75 degrees, for a multiplier of 1.5.

One kind of wide-angle lens is a fish eye lens.

Telephoto lens is the opposite. It has a long focal length, and a narrow angle of view.

Grand Duchy of Hesse

The Grand Duchy of Hesse () was a former state that existed in modern-day Germany. It was formed in 1806 after the dissolution of the Holy Roman Empire as a result of the actions of Napoleon, who then elevated the former Landgraviate of Hesse-Darmstadt to the level of grand duchy. For this reason, this state was occasionally known simply as Hesse-Darmstadt.

Because Hesse-Darmstadt was a member of Napoleon's Confederation of the Rhine, it was forced to give up a considerable amount of territory at the 1815 Congress of Vienna. The territory of the Duchy of Westphalia, which Hesse-Darmstadt received from the 1803 "Reichsdeputationshauptschluss", was given to the Kingdom of Prussia. However, it received some territory on the western bank of the Rhine, including the important federal fortress at Mainz. 

The Grand Duchy changed its name to the Grand Duchy of Hesse and by Rhine () in 1816. 

The Grand Duchy of Hesse was divided into three provinces:


Puck (moon)

Puck is a closer moon to Uranus. Puck was found from the images taken by "Voyager 2" on December 30, 1985, and was given the designation S/1985 U 1.

In Celtic mythology and English folklore, "Puck" is a mischievous sprite, imagined as an evil demon by Christians; the moon is named after the Puck who appears in Shakespeare's "A Midsummer Night's Dream", in which he travels around the globe at night with the fairies. It is also designated Uranus XV.

Puck is the biggest of the small closer moons to Uranus. It is in the middle in size between Portia and Miranda, the smallest of the five bigger moons. Puck's orbit is also located between these two moons. Little is known about it aside from its orbit, its radius about 81 km, and its geometric albedo approximately 0.11.

Of the moons found by the "Voyager 2" imaging team, only Puck was found early enough that the probe could be programmed to take pictures of it in some detail. Images showed that Puck has a shape of a slightly prolate spheroid (ratio between axises is 0.97 ± 0.04). Its surface is heavily cratered and is grey in color. There are three named craters on the surface of Puck. Observations with Hubble Space Telescope and large terrestrial telescopes found water ice absorption features in the spectrum of Puck.


Schinus

Schinus is a large genus of Anacardiaceae. They are commonly known as pepper trees. They prefer tropic subhumid zones.
Californian pepper tree "S.areira" native from Mexico to South America. Various species grown as ornamental, e.g. "S.areira", and Brazilian pepper "S.terebinthifolius".


Mab (moon)

Mab is a closer moon to the planet Uranus. It was found by Mark R. Showalter and Jack J. Lissauer in 2003 using the Hubble Space Telescope. It was named after Queen Mab, a fairy queen from English folklore who is noted in William Shakespeare's play "Romeo and Juliet".

Because the moon is small and dark, it was not seen in the images taken by "Voyager 2" during its Uranus flyby in 1986. However, it is brighter than another moon, Perdita, which was discovered from "Voyager's" photos in 1997. This led scientists to look at the old photos again, and the moon was finally found in the images.

If it is as dark as Puck, then it is about 24 km in diameter. On the other hand, if it is brightly coloured like the neighbouring moon Miranda, then it would be even smaller than Cupid and comparable to the smallest farther moons.

Mab is heavily perturbed, meaning its movement is not only caused by the gravity of another large thing. The actual source for perturbation is still unclear, but is probably one or more of the nearby orbiting moons.

Following its discovery, Mab was given the code name S/2003 U 1. The moon is also known as Uranus XXVI.


Telephoto lens

In photography, a telephoto lens is a lens. There are two different uses of the word. The less specific use is to mean a lens that has a longer focal length than a normal lens. Their angle of view is smaller than that of a normal lens. With telephoto lenses things look closer than they really are.

The other meaning of telephoto lens applies to lenses that are constructed in a special way so they can be shorter than their focal length.

For 35 mm film, 50 mm is a normal focal length. Typical telephoto lenses are 85 mm (28°50') and 100 mm (24°). They are used for portraits mostly. Other telephoto lenses that are used often are 135 mm (18°), 180 mm and 200 mm. Many are zoom lenses.

Longer focal lengths (300 to 1200 mm) are used in sports and nature photography.

Effect of different focal lengths on photographs taken from the same place:

The above photos were taken using a 35 mm camera, using lenses of the given focal lengths.

Umbriel (moon)

Umbriel is a moon of Uranus found on October 24, 1851 by William Lassell. It was found at the same time as Ariel.

The name "Umbriel" and the names of all four moons of Uranus then known were suggested by John Herschel in 1852 at the request of Lassell. Lassell had earlier supported Herschel's 1847 naming scheme for the seven then-known moons of Saturn and had named his newly-found eighth moon Hyperion in accordance with Herschel's naming scheme in 1848. Umbriel is the 'dusky melancholy sprite' in Alexander Pope's "The Rape of the Lock", and the name suggests the Latin "umbra", shadow. The adjectival form of the name is "Umbrielian".

It is also designated Uranus II.

So far the only close-up images of Umbriel are from the "Voyager 2" probe, which made observations of the moon during its Uranus flyby in January, 1986. During the flyby the southern hemisphere of the moon was pointed towards the Sun so only it was studied.

Umbriel's surface is the darkest of the Uranian moons, and reflects only about half as much light as Ariel, Uranus' brightest moon. It has far more and bigger craters than do Ariel and Titania and is also the least geologically active. It is mostly made of water ice, with the balance made up of silicate rock, and other ices such as methane. Methane can break down and form reddish-black organic compounds such as tholins when bombarded by high-energy particles. Near-IR spectra of Ariel and Umbriel clearly show that water ice dominates the spectra of these objects.

Craters on Umbriel are named after many different demons from various mythologies.

Titania (moon)

Titania is the largest moon of Uranus and the eighth largest moon in the Solar System.

Titania was found on 11 January 1787 by William Herschel. He reported it and Oberon the same year. He later reported four more moons, which turned out to be spurious.

The names of Titania and the other four moons of Uranus then known were suggested by Herschel's son John Herschel in 1852 at the request of William Lassell. Lassell had found Ariel and Umbriel the year before. He had supported Herschel's 1847 naming scheme for the seven then-known moons of Saturn and had named his newly-found eighth moon Hyperion in 1848, in accordance with Herschel's naming scheme.

All of the moons of Uranus are named for characters from Shakespeare or Alexander Pope. Titania was named after Titania, the Queen of the Faeries in "A Midsummer Night's Dream". It is also designated Uranus III.

So far the only close-up images of Titania are from the "Voyager 2" probe, which photographed the moon during its Uranus flyby in January, 1986. At the time of the flyby the southern hemisphere of the moon was pointed towards the Sun so only it was studied.

Although what its interior is made up of is uncertain, one model suggests that Titania is made of about 50% water ice, 30% silicate rock, and 20% methane-related organic compounds.

Surface features on Titania are named for characters from plays by William Shakespeare. Chasms on Titania are called chasmata. Escarpments here are called rupes. They are named after the places where plays by Shakespeare happen. craters on Titania are named after female characters in the plays.

A major surface feature is a huge canyon that dwarfs the scale of the Grand Canyon on Earth and is in the same class as the Valles Marineris on Mars or Ithaca Chasma on Saturn's moon Tethys.

On September 8, 2001, Titania occulted a faint star; this was a chance to both refine its diameter and ephemeris, and to detect any extant atmosphere. The data revealed no atmosphere to a surface pressure of 0.03 microbars; if it exists, it would have to be far thinner than that of Triton or Pluto.



The 20 Hunchakian gallows

The 20 Hunchakian gallows (or "Ksan Gakhaghan", also "The 20 Martyrs", "The 20s") is the common name for the group of Hunchakian activists who were hanged in the Sultan Bayazid square of Constantinople in June 15, 1915.

The 7th General Convention of the Social Democrat Hunchakian Party which was held in Constanţa, Romania, in 1913, had a unique and great importance not only for the Hunchaks, but in the history of the Armenian people as a whole. During the Convention, members stressed their concern of the Ittihad (Young Turk) government's blatant disregard of the Armenian lives who resided in Historic Armenia. The Hunchaks feared that this disregard would only escalate as time past. The Hunchaks also stressed the importance of a United Independent Armenia which would be impossible under the racist and dictatorial Young Turk government's rule of the Ottoman Empire.

Thus the convention adjourned with two main objectives:

I - As stated in its original program, the party was to move from licit to illicit activities, thus becoming once again a covert organization.

II - To plan and assassinate the leaders of the Ittihad (Young Turk) party, the same leaders that carried out the Adana massacres of 1909, and thus the same leaders who at that moment were planning the annihilation of the Armenian people. 
Unfortunately, these secret objectives were passed on to the Turks by an Armenian agent for the government; consequently as soon as the delegates arrived in Constantinople, they were arrested. By the end of the year a total of one hundred and forty Hunchak leaders were arrested.

After spending two years in terrible conditions in Turkish prisons, and undergoing lengthy mock trials, twenty prominent figures - Paramaz, Dr. Benne, Aram Ach'ekbashian, Vanig and others were sentenced to death by hanging. A few weeks after the beginning of the Armenian Genocide on June 15, 1915, all twenty men were hanged in the central square of Constantinople, known as Sultan Bayazid Square. Paramaz's last words before his hanging were, "You can only hang our bodies, but not our ideology. ...You will see tomorrow on the Eastern horizon a Socialist Armenia." 

Since their execution, the Twenty Martyrs have been a source of inspiration for thousands of young Armenians throughout the world.

In 2001 the monument of Paramaz and his 19 Hunchakian comrades was opened in Meghri town, Armenia.


Two other prominent Hunchakian activists, Stepan Sabah-Goulian and Varaztahd, were condemned to death "in absentia".


Allowance

An allowance is usually an amount of money that a parent gives to his/her child.

Possible reasons why allowance is given:

Social Democrat Hunchakian Party

The Social Democrat Hunchakian Party (SDHP) (), also known as Hentchak is one of the oldest political parties in Armenia and the first Socialist party in the Ottoman Empire and in Persia in the 1880s. It was founded in 1887 by Avetis Nazarbekian, Mariam Vardanian, Ruben Khan-Azat and others, who studied in Geneva, Switzerland, with the goal to gain Armenia's independence from the Ottoman Empire, which is part of Armenian national liberation movement. Its name, taken from its newspaper "Hunchak," means "Bell" in English, and is taken by party members to represent "awakening, enlightenment, and freedom."

All of the 7 founders of Hunchakian party were Russian-Armenian Marxist students who had left Russia to continue their higher education in universities of Western Europe. They were young persons, in their twenties, and were from well‑to‑do bourgeois families who were financially supporting them. For the purpose of furthering revolutionary activity in Turkish Armenia, they formed the Hunchakian Revolutionary Party in August, 1887.

Hunchak party fought many battles against the Ottoman Empire, to free the Armenian people from Turkish rule. One of Armenia's famous national heroes Andranik Ozanian, at first, joined the Hunchak party, but disagreement with party policies led Andranik to leave the Hunchak ranks and join the Dashnak party.

The party also played role in establishment of Democratic Republic of Armenia, as party members took part in the Battle of Sardarapat, during the World War I at Caucasus Campaign, which defended the Armenian capital of Yerevan from Army of Islam of Ottoman Empire.

In the 1950s, it clashed, sometimes violently, with the Dashnak Party, due to tensions that escalated when the ARF elected Bishop Zareh as Catholicos of Cilicia, a move that was rejected by the Hunchaks. In the midst of increasing sectarian strife in the late 1960s and early 1970s, however, Lebanon's Armenian community began to close ranks, and in 1972, the Hunchakian Party ran a joint ticket with the Dashnaks. In 2000, the Hunchakian Party joined forces with Rafik Hariri's Dignity party, which swept the city of Beirut.

In the early 1990s, the party took part in the Nagorno Karabakh conflict. The party today forms part of the opposition "Justice" bloc.

This party is also active in Lebanon, where it competes for the six National Assembly seats reserved for ethnic Armenians. The party subscribes to a socialist ideology and advocates a planned economy for Lebanon.

The Hunchakian party has established affiliate organizations such as the AEBU which is an organization that helps with educational, health and social care, the Armenian Dkhrouhi Youth Association and HMM (Homenmen) which is a sporting organization (not to be confused with Homenetmen).




Inverter

An inverter is an electric apparatus that changes direct current (DC) to alternating current (AC). It is not the same thing as an alternator, which converts mechanical energy (e.g. movement) into alternating current.

Direct current is created by devices such as batteries and solar panels. When connected, an inverter allows these devices to provide electric power for small household devices. The inverter does this through a complex process of electrical adjustment. From this process, AC electric power is produced. This form of electricity can be used to power an electric light, a microwave oven, or some other electric machine.

An inverter usually also increases the voltage. In order to increase the voltage, the current must be decreased. So, an inverter will use a lot of current on the DC side when only a small amount is being used on the AC side.

Inverters are made in many different sizes. They can be as small as 150 watts, or as large as 1 megawatt (1 million watts). Smaller inverters often plug into a car's cigarette lighter socket and provide 120 or 240 volt AC power from the car's 12 volt supply.

The earliest inverters consisted of a Motor–generator, a DC motor connected mechanically to an AC generator. A later design often used with vacuum tube car radios used a rapidly switching relay. Modern inverters are based on MOSFET or IGBT transistors.


1998 FIFA World Cup

The 1998 FIFA World Cup was a football sporting event that was held in France from 10 June to 12 July 1998. 32 teams took part from many countries. France won the trophy after beating Brazil in the final 3-0.






A win would earn the team 3 points, a draw would earn them 1 point, and a loss earns them no points.

<br>








|

1994 FIFA World Cup

The 1994 FIFA World Cup was a football sporting event that was held in USA from June 17 to July 17, 1994. 24 teams took part from many countries. Brazil won the trophy after Roberto Baggio from Italy famously missed the last penalty in a penalty shootout.






 won the championship.

|

1990 FIFA World Cup

The 1990 FIFA World Cup was a football (soccer) sporting event that was held in Italy from 8 June to 8 July 1990. 24 teams took part from many countries. Germany won the trophy after beating Argentina in the final.

The 1990 FIFA World Cup had the lowest amount of goals, and had 16 red cards handed out. However, the 1990 FIFA World Cup was one of the most watched sporting events of all time. This was also the last World Cup that had 2 points for a win in the Group Stage.

24 teams qualified for the 1990 FIFA World Cup. Costa Rica, Republic of Ireland and the United Arab Emirates qualified for the first time.






Hosts Italy won Group A with a 100 percent record. They beat Austria 1–0 thanks to substitute Salvatore 'Totò' Schillaci, who had played only one international before but would become a star during the tournament. A second 1–0 victory followed against a United States team already thumped 5–1 by Czechoslovakia. The Czechoslovaks ended runners-up in the group, while the USA's first appearance in a World Cup Finals since 1950 ended with three consecutive defeats.

Cameroon defeated reigning champions Argentina. Despite ending the match with only nine men, the African team held on for a shock 1–0 win, with contrasting fortunes for the brothers Biyik: François Omam scoring the winning goal, shortly after seeing Andre Kana sent off for a serious foul. In their second game the introduction of Roger Milla was the catalyst for a 2–1 win over Romania, Milla scoring twice from the bench (making him the oldest goalscorer in the tournament). With progression assured, Cameroon slumped to a 4–0 defeat in their final group game to a Soviet Union (in what would be their last World Cup due to the dissolution of the Soviet Union) side striving to stay in the tournament on goal difference after successive 2–0 defeats. A 1–1 draw between Romania and Argentina sent both through, the latter as one of the best third-placed teams.

Costa Rica beat Scotland 1–0 in their first match, lost 1–0 to Brazil in their second, then saw off Sweden 2–1 to claim a place in the second round. Brazil took maximum points from the group. They began with a 2–1 win over Sweden, then beat both Costa Rica and Scotland 1–0. Scotland's 2–1 win over Sweden was not enough to save them from an early return home as one of the two lowest-ranked third-placed teams.

Group D featured the most goals of all the groups, due in part to the defensive inadequacies of a United Arab Emirates team that lost 2–0 to Colombia, 5–1 to West Germany and 4–1 to Yugoslavia. West Germany was at the top of the group after a 4–1 opening victory over group runners-up Yugoslavia.

The winners of Group E were Spain, for whom Michel hit a hat-trick as they beat South Korea 3–1 in an unbeaten group campaign. Belgium won their first two games against South Korea and Uruguay to ensure their progress; Uruguay's advance to the second round came with an injury time winner against South Korea to edge them through as the weakest of the third-placed sides to remain in the tournament.

Group F, featured the Netherlands, England, the Republic of Ireland and Egypt. In the six group games, no team managed to score more than once in a match. England beat Egypt 1–0, thanks to a 64th-minute goal from Mark Wright – and that was enough to win the group.

The Republic of Ireland and the Netherlands finished with identical records. With both teams assured of progressing, they were split by the drawing of lots to determine second and third place.

The knockout stage involved the 16 teams that qualified from the group stage of the tournament. There were four rounds of matches, with each round eliminating half of the teams entering that round. The successive rounds were: round of 16, quarter-finals, semi-finals, final. There was also a play-off to decide third/fourth place. For each game in the knockout stage, any draw at 90 minutes was followed by 30 minutes of extra time; if scores were still level there would be a penalty shoot-out (at least five penalties each, and more if necessary) to determine who progressed to the next round. Scores after extra time are indicated by (aet), and penalty shoot outs are indicated by (p).
Two of the ties – Argentina vs Brazil and Italy vs Uruguay – pitted former champion countries against each other, and West Germany met the Netherlands in a rematch of the 1974 World Cup Final.

The all-South American game was won for Argentina by a goal from Claudio Caniggia with 10 minutes remaining after a run through the Brazilian defence by Diego Maradona and an outstanding performance from their goalkeeper Sergio Goycochea. It would later come to light that Branco had been offered water spiked with tranquilisers by Maradona and Ricardo Giusti during half time, to slow him down in the second half. Initially discredited by the press, Branco would be publicly proven right years later, when Maradona confessed the episode in a TV show in Argentina. As for Italy, a strong second half showing saw the hosts beat Uruguay 2–0, thanks to another goal from Schillaci and one from Aldo Serena.

The match between West Germany and the Netherlands was held in Milan, and both sides featured several notable players from the two Milanese clubs (Germans Andreas Brehme, Lothar Matthäus and Jürgen Klinsmann for Internazionale, and Dutchmen Marco van Basten, Ruud Gullit and Frank Rijkaard for Milan). After 22 minutes Rudi Völler and Rijkaard were both dismissed after a number of incidents (including Rijkaard spitting on Völler) between the two players left the Argentine referee with no option but to send them both off. As the players walked off the pitch together, Rijkaard spat on Völler a second time. Early in the second half, Jürgen Klinsmann put the West Germans ahead and Andreas Brehme added a second with eight minutes left. A Ronald Koeman penalty for the Netherlands in the 89th minute narrowed the score to 2–1 but the Germans saw the game out to gain some revenge for their exit to the Dutch in the previous European Championship.

Meanwhile, the heroics of Cameroon and Roger Milla continued in their game with Colombia. Milla was introduced as a second-half substitute with the game goalless, eventually breaking the deadlock midway in extra time. Three minutes later he netted a second after Colombian goalkeeper, René Higuita was dispossessed by Milla while well out of his goal, leaving the striker free to slot the ball into the empty net. Though the deficit was soon reduced to 2–1, Cameroon held on to become the first African team ever to reach the World Cup quarter-finals. Costa Rica were comfortably beaten 4–1 by Czechoslovakia, for whom Tomáš Skuhravý scored the tournament's second and final hat-trick.

The Republic of Ireland's match with Romania remained goalless after extra time, and the Irish side won 5–4 on penalties. David O'Leary converted the penalty that clinched Ireland's place in the quarter-finals. Ireland thus became the first team since Sweden in 1938 to reach the last eight in a World Cup finals tournament without winning a match outright. Yugoslavia beat Spain 2–1 after extra time, with Dragan Stojković scoring both the Yugoslavs' goals. England were the final qualifier against Belgium, as midfielder David Platt's swivelling volley broke the stalemate with the game moments away from a penalty shoot-out.

The first game of the last 8 saw Argentina and a Yugoslav side, reduced to 10 men after only half an hour, play out a goalless stalemate. The holders reached the semi-finals after winning the penalty shoot-out 3–2, despite Maradona having his penalty saved. A second Argentine miss (by Pedro Troglio) looked to have eliminated them until goalkeeper Sergio Goycochea – playing because first choice Nery Pumpido broke his leg during the group stage – rescued his side by stopping the Yugoslavs' final two spotkicks.

The Republic of Ireland's World Cup run was brought to an end by a single goal from Schillaci in the first half of their quarter-final with hosts Italy. West Germany beat Czechoslovakia with a 25th minute Lothar Matthäus penalty.

The most intriguing match of the quarter-finals was between England and Cameroon. Apart from anything else, it was the only quarter-final to produce more than one goal. Despite Cameroon's heroics earlier in the tournament, David Platt put England ahead in the 25th minute. At half-time, Milla was brought on. In the second half, the game was turned on its head during a five-minute stretch: first Cameroon were awarded a penalty from which Emmanuel Kunde scored the equaliser; then in the 65th minute Eugene Ekeke put Cameroon ahead. Cameroon came within eight minutes of reaching the semi-finals before then they conceded a penalty, which Gary Lineker converted. Midway through extra time, England were awarded another penalty, and Lineker again scored from the spot. England were through to the semi-finals for the first time in 24 years.

The first semi-final featured the host nation, Italy, and the world champion, Argentina in Naples. 'Toto' Schillaci scored yet again to put Italy ahead in the 17th minute, but Claudio Cannigia equalised midway through the second half, breaking Walter Zenga's clean sheet streak throughout the tournament. There were no more goals in the 90 minutes or in extra time despite Maradona (who played for Naples in Serie A at the time) in showing glimpses of magic, but there was a sending-off: Ricardo Giusti of Argentina was shown the red card in the 13th minute of extra time. Argentina went through on penalties, winning the shoot-out 4–3 after more heroics from Goycochea.

The semi-final between West Germany and England at Juventus's home stadium in Turin was goalless at half-time. Then, in the 60th minute, a shot from Andreas Brehme was deflected by Paul Parker into his own net. England equalised with 10 minutes left, Gary Lineker was the scorer. The game ended 1-1. Extra time yielded more chances and Klinsmann was guilty of two glaring misses while both sides struck a post. England had another Platt goal disallowed for offside. The match went to penalties and West Germany went on to win the 4-3.

The game saw three goals in a 15-minute spell. Roberto Baggio opened the scoring after a rare mistake by England's goalkeeper Peter Shilton, in his final game before international retirement, presented a simple opportunity. A header by David Platt levelled the game 10 minutes later but Schillaci was fouled in the penalty area five minutes later, leading to a penalty. Schillaci himself got up to convert the kick to win him the tournament's Golden Boot for his six-goal tally. Nicola Berti had a goal ruled out minutes later, but the hosts claimed third place. England had the consolation prize of the Fair Play award, having received no red cards and the lowest average number of yellows per match.

The final between West Germany and Argentina has been cited as the most cynical and lowest quality of all World Cup Finals. In the 65th minute, Argentina's Pedro Monzon was sent off for a foul on Jürgen Klinsmann, the first player ever to be sent off in a World Cup Final.

Argentina, weakened by suspension and injury, offered little attacking threat throughout a contest dominated by the West Germans, who struggled to create many clear goalscoring opportunities. The only goal of the contest arrived in the 85th minute when Mexican referee Edgardo Codesal awarded a penalty to West Germany, after a foul on Rudi Völler by Roberto Sensini. Andreas Brehme, who later said there was no foul, converted the spot kick to settle the contest. In the closing moments, Argentina were reduced to nine after Gustavo Dezotti received the second yellow card of the game when he hauled Jürgen Kohler to the ground during a stoppage in play. The 1–0 scoreline provided another first: Argentina were the first team to fail to score in a World Cup Final.

With its third title (and three second-place finishes) West Germany – in its final tournament before national reunification – became the most successful World Cup nation at the time. West German manager Franz Beckenbauer became the only man to both captain (in 1974) and manage a World Cup winning team, and only the second man (after Mário Zagallo of Brazil) to win the World Cup as a player and as team manager. It was also the first time a team from UEFA won the final against a non-European team.



|

Francisco (moon)

Francisco is the closest non-spherical moon of Uranus. 

Francisco was found by Matthew J. Holman, et al. and Brett J. Gladman, et al. in 2003 from pictures taken in 2001 and given the designation S/2001 U 3.
Confirmed as Uranus XXII, it was named after a lord in William Shakespeare's play "The Tempest".




Tropical cyclone warnings and watches

Warnings and watches are two levels of alert issued by national weather forecasting bodies to coastal areas threatened by the imminent approach of a tropical cyclone of tropical storm or hurricane strength. They are notices to the local population and civil authorities to make appropriate preparation for the cyclone, including evacuation of vulnerable areas where necessary. It is important that interests throughout the area of an alert make preparations to protect life and property, and do not disregard it on the strength of the detailed forecast track. Tropical cyclones are not points, and forecasting their track remains an uncertain science.

A tropical storm watch is issued by the National Hurricane Center when tropical storm effects are a possible threat to an area within 48 hours. Tropical storm effects include winds from 39 to 73 mph (35 to 64 knots, 63 to 117 km/h). Maritime flags indicate this with a single square red flag.

A tropical storm warning is issued when tropical storm effects are expected within 36 hours or less. Maritime flags indicate this with two square red flags.


Kingston, Jamaica

The City of Kingston is the capital and largest city of Jamaica. It is on the southeastern coast of the island country. It faces a natural harbour protected by the Palisadoes, a long sand spit which connects Port Royal and the norman Manley International Airport to the rest of the island. In the Western Hemisphere, Kingston is the largest predominantly English-speaking city south of the United States, with a population of 651,880 (2001 census).


Caliban (moon)

Caliban is the second biggest retrograde non-spherical moon of Uranus.

Caliban was found on 1997-09-06 by Brett J. Gladman, Philip D. Nicholson, Joseph A. Burns, and John J. Kavelaars using the 200-inch Hale telescope together with Sycorax and given the designation S/1997 U 1.

Designated Uranus XVI it was named after the monster fictional character in William Shakespeare's play "The Tempest".

The orbital parameters suggest that it may belong, together with Stephano to the same dynamic cluster, suggesting common origin.

The diameter is estimated at 72 km (assuming albedo of 0.04), making it the second biggest non-spherical moon of Uranus, half the size of Sycorax, the biggest non-spherical moon of Uranus.

The light curve suggests Caliban's rotation period is 2.7 hours.




Tropical cyclone forecast model

A tropical cyclone forecast model is a computer program that uses meteorological data to forecast where tropical cyclones will go and how strong they will be. Models use powerful supercomputers and mathematical modeling software. There are two general types: statistical and dynamic. There are two main types of forecasts: track and intensity.


Villalba, Puerto Rico

Villalba (vee-YAHL-bah) is a municipality of Puerto Rico. It is in the central region, northeast of Juana Díaz; south of Orocovis; and west of Coamo. Villalba is spread over 6 wards and Villalba Pueblo (the downtown area and the administrative center of the city).

Stephano (moon)

Stephano is a retrograde non-spherical moon of Uranus. It was found by Brett J. Gladman, "et al." in 1999, and given the designation S/1999 U 2. 

Confirmed as Uranus XX, it is named after the drunken butler in William Shakespeare's play "The Tempest".




Trinculo (moon)

Trinculo is a retrograde non-spherical moon of Uranus. It was found by Holman, "et al." on 2001-08-13, and given the designation S/2001 U 1. 

Confirmed as Uranus XXI, it was named after the drunken jester Trinculo in William Shakespeare's play "The Tempest".




Cabo Engaño

Cabo Engaño is a cape near Punta de Agua, the easternmost point of the island of Hispaniola, in the Dominican Republic. The region around the cape is very dry where cacti grow.

Christopher Columbus saw the cape for the first time on 16 January 1493 and named it as Cape Sant Theramo (or Cape San Telmo).

Punta Cana International Airport, one of the busiest airport of the country, is to the south of the cape.

Sycorax (moon)

Sycorax is one of Uranus' moons. It is the biggest retrograde non-spherical one of its moons.

Sycorax was found on September 6, 1997 by Brett J. Gladman, Philip D. Nicholson, Joseph A. Burns, and John J. Kavelaars. They found it using the 200-inch Hale telescope. They also found Caliban. Sycorax was given the designation S/1997 U 2.

Sycorax was confirmed as Uranus XVII. It was named after Sycorax, Caliban's mother in William Shakespeare's play "The Tempest".

Sycorax follows a far orbit, more than 20 times farther from Uranus than the farthest regular moon Oberon. Its orbit is retrograde, moderately inclined and eccentric.

The orbital parameters suggest that it may belong, together with Setebos and Prospero, to the same dynamic cluster, suggesting common origin.

The diagram illustrates the orbital parameters of the retrograde non-spherical moons of Uranus (in polar co-ordinates) with the eccentricity of the orbits represented by the segments extending from the pericentre to the apocentre.
The diameter of Sycorax is estimated at 150 km (assuming albedo of 0.04) making it the biggest non-spherical moon of Uranus, comparable in size with Himalia, the biggest non-spherical moon of Jupiter.

The rotation period could not be estimated well (best fit ~4 h).




Wozzeck

Wozzeck is an opera by the Austrian composer Alban Berg (1885-1935). It was composed between 1914 and 1922 and first performed in 1925.

Berg wrote this opera before the period when he used serialism in his works. His teacher Schoenberg had not yet developed the twelve tone system. The music of "Wozzeck" has tonal music in the tradition of Mahler, but also some atonal music (music which is not based on any key) as well as melodies which are based on the whole tone scale. The music sounded very modern at the time it was written. Berg also writes for the voices in unusual ways: sometimes they have to half-speak, half-sing (this is called Sprechgesang).

The opera is based on a play called "Woyzeck" by the German playwright Georg Büchner. "Woyzeck" was an unusual drama because, instead of being a story about someone important such as a king or a god, it was about a poor man who is not very smart and is bullied and misused by other people. When Berg wrote the opera nearly a century later, it was still an unusual story for an opera. The heroes in operas were usually important people, while working people often had comic parts: they were often servants. But Wozzeck is a simple man who cannot help what is happening to him. In drama this is sometimes called an "anti-hero".

Scene 1 (Suite): Wozzeck is working as a barber. While he is shaving the Captain, the Captain tells Wozzeck that he thinks Wozzeck leads a bad life because he has had a child with a woman (Marie) without being married to her. Wozzeck says that it is hard for him to be good because he is poor. He reminds the Captain that Jesus said "Let the little children come to me," (Mark 10:14). The Captain is confused by this remark.

Scene 2 (Rhapsody and Hunting Song): Wozzeck and his friend Andres are cutting sticks as the sun is setting. Wozzeck has scary visions: he sees the sinking sun covering the world in flames.

Scene 3 (March and Lullaby): Soldiers march by outside Marie's room. Her neighbour, Margret, tells Marie she is bad because she is flirting with the soldiers. Then Wozzeck comes and tells Marie of the terrible visions he has had.

Scene 4 (Passacaglia): The Doctor tells Wozzeck that he should not cough in the street (Büchner wrote: “piss in the street”). He says he is doing a medical experiment. Wozzeck is so simple that he believes him. The doctor is glad to hear about Wozzeck’s terrible visions.

Scene 5 (Rondo): Marie admires the Drum-major outside her room. He wants to love her. At first she turns away from him, but then she gives in and they rush out together.

Scene 1 (Sonata-Allegro): Marie is telling her child to go to sleep while admiring earrings which the Drum-major gave her. Wozzeck arrives. He asks her where she got the earrings. She says she found them. Wozzeck does not know whether to believe her, but gives her some money and leaves. Marie knows her behaviour is wrong.

Scene 2 (Fantasia and Fugue on 3 Themes): The Doctor rushes by the Captain in the street, who tells him to slow down. The Doctor makes the Captain frightened by thinking of nasty illnesses that he might get. When Wozzeck comes, they tease him by saying that Marie loves someone else.

Scene 3 (Largo): Wozzeck talks about it to Marie. She admits that she has a boyfriend. Wozzeck is furious. He is about to hit her when she stops him, saying even her father never dared to hit her. She says: "better a knife in my belly than your hands on me". This gives Wozzeck an idea for revenge.

Scene 4 (Scherzo): Wozzeck sees Marie dancing with the Drum-major in a crowd. Andres asks Wozzeck why he is sitting by himself. A drunkard gives a sermon, then an idiot goes up to Wozzeck and says he can smell blood.

Scene 5 (Rondo): In the barracks at night, Wozzeck cannot sleep. He is keeping Andres awake. The Drum-major comes in. He is drunk. He gets Wozzeck out of bed to fight with him.

Scene 1 (Invention on a Theme): In her room at night, Marie reads to herself from the Bible. She wants to be forgiven.

Scene 2 (Invention on a Single Note (B)): Wozzeck and Marie are walking in the woods by a pond. Marie wants to leave, but Wozzeck stops her. The moon is shining bright red. Wozzeck becomes determined that if he can not have Marie, no one else can, and he stabs her.

Scene 3 (Invention on a Rhythm): People are dancing in a pub. Wozzeck enters, and when he sees Margret, he dances with her and pulls her onto his lap. He insults her, and then asks her to sing him a song. She sings, but then notices blood on his hand and elbow; everyone begins to shout at him, and Wozzeck rushes out.

Scene 4 (Invention on a 6-Note Chord): Wozzeck goes back to the place where he killed Marie. Wozzeck thinks that the knife he killed Marie with will prove that he is the murderer. He throws the knife into the pond. When the blood-red moon appears again, he walks into the pond to try to wash the blood of his body, but he drowns. The Captain and the Doctor, passing by, hear Wozzeck moaning and rush off in fright.

Intermezzo (Invention on a Key (D minor)): This interlude leads to the finale.

Scene 5 (Invention on an Eighth-Note moto perpetuo, "quasi toccata"): The next morning a group of children are playing in the sunshine. People are telling one another that Marie's body has been found. The children all run off to see. Marie and Wozzeck’s little boy has been playing on a toy horse. He stops and runs after the other children to the pond.

Berg saw Büchner's play "Woyzeck" in 1914. It was the first time it had been performed in Vienna. The play had been advertised as "Wozzeck" because people could not read Büchner’s handwriting. This is why Berg uses this spelling for his opera.

Berg knew at once that he wanted to make the play into an opera. Büchner, who had died in 1837 at the age of 23, had left the play unfinished. Berg took fifteen scenes from the play and made them into an opera with three acts. He composed music with a particular form for each scene so that the music develops in a very organised way. He made changes to the libretto himself.

Though Berg began work on the opera in 1914, he was serving in the army during World War I, so he did not have time to continue working on it until 1917. He finished the opera in April 1922. Erich Kleiber conducted the first performance at the Berlin State Opera on December 14, 1925. It quickly became famous and was performed in all of the big opera houses in Europe. It was so successful that Berg was able to live off of the money he earned from it.

"Wozzeck" was the first major opera written in a modern 20th century style. A lot of the music is atonal (not in any key) so Berg was able to use this to express the madness of Wozzeck. Sometimes the music becomes more tonal, especially when the story is telling about love and humanity. He also bases some of the music about the soldiers on folksong which he treats in his own special way.

Another musical technique he uses is the leitmotif, in which particular characters or things are linked to particular themes or musical ideas. This technique can be very useful to suggest certain things. For example, there is a leitmotif for the earrings which the Drum major has given to Marie. When the major makes love to Marie we hear this leitmotif. The music makes us realize that he is not forcing her to love him but that she is willing. In another place, the military music tells us that Marie is thinking of the Drum major. 

Another leitmotif is the chord we hear when Wozzeck, near the beginning of the opera, talks about "poor folk like us". The chord we hear is used in other parts of the opera when characters are not strong enough to change their situation in life.

Gram (mythology)

In Norse mythology, Gram is the name of the sword of Sigurd (Siegfried). He used it to kill the dragon Fafnir. It was forged by Weyland the Smith and originally belonged to his father, Sigmund, who received it in the hall of the Volsung after pulling it out of a log into which Odin had stuck it–nobody else could pull it out. The sword was destroyed and reforged at least once. After it was reforged, it clove an anvil in half. See Sigurd for more details on the story of Siegfried and Fafnir.

In the "Nibelungenlied", Siegfried's sword is called Balmung; in Richard Wagner's Ring Cycle, it is called Nothung (Notung in more modern German).

Sigurd

Sigurd or Sigur is a male name used in Norway, Denmark, Sweden, and Iceland. It comes from Old Norse "Sigurðr" (from "sigr" "victory" and "varðr" "guardian"). Other forms of this name are Sigvard and Siward. A short form of the name is Sjur.

Sigurd can be:




Several earls of Orkney:

Other figures from Scandinavian history:

In science:

Military:

In politics:

Tantra

Tantra (Sanskrit: तन्त्र "weave" meaning "continuity"), tantricism or tantrism is the name for a number of traditions from Indian religions. Tantra began to blossom as a movement within both Buddhism and Hinduism around A.D. 500, reaching its fullest flowering 500 to 700 years later. These traditions are usually esoteric in their nature. Tantra exists in Hindu, Bönpo, Buddhist, and Jain forms. Tantra in its various forms has existed in South Asia, China, Japan, Tibet, Korea, Cambodia, Burma, Indonesia and Mongolia. In the west, today, traditional Tantric practices can be found within the Tibetan Buddhist tradition, and via the Kundalini and Kriya yoga schools, all of which are right-handed paths.

Tantra is derived from 2 words - "Tanoti" (Liberation of energy) and "Trayati" (Expansion of consciousness).


Sorbs

The Sorbs are Slavic people. They live mostly in Germany and Poland. There are 60,000 Sorbian people in the world. About 25,000 people speak one of the Sorbian languages. 

In Germany and Poland Sorbs do not use the old fashioned words "Wends" or "Wendish" to describe themselves. American and Australian communities often prefer to call themselves "Wends" or "Wendish". They think that “Sorb” and “Sorbian” are bad words. 

Upper Sorbian and Lower Sorbian dialects are protected languages in parts of Germany under the European Charter for Minority or Regional Languages

List of Romanian writers

This is a list of Romanian writers.




















Almazán

Almazán is a city in Castilla y León, in Spain. The city name comes from Arabic. There it means "The fortified place". It is located about 32 km south of the capital of the province (Valladolid), and about 192 km from Madrid. Today, about 5.700 people live there.

The city has a long history. In it, the Pedro IV of Aragon and Enrique II of Castilla signed the truce between Castillla and Aragon. Juan Hurtado de Mendoza was the majordomo of king Enrique III. The king Enrique IV of Castilla gave the city to him. He also got to supervise the city. Later the duchy was divided into two different parts.

The city itself was governed by the "Alcalde Mayor". He was helped by a committee of people from the city (3 noblemen, and 3 from the Hidalgo class).

The city belonged to the county of Altamira. The counts descended from Hernando de Mendoza.

Diego Laínez was a Jesuit monk who was born in the city. He was a companion to San Ignacio de Loyola. He also succeeded him as head of the Society of Jesus, a Catholic religious order. Laínez later had a large influence in the Council of Trent.

Most of the city is built in a Romanesque style. There are also some examples of Baroque, Renaissance and Gothic art styles.

Some of the notable buildings are:



Ratnasambhava

Ratnasambhava is one of the five Dhyani Buddhas. 

His mandala is yellow and is in the southern direction. Ratnasambhava embodies Dharma that changes pride, miserliness and avarice into equanimity. He is shown with his right hand extended down, palm facing outwards. His left hand holds a precious jewel in his lap. He is associated with changing poverty into wealth. Ratnasambhava’s blessings allow us to overcome pride and miserliness, thereby developing inner calm. The wealth-giving Buddhas or Jambhalas are associated with the family of Ratnasambhava.

Hydrangea

Hydrangea, common name Hortensia, is a genus of 70-80 species of flowers. The earliest kinds of hydrangea came from southern and eastern Asia. 

The colour of the flowers can tell you how much acid is in the soil the plant is growing in. 

For example alkaline ones produce pink colored flowers.


Mandala

A Mandala is a symbol of either a man or a woman in the world. 

The Mandala acts as a support for anyone in meditation. The Mandala itself is often illustrated as a palace with four gates, facing the four corners of the Earth. It is a symbol that represents wholeness, and can be seen as a model for the structure of life itself. There are generally symbols within it that represent something.

Margaret (moon)

Margaret is the only prograde non-spherical moon of Uranus. It was found by Scott S. Sheppard, et al. in 2003 and given the designation S/2003 U 3.

Confirmed as Uranus XXIII, it was named after the servant of Hero in William Shakespeare's play "Much Ado About Nothing" 

Margaret stands out as the only prograde non-spherical moon of Uranus. The diagram illustrates the orbital parameters of Margaret, unique among the non-spherical moons of Uranus, with inclination on the vertical axis and the eccentricity of the orbits represented by the segments extending from the pericentre to the apocentre.

https//ifarley.net



Joanot Martorell

Joanot Martorell (1413 – 1468) was the Valencian author of the novel "Tirant lo Blanch," which is written in the Valenciandialect (Martorell calls it "the Valencian vernacular" ""vulgar llengua valenciana"" used in the Crown of Aragon). First published in Valencia in 1490, it was reprinted in Barcelona in 1497, and some consider it the first modern novel in Europe. 

It deals with the adventures of a knight in the Byzantine Empire with echoes of the real-life Catalan Company. Miguel de Cervantes in the book burning scene of Don Quixote considers it the best knight novel. Martorell himself was a chivalrous man and suffered an early death due to court intrigue, leading to a colleague, Marti Joan de Galba, finishing the novel.


St Albans

St Albans is the main urban area of the City and District of St Albans in Hertfordshire, England. It is 22 miles (35 km) north of London. St Albans is the former Roman town of Verulamium.

It was originally named Verlamion by the Celtic Catuvellauni tribe, and Verulamium by the Romans. It was the first major town on the old Roman road of Watling Street for travellers heading north.

Many of the Roman walls were knocked down by William the Conqueror and used to build St Albans Abbey, otherwise known as St Albans Cathedral. The town had many notable buildings but most were knocked down by Henry VIII. The only building left is the abbey. Though many other buildings have been built nearby Ye Old Fighting Cocks, which claims to be the oldest pub in the UK, a Roman amphitheatre and hypocaust floor, a disused bear baiting square in Verulamium Park, and the imposing Rats Castle at the top of Hatfield Road as well as Roman Verulanium Museum

The bones of St. Alban, the first English martyr, were kept in the Abbey in a shrine, but were stolen during the 19th century.They were smuggled out of the country into Munich. A few years ago The German Cathedral sent the shoulder bone of St. Alban and it is kept in the shrine behind a curtain

Now, due to its proximity to London, St. Albans is a commuter town.

St Albans School is a public school. It occupies a site to the west of the Abbey, which includes the 14th century Abbey Gateway. The school was founded in AD 948 and is the only school in the English-speaking world to have educated a Pope. Adrian IV was the only Englishman to become Pope.



City of Lancaster

The City of Lancaster (2002 population: 133,914) is a local government district in Lancashire, England. Its main town is Lancaster, from which it obtained its city status. Other towns in the district include Morecambe, Heysham, Slyne, and Carnforth.

The district was made on April 1 1974, under the Local Government Act 1972, when the boroughs of Lancaster and Morecambe and Heysham, along with Carnforth urban district, Lancaster Rural District and Lunesdale Rural District joined together.

 Aalborg

Peripheral equipment

Peripheral equipment (also called: input and output devices) connects a computer to other things. It gives a computer system more features. Input is anything that goes in and output is anything that goes out. Any device for the computer that the computer can work without is peripheral equipment. This equipment is always separated from the central processing unit (CPU) by a device controller.

Peripheral equipment is necessary for people to interact with a computer system. Some peripheral equipment displays information (such as a computer monitor). Some peripherals, such as touchscreens, work for both input and output.

Peripheral equipment is often labelled I/O device (Input/Output device). I/O devices are connected to a device controller which is connected to the electronics in the computer system. An example of an output device is a set of computer speakers. Computer speakers are plugged into a device controller called an audio device. The device is connected to the rest of the system inside. An example of an input device is a computer mouse. It is connected in the same way as an output device. Most peripherals connect by cable but some connect by Bluetooth radio.

One peripheral device can be connected to many systems. 

Sometimes extra memory devices such as a second hard disk can be called peripheral equipment. People who make computer programs call everything except the processor and main memory an I/O device. To an engineer working on the design of a processor, everything except the processor is called an I/O device. 
An input device is anything that puts information inside a computer. It is a hardware device that sends information into the CPU. Without any input devices a computer would simply be a display device and not allow users to interact with it, similar to a TV. Below is a listing of different types of computer input devices.


An output device is anything to which the computer sends signals, for example things that display information from the computer or make sound from the computer. 


Federal Ministry of Marshall Plan Affairs

The Federal Ministry of Marshall Plan Affairs was one of the first ministries of the Federal Republic of Germany. Its job was to oversee the rebuilding of the new republic using money and aid given by the United States as part of the European Recovery Programme, which was usually called the Marshall Plan.

The only Minister for Marshall Plan Affairs was also the first Federal Vice Chancellor, Franz Blücher.

In 1953 the Ministry was renamed the Federal Ministry for Economic Cooperation.

Marshall Plan

The Marshall Plan (officially called the European Recovery Program [ERP]) was a plan of the United States for rebuilding the allied countries of Europe after World War II. One of the main reasons this was done was to stop communism and the USSR.

The plan was named after Secretary of State George Marshall, but the plan was worked out by other people in the State Department.

The plan ran for four years beginning in April 1948. During that period US$ 13 billion in economic and technical help were given to help the recovery of the European countries that had joined in the Organization for European Economic Co-operation.

By the time the plan ended, the economy of every member state had grown well past pre-war levels.

In recent years some historians have said that another reason for the plan was to make the United States stronger, and to make the countries of western Europe need the United States. They also say that the United Nations (UN) Relief and Rehabilitation Administration, which helped millions of refugees from 1944 to 1947, it also helped the European postwar recovery.

U.S. Treasury Secretary said that if Europe needed money to rebuild what had been destroyed by the war, they should take it from Germany. This money was called war reparations. Morgenthau said it would also stop Germany from ever being rebuilt, and threatening to start another war. Taking money from Germany was done after World War I. It did not work. Instead of helping other countries it hurt them. This is because companies could not sell the coal and steel that they made because it was coming in free from Germany.

Jean Monnet of France said that France should control the German coal areas of the Ruhr and Saar and use it to rebuild French industry. In 1946 the occupying powers agreed to put strict limits on how quickly Germany could reindustrialize. Limits were placed on how much coal and steel could be produced.

This was the first German industrial plan. It was signed in early 1946 and said that German heavy industry was to be cut down to half% of its 1938 levels by the destroying 1,500 manufacturing plants.

By the end of 1946 governments could see the problems of the plan, and the agreement was changed several times, the last time in 1949. But dismantling factories went on into 1950. Germany had been very important to the economy of Europe for a long time. This meant that a poor Germany was holding back European recovery, because other countries could not sell so many things to Germany. A poor Germany was also expensive for the occupying powers. They had to give Germany food and other things which it needed and could not grow or make for itself anymore.

Because of this the Morgenthau and Monnet plans were rejected.
The Marshall Plan ended in 1952. Ideas to extend it were stopped because of the cost of the Korean War and rearmament. U.S. Republicans hostile to the plan had also gained seats in the 1950 Congressional elections.

The Marshall Plan has been described as "the most unselfish act in history." However, this may not be the case. The United States benefited from the plan because part of the agreement for giving the aid was that the country would have to open up their economies to US companies.

"Historical revisionist" historians, such as Walter LaFeber, during the 1960s and 1970s said that the plan was American economic imperialism. That means, that it was an attempt to gain control over Western Europe just as the Soviets controlled Eastern Europe.

Tyler Cowen, economist, has said that nations receiving the most aid from the Marshall Plan (Britain, Sweden, Greece) saw the least returns and grew the least between 1947 and 1955. Those nations who received little (e.g. Austria) grew the most.

When he looked at West Germany's economy from 1945 to 1951, German analyst Werner Abelshauser decided that foreign aid was not needed to start the recovery or to keep it going. Cowen found that the economic recoveries of France, Italy, and Belgium, started before the Marshall Plan. Belgium relied heavily on free market economic policies after its liberation in 1944, and had the fastest recovery. It also did not have the severe housing and food shortages seen in the rest of continental Europe. 





Ninety-Five Theses

The Ninety-Five Theses on the Power of Indulgences, commonly known as The Ninety-Five Theses, was written by Martin Luther.

Luther argued that the Church should not sell indulgences. Because many people agreed, Luther became very popular, paving the way for the Protestant Reformation.

On October 31, 1517, Luther approached the church authorities with his pressing call for reform. On this day he presented them with his theses. When the bishops did not respond, Luther circulated his theses privately. The theses spread quickly and were printed in Nuremberg, Leipzig, and Basel.

Most recently, in February 2007, the media reported that a handwritten note by Luther's secretary Georg Rörer, found in the university library at Jena, appeared to confirm the traditional account of Luther's nailing the theses to the door. As of February 2007, this new find has yet to be assessed by scholars.



Indulgence

An indulgence, in Roman Catholic theology, means that temporal punishment (punishment here on Earth) for sins which have already been forgiven is taken from the sinner. 

The indulgence is given by the church after the sinner has confessed and received absolution. 
Indulgences replaced the severe penances of the early church.

The basis of indulgences was said to be that the church has a "treasury of merit". This came from past Christians who had been even better than was required to gain salvation. Their good deeds were kept in a kind of bank that the Pope could draw from. He could give or sell the merit to others whose sins prevented them from being saved. 

During the crusades, the Pope promised "full indulgence" to those who volunteered to fight the Muslims. This meant that if they became soldiers in the Pope's army and died, they would go to heaven even if they had done evil things. 

By 1500, indulgences had developed into a printed letter that said that having paid money a person had received full pardon for all their sins. Even people who had died and were suffering in purgatory could be instantly freed if a living person paid for the indulgence. The money was used for building a church in Rome, with some of it going to local princes or secular leaders.

This extreme abuse of indulgences caused Martin Luther to protest against them. Luther said that it is better to give money to the poor and repent of one's sins instead of paying money to the Church. This was the starting point for the Protestant Reformation (1517). Soon after, at the Council of Trent, the Catholic Church tried to respond to the problems that led to the Reformation and the sale of indulgences was stopped. 

In modern times, the idea of indulgences has occasionally been used by the Catholic Church, but only as a reward for certain pious acts, and not as a full pardon for sins. 


Prospero (moon)

Prospero is a small retrograde non-spherical moon of Uranus found on 1999-07-18 by the astrophysicist Matthew Holman and his team, and given designation S/1999 U 3. Confirmed as Uranus XVIII it was named after the sorcerer Prospero in William Shakespeare's play "The Tempest".

The orbital parameters suggest that it may belong, together with Sycorax and Setebos to the same dynamic cluster, suggesting common origin.
However, this suggestion does not appear to be supported by the observed colours. The moon appears grey in the visible light
, similar to Setebos but different from Sycorax (which is "light red").




Gaspar Melchor de Jovellanos

Gaspar Melchor de Jovellanos (5 January, 1744 27 November, 1811) was a Spanish neoclassical statesman, writer, and philosopher.

Involved in the disgrace of his friend, Francisco de Cabarrús, Jovellanos spent the years 1790 to 1797 in a sort of prison at Gijón where he wrote.

In 1797 he came back and refused the post of ambassador to Russia, but accepted to become minister of grace and justice. 

Joseph Bonaparte, on mounting the Spanish throne, made Jovellanos lots of offers but he refused them all and joined a patriotic party. 

When he was involved in the fall of the party he was sent back to Gijon. The vessel in which he sailed was compelled by stress of weather to put in at Vega de Navia (now Puerto de Vega) in Asturias where died on November 27 1811.

Empire State Building

The Empire State Building is a skyscraper in Midtown Manhattan, New York City. It is tall and has 102 floors. Named after the popular nickname for New York, the Empire State, it is one of the most famous landmarks in the US. When the Empire State Building opened on May 1, 1931, it was the world's tallest building.

Designed by the architects named Shreve, Lamb & Harmon Associates, it was built at a time when many people were trying to make the world's tallest building, but the Empire State Building won. The old Waldorf-Astoria Hotel was destroyed so that the Empire State Building could be built. The Empire State Building was completed in 410 days. It opened on May 1, 1931, when United States President Herbert Hoover pushed a button in Washington, D.C. to turn on the lights. The Empire State Building's design was based on the 21-story Reynolds Building in Winston-Salem, built in 1929. In the 1930s, the Empire State Building was called the "Empty State Building" because not many people worked in the building.

The Empire State Building became the tallest building in New York City and the world until the first World Trade Center towers passed it in 1970. When these towers were brought down in the September 11, 2001 attacks, the Empire State Building was again the tallest building in New York. It stopped being New York's tallest building in 2012 when the new One World Trade Center was built. 

On Saturday, July 28, 1945, a plane crashed into the building due to heavy fog and started a fire, but the building was only damaged a little. 14 people (3 in the plane) were killed in the accident.

On January 24, 2000, an elevator cable snapped, causing one of the building's elevators to crash from the 44th floor, stopping on the 4th floor. Both passengers in the elevator were only slightly injured.

The Empire State Building is at 350 Fifth Avenue. The building has its own ZIP code, 10118. There is a big Art Deco lobby with shops at Fifth Avenue. People can also go to a lobby on 34th Street. The Empire State Building has 73 elevators.

The 80th, 86th, and 102nd floors have places where people can look at the city from high above. There is a steel mast on the top of the Empire State Building. The builders wanted to have an airship station on the roof, but the station was not opened. Today, people cannot go to the mast. The mast has a radio transmitter. The Empire State Building also lights up at night.




Calvià

Calviá is a village on the island of Mallorca and it has some of the most beautiful beaches on the island.

The village of Calvià has an area of and an altitude of . There are almost 50,000 inhabitants.

Tourism is the main source of income in this city. In summer there are many tourist coming to this city, especially from the United Kingdom.


Hoover Dam

The Hoover Dam is a large dam on the Colorado River. It is on the border of the states of Arizona and Nevada. The reservoir it made is called Lake Mead. The dam is named after the former US President Herbert Hoover. At first it was called "Boulder Dam", but the name was changed to honor Hoover, who was president when the idea of building the dam started.


Felanitx

Felanitx is on the east side of Majorca close to Porto Colom on the coast. It is from Palma.
It is the centre of a very touristic area (there are more than 2.300 hotel rooms), especially in summer.
There are 17,000 inhabitants. 

It is the home town of the famous painter Miquel Barceló, who has just worked in the cathedral of Palma.


St. Peter's Basilica

St. Peter's Basilica, which is called "Basilica di San Pietro in Vaticano" in Italian, is a large church in the Vatican City, in Rome, Italy. It is often called “the greatest church in Christendom". In Catholic tradition, St. Peter's Basilica is believed to be the burial place of Saint Peter, who was one of the twelve apostles of Jesus. It is believed that Saint Peter was the first Bishop of Rome.

Although the Bible does not say that the apostle Peter went to Rome, other Roman Christians who were alive in the 1st century AD have written about him. Catholics believe that after Peter was killed, his body was buried in a cemetery where the basilica now stands. A tomb has been found below the altar of the basilica, and there were some bones, but no-one can say for certain if they are the bones of St. Peter.

A church was built here in the 4th century AD. The building that stands here now was begun on April 18, 1506 and was finished in 1626. Many Popes have been buried there. Although many people think St. Peter's is a cathedral, it is not, because it does not have a bishop. The pope is the Bishop of Rome, and although he usually uses St. Peter's as his main church, because he lives in the Vatican, his bishop's throne is in a different church, the cathedral of "Saint John Lateran". Large important churches like St. Peter's are often called basilicas. There are four ancient basilicas in Rome that were begun by the Emperor Constantine soon after he made Christianity the legal religion of the Roman Empire in the early 4th century AD (300s). The basilicas are "St. Peter's Basilica", "St. John Lateran", "Santa Maria Maggiore" and "St. Paul outside the Walls".

St. Peter's is famous for many reasons:

One of the books of the Bible, called the Acts of the Apostles, tells what happened to the disciples of Jesus after he was put to death by crucifixion in the 1st century AD. One of his twelve disciples became the leader. His name was Simon Peter and he was a fisherman from Galilee. Peter became one of the most important people in starting the Christian Church. Another important disciple was Paul of Tarsus, who travelled to many places and wrote lots of letters to teach and to encourage people in the new Christian groups that began to spring up in many different parts of the Roman Empire. St. Paul travelled to Rome. It is believed that St. Peter also travelled to Rome and that both Paul and Peter were put to death there as Christian martyrs. St. Paul was beheaded with a sword. Peter was crucified up-side-down. It is believed that the body of St. Peter was buried in a cemetery near the Via Cornelia, a road leading out of the city, on the hill called Vaticanus. Peter's grave was marked, by a red rock, the symbol of his name. The place where Peter died was marked, in the 1400s, by a little round temple called the "Tempietto" designed by Bramante.

St. Peter is very important in Roman Catholic tradition because Peter is believed to have been the head of the Christian Church in Rome, and so he was the first bishop. The Gospel of Matthew (chapter 16, verse 18) tells that Jesus said these words to Peter:

The name Peter means a "rock". The Roman Catholic Church believes that Jesus made Peter the head of the Christian Church, and so all the Bishops of Rome (the Popes) must be the leaders of the Christian Church throughout the whole world. The Protestant and Orthodox churches believe that Jesus was speaking about the important words Peter had just said: ""You are the Christ and the Son of the Living God"" (Matthew 16:16), and that this "Confession of Faith" is the rock that the Christian Church is built on.

On December 23, 1950, while making his Christmas radio broadcast to the world, Pope Pius XII announced that Saint Peter's tomb had been discovered. Archaeologists had been searching for ten years in a place under the basilica that had been covered up for about a thousand years. They had found part of a small building dating from soon after St. Peter's death, and some bones, but no-one could be sure if they were the bones of St. Peter.

St. Peter's Basilica, as it stand today, was begun in 1506. The first basilica, which is now called "Old St. Peter's Basilica" was begun by the Emperor Constantine between 326 and 333 AD. This was a big wide church in the shape of a Latin Cross, over 103.6 metres (350 feet) long. The central part called the "nave" had two aisles on either side, separated by rows of talls Roman columns. In front of the main entrance was large courtyard with a covered walkway all around. This church had been built over a small "shrine" (little chapel) believed to mark the burial place of St. Peter. The old basilica contained a very large number of tombs and memorials, including those of most of the popes from St. Peter to the 15th century.

By the end of the 15th century (1400s), the old basilica was falling to pieces. Pope Nicholas V, (1447–55), was worried about it and got two architects, Leone Battista Alberti and Bernardo Rossellino, to make plans to restore it or build a new one. But Pope Nicholas had so many political problems that when he died, very little of the work had been done.
In 1505, Pope Julius II decided to "demolish" (pull down) the old St. Peter's and build a basilica that would be the grandest church in the world and make Rome (and himself) famous. He held a competition and invited lots of artists and architects to draw designs. A plan was selected and the build was begun, but Pope Julius did not get his new basilica. In fact, it was not finished for 120 years. The planning and construction (or "building work") lasted through the reigns of 21 popes and 8 architects.

The changing plans for St. Peter's. The architectural terms are explained in the article.
When Pope Julius decided to build the "grandest church in Christendom" the design by Donato Bramante was chosen, and Pope Julius laid the foundation stone in 1506. Bramante's plan was in the shape of an enormous Greek Cross, which means that it had four arms all of equal length, and a large dome at the middle. For the next hundred years, the "groundplan" got changed backwards and forwards between a "Greek Cross" like Bramante's plan and a "Latin Cross" like the old basilica, but one thing never changed, and that was the idea of having an enormous dome at the place where the two arms crossed.
At that time, there were only three very large domes in the whole world. One was far away in Constantinople on the church of Hagia Sophia and not many people in Italy had seen it. The other two domes were both very well known. One was the dome on the temple to the Ancient Roman gods, called the Pantheon. The other dome was built in the early 15th century (1400s) on Florence Cathedral by Filippo Brunelleschi. The dome of the Pantheon is 43.3 metres (142.06 ft) across and the dome of Florence Cathedral is about 42.1 metres (138 ft), but is much taller. Bramante's plan for the dome of St. Peter's was for it to be about as wide as the dome of Florence, and even taller.

No architect with any sense would try to design a dome without first checking out how these other two domes were made. Bramante checked them out. He discovered that the dome of the Pantheon, which had been standing for nearly 1500 years, was made of concrete. So that the concrete wouldn't be too heavy, it was mixed with pumice stone which comes out of a volcano and is full of gas holes so it is very light weight. Bramante learned how to make concrete like the Ancient Romans.

Bramante's dome was to be like the one on the Pantheon. But there was one very big difference between the Pantheon dome and Bramante's design. The Pantheon's dome stands on a round wall like a drum, with only one doorway in it, but Bramante's dome was designed to stand on a drum, which was standing high up on four wide arches. The aches rested on four enormous "piers" (pillars of stone). He had got this idea from Florence Cathedral which had an enormous dome resting on eight big piers. Another idea that Bramante got from Florence Cathedral was the design for the little stone tower which sits on top of the dome and is called the "lantern".

When Pope Julius died in 1513, the next pope, Leo X, called in three architects, Giuliano da Sangallo, Fra Giocondo and Raphael. Sangallo and Fr Giocondo both died in 1515. Raphael made a big change to the plan. Instead of having a Greek Cross, he decided to change the plan to a Latin Cross, which had a long "nave" and "aisles" like the old basilica.

Raphael also died, in his mid-30s, in 1520, before any important changes could be made to the building. The next architect was Peruzzi who like some of the ideas that Raphael had, but did not like the Latin Cross plan. Peruzzi went back to Bramante's Greek Cross plan. But there were so many arguments in the church that the building stopped completely. Then in 1527 Rome was invaded by Emperor Charles V. Peruzzi died in 1536 without his plan being built. The only main parts of the building which had been constructed were Bramante's four big "piers" to hold the dome.

Antonio da Sangallo (known as "Sangallo the Younger") looked at all the different plans by Peruzzi, Raphael and Bramante. He put some of their ideas together in a design that had a very short nave, (not a long one like Raphael's design) and had a big porch at the front. He changed Bramante's dome to be much stronger and also much more decorated. The main new idea that he added were 16 stone ribs to strengthen the dome. This idea came from Florence Cathedral which had eight stone ribs. But Sangallo's plan never got built, either. The main job that he did was to strengthen Bramante's piers which had begun to crack.

On January 1st, 1547 in the reign of Pope Paul III, Michelangelo, who was already over 70, became the architect of St. Peter's. He is the main designer of the building as it stands today. Michelangelo died before the job was finished, but by that time, he had got the construction up to a point where other people could get it finished. Michelangelo had already done a lot of work for the popes, carving figures for the tomb of Pope Julius II, painting the Sistine Chapel ceiling, which took five years, and the enormous fresco the "Last Judgement" on the wall of the Sistine Chapel. Michelangelo found the popes and the cardinals very difficult to work with. When Pope Paul asked him to be the new architect for St. Peter's, Michelangelo did not want the job. In fact, Pope Paul did not really want Michelangelo. But his first choice, Giulio Romano, died suddenly. Michelangelo told the pope that he would only do the job, if he could do it in whatever way he thought was best.

Michelangelo wrote:

When Michelangelo took over a building site in 1547, the nave of the old basilica was still standing and in use. There were four of the most enormous piers in the world standing where the western part of the old basilica had been. The building work had stopped for so long that weeds and bushes were growing out between the stones of the unfinished building as if it was a cliff. Michelangelo looked at all the plans that had been drawn by some of the greatest architects and engineers of the 16th century. He knew he could do whatever he liked but he had respect for the other designers, especially Bramante. He knew that he was expected to make a design that would be the symbol of the city of Rome, in the same way as Brunelleschi's dome was the symbol of Florence where Michelangelo had lived as a young man. He went back to the Greek Cross idea and re-drew Bramante's plan, making every part of it much stronger and simpler. It had to be strong enough to support the tallest dome in the world.

Michelangelo was a sculptor. When he was going to carve something, he would start by making a clay model. Michelangelo could imagine the building like a lump of clay. What if the building could be pushed and pulled and squeezed? If you could squeeze the corners in, then other bits would bulge out. If you could put your hands around the whole building and squeeze it, then the dome would bulge upwards. The idea of imagining buildings as bendy and bulgy was a completely new one. But other artists like Gianlorenzo Bernini looked at what Michelangelo did at St. Peter's and used this clever new idea in their own work. This is called the Baroque style.

