As it stands today, the "Greek Cross" part of the basilica is Michelangelo's design and the "nave", which was added later, is by Carlo Maderna. Comparing Michelangelo's plan with Raphael's plan shows that while the outside-line of Raphael's plan has clear square and round shapes, the outside-line in Michelangelo's plan has lots of changes of direction. That is the way it was built. All around the outside of the building are enormous "pilasters" (which are like giant columns stuck on the building). Almost every pilaster is set at a different angle to the next one as if the flat walls had been folded up. Right around the top of the building is a band called the "cornice". A "cornice" is usually quite flat, but because of all the changes of direction, this cornice ripples like a giant piece of ribbon, tied around the outside of the building. The art historian Helen Gardner wrote that it looked as of the whole building was being held together from top to bottom.

Michelangelo designed the dome again, using ideas from Bramante and Sangallo the Younger. Three important ideas came from the dome that Brunelleschi had built in Florence more than 100 years earlier.

When Michelangelo died in 1564, the walls were being built, the piers had been strengthened and everything was ready for the building of the dome. The Pope wanted Michelangelo's assistant Vignola to finish it, but he was not able to. After twenty years Pope Sixtus V gave the job to the architect Giacomo della Porta and the engineer Domenico Fontana. Giacomo Della Porta successfully built the dome. He made some changes to the design, like adding some lions' heads to the decoration because they were the symbol of Pope Sixtus' family. The main way that the dome is different from the wooden model is that it is much more pointy.

Some writers believe that Michelangelo had changed his mind from his first plan, and did not want the pointy dome. They believe he wanted a round dome which would look more "restful". Other writers believe that Michelangelo wanted the pointed dome, not just because it was safer to build, but also because it looked more exciting, as if the building was pushing upwards. Pope Sixtus V lived just long enough to see the dome finished in 1590. His name is written in gold letters around the inside, just below the lantern.

Pope Clement III, had a cross raised into place on top of the lantern. It took a whole day and everyone in Rome was given a holiday, and all the church-bells of the city were rung. In the arms of the cross are set two lead boxes, one containing a fragment of the True Cross and a bone of Saint Andrew and the other containing medals of the "Holy Lamb".

The dome of St. Peter's rises to a height of 136.57 m (448.06 ft) from the floor of the basilica. It is the tallest dome in the world. Its inside diameter is 41.47 metres (136.06 ft), just slightly smaller than those of the Pantheon and the Florence Cathedral.

Around the inside of the dome is written in letters 2 metres (6.5 ft) high:

In 1602 Pope Paul V put Carlo Maderna in charge of the building. On February 18 1606, workmen began to pull down the rest of the old basilica. Some people were very upset. The building committee felt guilty. They decided that the church was the wrong shape, and that they wanted a Latin Cross plan because it was the symbol of the death of Jesus. They wanted a "nave" which would cover all the Holy Ground where the old building had been. In 1607 Maderna's plans for the nave and the "facade" (the front) were accepted. For the inside, he used very large piers with pilasters like Michelangelo's, but he made a clear join between the two parts of the building. The building work began on May 7 1607 and 700 men were employed to do the work. In 1608, the facade was begun. In December 1614 the building was all finished except for the decorations on the ceiling. Early in 1615 the temporary wall between Michelangelo's building and the new nave was pulled down. All the mess was carted away, and the nave was ready for use by Palm Sunday.

The façade was designed by Maderna. It is 114.69 metres (376.28 ft) wide and 45.55 metres (149.44 ft) high and is built of pale grey travertine stone, with a giant Corinthian columns and a central triangular pediment. Along the roof-line are statues of Christ, John the Baptist, and eleven of the apostles.

Inside the main doors is a portico (a long hall) which runs across the front of the building and has five doors leading into the basilica. Its has a long curving roof decorated with gold. The light that comes through the doors shines on the beautifully patterned marble floor. At each end of the portico, set between columns, is a statue of a figure on horseback. They are Charlemagne sculpted by Cornacchini (18th century) to the south and Emperor Constantine by Bernini (1670) to the north. Maderna's last work at St. Peter's was to design a sunken crypt called the "Confessio" under the dome, where people can go to be nearer the burial place of the apostle. All around its marble handrail are 95 bronze lamps.

As a young boy Gianlorenzo Bernini (1598-1680) visited St. Peter's and said that one day he wanted to build "a mighty throne for the apostle". His wish came true. As a young man, in 1626, Pope Urban VIII asked him to work as architect for the basilica. Bernini spent the next fifty years thinking of new and beautiful things to design. He is thought of as the greatest architect and sculptor of the Baroque period.

Bernini's first work at St. Peter's was to design the "baldacchino" which is like a tent or "pavilion" above the High Altar. This amazing thing is 30 metres (98 ft) tall and is probably the largest piece of bronze in the world. It stands underneath the dome and has four huge bronze twisted columns decorated with olive leaves and bees, because bees were the symbol of Pope Urban. Pope Urban had a niece that he loved very much and he got Bernini to put her face and the face of her new-born baby boy on the columns as well.

Bernini had a great idea for Bramante's great big piers. He had four hollow "niches" carved into them where four huge statues could stand. The basilica owns some precious relics: a piece of the True Cross of Jesus, a veil that a woman wiped the face of Jesus with, while he was carrying the cross, the spear that was used to pierce Jesus side, and the bones of St. Andrew, the brother of St. Peter. No-one knows for sure whether these things are real or not, but for hundreds of years they have been precious. Bernini's plan was the make four marble statues of the four Holy people: St. Helena who found the cross, St. Longinus who was the soldier with the spear, St Veronica who wiped Jesus' face and St. Andrew. (See below)
Bernini's next job was to make a special throne out of bronze, to hold an ancient wood and ivory throne that had been at the basilica for more than 500 years. It is called the "Cattedra Petri" or "throne of St. Peter". The bronze throne, with the old wooden throne inside it, is held up high at the end of the basilica, by four important saints who are called "Doctors of the Church" because they were all great writers and teachers. The statues are made of bronze. They are Saints Ambrose and Augustine for the Church of Rome and Saints Athanasius and John Chrysostum for the Orthodox Church. Above the chair is a window which is made not from glass but thin translucent stone called alabaster. The Dove of the Holy Spirit is in the middle of the window with rays of light spreading out into the basilica through a sculpture of golden clouds and angels. Bernini designed this to look like a window into Heaven. There was a great celebration when the chair was put in place on January 16, 1666.

Bernini's last work for St. Peter's, 1676, was to decorate of the Chapel of the Sacrament. He designed a miniature version of Bramante's Tempietto, and made it in gilt bronze. On either side is an angel, one gazing in adoration and the other looking towards the viewer in welcome. Bernini died in 1680 in his 82nd year.

To the east of the basilica is the "Piazza di San Pietro" (St. Peter's Place). The piazza was designed by Bernini and built between 1656 and 1667. It was not an easy job because the designer had lots of things to think about. Firstly, many people complained that Maderna's "facade" on St. Peter's looked too wide, so Bernini wanted to make it look narrower, not wider. Secondly, in the old square left over from the Old St. Peter's, Pope Sixtus V had a monument set up. This monument was a precious Ancient Egyptian "obelisk" (which is like a tall column, but with four flat sides). From its base to the top of the cross (that the pope had put on top) it was 40 metres (131 ft) high, and had been brought to Rome in ancient times. The obelisk really should be at the center of the new square, but it was not in quite the right place, and was very difficult to move without breaking. The third problem was that Maderna had built a fountain to one side of the obelisk, and Bernini needed to make another fountain to match it, otherwise the design would look unbalanced.

Bernini solved the problem by making two areas, instead of one huge one. The first area is an almost-square area right in front of the facade. It is cleverly designed with sloping sides that make the building look taller and not so wide. The second part of the piazza is oval. It has the obelisk at the center with two fountains on either side at the widest part. The two parts of the piazza are surrounded by a "colonnade" (covered walk-way) which is carried on tall columns. All around are large statues of saints which seem to look down on the thousands of visitors that come to the square every day. The colonnade is in two great arcs that seem to stretch out like loving arms, welcoming people to the Basilica. In recent times some buildings were demolished, making another square, to match the one near the piazza.

The famous architectural historian, Sir Banister Fletcher, said that no other city in the world had given such a wonderful view to people visiting their main church. He said that no other architect except Bernini could have imagined such a noble design. He said it is the greatest entrance to the greatest Christian church in the whole world.

St. Peter's Basilica has many treasures. These include Christian relics, the tombs of popes and many other important people, famous artworks which are mostly sculpture and other interesting things.


Alcúdia

Alcudia is a city on the island of Majorca. About 5,400 people live there. It used to be a fortified city to prevent attacks. Tourism is one of the main resources in the city, especially during the summer, which is known as the high season.


Computer memory

Computer memory is a temporary storage area. It holds the data and instructions that the Central Processing Unit (CPU) needs. Before a program can run, the program is loaded from storage into the memory. This allows the CPU direct access to the computer program. Memory is needed in all computers.

A computer is usually a binary digital electronics device. Binary means it has only two states. On or Off. Zero or One. In a binary digital computer transistors are used to switch the electricity on and off. The computer's memory is made from lots of transistors. 

Each on/off setting in the computer's memory is called a binary digit or bit. A group of eight bits is called a byte. A byte is made from two nibbles of four bits each. Computer scientists made up the words "bit" and "byte". The word "bit" is short for "binary digit". It takes "bi" from binary and adds the "t" from digit. A collection of bits was called a bite. The computer scientists changed the spelling to "byte" to avoid confusion. When the computer scientists needed a word for half a byte, they thought "nibble", as in "half a bite", would be a fun word to choose.

A byte of memory is used to store a code to represent a character such as a number, a letter or a symbol. Eight bits can store 256 different codes. This was thought enough and a byte became fixed at eight bits. 
This allows the ten decimal digits, 26 lower-case letters, 26 upper-case letters and many symbols. 
Early computers used six bits to a byte. This gave them 64 different codes. These computers did not have lower-case letters. 

Computer scientists had to agree on which code would represent each character. Most modern computers use ASCII, the "American Standard Code for Information Interchange". In ASCII each code is eight bits – any combination of 0s and 1s – and form one character. The letter A is denoted by the code 01000001.

To allow for all the different characters in all the worlds languages, modern computers need more than 256 different characters. Another code system called Unicode allows for 1,112,064 different characters by using from one to four bytes for each character.

The computer's CPU can access each individual byte. It uses an address for each byte. Computer memory addresses start at zero and go up to the biggest number the computer can use. Older computers were limited in how much memory they could address. 32-bit computers can address up to 4GB of memory. Modern computers use 64 bits and could address up to 18,446,744,073,709,551,616 bytes = 16 exabytes of memory.

The numbers that computers use can get very large. To make it easier, the unit K (for kilobyte) or Ki (for kibibyte) can be used. In computer memory numbers are powers of two. One Kibibyte is two to the power of 10, that is 2 x 2 x 2 x 2 x 2 x 2 x 2 x 2 x 2 x 2 and written as 2 = 1024 bytes. For example, 64 Kibibytes, written as 64KiB or 64KB, of memory is the same as 65,536 bytes (1,024 × 64 = 65,536). For larger memory capacities, the units "megabyte" (MB) or "mebibyte" (MiB) and "gigabyte" (GB) or "gibibyte" (GiB) are used. One megabyte of computer memory means 2 bytes or 1024KB, which is 1,048,576 bytes. One gibibyte means 2 bytes or 1024MB. 

The numbers are multiples of two. This is why a kilobyte of memory is 1024 bytes and not 1000 as would be the case for kilogram. To try to avoid this confusion the International Electrotechnical Commission (IEC) use the names kibibyte, mebibyte, and gibibyte for binary powers. They use kilobyte, megabyte, and gigabyte to mean powers of 10. The Joint Electron Device Engineering Council (JEDEC) have kept the older names. To make it worse the sizes of computer storage, such as hard disk drives (HDD), are measured in powers of ten. So a 500GB disk drive is 500 x 1000 x 1000 x 1000 bytes. This is a lot less that 500GB of memory which is 500 x 1024 x 1024 x1024. Most computer scientists still use the old names and have to remember that the units are different when talking about memory and storage devices.

There are some programs and instructions which the computer will always need. Read only memory (ROM) is the permanent memory which is used to store these important control programs and systems software to perform functions such as booting up or starting up programs. ROM is non-volatile. That means the contents are not lost when the power is switched off. Its contents are written when the computer is built, but in modern computers, the user can change the contents using special software.

Random access memory (RAM) is used as the working memory of a computer system. It stores input data, intermediate results, programs, and other information temporarily. It can be read and/or written. It is usually volatile, which means that all data will be lost when the power is turned off. In most cases it is loaded again from the hard disk which is used as data storage.

Non-volatile memory is computer memory that keeps the stored information when not powered.
Examples of non-volatile memory include:

It can sometimes refer to computer storage. These are always non-volatile. 
Examples inlcude:

Dio

Dio was an American heavy metal band. It was founded by Ronnie James Dio in 1983 after he left Black Sabbath. He left the band because of an argument with Tony Iommi and Geezer Butler over the mixing of Live Evil and took Vinny Appice with him. He also left Sabbath because he wanted to make his own music. He took Vinny Appice with him. Appice stayed in the band until 1988. He and Ronnie joined Sabbath again in 1992. They toured with Sabbath as well. They both left the band again, and made music until 1996.

The band made 10 studio albums. Dio had many different members. Ronnie James Dio was the only person to stay in the band. Some of the people who have played in the band are Vivian Campbell, Craig Goldy, and Doug Aldrich. The band was put on hiatus in 2006 when Dio joined Heaven and Hell. They released one song and started work on a new album.Those plans were demolished after the band officially broke up in 2010 when Dio died from stomach cancer. He was 68 years old.

Dio sold more than 20 million albums. Their most popular albums are "Holy Diver" (1983) and "The Last in Line" (1984). These albums were certified platinum by the RIAA. Many of their albums have been on the "Billboard" 200, an American music chart.


Setebos (moon)

Setebos is one of the farthest retrograde non-spherical moons of Uranus. It was found on 1999-07-18 by John J. Kavelaars "et al." and designated S/1999 U 1.

Confirmed as Uranus XIX it is named after the god worshipped by Caliban and Sycorax in William Shakespeare's play "The Tempest".

The orbital parameters suggest that it may belong, together with Sycorax and Prospero to the same dynamic cluster, suggesting common origin. However, this suggestion does not appear to be supported by the observed colours. The moon appears grey in the visible light, similar to Prospero but different from Sycorax (which is "light red").



Hydroelectricity and dams in the Dominican Republic

There are many hydroelectric plants in the Dominican Republic, which is composed of rivers, lakes, streams, and several waterfalls.

"Note:" 


Culebra, Puerto Rico

Isla Culebra () (Snake Island) is an island-municipality of Puerto Rico originally called Isla Pasaje and Isla de San Ildefonso. It is located about seventeen miles east of the Puerto Rican mainland, twelve miles west of St. Thomas and nine miles north of Vieques. Culebra is spread over 5 wards and Culebra (Dewey) Pueblo (The downtown area and the administrative center of the city). The island is also known as Isla Chiquita (Little Island) and Ultima Virgen (Last Virgin). Residents of the island are known as "Culebrenses".


Vieques, Puerto Rico

Vieques (English pronunciation: "vee-AY-kayz" or "-kez"), in full Isla de Vieques, is an island-municipality of Puerto Rico in the northeastern Caribbean. Like mainland Puerto Rico the island is US territory, though it retains strong Spanish influences from 400 years of Spanish ownership.


Fajardo, Puerto Rico

Fajardo (fah-HAHR-do) is a small city in eastern Puerto Rico. It is on the Atlantic Ocean, north of Ceiba and east of Luquillo. Fajardo has 7 wards and Fajardo Pueblo (The downtown area and the administrative center of the city).


Hurricane Noel

Hurricane Noel was the fourteenth named storm and sixth hurricane of the 2007 Atlantic hurricane season. Noel formed on October 27 from the interaction between a tropical wave and an upper-level low in the north-central Caribbean Sea. It strengthened to winds of 60 mph (95 km/h) before making landfall on western Haiti and the north coast of eastern Cuba. It turned northward, and on November 1 it attained hurricane status. The hurricane accelerated northeastward after crossing the Bahamas, and on November 2 it became an extratropical cyclone. (The Canadian Hurricane Centre classified Noel as a post-tropical storm until 2200 UTC November 4 when it determined that it had lost all tropical characteristics.)

The storm caused at least 169 deaths along its path, primarily in Hispaniola, due to flooding and mudslides. It was the deadliest Atlantic hurricane of the 2007 season. After its transition to post-tropical, Noel became a very strong low pressure system causing flooding and wind damage over Maine and Eastern Canada. It even dropped snow over some areas of Eastern Quebec and Labrador.

The name Noel was retired in May 2008 and replaced by Nestor for the 2013 Atlantic hurricane season.


Storm history of Hurricane Wilma

The meteorological history of Hurricane Wilma, the strongest tropical cyclone known in the Western Hemisphere, began in the second week of October 2005. A big weather system formed across much of the Caribbean Sea and slowly organized to the southeast of Jamaica. By late on October 15, the system was became strong for the National Hurricane Center to name it Tropical Depression Twenty-Four.

The depression slowly moved southwestward, and in conditions that were good for strengthening, it strengthened into Tropical Storm "Wilma" on October 17. In the beginning, development was slow because of its large size, although thunderstorms slowly organized. From October 18, and over the next day, Wilma underwent explosive deepening over the open waters of the Caribbean; in a 30-hour period, the system's central atmospheric pressure dropped from 982 mbar (29.00 inHg) to the record-low value of 882 mbar (26.05 inHg), while the winds increased to 185 mph (300 km/h). At its strongest, the pinhole eye of Wilma was about 3 miles (5 km) in diameter, the smallest known eye in an Atlantic hurricane. After the inner eye died off because of an eyewall replacement cycle, Wilma weakened to Category 4 status, and on October 21, it made landfall on Cozumel and on the Mexican mainland with winds of about 150 mph (240 km/h).

Wilma weakened over the Yucatán Peninsula, and reached the southern Gulf of Mexico before speeding up northeastward. Despite increasing amounts of wind shear, the hurricane re-strengthened to hit Cape Romano, Florida as a major hurricane. Wilma weakened as it quickly crossed the state, and entered the Atlantic Ocean near Jupiter, Florida. The hurricane again re-intensified before cold air and wind shear penetrated the inner core of convection. On October 26, it turned into an extratropical cyclone, and the next day, the remnants of Wilma were absorbed by another extratropical storm over Atlantic Canada.

The origin of Hurricane Wilma is complicated. During the second week of October, an unusually large, monsoon-like lower-level circulation and a large area of disturbed weather developed over much of the Caribbean Sea. The system was enhanced by diffluence—the rate at which a fluid moves—from an upper-level low across the southwestern Atlantic. By October 13, a broad area of low pressure developed and persisted about 150 miles (240 km) southeast of Jamaica, possibly aided by the passage of tropical waves through the area at the time. Convection increased and became slightly better organized, though upper-level wind shear originally stopped development. The system moved westward, and early on October 14 the convection became more concentrated and a little better organized as upper-level wind shear lessened slightly.

Later on October 14, the system became much better organized, with increasingly organized shower and thunderstorm activity, as conditions in the upper levels of the atmosphere became significantly more favourable. It was then that the National Hurricane Center first said that it was possible for a tropical depression to develop in the area. Dvorak classifications were initiated on October 15. The system continued to organize, with the National Hurricane Center remarking the system could ultimately become a hurricane. By late on October 15, the surface circulation became defined well-enough, with enough organized deep convection, for the National Hurricane Center to designate the system as "Tropical Depression Twenty-Four" while it was about 220 miles (345 km) east-southeast of Grand Cayman.

The depression tracked slowly westward, a motion due to weak steering currents caused by a high pressure system to its north across the Gulf of Mexico. Initially, the center of circulation was broad without a defined inner core. Originally, the tropical depression was forecast to drift west-southwestward before turning to the north; within 120 hours of the forecast the system was predicted to be about 80 miles (130 km) south of the Isle of Youth as a 105 mph (170 km/h) hurricane. The National Hurricane Center noted in the first advisory on the depression that there were "all indications that there could a dangerous hurricane in the northwestern Caribbean Sea in 3 to 5 days." This was due to the depression being in an environment very ideal for development, specifically low amounts of wind shear and very warm water temperatures.

As Tropical Depression Twenty-Four drifted southwestward, it steadily organized; by early on October 16, rainbands began to slowly consolidate with well-established outflow, and a large upper-level anticyclone developed over the depression. Although deep convection and banding features increased, mid-level dry air from the north prevented significant organization, and the convection was split into two primary areas. Surface buoy reports indicated that, due to its large size, the system failed to strengthen beyond tropical depression status, even though it received tropical storm strength Dvorak classifications from The National Hurricane Center's Tropical Analysis and Forecast Branch and the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration's Satellite Analysis Branch. Continued reconnaissance flights reported peak winds of about 30 mph (50 km/h).

By early on October 17, the outer rainbands, which had previously controlled the structure of the cyclone, dissipated, while deep convection developed near and to the south of the center. Computer models predicted steady strengthening as the depression moved westward before turning to the north. Deep convection continued to develop to the south of the center, and the depression strengthened into Tropical Storm Wilma at 0600 UTC on October 17, while about 200 miles (320 km) southeast of Grand Cayman. Right after becoming a tropical storm, the National Hurricane Center predicted Wilma to track west-northwestward, reaching winds of 105 mph (170 km/h) before striking the northeastern portion of the Yucatán Peninsula. The storm continued to the southwest while deep convection laid near the center. Late on October 17, a Hurricane Hunters flight into Wilma recorded winds of 50 mph (80 km/h), but an unusually low pressure of 989 mbar (29.21 inHg), which would be more typical of a minimal hurricane. This was because of a number of unusual low pressures across the region, which resulted in a lesser pressure gradient and thus lighter winds. Convection continued to develop near the center and became much more symmetrical.
Tropical Storm Wilma began to turn to the west-northwest on October 18, during which the storm developed a small, intermittent and ragged eye feature as well as a mid-level eye feature. At 1200 UTC on October 18, Wilma strengthened into a Category 1 hurricane while about 225 miles (360 km) south-southeast of Grand Cayman. Shortly after reaching hurricane strength, the hurricane began undergoing explosive deepening, after the development of a "pinhole" eye 9 miles (14 km) in diameter. This small eye was surrounded by a ring of deep convection, with cloud-top temperatures of about -125 °F (-87 °C).

Early on October 19, Wilma attained major hurricane status while continuing to rapidly intensify, and by 0600 UTC, the storm's maximum sustained winds increased to 170 mph (275 km/h), making Wilma a dangerous Category 5 hurricane on the Saffir-Simpson Hurricane Scale. In the span of just 24 hours, Wilma had intensified from a 70-mph (110-km/h) tropical storm to a 175-mph (280-km/h) Category 5 hurricane, an event that has never happened before for an Atlantic hurricane. The eye continued to contract to a diameter of about 3 miles (5 km), the smallest known eye in an Atlantic hurricane, and at 1200 UTC on October 19, Wilma reached peak winds of 185 mph (300 km/h). The central pressure quickly dropped 54 mbar (1.65 inHg) from 0000 to 0600 UTC.

At 0800 UTC, a Hurricane Hunters flight recorded a minimum central pressure of 884 mbar (26.10 inHg) in a dropsonde near the center of the extremely small eye. As the dropsonde did not reach the calm winds in the center, the pressure was estimated at 882 mbar (26.05 inHg), the lowest pressure in an Atlantic hurricane on record. The pressure continued to fall as the Hurricane Hunters left the hurricane, and it is possible the pressure was a little bit lower. Operationally, the peak intensity was estimated at 175 mph (280 km/h). At the time of its peak intensity, hurricane-force winds extended only 50 miles (85 km) from the small center of Wilma, with tropical storm force winds extending only about 160 miles (260 km).

Shortly after peaking in intensity, the coldest cloud tops surrounding the eye warmed a little bit and an outer eyewall began to form, meaning that an eyewall replacement cycle was happening. By late on October 19, the winds in Hurricane Wilma decreased to 160 mph (260 km/h) as the inner 5 mile (8 km) wide eye weakened and the wind field expanded. Early on October 20 the hurricane weakened to Category 4 status after the small, inner eye dissipated and the 45 mile wide outer eyewall became the new eye. At the time, the pressure measured 892 mbar (26.34 inHg), the lowest known pressure for a Category 4 hurricane, and Wilma retained the large eyewall as it turned northwestward. Originally, the hurricane was forecasted to re-intensify into a Category 5 hurricane, with one forecast predicting it to make landfall on the Yucatán Peninsula with winds of 165 mph (265 km/h), though Wilma remained a strong Category 4 hurricane as it tracked northwestward.

Steering currents stayed weak, though a series of troughs eroded the high pressure system across the Gulf of Mexico, resulting in a turn towards the north-northwest. Environmental conditions remained favorable, with the eye becoming more distinct early on October 21. At about 2145 UTC on October 21, Wilma made landfall on the island of Cozumel with winds of 150 mph (240 km/h). It weakened a little bit as it continued northwestward, and struck the Mexican mainland near Puerto Morelos at 0330 UTC on October 22, with winds of 135 mph (215 km/h) and gusts of up to 170 mph (270 km/h).

On October 22, the mid-level ridge to the north of Wilma later dissipated, leaving the hurricane moving northward across the northeastern Yucatán Peninsula. As the hurricane moved farther inland, the eye became cloud-filled as the deepest convection began to warm, and the winds slowly weakened during its passage over land. About 26 hours after making landfall on Cozumel, Wilma emerged into the southern Gulf of Mexico near Cabo Catoche with winds of about 100 mph (160 km/h). After reaching open waters, Reconnaissance Aircraft reported the remains of an inner eyewall and an outer eyewall measuring between 70 and 90 miles (110 to 145 km) in diameter. Convection deepened around the eyewalls, and the inner core of convection, which had previously become disrupted over land, became a little bit more organized.

A powerful eastward-moving mid-level trough across the central United States turned the hurricane northeastward and caused it to gradually speed up. Vertical wind shear increased as strong upper-level southwesterly flow increased, though in spite of the shear Wilma continued to intensify. Early on October 24, Wilma re-gained major hurricane status while about 120 miles (195 km) west-southwest of Key West, Florida. It slowly became better organized, with the large 50 mile (80 km) eye becoming very distinct on satellite and radar imagery. Wilma was able to retain its strength because large eyes in tropical cyclones are more stable and more resistant to vertical wind shear. Despite wind shear values of about 30 mph (48 km/h), Wilma strengthened further to reach winds of 125 mph (200 km/h). It weakened a little bit as it approached Florida, and made landfall at Cape Romano with winds of 120 mph (195 km/h) at around 1030 UTC on October 24.

Hurricane Wilma crossed the Florida peninsula in about 4.5 hours while continuing to speed northeastward, and entered into the Atlantic Ocean as a weakened 110 mph (175 km/h) hurricane near Jupiter. A vigorous cold front associated with the mid-level trough moved across the area to the west of Wilma, yet the cooler and drier air behind the front could not fully penetrate the inner core of the hurricane to weaken it. Shortly after exiting the Florida coastline, Wilma began to re-intensify, believed to be due to a reduction of friction of the eyewall and warm waters of the Gulf Stream. Early on October 25, the hurricane reached a secondary peak intensity of 125 mph while about 340 miles (545 km) east of Jacksonville, Florida. During the time, the large circulation of Wilma absorbed smaller Tropical Depression Alpha over the Bahamas. Shortly thereafter, the wind shear combined with its rapid forward motion of 50 mph (80 km/h) resulted in a slow weakening trend. The overall cloud pattern began to be disorganized, with the eye becoming less visible and the convection less symmetric. By 1170 UTC on October 25, the center was to the northwest of the primary convection as cold air from the southwest disturbed the circulation. The remaining convection continued to diminish, and early on October 26 Wilma turned into an extratropical cyclone while about 230 miles (370 km) southeast of Halifax, Nova Scotia. The extratropical remnant continued east-northeast before being absorbed by another extratropical storm on October 27.



Top Chef

Top Chef is a television reality competition show. It is shown on Bravo Television on cable. The first season was hosted by Katie Lee Joel. Other seasons were hosted by Padma Lakshmi. Tom Colicchio is the head judge. Every episode, they invite a 'guest judge' to come and help judge the dishes with Padma Lakshmi (or Gail Simmons, when Padma cannot be there) and Tom Colicchio. Gail Simmons is a judge. Tim Allen was a judge. Some past guest judges are: Anthony Bourdain, Rocco DiSpirito, and many others.

Wilma

Wilma is a female given name. It is a short form of the German name Wilhelmina. The name means "protector". Wilma is a moniker that has endured for centuries and boasts a fascinating past. Its roots can be traced back to the Germanic language and the name Wilhelm, which combines "will" or "desire" with "helmet" or "protection." The male version of the name is Will, short for William. This is a unique name (not in the top 1000 newborn names in the US in 2021).



Cozumel

Cozumel (Mayan: "Island of the Swallows") is an island in the Caribbean Sea off the eastern coast of Mexico's Yucatán Peninsula, opposite Playa del Carmen. It is one of the eight municipalities "(municipios)" of the state of Quintana Roo. Cozumel is a popular tourist destination renowned for its scuba diving. The main town on the island is San Miguel de Cozumel.

The island is about 48 km (30 miles) north-south and 16 km (10 miles) east-west, and is the largest Atlantic island of Mexico. It is about 20 km (12 miles) from the mainland, and some 60 km (36 miles) south of Cancún. The vast majority of the population of Cozumel lives in the town of San Miguel (pop. 71,401 in 2005), which is on the western shore. The rest of the island is low, flat, and densely vegetated.


Cape Romano

Cape Romano is a cape at the southern end of Caxambas Island, just south of Marco Island and northwest of the Ten Thousand Islands in Collier County, Florida. Cape Romano was also the spot where Hurricane Wilma made its first U.S. landfall in October 2005.

Calusa Indians declared-ownership of the area and called it Manataca. Juan Ponce de León made a short stop at Manataca on his first visit from Puerto Rico to Florida, but the Indians tried to fight him off.

Cape Romano was the spot where Hurricane Wilma first reached land in the U.S. October 2005. Tropical Storm Fay also reached land here in 2008.

Jupiter, Florida

Jupiter is a town in Palm Beach County, Florida, USA. It is named after the Roman god Jupiter. The town is a suburb of Miami.

According to the United States census, there were 61,047 people living in Jupiter in 2020. Some famous people who were born in or lived in Jupiter are: Tori Amos, Celine Dion, and Burt Reynolds.


Atlantic Canada

Atlantic Canada, also known as the Atlantic provinces, is the region of Canada which is made up of four provinces on the Atlantic coast: the three Maritime provinces – New Brunswick, Nova Scotia, and Prince Edward Island – and Newfoundland and Labrador. The population of the Atlantic provinces was 2,324,893 in 2007. 


Tomb

A tomb () is a place built to bury dead bodies, usually more elaborate and expensive than a grave. It is often intended to honor the dead, and be visited by the living. A tomb (from Greek τύμβος "tymbos") is generally any structurally enclosed space or chamber used for housing the remains of the dead, and sometimes their possessions. The word is used in a broad sense to encompass a number of such types of places of burial.

Tombs were used in the Ancient Egyptian period where the bodies or possessions of Pharaohs were stored or buried inside a pyramid after mummification, where the pharaohs’ bodies would have their organs removed, their bodies covered with salt and then wrapped in bandages and a portrait panel of the pharaoh placed over the face, or death mask. 

Ferdinand (moon)

Ferdinand is the farthest retrograde non-spherical moon of Uranus. It was found by Matthew J. Holman, John J. Kavelaars, Dan Milisavljevic, and Brett J. Gladman on August 13, 2001 and given the designation S/2001 U 2.

Despite being seen again on September 21 and November 15 and even a year later on August 13 and September 5, 2002, it was eventually lost. It was finally refound on September 24, 2003 by Scott S. Sheppard on images taken by David C. Jewitt and himself on August 29-30 and September 20 of that year. Confirming observations were made by Holman on September 30.

Designated Uranus XXIV it was named after the son of the King of Naples in William Shakespeare's play "The Tempest".

Ferdinand is the farthest known moon of Uranus. It follows a retrograde, fairly inclined but very eccentric orbit.
The diagram illustrates the orbital parameters of the retrograde non-spherical moons of Uranus (in polar co-ordinates) with the eccentricity of the orbits represented by the segments extending from the pericentre to the apocentre.



Nix (moon)

Nix is a non-spherical moon of Pluto. It was found along with Hydra in June 2005 by the Hubble Space Telescope Pluto Companion Search Team.

The discovery images were taken on May 15, 2005 and May 18, 2005; the moons were independently found by Max J. Mutchler on June 15, 2005 and Andrew J. Steffl on August 15, 2005. The discoveries were announced on October 31, 2005, after confirmation from photographs archived in 2002. The moon were designated S/2005 P 1 (Hydra) and S/2005 P 2 (Nix).

The moon follows a circular orbit in the same plane as Charon. It takes 24.9 days to circle around Pluto.

Before its size was directly measured, the moon was calculated to have a diameter of between 46 km, if its reflectivity is similar to Charon's 35%, and 137 km, if it had a reflectivity of 4%, like the darkest Kuiper belt objects. Nix is slightly fainter than Hydra, suggesting that it is somewhat smaller in size. In the discovery image, Nix is 6,300 times fainter than Pluto.

Early research appeared to show that Nix was reddish like Pluto and unlike the other moons, but more recent reports have been that it is grey like the remaining moons.

Nix was visited along with Pluto by the "New Horizons" mission in 2015.

The formal name "Nix", from the Greek goddess of darkness and night, and mother of Charon, was announced on June 21, 2006 on IAU Circular 8723, where the designation Pluto II is also given. Together with Hydra, Pluto's third moon, the initials are those of the "New Horizons" probe. The initial proposal was to use the Classical spelling Nyx, but to avoid confusion with the asteroid 3908 Nyx, this was changed to "the Egyptian spelling of the Greek name".


Anticyclone

In meteorology, an anticyclone (that is, opposite to a cyclone) is a weather event where there is a downward movement of air and a high pressure area over the part of the planet's surface affected by it. It usually indicates clear skies. It has steady and calm wind moving away from its eye (cyclone).


Dvorak technique

The Dvorak technique (developed in 1974 by Vernon Dvorak) is a widely used system to subjectively estimate tropical cyclone intensity based solely on visible and infrared satellite images. Several agencies issue Dvorak numbers for cyclones of sufficient intensity. These include the National Hurricane Center's Tropical Analysis and Forecast Branch (TAFB), the NOAA/NESDIS Satellite Analysis Branch (SAB), the Joint Typhoon Warning Center at the Naval Pacific Meteorology and Oceanography Center in Pearl Harbor, Hawaii, and the Air Force Weather Agency (AFWA).


Grand Cayman

Grand Cayman is the largest of the three Cayman Islands at about 196 km² and contains the capital George Town. Towns on the island are referred to as "districts".

The island is a popular tourist spot because of its coral reefs. Snorkeling and scuba diving are popular activities.


Tägerwilen

Tägerwilen is a municipality of the district of Kreuzlingen in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.

Thundorf, Switzerland

Thundorf is a municipality of the district of Frauenfeld in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.

Tobel-Tägerschen

Tobel-Tägerschen is a municipality of the district of Münchwilen in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.

Uesslingen-Buch

Uesslingen-Buch is a municipality of the district of Frauenfeld in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.

Hydra (moon)

Hydra is the farthest moon of Pluto. It was found along with Nix in June, 2005 by the Hubble Space Telescope's Pluto Companion Search Team, which is composed of Hal A. Weaver, Alan Stern, Max J. Mutchler, Andrew J. Steffl, Marc W. Buie, William J. Merline, John R. Spencer, Eliot F. Young, and Leslie A. Young. The discovery images were taken on May 15, 2005 and May 18, 2005; the moons were independently found by Max J. Mutchler on June 15, 2005 and Andrew J. Steffl on August 15, 2005. The discoveries were announced on October 31, 2005, after confirmation by precoveries from 2002. The moons were provisionally designated S/2005 P 1 (Hydra) and S/2005 P 2 (Nix).

The moon orbits the barycenter of the system in the same plane as Charon and Nix, at a distance of about 65,000 km. Unlike other moons of Pluto, its orbit is only nearly circular; its eccentricity of 0.0052 is small, but significantly non-zero. Its orbital period of 38.2 days.
Although its size has not been directly measured, calculations based on its brightness give it a diameter of between 61 km, if its reflectivity is similar to Charon's 35 percent, and about 167 km, if it has a reflectivity of 4 percent like the darkest Kuiper belt objects (KBOs). At the time of discovery, Hydra was about 25 percent brighter than its sister moon Nix, which led to the assumption that its diameter was some 10 percent bigger. Pre-discovery data from Hubble observations in 2002-3 inferred that Nix was the brighter moon. However, Hubble observations in 2005-6, specifically targeting the dim moons, once again showed Hydra to be a little brighter. Hydra appears to be grey like Charon and Nix, though Pluto is reddish.

Hydra was to be visited along with Pluto by the "New Horizons" mission in 2015.

The name "Hydra" was announced on June 21, 2006, in IAU Circular 8723, along with the formal designation Pluto III. It was named after Hydra, the monster who guarded the waters of Pluto/Hades's underworld in Greco-Roman mythology.


5 Astraea

5 Astraea (written Astræa in the early literature) is a big main belt asteroid. Its surface is very reflective (bright) and what it's made of is probably a mixture of nickel-iron with magnesium- and iron-silicates. The adjectival form of the name, although unused, would be "Astraean" (which also designates a genus of star corals).
Astraea was the fifth asteroid found, on December 8, 1845 by K. L. Hencke. It was his first of two asteroid discoveries. The second was 6 Hebe. An amateur astronomer and post office employee, Hencke was looking for 4 Vesta when he stumbled on Astraea. The King of Prussia awarded him with an annual pension of 300 US$ (1968 dollars) for the discovery.

Photometry indicates prograde rotation, that the north pole points in the direction of right ascension 9 h 52 min, declination 73° with a 5° uncertainty. This gives an axial tilt of about 33°.

Astrea is physically unremarkable but notable mainly because for 38 years (after the discovery of Vesta in 1807) it had been thought that there were only four asteroids. In terms of maximum brightness, it is indeed only the "seventeenth brightest" main belt asteroid, being fainter than 192 Nausikaa and even, at rare near-perihelion oppositions, the highly eccentric carbonaceous 324 Bamberga.

After the discovery of Astraea, thousands of other asteroids would follow. Indeed, the discovery of Astrea proved to be the starting point for the eventual demotion of the four original asteroids (which were regarded as planets at the time) to their current status, as it became apparent that these four were only the biggest of a whole new type of celestial body.

There has been only one seen stellar occultation by Astraea (February 2, 1991).


Fred and George Weasley

Fred and George Weasley are characters in J.K. Rowling's "Harry Potter" series. They are twins and brothers of Harry Potter's best friend Ron Weasley; younger than Bill, Charlie, and Percy, but older than Ginny and Ron. They're in the middle of the seven Weasley children. They have red hair and are proud to be Weasleys. In the movies, both twins are tall and skinny. In the books they are described as shorter and stockier than Ron. 

Although these two are not very big characters in the seven-book installment, they play some big roles in a few books. In "Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban", the twins show Harry the Marauder's Map that they found that leads to many useful and helpful things. In "Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix" (their seventh year), the two escape Hogwarts and the new Defense Against The Dark Arts teacher, Professor Umbridge and left a fantastic fireworks show and a giant "W". The students found it amusing and use the phrase "rolling a Weasley" to describe disappointment at something and wanted to go away. Fred and George are also involved in Harry's big study group that is called D.A. (Dumbledore's Army). In the beginning of "Half-Blood Prince", Ron, Hermione, and Harry, followed by Ginny, Mrs. and Mr. Weasley, visit the twins in their new joke shop. They are excited to see them and show all their new joke shop supplies. In "Deathly Hallows", Fred Weasley gets killed outside the room of requirement by an explosion presumably by Augustus Rookwood, breaking the hearts of many Harry Potter fans. George gets his ear accidentally cut off by Severus Snape using Sectumsempra. George marries Angelina Johnson.

Fred and George are usually described as determined, mischievous, and very sneaky. They get scolded by their mother, Molly Weasley for many things that they do (for example, Apparating right in front of her eyes in "Order of the Phoenix".)

The actors who portrayed Fred and George are James and Oliver Phelps respectively. Oliver is actually the older twin, but Fred is older than George. Two differences between the Phelps twins is that Oliver has a mole on the right side of his neck, while James does not and James has a slightly deeper voice than Oliver.

Nanyang Technological University

Nanyang Technological University (NTU) () is one of the two largest public universities in Singapore. It is a fast-rising, research-intensive university with the biggest campus in Singapore and the world’s largest engineering college. Its 200-hectare Yunnan Garden campus was the Youth Olympic Village for the first Youth Olympics in 2010.

NTU’s main Yunnan Garden campus is in the western part of Singapore. It has world-class resources for teaching and research. It also has 16 halls of residence and housing for faculty, staff and postgraduate students, as well as Olympic-training-standard sporting facilities. Announced in 2010, NTU’s Campus Master Plan will transform the grounds into a “univer-city” with a bustling campus centre, new residential halls and trendy spaces for learning, research and play. Besides the Yunnan Garden campus, NTU also has a satellite campus in Singapore’s science and technology hub, one-north. The university is also setting up a third campus in Novena, Singapore’s medical district.

NTU has 33,500 students in the Colleges of Engineering, Business, Science and Humanities, Arts, & Social Sciences. It also has many renowned researchers among its professors. In 2013, NTU will accept its first batch of medical undergraduates at its medical school with Imperial College London, the Lee Kong Chian School of Medicine.

College of Engineering 

College of Science

College of Business 

College of Humanities, Arts, & Social Sciences 

Autonomous entities

Institutes and centres

NTU has more than 70 institutes and centres. Among them are:

NTU has programmes with institutions from around the world. Key partners include Caltech, Carnegie Mellon University, Cornell University, the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Stanford University and the University of Washington in the United States; leading Asian institutions such as Peking University, the Indian Institute of Technology, Shanghai Jiao Tong University and Waseda University; and European institutions like Cambridge University, ETH Zurich, Imperial College London, Karolinska Institutet and Technische Universität München. NTU is also a partner of choice for leading companies and government agencies. Its major industrial partners include Infineon, Robert Bosch, Rolls Royce, Thales, Siemens and Toray Industries.

In 2011, QS World University Rankings ranked NTU among the top 100 universities in the world. The university rose 16 places from its 2010 ranking to occupy the 58th position. This makes it one of the fastest-rising universities in the top 100 on the ranking, as well as the fastest-rising Asian university. On this ranking, NTU is the 12th leading Asian university globally. In 2011, NTU became the first university in Asia to receive the maximum five stars under the QS Stars rating system. Other universities with a 5-star rating include the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Stanford University and the University of Cambridge.

NTU’s College of Engineering is the world’s largest, with research output among the top five globally. It is also the sixth most cited engineering college in the world. Its business school’s MBA is ranked among the top 35 globally. The S Rajaratnam School of International Studies is ranked first among university-related think-tanks in Asia and 13th globally.

Arts and media

Science


ThaMuseMeant

ThaMuseMeant is an American folk rock band from Virginia.

Uttwil

Uttwil is a municipality of the district of Arbon in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.

8 Flora

8 Flora is a big, bright, main belt asteroid. It is the closest "big" asteroid: no asteroid closer to the Sun has a diameter above 25 kilometres or two-elevenths that of Flora itself, and not until the tiny 149 Medusa was found was a single asteroid orbiting at a closer mean distance known. It is the seventh brightest asteroid with a mean opposition magnitude of +8.7. Flora can reach a magnitude of +7.9 at a favorable opposition near perihelion, such as will occur in mid November 2007.

Flora was found by J. R. Hind on October 18, 1847. It was his second asteroid discovery after 7 Iris.

The name Flora was proposed by John Herschel, from Flora, the Latin goddess of flowers and gardens, wife of Zephyrus (the personnification of the West wind), mother of Spring, and whose Greek equivalent is Chloris (who has her own asteroid, 410 Chloris).

Flora is the parent body of the Flora family of asteroids, and by far the biggest member, having about 80% of the total mass of this family. But Flora was almost certainly disrupted by the impact(s) that formed the family, and is probably an aggregate of most of the pieces.

Flora's spectrum indicates that its surface is made of a mixture of silicate rock (including pyroxene and olivine) and nickel-iron metal. Flora, and the whole Flora family generally, are good candidates for being the parent bodies of the L chondrite meteorites. This meteorite type comprises about 38% of all meteorites impacting the Earth.

During an observation on March 25, 1917, 8 Flora was mistaken for the star TU Leonis, which led to that star's classification as a U Geminorum cataclysmic variable star. This mistake was uncovered only in 1995.


Central Nacional de Televisão

Central Nacional de Televisão or CNT is a television network in Curitiba, Brazil. It was created by Paraná state for all Brazil on March 15, 1979.


Dropsonde

A dropsonde is a weather reconnaissance device created by the National Center for Atmospheric Research (NCAR), designed to be dropped from an aircraft at altitude to more accurately measure (and therefore track) tropical storm conditions as the device falls to the ground. The dropsonde contains a GPS receiver, along with pressure, temperature, and humidity (PTH) sensors to capture atmospheric profiles and thermodynamic data. It typically relays these data to a computer in the aircraft by radio transmission. The device's descent is usually slowed by a parachute, allowing for more readings to be taken before it reaches the water beneath.


Pressure gradient

In atmospheric sciences (meteorology, climatology and related fields), the pressure gradient (typically of air, more generally of any fluid) is a physical quantity that describes in which direction and at what rate the pressure changes the most rapidly around a particular location. The pressure gradient is a dimensional quantity expressed in units of pressure per unit length. The SI unit is pascal per metre (Pa/m).


Geophysical Fluid Dynamics Laboratory

The Geophysical Fluid Dynamics Laboratory (GFDL) is a laboratory in the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA)/Office of Oceanic and Atmospheric Research (OAR).


Puerto Morelos

Puerto Morelos is a town in Quintana Roo, Mexico's easternmost state, on the Yucatán Peninsula.

There are two parts to Puerto Morelos. The original coastal fishing village is now a laid-back, mixed-use neighborhood of private homes, hotels, condominiums, restaurants, and tourist shops. The second part is about 2 km inland and adjacent to Highway 307, on the western side. The inland portion is mainly single level dwellings for the local workers.

Cabo Catoche

Cabo Catoche or Cape Catoche, in the Mexican state of Quintana Roo, is the northernmost point on the Yucatán Peninsula. It is about 53 km (33 miles) north of the city of Cancún.

Servicio Meteorológico Nacional

The Servicio Meteorologíco Nacional (SMN) is Mexico's national weather organization. It collects data and issues forecasts, advisories, and warnings for the entire country.


Storm history of Hurricane Ivan

The storm history of Hurricane Ivan, the longest tracked tropical cyclone of the 2004 Atlantic hurricane season, lasted from late August through late September. The hurricane developed from a tropical wave that moved off the coast of Africa on August 31. Moving westward from the effects of a ridge, favorable conditions allowed it to develop into Tropical Depression Nine on September 2 in the deep tropical Atlantic Ocean. The cyclone slowly intensified until September 5, when it underwent rapid deepening and reached Category 4 status on the Saffir-Simpson Hurricane Scale; at the time Ivan was the southernmost major hurricane on record.

Ivan quickly weakened because of dry air, but it slowly reorganized itself, passing just south of Grenada as a major hurricane on September 7. The hurricane strengthened into a Category 5 hurricane while in the central Caribbean Sea. Over next the days its intensity changed largely due to eyewall replacement cycles, and Ivan passed just south of Jamaica, the Cayman Islands, and western Cuba with winds at or slightly below Category 5 status. Turning northward and encountering unfavorable conditions, Ivan slowly weakened before making landfall just west of Gulf Shores, Alabama, on September 16 with winds of 120 mph (195 km/h). The cyclone quickly weakened to tropical depression status as it turned to the northeast, and Ivan transitioned into an extratropical cyclone on September 18.

The remnant low of Ivan turned to the south and southwest, and after crossing Florida on September 21 it began to regain tropical characteristics. It became a tropical depression again on September 22 to the southeast of Louisiana, and Ivan reached winds of 60 mph (95 km/h) before weakening and moving ashore along southwestern Louisiana as a tropical depression; the circulation of Ivan dissipated after crossing into Texas on September 25. The cyclone broke several intensity records, and its duration was the tenth longest on record for an Atlantic hurricane.

On August 31, a large tropical wave moved off the west coast of Africa. A tropical system along the wave axis contained a low pressure area as well as an impressive outflow pattern, though originally its convection was disorganized and limited. By September 1 a cyclonic circulation with a diameter of 690 mile (1115 km) was seen on satellite imagery, well to the southeast of the Cape Verde Islands. As it moved quickly westward, the convection organized and developed into rainbands–bands of showers and thunderstorms that move in a spiral direction towards the center of the storm–and late on September 1 meteorologists began tracking the system using the Dvorak technique. Low amounts of wind shear and favorable outflow allowed strong deep convection to develop and persist near the center, and by 1800 UTC on September 2 the system developed into Tropical Depression Nine about 450 miles (730 km) southwest of Praia, Cape Verde.

After being classified as a tropical cyclone, the depression was embedded within a deep easterly steering current provided by a ridge to its north. Expected to move across sea surface temperatures greater than 82 °F (28 °C), the cyclone was forecasted to slowly strengthen and within four days become a hurricane; the Geophysical Fluid Dynamics Laboratory predicted the depression to reach Category 4 status on the Saffir-Simpson Hurricane Scale within three days. Increased northeasterly wind shear shifted the center to the northeastern edge of the deep convection, and despite the shear and its relatively low latitude of 9.7° N, the depression strengthened to attain tropical storm status early on September 3; upon reaching the intensity, the National Hurricane Center classified the system as Tropical Storm "Ivan".

Tropical Storm Ivan slowly became more organized as wind shear decreased, and its outflow expanded. Satellite imagery late on September 3 showed a well-defined curved band wrapping around much of the circulation. The next day, the deep convection temporarily became disorganized, before reorganizing and developing an eye feature. Ivan became a hurricane at around 0600 UTC on September 5. After reaching hurricane status, Ivan began to rapidly intensify with continued favorable conditions, and in an 18 hour period the pressure dropped 39 mbar (1.15 inHg) as the winds increased by 60 mph (95 km/h); early on September 6 Ivan reached its first peak intensity of 135 mph (215 km/h) while about 825 miles (1330 km) east of the island of Tobago.

The probability for further rapid strengthening was considered nearly nine times the average of a normal hurricane. Accordingly, Ivan was forecasted to pass near Barbados with winds of about 150 mph (240 km/h). Shortly after becoming a Category 4 hurricane, the outer convection of the hurricane became ragged. Hurricane Hunters found a Saharan Air Layer in the northern portion of the eye, leaving the eyewall eroded which caused a marked decrease in winds; by late on September 6 Ivan weakened to winds of 105 mph (165 km/h). The inner eyewall died out as a 23 mile (37 km) outer eyewall became took over, and at the same time, the overall organization of the hurricane improved. Ivan then re-gained major hurricane status as it approached the Lesser Antilles, and at 2130 UTC on September 7 the cyclone passed 7 miles (11 km) south-southwest of the southern tip of Grenada, its closest approach to the island. At the time, the hurricane maintained an eye diameter of 12 miles (19 km), with the northern portion of the eyewall producing strong winds on the island.

Hurricane Ivan again reached Category 4 status as it entered the Caribbean Sea. Subsequently, it underwent another eyewall replacement cycle, and for about 18 hours the intensity stayed the same as it paralleled the northern coast of Venezuela offshore. Another period of rapid deepening began late on September 8 as its motion turned to the west-northwest. Hurricane Hunters recorded flight-level sustained winds of 180 mph (290 km/h) to the north and northeast of the eye, and a dropsonde about 630 feet (190 m) above the surface recorded winds of 200 mph (325 km/h) and an extrapolated pressure of 916 mbar (27.05 inHg). It is estimated Ivan attained Category 5 status at 0600 UTC on September 9, while about 90 miles (145 km) north of Aruba. At the time, the cyclone was forecasted to strike southern Florida as a major hurricane.

After maintaining Category 5 status for about 12 hours, Ivan began a steady weakening trend because of another eyewall replacement cycle until reaching winds of 140 mph (225 km/h) on September 10. Early next day, the hurricane reorganized as it reached winds just al little bit below of Category 5 status. However, the storm weakened again because of another eyewall replacement cycle, and at 0330 UTC on September 11 Ivan passed 23 miles (37 km) south of Portland Point, Jamaica, its closest approach, with winds of 150 mph (240 km/h). The hurricane was previously forecasted to make landfall on the island, though the weakening and a turn to the west kept the strongest winds offshore; the last-minute turn to the west was due to a mid-level high pressure system over the eastern Gulf of Mexico. A slight weakening trend continued, due to its northern outflow being disrupted by an upper-level low over the Bahamas. As it tracked further away from Jamaica, Ivan again rapidly intensified to Category 5 status, and early on September 12 it reached its peak intensity of 165 mph (265 km/h) with a pressure of 910 mbar (26.87 inHg).

Shortly after peaking in intensity, the hurricane again weakened as it underwent an eyewall replacement cycle. At 1415 UTC on September 12 Ivan passed 25 miles (40 km) south-southwest of George Town, Cayman Islands, with winds of 150 mph (240 km/h). After its eyewall became re-established Ivan attained Category 5 status for a third time early on September 13. Shortly thereafter, a trough created a weakness in the ridge to its north, causing the hurricane to turn to the northwest. The combination of the combination of enhanced outflow from the trough and very warm waters allowed Ivan to maintain Category 5 status for 30 hours. Early on September 14 the hurricane passed through the Yucatán Channel about 17 miles (28 km) southwest of Cabo San Antonio, Cuba, with the eastern portion of the eyewall crossing the western portion of the island.

After entering the southern Gulf of Mexico, Hurricane Ivan weakened to Category 4 status by 0600 UTC on September 14. As it slowly turned to the north, southwesterly flow from a large trough over the central United States increased wind shear over the hurricane. An eyewall replacement cycle, along with dry air and restricted outflow, contributed to the weakening. By late on September 14 the weakening trend ceased as the eyewall became better defined, and Ivan was expected to restrengthen a little bit over an area of warmer water temperatures. The eye diameter expanded to 60 miles (95 km/h), though westerly wind shear and dry continued to increase. As Ivan approached the Gulf Coast of the United States, Hurricane Hunters reported erosion of the southern portion of the eyewall, and cooler waters just offshore contributed to further weakening. At around 0650 UTC on September 16, Hurricane Ivan made landfall just west of Gulf Shores, Alabama, with winds of 120 mph (195 km/h). The strongest winds occurred over a narrow area near the southern Alabama and western Florida border.

Upon moving ashore, the National Hurricane Center expected the forward path of Ivan to be blocked, and accordingly forecasted the hurricane to stall in the southern Appalachian Mountains. As the hurricane crossed Mobile Bay it turned to the north-northeast, and within twelve hours Ivan rapidly weakened to tropical storm status. The circulation became less-defined, and early on September 17 the cyclone weakened into a tropical depression over northeastern Alabama. Ivan accelerated to the northeast ahead of an approaching cold front, dropping heavy rainfall along its path. Late on September 18, the remnants of Ivan became an extratropical low as it merged with the cold front over the Delmarva Peninsula.

After becoming an extratropical low, the remnants of Ivan turned to the southeast and entered into the Atlantic Ocean, due to the building of an upper-level ridge to its east. The system turned south and southwestward over the next few days. By September 20, the system was off the east coast of Florida, creating scattered thunderstorms; unfavorable wind shear stopped tropical redevelopment. On September 21 the low crossed southern Florida and emerged into the Gulf of Mexico. As it moved across the warm waters of the region the low began to re-acquire tropical characteristics; the low-level circulation became increasingly better defined, and convection redeveloped over the center. It is estimated the low redeveloped into Tropical Depression Ivan late on September 22 while about 175 miles (280 km) south-southeast of the mouth of the Mississippi River.

In spite of unfavorable wind shear and its disorganized cloud structure, the cyclone strengthened to tropical storm status early on September 23. As an area of deep convection developed over the center, Ivan reached winds of 60 mph (95 km/h), though the winds decreased as thunderstorm activity diminished. Ivan weakened to a tropical depression at 0000 UTC on September 24, and two hours later it moved ashore near Holly Beach, Louisiana.

The storm rapidly weakened over land, and by 1200 UTC on September 24 Ivan degenerated into a remnant low pressure area over southeastern Texas. The low turned to the south and the circulation dissipated early on September 25. The remnant trough reached the northwestern Gulf of Mexico later that day, producing scatter thunderstorms for a short time, before it diminished.

Ivan became the southernmost major hurricane on record after reaching Category 3 status on the Saffir-Simpson Hurricane Scale at 10.2° N. Additionally, the hurricane reached Category 4 and Category 5 status further south than any other Atlantic hurricane. Throughout its existence, Ivan kept winds of major hurricane status or greater for a total of 10 days, establishing an Atlantic hurricane record. Lasting as a tropical cyclone for a total of 450 hours, Ivan was the tenth longest tracked Atlantic hurricane on record. After making its first landfall in the United States, the hurricane spawned a total of 117 tornadoes, which is the largest tornado outbreak caused by a tropical cyclone; this broke the previous record of 115 set by Hurricane Beulah in 1967.



Tropical cyclone scales

Tropical cyclones are ranked according to their maximum winds using several scales. These scales are provided by several bodies, including the World Meteorological Organization, the National Hurricane Center, and the Bureau of Meteorology. The National Hurricane Center uses the Saffir-Simpson Hurricane Scale for hurricanes in the eastern Pacific and Atlantic basins. Australia uses a difference set of tropical cyclone categories for their region. Many basins have different names for storms of hurricane/typhoon/cyclone strength. The use of different definitions for maximum sustained wind creates additional confusion into the definitions of cyclone categories worldwide.

Gulf Shores, Alabama

Gulf Shores is a coastal city in Baldwin County, Alabama, United States. As of the 2020 census, the population was 15,014.


Hurricane Ivan

Hurricane Ivan was the strongest hurricane of the 2004 Atlantic hurricane season. The storm formed as a Cape Verde-type hurricane in early September, and became the ninth named storm, the sixth hurricane, and the fourth major hurricane of the year. Ivan reached Category 5 strength on the Saffir-Simpson Hurricane Scale, the highest possible category and the only one of the season. At the time it was the sixth most intense Atlantic hurricane on record.

Ivan caused great damage to Grenada, which it struck directly at Category 3 strength, and heavy damage to Jamaica, Grand Cayman, and the western tip of Cuba. After peaking in strength, it moved north-northwest across the Gulf of Mexico to make landfall as a strong Category 3 storm in the United States, in Orange Beach, Alabama, causing very heavy damage there. Ivan dropped heavy rains on the southeastern United States as it looped across Florida and back into the Gulf of Mexico. The remnant low from the storm regenerated into a new tropical system, which moved into Louisiana and Texas, causing minimal damage. Ivan caused an estimated $13 billion worth of damage in the United States, making it the fifth costliest hurricane to ever strike the United States.

On September 2, Tropical Depression Nine started. The next day it became a tropical storm and was called "Ivan". Tropical Storm Ivan moved to the west and on September 5 it became a hurricane. Ivan strengthened fast and by the end of the day on September 5 it became a category 3 hurricane. 

Hurricane Ivan weakened a little bit because of wind shear. Ivan strengthened back and became a category 2 and later on, a category 3 hurricane. On September 7, while Ivan was a category 3 hurricane, it passed very close to Grenada. Ivan entered the Caribbean Sea and again strengthened very fast. By the morning of September 8, Hurricane Ivan was a category 4 hurricane, and later on that day, Hurricane Ivan came close to the Netherlands Antilles. 

For about twelve hours on September 9, Hurricane Ivan was a category 5 (the strongest category a hurricane can be). Hurricane Ivan weakened a little bit before it came close to Jamaica on September 10. Ivan strengthened into a category 5 again on September 11 after moving away from Jamaica. At this point, Ivan reached its strongest winds, which were at 165 mph. But Ivan again weakened before it moved close to the Grand Cayman Islands on September 12. 

For just one more time, Hurricane Ivan again became a category 5 hurricane later on September 12. By later on September 13 it entered the Gulf of Mexico and weakened back to a category 4 hurricane. For most of Ivan's trip across the Gulf of Mexico, it stayed as a category 4 hurricane. Later on September 13 it entered the Gulf of Mexico and weakened back to a category 4 hurricane. 

For most of Ivan's trip across the Gulf of Mexico, it stayed as a category 4 hurricane. But by midday on September 15, Hurricane Ivan weakened to a category 3 hurricane. About 2 a.m. Central Daylight Time, on September 16, Hurricane Ivan made landfall in Gulf Shores, Alabama, while winds were at 120 mph. Ivan weakened fast after landfall. 

On the same day Hurricane Ivan weakened to a tropical storm in Central Alabama. Even later that day, in Northern Alabama, Tropical Storm Ivan weakened into a depression. Tropical Depression Ivan stayed as a depression as it moved through several states. On September 18 it almost survived its way back out to the Atlantic Ocean. But Tropical Depression Ivan died on September 18 in Eastern Maryland. 

The remains entered the Atlantic Ocean and moved south. On September 21 the remains of Ivan crossed into Southern Florida. The remains moved west and went into the Gulf of Mexico. About halfway it reformed and became a tropical depression again on September 22 and shortly later, it became a tropical storm again. 

Tropical Storm Ivan weakened back to a depression as it moved close to Louisiana and Texas. On September 24 Ivan made landfall in Cameron, Louisiana and finally died out over Texas on September 24. The remains were last seen in the Gulf of Mexico on September 25.

Ivan killed about 121 people. 1 In Barbados, 2 In Cayman Islands, 4 In Dominican Republic, 39 In Grenada, 17 In Jamaica, 1 In Trinidad and Tobago, 54 In the United States, and 3 In Venezuela. In total, Ivan caused $18 billion in damage, nearly $13 billion was in the United States.
Ivan affected many islands in the Caribbean including Barbados, Cuba, Cayman Islands, Dominican Republic, Grenada, Jamaica, and Trinidad & Tobago. In the Caribbean, Ivan caused about $3 billion in damage. But the damage in the Dominican Republic is unknown. The most damage was to the Cayman Islands, Cuba, and Grenada. $3.5 billion in damage in the Cayman Islands, $1.2 billion in Cuba, and $1.1 billion in Grenada. 

In Venezuela, Ivan caused four people to get killed. The damage in Venezuela is unknown, but on the northern coast, nearly 60 homes were damaged.

The United States got the worst of the hurricane as it made landfall in Alabama. In the United States, about 54 were killed. About 14 died in Florida, 8 were killed in North Carolina, 2 were killed in Georgia, and 1 was also killed in Mississippi. The other 32 were "indirect" deaths. Ivan also caused $13 billion in damage in the United States. In Cruso, North Carolina about 17 inches of rain fell, which was the highest amount recorded from Ivan in the United States. After Ivan reformed and made landfall in Texas, it caused up to 7 inches of rain in Texas and Louisiana.

Because the damage was high, the name "Ivan" was retired in the Spring of 2005. Meaning, the name "Ivan" will not be used for another storm in the Atlantic Ocean. In 2010 the name "Igor" will be used instead.

Ivan could have caused a wave that was nearly 131 feet high. Hurricane Ivan was also at the time, the third costliest hurricane in the United States. It was beaten by Hurricane Katrina, Hurricane Wilma, and Hurricane Ike. So now it is about the sixth costliest hurricane in the United States. Ivan got an ACE total at 70.38 which is the second-highest for an Atlantic hurricane, second only to the 1899 Hurricane San Ciriaco, which had 73.57.



Orange Beach, Alabama

Orange Beach is a city in Baldwin County, Alabama, United States. At the 2020 census the population was 8,095. The city hosts popular annual events such as Viking longboat races, dolphin riding competitions, and para-gliding over the locally famous Bear Point Canyon.

Emma Watson

Emma Charlotte Duerre Watson (born 15 April 1990, in Paris, France) is an English actress and model. She is known for playing Hermione Granger in the "Harry Potter" movie series alongside Daniel Radcliffe and Rupert Grint. 

Outside of "Harry Potter", she has acted in several other movies. She is also well known for her leading role in "Beauty and the Beast". She became the UN Women Goodwill Ambassador in July 2014. As late as 2019, Watson performed in the film adaption of "Little Women," playing Meg. She is also an activist for gender equality.

Emma Watson was born on 15 April 1990 in Paris, to English parents Chris Watson and Jacqueline Luesby. Watson lived in Maisons-Laffitte near Paris until the age of five. Her parents divorced when she was young, and Watson moved to England to live with her mother in Oxfordshire while spending weekends at her father's house in London. Watson has said she speaks some French, though "not as well" as she used to. After moving to Oxford with her mother and brother, she attended the Dragon School, remaining there until 2003. From age six, she wanted to become an actress, and trained at the Oxford branch of Stagecoach Theatre Arts, a part-time theatre school where she studied singing, dancing, and acting.

Emma Watson is the daughter of Chris and Jacqueline Watson. She has one brother, Alex, as well as one stepbrother, Toby, and two stepsisters, Lucy and Nina. 

As Watson has grown older, she has become more interested in fashion. She says that she thinks fashion is like art, which she studied in school. In September 2008, she told a blogger, "I've been focusing on art a lot, and fashion's a great extension of that."

In 2008, the British news reported that Watson was going to be the model for the fashion house Chanel instead of Keira Knightley, but both Watson and Knightley said that this was not true. In June 2009, Watson said that she would be helping Burberry by being a part of their new Autumn/Winter 2009 collection. She was later a part of Burberry's 2010 Spring/Summer campaign with her brother Alex, musicians George Craig and Matt Gilmour, and Max Hurd.

Rupert Grint

Rupert Alexander Lloyd Grint (; born 24 August 1988) is an English actor. He is best known for his role as Ron Weasley, one of the three main characters in the "Harry Potter" series of movies. He was cast as Weasley at age eleven. Before that, Grint had acted only in school plays and his local theatre group. From 2001 to 2011, he starred in all eight "Harry Potter" movies.

Grint started to work outside of the "Harry Potter" franchise in 2002. He had a main role in "Thunderpants". In 2006, he was in "Driving Lessons", a dramedy movie. He was also in "Cherrybomb" in 2010. Grint was in the comedy "Wild Target" with Bill Nighy and Emily Blunt. His first movie project after the "Harry Potter" series was in the 2012 anti-war movie "Into the White." In 2013, his movie "CBGB" was released. That same year, he was cast in CBS's program "Super Clyde". His first work on stage was in "Mojo" in October 2013. It was at the Harold Pinter Theatre in London. In 2014, he was the voice of the character of Josh in "". From 2017 to 2018, he executive-produced and starred in the programme "Snatch", It was based on the movie of the same name. Since 2019, he has been in the Apple TV+ horror series "Servant".

Grint supports several charitable causes. Since 2011, he has been in a relationship with actress Georgia Groome. They have a daughter, Wednesday (born May 2020).


9 Metis

9 Metis is one of the biggest main belt asteroids. It is made of silicates and metallic nickel-iron, and may be the core remnant of a big asteroid that was destroyed by an ancient collision.

Metis was found by Andrew Graham on April 25, 1848; it was his only asteroid discovery. It is also the only asteroid to have been found as a result of observations from Ireland. Its name comes from the mythological Metis, a Titaness and Oceanid, daughter of Tethys and Oceanus. The name "Thetis" was also considered and rejected (it would later devolve to 17 Thetis).

Metis' direction of rotation is unknown at present.

Hubble space telescope images and lightcurve analyses are in agreement that Metis has a non-spherical stretched shape with one pointed and one broad end. Radar observations suggest the presence of a significant flat area, in agreement with the shape model from lightcurves.

What the surface is made of has been estimated as 30-40% metal-bearing olivine and 60-70% Ni-Fe metal.

Light curve data on Metis led to an assumption that it could have a moon. However, subsequent observations failed to confirm this. Later searches with the Hubble Space Telescope in 1993 found no moons.

Metis has been seen to occult stars no less than 5 times.


Ely

Ely is used as a name in several ways including:



ELY may refer to:

Louis IX of France

Louis IX (25 April 1214 – 25 August 1270) also called Saint Louis, was King of France from 1226 to his death. He established the Parlement of Paris. After his death he was canonised (declared a saint) in 1297 by Pope Boniface VIII.

Jean de Joinville was a close friend of Louis and wrote a famous biography of the king, from which we have most of our information about him.

Two other important biographies were written by the king's confessor, Geoffrey of Beaulieu, and his chaplain, William of Chartres. Several other people wrote biographies about the king, but only these three had reliable information.

Louis was born at Poissy, near Paris. He was the son of Louis VIII of France and Blanche of Castile. Louis was eleven years old when his father died on November 8, 1226. He was crowned king the same year in the cathedral at Reims. Because Louis was so young, his mother ruled France as regent while he was a child. 

His younger brother Charles I of Sicily (1227–1285) was made Count of Anjou.

On May 27, 1234 Louis married Marguerite of Provence (1221 – December 21, 1295), whose sister Eleanor was the wife of Henry III of England.

At the age of 15 in 1229, Louis brought an end to the Albigensian Crusade after signing an agreement with Count Raymond VII of Toulouse.

He went on crusade twice, in his mid-30s in 1248 and then again in his mid-50s in 1270. In 1250, after initial success in his first crusade, Louis's army of 15,000 men was met by overwhelming resistance from the Egyptian army and people. Louis and his army were captured by Muslims in Egypt. Later that year, they were released. To be released, he had to give back the land that he had taken over. where he was captured. After his release from Egypt, Louis spent four years in the crusader Kingdoms of Acre, Caesarea, and Jaffe. Both crusades were complete disasters; 

Louis's kindness towards the poor was much celebrated. 

In 1252, Louis attempted an alliance with the Egyptians, for the return of Jerusalem if the French assisted with the subduing of Damascus. In 1253, Louis tried to seek allies from the Ismailian Assassins and the Mongols.

Louis was Catholic, and he built the "Sainte Chapelle" ("Holy Chapel") on the "Île de la Cité" in the centre of Paris. It is thought that the French monarchy was trying to establish the kingdom of France as the "new Jerusalem." 

Louis IX tried to make France, which was seen as being a very religious place, a protector of the Church. It worked, and between the 12th and 13th centuries, France and the pope were very close.


During his second crusade, Louis died at Tunis, August 25, 1270, and his son, Philip III, replaced him as king. He may have died either of bubonic plague or dysentery.

His body was taken to the French royal necropolis at Saint-Denis just north of Paris. His silver tomb effigy was destroyed in the 15th century.

The cities of San Luis Potosí in Mexico, Saint Louis, Missouri, Saint-Louis du Sénégal in Senegal, Saint-Louis in Alsace, Lake Saint-Louis in Quebec, and the Mission San Luis Rey de Francia in California.

Many places in Brazil are called São Luís in Portuguese are named after Saint Louis.


Ministry for Intra-German Relations

The Federal Ministry of Intra-German Relations () was a federal ministry of the Federal Republic of Germany. It was responsible for all relations with the East German government. This was because the West German government said there should be only one Germany. This meant they could not use the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, because they could not admit that East Germany was a foreign country.

The ministry was created in 1949 as the Federal Ministry of All-German Affairs (). This ministry was also in charge of matters about the German lands east of the Oder-Neisse-Line which had become a part of Poland. The ministry was renamed in 1969 when Willy Brandt signed a treaty with Poland which said that Poland's western border was along the Oder and Neisse Rivers. This was part of Willy Brandt's ideas of Ostpolitik. At that time Poland was under a communist government. They could not allow West Germany to sign a treaty about East Germany's borders, which is why the treaty says "the western border of Poland" and not "the border between Germany and Poland".

The ministry was abolished in 1991, about one year after German Reunification, after helping with the change to one country. All "intra-German affairs" are now jobs of the Ministry of the Interior. The Minister of the Interior is now also "Commissioner for the New Bundesländer" to show that there is still some work to make all of the states equal.


East Sussex

East Sussex is a county created on 1 April 1974. It is in South East England.

It is bordered by the counties of Kent, Surrey and West Sussex, and to the south by the English Channel.

10 Hygiea

10 Hygiea is the fourth biggest object in the asteroid belt. It is somewhat non-spherical in shape, with diameters of 350 – 500 km. Its mass is estimated to be 3% of the total mass of the asteroid belt.

It is the biggest of the class of dark C-type asteroids with a carbonaceous surface that are dominant in the farther part main belt, which lies beyond the Kirkwood gap at 2.82 AU, and is also the biggest body in this region. Its dark surface and bigger than average distance from the Sun makes it very dim for such a big asteroid when seen from Earth. In fact it is the third dimmest of the first twenty-three asteroids discovered, with only 13 Egeria and the quite small 17 Thetis having lower mean opposition magnitudes.

At most oppositions, Hygiea has a magnitude of around +10.2, which is as much as four orders fainter than Vesta, and will need at least a 4-inch telescope to resolve. At a perihelic opposition, however, Hygiea can reach +9.1 and may just be resolvable with 10x50 binoculars, unlike the fifth and sixth biggest asteroids 704 Interamnia and 511 Davida which are always beyond binocular visibility.

Hygiea was found by Annibale de Gasparis on April 12, 1849 in Naples, Italy. It was the first of his nine asteroid discoveries. It is named after Hygieia, the Greek goddess of health, daughter of Asclepius (Aesculapius for the Romans).

The asteroid was named by the director of the Naples observatory, Ernesto Capocci. He called it "Igea Borbonica" ("Bourbon Hygieia") in honor of the ruling family of the Kingdom of the Two Sicilies where Naples was located. However, by 1852, John Russell Hind wrote that "it is universally termed "Hygeia", the unnecessary appendage 'Borbonica' being dropped."

The name was often spelled Hygeia in the nineteenth century, for example in the "Monthly Notices of the Royal Astronomical Society".

Hygiea's surface is made of primitive carbonaceous material similar to the chondrite meteorites.
It is the main member of the Hygiea family and contains almost all the mass in this family (well over 90%).

Generally Hygiea's properties are the least known out of the "big four" objects in the main belt. Its orbit is much closer to the plane of the ecliptic than those of Ceres, Pallas or Interamnia, but is less circular than Ceres or Vesta with an eccentricity of around 12%. Its perihelion is at a quite similar longitude to those of Vesta and Ceres, though its ascending and descending nodes are opposite the corresponding ones for those objects. Although its perihelion is extremely close to the mean distance of Ceres and Pallas, a collision between Hygiea and its bigger companions is impossible because at that distance they are always on opposite sides of the ecliptic. At aphelion Hygiea reaches out to the extreme edge of the asteroid belt at the perihelia of the Hilda family which is in 3:2 resonance with Jupiter.

It spins unusually slow, taking 27 hours and 37 minutes to complete one rotation, whereas 6 to 12 hours are more typical for big asteroids.

At least 5 stellar occultations by Hygiea were tracked by Earth-based observers, but all with few seeing independent measurements so that much was not learned of its shape. The Hubble Space Telescope was able to resolve the asteroid, and to rule out the presence of any orbiting companions bigger than about 16 km in diameter 


Karl Carstens

Karl Walter Claus Carstens (14 December 1914 - 29 May 1992) was a German politician. He served as the fifth Federal President of West Germany.

Born in Bremen, Carstens studied law and political science at the universities of Frankfurt am Main, Dijon, Munich, Königsberg, and Hamburg from 1933 to 1936. In 1949 he received a Master of Laws (LL.M.) degree from Yale Law School.

Carstens joined the Nazi Party in 1940. This was when he was a law clerk. He said he had to join the party or he would not be treated fairly. But this does not explain why Carstens had joined the SA, another Nazi party group, in 1933.

In 1955 he joined the CDU.

In July 1960 Carstens started to work for the government. He was a secretary of state in the Ministry of Foreign Affairs. In the same year he was also appointed as professor for public and international law at Cologne University. During the Grand coalition government (1966-1969), he was in the Ministry of Defence, and in 1968 he became Director of the Chancellor's Office.

In 1972 Carstens was elected into the Bundestag. He stayed a member until 1979. He often spoke against the left-wing ideas in German society and accused the governing SPD of being to soft on left-wing extremists. He also famously denounced the author Heinrich Böll as a supporter of the Baader-Meinhof Gang.

On 14 December 1976, the CDU/CSU became the largest group in parliament, and Carstens was elected president of the Bundestag.

On 23 May 1979 Carstens was elected as President of the Federal Republic of Germany. Carstens was well known for hiking around Germany during his term in order to decrease the gulf between politics and the people.

In December 1982, the recently elected Chancellor Helmut Kohl deliberately lost a motion of confidence in order to hold new general elections. On 7 January 1983, President Carstens dissolved the Bundestag and called for new elections. In February 1983 the Federal Constitutional Court said that deliberately losing the vote was allowed, so the general elections could take place.

In 1984 he decided not to seek a second term on account of his age and left office on 30 June 1984.


Rena Sinakin

Rena Sinakin (born March 1949) is an American singer, songwriter and record producer. She was educated at the Pennsylvania Academy of the Fine Arts. Sinakin started her career as a singer on Capitol Records. She later went on record on Atlantic/Atco.

During the 1970s, she moved into production. She produced Gladys Knight and the Pips, McFadden and Whitehead and John Lennon's band Elephants Memory.

Goodbye (Eurovision song)

"Goodbye" was the Bosnian and Herzegovinian entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1997.

The song was performed in Bosnian by Alma Čardžić.

The song is about the singer asking her lover not to end their relationship. She suggests many things that he could do, just as long as he does not "say the two words, which mean it's over" (the two words being "Goodbye, darling" – """" in Bosnian).

Norbert Lammert

Norbert Lammert (born 16 November 1948 in Bochum) is a German politician, and a member of the CDU party.

After military service Lammert studied political science, sociology, modern history and social economics at the of Bochum and the University of Oxford (England) from 1969 to 1975. He graduated in 1972 but carried on studying to get a doctorate in social sciences in 1975.

Although he has worked as a lecturer, Lammert became a member of the Bochum City Council in 1975. He was elected to the Bundestag in 1980, and has been a member ever since.

Lammert was a Vice-President of the Bundestag from October 2002 to 18 October 2005, when he became President.

In 2005, he was elected the President of the Bundestag, the German parliament. Even though the President of the Bundesrat acts as deputy for the Federal President, according to the German order of precedence, Lammert, as President of the Bundestag, is Germany's highest ranking official after the Federal President.



Amarna

Amarna ( "al-‘amārnä") is on the east bank of the Nile in the modern Egyptian province of Minya. It is a big archaeological site. It has the remains of the capital city built by the Pharaoh Akhenaten of the late Eighteenth Dynasty (c. 1353 BC), and abandoned shortly afterwards. The Amarna period is the time when Amarna was the capital.

"Amarna" is the Arabic name for the place. The name for the city used by the ancient Egyptians is written as "Akhetaten" in English. It translates to "the Horizon of the Aten" ("Akh-t-Aten").

The Amarna art-style broke with the old Egyptian conventions. It showed its people more realistically. It included informal scenes, such as affection within the royal family or playing with their children. It no longer portrayed women as lighter coloured than men. The art had a realism that sometimes shocks. This art had a more lasting legacy than the religion.


Decomposer

A decomposer is an organism that breaks down long chain polymers from dead organisms into smaller molecules. Decomposers are bacteria and fungi. What they do is use the parts and energy to build up their own materials, which are also organic. 

Decomposers are heterotrophs. This means they use organic substrates to get their energy, carbon and nutrients for growth and development. 

Decomposers break down cells of other organisms using biochemical reactions without need for internal digestion. This is different from detritivores, which actually digest dead organic matter.

Decomposition also involves abiotic decomposition. This is breakdown by chemical processes, such as hydrolysis, or physical processes, such as heat. This turns organic material into inorganic material, and so returns nutrients to the environment.


Saleisha Stowers

Saleisha Stowers is the winner of the 9th season of America's Next Top Model, a model competition on 2007. She was born on January 10, 1986 and is now a model with Elite Model Management. Stowers also won CoverGirl cosmetics worth $100,000 and a cover on a magazine called Seventeen.

Stowers worked at a service counter. She joined a camp by model Tyra Banks called T-Zone because she had no confidence in herself. After the camp, she had more confidence and became more contented as a person. Stowers was in the sixth season of the competition as a minor model with a one-second appearance. She also was a model on Tyra Banks' show.

Stowers joined the ninth season of America's Next Top Model and became one of the 13 girls to become contestants. She dated judge Nigel Barker in the show.

Stowers knew Tyra Banks, which made some people think it was unfair to the other girls. Stowers also was in an advertisement before the contest. The rule states that contestants must not be in advertisements in the previous five years.

Isaac Albéniz

Isaac Albéniz (pronounced EE-saac al-BAY-nith) (born Camprodón, Catalonia, Spain, 29 May 1860; died Cambô-les-Bains, Spain, 18 May 1909) was a Spanish composer and pianist. He wrote a lot of piano music. His best known work is the collection of 12 piano pieces called "Iberia" which have lots of exciting Spanish rhythms. These pieces are very difficult to play. He also wrote several zarzuelas (light-hearted Spanish operas) and he tried to make the zarzuela more serious, but the public did not want that. He helped to make Spanish music more popular in other countries.

Albéniz started to learn the piano when he was three. His elder sister taught him. He was a child prodigy who first performed at the age of four. When he was seven he passed the entrance examination for piano at the Paris Conservatoire, but he was not given a place because they thought he was too young. A year later his father lost his job, so he took his two children on tour so that they could give concerts and earn some money. In 1869 the family moved to Madrid, but Albéniz had an unsettled childhood. He twice ran away from home, giving concerts in various places and even escaping as a stowaway to South America where he visited Argentina, Uruguay, Brazil, Cuba, Puerto Rico and then the USA. He returned to Spain in 1873. By the age of fifteen, he had already given concerts all over the world. After a short stay at the Leipzig Conservatory, in 1876 he went to study in Brussels. In 1880, he went to Budapest wanting to study with Franz Liszt, but Liszt was not there.

In 1874 his sister wanted to become a singer at the Teatro de la Zarzuela. When she did not get a place there she committed suicide.

Albéniz continued to travel all over the world. In 1883, he met the teacher and composer Felipe Pedrell, who inspired him to write Spanish music such as the "Suite Española", Op. 47. The fifth movement of that suite, called "Asturias" (Leyenda), was later arranged for guitar. It is probably the most famous piece for classical guitar. The composer Francisco Tárrega made guitar arrangements of many other piano works by Albéniz. Albéniz once said that he preferred Tárrega’s guitar arrangements to his own original piano versions.

During the 1890s Albéniz lived in London and Paris and wrote mainly theatrical works. In 1900 he started to suffer from Bright's disease and started to write more piano music. Between 1905 and 1909 he composed his most famous work, "Iberia" (1908), a suite of twelve piano "impressions".

His orchestral works include "Spanish Rhapsody" (1887) and "Catalonia" (1899).

In 1883, the composer married his student Rosina Jordana. They had three children, Blanca (who died in 1886), Laura (a painter), and Alfonso (who played for Real Madrid in the early 1900s before becoming a diplomat).

Albéniz died on 18th May 1909 at the age of 48 in Cambô-les-Bains and is buried in Barcelona.

Although he became world famous as a composer and pianist he was not properly appreciated in his own country. The Spaniards were jealous of his international reputation and thought he was a Spaniard who had deserted his country. He spent his last years in Paris where he had many friends including Gabriel Fauré, Vincent d’Indy, Paul Dukas and Claude Debussy.

There are no recordings of his piano playing but he had a very individual style. He was able to put a lot of colour and life into his playing. He had learned a lot from Liszt.

Most of his works are for piano. The "Suite Iberia" is his best work. A lot of the music is based on Spanish folksong.

James Hetfield

James Alan Hetfield (born August 3, 1963) is an American guitarist, singer, and songwriter. He is an original member of the heavy metal band Metallica.

Hetfield married his wife Francesca Tomasi on August 17, 1997. They have three children.

Tyra Banks

Tyra Banks (born December 4, 1973 in Inglewood, California) is an American supermodel and actress. She is hosts her television programs, "America's Next Top Model" and "The Tyra Banks Show".

Tyra is tall. She is the CEO of her own company, TYInc. She was the first African American model to appear on the cover of "Sports Illustrated" Swimsuit Edition. Tyra is the "Youth Correspondent" for the "Oprah Winfrey Show". She signed modeling contract with the Elite Agency when she was 15 years old. Before she signed, Tyra planned on attending Loyola Marymount University.

America's Next Top Model

America's Next Top Model is a reality television series created and hosted by supermodel Tyra Banks. It began in 2003 on UPN. It moved to The CW for its seventh cycle in 2006 when it replaced UPN. After 22 cycles, the show has been canceled with the last episode is going to be aired on December 4, 2015

A group of contestants are chosen to live together in the Top Model House and compete to become America's Next Top Model. Each week, one girl is asked to leave (called 'elimination') because she does not have the standard and ability to become a top model. The elimination is based on a photoshoot or a commercial and the reward challenge is different every week. The last few girls travel to another country (France, Italy, Japan, China, Thailand etc.) to continue the competition. Near the end, they will do a CoverGirl commercial. Then, the last girls appear in a final runway show against each other. The winner is then chosen by the group of judges that includes Tyra Banks and others.

Current Judges:

Previous Judges:

This show has many spin offs, some of them aren't produced anymore. Here are the most important:

Prime Minister of France

The Prime Minister of France is the person who controls the government of France day-to-day. They are appointed by the President of France. 

The current Prime Minister of France is Gabriel Attal. He was appointed by President Emmanuel Macron on 9 January 2024.


François Fillon

Francois Fillon, (born 4 March 1954) is a former Prime Minister of France. He was born in Le Mans. Nicolas Sarkozy gave him the job on 17 May 2007. He resigned on 15 May 2012, following the defeat of Sarkozy in the presidential elections.

In 2017, Fillon ran for President of France and at some point was seen as the front-runner. However, following an embezzlement investigation his popularity decreased and lost the first round to Emmanuel Macron and Marine Le Pen.

On February 24, 2020, Fillon became one of the few Prime Ministers to ever go on !trial. On June 29, 2020, he was convicted of fraud and sentenced to five years in prison.

1986 FIFA World Cup

The 1986 FIFA World Cup was a football sporting event that was held in Mexico in 1986. 24 national teams took part. Argentina won the trophy after beating Germany in the final. Diego Maradona was the best player of the tournament.






Starting with the 1994 World Cup, teams were awarded three points for a win rather than two, to encourage more offensive tactics. Had those rules been in place, Hungary would have finished ahead of Bulgaria for the 15th seed, and Uruguay would have been eliminated. The top four teams qualified for the knockout stage.


Amethyst (color)

The color amethyst is a moderate, transparent purple. It is also known as a deep shade of lavender. Its name is from the stone amethyst. This stone is a form of quartz but it is not always purple. It was a very prized stone before more of it was found.

In a RGB color space, hex #9966cc (also known as Amethyst) is composed of 60% red, 40% green and 80% blue. Whereas in a CMYK color space, it is composed of 25% cyan, 50% magenta, 0% yellow and 20% black. It has a hue angle of 270 degrees, a saturation of 50% and a lightness of 60%.




Sapphire (color)

Sapphire is a deep blue or bright blue color that is a representation of the color of a sapphire. Sapphire gems are most commonly found in a range of blue shades. Other names for variations of the color "sapphire" are blue sapphire or sapphire blue, shown below.

The first written use of "sapphire" as a color name in English was in 1430.


Tobago

Tobago is the smaller of the two main islands that make up the Republic of Trinidad and Tobago. It is in the southern Caribbean Sea, northeast of the island of Trinidad and southeast of Grenada. The island is not hit by hurricanes very often.


Saharan Air Layer

The Saharan Air Layer (SAL) is an intensely dry, warm and sometimes dust-laden layer of the atmosphere which often overlays the cooler, more-humid surface air of the Atlantic Ocean. In the Sahara Desert region of North Africa, where it originates, it is the prevalent atmosphere, extending from the surface upwards several kilometers. As it drives, or is driven, out over the ocean, it is lifted above the denser marine air. This arrangement is an inversion where the temperature increases with height. The boundary between the SAL and the marine layer suppresses or "caps" any convection originating in the marine layer. Since it is dry air, the lapse rate within the SAL itself is steep, that is, the temperature falls rapidly with height.


Portland Point

Portland Point is the southernmost point in Jamaica. It is half-way along the island's south coast at the end of a hilly peninsula. A large bay, Portland Bight, lies to the east of it. 

Yucatán Channel

The Yucatán Channel is a strait between Mexico and Cuba. It is also called the Straits of Yucatán. The channel connects the Caribbean Sea with the Gulf of Mexico. It is just over wide. It is about deep at its deepest point near the coast of Cuba.

George Town, Cayman Islands

George Town, Grand Cayman, is the capital of the Cayman Islands, in the British West Indies. The town has a population of 20,626 (1999 estimates).

Guanahacabibes Peninsula

Guanahacabibes Peninsula is the westernmost point on the island of Cuba. It is in the Pinar del Río Province, in the municipality of Sandino and is sparsely populated. The waters surrounding the peninsula are important lobster and red snapper fishing grounds. It also boasts the category of Biosphere Reserve, listed by UNESCO in 1987. Its western extremity, Cape San Antonio (), is the westernmost point of Cuba.

Mobile Bay

Mobile Bay is an inlet of the Gulf of Mexico, lying within the state of Alabama in the United States. Its mouth is formed by the Fort Morgan Peninsula on the eastern side and Dauphin Island, a barrier island on the western side. The Mobile River and Tensaw River empty into the northern end of the bay, making it an estuary. Dog River, Deer River, and East Fowl River empty into the western side of the bay, and Fish River is across the bay on the eastern shore.

Delmarva Peninsula

The Delmarva Peninsula is a large peninsula on the East Coast of the United States, made up by parts of three U.S. states: Delaware, Maryland, and Virginia. Named as a portmanteau of the letters of the states that occupy it, it is almost 300 by 100 km or about 180 by 60 miles, and is bordered by the Chesapeake Bay on the west, and the Delaware River, Delaware Bay, and Atlantic Ocean on the east.

Delmarva Peninsula is home to beaches like Ocean City, Maryland and Bethany Beach, Delaware

1246

1246 was a common year.



1967 Atlantic hurricane season

The 1967 Atlantic hurricane season officially began on June 1, 1967, and lasted until November 30, 1967. These dates conventionally delimit the period of each year when most tropical cyclones form in the Atlantic basin. The season was fairly average, with eight storms forming.

Hurricane Beulah was the most notable Atlantic hurricane of 1967. A Category 5 hurricane, it killed 58 and made $217 million ($1.2 billion in 2005 US dollars) in damage as it crossed the Yucatán Peninsula and then made landfall a second time near the mouth of the Rio Grande river.

1234

The year 1234 (MCCXXXIV) was a common year starting on Sunday.





Hurricane Beulah

Hurricane Beulah tracked through the Caribbean Sea, struck the Yucatán Peninsula of Mexico as a major hurricane, and moved west-northwest into the Gulf of Mexico, briefly gaining Category 5 status. It was the strongest hurricane during the 1967 Atlantic hurricane season. The cyclone then weakened before moving into Texas as a major hurricane. It spawned 115 twisters across Texas, which established a new record for the highest amount of tornadoes produced by a tropical cyclone. Due to its slow movement over Texas, Beulah led to significant flooding, and caused over $1 billion (2005 USD) in damages. There were 58 fatalities.

Greater Antilles

The islands of the Caribbean Sea, collectively known as the West Indies are sorted by size and location into the Bahamas (or Lucayan archipelago), the Lesser Antilles and the Greater Antilles. The Greater Antilles are Cuba, Jamaica, Hispaniola (composed of Haiti on the west side and the Dominican Republic on the east side) and Puerto Rico. The smaller islands near these four major islands are sometimes also treated as part of the group. This includes the smaller islands thst surrounding the main islands, but are still part of the main island country (e.g. the Republic of Cuba consists of the island of Cuba and several smaller islands around it). The Cayman Islands are also often included in the Greater Antilles because they are close. The Greater Antilles are made up of continental rock, distinct from the Lesser Antilles, which are mostly young volcanic or coral islands.

1930 FIFA World Cup

The 1930 FIFA World Cup was a football sporting event that was held in Uruguay from 13 July to 30 July 1930. Thirteen teams competed in the first World Cup. Seven from South America, four from Europe and two from North America. The teams were split into four groups with the winner of each group entering the semi-finals. The final saw Uruguay winning the trophy after beating Argentina.

This was the only World Cup to not have qualifiers. This is because every FIFA member was invited to join the tournament. Most of the interest came from South America where seven nations entered. This was the most South American nations that had entered the World Cup throughout its history. Few European nations took part because of cost from travelling the Atlantic Ocean from Europe.

Group 1 was the only group to have four teams. They were Argentina, France, Chile and Mexico. Argentina won the group. This was because they won all three of their matches in the group, including a 6-3 win against Mexico. Guillermo Stábile scored 3 goals in that game. Chile finished 2nd, while France ended in 3rd.

Yugoslavia won Group 2. They won both of the matches in their group. They were the only European team to qualify. This was after they won 2-1 against likely winners Brazil in the first game. They beat Bolivia 4-0 in the second game to win the group. Brazil beat Bolivia in the final game by the same score.

In Group 3, the host nation (Uruguay) won both of their games to qualify for the knockout stage. After a one-goal win over Peru, they beat Romania in the last game of the group without giving away a goal. During that match, they scored with four different players in their 4-0 win. The other match in the group saw the smallest crowd at a World Cup with 2,459. The actual figure though is to be around 300 people.

In the final group, the United States won the group with wins against Belgium and Paraguay by the same score (3-0). During the Paraguay game, Bert Patenaude was credited as the first player to score a hat-trick in a FIFA World Cup. The last match of the group saw Paraguay beat Belgium one to nil.

The four winners, Argentina, United States, Uruguay and Yugoslavia met in two games to see who would make the final. In the first match, the pitch had puddles all through the pitch.

 won the championship. Although there was no third place play off, the United States are recognized as coming in third place (and Yugoslavia in fourth place) as the United States had better results in the tournament overall.


1934 FIFA World Cup

The 1934 FIFA World Cup was a football (soccer) sporting event that was held in Italy in 1934. Italy won the trophy after beating Czechoslovakia in the final.



 won the championship.

|

1938 FIFA World Cup

The 1938 FIFA World Cup was a football sporting event that was held in France in 1938. Italy won the trophy after beating Hungary in the final.





Italy won the championship.

|

1950 FIFA World Cup

The 1950 FIFA World Cup was a football sporting event that was held in Brazil in 1950. 
This competition was special compared to other FIFA World Cup tournaments as the winner was decided by winning a mini-league instead of a knock-out game. Uruguay won the trophy after finishing higher than Brazil, Sweden and Spain in the final group stage.




|

1954 FIFA World Cup

The 1954 FIFA World Cup was a football sporting event that was held in Switzerland in 1954. Germany won the trophy after beating Hungary in the final.









FIFA 

1958 FIFA World Cup

The 1958 FIFA World Cup was a football sporting event that was held in Sweden.






Brazil won the championship.








|

1962 FIFA World Cup

The 1962 FIFA World Cup was a football sporting event that was held in Chile in 1962. 16 teams took part from many countries. Brazil won the trophy after beating Czechoslovakia in the final.







Brazil won the championship.

|

1970 FIFA World Cup

The 1970 FIFA World Cup was a football sporting event that was held in Mexico in 1970. 16 teams took part from many countries. Brazil won the trophy after beating Italy in the final. Djibouti did not participate, as it was not yet a country.

The following 16 teams qualified for the final tournament.






Brazil won the championship.

|

1974 FIFA World Cup

The 1974 FIFA World Cup was the 10th FIFA World Cup and it was held in West Germany (including West Berlin) from 13 June to 7 July. The host nation defeated the Netherlands to win their second title.

The following 16 teams qualified for the final tournament.
AFC (0)
CAF (1)
OFC (1)

CONCACAF (1)
CONMEBOL (4)

UEFA (9)

|

Anglo-Saxon mythology

Anglo-Saxon mythology refers to the Migration Period Germanic paganism practiced by the English peoples in 5th to 7th century England before conversion to Christianity.

The Anglo-Saxons, composed of tribes of the Angles, Saxons, Friesian and Germans, arrived in Britain from southern Scandinavia, the Netherlands and northern Germany. It is from these people that the modern English language (Angle-ish) derives. An impression, but only that, of the Anglo-Saxon mythology can be obtained from reading about Scandinavian mythology. The latter was written down much later, by Snorri Sturluson, because Iceland remained pagan until well into the Christian era (c.1000). The Norse of Iceland and the English certainly shared a common ancestry in 6th century Denmark. The Anglo-Saxons were a largely illiterate society and tales were orally transmitted between groups and tribes by the Anglo-Saxon traveling minstrels, the scops, in the form of verse

The chief literary source is Bede, a Christian monk who wrote of the old English calendar in his "De Temporum Ratione". Only a little Old English poetry has survived, and all of it has had Christian editors. The epic poem "Beowulf" is an important source of Anglo-Saxon pagan poetry and history, but it is clearly addressed to a Christian audience, containing numerous references to the Christian God, and using Christian phrasing and metaphor. The monster Grendel, for example, is described as a descendant of the biblical Cain. In fact, the only fragment of poetry dating to the pagan era that has not undergone edits by Christian editors is the "Finnsburgh Fragment".

The Anglo-Saxons believed in supernatural creatures such as elves, dwarves and giants ("Ettins") who often brought harm to men. It is likely that they believed in "Wyrd" (German "werden"), usually translated as "fate," although the modern term fate does little justice to the true meaning of wyrd.

Being a Germanic people, the Anglo-Saxons worshiped the same gods as the Norse and other Germanic peoples. The names are slightly different due to the differences in language among the Germanic peoples. For example, Thunor of the Anglo-Saxons was the same god as Thor of the Norse and Donar of the Germans. Likewise, Woden of the Anglo-Saxons is the same as Odin among the Norse and Wotan of the Germans. 

The Ēse correspond to the Norse Æsir.

Wōden, the leader of the Wild Hunt and the one who carries off the dead, is one of the chief gods of the Anglo-Saxons before the Christian era. He was held to be the ancestor of Hengest and Horsa, two legendary figures from early English history and most of the early Anglo-Saxon kings claimed descent from Wōden. He gives us the modern Wednesday ("Wōden's day").

Þunor, is the god of thunder, who rules the storms and sky. He also protects mankind from the giants. He was the god of the common people within the heathen community. His name gives rise to the modern Thursday ("Thunor's Day").

Frīġ is the goddess of love, wisdom, and sīden magic, and is the wife of Wōden. She is one of the most powerful Goddesses, this position being threatened only by Freya, who might be one in the same with Frīġ as argued by many.

Tīw is the god of warfare and battle, and gives us Tuesday ("Tiu's day"). Some people believe that he was a sky-god figure and formerly the chief god, replaced over the years by Wōden, but is likened to Mars in Roman religion when looking at his known traits. 

Ingui Frēa was one of the most popular Gods, after Þunor and Wōden - there is evidence to suggest that Ingui was the most popular of the Anglo-Saxon deities, his cult later being replaced in popularity by that of Wōden. He is above all the god of fertility, bringing fruitfulness to the crops, herds, and folk. Though he is a fertility god, he is also connected to warfare to a degree; however, this warfare is believed to be defensive, as opposed to offensive, and is not to create havoc. After all, peace is necessary for a good harvest and a productive community, while needless warfare destroys any prospect of peace and fruitfulness. The Yngling royal line of Sweden claimed descent from him. 

Freya, or Frēo, is said to be the most beautiful of all the goddesses, and is therefore described as the goddess of love. She might be the same as Frīġe, however; As Frīġe's is love and marriage. It is likely that Frēo directed Wōden's Wælcyrġe onto the battlefield to claim the dead soldiers. Like her brother, Frēa, she is connected to abundance and wealth; however, her wealth is more thought of as metals and gems. She is also a goddess of magic, having taught Wōden "seiðr", or Sīden in Old English. 

Neorð is Frēa and Frēo's father, and is a god of the seas and commerce. He is called upon by fishermen and sailors who depend upon good seas. Like his son and daughter, his realm is that of wealth; namely, the wealth of the sea. He married the giantess Sċeaþa, albeit the marriage was not successful as neither of them could accept the other's element; Neorð his sea, and Sċeaþa her mountains.

Hengest and Horsa, who are named in historical sources as leaders of the earliest Anglo-Saxon raids and settlements in the south, may also had deific status. The name Hengest means "stallion" and Horsa means "horse"; the horse in the Anglo-Saxon mythology is an important symbol, and there's also the broader Indo European reconstructed Gods, The Divine Horse Twins, who are reflected in many Indo European derived religions. 

Wēland is a mythic smith. Originally, he is an elvish being, a shape-changer like his wife, a swan maiden and Wælcyrge. His picture adorns the Franks Casket, an Anglo-Saxon royal box and was meant there to refer to wealth and partnership. 

Ēorðe, whose name means "Earth," is the wife of Wōden and mother of Þunor. She is also the daughter of the Goddess Niht. Her worship is generally passive, as opposed to active, though she is called on for "might and main." Her latent strength can be seen in her son, Þunor.

Ēostre, according to St. Bede, was a Goddess whose feast was celebrated in Spring. Bede asserts that the current Christian festival of Easter took its name from the Goddess's feast in "Eostur-monath" (April/Aprilis).

Niht is the Goddess of Night, and also the mother of Ēorðe. The Norse night was the daughter of Narvi. She was married three times; the first to Naglfari by whom she had Auðr; the second, to Annar by whom she had Ēorðe; and the third to Dellinger, Dæġ.

Siġel/Sunne is the Goddess of the Sun. Her day is, of course, Sunday.

Since Anglo-Saxon religion a subset of Germanic paganism in general, many of its central practices are also shared by other religions such as the religion of the Norse peoples.




The Germanic gods have affected elements of every day western life in most countries that speak Germanic languages. An example is some of the names of the days of the week. The names for Tuesday through Friday are named after Germanic gods. In English and Dutch, Saturday was named after the Roman god Saturn. This is because the 7-day week was invented by the Romans which ultimately shaped the calendar we use today and the English and the Dutch never substituted a god’s name for this day. Saturday is named after the Sabbath in German, and is called "washing day" in Scandinavia. Sunday and Monday are named after the Sun (or "Sunne" in Old English) and the Moon ("Mōna" in Old English).

Also, many place names such as Woodway House, Wansdyke, Thundersley and Frigedene are named after the old deities of the English people.

J.R.R. Tolkien's The Lord of the Rings was influenced by the myths of the Northern Europeans. As it became popular, parts of its fantasy world moved into how people see the fantasy genre. In almost any modern fantasy novel, you can find Germanic creatures like elves, dwarves, and giants. Tolkien was also strongly influenced by his experiences fighting during the First World War and created his own mythology, drawing heavily from Anglo Saxon myths as well as Welsh. Thus he wrote the books in which he created over 30,000 years of history within The Simarillion, of which the entire Lord of the Rings storyline only takes up a small part of.

Hengist and Horsa

Hengist was a semi-legendary ruler of Kent in southeast England (5th century AD). His name is Anglo-Saxon for "stallion". Horsa, Hengist's brother, was a 5th century warrior who took part in the settlement of Britain.

1978 FIFA World Cup

The 1978 FIFA World Cup was a football sporting event that was held in Argentina in 1978. Argentina won the trophy after beating Holland 3 - 1 in the final.







Argentina won the championship.


Holly Beach, Louisiana

Holly Beach (), is an unincorporated community in Cameron Parish, Louisiana, United States. It is also known as the "Cajun Riviera" (). It is known for crabbing and a drive on the beach. Holly Beach has many beach-front cabins called "camps". Because of the threat of hurricanes, these cabins were "built-to-be-rebuilt" by its residents. Holly Beach is part of the Lake Charles metropolitan area, which had 222,402 people in the year 2020.


Wayland

Wayland was the Germanic god of blacksmiths. In Anglo-Saxon writing, he appears in "Deor", "Waldere" and in "Beowulf" . The legend is shown on the Franks Casket.

Wayland is connected with Wayland's Smithy, a burial mound in Oxfordshire. This was named by the Saxons, but it was there before them. The place has a superstition that says that if a horse is left there overnight with a small silver coin ("groat"), it would have new shoes by morning.

1982 FIFA World Cup

The 1982 FIFA World Cup was a football (soccer) sporting event that was held in Spain in 1982. Italy won the trophy after beating Germany in the final.









Italy won the championship.

|

Penance

Penance is repentance of sins, as well as the name of the Catholic Sacrament of Penance and Reconciliation/Confession. The word "penance" comes from the Latin "poenitentia", the same root as penitence, which in English means repentance, the desire to be forgiven, or contrition: in many languages there is only one single word for it. Penance and repentance were similar in their original sense. After the controversy about the merits of "faith" and "good works" they are seen as conflicting views.

The sacrament of reconciliation, also called penance or confession, is a sacrament in the Roman Catholic Church. It is a way for people to be forgiven of their sins, or things they do wrong. They are reconciled, or brought closer to God. This sacrament heals their soul because all of their sins are taken away. It brings many graces, or blessings and good things, to the person who receives it.

The person who comes to this sacrament must confess, or tell, their sins to a Catholic priest or bishop. It is private, so no one else hears what the person tells the priest. After that, the person says a prayer that shows they are sorry for their sins. Then, the priest says a prayer to forgive them.

Catholic people can come to this sacrament as much as they want. Every Catholic must come to this sacrament at least once a year.

Priests who hear confessions are not allowed to tell anyone what they hear, no matter what. In case of mass penance, anyone who heard what the person told the priest also must not tell anyone what he or she had heard.


Penance (disambiguation)

Penance could mean:


Repentance

In Christianity, Repentance means to renounce a sinful life that the person lived and turns to Jesus to receive his forgiveness. Repenting can also bring healing. (2 Chronicles 7:14) However, to those who never repented, they will all perish. (Luke 13:5)

To you repent you must- Admit to God that you are a sinner. Believe that God sent his one and only son to die for all of our sins. Commit yourself to a life of following Jesus and serving others.


Repentance (disambiguation)

Repentance (in Christianity), an act of admitting all the sin that you've committed and receiving Jesus' forgiveness.

Repentance may also refer to:
Southern All Stars

Southern All Stars are a popular rock music group from Kanagawa, Japan. They got their start in the 1970's, playing music related to surfing and the beach.


Asian Kung-Fu Generation

Asian Kung-Fu Generation (アジアン・カンフー・ジェネレーション, Ajian Kanfū Jenerēshon) is a Japanese pop-rock band signed by Ki/oon Records, a subsidiary of Sony Music Entertainment Japan. They performed the second opening for the anime Naruto.They are called "AKG" or "AKFG."



Agamidae

Agamidae is a family of iguanian lizards. They are indigenous to Africa, Asia, Australia, and there are a few in southern Europe. 

The family has about 350 species in about 50 genera. Agamids usually have scaly bodies, well-developed legs, and a moderately long tail. The average body size ranges from 10 to 15 cm (4 to 6 inches), and the tail is 20 to 30 cm (8 to 12 inches) long, though the family varies widely.

Kanjani∞

Kanjani Eight (関ジャニ∞, "kanjani eito", or Kanjani∞) is a Japanese boy band. The group is made of eight men. The group was made in 2002, and their first CD was released in 2004.They perform concert and release many CD now.
This list contains the names and birth dates of group members


The Gazette (band)



In March of 2002, Ruki, Uruha, and Reita (all former band mates), and Aoi and Yune (also former band mates) formed a band under the name Gazette. Originally signed to Matina, they released their first single, "Wakaremichi", and a video release in April. By September they had released two more singles and another video, headlining a show for the first time in October.

In early 2003, Yune decided to leave the band, and he was replaced by Kai. Shortly after, they signed with the PS Company label, and in May released their first EP, "Cockayne Soup". They started their first tour, with the band Hanamuke, and along with the tour, the bands collaborated on two songs. A second tour followed with the band Vidoll, and the bands were featured together on the November issue of "Cure", a magazine focusing on Visual Kei bands.

In early December they played a co-headlining show with Deadman. On December 28 they performed at "Fool's Mate" magazine's Beauti-fool's Fest which was later released on DVD.

On January 16, 2004 they recorded a solo performance at the Shibuya-AX, which was released on DVD as "Tokyo saihan ~Judgement Day~". On March 30, 2004 they released their "Madara" mini-album, which reached #2 on the Oricon Indie Charts. Madara was followed in May by a companion DVD, which included six music videos and an in-the-studio documentary. The same month, Gazette was featured in Shoxx magazine's "Expect Rush III", a catalogue of independent Visual Kei artists. A second live DVD, "Heisei Banka", was released in August. During September and October they toured with fellow PS Company bands Kra and BIS. Their debut album, "Disorder", was released in October, and made it to the top 5 of the indies Oricon Daily Charts.

The band spent the remainder of 2004 and 2005 touring extensively, releasing "Gama" (another mini album) in August.

In 2005 the band released their first major label single, "Cassis", in December.

Starting 2006 with a name change—from Japanese characters to a romanized script—they released "Nil", their second full-length album, on February 8, 2006, and embarked on another Japanese tour, ending at the venue "Nippon Budokan". That July, The Gazette performed at the Beethovenhalle in Bonn, Germany, their first show outside of Asia. The concerts were arranged in conjunction with the AnimagiC anime and manga convention.

Three more singles were released followed by another studio album, "Stacked Rubbish" on July 4, 2007. It reached #2 on the Oricon charts within a day from the release. The album debut was followed by a promotional tour from July through September. In October, The Gazette started their first European tour stopping England, Finland, France, and Germany.

A new single called "Guren" will be released on February 13, 2008.





Exile (Japanese band)

Exile (written as EXILE, , "") is a Japanese boy band. It has 16 members. Atsushi and Takahiro are the singers, the other members are dancers. Nesmith and Shokichi are in both the singers and dancers category.


Sling (weapon)

A sling is a type of weapon which involves swinging a rock round to gain speed before throwing it. The sling is an ancient weapon which was used in the Roman Empire. A skillful slinger can hit a target 10x10 cm at 20 metres distance. A sling has operational range for some 200 metres.

The most famous user of sling was David, the future king of Israel, who killed Goliath by slinging a stone on his forehead. 

In the Middle Ages, Spanish peasants used slings against Moorish cavalry. A hit on the horse's head could kill the horse.

AnCafe

An Cafe (or Antic Cafe) is a Japanese pop/rock band formed in 2003 and signed to the independent label Loop Ash. They have been described as a visual kei band. As of 2007, the group has released two full-length albums, an EP and several singles. An Cafe recently received two new members, original guitarist Bou being replaced by Takuya and Yuuki joining on keyboard.



An Cafe has been a long time supporter and endorser of popular Japanese fashion label Sex Pot Revenge, as they are frequently seen wearing clothing from that label. They have appeared on the cover of company's free magazine, "V!nyl Syndicate".

An Cafe has gained moderate success in not only Japan, but Europe, mainland Asia (Korea, China) and the United States.



Arashi

Arashi (嵐 in Kanji, meaning "Storm") is a five-member Japanese boy band. They made their debut on September 15, 1999 in Honolulu, Hawaii on a cruise boat. They come from the famous Johnny's Entertainment production group. Their first single was “A・RA・SHI”. In October 2008 they released the single "Beautiful Days" from a TV drama which stars one member, Kazunari Ninomiya. In November 2008 the song topped music charts in Japan. They appear in Arashi ni Shiyagare. It is very famous TV show.
Arashi have released 39 CDs. 35 of 39 CDs reached first place in Oricon chart.
The CD which sold most in the Arashi is A・RA・SHI of first single.
There is 970,000 sales number of that. 

Studio albums
Compilation albums



Kobukuro

Kobukuro is a Japanese male pop band. 

The name is a mix of the two members' family names, Kentaro Kobuchi and Shunsuke Kuroda. 

In 1998, the two met each other in Sakai and formed Kobukuro. 

Kobukuro received moderately successful ratings for their first three indie albums - "" (July 1999), "Root of My Mind" (March 2001), and 'ANSWER' (December 2000). Kobukuro signed with Warner Music Japan in 2001, and made their debut with the hit single, "Yell" which reached #4 on the Oricon Charts. Their newest album is called "5296" (December 2007).

Kobukuro's new single is “STAY”.

Home Made Kazoku

Home Made Kazoku is a Japanese hip-hop trio band, formed in 1996. The members of the band are Micro, Kuro and founding member, DJ U-Ichi. They were very famous, and some of their famous songs include "Thank You" Bleach's 2nd Ending theme "Nagareboshi Shooting Star" 1st Naruto Shippuden ending theme and "No Rain No Rainbow".

Kiroro

Kiroro is a Japanese music group.

The group is made up of two female singers: Chiharu Tamashiro (voices) and Ayano Kinjō (piano). They were both born in Okinawa.

Ai Kawashima

Ai Kawashima (born February 21, 1986, in Fukuoka City, Fukuoka Prefecture, Japan) is a Japan singer-songwriter. Her music was used as an opening theme of the Japanese popular television program "Ainori". She had a dream of becoming a singer since she was a child. Now she is singing for her mother and people who listen to her song, wishing world peace. Her famous songs include "My Love" and "Asuhenotobira."

Greeeen

Greeeen, or GReeeeN, or The Green is a Japanese J-pop group. The group released their first album in 2007. Two of their most successful songs are "Ai uta" and "Kiseki".

GReeeeN is a group of four singers: Hide, Navi, Soh, and 92.

Cocco

Cocco (born January 19, 1977) is a Japanese J-pop singer. Her real name is Satoko Makishi. She was born in Naha, Okinawa.


V6 (band)

V6 is a six people band from Japan. The members are Sakamoto, Morita, Inohara, Miyake, Okada and Nagano. The group is well known outside of Japan. Their sound is very similar of many American pop acts but sung in Japanese.

Metis (reggae artist)

Metis (born March 28, 1984) is a Japanese reggae singer. She is from Hiroshima. She has released one album, "ONE LOVE". Her most famous song is "Umehasaitaka Sakurahamadakaina". 



Bonnie Pink

Bonnie Pink (born April 16, 1973 in Kyoto) is a Japanese singer. She released her first song in 1995. She writes and composes all her songs, and plays guitar and piano. Her most famous song is "A Perfect Sky".

Aya Matsuura

Aya Matsuura (松浦亜弥 "Matsuura Aya", born June 25, 1986) is a Japanese actress, former idol singer and television performer. She is a member of "Hello! Project" of UP-FRONT AGENCY Co. Her nickname is "Ayaya".

She was born and raised in Himeji, Hyōgo Prefecture. In 2000, she passed an audition ("Morning Musume" and "Michiyo Heike Jr." Audition), and debuted as an actress in a short TV play. In 2001, she debuted as a solo singer. She did not joined in "Morning Musume", but became one of the most famous members of "Hello! Project".



Theme song of "Hamtaro the Movie 4" (2004-11-26)

Aqua Timez

Aqua Timez is a Japanese Pop band signed to Sony Music of Japan. This group is made up of 5 members. This group was formed in 2003. Members are Futoshi, OKP-STAR, Daisuke, mayuko and TASHHI.They made their indies debut with the mini-album "Soraippainikanaderuinori" on August 24, 2005. Later,They made their major debut with the mini-album "Nanaironorakugaki" on April 5, 2006.




WaT

2016 Dissolution.

14 Irene

14 Irene is a very big Main belt asteroid.

14 Irene was found by J. R. Hind on May 19, 1851, and named after Eirene, a personification of peace in Greek mythology. She was one of the Horae, daughter of Zeus and Themis. The name was suggested by Sir John Herschel. Hind wrote,
The "Great Exhibition of the Works of Industry of All Nations" in the Crystal Palace of Hyde Park, London ran from May 1 until October 18, 1851.

Hind suggested that the symbol for the asteroid should be "A dove carrying an olive-branch, with a star on its head", but an actual drawing of the symbol was never made before the use of graphical symbols to represent asteroids was no longer used.

There have been four reported stellar occultations by Irene.



Steve Allen

Stephen Valentine Patrick William Allen (December 26, 1921 - October 30, 2000) mostly known as Steve Allen was an American actor, television personality, musician, writer, and comedian best known for his show "The Steve Allen Show".

Allen introduced many new celebrities and performers on his shows, including Jerry Lee Lewis and Jack Kerouac. He also recorded an album with Kerouac, with Kerouac reading poetry and Allen playing piano with a jazz combo.

He was the first host of "The Tonight Show", who was replaced by Jack Parr and then later Johhny Carson. Allen played himself in an all-star comedy movie, "Amazon Women on the Moon".

Allen was born in New York City on December 26, 1921 and was raised in Chicago, Illinois. He was educated at the Arizona State Teachers University. He served in World War II.

Allen was married to Dorothy Goodman from 1943 until they divorced in 1952. Lastly he married Jayne Meadows from 1954 until his death in 2000. He had four children.

He was a Democrat and his wife was a Republican.

Allen died on October 30, 2000 after suffering a heart attack in Los Angeles, California, aged 78.

<br>


Lollipop

Lollipops, pops, or lollies are sweet candies you can lick or suck on. There are many flavours of lollipops, including fruits to soft drinks. In Europe, especially the Nordic countries, Germany and the Netherlands, salty-liquorice or salmiak () flavoured lollipops are also available, but these are largely unknown in other parts of the world. With a lot of companies making lollipops, the candy now comes in dozens of flavors and many different shapes. They range from small ones which can be bought by the hundred and are often given away for free at banks, barbershops, etc., to very large ones made out of candy canes twisted into a circle. There are also bacon flavored lollipops.

Some lollipops contain fillings, such as bubble gum or soft candy. 

Some lollipops have been marketed for use as diet aids, although their effectiveness is untested, and anecdotal cases of weight loss may be due to the power of suggestion.

2007 Formula One World Championship

The 2007 Formula One season was the 58th edition of the championship. Kimi Räikkönen won the championship by one point. Ferrari won the constructor's championship.

The following teams launched their 2007 entries as below.





2006 Formula One World Championship

The 2006 Formula One season was the 57th edition of the championship. The champion was Fernando Alonso in a close battle. Renault won the constructor's championship.

Four prominent names in the sport disappeared for this season, with Minardi, Sauber, BAR and Jordan withdrawing, and one new team, Super Aguri entered at the last moment. 
The Sauber name remained, although largely as a sentiment, as BMW owned 80% of the team to Peter Sauber's 20%. Jordan became MF1 Racing, as Midland started afresh after a disappointing first season under the Jordan name. Late in the season, the team was bought by Spyker. Honda, who already owned a 45% stake in the BAR team, completed their takeover of the team and changed its name to Honda Racing F1 Team at the start of the season. 
Super Aguri F1 also entered their first season after having problems entering. They received backing from Honda Racing F1 including technology and engines, due to them running Honda driver Takuma Sato.

Williams introduced numerous changes for 2006, particularly changing to Cosworth V8 engines after they and BMW split. Red Bull Racing (RBR) had Ferrari engines, replacing the Cosworth power which gained them seventh in the standings in 2005. Williams and Toyota changed tyre suppliers to Bridgestone, due to Michelin's desire to supply fewer teams in the championship. Despite this Toro Rosso who under the Minardi name ran Bridgestone tyres switched to Michelin in line with parent team RBR.

At The Start of the Season

During the Season

In the 2006 Formula One calendar the Australian Grand Prix was put back to a few weeks to avoid a clash with the 2006 Commonwealth Games. For the first time, Bahrain hosted the first Grand Prix. Brazil hosted the last race and Japan and China swapped their original dates.

(*) Driver did not finish the race but was classified, having raced more than 90% of race distance.

2005 Formula One World Championship

The 2005 Formula One season was the 56th edition of the championship. The champion was Fernando Alonso in the close battle. Renault F1 won the constructor's championship.

The most noticeable change to the 2005 season was its driver lineup — only 7 drivers raced for the same team with which they began the 2004 season, another 7 drivers switched to new teams.

Red Bull Racing, which took over the Jaguar team, ran with Cosworth engines. Red Bull's lead driver is veteran Scotsman David Coulthard, paired with Christian Klien, the '04 Jaguar driver. Red Bull performed well, scoring 11 points after the first two events. Toyota-powered Jordan Grand Prix was purchased by Midland Group, although the team continued as Jordan until 2006. Sauber switched from Bridgestone to Michelin tyres over the winter, further severing their ties with the Ferrari team.

Shortly after the United States Grand Prix, Peter Sauber sold BMW a majority share in his Sauber team, which announced its intention to run as BMW's factory team in 2006.

The 2005 Formula One calendar featured a new event in Turkey, just miles from the Europe-Asia dividing line. The newly-built circuit in Istanbul joined the 2004 newcomers Bahrain and China. The 2005 season witnessed two of the hottest grands prix ever: the track temperature at the beginning of the Malaysian event was 51 °C (124 °F), while in Bahrain the mercury soared past 56 °C (133 °F).

2004 Formula One World Championship

The 2004 Formula One season was the 55th edition of the championship. The champion was Michael Schumacher after dominating the whole season. Ferrari won the constructor's championship.

2003 Formula One World Championship

The 2003 Formula One season was the 54th edition of the championship. The champion was Michael Schumacher in a close battle. Ferrari won the constructor's championship.

2002 Formula One World Championship

The 2002 Formula One season was the 53rd edition of the championship. The champion was Michael Schumacher after he dominated all season. Ferrari won the constructor's championship.

 Driver did not finish the Grand Prix, but was classified as he completed over 90% of the race distance.

2001 Formula One World Championship

The 2001 Formula One season was the 52nd edition of the championship. The Driver's Champion was Michael Schumacher. He dominated all the whole season, and won with a record margin of 58 points. Ferrari won the Constructors' Championship.

After four years out of the sport, Renault returned as an engine supplier. Michelin returned as a tyre supplier. This was the first time Bridgestone had competition since Goodyear left the sport at the end of the season.

2001 saw the first Formula One races for future champions Fernando Alonso and Kimi Räikkönen. It was the last year Jean Alesi and world champion Mika Häkkinen would race in Formula One.

At the end of the 2001, the Prost team closed down due to lack of money. The French company Renault purchased the Benetton team. Benetton was renamed as the Renault F1 team.

The following teams and drivers competed in the 2001 FIA Formula One World Championship.

Pole position in Bold.
Fastest lap in "Italics".

Pole position in Bold.
Fastest lap in "Italics".

2000 Formula One World Championship

The 2000 Formula One season was the 51st edition of the championship. The Driver's Champion was Michael Schumacher in a close battle. Ferrari won the Constructor's Championship.

The following teams and drivers competed in the 2000 FIA Formula One World Championship.

1999 Formula One World Championship

The 1999 Formula One season was the 50th edition of the championship. The champion was Mika Häkkinen. Ferrari won the constructor's championship. Michael Schumacher was injured on the first lap of the British Grand Prix at Silverstone. His brakes failed, and he broke his leg. He missed 6 races and returned at the Malaysian Grand Prix.

The following teams and drivers competed in the 1999 FIA Formula One World Championship.

Pole position in Bold.
Fastest lap in "Italics".
Pole position in Bold.
Fastest lap in "Italics".

1998 Formula One World Championship

The 1998 Formula One season was the 47th edition of the championship. The champion was Mika Häkkinen in a close battle. Mclaren won the constructor's championship.

The following teams and drivers competed in the 1998 FIA Formula One World Championship.

Pole position in Bold.
Fastest lap in "Italics".

Pole position in Bold.
Fastest lap in "Italics".

1997 Formula One World Championship

The 1997 Formula One season was the 48th edition of the championship. The champion was Jacques Villeneuve in a close battle. Williams won the constructor's championship.

1996 Formula One World Championship

The 1996 Formula One season was the 47th edition of the championship. The champion was Damon Hill in a close battle. Williams won the constructor's championship.

1995 Formula One World Championship

The 1995 Formula One season was the 46th edition of the championship. The champion was Michael Schumacher in a close battle. Benneton won the constructor's championship.

1994 Formula One World Championship

The 1994 Formula One season was the 45th edition of the championship. The champion was Michael Schumacher in a close battle. Williams won the constructor's championship.

1993 Formula One World Championship

The 1993 Formula One season was the 44th edition of the championship. The champion was Alain Prost in a close battle. Williams won the constructor's championship.

1992 Formula One World Championship

The 1992 Formula One season was the 43rd edition of the championship. The champion was Nigel Mansell in a close battle. Williams won the constructors championship.

1991 Formula One World Championship

The 1991 Formula One season was the 42nd edition of the championship. The champion was Ayrton Senna. McLaren won the constructors championship.

1990 Formula One World Championship

The 1990 Formula One season was the 41st season of FIA Formula One motor racing. The season started on 11 March and ended on 4 November after sixteen races. Ayrton Senna was World Champion Driver for the second time, and McLaren won the Constructors' Championship.




At the start of the season, six teams needed to pre-qualify: Lola, AGS, EuroBrun, Osella, Coloni and Life.

The first race of the year was held in Phoenix, USA. Unexpected rain in qualifying led to a grid with Gerhard Berger on pole position with Pierluigi Martini second in the Minardi, Andrea de Cesaris third in the Dallara, Jean Alesi fourth in the Tyrrell, Ayrton Senna down in fifth and Nelson Piquet sixth. Alesi took the lead at the start ahead of Berger, de Cesaris, Senna, Martini and Piquet.

Alesi pulled away and Berger was dropping back. Senna passed de Cesaris and Berger hit a wall on lap 9, forcing him to pit. He charged back but retired with clutch problems. Alesi was 8.2 seconds ahead but Senna started to reel him in. Senna attacked on lap 34 but Alesi defended and kept the lead. Senna did the job properly one lap later and pulled away to win. Behind, Thierry Boutsen passed Piquet to take third with Stefano Modena's Brabham and Satoru Nakajima's Tyrrell getting the final points.

In qualifying in Brazil, Senna and Berger were 1-2 with Boutsen and Patrese 3-4 and the Ferraris of Nigel Mansell and Alain Prost behind them. At the start, Senna led Berger, Boutsen, Prost, Patrese and Mansell. Boutsen passed Berger early on but could not keep up with Senna.

At the stops, Boutsen ran into a tyre and had to change his nose cone, dropping back to 11th and some good work from the Ferrari crew got Prost ahead of Berger and Mansell ahead of Patrese. Senna was ahead of Prost, Berger, Mansell, Patrese and Alesi. Senna, 10 seconds ahead hit backmarker Nakajima, forcing him to pit and drop back to third. With just a few laps to go, Patrese retired with a broken oil cooler. Prost duly won from Berger, Senna, Mansell, the recovering Boutsen and Piquet.

An almost identical grid to Brazil saw Senna, Berger, Patrese, Boutsen, Mansell and Prost line up after qualifying. At the start, Senna and Berger got away well but Boutsen sliced ahead of Patrese to take third with Mansell and Prost behind. Boutsen passed Berger on lap 2. On the next lap, a stone sliced through Senna's wheelrim, spinning him into a sandtrap and out of the race. Boutsen pulled away from Berger but his engine blew on lap 18.

Soon Mansell passed Patrese and then attacked Berger. Berger closed the door and Mansell spun without hitting anything nor losing a place. He set off after Berger again but retired with engine problems. At the second stops, Nannini got ahead of Prost. Patrese closed in on Berger and passed him on lap 51. Patrese pulled away and won from Berger, Nannini, Prost, Piquet and Alesi.

In Monaco, Senna took pole but Prost was second with Alesi third ahead of Patrese, Berger and Boutsen. At the start, Berger collided with Prost, blocking the track and stopping the race. The second was all right and Senna led from Prost, Alesi, Berger, Patrese and Boutsen.

The race settled down and nothing changed until lap 30 when Prost retired with a battery failure. Then Mansell hit the back of Boutsen and was forced to pit and changed his front wing. Patrese's distributor failed on lap 42. Behind, Mansell was charging through the field and passed Boutsen to take fourth. But then he was sidelined with the same problem as Prost. At the front, Senna won from Alesi, Berger, Boutsen, Alex Caffi in the Arrows and Éric Bernard's Larrousse.

Canada was next and the McLarens were 1-2 in qualifying with Senna ahead of Berger with Prost third, Nannini fourth, Piquet fifth and Boutsen sixth. The track was damp on race day and Berger jumped the start and then hesitated. He got a 1-minute time penalty as well as allowing Senna to lead on the road. Senna led Nannini, Alesi, Prost, Boutsen and Piquet.

The track began to dry and everyone pitted. But when Nannini rejoined, he hit a groundhog and had to pit again for repairs. He spun off on lap 22. Berger took the lead on the road but he needed a minute to stay ahead at the end. He charged and was a second quicker than the others as Boutsen spun off while battling Prost. Senna now led from Prost, Piquet, Mansell, Patrese and Derek Warwick.

Piquet after many laps finally passed Prost who was then attacked by Mansell. Patrese retired putting Berger to fifth (he got ahead of Warwick before). Mansell passed Prost and slowly pulled away. With two laps to go, Berger got past Prost on aggregate but could not get ahead of Mansell. Senna won from Piquet, Mansell, Berger, Prost and Warwick.

After Canada came Mexico and Berger qualified on pole position with Patrese beside him and Senna third, Mansell fourth, Boutsen fifth and Alesi sixth. At the start, Patrese and Berger jumped Senna while Piquet got ahead of Boutsen and Mansell. Early on, Senna passed Patrese and Berger followed him through. Patrese was dropping back and Piquet got by him as well. Boutsen was the next to go through but at the same time Berger had a problem with his tyre and was forced to stop and dropped back to 12th. Senna lead from Piquet, Boutsen, Patrese, Mansell and Prost.

Soon, Mansell passed Patrese and got Boutsen four laps later as Prost did the same to Patrese. Prost sneaked ahead of Boutsen as Mansell closed in on Piquet. Mansell got ahead on lap 36 and Prost followed him through six laps later. Piquet soon stopped and dropped behind Nannini, Boutsen (who already stopped) and Berger. Berger passed Boutsen on lap 47 and Nannini four laps later. Prost passed Mansell on lap 55 and they began to close in on Senna. Prost, passed Senna followed by Mansell. Then Mansell spun but at the same time Senna got a puncture that let to him retiring in the pits 4 laps before the end and allowing Berger to get third and close in to Mansell. With a daring move Berger passed Mansell but Mansell charged back and attacked taking back second place. Prost won with Mansell second making it a Ferrari 1-2 ahead of Berger, Nannini, Boutsen and Piquet.

France was next, the fans were wearing red and a Ferrari did take pole. However, it was not their hero Prost but Mansell who was ahead of Berger, Senna, Prost, Nannini and Patrese. At the start, Berger got past Mansell while Prost lost out as well. Berger led with Mansell, Senna, Nannini, Patrese and Prost behind. On lap 2, Senna passed Mansell for second and the order stayed like that until Senna passed Berger whose tyres were destroyed.

Nannini and Piquet pitted early while Berger and Senna went too late. Mansell and Prost's tyres lasted longer and thus they pitted late. Riccardo Patrese went too late and was the big loser. This left the two Leyton Houses (they planned the race without a stop) ahead with a totally shuffled order behind them. Ivan Capelli led Maurício Gugelmin, Prost, Nannini, Mansell and Senna. Prost then caught and passed Gugelmin who then went out with engine trouble.

As Prost closed in on Capelli, Mansell sneaked past Nannini and started to close in on Capelli and Prost. Capelli defended from Prost on each an every attempt as Mansell went out with engine trouble. Nannini took third but he then had electrical trouble and was forced to retire while Prost passed Capelli with three laps to go. Prost won ahead of Capelli, Senna, Piquet, Berger and Patrese.

Britain was next and Mansell, roared on by his home fans, took pole with Senna second, Berger third, Boutsen fourth, Prost fifth and Alesi sixth. At the start Senna outdragged Mansell while Alesi also got bogged back. Senna led from Mansell, Berger, Boutsen, Prost and Patrese. But Mansell then passed Senna on lap 2 and Senna spun on the next lap, dropping down to fifth.

Soon Prost passed Boutsen for third as Mansell began to have troubles with his gearbox. Berger passed him to lead but then Mansell's car seemed to improve again. He repassed Berger but Prost was right behind them by now. Soon Prost sneaked by Berger and chased off after Mansell who had gearbox issues again. Prost got ahead of Mansell on lap 44 and pulled away.

However, Berger was unable to catch Mansell as he in turn had handling issues. Behind them Piquet, who had tyre trouble (he did not stop) spun, giving fifth to Senna. Mansell then suddenly slowed down on lap 55 as his gearbox troubles became serious, ending hopes of a Ferrari 1-2. Berger took second but he went out with throttle failure five laps later. In between, Bernard had passed Piquet as well. Prost won again from Boutsen, Senna, Bernard, Piquet and Aguri Suzuki.

Thus, at the halfway stage, Prost led with 41 points with Senna second with 39, Berger third with 25, Piquet fourth with 18, Boutsen fifth with 17, Alesi and Mansell sharing sixth with 13 with Patrese eighth with 10. In the constructors, McLaren with 64 points led Ferrari who were second with 54, Williams who were third with 27 and Benetton who were fourth with 25.

At the start of second half of the season, there was minor shake-up in pre-qualifying. Lola escaped due to their points, while two Ligiers needed pre-qualifying.

McLaren's were 1-2 in qualifying, Senna ahead of Berger. Ferrari were 3-4 with Prost ahead of Mansell and Williams were 5-6 to complete the "Noah's Ark" (two-by-two) formation, Patrese ahead of Boutsen. At the start, Berger took off better than Senna but Senna just stayed ahead with Berger second, Prost third, Mansell fourth with Patrese fifth and Piquet sixth.

There were no changes until lap 11 when Piquet tried to pass Patrese and went through an escape road, allowing Nannini to get ahead. Three laps later Mansell went through the grass at Ostkurve without losing a place but damaging his car. It proved crucial as he retired two laps later, the damage being too much. Meanwhile, Nannini passed Patrese as the top three stopped for tyres, the Williamses and Benettons planning to go without a stop. Piquet retired with engine trouble.

Thus, Nannini led Senna, Patrese, Piquet, Berger and Prost. Patrese's tyres were too badly damaged and he was forced to pit. Prost then passed Boutsen for fourth with Patrese following him two laps later. On lap 34, Senna passed Nannini for the lead and pulled away. Senna won from Nannini, Berger, Prost, Patrese and Boutsen.

Hungary was next and the Williamses qualified ahead of the McLarens, Boutsen taking pole ahead of Patrese, Berger, Senna, Mansell and Alesi. At the start, Boutsen kept the lead but it was Berger went away best and passed Patrese while Senna was worst and lost out to both Mansell and Alesi. Thus, it was Boutsen, Berger, Patrese, Mansell, Alesi and Senna.

It stayed like that on lap 21 when Senna passed Alesi for fifth but he was forced to pit on the next lap with a slow puncture. Nannini soon passed Alesi to take fifth. The leaders stopped and Berger was the big loser with Nannini and Senna the big gainers, rising directly behind the Williams men. The order was: Boutsen, Patrese, Nannini, Senna, Mansell and Berger. Boutsen then pulled away while Patrese held up the others until Nannini streamed by with Senna following him.

Patrese then pitted and dropped behind Piquet as Berger passed Mansell only for Mansell to get back at him. Senna tried to pass Nannini on lap 64 and tipped Nannini into a spin and retirement. Berger tried to do the same thing on Mansell on lap 72 at the same corner with the same result - a collision but with both cars out. Boutsen won ahead of Senna, Piquet, Patrese, Warwick and Bernard.

Monteverdi team had pulled out of F1, meaning that two Ligiers escaped from pre-qualifying again. In Belgium, McLaren were 1-2 with Senna on pole ahead of Berger, Prost, Boutsen, Mansell and Patrese. At the first start, Piquet pushed Mansell off the road and soon Nakajima and Modena collided as well, resulting in start No.2.

Once again, Senna took the lead while Boutsen sliced into second and Prost dropped back to fifth. However, Paolo Barilla smashed into a wall in his Minardi, blocking the track as well as bringing out the red flags.

Start No.3 was clean and Senna took the lead ahead of Berger, Prost, Boutsen, Patrese and Nannini. On lap 11, Mansell was into the pits with handling problems. He went out but retired eight laps later as the problems became serious. On lap 14, Prost sliced ahead of Berger who then pitted for tyres. Senna and Prost, separated by 2 seconds stopped at the same time but then Nannini who was planning to go without stopping came in between them. Then both Patrese and Boutsen went out with gearbox troubles. Prost passed Nannini and Berger tried the same but this time Nannini came back at him to keep the place. On lap 41, Nannini went wide and Berger sailed through to take third. Senna duly won from Prost, Berger, Nannini, Piquet and Gugelmin.

With five more races to go, Senna now had 63 points, 13 points ahead of Prost with 50. Berger was third with 33, Boutsen fourth with 27, Piquet fifth with 24, Nannini sixth with 16, Patrese seventh with 15 with Alesi eighth with 13. In the constructors, McLaren led with 96 with Ferrari second with 63, Williams third with 42 and Benetton fourth with 40.

After Belgium came Italy and Senna took pole again with Prost second, Berger third, Mansell fourth, Alesi fifth and Boutsen sixth. At the start, Berger raced past Prost while Alesi jumped by both the Ferraris. But Warwick crashed at the Parabolica, bringing out the red flags. In the restart, Berger got past Prost and Alesi got by Mansell immediately. Alesi then passed Prost into the second corner and so we had Senna leading Berger, Alesi, Prost, Mansell and Boutsen.

On lap 5, Alesi spun off and retired. Nothing changed until lap 18 when Boutsen retired with a suspension failure and Berger's tyres began to fade. Prost then passed Berger and the stops did not change anything. The top three then began to battle for the lead but none was able to close in on the other while Mansell continued to drop back, fighting a faulty throttle return spring. Senna won from Prost, Berger, Mansell, Patrese and Nakajima.

Portugal was next and the Ferraris took 1-2 in qualifying with Mansell ahead of Prost, Senna, Berger, Patrese and Piquet. At the start, Mansell's snaky start almost took Prost out and the McLarens blasted by them with Piquet getting by Prost as well. The order was: Senna, Berger, Mansell, Piquet, Prost and Boutsen.

On lap 13, Prost took Piquet for fourth and later Mansell went to the grass, allowing Prost to take third. Mansell and Berger pitted soon as Prost passed Senna at the same time to lead. These two soon pitted as well with a shuffled order: Senna, Mansell, Berger, Prost, Nannini and Piquet. The Ferraris started to close in on the McLarens in front of them by now. Behind them, Piquet passed Nannini to take fifth.

On lap 50, Mansell was close to Senna and passed him to lead. He pulled away fast but then hit Phillipe Alliot while lapping him, pushing the Ligier into a wall while Mansell got away with no damage. Prost then passed Berger on lap 59. Two laps later, Suzuki and Caffi collided and with the latter stuck in the cockpit on a zone with the wall next to the track, the race was stopped. Thus Mansell won from Senna, Prost, Berger, Piquet and Nannini.

Now in Spain and Senna took his 50th career pole position ahead of Prost, Mansell, Alesi, Berger and Patrese. At the start, Senna took off into the lead but behind them Patrese hit Alesi, spinning him into the gravel trap and into retirement. Lap 1 and Senna led Prost, Mansell, Berger, Boutsen and Patrese.

Berger was holding up a train of four cras behind him, none of them able to pass on the twisty Jerez circuit. At the stops, Mansell got ahead of Prost but waved Prost through to help his championship hopes just as Senna was coming out of the pits. He split the two Ferraris. The order was Piquet (he and Nannini were planning to go without stopping), Prost, Senna, Mansell, Nannini and Boutsen.

Prost started to attack Piquet who gave in to the pressure and went wide, dropping down to fourth. Then, Mansell attacked and passed Senna to make it a 1-2 for Ferrari as Piquet retired with battery problems. Senna pitted for tyres but retired when his radiator failed soon after. Three laps later, Berger attacked Boutsen for fourth and two collided, Berger spinning out. Prost won with Mansell making it a Ferrari 1-2 ahead of Nannini, Boutsen, Patrese and Suzuki.

With two races to go, Senna had 78 points to Prost's 69 and with both having 11 results in the points, it was clear that they would have to drop points. However, Senna would have had to drop two third places unlike Prost who would only have to drop a fourth and a fifth (if they both finish in the top 3). Berger was third with 40, Mansell was fourth with 31, Boutsen was fifth with 30, Piquet was sixth with 26, Nannini seventh with 21 and Patrese eighth with 19. In the constructors, McLaren led with 118 points with Ferrari second with 100. Williams was third with 49 and Benetton was fourth with 47.

Before the Japanese Grand Prix, Nannini was involved in a helicopter crash and sustained career-ending injuries (though he would later return to touring car racing). He was replaced by Roberto Moreno for the rest of the season. Moreno had been free since EuroBrun had withdrawn from Formula One, along with Life. As a result, pre-qualifying was not needed.

In qualifying, Senna took pole ahead of Prost, Mansell, Berger, Boutsen and Piquet. However, Senna was unhappy at the side the pole was on as the pole was on the dirty side of the track and thus the second place being on the racing line which should give the second-placed driver the advantage into the first corner. He went to FISA president Jean Marie Balestre to change the side where the pole was, but was refused. After this, he decided that he would go for any gap into the first corner if Prost had the advantage. At the start, Prost did have the advantage and Senna went for the gap. Prost did not know it and closed the door. Senna's left front touched Prost's rear wing, spinning both of them into the gravel trap. The world championship was sealed.

Although Senna led by 9 points and there were 9 points for a win, if Prost won the last race he would have had to drop his fifth place in Canada which meant that he would be two points behind Senna even if Senna retired. Senna was the new world champion. Back to the race now and Berger was leading Mansell, Piquet, Moreno, Boutsen and Patrese. At the start of the second lap, Berger spun off into retirement after hitting debris from the Senna-Prost collision. This left Mansell who was under pressure by the Benettons leading.

Mansell then began to pull away from Piquet and Moreno as Suzuki passed Warwick for sixth. Mansell pitted with a 15-second lead on lap 27 for tyres but his driveshaft snapped as he went out of his garage. He retired giving the Constructors title to McLaren as they were 18 points ahead and a 1-2 can get only 15 points. The Benettons and Suzuki did not stop but Patrese and Boutsen did with Patrese getting ahead at the stops but both rejoined behind Suzuki. Then Nakajima passed Warwick to take sixth as Warwick then retired with gearbox trouble. Piquet won with Moreno making it a Benetton 1-2. Suzuki was third, Patrese fourth, Boutsen fifth and Nakajima sixth.

The last race of the year was in Australia and the McLarens took 1-2 in qualifying ahead of the Ferraris, Senna ahead of Berger, Mansell, Prost, Alesi and Patrese. At the start, Senna took off into the lead with Berger defending from the Ferraris and Piquet getting by Alesi and Patrese. The order was: Senna, Berger, Mansell, Prost, Piquet and Alesi.

On lap 2, Berger missed a gear selection allowing Mansell to get ahead. While defending from Prost, he held up Prost allowing Piquet to get ahead of him. Piquet soon passed Berger for third and the order settled down. Senna and Mansell continued to pull away from the rest, none of them able to keep up. Soon Patrese got past Alesi with Boutsen following suit.

Then, on lap 43, Mansell went up an escape road, giving Senna a good lead. Mansell was caught and passed by Piquet and pitted for tyres soon after. At the stops, Boutsen got ahead of Patrese. Berger then ran wide entering the Brabham straight, allowing Prost to take third. Mansell passed Berger on lap 57 and soon passed Prost on his new tyres. Senna had a gearbox glitch on lap 62 and went straight on into the wall and retired. Mansell closed in on Piquet, breaking the lap record 3 times towards the finish, taking 2 seconds a lap out of his lead. Piquet made an error with 4 laps to go, allowing Mansell to close right up. Mansell attacked on the last lap with a desperate passing attempt at the end of the straight, was too far behind to make the pass. Thus, Piquet won from Mansell, Prost, Berger, Boutsen and Patrese.

At the end of the season, Senna was world champion with 78 points with Prost second with 71 (he got 73 but had to drop 2 points), Piquet third with 43 (he got 44 but had to drop 1 point), Berger fourth with 43 (he was behind Piquet because Piquet had more wins), Mansell fifth with 37, Boutsen sixth with 34, Patrese seventh with 23 and Nannini eighth with 21. In the constructors, McLaren were champions with 121 points with Ferrari second with 110, Benetton third with 71 and Williams fourth with 55.

The following teams and drivers competed in the 1990 FIA Formula One World Championship.

Points towards the 1990 FIA Formula One World Championship for Drivers were awarded on a 9-6-4-3-2-1 basis for the first six places at each round. Only the best eleven round results were retained, any other points being discarded.

Points towards the 1990 FIA Formula One World Championship for Constructors were awarded on a 9-6-4-3-2-1 basis for the first six places at each round. All results were counted (not just best eleven rounds).

Le Mans Grand Prix orignally scheduled 22 July, but was cancelled. The Grand Prix returned in 1991.


1950 Formula One season

The 1950 Formula One season was the first edition of the championship. The champion was Giussepe Farina in a close battle.

The following teams and drivers competed in the 1950 FIA World Championship of Drivers.


Other Formula One races, which did not count towards the World Championship, also held in 1950.

1951 Formula One season

The 1951 Formula One season was the second edition of the championship. The champion was Juan Manuel Fangio in a close battle.


Other Formula One races, which did not count towards the World Championship, also held in 1951.

1952 Formula One season

The 1952 Formula One season was the third of the championship. The champion was Alberto Ascari in a close battle.


Formula One/Two Grand Prix races, which did not count towards the World Championship, also held in 1952.

1953 Formula One season

The 1953 Formula One season was the 4th of the championship. The champion was Alberto Ascari in a close battle.


Formula One/Two races also held in 1953, which did not count towards the World Championship.

1954 Formula One season

The 1954 Formula One season was the 5th edition of the championship. The champion was Juan Manuel Fangio in a close battle.


Other Formula One races also held in 1954, which did not count towards the World Championship.

1955 Formula One season

The 1955 Formula One season was the 6th of the championship. The champion was Juan Manuel Fangio in a close battle.


Other Formula One races also held in 1955, which did not count towards the World Championship.

1956 Formula One season

The 1956 Formula One season was the 7th of the championship. The champion was Juan Manuel Fangio in a close battle.

1957 Formula One season

The 1957 Formula One season was the 8th of the championship. The champion was Juan Manuel Fangio in a close battle.

1958 Formula One season

The 1958 Formula One season was the 9th of the championship. The champion was Mike Hawthorn in a close battle.

1959 Formula One season

The 1959 Formula One season was the 9th of the championship. The champion was Jack Brabham in a close battle.

1960 Formula One season

The 1960 Formula One season was the 10th of the championship. The champion was Jack Brabham in a close battle.

1961 Formula One season

The 1961 Formula One season saw Phil Hill crowned as champion.


1962 Formula One season

The 1962 Formula One season saw Graham Hill crowned as champion.


1963 Formula One season

The 1963 Formula One season crowned as champion Jim Clark.

1964 Formula One season

The 1964 Formula One season crowned as champion John Surtees.


1965 Formula One season

The 1965 Formula One season crowned as champion Jim Clark.

1966 Formula One season

The 1966 Formula One season crowned as champion Jack Brabham.

1967 Formula One season

The 1967 Formula One season crowned as champion Denny Hulme.

1968 Formula One season

The 1968 Formula One season crowned as champion Graham Hill.

1969 Formula One season

The 1969 Formula One season crowned as champion Jackie Stewart.

1970 Formula One season

The 1970 Formula One season crowned as champion Jochen Rindt.

1971 Formula One season

The 1971 Formula One season crowned as champion Jackie Stewart.

1972 Formula One season

The 1972 Formula One season crowned as champion Emerson Fittipaldi.

1973 Formula One season

The 1973 Formula One season crowned as champion Jackie Stewart.

1974 Formula One season

The 1974 Formula One season crowned as champion Emerson Fittipaldi.

1975 Formula One season

The 1975 Formula One season saw Niki Lauda crowned as champion.

1976 Formula One season

The 1976 Formula One season crowned James Hunt as champion.

The following teams and drivers contested the 1976 World Championship of F1 Drivers and the 1976 International Cup for F1 Manufacturers.

The Driver's championship was won by James Hunt from Niki Lauda, who had to miss several races as a result of an injury sustained in a crash at the German Grand Prix.

1977 Formula One season

The 1977 Formula One season crowned as champion Niki Lauda.

The following drivers and constructors contested the World Championship of Drivers and the International Cup for Formula 1 Constructors:

1978 Formula One season

The 1978 Formula One season crowned as champion Mario Andretti.

1979 Formula One season

The 1979 Formula One season crowned as champion Jody Scheckter.

1980 Formula One season

The 1980 Formula One season was the 31st of the championship. The champion was Alan Jones.

1981 Formula One World Championship

The 1981 Formula One season was the 32nd of the championship. The champion was Nelson Piquet in a close battle.

1982 Formula One World Championship

The 1982 Formula One season was the 33rd championship. The champion was Keke Rosberg in a close battle.

The early races of the season were disrupted by politics. At the first race of the season, the South African Grand Prix, Niki Lauda led a drivers' strike against the "superlicences", newly required for participation in the championship, which included clauses that Lauda believed would unfairly tie drivers to their teams. Most of the drivers locked themselves in a conference room overnight before agreement was reached that the relevant clauses could be re-visited and the race was reinstated. The six factory turbocharged cars, including the Brabham-BMWs on this occasion, had their inherent power advantage exaggerated by the low air density at the high altitude Kyalami circuit and took the first six places on the grid. Alain Prost won the race in his Renault. Despite the pre-race agreement, the race stewards issued a statement during the race indicating that the licences of those drivers who had taken part in the strike were suspended.

The striking drivers were eventually fined $5,000 each and given a one race ban, suspended for six months, but the process of reaching this compromise position took several weeks and contributed to the cancellation of that year's Argentine Grand Prix, due to be the second race of the year. The Brazilian and United States West Grands Prix were both won by DFV-powered cars, and both results were protested by the Ferrari and Renault teams, on the grounds that the leading DFV teams were competing with underweight cars thanks to their water-cooled brakes. The stewards in Brazil ruled that the Piquet's winning Brabham and Rosberg's second-placed Williams were illegal, but their counterparts in the US rejected the same claim against Niki Lauda's McLaren and Rosberg's Williams, although they did uphold the Tyrrell team's protest against Ferrari's use of two rear wings and disqualified Villeneuve. The appeal process meant that the result of the protest would not be known for another month.

On 19 April, the FIA tribunal found in favour of Ferrari and Renault's protest of the Brazilian Grand Prix result. Piquet and Rosberg were disqualified and Prost was awarded the win. The other finishers, including some like title contender John Watson who had also been racing underweight, but had not been protested, were moved up the results accordingly. This gave Prost the lead in the world championship, with 18 points to Lauda's 12 and Rosberg and Watson's 8. The tribunal also ruled that after future races, all cars must be weighed before liquids were topped up. The FOCA teams requested a postponement of the next race, the San Marino Grand Prix, until July to allow consideration of the effects of the judgement, on the grounds that it changed the regulations of the sport. The race organisers refused to delay the race, which went ahead without the majority of the FOCA teams.

Only 14 cars competed at the San Marino Grand Prix because of the FOCA boycott, leaving the Ferraris to compete with the Renaults until both French cars broke down. By lap 45, Villeneuve and Pironi were contesting the lead, with Villeneuve in front, when their Ferrari team signalled them to slow down. Villeneuve did so and was passed by his teammate; they swapped the lead again several times before Pironi passed Villeneuve on the final lap for the win. After the race, Villeneuve said that the "Slow" sign at Ferrari had always previously meant that the drivers should hold their positions, adding "People seem to think we had the battle of our lives! [...] I was coasting those last 15 laps."; Pironi said that "The 'Slow' sign means only to use your head [... not that] if you think you can win, don't do it." In an interview the following week, Villeneuve said that he would never speak to Pironi again.

Two weeks later, Villeneuve died after an accident during the final qualifying session for the Belgian Grand Prix at Zolder. Bamsey and Lang write that he was trying to beat Pironi's time, while Ferrari race engineer Mauro Forghieri says that the Canadian was returning to the pits and would not therefore have set a lap time. Villeneuve caught Jochen Mass travelling much more slowly through a left-handed bend and moved to the right to pass him at the same instant that Mass also moved right to let Villeneuve through on the racing line. The two collided and Villeneuve was thrown out of his disintegrating car. He died of a fractured neck in a local hospital at 9:12 that evening. Ferrari withdrew from the race, which John Watson won for McLaren. His teammate Lauda was disqualified after the race for an underweight car. The results were dominated by the returning FOCA teams; even the only turbo-engined finisher, Piquet's Brabham-BMW, was from their number.

Roebuck writes that the next race, the Monaco Grand Prix, "was a sombre, edgy place [...] the sense of [Villeneuve's] absence was overwhelming": the Canadian had lived in the principality and had won the previous year's race. In the race itself Arnoux led early before spinning off, handing the lead to his Renault teammate Prost. Prost built up a massive lead, but a light rain shower in the closing laps triggered a chaotic finish. Prost crashed out, handing the lead to Patrese. Patrese spun on the penultimate lap and stalled, allowing Pironi into the lead, followed by Andrea de Cesaris. On the final lap Pironi, de Cesaris, and Derek Daly all dropped out while in potential race winning positions. Meanwhile, Patrese bump-started his car by coasting down a hill, completed the final two laps, and took his first career victory. Pironi was classified second, despite running out of fuel and stopping on the last lap. After the race, Prost, who had scored no points since the Brazilian Grand Prix in March, led the championship by one point from Watson and two points from Pironi.

Formula One returned to North America for the Detroit Grand Prix, where Watson won again, this time from 17th place on the grid, to take the championship lead. Tragedy struck again in Canada. Pironi qualified on pole, but stalled at the start. His stationary car was hit by the Osella of young Italian Riccardo Paletti, who was killed in the impact and resultant fire. Piquet won the restarted race. Pironi came back to take a dominant victory in the Netherlands, where Arnoux was lucky to escape uninjured from a massive crash after his Renault's throttle stuck open.

"...there was heavy rain; as I buttoned up against the elements I chanced to look across to the end of the straight leading into the stadium.

There was a car—a Ferrari— in the air, 20 feet or so from the ground, its nose pointing skyward. It came down tail first, then began somersaulting, coming to rest finally at the trackside." "Journalist Nigel Roebuck describing Pironi's career-ending crash at the 1982 German Grand Prix"

Lauda won in Britain, but the real star of the race was Derek Warwick, who hustled the unfancied Toleman into second place late in the race and was closing on Lauda before the car broke down. The next race at Le Castellet's Circuit Paul Ricard saw Frenchman Arnoux take victory in his French Renault, which was popular with the crowd but not with the team, as Arnoux was supposed to give the win to teammate Prost to help the latter's championship cause. But that was a race that saw 4 French drivers finish in the top 4 (Arnoux, Prost, Pironi and Patrick Tambay) and German driver Jochen Mass immediately retire from F1 after a near-catastrophic accident with Mauro Baldi at Signes, the fast corner after the long Mistral straight. Mass's car touched Baldi's, both went off the track and Mass hit the barrier and was then catapulted into grandstands full of people. Although several spectators had minor injures, this appalling accident left no one dead or even seriously injured- as Formula One came very close to having its own 1955 Le Mans disaster. As it was, Pironi seemed poised to run away with the title, but his quest was ended prematurely at the next race in Germany. During a wet qualifying session, Pironi plowed into the back of Prost's Renault. The Ferrari was launched into the air in an eerily similar accident to the one that killed Villeneuve. Pironi was not thrown from the car, but suffered career-ending leg injuries. Pironi's crash was so bad that FIA doctor Sid Watkins had considered amputating Pironi's legs to remove him from the wrecked Ferrari, which never happened. Ferrari chose to compete in the next day's race, and Patrick Tambay (who Ferrari had picked to replace Villeneuve) took a sombre win after Piquet crashed out of the lead while lapping Eliseo Salazar (Piquet famously punched Salazar for his trouble). The Austrian Grand Prix at the Österreichring, the fastest Grand Prix circuit of the year was next, and this was perhaps the most exciting race of the season: all the turbo cars eventually fell out or hit trouble, and Prost, still in contention for the championship was dealt a serious blow to his championship hopes when his car suffered turbo failure 5 laps from the end. The race then ended up being an exciting sprint for the finish between Rosberg and Italian Lotus driver Elio de Angelis. De Angelis beat Rosberg to the line by half a car's length. The Swiss Grand Prix, held at the Dijon-Prenois circuit in France, not Switzerland (where motor racing is banned) saw Rosberg win and took the lead in the championship after being held up by de Cesaris in the Alfa and catching Prost who suffered yet more mechanical troubles with his car; this was perhaps the fatal blow for the hapless Frenchman's championship hopes. The Italian Grand Prix was won by Prost's hated teammate Arnoux and the two Ferraris of Tambay and American Mario Andretti finished 2nd and 3rd; John Watson still remained in contention for the championship title with Rosberg going into the final race in Las Vegas.

Suddenly, Rosberg (who had scored zero points the previous season) was leading the championship going into the final round at Las Vegas. He finished 5th in this race, while Watson finished 2nd; but even this was not enough to overhaul Rosberg's 44 point tally. Michele Alboreto took his first of 5 career F1 wins there at Vegas; he was the 11th different winner that season; a record that has yet to be broken in Formula One.

1983 Formula One World Championship

The 1983 Formula One season was the 34th of the championship. The champion was Nelson Piquet in a close battle.

1984 Formula One World Championship

The 1984 Formula One season was the 35th of the championship. The champion was Niki Lauda in a close battle.


1985 Formula One World Championship

The 1985 Formula One season was the 36th of the championship. The champion was Alain Prost in a close battle.

1986 Formula One World Championship

The 1986 Formula One season was the 37th of the championship. The champion was Alain Prost, who had won the championship after a very tight title fight between Williams' Nigel Mansell. The 1986 season started on March 23, and ended on October 26 after sixteen races.

This was the first year that turbocharged engines were required. Formula One had banned naturally aspirated (atmospheric) engines. Until the planned engine change in 2014, this was the only year where turbochargers were required. The ban on atmospheric engines was lifted in 1987. In 1989, all forced induction engines (turbochargers or supercharge) were banned.


1987 Formula One World Championship

The 1987 Formula One season was the 38th of the championship. The champion was Nelson Piquet in a close battle.

1988 Formula One World Championship

The 1988 Formula One season was the 39th of the championship. The champion was Ayrton Senna in a close battle.

The following drivers and constructors competed in the 1988 season


1989 Formula One World Championship

The 1989 Formula One season was the 40th of the championship. The champion was Alain Prost in a close battle.

Lamar, Texas

Lamar is a small community in Aransas County, Texas, ten miles north of Rockport and forty miles north of Corpus Christi. Like the (otherwise unconnected) Lamar County it was named for Mirabeau B. Lamar, the second president of the Republic of Texas.

Qi Yuwu

Qi Yuwu (Chinese: 戚玉武; pinyin: Qī Yùwǔ; born November 28, 1976) is a television and movie actor. Qi was born in Guangzhou, China. He grew up in Singapore.

Qi was a Physical Education major graduate. He was the winner the "China Round" of Asian Star Search 1999, Singapore's regional talent search contest. He also won "Mr. Personality". Before signing to MediaCorp Studios, he was a model. He had also played the lead part in a Guangzhou television serial.

In 2004, 2005 and 2006, Qi was selected as one of the "Top 10 Most Popular Male Artists" on the annual Star Awards. He was also nominated for the "Best Actor" award in Star Awards 2004 for the drama series, "Room In My Heart" and Star Awards 2006 for the drama series, "C.I.D".

In 2006, he was expected to win the Best Actor award for his acting in "C.I.D" but he lost out to long-time actor Li Nanxing. After which, Li Nan Xing said that he was he did not think that he would win because he had been watching "C.I.D" and though Qi's acting was better.

A natural actor, Yuwu was cast with regional actors in his first television series, "Master Swordsman Lu Xiao Feng". This was followed by "Dare To Strike", another blockbuster co-production with Hong Kong actors.

Though being new in the movie industry, he already has many fans and an official fan club. He was the first MediaCorp star to start a successful movie career.

His notable roles were in "My Genie" as Zhang Tai Ping, "The Champion" as Lu Kai Wei, "C.I.D" as Tang Si Wei and "The Peak" as Chen Tian Jun.

In 2007, Qi starred in the movies "The Leap Years" (also called "Leap of Love") with Wong Lilin, Ananda Everingham and Joan Chen; "The Home Song Stories", again with Joan Chen; and "881" by Royston Tan, with Yeo Yann Yann. He also made a guest appearance in the movie "Protege", acting with Louis Khoo and Daniel Wu.

He has said in an interview that he will be doing more movies in 2008 and will take a break from television work.

Nigel Barker

Nigel Barker (born April 27, 1972 in London, England) is a fashion photographer most popular for being on America's Next Top Model since Cycle 2. He is still a judge and the 2nd main judge (only after Tyra Banks). Barker is a married man.

Barker has been a judge on television show America's Next Top Model since Cycle 2, which premiered in 2004. He is a permanent judge. He is memorably known for being offended by several contestants, especially winners.

Barker was offended by contestant CariDee English when she made a joke that he had stuck a stick inside his anus. English later apologized to Barker during judging, having written a letter that she read out. Barker forgave her but still made her enter the bottom two to teach her a lesson.

Barker was supportive of Saleisha Stowers, a contestant that eventually became the winner. Stowers dated Barker so that he would put in good words for her in front of Tyra. Sometime another week was shown that Barker blinked at Stowers, which also make Stowers having a seducing action.

Simpleton

Simpleton may refer to:


Comedy drama

Comedy drama, also called dramedy, is a style of television and movies when there are similar amounts of both humor and seriousness. 

Traditional theatre was separated from its earliest days into comedy and tragedy. Authors such as Anton Chekov and George Bernard Shaw famously blurred the line between comedy and drama.

In live theatre the difference between comedy and tragedy became less and less significant, in mass media, comedy and drama were clearly separated. Comedies, especially, were meant to only have jokes and not any serious content.

By the early 1960s, television had started to present half-hour long "comedy" series, or one hour long "dramas." Half-hour series were mostly situation comedy or family comedy. One hour dramas could have detective series, westerns and science fiction.

A drama-comedy today is usually an hour-long dramatic series with funny jokes such as "Moonlighting", "Northern Exposure", "Auf Wiedersehen, Pet", "Buffy the Vampire Slayer", "Eureka", "Life on Mars", "House", "Desperate Housewives", "Charmed", "Popular", "Skins", "Monk", "Psych", "Gilmore Girls", "The O.C.", "Studio 60 on the Sunset Strip", "Ally McBeal", "Ugly Betty", "Brothers & Sisters", "Grey's Anatomy" or "Boston Legal".


Petronas Towers

The Petronas Towers are two very tall skyscrapers in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia. They were the tallest buildings in the world until 2004, but still remain the tallest twin buildings. Each tower has 88 floors and they are connected by a sky-bridge between the 41st and 42nd floors. It is a commercial office building.

Ponce, Puerto Rico

Ponce is the second largest city in Puerto Rico outside of the San Juan metropolitan area. It is in the southern part of the island. 186,475 people live there. It is also called "La Perla del Sur" (The Pearl of the South) and "La Ciudad Señorial de Puerto Rico" (Majestic city of Puerto Rico). Its actual mayor is Dr. Luis M. Irizarry Pabón (PPD).
The city of Ponce was founded in 1692 by Spanish people who lived near the Jacaguas river. The city was named after Juan Ponce de León y Loayza, the grandson of Spanish conquistador Juan Ponce de León.


Global Positioning System

A Global Positioning System, also known as GPS, is a system of satellites designed to help navigate on the Earth, in the air, and on water.

A GPS receiver shows where it is. It may also show how fast it is moving, which direction it is going, how high it is, and maybe how fast it is going up or down. Many GPS receivers have information about places. GPSs for automobiles have travel data like road maps, hotels, restaurants, and service stations. GPSs for boats contain nautical charts of harbors, marinas, shallow water, rocks, and waterways. Other GPS receivers are made for air navigation, hiking and backpacking, bicycling, or many other activities. The majority are in smartphones. 

Most GPS receivers can record where they have been, and help plan a journey. While traveling a planned journey, it predicts the time to the next destination.

A GPS unit takes radio signals from satellites in space in orbit around the Earth. There are 31 satellites which are above the Earth. The orbital period is 11 hours and 58 minutes. Each circle is radius due to the Earth's radius. Far from the North Pole and South Pole, a GPS unit can receive signals from 6 to 12 satellites at once. Each satellite contains an atomic clock which is carefully set by NORAD several times every day.

The radio signals contain information about the time and position of the satellite, including its ephemeris. The GPS receiver subtracts the current time from the time the signal was sent. The difference is how long ago the signal was sent. The time difference multiplied by the speed of light is the distance to the satellite. The GPS unit uses trigonometry to calculate where it is from each satellite's position and distance. Usually there must be at least four satellites to solve the geometric equations. A GPS receiver can calculate its position many times in one second. 

Many inexpensive consumer receivers are accurate to almost anywhere on the Earth.

A GPS unit can usually also calculate its current speed. Cheap ones like in a mobile phone do this by comparing present position with recent position. Expensive ones like in an airliner use the Doppler effect and are very accurate.

Various radio navigation systems have been in use since the middle 20th century. In the 1960s, experiments put the radio transmitters in satellites. A new system, at first called Navstar, was designed in the 1970s by the United States Air Force. It became GPS and was only used by the U.S. military. In 1983 President Ronald Reagan made an order to allow anyone to use the system, though it was yet too small to be very useful. The highest precision signal was encrypted and only the armed forces were allowed to use it, but in the 1990s it was temporarily decrypted and this was made permanent at the turn of the century. 

Some GPS receivers are separate units with their own power and display. Those were the majority in the 20th century. Military receivers then displayed only the geographic coordinates, or some had no display but only gave the coordinates to another machine. 

Now, the majority of GPS receivers are part of mobile phones, and many are built into wristwatches, cars and other devices. The GPS part of a mobile phone is small and usually poor, but the phone also uses mobile base stations and Wi-Fi signals to help. This is called aGPS or "augmented GPS".

There are other systems that act in the same way. One was put in space by Russia, called GLONASS. Another that is not yet done is named for Galileo and built by the European Union.

Transmitter

In electronics, a transmitter is a device which sends signals using radio waves.

The transmitter converts direct current (DC) into alternating current (AC) at the desired frequency. Most transmitters use a quartz crystal to set the frequency of the resulting carrier wave. A modulator modifies the carrier wave, by frequency modulation or amplitude modulation or some other kind, to include the information needed, such as an audio or video signal. The modified waves are sent by an antenna to another antenna at the receiver which extracts the information from the waves.



Layla

Layla is a song by Derek and the Dominos. The song first appeared on the album "Layla and Other Assorted Love Songs". This song clocks in at 7 minutes and 4 seconds, and it is split into two sections. The first section has the unmistakable guitar riff, which has two parts to it. The first part is played on a Brownie guitar by Eric Clapton. The next part that comes in is played on a Gibson Les Paul by Duane Allman. Clapton also sings the lead vocals. Bobby Whitlock sings the backup vocals, and he plays the keyboard. Carl Radle plays the bass, and Jim Gordon plays the drums. He plays the piano part in the second segment, and Allman plays the slide guitar during the piano exit part. Eric Clapton plays the acoustic guitar, which augments the piano. While Led Zeppelin's "Stairway to Heaven" builds from a quiet introduction to a hard rock finale, "Layla" does pretty much the opposite. The "bird call" sound at the end of the song is made by Allman on the slide guitar.

This song was dedicated to Pattie Boyd, who was already married to George Harrison. The lyrics have something to do with unrequited love. The song was also named after a fictional character in a movie.

Auto

Auto is a contraction (the word is made smaller). It can mean:


Audit

An audit is an evaluation or examination of something by a person or group of people. They can be made to a person, to a company, to buildings, to systems, to documents and many other things that are used by people. 

Audits are made to check something, like a person is paying their taxes correctly or that a document is correct. 

The most common type of audit are the audits performed on companies and their financial statements, a type of document. In business, many companies inform and report their operations, their money, and their income in financial statements to many people for many reasons. They inform people like banks, governments, investors, and the public, for reasons like getting a loan, paying taxes, getting investments, and improving their public image.

In the aspect of the World Wide Web, Website Audit refers to the comprehensive analysis of a website's content, structure, and functionality to ensure optimal performance and adherence to standards. It involves evaluating factors like SEO, usability, and content quality. Website Audit Tools are software or services utilized to automate and facilitate this process, offering insights into issues, strengths, and areas of improvement for a website's overall health and effectiveness.

Financial statements

In business, a financial statement is an organized document that has financial information, like income and transactions, of a person, company, government, or organization. They are used by these people and organizations to make decisions on the subject (the person or organizations who the financial statement is about), like whether or not to invest in a company and at what price.

A financial statement can be written in many forms, but in most countries there are four (4) basic financial statements that are standard. They are:

A Statement of Financial Position (Balance Sheet) is a financial statement that includes everything the business owns (called assets) and the business owes (called liabilities, which also include debts) as at a particular date. The amount the business owes to its owner is called equity (also represents the amount of investment of the owner into the business). 

For a private individual (a person not in business), an asset may be their house or car, and their liability may be their mortgage and credit cards. 

The Statement of Financial Position is a snapshot of the financial health of a business at specific dates. 

A Statement of Profit or Loss (or Income Statement) shows the profit or loss made during the year by taking into consideration the revenues generated during the year (whether payment is received or not) less any costs incurred during the year (whether such costs have been settled or not).

A statement of owner's equity shows the movement of the owner's investment in the business. In the case of a company, this separates the investment amount from the amounts included in Capital and Revenue Reserves. 

A Statement of Cash Flows is a financial statement that shows the transactions involving cash during the year categorized by Operating, Investing and Financing Activities, thus explaining the movement in Cash and Cash Equivalents during the year.

Benson &amp; Hedges

Benson and Hedges were a cigarette manufacturer. The company were bought by the Gallaher Group The name became a brand of the Gallagher. The brand sponsored Formula One racing teams for many years.

In April 2007 Japan Tobacco bought the Gallaher Group.

Royal Warrant

Royal warrants of appointment are given by members of the British Royal Family to companies and other people who supply them with goods.

The warrant does not mean that the things are the best, only that the Royal family has been buying then for at least five years.

Only three members of the Royal Family issue warrants now. They are

The Queen Mother also issued royal warrants. They were all expired in 2007, five years after her death

Many royal families in Europe issued similar awards, Sweden still does, but they are for supplying the "Royal Swedish Court" , that is the royal palace rather than a named member of the royal family.


Antonio de Cabezón

Antonio de Cabezón (born Castrillo de Matajudios, near Burgos, Spain, 1510; died Madrid, 26 March, 1566) was a Spanish composer and organist of the Renaissance. He was blind from early childhood. He is best known for the music he composed for the organ.

His parents came from noble families and owned a lot of land. He probably had his first organ lessons at the local church. Then he had more music lessons in Palencia. He probably had organ lessons from the cathedral organist. He never had an official job at the cathedral, but he must have been an excellent student, and his teachers, who had a lot of influence, recommended him to the royal family. In 1526 he became organist to Queen Isabella and played at the Spanish chamber concerts of King Charles V of Spain.

About 1538 he married the daughter of a rich family and he went to live in Avila where his wife came from. They had five children who had important positions at the royal court when they grew up.

After Queen Isabella died he spent all his time working for Prince Philip, who became Philip II. King Philip thought he was the world’s greatest artist except for the painter Titian. He often travelled with the king to countries such as Italy, Germany, Luxembourg and the Netherlands. He influenced many European composers that he met, and they influenced him. When the king moved to Madrid and made it the capital of Spain, Cabezón went there too. He stayed there until his death.

Cabezón was one of the greatest composers of his time. He was good at writing music which sounded just right for the organ and the clavichord. He used the techniques of other composers of his time, but added some very special effects. Instead of just putting in a lot of ornamentation to make the music interesting, he enjoyed creating tension between harmony and melody.

He wrote "diferencias" (sets of variations) which use Spanish tunes which were often dances such as the folia, pavan and galliard. Many of his organ compositions are called " glosas ". Each one has something very special to say.

Glosa

Glosa is a term that was often used by Spanish musicians in the 16th century to mean: a piece of music which was similar to a set of variations. Composers at that time often wrote collections of glosas. The term is related to the word “gloss”. They were comparing it to gloss (ornamentation) that a poet might put on his poem. They were often on religious themes.

Antonio de Cabezón was an important composer of glosas.

Glosa was also used by Spanish musicians to mean: musical ornamentation. This is the meaning in the title of a famous book of music for viola da gamba and harpsichord by Diego Ortiz called "Trattado de glosas" (1553).

Real property

Real property is a type of property that includes land and buildings and infrastructure in land. It is one of two types of property that one can own, and the other is personal property.

Residential real estate may contain either a single family or multifamily structure that is available for occupation or for non-business purposes.

Real estate is different from personal property, which is not permanently attached to the land, such as vehicles, boats, jewelry, furniture, tools and the rolling stock of a farm.

15 Eunomia

15 Eunomia is a very big asteroid in the closer part of the main asteroid belt. It is the biggest of the stony (S-type) asteroids, and somewhere between the 8th to 12th biggest Main Belt asteroid overall (unsure diameters make its ranking unsure). It is also the biggest member of the Eunomia family of asteroids.

Eunomia was found by Annibale de Gasparis on July 29, 1851 and named after Eunomia, one of the Horae (Hours), a personification of order and law in Greek mythology.

As the biggest S-type asteroid (with 3 Juno being a very close second), Eunomia has attracted a moderate amount of scientific attention. It has a bit over one percent of the mass of the entire main belt.

Eunomia appears to be a stretched but fairly round body, with what appear to be four sides of differing curvature and noticeably different average compositions. Its stretched shape led to the suggestion that Eunomia may be a binary object. However, this has been denied. It is a retrograde rotator with its pole pointing towards ecliptic coordinates (β, λ) = (-65°, 2°) with a 10° uncertainty. This gives an axial tilt of about 165°.

Like other true members of the family, its surface is made up of silicates and some nickel-iron, and is quite bright. Calcium-rich pyroxenes and olivine, along with nickel-iron metal have been detected on Eunomia's surface. Spectroscopic studies suggest that Eunomia has regions made up differently.

Eunomia has been seen occulting stars three times. It has a mean opposition magnitude of +8.5, about equal to the mean brightness of Titan and can reach +7.9 at a near perihelion opposition.


16 Psyche

16 Psyche is a very big Main belt asteroid, well over 200 kilometers in diameter, and likely the biggest of the metallic M-type asteroids. It is estimated to have 0.6 percent of the mass of the entire asteroid belt.

This asteroid was found by Annibale de Gasparis on March 17, 1852 from Naples and named after the Greek nymph Psyche. The first fifteen asteroids to be found were given symbols by astronomers as a type of short-hand notation. In 1851, however, J. F. Encke suggested using a circled number. 16 Psyche was the first new asteroid to be found that was designated with this scheme (in 1852 by J. Ferguson).

Radar
observations indicate that it is made of iron-nickel. Psyche appears to be a case of an exposed metallic core from a bigger differentiated parent body. Unlike some other M-type asteroids, Psyche shows no sign of the presence of water or water-bearing minerals on its surface, consistent with its interpretation as a metallic body. Small amounts of pyroxene appear to be present.

If Psyche is the core remnant of a bigger parent body, we might expect other asteroids on similar orbits. Psyche does not belong to any asteroid family. One theory is that the collision occurred very early in the solar system's history, and all the other remnants have since been ground into fragments by subsequent collisions or had their orbits perturbed beyond recognition.

Psyche is massive enough that its perturbations on other asteroids can be measured, which enables a mass measurement. Its density is fairly low for metal (although fairly common for asteroids as such), indicating a fairly high porosity of 30–40%.

Psyche appears to have a fairly round surface and is approximately ellipsoidal in shape. Recent lightcurve analysis indicates that its pole points towards either ecliptic coordinates (β, λ) = (-9°, 35°) or (β, λ) = (-2°, 215°) with a 10° uncertainty. This gives an axial tilt of 95°.

Two stellar occultations by Psyche have been seen (from Mexico on March 22, 2002, and another on May 16, 2002). Lightcurve changes indicate a non-spherical body, consistent with the lightcurve and radar results.


Cancún

Cancún (pronounced as ) is a coastal city in Mexico's easternmost state, Quintana Roo, on the Yucatán Peninsula. About 573,000 people live in Cancún, but over 4,000,000 tourists visit Cancún every year on vacation. At present it is, with Acapulco, the Mexican resort best known in the world.

The resort is entirely artificial: few lived here before 1970. The first hotels were funded by the government. February to May is wonderful weather most of the time, and there are stunning white sand beaches. Even the sea is warm. There is now an airport, and bus connections to the rest of the Yucatán. The Yucatán has many Mayan sites, and some villages which are still mostly Mayan.

Norman, Oklahoma

Norman, is the county seat and largest city in Cleveland County in the U.S. state of Oklahoma. It is part of the Oklahoma City Metropolitan Statistical Area. Norman is about 20 miles south of Oklahoma City. James Garner and Toby Keith are from Norman. The University of Oklahoma is in Norman. Norman was founded in 1889 by Abner Norman. In 2008, "Money Magazine" said Norman was a very good place to live. Norman has one small airport and a railroad station.


Mid-Atlantic States

The Mid-Atlantic States (also called "Middle Atlantic States" or simply "Middle East") is a region in the Northeastern United States and form one of the nine geographic divisions within the United States that are officially recognized by the United States Census Bureau. The division consists of three states: New Jersey, New York, and Pennsylvania. This definition corresponds with the region's traditional definition as the section of the Atlantic Seaboard between New England and the South. However, many people consider the Mid-Atlantic to be the states south of the Northeast, centered in Delaware, Maryland.

The traditional Mid-Atlantic States comprise the most densely-populated of the nine U.S. regions, and anchor the megalopolis which runs from Boston to Washington, D.C.. The southeastern part of New York State, eastern Pennsylvania, and all of New Jersey combine to form the bulk of the "moral region" of the Metropolis, according to socio-political geographers James Patterson and Peter Kim, co-authors of the 1991 book "The Day America Told The Truth". (Metropolis begins in the southern Connecticut suburbs of New York City and stretches along the Eastern seaboard to the northern Virginia suburbs of Washington, D.C.). The book classifies the remainder of New York State and Pennsylvania in the Rust Belt.


Landfall (meteorology)

Landfall is when a tropical cyclone or waterspout moves from being over water to being over land. When a tornadic waterspout makes landfall it can be called a tornado, and can cause damage to buildings and other things made by people. When a fair weather waterspout makes landfall it quickly spreads out and loses its energy; the water falls as rain.

A tropical cyclone is said to make landfall when its center moves over land; in tropical cyclones this can be when the eye moves over land. This is where most of the damage occurs because when the storm is over water there is a little chance of damage, except if the parts of the storm that are raining are over land, which can cause severe flooding especially when the system is moving slowly or not at all. The effects of landfall are:

Together with the high surf, these can cause a lot of beach erosion. In low lying areas the storm surge can stay inland for a long time and mix with chemicals already in the area to create a toxic mess. When a tropical cyclone makes landfall, the eye "closes", surf gets less, and winds get less as the cyclone spreads out, losing energy. Damage inland may include flooding rains, gusty winds, and severe weather associated with the cyclone's remnant thunderstorms.

A "landfall" should not be confused with a "direct hit", which happens when the core of high winds (or eyewall) comes over the land but the center of the storm stays over water. The effects of this are similar but storm surges can be much less. These effects are:

Freeport, Texas

Freeport is a city in Brazoria County, Texas within the Houston – Sugar Land – Baytown Metropolitan Area in Southeast Texas. As of the 2020 U.S. census, the city population was 10,696. Freeport is about sixteen miles from Angleton.

Dow Chemical is the major employer in Freeport, as the company operates a large chemical plant complex in Freeport.


San Luis Pass

San Luis Pass is a strait of water at the south-western end of Galveston Island off the shores of the U.S. state of Texas. It connects the sheltered waters of West Bay to the open Gulf of Mexico.

There are also two mountain passes of the same name in the USA:


Lincoln

Lincoln often refers to Abraham Lincoln, the 16th President of the United States. It may also mean:

People:

Places:

Other things

Movies

19 Fortuna

19 Fortuna is one of the biggest main belt asteroids. It is made up of stuff similar to 1 Ceres: a darkly colored surface that is heavily space weathered and made up of primitive organic compounds, including tholins.

Fortuna is 225 km in diameter and has one of the darkest known geometric albedos for an asteroid over 150 km in diameter. Its albedo has been measured at 0.028 and 0.037.

The Hubble Space Telescope saw Fortuna in 1993. It was resolved with an apparent diameter of 0.20 arcseconds (4.5 pixels in the Planetary Camera) and its shape was found to be nearly spherical. Moons were searched for but none were detected.

Stellar occultations by Fortuna have been seen several times.

It was found by J. R. Hind on August 22, 1852 and named after Fortuna, the Roman goddess of luck.


20 Massalia

20 Massalia is a big and fairly bright Main belt asteroid. It is also the biggest member of the Massalia family of asteroids.

Massalia is an S-type asteroid. It orbits at very low inclination in the intermediate main belt, and is by far the biggest asteroid in the Massalia family. The remaining family members are pieces blown off by a cratering event on Massalia 

Massalia has an above-average density for S-type asteroids, similar to the density of silicate rocks. As such, it appears to be a solid un-fractured body, which is rare among asteroids of its size. Apart from the few biggest bodies over 400 km in diameter, such as 1 Ceres and 4 Vesta, most asteroids appear to have been fractured a lot.

Lightcurve analysis indicates that Massalia's pole points towards either ecliptic coordinates (β, λ) = (45°, 10°) or (β, λ) = (45°, 190°) with a 10° uncertainty. This gives an axial tilt of 45°in both cases. The shape reconstruction from lightcurves has been described as quite spherical with large planar, nonconvex parts of the surface.

Massalia was found by A. de Gasparis on September 19, 1852, and also found independently the next night by J. Chacornac. It was Chacornac's discovery that was announced first.

"Massalia" is the Greek name for Marseille, where Chacornac made his discovery (de Gasparis was observing from Naples).


22 Kalliope

22 Kalliope is a big main belt asteroid of the M-type, found by J. R. Hind on November 16, 1852. It is named after Calliope, the Greek Muse of epic poetry.

Kalliope is about 180 km in diameter but is not perfectly round, as shown by images from the VLT at the European Southern Observatory 

Its spectrum is M-type, but Kalliope does not appear to be metallic. It is similar to other M-types such as 21 Lutetia. Firstly, its density is far too low to be metal. Second, spectroscopic studies have shown evidence of hydrated minerals and silicates, so the surface is probably stony. Kalliope also has a low radar albedo, unlike most metallic surfaces.

Lightcurve analysis indicates that Kalliope's pole most likely points towards ecliptic coordinates (β, λ) = (-23°, 20°) with a 10° uncertainty, which gives Kalliope an axial tilt of 103°. Kalliope's rotation is then a bit retrograde.

Kalliope has one known moon, Linus, or (22) Kalliope I Linus. It is quite big: 30–40 km in diameter. It orbits about 1065 km from Kalliope. This is about 12 times the radius of Kalliope. Linus was found on August 29, 2001 by Jean-Luc Margot and Michael E. Brown, while another team also independently found the moon 3 days later.


IPod touch

The iPod touch is a media player created and sold by Apple Inc. The public first saw it at an Apple meeting called "The Beat Goes On" on September 5, 2007. The iPod touch was famous for its touch screen. It has internet access with YouTube and the iTunes store. Apple sold it with either 8 GB, 16 GB, 32 GB, or 64 GB of storage.

The iPod touch can see the last ten songs played in a Starbucks café through Wi-Fi within the location of the iPod. The user can download tracks from the online iTunes music store with an iPod touch. This feature is to be offered in some Starbucks stores in the US. Right now, there are no plans to expand its Wi-Fi iTunes stores in any other country than the United States.

The iPod touch's touchscreen ability is the same as the iPhone's. Like the iPhone, the iPod touch also has a physical home button separate from the touch screen. The home screen includes a headphone set, an alarm clock and also a list of buttons corresponding to the available applications: Music, Videos, Photos, and iTunes on the bottom button row. Safari, Calendar, Contacts, Clock, Calculator, and Settings are at the top. The iPod touch is also sold with 28 wallpaper photos, some of which are figures from the iPod advertisements.

As of September 9, 2014, when iPod Classic was discontinued, iPod Shuffle, iPod Nano and iPod Touch were the only ones still manufactured. The iPod touch is the only remaining iPod still being manufactured as of July 27, 2017, when the iPod nano and iPod shuffle were discontinued. Apple concluded the iPod touch on May 10, 2022. However, the iPod touch was still available at Apple's online store while supplies lasted.


Before October 12, 2011, when the iPod touch is taken out of the box for the first time, it needs to be connected to a computer for it to start. When it's first turned on, iTunes must be installed on either a macOS or Microsoft Windows operating system computer for programming the iPod touch. On either operating system, the iPod touch needs a USB 2.0 port on the computer to connect. When the iPod is first turned on it needs data communications with iTunes, and will always show the "cable to iTunes" picture until it senses iTunes.

However, after October 12, 2011, new iPods that were bought will have iOS 5 installed and that means users can set up the iPod wirelessly, without connecting it to a computer. It also means that users do not have to connect their iPod to a computer in order to sync and back up data. All of this will be done through Apple's iCloud service.

The official requirements for the iPod touch are:

The iPod touch is included with Wi-Fi 802.11b/g, and, like the iPhone, has the Safari web browser and YouTube. The iPod's Wi-Fi ability can also be used to buy music from the iTunes Store.

On October 17, 2007, Steve Jobs, gave an open letter posted on Apple's webpage, announced that a software development kit (SDK) for the iPhone would be made ready to third-party developers in February 2008. Because of security concerns and Jobs' praise of Nokia's digital signature system, it is also suggested that Apple will adopt a similar method. The SDK will also apply to the iPod touch. However, end-users have still been able to "jailbreak" the iPod touch in similar methods to the iPhone, allowing the usage of third-party applications created by users. The most popular iPod touch jailbreak method is a website which takes advantage of a TIFF exploit in the iPod touch's web browser to execute the code in order to install the hacks. The site also patches the exploit as well. This method only worked on the 1.1.1 firmware, as 1.1.2 fixed the exploit needed for the installer to work.

During the initial launch of the iPod touch, reviews noted some differences compared to Apple's similar iPhone. One of the primary criticisms of the iPod touch is the absence of the iPhone's email, mapping and stock tracking applications. On January 15, 2008, Steve Jobs announced at his Macworld 2008 keynote that the "January Software Upgrade" for the iPod touch consisted of five new applications: Mail, Maps, Stocks, Notes and Weather. The new Maps feature is similar to that of the iPhone, with new software from Skyhook Wireless that pinpoints the user's location using Wi-Fi. The software upgrade is available for current iPod touch owners via iTunes download for US$19.99.[1] New iPod touch units with 1.1.3 installed (MA623LL/B or MA627LL/B) will also have the software upgrade pre-installed.[2]Customers who purchase an iPod touch with part number MA623LL/A or MA627LL/A must pay the upgrade fee to receive the new applications.

The first reviews of the iPod touch have cited some differences compared to Apple's similar iPhone. In addition to what was previously indicated regarding the differences that were subsequently considered and included in the January 2008 software upgrade, another complaint mentioned that the iPod touch had no physical buttons for volume control - a feature that the iPhone had. The iPod touch instead used software-based controls, which makes users to double click the home button, bringing up an on-screen volume control. The iPod touch also did not have the iPhone's external speakers, built-in camera, and Bluetooth capability, but the 2nd generation onward has external speakers and the Bluetooth capability. The fourth generation, released in September 2010, was the first iPod touch to feature the retina display and two built-in cameras for FaceTime and for videos and still photos. At least one critic has suggested that Apple may have left out these applications and hardware features on purpose in order to differentiate the iPod touch from its more expensive cousin, the iPhone. Others say that the touch does not need the applications mentioned above because it's an "iPod" and not a mobile phone. However, the 2009 model of the iPod touch does feature Bluetooth, but only to link with bluetooth headphones.

By now, the 5th-generation iPod touch mostly has the same functions as the iPhone, but is not quite as powerful, uses an inferior camera, lacks a built-in GPS, and lacks cell phone capabilities. However, it is cheaper than the iPhone, and also thinner, making it more portable.

A number of early iPod touch users have complained that their iPod's screen could not properly display shades of black. The problem has been related to the bad reflective coating on the LCD display and bad quality control. The defect caused the screen to have very narrow optimal viewing angle (hard to look at the screen from the side) and also resulted in "shimmering" blacks. This screen problem was later fixed with the firmware update 1.1.1 although some still complained that the screen still could not properly display certain shades of black. Critics also say that the update simply "alleviates" the screen problem by adjusting contrast settings and does not provide a fix for the screen itself.

The specifications as listed on Apple's website are:



Setting

Setting can mean:

Contact

Contact means to touch physically or to communicate with.

Contact could also mean:





Mac OS X Tiger

Mac OS X Tiger (version 10.4) is the fifth major release of Apple's Mac OS X. It was released on April 29, 2005.


Notre-Dame de Paris

Notre Dame is a very old cathedral in Paris, France. It is one of France's most famous landmarks and many people visit it each year. The cathedral is on a small island on the River Seine. It is the cathedral of the Catholic Archdiocese of Paris, one of 23 archdioceses in France. The cathedral was built during two centuries. It is a very good example of Gothic Architecture in France. At the time it was finished, the cathedral was the biggest such building in Western Europe. Between 1844 and 1864, the building was renovated under the direction of Eugène Viollet-le-Duc, who incorporated elements into the design that the medieval building had not possessed before. The two rose windows which ornate the transept are among the biggest in Europe: each has a diameter of 13m.

The bronze plate in the parvis before the cathedral is the origin of all road distances in France calculated from Paris. The national geographic institute in France uses the building as a benchmark. The coordinates and altitude for this point are known precisely.

Victor Hugo wrote a famous story called 'Notre-Dame de Paris'. The story takes place around the cathedral. The English title is 'The Hunchback of Notre Dame', and it has also been made into movies.

Tradition has it that Notre-Dame’s first stone was laid in 1163 in the presence of Pope Alexander III.

On May 21, 2013 French historian Dominique Venner committed suicide at Notre Dame de Paris because of his beliefs for gay rights. About 1,500 people were evacuated from the cathedral.

<br>

On 15 April 2019, smoke and flames were sighted and the Cathedral was declared to be on fire. The fire burnt for over half a day and caused massive damage. Most works of art in the cathedral could be saved. The French government announced that the damage would be repaired and the cathedral would be rebuilt.

Stand Up for Love

"Stand Up for Love" was the first single from Destiny's Child's greatest hits album, "1's". Released in 2005, the single became Destiny's Child's first single to fail to chart in the United States. The song was the final Destiny's Child single, although another new song from the album, "Check on It" (a solo Beyoncé Knowles song) was released.


Survivor (song)

"Survivor," Destiny's Child's signature song, is an R&B song written by American singer-songwriter Beyoncé Knowles, Anthony Dent, and Mathew Knowles for Destiny's Child's third studio album "Survivor" (2001). It was produced by Beyoncé and Dent, and was released as the album's first single in early 2001. The song reached number one in Ireland, Norway, and the United Kingdom, and entered the top 10 of the majority of the charts it appeared on, making it one of Destiny's Child most successful single releases. The song also won a Grammy Award for Best R&B Performance by a Duo or Group with Vocals.

Erich Honecker

Erich Ernst Paul Honecker (25 August 1912 – 29 May 1994) was an East German Communist politician who led the German Democratic Republic from 1971 until 1989.

After German re-unification, he went to the Soviet Union but was sent back by the new Russian government to Germany, where he was imprisoned and tried for high treason and crimes committed during the Cold War. However, as he was dying of liver cancer, he was released from prison. He died in exile in Chile about a year and a half later.

Honecker was born in Neunkirchen, nowadays Saarland. He had two brothers and three sisters.

He joined the Young Communist League of Germany (KJVD), the youth section of the Communist Party of Germany (KPD), in 1926 and joined the KPD itself in 1929. Between 1928 and 1930 he worked as a roofer, but did not finish his apprenticeship. Thereafter he was sent to Moscow to study at the International Lenin School and for the rest of his life remained a full-time politician.

He returned to Germany in 1931 and was arrested in 1935 after the Nazis had come to power ("Machtübernahme"). In 1937, he was sentenced to ten years for Communist activities and remained in captivity until the end of World War II. At the end of the war, Honecker started working for the communist party again under leader Walter Ulbricht. In 1946, he became one of the first members of the new Socialist Unity Party of Germany ("Sozialistische Einheitspartei Deutschlands", SED), made up of the old KPD and the Social Democrats of eastern Germany.

He was a member of the parliament in the Soviet Occupied Zone after the elections of October 1946. The German Democratic Republic was created on 7 October 1949. Its constitution set up a system of government like the Soviet Union's. Honecker became a candidate member of the secretariat of the Central Committee in 1950 and full member in 1958.

In 1961, Honecker was in charge of the building of the Berlin Wall. In 1971, he started a political power struggle. The Soviet's supported him, so Honecker became the new leader, or "General Secretary", of the Socialist Unity Party, replacing Walter Ulbricht. In 1976, he also became Chairman of the Council of State ("Staatsratsvorsitzender").

Under Honecker there was a big improvement in living standards, even though the GDR had the highest standard of living in the Eastern bloc countries. More consumer goods were made available and new house-building was speeded up.

Although Honecker was more caring to the people about goods and housing he did not allow criticism of the government. The most obvious way this was shown was the Berlin Wall. About 125 East German citizens were killed during this period while trying to cross the border into West Berlin.

In foreign relations, Honecker would never allow a unified Germany. He was very loyal to the USSR, but accepted détente (that is, becoming friendlier to western countries). Under his government East Germany even became friendlier to West Germany. In September 1987, he became the first East German head of state to visit West Germany.

In the late 1980s Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev introduced glasnost and perestroika, reforms to liberalize communism. Honecker and the East German government, however, refused to implement similar reforms in the DDR. As the reform movement spread across Central and Eastern Europe there were demonstrations against the East German government. The biggest were the 1989 Monday demonstrations in the city of Leipzig. The other leaders of the DDR decided to get rid of Honecker, and forced him to resign on 18 October 1989. Egon Krenz took over instead.

After the German reunification Honecker stayed in a Soviet military hospital near Berlin. Then he fled to Moscow with his wife, to avoid prosecution over charges of Cold War crimes. The German government said he should be prosecuted because 192 East Germans died trying to leave East Germany. After the Soviet Union broke up in December 1991, Honecker went to the Chilean embassy in Moscow, but was sent back by Boris Yeltsin's government in 1992. The trial started in early 1993, but Honecker was released due to ill health and on 13 January of that year moved to Chile to live with his daughter Sonja, her Chilean husband Leo Yáñez, and their son Roberto. He died of liver cancer in Santiago, Chile on 29 May 1994.

Honecker married Edith Baumann in 1950 and divorced her in 1953. They had a daughter, Erika (b. 1950). In 1953 he married Margot Feist and they remained married until his death. They had a daughter, Sonja, born in 1952. Margot Honecker was the Minister for National Education in East Germany.


Honecker's autobiography "Aus meinem Leben" is translated into English as "From my life".
New York : Pergamon, 1981. 


List of current heads of state and government

This page lists the national rulers in the world. They are heads of state and heads of government.

In some cases they are de facto leaders not occupying either of those positions or prime ministers who are not heads of government. 195 states (193 UN members + Vatican City + Taiwan) are the basic list.

Also there are leaders of 10 other national entities (quasi and unrecognized states, and of 7 in exile and/or alternative governments (only in exile governments that exercised power or succeeded governments that exercised power).

For local rulers, for example rulers of dependencies and of the main administrative divisions, such as autonomous regions, insular or peninsular regions, successors of historical regions or regions with strong identity, regions in the news, etc.) see List of the main local rulers.

!width=200pt|State
!Head of state
!Head of government
!scope="row"|
!scope="row"|
!scope="row"|
!scope="row"|
!scope="row"|
!scope="row"|
!scope="row"|
!scope="row"|
!scope="row"|
!scope="row"|
!scope="row"|
!scope="row"|
!scope="row"|
!scope="row"|
!scope="row"|
!scope="row"|
!scope="row"|
!scope="row"|
!scope="row"|
!scope="row"|
!scope="row"|
!scope="row" rowspan="4"|
!scope="row"|Presidency
!scope="row"|
!scope="row"|
!scope="row"|
!scope="row"|
!scope="row"|
!scope="row"|
!scope="row"|
!scope="row"|
!scope="row"|
!scope="row"|
!scope="row"|
!scope="row"|

Notre Dame

Notre Dame in French is the name give to a number of religious buildings, consecrated to the Virgin Mary. it was burned in the 2019 Notre Dame fire


Contact lens

A contact lens is a type of lens that are put directly onto the eye in order to help people see better. They are a different option instead of glasses. They have to be prescribed by an eye doctor. Some contact lenses can be used many times, while other types are disposable products used only once and then thrown away.


Chara (singer)

Chara (born as Miwa Watabiki, on January 13, 1968) is a Japanese singer, songwriter, musician and actress. She began performing in 1991. "Swallowtail Butterfly - あいのうた" is one of her popular songs.

Chara grew up in Kawaguchi, Saitama. She started learning the piano from age four, and starting composing songs in elementary school.


Notre-Dame de Reims

Notre Dame de Reims is a cathedral in Reims. It was built in the 13th century. It is not as old as Notre-Dame de Paris or Notre-Dame de Chartres. The building process started in 1211. Most of the works were done in 1275. It was built before the Cathedrals of Strasbourg, Amiens and Beauvais, which are also called Notre Dame.

The cathedral is one of the best examples of Gothic architecture. It has been a World Heritage Site since 1991. In 2006, about 1.5 million people visited it.

The Kings of France were crowned in this cathedral. The last coronation ceremony was that of Charles X of France in 1825.

Bayeux Cathedral

Bayeux Cathedral, also called the Cathedral of Our Lady of Bayeux (), is a cathedral. It is in Bayeux, in Normandy. The current cathedral was consecrated on July 14, 1077. It is part of a larger complex, a bishop's palace. It was built as a replacement for an earlier church which dated from the Merovingian era. It was here that Harold Godwinson swore an oath that later led to the Norman Conquest.


1131

1131 was a common year.



1118

1118 was a common year.





1107

Year 1107 (MCVII) was a common year starting on Tuesday (link will display the full calendar) of the Julian calendar.




1030

1030 (MXXX) was a common year when the Julian calendar was used. It was the thirtieth year of the 2nd millennium and the 11th century.





Coelurosauria

Coelurosauria is the clade containing all theropod dinosaurs more closely related to birds than to carnosaurs.

This is a varied group that includes tyrannosaurs, ornithomimosaurs, compsognathids and maniraptors; Maniraptora includes birds, the only descendents of coelurosaurs alive today.

All Paraves discovered so far have been coelurosaurs. It is probable that all coelurosaurs were feathered.

Some diagnostic characteristics of coelurosaurs include elongated arms and well-developed hinge-like ankles (possible rotation of the ankle is reduced, which is helpful during locomotion). These features may be lost or modified by later coelurosaurs (birds, for example).

An increase in the proportion of the brain occupied by the cerebrum seems to have occurred in the Coelurosauria and "continued throughout the evolution of maniraptorans and early birds".

A few fossil traces of the Coelurosauria date back as far as the Upper Triassic. A possible, but not confirmed, example would be the archosaur "Protoavis". What has been found between then and the start of the late Jurassic is fragmentary.

Many nearly complete fossil coelurosaurians are known from the late Jurassic. "Archaeopteryx" is known from Solnhofen limestone at 155-150 million years ago (mya). "Ornitholestes", the troodontid WDC DML 110, "Coelurus fragilis" and "Tanycolagreus topwilsoni" are all known from the Morrison Formation in Wyoming at about 150 mya. "Epidendrosaurus" and "Pedopenna" are known from the Daohugou Beds in China, whose age is still being debated, but may be about 160 Ma or 145 mya.

The wide range of fossils in the late Jurassic and morphological evidence suggests that coelurosaurian differentiation was virtually complete before the end of the Jurassic.

In the early Cretaceous, a superb range of coelurosaurian fossils (including avians) are known from the Yixian Formation in Liaoning. All known theropod dinosaurs from the Yixian Formation are coelurosaurs. Many of the coelurosaurian lineages survived to the end of the Cretaceous period (about 65 Ma) and fossils of some lineages, such as the Tyrannosauroidea, are best known from the late Cretaceous. Most coelurosaur groups became extinct in the K/T extinction event. Only the Neornithes (modern birds) survived, and continued to diversify into the numerous forms found today.

There is consensus among paleontologists that birds are the descendants of coelurosaurs. Birds are classified by most paleontologists as belonging to the subgroup Maniraptora.


Maniraptora

Maniraptors ("hand snatchers") is a clade of coelurosaurian dinosaurs starting in the Jurassic period.

Many paleontologists believe birds evolved from them some 150 or so million years ago. Hence, according to phylogenetic taxonomy, birds are by definition maniraptors, and the other maniraptors are their closest relatives. It is now known, from the Jehol biota, that many or all of this clade had feathers. They are often called dinobirds.

The most primitive (basal) member of the group may be "Ornitholestes", and the most advanced (derived) of the non-bird maniraptors is "Velociraptor" and "Deinonychus".

IEEE 802.1X

IEEE 802.1 is the name for a number of high-level protocols for computer networks. In this context, IEEE 802.1X helps secure such a network. It defines methods to authenticate devices and to authorise the access to certain resources. A dedicated server checks information received from a "supplicant". Depending on the result of the check, access to the given resource is granted or denied. 


Software Development Kit

A software development kit (SDK or "devkit") is usually a set of development tools that allows a software developer to create applications for a certain software package, software framework, hardware platform, computer system, video game console, operating system, or similar platform. 

SDKs vary greatly between a simple application programming interface to hardware used to simulate a system.

Tagged Image File Format

Tagged Image File Format (also known as TIFF) is a container format for storing images, including photographs and line art. It is now under the control of Adobe. Originally created by the company Aldus for use with what was then called "desktop publishing," TIFF is a popular format for color and black and white images. The TIFF format is widely supported by image-manipulation applications, by publishing and page layout applications, by scanning, faxing, word processing, optical character recognition and other applications. Adobe Systems, which acquired Aldus, now holds the copyright to the TIFF specification. TIFF has not had a major update since 1992, though several Aldus/Adobe technical notes have been published with minor extensions to the format, and several specifications, including TIFF/EP, have been based on the TIFF 6.0 specification.


Ounce

The ounce (abbreviated: oz, the old Italian word "onza", now spelled "oncia") is a unit of mass or of weight in a number of different systems, including various systems of mass that form part of the imperial and United States customary systems. Its size can vary from system to system. The most commonly used ounces used today are the international avoirdupois ounce of about 28.35 grams, and the international troy ounce of about 31.1 grams.



Camino (web browser)

Camino was a free, open source web browser, that was designed for the Mac OS X operating system. It was developed by the Camin0 Project, a community organization. It was based on Mozilla's Gecko rendering engine.

Pixels per inch

Pixels per inch (PPI) or pixel density is a measurement of the resolution of a computer display, related to the size of the display in inches and the total number of pixels in the horizontal and vertical directions. This measurement is often referred to as dots per inch, though that measurement more accurately refers to the resolution of a computer printer. PPI may also be used to describe the resolution of an image scanner or digital camera; in this context, it is synonymous with samples per inch.


ARM

An arm is an upper limb of the body.

Arm (or arms) can also mean:


Safari (web browser)

Safari is a web browser developed by Apple Inc. which can be downloaded free of charge. It also comes with a Mac computer. It is based on the WebKit engine, which is a fork of KDE's KHTML engine.

Apple Inc. replaced the previous default web browser, Internet Explorer, with their Safari many years ago. Steve Jobs, the founder of Apple, said that it would be released in Jan 2003. Since then, 15 types of Safari have been made. The newest one was made in Sep 2023 for iOS, iPadOS, and macOS.

Safari has several features. Some are specific to certain operating systems or platforms.
Here is a list of some of Safari's features:

Netscape Navigator

Netscape Navigator (or just Netscape) was a closed source web browser between 1994 to 1998. In 1999, they made it open source. It was first released in 1994. It was very popular during the 1990s until Internet Explorer gained more market share due to Microsoft bundling Internet Explorer with Windows 98. Netscape Communications Navigator Version 0.9B (Mosaic Netscape Navigator 0.9b) was released June 13, 1994 (at dejavu.org/1994win.htm).


List of The Simpsons Treehouse of Horror episodes

This is a list of "Treehouse of Horror" episodes from the animated television series The Simpsons. "Treehouse of Horror" episodes have aired every year since the second season (1990). Each episode has three separate segments. These segments usually involve the family in some horror, science fiction, or supernatural setting. They always take place outside the normal continuity of the show and are therefore considered to be non-canon.

The first "Treehouse of Horror" episode aired on October 25, 1990 and was inspired by EC Comics Horror tales. Before "Treehouse of Horror XI", which aired in 2000, every episode was aired in the week preceding or on October 31; "Treehouse of Horror II" and "Treehouse of Horror X" are the only episodes to air on Halloween. However, due to Fox's current contract with Major League Baseball's World Series, every episode since has aired in November, with the exception of "Treehouse of Horror XX", which aired on October 18, 2009.

From "Treehouse of Horror" to "Treehouse of Horror XIII", all three segments were written by different writers. In some cases there was a fourth writer that wrote the opening and wraparound segments. For "Treehouse of Horror", there were even three different directors for the episode. However, starting with season fifteen's "Treehouse of Horror XIV", only one writer was credited as having written a "Treehouse of Horror" episode, and the trend has continued since.

As of 2019 there are 30 "Treehouse of Horror" episodes, with one airing every year. They are known for being more violent than an average "Simpsons" episode and contain several different trademarks, including the alien characters Kang and Kodos who have appeared in every episode. Quite often the segments will parody well-known films, books, radio shows, and television shows. "The Twilight Zone" has been parodied quite often and has been the inspiration for many segments. The 31st season made a Thanksgiving themed episode named "Thanksgiving of Horror".




English literature

The term English literature means literature written in the English language.

English literature began in Old English with the epic poem Beowulf, which dates from sometime between the 8th to the 11th centuries. It is not written in language people can understand today, but there are several good translations into modern English. It is the most famous work in Old English, despite being set in Scandinavia. The poem is written with no rhymes but with alliteration. The next important landmark is the works of the poet Geoffrey Chaucer (c. 1343–1400), especially "The Canterbury Tales". That is in Middle English 1066 to the middle/late 1400s. Chaucer introduced into English poetry rhyme royal that is a seven-line stanza rhymed ababbcc.

Modern English literature began in 16th century. Thomas Wyatt and Henry Howard, Earl of Surrey wrote first English sonnets. The last-mentioned invented also blank verse. Edmund Spenser wrote "The Faerie Queene", a long epic poem while Philip Sidney wrote a sequence of sonnets Astrophel "and Stella".
The next stage is Thomas Kyd, Christopher Marlowe, Ben Jonson, Shakespeare and John Milton, sometimes described as Early Modern English (1470 to 1650).
William Shakespeare is the author of the most famous sentence written in English: "To be, or not to be, that is the question:". It is the first line of prince Hamlet's monologue from drama "The Tragedy of Hamlet, Prince of Denmark" that was published in 1603.
King James Version of Bible was published in 1611. John Bunyan wrote "The Pilgrim's Progress" which is one of the most popular books ever published.
In 18th century first modern novels were written by Daniel Defoe, Jonathan Swift, Laurence Sterne and Horace Walpole.
William Wordsworth, Samuel Taylor Coleridge, John Keats,Jane Austen, Emily Brontë, Charles Dickens,Robert Browning, George Eliot, Thomas Hardy, D.H. Lawrence, Virginia Woolf and Ted Hughes are all important English writers in modern English.

T.S. Eliot was perhaps the most important poet in 20th century who wrote in English. His best known work is the poem "The Waste Land" that was published in 1922. Another book by him was "The Four Ouarters". The poet himself regarded it as his best work.

Not all English literature was written by writers born in England. Joseph Conrad was Polish, Robert Burns was Scottish, James Joyce was Irish, Dylan Thomas was Welsh, Edgar Allan Poe was American, Hilaire Belloc was French, Emma Lazarus was Jewish, Salman Rushdie is Indian, V. S. Naipaul is Trinidadian, and Vladimir Nabokov was Russian. The greatest Portuguese poet of 20th century, Fernando Pessoa wrote some poems in English, too. In other words, English literature includes all the varieties and dialects of English spoken around the world.

English is a language known by many million people. They can read literary works from any country in English translation.
Hippolyte Adolphe Taine, "Introduction to the History of English Literature" (1863).


Auguste Escoffier

Georges Auguste Escoffier (28 October 1846 – 12 February 1935) was a French chef, restaurateur and writer who updated traditional French cooking methods and made them more popular. He was important in the development of modern French cuisine.

A lot of Escoffier's ideas and ways of working were based on Antoine Carême's. Careme wrote about French "Haute cuisine". Escoffier simplified and modernised Carême's complicated recipes and style.

As well as recording and inventing recipes, Escoffier made cooking a respected profession.

He organised his kitchens into sections run by "chefs de partie". He also carried on Careme's habit of "service à la russe" (serving each dish in the order printed on the menu) instead of "service à la française" (serving all dishes at once).
Gregor Von Görög, Chef to the Royal family at Buckingham Palace, was quick to assume this form of service, and soon all 'High Society' was adopting 'Russian-style' service.

He was born in the village of Villeneuve-Loubet, near Nice. At thirteen he became an apprentice at his uncle's restaurant, "Le Restaurant Français", in Nice. In 1865 he moved to "Le Petit Moulin Rouge" restaurant in Paris. He stayed there until the start of the Franco-Prussian war in 1870, when he became an army chef. His army experience led him to study the ways of canning food.

Some time before 1878 he opened his own restaurant, "Le Faisan d'Or" (The Golden Pheasant) in Cannes. In 1880 he married Delphine Daffis. In 1884 the couple moved to Monte Carlo, where Escoffier took control of the kitchen at the Grand Hotel.

During the summers he ran the kitchen of the Hotel National in Lucerne, where he met César Ritz. At that time the French Riviera was a winter resort.

The two men formed a partnership and in 1890 moved to the Savoy Hotel in London. From the Savoy they started a number of famous hotels, including the Grand Hotel in Rome, and many Ritz Hotels around the world.

At the London Savoy, Escoffier created many famous dishes. For example, in 1893 he invented the Pêche Melba (Peach Melba) in honour of the Australian singer Dame Nellie Melba. Another of his creations was Tournedos Rossini, in honour of the Italian composer Gioacchino Rossini. He left the Savoy Hotel after taking money from food suppliers.

In 1898 Escoffier and Ritz opened the Hôtel Ritz in Paris. The Carlton in London followed in 1899, where Escoffier first introduced the practice of the "à la carte" menu. Ritz had a nervous breakdown in 1901, leaving Escoffier to run the Carlton until 1919, shortly after Ritz's death. For a time one of his pupils was Ho Chi Minh who was training as a pastry chef.

In 1903 Escoffier published his first major book, "Le Guide Culinaire". This "Guide to Cooking" had 5,000 recipes. Even today it is used as both a cookbook and textbook for classic cooking.

In 1904 and 1912 Escoffier was hired to plan the kitchens for ships belonging to the steam-ship company Hamburg-Amerika Lines. On the second voyage, Kaiser William II congratulated Escoffier, telling him "I am the Emperor of Germany, but you are the Emperor of chefs."

In 1919, Escoffier became the first chef to receive the Legion of Honour and in 1928 was made an Officer of the Legion.

He died at the age of 88 in Monte Carlo a few days after his wife.




29 Amphitrite

29 Amphitrite is one of the biggest S-type asteroids, probably third in diameter after Eunomia and Juno, although Iris and Herculina are similar in size.

It is probably not a fully solid body, since its density is too low for a solid silicate object and much lower than Eunomia or Juno. Its orbit is less eccentric and inclined than those of its bigger cousins - being indeed the most circular of any asteroid found up to that point - and as a consequence it never becomes as bright as Iris or Hebe, especially as it is much farther from the Sun than those asteroids. It can reach magnitudes of around +8.6 at a favorable opposition, but more usually is around the binocular limit of +9.5.

Amphitrite was found by Albert Marth on March 1, 1854. It was the only asteroid he found. It is named after Amphitrite, a sea goddess in Greek mythology.

A moon is suspected based on the lightcurve data. 


31 Euphrosyne

31 Euphrosyne is one of the biggest main belt asteroids, found by James Ferguson on September 1, 1854. It was the first asteroid found from North America. It is named after Euphrosyne, one of the Charites in Greek mythology.

It is the eighth biggest main belt asteroid and contains around 1% of the mass of the entire asteroid belt, but is a very dark body near the belt's farther edge. Because of that, Euphrosyne is never visible with binoculars, having a maximum magnitude at the best possible opposition of around +10.2, which is actually fainter than any of the thirty asteroids previously found.

It has not been studied a lot despite being one of the biggest asteroids. It is a normal C-type asteroid with a primitive surface. Its orbit, however, is quite unusual. It's orbit is similar to that of 2 Pallas in its high inclination and eccentricity. Whereas Pallas and Eris - the only bigger bodies with comparably tilted orbits - have nodes near perihelion and aphelion, Euphrosyne's perihelion lies at the northernmost point of its orbit. During a rare perihelic opposition Euphrosyne is very high in the sky from northern latitudes, but invisible from such countries as New Zealand and Chile.

Its apparently low density suggests that, unlike 10 Hygiea, 704 Interamnia and 52 Europa, Euphrosyne is a loosely-packed rubble pile (an asteroid that has been broken apart by a collision with all the pieces pulled together by gravity). Its rotation period is very common for big asteroids, but nothing is known of its axial tilt.


Chemistry (band)

Chemistry is a Japanese band. This group is made up of two members: Douchin and Kawabata.They were the winners of the Asayan audition (similar to the American Idol series) in 2000 organized by Sony Music Entertainment Japan. It was formed in 2001. The first single is "PIECES OF A DREAM".

Misia (Japanese singer)

MISIA (born July 7, 1978 in Fukuoka, Fukuoka Kyūshū, Japan) is a Japanese singer who is most popular in Japan. One of her most famous songs is called "Everything". She served as an honorary ambassador on the 10th Conference of the Parties to the Convention on Biological Diversity (COP10) and the TICAD V (5th Conference on African Development) .


Pikaia

Pikaia is an extinct genus of prehistoric lancelet. It is regarded as the earliest known primitive chordate from the Middle Cambrian fossil found near Mount Pika in the Burgess Shale of British Columbia. It was discovered by Charles Walcott in 1911. Walcott classified it as a polychaete worm.
It was about 40 mm in length and swam above the sea-floor. "Pikaia" may have filtered particles from the water as it swam along. Only 60 specimens have been found to date.

Opabinia

Opabinia is a fossil animal found in Cambrian fossil deposits. Its sole species, Opabinia regalis, is known from the Middle Cambrian Burgess Shale of British Columbia. The discoverer of "Opabinia", Charles Doolittle Walcott, named it after a local mountain, Opabin Peak in the Canadian Rockies.
Thirty specimens of Opabinia are known and each ranges in size from 40 to 70 mm. The most intriguing feature of Opabinia are its five eyes found on the dorsal surface of the head. These eyes were used to search for food. Because of its flexible body it is not known whether Opabinia was pelagic or benthic.


Wiwaxia

Wiwaxia corrugata is an extinct species of animal known only from fossils found in Canada's Burgess Shale deposits. 

Wiwaxia somewhat resembles a very small porcupine (about 30 mm in diameter) with its quills pulled out. The body is covered by both spines and scales. The spines are believed to have been used for defence purposes. Wiwaxia probably grazed or scavenged by walking or crawling along the sediment. One hundred and forty specimens are known from the Burgess Shale. Similar scales and spines have turned up in similarly aged sediments from elsewhere around the world suggesting that Wiwaxia was widespread during the Cambrian.

Cambrian

The Cambrian is the first geological period of the Palaeozoic era and the Phanerozoic eon. It lasted from 541 million years ago to 485.4 million years ago. Before it came the Ediacaran, and after it the Ordovician.

Biologists have learnt quite a lot about the soft parts of Cambrian animals. This is because places have been found where soft parts of organisms are preserved as well as their more resistant shells. This means our understanding of the Cambrian biota is better than that of some later periods.

Life on Earth changed greatly during the Cambrian period. Before the Cambrian, life was mostly small and simple. Complex organisms (metazoa) evolved during the Proterozoic era. But during the Cambrian period, some organisms used carbonate minerals for shells, so they had hard parts which could become fossils. There were many different kinds of life during the Cambrian period. This increase in the diversity of lifeforms was relatively rapid, and is called the Cambrian explosion. This adaptive radiation produced the first members of the main groups of animals, called phyla.

Almost all of this new life was in the oceans. There was little life on land except a layer of microbes. There were shallow seas near several continents, because a supercontinent called Pannotia had broken into smaller pieces. The seas were warm, and there was no ice at the North and South Pole. Many animals with hard shells appeared for the first time during the beginning of the Cambrian.

At the start of the Cambrian, the earlier animals (the Ediacaran biota) may have become extinct. It seems these older life forms were affected by new types which burrowed into the sea floor. This changed the conditions of life for the older types. The burrowing must have disturbed the mat of bacteria and algae which covered the sea-floor. About this time we find the first examples of many phyla. There are also some fossil traces on what was land at the time, so perhaps a few Cambrian organisms did leave the water.

Fossils from the Cambrian period sometimes show what the soft parts were like, unlike most fossils where the soft parts disappear. Fossils from the Burgess Shale in Ontario, Canada are examples of fossils with soft parts. Here are some life forms that first appeared in the Cambrian period, with the oldest ones first:

It is not always clear which phylum a fossil should be put into. So there are some fossils which are still being discussed, years after they were discovered.

Conjecture

A conjecture is an idea in mathematics that appears "likely" to be true but that has not been "proven" to be true.

After a conjecture is proven to be true, it becomes a theorem.

Until recently, one of the most famous conjectures was Fermat's Last Theorem. The name was incorrect, because although Fermat said he had a proof for it, none could be found in his notes. In 1992, British mathematician Andrew Wiles found a proof for it, making it a theorem and not a conjecture.

Other famous conjectures include:


Not every conjecture can be proven true or false. The continuum hypothesis, which describes the size of certain infinite sets, is an example. It was shown to be independent of the generally accepted axioms of set theory, which means that it cannot be proven true or false using those axioms. It is therefore possible to take this statement, or its negation, as a new axiom in a consistent manner (much as we can take Euclid's parallel postulate as either true or false).

In this case, if a proof uses this statement, researchers will often look for a new proof that "does not" require the hypothesis The one major exception to this in practice is the axiom of choice -- unless studying this axiom in particular, the majority of researchers do not usually worry whether a result requires the axiom of choice.

Boeing 787 Dreamliner

The Boeing 787 Dreamliner is a passenger aircraft made by Boeing. Its first flight took place on 15 December 2009. It was planned to be released earlier, but the first passenger flight of the airplane was in October 2011. Because of delays some airlines got their aircraft more than two years late.

The aircraft has had some problems. On January 16, 2013, the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) said that no 787s were allowed to fly in the U.S. due to batteries catching fire. Several other countries also banned the 787 from flying in their country. The problem was fixed and the airplanes returned to flight in April.

In the late 1990s Boeing wanted to make a plane called the Sonic Cruiser, which would go very fast. According to Boeing, the 787 consumes 20% less fuel than the similarly-sized 767. But after the September 11, 2001 attacks fuel prices went up, so airlines wanted more efficient planes rather than faster ones. Boeing cancelled the Sonic Cruiser and replaced it in January 2003 with the "7E7," which was the code name for the 787 at the time. In July 2003, Boeing decided to call the new plane the "Dreamliner."

On April 26, 2004, Japanese airline All Nippon Airways became the launch customer for the 7E7, and they expected to have the plane delivered in 2008. In 2005 it was renamed the 787.

The 787 was designed to be much more efficient. It did this by using composite to build most of the plane instead of aluminum, which made the plane lighter. It also used two new engine types, the General Electric GEnx and the Rolls-Royce Trent 1000. According to Boeing this made the 787 20% more efficient than the 767.

In December 2006 Boeing said that the 787 was heavier than they expected, so the plane was delayed. Also, Boeing had tried to shorten the time to make the plane by asking parts suppliers to assemble parts of the plane. These parts manufacturers were not used to the extra work though, and this delayed the 787 even more.

Boeing started to test the 787 on the ground. They found more problems and the plane was delayed even more. Finally on December 15, 2009 the 787 went on its first flight. Boeing began testing the plane in the air. There were more problems, like a failure of one of the Rolls-Royce Trent 1000 engines, and an in flight fire, which delayed the plane even more. Some airlines wanted to be paid back for all the delays. Finally in July 2011, Boeing delivered their first 787 to ANA.

The Boeing 787 has a common type rating as the Boeing 777, which means that a pilot who trains in one of the planes can easily switch to the other with very little additional training.
One of the most interesting features of the 787 is the sawtooth pattern at the back of the engine. According to Boeing this makes the plane quieter for people on the plane and on the ground. The engines also have sound absorbing material at the front of the engine to make the plane even quieter.
The inside of the 787 is the most noticeable feature. The windows are much bigger on the 787 than on other planes because the plane is made mostly of composite, which is stronger than the aluminum which is used on most other planes. Also, the windows of the plane don't use slide-down shades like most planes. Instead they have buttons which can make the window darker or lighter. The inside of the plane also uses LED lighting. This lets the plane change the colors of the lights inside.

The fact that the plane is made of composites instead of aluminum makes the passengers more comfortable. Most passenger planes fly so high that they need to pump air into the cabin so the passengers can breathe. Most planes pump in enough air so that the passengers feel like they are at about 8000 feet (2400 meters). But since the 787 uses composites, which are stronger than aluminum, the plane can pump in more air so the passengers feel like they are at about 6000 feet (1800 meters). The composite is also less vulnerable to corrosion, so the plane can have a higher humidity than most other planes. Boeing says that these improvements will make passengers feel better after a long flight.

Boeing makes 3 variants of the Dreamliner: the 787-8, the 787-9, and the 787-10. The 787-10 is in testing. They were also going to make the 787-3, but it was later cancelled due to low airline demand.

The -8 is the shortest 787 variant, flying 210 people about 15200 km. It started flying in 2011. The -8 will replace the Boeing 767-200ER and Boeing 767-300ER aircraft. It is meant for very long trips with fewer passengers, where a bigger plane will not make enough money for the airline.

The -9 is a larger 787 and has a range of about 15750 km. It can fly about 270 people and started production in 2014. It can carry more weight than the -8, and is longer than the -8. It competes against the Airbus A330-300 and A330-200 aircraft. It will replace the Boeing 767-400ER.

The -10 is larger than both the 787-8 and the 787-9. It will carry about 300 people, but to do that it will have less range. It will compete with the Airbus A350, and it will also replace the Boeing 777-200ER aircraft.

The -3 was going to be the smallest and would have the shortest range at about 5000 km, and would fly about 290 people. It would have replace the Boeing 747-400D (the D stands for domestic, which means flights that take-off and land in the same country) that was used by two Japanese airlines. At first these Japanese airlines had ordered the 787-3, but since the plane was late the airlines cancelled their orders. This made Boeing scrap the 787-3.

Akshobhya

Buddha Akshobhya is one of the five Dhyani buddhas. In Chinese, he is called "Ah-Chu-For". In Japanese, he is called Ashuku Nyoral and In Tibetan, he is called Mi Kyu Pa, or Sang Gye.

According to the scripture, "Akobhyavyha Sutra", it is written that a monk wished to practice the Dharma and made a vow- not to feel angry or disgust at another being and he will manage anger appropriately. When he succeeded, he became Buddha Akshobya, an immovable one. He was given charge over the eastern paradise Abhirati Pure Land (the land of Joyous). It is believed that those who are reborn in this Pure Land will not be born in lower realms of consciousness and are never to be born again. In the Akshobhya sutra, it is also mentioned that the "Buddha Shakyamuni", himself praised the patience of Akshobhya and making his determination a reality.

Akshobya represents Dharma that changes hatred and dislike into wisdom. He is shown touching the earth with his right hand and holding an upright thunderbolt in his left hand. Akshobya's blessings enables us to develop wisdom and understand the true nature of reality.

Akshobhya, meaning unshakeable, is one of many Buddhas found in Mahayana and Vajrayana Buddhism. He is described in the Mahayana Sutras of Northern Buddhism and in the Tantra literature. Although a relatively minor figure in the Sutras Akshobhya is of major importance in the Tantras occupying a central role in Vajrayana Buddhism at all levels. He is easily recognized in paintings by having a buddha-like form, blue body colour and the left hand supporting an upright vajra scepter. There are no other Buddhist figures that have this same iconographic appearance. Tantric depictions of Buddhas are commonly shown with jewel ornaments and a crown.

Jambhala

In the Buddhist religion, Jambhala is the wealth-giving form of Avalokiteśvara or Chenrezig, the bodhisattva of compassion. 

Jambhala's blessings are to help others by eliminating poverty, so that they may practice the Dharma. There are five Jambhalas - Yellow Jambhala (overcomes pride), White Jambhala (overcomes attachment), Black Jambala (overcomes resentment), Green Jambhala (overcomes jealousy) and Red Jambhala (overcomes greed). For instance, the White Jambhala is shown sitting on a turquoise dragon and his left hand holds a mongoose that spews out precious jewels.

Bodhi

Bodhi (Sanskrit) or Enlightenment refers to full awakening where all limitations have been removed from the mind. All positive potential including unlimited compassion, skill and wisdom are said to be realized. The enlightened being is free from samsara.

Combinatorics

Combinatorics is a branch of mathematics. It is concerned with finite or countable infinite sets. Combinatorics is part of discrete mathematics. Combinatorics are about graph theory, or Partitions of sets. According to George Pólya, combinatorics looks at counting the number of possibilities, and about the questions whether certain configurations exist, and how to get to them.

Permutation is concerned with the following problems:

There are variations in the problems as follows:


Enrique Granados

Enrique Granados (born Lérida, Spain, 27 July 1867; died in the English Channel, 24 March 1916) was a Spanish composer and pianist. He lived most of his life in Barcelona. His favourite painter was Goya and his best work, the piano pieces called "Goyescas", are inspired by Goya’s paintings.

Granados started having piano lessons in Barcelona and then went to Paris where he studied privately with Charles de Bériot. He returned to Barcelona in 1889 and the following year gave his first piano recital. He wrote a zarzuela (light opera) called "Maria del Carmen". The king liked it very much and gave him an award.

During the following years he composed a lot and performed with famous musicians such as Jacques Thibaud, Pau Casals and Camille Saint-Saëns. His piano suite "Goyescas" was first performed in Barcelona in 1911 and then in Paris in 1914 where it soon became extremely popular.

He was persuaded to make "Goyescas" into an opera. The opera was going to be performed at the Paris Opéra but, because of World War I it was performed in New York instead. Granados was invited to go to New York to watch the first performance of his opera. He was very frightened of the sea, but eventually was persuaded to go. The opera was a great success when it was performed on 26 January 1916. Granados felt that he was at the beginning of a successful career. President Wilson invited him to play the piano at the White House. Because of this invitation he missed the ship that would have taken him back to Spain. He took a ship to England instead. In Liverpool, he got off the ship and got onto another one which would take him to Dieppe in France. The ship was called the "Sussex". When the "Sussex" was in the middle of the English Channel it was torpedoed by a German submarine. Granados managed to get onto a lifeboat, but then he saw his wife in the sea and he jumped in to try to save her, but they both drowned.

Granados wrote mainly piano works and songs. He was influenced by Romantic composers such as Grieg, Schumann and Liszt, but he was starting to make his music sound very Spanish. His songs include some of the best written by a Spanish composer. His piano works include "Ten Spanish Dances", which are not too difficult to play, and the suite "Goyescas" which is mostly quite difficult to play. The most popular piece in this suite is called "Lament, or The Maiden and the Nightingale". It has a very romantic tune which is repeated several times.

Manuel de Falla

Manuel de Falla (born Cádiz, Spain, 23 November 1876; died Alta Gracia, Argentina, 14 November 1946) was a Spanish composer. Falla (pronounce: “FA-ya”), together with Albéniz and Granados, helped to make Spanish music important again after three centuries during which there had been no important Spanish composers.

Falla had his first music lessons in Cádiz. At first he did not know whether he wanted to take music or literature as a career. When he was ten he started to go to music evenings where he heard chamber music being played. Then he started to go to the opera, and he heard church music and orchestral music. He liked the music of Grieg and decided that he wanted to do something similar with Spanish music. He went to Madrid where he studied very hard and won prizes. His first compositions were played in Cádiz. He studied with Pedrell who had also taught Albéniz and Granados.

He wrote a song called "Tus ojillos negros" which became very popular, and he won a prize for a piano composition, but it was his opera "La vida breve" (1904-1905) which really showed his genius, although it was not performed at the time. No one in Spain wanted to perform his zarzuelas, so he went to Paris in 1907. He soon made friends with Dukas, Debussy and Ravel. He made changes to "La vida breve" and it was performed in Paris in 1913. His piano works and songs were also performed in Paris, and in Madrid.

In 1915 he wrote "El amor brujo". It was a work with dances, songs and spoken passages. He soon turned it into a ballet. The music uses the songs of Andalusia and the rhythms of Spanish folkmusic. He wrote a work for solo piano and orchestra called "Noches en los jardines de España" ("Nights in the gardens of Spain"). Later he changed it to a ballet for Diaghilev, calling it "El sombrero". It was performed in London in 1919 with designs by Picasso. The music is very lively and often sounds like a guitar. He wrote a piano piece called "Fantasia bética" (1919) which is the most important Spanish piano work after Albéniz’s "Iberia".

Falla had many friends, including Lorca. They liked small theatre pieces and Falla wrote "El retablo" and set it as a puppet opera. He liked the music of the past centuries, and wrote a concerto for harpsichord and five other instruments.

During his final years Falla was composing a very large work called "Atlántida". It was a long oratorio for soloists, chorus and orchestra. The words were in Catalan. Falla did not live long enough to finish the work. He became very depressed because of World War II. In the end he was invited to Argentina where he settled. He continued to work at "Atlántida", but he had not finished it when he died. A man called Ernesto Halffter spent many years trying to finish it and prepare it for a performance. It was performed on stage at La Scala, Milan, in 1962, but it does not work well as an opera. Occasionally it is performed as a concert piece.


Joaquín Turina

Joaquín Turina Pérez (9 December 188214 January 1949) was a Spanish composer of classical music.

Turina was brought up in Seville, and the music of this town always had a big influence on his music. His father was a painter. As a small boy Turina’s favourite toy was a small toy accordion. He started to study medicine, but he wanted to be a musician, so his father let him study music instead. He had piano lessons with Enrique Rodriguez and studied harmony with Garcia Torres, who was in charge of music at the cathedral in Seville.

Soon Turina started to compose. He met Falla and the two musicians became lifelong friends. He moved to Paris in 1905 where he studied with Moskowski and d’Indy. One of the his first works to be performed was piano quintet. The style was similar to César Franck. Albéniz heard it and advised the young composer to make his music sound Spanish.

Turina’s music started to be performed widely. In 1914 both Turina and Falla returned to live in Spain. They were two of the most important Spanish composers. He was choirmaster at the Teatro Real and he had an opera "Jardin de oriente" performed there. He became director of the Madrid Conservatory and received many honours. He died after a long illness.

Turina’s music always sounds very Spanish, although he used the forms of main European composers. He wrote many short piano pieces which often describe a person. He wrote songs and guitar music.


Edouard Lalo

Edouard Lalo (born Lille, 27 January 1823; died Paris, 22 April 1892) was a French composer. 

His family originally came from Spain. Edouard learned to play the piano and violin at the Lille Conservatory, but his parents did not want him to take music as a profession. So he left home when he was 16 and went to Paris. He took some lessons and earned money by teaching and playing the violin. He liked chamber music. Not many people in France were interested in chamber music at that time. With three friends he formed a string quartet and they helped to make the string quartets of Haydn, Mozart and Beethoven better known in France. He played the viola in his quartet, and later he played second violin. In 1859 he composed a string quartet.

It was not until the 1870s, when he was already in his 50s, that he started to become really well known. Some famous conductors such as Pasdeloup, Lamoureux and Colonne and the violinist Sarasate took an interest in his orchestral works and performed them. He wrote a violin concerto and a work called "Symphonie espagnole" ("Spanish Symphony") which was also for solo violin and orchestra. Sarasate played both these works. He wrote a cello concerto in 1877.

He wrote an opera "Le roi d’Ys", but no opera house wanted to perform it. They asked him to write a ballet instead. He did not know anything about ballet, but he composed one called "Namouna". It had some good music, although people who did not like him said it sounded like Wagner or like the music of someone who is used to writing symphonies.

In 1888 his opera "Le roi d’Ys" was performed at last. It was an enormous success, but Lalo only had four more years to live, and he did not compose anything more of importance. He had married one of his pupils in 1865 and they had a son.

In France Lalo is mainly remembered for his opera "Le roi d’Ys", but in other countries his best known work is his "Symphonie espagnole". It is not really a “symphony”, it is a violin concerto. It has five movements and there are lots of lively, Spanish rhythms. His cello concerto is also an excellent work.

The New Grove Dictionary of Music & Musicians ed. Stanley Sadie, 1980

Las Vegas Raiders

The Las Vegas Raiders are a professional American football team. They are in the National Football League. They play in Paradise, Nevada, USA. Their stadium is Allegiant Stadium. They were created in 1960 as an American Football League team. They play in the Western Division of the American Football Conference (AFC). The other teams in the Western Division are the Denver Broncos, Kansas City Chiefs, and Los Angeles Chargers. The Raiders have won three Super Bowls.

A few months after the AFL's first draft in 1959, owners of the Minneapolis new team (later known as the Minnesota Vikings) accepted the invitation to join the National Football League. Needing a replacement, the AFL tried to find one quickly. Oakland was thought to be an unlikely city to have a professional American football team. The AFL owners picked Oakland after Los Angeles Chargers owner Barron Hilton threatened to drop his team unless a second team was placed on the West Coast. The city of Oakland was awarded the eighth AFL team on January 30, 1960, and the team took over the Minneapolis club's draft picks. The new Oakland team was called the "Raiders", which is used as a synonym for a pirate. The team logo includes an illustration of a pirate.

In the early years, the Raiders struggled. When Al Davis came in as head coach and general manager, the Raiders got better. Davis hired John Rauch and went to the their first AFL Championship against the Houston Oilers and won it 40-7. After winning their first AFL championship they earned a shot at Super Bowl II and lost to Green Bay Packers 33-14. The next two years, the Raiders again won Western Division titles, only to lose the AFL Championship to the eventual Super Bowl winners—the New York Jets (1968) and Kansas City Chiefs (1969).

After the 1969 season, the AFL decided to merge with the NFL. The Raiders join the American Football Conference as a Western Division member. John Madden was hired as head coach. Madden took the Raiders to their first Super Bowl win against Minnesota Vikings 32-14 in Super Bowl XI. Later, Madden left for a commentary career. The Raiders hired Tom Flores, the first Hispanic head coach in NFL history. Flores took the Raiders for their second Super Bowl win against Philadelphia Eagles 27 10 in Super Bowl XV. The Raiders became the first wild card team to win a Super Bowl.

Al Davis signed a note to make the Raiders move to Los Angeles. The Raiders won their third Super Bowl against the Washington Redskins.

The Raiders moved back to Oakland. The Raiders have struggled since 2003 season after losing to the Tampa Bay Buccanears in Super Bowl XXXVII. They returned to the playoffs in 2016, but lost in the first round to the Houston Texans. They played their final year in Oakland in 2019 before moving to Las Vegas in 2020. They finished their first season in Las Vegas with 8 wins and 8 losses.

"Note: W = Wins, L = Losses, T = Ties"
+ = Due to a strike-shortened season in 1982, all teams were ranked by conference instead of division.


Wagenhausen

Wagenhausen is a municipality of the district of Frauenfeld in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.

Wäldi

Wäldi is a municipality of the district of Kreuzlingen in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.

Wängi

Wängi is a municipality of the district of Münchwilen in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.

Warth-Weiningen

Warth-Weiningen is a municipality of the district of Frauenfeld in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.

Wigoltingen

Wigoltingen is a municipality of the district of Weinfelden in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.

Wilen

Wilen is a municipality of the district of Münchwilen in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.

Wuppenau

Wuppenau is a municipality in Weinfelden in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.


Zihlschlacht-Sitterdorf

Zihlschlacht-Sitterdorf is a municipality of the district of Weinfelden in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.

Auenstein, Aargau

Auenstein is a municipality of the district Brugg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

It is about northwest of Lenzburg.


Auw, Aargau

Auw is a municipality of the district Muri in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Daniel D. Tompkins

Daniel D. Tompkins (June 21, 1774 – June 11, 1825) was an entrepreneur, jurist, congressman, governor of New York, and the sixth vice president of the United States from 1817 to 1825.

Overijssel

Overijssel (Latin: "Transisalania") is a province of the Netherlands. It is in the central eastern part of the country. The province's name in both Dutch and Latin means "Lands across river IJssel". The capital city of Overijssel is Zwolle. Its biggest city is Enschede. About 1,184,000 people are living in Overijssel (2023). 

Overijssel has Germany to the east. The Achterhoek region of Gelderland lies to the south, the Veluwe region of Gelderland and Flevoland are to the west, and Friesland and the former moors of Drenthe to the north. Overijssel is made of three regions: Kop van Overijssel in the northwest, Salland in the centre of the province, and Twente in the east. Besides the capital Zwolle, the major cities are Almelo, Deventer, Enschede, and Hengelo.

To the southeast, the land is mostly sandy. There are small rivers and brooks cutting through it. Examples for such rivers are Regge and Dinkel. In the northwest, the geology is mostly made of sediments from the "Overijsselse Vecht" and clay. The northern parts were once covered by "veen" (bogs) which separated the dryer and more arable south from Drenthe. These bogs have been exploited as fuel to a large degree. Only small patches survive today ("Engbertsdijksvenen" near Tubbergen, "Witteveen" (near Haaksbergen, and the Aamsveen (near Enschede). The extreme northwest is dominated by a system of lakes formed by former peat-mining, the Weerribben, which is a valuable wetland.

The highest point in Overijssel is the summit of the Tankenberg, a hill in the municipality of Losser. It is 89 metres (295 ft). The lowest point is in the Mastenbroek Polder near Kampen at 2 metres (6 ft) below sea level.

Overijssel was formerly known as Oversticht. In 1336, it was made part of Guelders. It was given to the Bishopric of Utrecht in 1347. Utrecht was known as "het Sticht". The Bishops gave the Oversticht to the Emperor Charles V in 1528, who styled himself "Lord of Overijssel". With this, he gave the province its modern name. The people joined with the other Dutch and rebelled against Charles' heir Philip II. Overijssel became governed by the most powerful mayors and lords in the province.

After a brief occupation by the forces of the Bishop of Münster (1672–1674), Overijssel received a new form of government. This granted the stadtholders more power. Widespread resistance against the bigger power throughout the provinces lead to the Batavian Republic in 1795. A centralist government arose and the Netherlands was organised into a series of "départements", based on those used by revolutionary France. At first organised into its own "département", it was merged with Drenthe in 1798 to form Ouden Ijssel, which was renamed Overijssel in 1801.

The French annexed the Batavian Republic in 1810, and Overijssel was organised into the new French département of Bouches-de-l'Yssel. After the defeat of Napoleon in 1814, the kingdom of the Netherlands and the former province of Overijssel were recreated. Overijssel was briefly occupied by Nazi Germany during World War II from May 1940, until its liberation in April 1945. The Noordoostpolder, which had been laid dry in 1942, was part of Overijssel from 1962 until 1986, when it became part of the newly created province of Flevoland.


Walker, Texas Ranger

Walker, Texas Ranger is an action/police television series. It was created by Leslie Greif and Paul Haggis. The series stars Chuck Norris as a member of the Texas Rangers. His co-stars include Sheree J. Wilson as D.A. Alex Cahill and Clarence Gilyard as Texas Ranger Jimmy Trivette.

The series was televised on CBS in the spring of 1993. This first season consisted of three pilot episodes. Eight full seasons followed from September 25, 1993 to May 19, 2001. It was televised in over 100 countries. A made-for-television movie "Trial By Fire" has been televised. The series airs in reruns. The entire series has been released to DVD.

The show is known for its conservative moral values. The wholesome main characters don't use drugs, and they participate in community service. Martial arts were the primary tool of law enforcement. Occasionally Walker and company used martial arts to reach out to the community. The series has since become one of the most popular action series in television history. It has gained a cult following for its camp appeal.

The series is centered on a Dallas-Fort Worth–based member of the Texas Rangers named Cordell Walker. Walker was raised by his paternal uncle, a Native American named Ray Firewalker (Floyd Red Crow Westerman). Cordell prior to joining the Rangers served in the Marines' elite recon unit during the Vietnam War. Both Cordell and Uncle Ray share the values characteristic of Wild West sheriffs.

His partner and best friend is James "Jimmy" Trivette (Clarence Gilyard), a former Dallas Cowboys player "Go Long T" who takes a more modern approach. Walker's young partner grew up in Baltimore and used football as his ticket to college education. He was dropped from the team after he tore up his shoulder in a major game, which led to his career in the Rangers (often making references to watching the "Lone Ranger" and how C.D. Parker mentored him as a Rookie Officer). Trivette also works inside the office using computers and cellular phones to collate information of the people who have been taken into custody. Walker also works closely (and shares a mutual attraction) with Alexandra "Alex" Cahill (Sheree J. Wilson), a Tarrant County Assistant District Attorney, who on occasion puts up a frown if Walker does not obtain results in time. He also gets advice on cases from C.D. Parker (Gailard Sartain (pilot season), Noble Willingham (seasons 1–7)), a veteran Ranger (later inducted into the Texas Rangers Hall of Fame) who worked with Walker until retiring to operate a small restaurant and bar called "CD's Bar and Grill", a restaurant widely known in the series for its chili. In Season 7 two rookie Texas Rangers, Sydney Cooke (Nia Peeples) and Francis Gage (Judson Mills), are assigned under Walker and Trivette's command.




Chuck Norris facts

Chuck Norris facts is an Internet phenomenon with joke "facts" about martial artist and actor Chuck Norris. The "facts" are jokes about Norris' toughness, attitude, virility, "alpha-male status", and masculinity. They are given in a comically serious tone, for example:
The "facts" usually say that Chuck Norris is a very angry, all-powerful, superbeing. Some of these "facts" have also turned into popular jokes. Like most Internet phenomena, the Chuck Norris facts have spread around the world. They have been translated into many different languages as well as used as the basis for advertising and other Internet phenomena. The "facts" often refer to his use of roundhouse kick attacks to do almost anything, his beard, and his role in the action television series "Walker, Texas Ranger".

Chuck Norris facts were first seen on the Internet in early 2005. Conan O'Brien's Chuck Norris jokes on "Late Night with Conan O'Brien" have been seen as a cause for the fad. These "facts" are similar to "Tall tales" such as those of Paul Bunyan. Chuck Norris Facts started being used in the gaming community shortly after a Chuck Norris Fact generator was created for use with World of Warcraft in early 2006.

Chuck Norris has talked about the Chuck Norris facts on his official website, chucknorris.com, with a statement. He was surprised and liked the attention. He said that some of the statements were indeed funny but he tries not to take any of them seriously. He hoped that the "facts" would get people to want to know the real facts about Chuck Norris found in his literary works.

Norris appeared in a 2007 commercial for Mountain Dew where he had his revenge on the two fictional webmasters of a site that showed Norris in a humorous way. This is a reference to the Chuck Norris facts meme.

In December, 2007, Norris sued when these statements were published in book form by Penguin in November 2007.


Magglio Ordóñez

Magglio Jose "Maggs" Ordóñez (b. January 28, 1974) is a former Major League Baseball player from Venezuela. He was a right fielder and right-handed batter. Ordóñez was born in Coro, Venezuela. He played for the Chicago White Sox from 1997 to 2004 and the Detroit Tigers from 2005 to 2011. After his baseball career, Ordóñez became a mayor in Venezuela.

, or Retrosheet

Johan Santana

Johan Alexander Santana () (born March 13, 1979, in Tovar, Mérida State, Venezuela) is a Major League Baseball left-handed starting pitcher who plays for the New York Mets. His first team was the Minnesota Twins.

Minnesota Twins

The Minnesota Twins are a Major League Baseball team in Minneapolis, Minnesota. They began in 1901 as the Washington Senators, based in Washington, D.C. They moved to the Minneapolis-St. Paul metropolitan area in 1961. That area is often called the "Twin Cities", so the team was renamed the "Twins". They have often worn a "TC" emblem on their uniforms and caps.

As the Senators, they were not very successful overall. They had some strong teams in the 1920s and 1930s, but most years they played poorly. As the Twins, they have had much better success, with two World Series championships, in 1987 and 1991, and many other post-season games.

They first played at Metropolitan Stadium in the suburb of Bloomington, Minnesota. They moved to the Metrodome in 1982, and then to Target Field in 2010.


Hard-Fi

Hard-Fi are a popular indie rock band from Staines an area of London, England. They are named after Lee Scratch Perry's description of his studio . They have had two hit albums in the UK charts: "Stars of CCTV" and "Once Upon a Time in the West". Their most successful songs include, but are not exclusive to "Suburban Knights" and "Hard to Beat".


Room

A room (or chamber) is a space inside a structure or building. Usually, a room is separated from other rooms and from the outside by walls. Doors provide access.

A room may have a specified purpose, defined by its use. Examples of such rooms are the bedroom, the kitchen, and the bathroom.

Self

A self is an individual person, from their own point of view. To you, self is you. To someone else, self is that person.

The following list of topics is provided as an overview of and introduction to the self:





You have:


See the list at Virtue#Virtues and values
















Goldbach's conjecture

Goldbach's conjecture is one of the oldest unsolved problems in number theory and in all of mathematics. It states:

On 7 June 1742, the Prussian mathematician Christian Goldbach wrote a letter to Leonhard Euler in which he suggested the following conjecture, which would later be called Goldbach's strong conjecture:
He considered 1 to be a prime number, a convention subsequently abandoned. 
Goldbach wrote that even numbers 4 and up could always be composed of two different prime numbers.

A weaker version of Goldbach's original conjecture is:
This is called Goldbach's weak conjecture. Euler, becoming interested in the problem, wrote back to Goldbach saying that the weak conjecture would be implied by Goldbach's strong conjecture, saying that he was certain that the theorem was true (""ein ganz gewisses Theorema""), but he was unable to prove it. 

Goldbach's weak conjecture was later proved by Harald Helfgott in 2013, but Goldbach's strong conjecture has not been proved yet.


Compass (drafting)

A compass (or pair of compasses) is a drawing tool that can be used to draw circles or arcs, parts of circles. They can also be used to measure distances, in particular on maps. Compasses can be used for mathematics, drafting, navigation, and more.

Compasses are usually made of metal, and have two parts called "legs" meeting at a hinge. The legs can be moved apart or together to change the size of the circle. One part has a spike, a sharp, pointy part at its end, and the other part has a pencil or a pen. There are two types of compasses: the mechanical compass and normal compass. The mechanical compass is a compass that has a mechanical pencil, and the normal compass is a compass that has a normal pen or pencil on it. To make the compass work, you need to change how far the pencil sticks out.

A divider is a compass that has two parts with a spike, and is used to show measurements of distances and lengths. It is called a divider because it is used to divide (make smaller things from a bigger thing) a distance in two, using geometry.

Circles can be made by pressing the leg with the spike into the paper, putting the pencil on the paper, and moving the pencil in the circle. To do this, you need to not to move the legs farther apart or closer together while you are drawing the circle. A circle can be made bigger or smaller by moving the legs farther apart or closer together.

Distances can be measured on a map using dividers,compasses with two spikes. The distance between the spikes on the map shows a distance in reality. Measuring how many times the compasses fit between two things on the map shows the distance between those things.

Compass and straightedge drawing is used to show things in plane geometry (geometry used on a flat area). Real compasses are used on paper, but the perfect compass used in proofs is an imaginary, perfect tool that draws perfect circles. The most strict definition of this ideal tool, used for explaining, is the "collapsing compass". It draws a circle from a given place with a given radius and cannot be used again. That is, unlike a real pair of compasses, it cannot simply be moved to another place and used to draw another circle that is the same.

43 Ariadne

43 Ariadne is a fairly big and bright main belt asteroid. It is the second-biggest member of the Flora asteroid family. It was found by N. R. Pogson on April 15, 1857 and named after the Greek heroine Ariadne.

Ariadne is very stretched out (almost twice as long as its smallest shape). It is a retrograde rotator, although its pole points almost parallel to the ecliptic towards ecliptic coordinates (β, λ) = (-15°, 235°) with a 10° uncertainty. This gives an axial tilt of about 105°.




45 Eugenia

45 Eugenia is a big Main belt asteroid. It is famous because it is one of the first asteroids to be found to have a moon orbiting it. It is also the second known triple asteroid, after 87 Sylvia.

Eugenia was found in 1857 by Hermann Goldschmidt. It was named after Empress Eugenia di Montijo, the wife of Napoleon III, and was the first asteroid to be named after a real person, rather than a figure from classical legend (although there had been controversy about whether 12 Victoria was really named for the mythological figure or for Queen Victoria).

Eugenia is a big asteroid, with a diameter of 214 km. It is an F-type asteroid, which means that it is very dark in colouring (darker than soot) made up of carbonate. Like Mathilde, its density appears to be unusually low, indicating that it may be a loosely-packed rubble pile (an asteroid that has been broken apart by a collision and pulled back together by gravity).

Lightcurve analysis indicates that Eugenia's pole most likely points towards ecliptic coordinates (β, λ) = (-30°, 124°) with a 10° uncertainty, which gives it an axial tilt of 117°. Eugenia's rotation is then retrograde.

In November 1998, astronomers at the Canada-France-Hawaii Telescope on Mauna Kea, Hawaii, found a small moon orbiting Eugenia. This was the first time a moon orbiting an asteroid had been found by a ground-based telescope. Eugenia's moon has been named (45) Eugenia I Petit-Prince, after Empress Eugenia's son, the Prince Imperial. The moon is much smaller than Eugenia, about 13 km in diameter, and takes five days to complete an orbit around it.

A second, smaller (estimated diameter of 6 km) moon that orbits closer to Eugenia than Petit-Prince has since been found and provisionally named S/2004 (45) 1. It was found by analyses of three images acquired in February 2004 from the 8.2 m VLT "Yepun" at the European Southern Observatory (ESO) Cerro Paranal, in Chile. The discovery was announced in IAUC 8817, on 7 March 2007 by Franck Marchis and his IMCCE collaborators.


Moomin (singer)

MOOMIN (b. July 13, 1972) is a Japanese reggae singer. He comes from Chigasaki City, Kanagawa Prefecture.


List of Japanese deities

This is a list of divinities native to Japanese beliefs and religious traditions. Many of these are from Shinto, while others were imported via Buddhism or Taoism and "integrated" into Japanese mythology and folklore.

The following is a list of some of the major and minor deities called kami in Shinto. As it is often said that there are "yaoyorozu-no-kami" or 8 million kami (a representation of an infinite number), it would be impossible to list them all.

Ama-no-Uzume 

Amaterasu-ō-mi-kami 

Ame-no-Koyane 

Fujin 

Hachiman 

Inari 

Izanagi 

Izanami 

Ninigi-no-Mikoto 

Raijin 

Ryūjin 

Susanoo-no-mikoto 

Tenjin

Toyotama-hime 

Tsukuyomi-no-Mikoto 


Amida Nyorai 

Daruma 

Benzaiten 

Bishamonten 

Daikokuten 

Ebisu 

Fukurokuju 

Hotei 

Kichijōten 

Jurōjin


Lantana camara

Lantana camara or Spanish flag is a hairy shrub native from tropical America. It is regarded as a notorious weed, and popular ornamental garden plant in many parts of the world.


14th Dalai Lama

His Holiness Tenzin Gyatso is the fourteenth Dalai Lama. His full name is Jetsun Jamphel Ngawang Lobsang Yeshe Tenzin Gyatso. The Dalai Lama was born in Tagtser (Amdo) in Tibet to a family of farmers on July 6, 1935. He is the fourteenth and current Dalai Lama. He is the political and spiritual leader of Tibet. On October 6, 2009, he received the Lantos Human Rights Prize from United States House Speaker Nancy Pelosi. In 1989 he was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize for his work encouraging understanding between different religions and encouraging people and countries to care for one another. He is always working for the freedom of Tibet through dialogue, and encourages young Tibetans to study their language, history and philosophy to preserve it and to promote it to the world.


Lama

In the Tibetan language, lama means teacher. A lama is a religious teacher, guide, or mentor of Tibetan Buddhism. The meaning is similar to the Sanskrit term "guru". The word "lama" is part of the title, Dalai Lama.

Rinpoche

Rinpoche is a title in Tibetan Buddhism which may be given to a religious teacher known as a lama. The word "Rinpoche" literally means "precious one". 

In Tibet and Bhutan, when used as "Guru Rinpoche" it refers to Padmasambhava, who first brought Tibetan Buddhism to the Himalayas. When used as "Je Rinpoche", it refers to Je Tsongkhapa, the founder of the Gelug School.

Padmasambhava

Padmasambhava was a Buddhist monk from the Gandhara region (Oddiyana) of Pakistan. He is the person who brought Buddhism to Tibet in the 8th century and founded the Nyima school of Tibetan Buddhism. The name is in the Sanskrit language and means "born from a lotus flower". In Bhutan and Tibet he is better known as Guru Rinpoche ("Precious Master") or Lopon Rinpoche, where followers of the Nyingma school regard him as the second Buddha.

The mantra of Padmasambhva is ""Om Ah Hum Vajra Guru Padma Siddhi Hum"" and is called the "Vajra Guru mantra". There is also a prayer called "The Seven Line Prayer" which is devoted to him.



Kitsune

Foxes and human beings lived close together in ancient Japan; this is why there are legends about them. Kitsune have become closely associated with Inari, a Shinto "kami" or spirit, and serve as his messengers. This role has reinforced the fox's supernatural importance. The more tails a kitsune has — they may have as many as nine — the older, wiser, and more powerful it is. Because of their potential power and influence, some people make offerings to them as to a god.

Phonetics

Phonetics (from the Greek word φωνή, "phone" which means 'sound' or 'voice') is the science of the sounds of human speech. Someone who is an expert in phonetics is called a phonetician.

Phonetic theory regards the nature of sounds in speech (called phones) and how they are made, heard and thought of. Phonology, which came from it, studies sound systems and sound units (such as phonemes and distinctive features). Phonetics is one of the two parts of orthographical linguistics, the other part being spelling, differing from grammar and lexis.

Phonetics has three main branches:

There are more than 100 different phones recognized by the International Phonetic Association (IPA) and are shown in their writing system called the International Phonetic Alphabet.

The first time phonetics was studied was 2,500 years ago in what is now Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan
, with , when he wrote about the place and manner of articulation of consonants in Sanskrit in his 5th century BC essay on Sanskrit linguistics. The major Indic scripts today order their consonants the way did.


Laws of Form

Laws of Form is a book by George Spencer-Brown published in 1969. It is about logic, mathematics, and philosophy. The mathematical systems that Spencer-Brown presented in the book are known by the names "calculus of indications", "distinction calculus", and often just "LOF".

"Laws of Form" grew out of the author's work in electronic engineering. The book has been published in several editions and translations and has never gone out of print. A short book, its mathematical part is only 55 pages long.

Spencer-Brown's philosophy was influenced by Ludwig Wittgenstein, R.D. Laing, Charles Sanders Peirce, Bertrand Russell, and Alfred North Whitehead.

"Laws of Form" was listed in the "Whole Earth Catalog" in 1969 and quickly became a cult classic. The calculus of indications and the primary algebra may be regarded as a way to think about a fundamental activity of the mind, namely, the ability to "distinguish" or to "draw distinctions". The book argues that this ability is the foundation of human cognition and consciousness. According to Spencer-Brown, the primary arithemetic and primary algebra reveal new connections among logic, mathematics, the philosophy of language, and the philosophy of mind.

Let 0 and 1 be the two basic primitive values of Boolean algebra. Let "AB" denote a binary operation of Boolean algebra. Let ("X") stand for the Boolean complement of "X". Then the calculus of indications is simply Boolean arithmetic reduced to the two equations 11=1 and (1)=0. These are the only "axioms" in "LoF".

The primary algebra is mainly a simpler notation for Boolean algebra, except for one thing. In Boolean algebra, () is not defined. () is "empty" complementation (the complementation of "nothing"). On the other hand, in the primary algebra () is defined, and stands for one of 0 or 1. (()) stands for the other primitive value, and is the same thing as the blank page.

Let "A" and "B" be any two expressions of the primary algebra. The primary algebra is made up of equations of the form "A"="B", and these equations are treated in the same way as the equations of the number algebra taught in all schools. Standard methods of logic seldom use equations. "LoF" argues that doing elementary logic with the primary algebra is easier. In particular, if "A" is a tautology in logic, then one of "A"=() or "A"=(()) holds in the primary algebra.

"Laws of Form" proves the following fact about the primary algebra:


Hence the primary algebra is a well-behaved piece of mathematics. It can be useful even if the philosophy and cognitive science of "LoF" are wrong or uninteresting.



Marx Brothers

The Marx Brothers were a popular team of sibling comedians who appeared in vaudeville, stage plays, movie, and television. 

The brothers were Chico, Harpo, Groucho, Gummo and Zeppo.

Born in New York City, the Marx Brothers were the sons of Jewish immigrants from Germany. Their mother, Minnie Schönberg, was from Dornum in East Frisia, and their father Simon Marrix (whose name was changed to Sam Marx, and who was nicknamed "Frenchy") was a native of Alsace, now part of France, and worked as a tailor. The family lived in the then-poor Yorkville section of New York City's Upper East Side, between the Irish, German and Italian Quarters.

The Marx Brothers began as a musical group, during the days of vaudeville theater. They would make jokes, play funny characters, and pretend to get into fights when they performed. In time their got them more applause (and work) than their music, and they became a comedy group. Music stayed in their act, with the brothers performing in character, but their focus was on getting laughs. Makeup and costumes gave their characters their look. When the brothers were out of costume, they could blend into the audience.

Gummo did not appear in any of the movies. In the movies, each brother played a role that was mostly the same in every movie. Groucho was a "wise guy" who had big bushy eyebrows, glasses, and a moustache who smoked a cigar; Chico spoke with an Italian accent and played the piano; Harpo never spoke and played the harp. Zeppo usually played the straight man. He left the group in 1933, and they worked with other actors. Margaret Dumont played the leading lady role in many of their shows. She did not appear to know when a joke was made about her, and this made her role funnier.

The brothers had some good years and some bad years. Groucho lost a lot of money in 1929, when the stock market collapsed. (Years later, he visited the New York Stock Exchange, and drew so much attention that trading stopped for several minutes. Groucho joked that he came "to get his money's worth" in stopping business.) Chico had a problem with gambling, and lost more money than he won at it. Harpo and his wife could not have children of their own, so they adopted enough to have a large family. (When Adolf Hitler took control of Germany in the 1930s, and stories came back about his mistreatment of Jewish people, Harpo legally changed his name from Adolph to Arthur, even though he was better known as Harpo.)

Groucho kept working after his brothers retired. He hosted a television quiz show called "You Bet Your Life", which was more liked for Groucho's way of hosting than for the game itself. He made a few movie and television appearances late in his life. He also appeared at Carnegie Hall, telling stories about his life and career, and singing songs from every part of his career. A recording of his Carnegie Hall show became a .

Films with the Four Marx Brothers:

Films with the three Marx Brothers (post-Zeppo):

Solo endeavors:

M. C. Escher

Maurits Cornelis Escher (17 June 1898 – 27 March 1972), usually referred to as M. C. Escher, was a Dutch graphic artist born in Leeuwarden, Netherlands. He is known for his often mathematically inspired woodcuts, lithographs and mezzotints. These feature impossible constructions, explorations of infinity, architecture and tessellations (tilings).

During his life, Escher made 448 lithographs, woodcuts and wood engravings. He did over 2000 drawings and sketches. He also illustrated books, designed tapestries, postage stamps and murals. Escher was interested in different ways of making art, he used tile-like repeated patterns in many of his paintings. Early in his career he drew inspirations of nature: he studied art, landscapes and insects. Some of Escher’s most famous drawings include: "Drawing hands", "Relativity" and "Flying Fish". Most of his works were related to mathematics.

Adit

An adit is a type of entrance to a mine which is horizontal or nearly horizontal. Adits are usually built into the side of a hill or mountain, and often occur when coal or ore is located inside the mountain but above the local valley floor or coastal plain. The use of adits is generally called "drift mining".

Mitsubishi A5M Claude

The A5M Claude was a Japanese fighter aircraft made by Mitsubishi. It first flew in 1935 and was introduced in 1937. It was the first monoplane (fixed-wing aircraft with one set of wings) that could work from an aircraft carrier. It was similar to the P-26 Peashooter, an American monoplane fighter. It fought in the second Sino-Japanese War. After the Pearl Harbor attacks, it was not good enough to fight against American fighters like the Curtiss P-40 and the F4F Wildcat, so it was replaced by the A6M Zero.

Near the end of WW2, many A5M’s were pulled out of retirement to be used as suicidal kamikaze aircraft.


Birmingham, Alabama

Birmingham is the most populous city in the U.S. state of Alabama, with about 197,000 people living in it. It is the county seat of Jefferson County. Its metropolitan area is the biggest in Alabama with more than 1.1 million people living in it. The city has an area of about and an elevation of above sea level.

Birmingham was founded in 1871. Three smaller towns came together to make one, which grew into a large town. It was named after Birmingham, England, a British industrial city. The Alabama city is famous for its iron ore, coal, and limestone, which were used in the town's steel mills.

Birmingham became famous around the world when a bomb exploded in the Sixteenth Street Baptist Church on Sunday September 15, 1963. Four young black girls were killed. A member of the Ku Klux Klan was charged for the bombing many years later. Richard Farina wrote a sad song called "Birmingham Sunday" in 1964 to the tune of "I Love A Lass". It has been recorded by several singers, including Joan Baez.

Independent Women Part I

"Independent Women (Part I)" is an R&B song written by American singer-songwriter Beyoncé Knowles, Sam Barnes, Jen-Claude Olivier, and Cory Rooney for Destiny's Child's third studio album, "Survivor" (2001), only considered as a bonus track. It was produced by Knowles, Rooney, and Poke & Tone and first appeared on the soundtrack to the film "Charlie's Angels". Released as both the soundtrack's and album's first single in fall 2000, the song held the number one spot on the Billboard Hot 100 chart for eleven consecutive weeks from November 2000 to February 2001. Although, for the United Kingdom, it was released on the same day, with both Part I and Part II counting as the song release.

The music video was directed by Francis Lawrence. At the end, the women are greeted by the ever-mysterious "Charlie".



Huntsville, Alabama

Huntsville is a city in the north of the U.S. state of Alabama. It is in Madison County. It extends west into Limestone county. Huntsville is the county seat of Madison County. The 2020 census showed that Huntsville has a population of 215,006. The Huntsville metropolitan area's population was 491,723 in 2020.

Huntsville is both the largest city in Alabama by population, and the largest city in Alabama by area.

John Hunt first settled in Huntsville in 1805. The town was named Twickenham after Alexander Pope's home town at the request of Leroy Pope. However, the town was renamed to "Huntsville" on November 25, 1811. It has grown across nearby hills and along the Tennessee River. It has textile mills and also munitions factories. Also in this city are NASA's Marshall Space Flight Center and the United States Army Aviation and Missile Command at the Redstone Arsenal. The National Trust for Historic Preservation named Huntsville to its "America's Dozen Distinctive Destinations for 2010" list.

Huntsville is named after John Hunt. He was the first settler of the land around the Big Spring Park. However, Hunt did not correctly register his claim. The area was purchased by Leroy Pope, who named it Twickenham honour the home village of his kinsman Alexander Pope.

Twickenham was carefully planned. The streets were built from the northeast to southwest direction based on the Big Spring ("see images below"). However, due to anti-English feeling during the War of 1812, the town name was changed to Huntsville to honour John Hunt, who had been forced to move to other land south of the new city.

Both John Hunt and Leroy Pope were Freemasons and charter members of Helion Lodge.

In 1811, Huntsville became the first official town in Alabama. However, the recognized "birth" year of the city is 1805. This was the year of John Hunt's arrival. The city's sesquicentennial anniversary was held in 1955 and the bicentennial was celebrated in 2005.

Huntsville's quick growth was generated by the cotton and railroad industries. Many rich planters moved to the area from Virginia, Georgia and the Carolinas. The forty-four delegates who met in Huntsville wrote a constitution for the new state of Alabama. The new state constitution said that Huntsville is Alabama's first capital. This was temporary for one legislative session only. The capital was then moved to another temporary location, Cahawba, until the legislature selected Montgomery as the permanent location.

In 1855, the Memphis and Charleston Railroad was built through Huntsville. It became the first railway to link the Atlantic coast with the lower Mississippi River.

Huntsville firstly opposed secession from the Union in 1861, but provided many men for the state's defense. The 4th Alabama Infantry Regiment, led by Col. Egbert J. Jones of Huntsville, fought at the Battle of Manassas. It was the first major battle of the American Civil War. The Fourth Alabama Infantry, which contained two Huntsville companies, were the first Alabama troops to fight in the war. Eight generals of the war were born in or near Huntsville.

After the Civil War, Huntsville became a center for cotton textile mills, such as Lincoln, Dallas and Merrimack. Each mill had its own housing community. It included everything the mill workers needed (schools, churches, grocery stores, theatres, and hardware stores, all within walking distance of the mill).

During the 1930s, industry decreased in Huntsville because of the Great Depression. Huntsville became known as the Watercress Capital of the World because of its harvest in the area. Madison County produced most cotton in Alabama during this time.

By 1940, Huntsville was still a small quiet town with a population of only 13,150 inhabitants. This quickly changed with the beginning of World War II. Huntsville was chosen as the location of Huntsville Arsenal, with chemical and munitions manufacturing plants. The Arsenal was almost closed in 1949 when it was no longer needed, but it saw new life when Major General Holger Toftoy with support from Senator John Sparkman convinced the U.S. Army to choose Huntsville as the location for its missile research program. In 1950, General Toftoy brought German rocket scientist Wernher von Braun and his team to Redstone Arsenal to develop what would eventually become the United States' space program.

On September 8, 1960, U.S. President Dwight D. Eisenhower formally dedicated the Marshall Space Flight Center in Huntsville.

The city's nickname is ""The Rocket City"" for its close history with U.S. space missions. Huntsville has been important in developing space technology. Since the 1950s, when the German scientists headed by Wernher von Braun, brought to the United States at the end of World War II through Operation Paperclip, managed to develop rockets for the U.S. Army. Their work included designing a rocket, that carried the first U.S. satellite and astronauts into space.

The Saturn V, used by the Apollo program manned Moon missions, was developed at Marshall Space Flight Center. Huntsville continues to play an important role in the United States' Space Shuttle and International Space Station programs.

Huntsville's economy was nearly crippled and growth came to a near standstill in the 1970s following the closure of the Apollo program. The emergence of the Space Shuttle and the ever-expanding field of missile defense in the 1980s helped give Huntsville a resurgence that has continued into the 21st century.

Burlington, Vermont

Burlington is a city in the American state of Vermont. It is the county seat of Chittenden County. Burlington was first settled in 1783. It became a city in 1865.

Burlington is Vermont's largest city. It has a population of about 40,000 people. It is the smallest American city that is also the largest in its state. Burlington has a metropolitan population of about 210,000.

The city is located on the east bank of Lake Champlain. Burlington has an area of about 15.5 sq miles. It sits at an elevation of 200 feet. The suburb of Shelburne is 7 miles nearby Burlington.




Although there is no formal twinning agreement, Burlington takes part in the annual Burlington International Games with


Loretta Spencer

Loretta Purdy Spencer was the mayor of Huntsville, Alabama. Her first term began October 4, 1996. Her last term ended on November 3, 2008. Spencer is the first woman to be elected mayor of Huntsville. 

Tuscaloosa, Alabama

Tuscaloosa is a city and county seat of Tuscaloosa County, Alabama. Tuscaloosa has a population of about 100,000 people and a metro population of about 270,000 people. Tuscaloosa has an area of about . It sits at a height of .

Hoover, Alabama

Hoover is a city in Jefferson County, Alabama.

Hoover has a population of about 93,000 people.

Hoover has an area of about 43 miles and sits at a height of 577 feet.

Dothan, Alabama

Dothan is a city and county seat of Houston County, Alabama. The city has a population of about 70,000 people. Dothan has an area of about and sits at a height of .


Decatur, Alabama

Decatur is a city and county seat of Morgan County, Alabama. It has a population of about 58,000 people. Decatur has an area of about 60 miles and sits at a height of about 561 feet.


Auburn, Alabama

Auburn is a city in Lee County, Alabama, United States. It is the largest city in eastern Alabama. In 2020, it had a population of 76,143. It is a principal city of the Auburn-Opelika Metropolitan Area.

Auburn is a college town and is the home of Auburn University. Auburn is known for its fast growing during the last years. It is currently the fastest growing metropolitan area in Alabama. It is also the nineteenth-fastest growing metro area in the United States since 1990. Auburn is among the top ten list of best places to live in United States for the year 2009. The city's unofficial nickname is “The Loveliest Village On The Plains”. This comes from a line in the poem “The Deserted Village” by Oliver Goldsmith: “Sweet Auburn! loveliest village of the plain...”

The first settlers arrived in the winter of 1836 from Harris County, Georgia. The leader of these settlers was the judge John J. Harper. They wanted to build a town that would be the religious and educational center for this area.

Auburn was firstly official mentioned on February 2, 1839. At this time it covered an area of . By that time, Methodist and Baptist churches and also a school were built. In the mid-1840s, different academies for boys and girls were founded in addition to the primary school. By 1858, of the about 1,000 free residents of Auburn, some 500 were students.

In 1856, the state legislature allowed to build a Methodist college, the East Alabama Male College in Auburn. This college, now Auburn University, opened its doors in 1859. It offered a classical and liberal education.

With the Civil War in 1861, Auburn quickly emptied. All of the schools and most businesses closed. Auburn was the site of a hospital for Texan Confederate soldiers.

After the Civil War, Auburn went in a long depression. Public schools did not reopen until the mid-1870s. Most businesses remained closed. A series of fires in the 1860s and 1870s burned down the downtown area. East Alabama Male College was turned over to the state in 1872.

In 1892, the college became the first four-year college in Alabama where women are allowed to study. This, combined with new funding businesses, allowed the city to start expanding again. By 1910, Auburn's population had returned to its pre-war level. SIAA Conference championships won by the Auburn college’s football team brought attention and support to Auburn. It helped fill the city's coffers.

Money began to flow into Auburn again with America's entry into World War II. Auburn’s campus was turned into a training ground for technical specialists in the armed forces. After the war, Auburn was flooded by soldiers returning to school on the G.I. Bill.

Because of this increase of students, Auburn began a period of growth that lasted through the 1950s and 1960s. Auburn grew outside of the original boundaries of the city. Auburn grew to an area of nearly . In 1957, the construction of Interstate 85 began. This connected Auburn to the major cities of the state. It allowed for Auburn University to schedule more home football games in Auburn. It also pushed the tourism sector in Auburn.

Growth slowed somewhat in the 1970s. A series of budget cuts made it clear that Auburn's economic concentration on Auburn University put the city in a bad position.

A series of reports in the 1980s and 1990s made the Auburn public school system among the top in the state. Between 1980 and 2003, Auburn's population grew by 65%. Auburn's economy expanded by 220%. With growth came issues of urban sprawl. This has become the primary political issue in Auburn at the turn of the 21st century.

The city of Auburn is in western Lee County. It borders the city of Opelika to the northeast and by Chambers County to the north. The city borders in south to the Macon County line.

Auburn is located at (32.597684, -85.480823). According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the city has a total area of in 2000, of which, of it is land and of it (1.11%) is water. The elevation of Auburn at City Hall is above sea level. Although because of Auburn’s topography, elevation ranges from above sea level to above sea level.

Auburn has a council-manager government led by an eight-member city council, a mayor, and an appointed city manager.

The city council acts as the legislative part of the city. It passes laws, regulates and appoints citizens to the city's various boards, including the Auburn City Board of Education. Each member of the city council is elected for a four-year term from one of eight geographic areas. Area one1 is designed to ensure African-American representation on the council.

The mayor of Auburn is elected to a four-year term. The mayor has no administrative duties, as the City Manager serves as the CEO. As such, the position of mayor in Auburn is primarily symbolic.

The day-to-day operations of Auburn are run by the City Manager. The City Manager is responsible for the appointment and dismissal of all department heads. He advises the council on policy matters, creates and administers the city budget.

Auburn's economy is centered around Auburn University and university-related services. Auburn University employs 4,300 people. This is about one-quarter of the city's total working population. In addition, 2,400 people are employed by the federal and state government. They are in positions which are generally connected with the university. Some 8,500 are employed in the local service sector.

Auburn's industrial base is built around mid-sized, high-tech manufacturing and research firms. Auburn has four technology parks. The main areas of industrial focus are on the manufacture of small engines and fuel cells. The Auburn University Research Park is currently under construction. Overall, the manufacturing sector employs 5,000 people in Auburn.

Casper, Wyoming

Casper is an American city in the state of Wyoming. It is in Natrona County. About 50,000 people live in Casper. Casper has an area of about 25 square miles and sits at an elevation of 5,150 feet.

Wilmington, Delaware

Wilmington is the largest city in the state of Delaware, United States, and the county seat of New Castle County. It had 70,898 people in 2020.

Wilmington has an area of about and is above sea level, at the place where the Christina River and Brandywine Creek meet.

U.S. President Joe Biden is from Wilmington and owns a home here.

Niña

The Niña was one of the ships Christopher Columbus sailed to the new world. The others were the Pinta and the Santa Maria.

Pinta (ship)

The Pinta is one of the ships Christopher Columbus sailed to the new world. The others were the Niña and the Santa Maria.

Santa Maria

The Santa Maria was one of the ships Christopher Columbus sailed to the new world. The others were the "Pinta" and the "Nina". It is named after Saint Mary.

52 Europa

52 Europa is an asteroid. It has a diameter of 289 km, and was found on February 4, 1858 by H. Goldschmidt. It is named after Europa, one of Zeus's conquests in Greek mythology. Europa is the seventh biggest asteroid by volume and the sixth biggest by mass (after Ceres, Vesta, Pallas, Hygiea, and Interamnia) and contains somewhat less than 2% of the mass of the entire main belt.

It is a very dark carbonaceous C-type, and the fourth-biggest of these. It orbits close to the Hygiea asteroid family, but is not a member. Spectroscopic studies have found evidence of olivines and pyroxenes on the surface.

Lightcurve data for Europa has been very hard to interpret, so much so for a long time its period of rotation was in dispute (5 and a half, or 11 hours?) despite many observations. It has now been determined that Europa is a prograde rotator, but the exact direction in which its pole points remains unclear. The most detailed analysis indicates that it points either towards about ecliptic coordinates (β, λ) = (70°, 55°) or (40°, 255°) with a 10° uncertainty . This gives an axial tilt of about 14° or 54°, respectively.

It has been found that the star CV Aquarii found in 1934, was actually an incorrect misidentification of 52 Europa.


Three Jewels

The Three Jewels, also called the Three Treasures, the Three Refuges, or the Triple Gem, are the three things that Buddhists give themselves to, and in return look toward for guidance, in the process known as "taking refuge". 

The Three Jewels are:


Dharma (Buddhism)

Dharma in Buddhism means the teachings of the Buddha which lead to enlightenment.

What is called "Buddhism" in western countries is called buddha-dharma in eastern countries. This term simply means "Path of Awakening" and is thus a form of dharma.


The Dharma is one of the Three Jewels of Buddhism of which followers of Buddhism seek refuge in (what one relies on for his/her lasting happiness). The three jewels of Buddhism are the Buddha (mind's perfection of enlightenment), the Dharma (teachings and methods), and the Sangha (awakened beings who provide guidance and support).

Helvetic Republic

The Helvetic Republic was a state lasting for five years, from 1798 to 1803. Its name came from the Helvetii people.

Helvetii

The Helvetii were a Celtic tribe and the main dwellers of the Swiss plateau in the 1st century BC. They are usually featured in Julius Caesar’s commentaries on the Gallic War.


Saas Fee

Saas-Fee is the main village in the Saastal or the Saas Valley and is a municipality of the district of Visp in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.


Evolène

Evolène is a municipality of the district of Hérens in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.


Baden, Switzerland

Baden is a city and municipality of the district Swiss canton of Aargau.


Baldingen, Aargau

Baldingen was a municipality of the district Zurzach in canton of Aargau in Switzerland. On 1 January 2022, the former municipalities of Bad Zurzach, Baldingen, Böbikon, Kaiserstuhl, Rekingen, Rietheim, Rümikon and Wislikofen merged to form the new municipality of Zurzach.


Beinwil

Beinwil could mean:


Beinwil (Freiamt)

Beinwil (Freiamt) is a municipality of the district Muri in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Ratification

Ratification is the confirmation of a treaty.

Treaties are signed by members of the government of a country. Many treaties make a country do something, or change the law of the countries which agree to it. Therefore some countries can only ratify a treaty if it is confirmed by the legislature of the country, or by a referendum (a vote of the people).

The founders solved this issue by dropping the Amendment requirements. 

In the past treaties were signed by delegates chosen by the ruler of a country. To make sure that the treaty was acceptable to the ruler the treaty would not take effect until it was ratified by the ruler.

The United States is only bound by a treaty if the Senate agrees. So although President Woodrow Wilson signed the Treaty of Versailles which ended the First World War with Germany and set up the League of Nations the treaty never took effect for the USA because the US Senate never gave its "advice and consent" (agreed) to the treaty. This is why there was a separate peace treaty between Germany and the USA

In the United Kingdom the government ratifies treaties, it does not need the agreement of the House of Commons. However if the treaty is going to change the law then a separate act of parliament is needed. For example before Britain entered the European Union in 1973 the European Communities Act had to be passed to make the changes to the law that were needed.


Beinwil am See

Beinwil am See is a municipality of the district Kulm in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

New Orleans Pelicans

New Orleans Pelicans are an American professional basketball team. They play in New Orleans, Louisiana. They play their home games at the Smoothie King Center. The Pelicans are a part of the National Basketball Association (NBA). The team started playing in the NBA in 1988 as the Charlotte Hornets playing in Charlotte, North Carolina. They moved to New Orleans in 2002. During the 2005 - 2006 and 2006 - 2007 seasons, the team was moved to Oklahoma City because of the damage caused in New Orleans by Hurricane Katrina. During this time they were called the New Orleans / Oklahoma City Hornets. The team returned to New Orleans for the 2007-2008 season.

After the 2012-2013 season, on April 18, 2013, the team changed its name to the "New Orleans Pelicans", and their team colors became red, blue, and gold. Michael Jordan, owner of the Charlotte Bobcats, brought the Hornets name back to Charlotte by renaming the Bobcats for the 2014-2015 season.

List of WWE personnel

WWE is an American professional wrestling promotion based in Stamford, Connecticut. WWE personnel consists of professional wrestlers, managers, play-by-play and color commentators, ring announcers, interviewers, referees, trainers, producers, road agents, creative writers, and various other positions. Executives and board members are also listed.

WWE contracts typically range from developmental contracts to multi-year deals. WWE describes most personnel as independent contractors. Personnel on the main roster appear on specific brands such as Raw and SmackDown Live while they can also appear on WWE's primary weekly television programming such as Main Event, Superstars, Total Divas as well as pay-per-views, and at live events.

Personnel from the NXT division appear on the television series of the same name, which airs online in the U.S. and on TV in select countries, and at live events. Personnel on the main roster may wrestle in NXT and vice versa.

Personnel are organized below by their role in WWE. Their ring name is on the left and their real name is on the right. If someone is inactive for any reason, due to injury, suspension, not appearing in more than 30 days, or otherwise, that information is noted. WWE refers to its performers as superstars.

As of 2021, WWE employs over 800 full-time employees. It also has many vendors and service providers working for it. WWE calls the people who wrestly for it "independent contractors". These people have contracts that range from short developmental to contracts that last many years. 

Since the WWE's brand extension in 2016, performers work on one of two "main roster" brands – Raw and SmackDown. 

A third brand, NXT, was created to be a developmental brand for the main roster. New people would go there to train to work for the main brands. In 2019 it was made into the third main roster brand. In 2021, the brand was changed to "NXT 2.0". The brand returned to being the developmental division for Raw and SmackDown. Some developmental performers work on NXT's United Kingdom-based brand NXT UK.

Main roster performers work on "Monday Night Raw" and "Friday Night SmackDown". Developmental wrestlers work on "NXT 2.0", "NXT: Level Up" and NXT UK. At times, some main roster performers are seen on NXT.

Personnel in WWE's developmental system usualy train at the Performance Center in Orlando, Florida. There is also a UK Performance Center in London, England.

Eaach brand has their own distinct championships. There are some titles which do not belong to either brand. Wrestlers from any brand can win these championships. They include the WWE 24/7 Championship and the WWE Women's Tag Team Championship.

The McMahon family are the main owners of WWE. In addition to their job for the company, they also appear on-air as authority figures and wrestlers on all of the brands.

The following list features wrestlers – promoted as free agents – who make limited or part-time appearances (such as Hall of Famers or legends), and thus aren't bound to any one brand, as well as newly-signed and undrafted personnel who are awaiting brand assignment.

The following serve as on-air authority figures (under the title "WWE Official") on both Raw and SmackDown.

Note: NXT UK—while a distinct brand—is also considered part of NXT, thus wrestlers may appear on both brands.

The following section pertains to announcers who cover WWE broadcasts. This group includes presenters, ringside commentators, ring announcers, backstage interviewers, pre-show hosts, and analysts.

Select former or retired WWE wrestlers not currently on the main roster (sometimes billed as "WWE Legends") and other celebrities and personalities have contracts to make periodic appearances—either on WWE TV or for promotional events—serving as "ambassadors" (public representatives/spokespeople) for the company.

Note: as NXT and 205 Live are based at the Performance Center, PC coaches and trainers also work as producers for the brands.



The Queen Vic

The Queen Vic (full name The Queen Victoria) is a fictional pub in the British television show EastEnders. It has the fictional address of 46 Albert Square, Walford, London E20. It is known for being painted several times during the series. 

Charlotte Hornets

Charlotte Hornets is the name of several past and present sports teams in Charlotte, North Carolina:

Ian Beale

Ian Beale is a fictional character from the BBC soap opera "EastEnders", played by Adam Woodyatt. He is the drama's longest-serving main character, and, following the departure of Pauline Fowler (Wendy Richard) in 2006, was the only one to have appeared continuously from its inception. The character appeared in his 2,000th episode in the show on 26 March 2007, and his 3,000th on 27 May 2016. After 36 years on the show, Woodyatt departed "EastEnders" on 22 January 2021.

Ian is the son of Pete (Peter Dean) and Kathy Beale (Gillian Taylforth). He is the nephew of Pauline Fowler (Wendy Richard).

Layla and Other Assorted Love Songs

Layla and Other Assorted Love Songs is a 1970 album by Derek and the Dominos. It includes one of the best rock songs of all time, with the memorable guitar riff, "Layla".


National Rugby League

The National Rugby League (NRL) is a professional sports league in Australia. They play rugby league. The modern competition was formed in 1998, but its predecessor has run since 1908. There are 17 teams. Sixteen teams are from Australia and one is from New Zealand. The NRL is the most popular sporting league in Australia, mainly in the states of New South Wales and Queensland, whilst there is also one team in Victoria and the ACT. It is the biggest rugby league competition in the world.

The current teams are: 


Winners and runners-up for NRL Grand Finals since 1998 include:


NRL - Premiership Winners

Alison Krauss

Alison Maria Krauss (born July 23, 1971) is an American bluegrass-country singer and fiddle player. She is famous for being the leader of the band "Alison Krauss & Union Station", and has produced albums for artists like Nickel Creek, Reba McEntire, and Alan Jackson. She has 28 Grammy Awards, more than any other female artist in history.

Lyle Lovett

Lyle Pearce Lovett (born November 1, 1957) is an American country singer-songwriter and actor.


Dolly Parton

Dolly Rebecca Parton (born January 19, 1946) is an American, Grammy Award-winning country music singer/songwriter, composer, author, creator of The Mercy and DJ show and actress. She has become one of the most successful female country artists in history, with 25 number-one singles (a record for a female country artist) and 41 top-10 country albums (a record for any country artist). She is known for her top-three single "Here You Come Again" and the number-one hits "9 to 5" and "Islands in the Stream" (a duet with singer Kenny Rogers).

Her 1967 song "Dumb Blonde" was heard by country singer Porter Wagoner, and he asked Parton to be a part of his television show. Her single "Jolene" reached number one in 1974, becoming a solo artist, though still performed and recorded with Wagoner.

In the fifty-four years since her debut, Parton has become one of the most famous country artists in the world.

In December 2022, Parton announced that she will create the Nickelodeon show The Mercy and DJ show, which premiered on March 19, 2023.

Parton is the godmother of singer and actress Miley Cyrus.




Vince Gill

Vincent Grant "Vince" Gill (born April 12, 1957) is an American country music singer-songwriter and multi-instrumentalist.









1256

Abingdon School is founded.
Roger Bacon becomes a Franciscan Friar.





Glen Phillips

Glen Phillips (born December 29, 1970) is an American songwriter, singer and guitarist. He is best known as the singer and songwriter of 1990s alternative rock group Toad the Wet Sprocket.




Jon Brion

Jon Brion (born December 11, 1963) is an American rock and pop multi-instrumentalist, singer, songwriter, composer and record producer. He was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. His mother was a jazz singer, his father a band director at Yale, his brother is an arranger and sister a violinist.

Brion and Bill Murphy began writing together in New Haven, Connecticut. They recorded some demo tracks in makeshift apartment studios, and worked out their arrangements at Yale University Campus. They enlisted the talents of bassist Don "Riff" Fertman to form The Bats (unlike the New Zealand band of the same name). In 1982, the trio created a imaginative set of pop songs in a small studio in Connecticut. A single called "Popgun" followed by an LP entitled "How Pop Can You Get?" were released on the independent label Gustav. The album failed to chart, and the group was disbanded.





Bruce Molsky

Bruce Molsky (born in Manhattan, New York in 1955) is an American fiddler, banjo player, guitarist, and singer. He teaches the fiddle at the Berklee College of Music in Boston, as part of its American Roots program. He has been nominated for two Grammy Awards.

He has made several recordings, including:


Béla Fleck

Béla Fleck (born July 10, 1958 in New York City, New York) is an American banjo player. He is best known for his work with the band Béla Fleck and the Flecktones.


Tasty Licks

Spectrum

The New Grass Revival

Béla Fleck and the Flecktones


Sam Bush
Curandero
Dave Matthews Band
Eddie From Ohio
Jimmy Sturr & His Orchestra
Jorma Kaukonen
Nitty Gritty Dirt Band
Charlie Peacock
Phish
Keller Williams


Tift Merritt

Tift Merritt (born January 8, 1975) is an American singer, guitarist and songwriter. Born in Houston, Texas, Merritt moved to Raleigh, North Carolina at a young age. She has been compared to songwriters like Joni Mitchell and Emmylou Harris.

In 2009, Merritt married Zeke Hutchins, her band's drummer and her long-time partner. They live in New York City.

In addition to Austin City Limits, Merritt has been on The Tonight Show with Jay Leno and the Late Show with David Letterman. Her music has been in The L Word, Men In Trees, United States of Tara and the movie New in Town. 


Elliott Smith

Steven Paul "Elliott" Smith (August 6, 1969 – October 21, 2003) was an American singer-songwriter and musician. He was born in Omaha, Nebraska. He grew up in Duncanville, Texas. He died of stab wounds to his chest in 2003 when he was 34 years old. It is not known if it was suicide or murder. At the time of his death, Smith had been making his sixth album "From a Basement on the Hill". It was released on October 19, 2004. In 2007 another album called "New Moon" was released.


Sugar Hill Records

Sugar Hill Records is a folk music record label. Some of the artists who have released albums with the label are Nickel Creek, Allison Moorer, Sam Bush and Dolly Parton.

1251

1251 was a common year.




1240

1240 was a leap year.




1237

1237 was a common year.




Dot Branning

Dot Branning (also Cotton) is a fictional character from the BBC soap opera "EastEnders", played by June Brown from 1985 to 1993 and 1997 to 2020. She worked in the laundrette and smoked Superkings.

Pat Evans

Pat Evans (also Beale, Harris, Wicks and Butcher) is a fictional character from the BBC One soap opera "EastEnders". She was played by Pam St Clement from June 1986 until January 2012, with a guest appearance in May 2016.

Middle way

The Middle Way or Middle Path is a teaching about a way of looking at things in Buddhism. This teaching advises a path of moderation, taking a middle way between extremes. In particular, the Buddha advises against taking a either an overly hard path or an overly easy path. He said that a person should not be either too self-indulgent or self-denying. The middle way is a different way of life.

According the Third Noble Truth, the way to stop suffering is to stop wanting things. But if a person too strongly wants to stop wanting things, they are still wanting something. (to stop wanting things). The middle way helps solve this problem. Buddha came to this idea after six years of extreme self-denial in the search for how to end suffering. 


The Story of the Three Bears

"The Story of the Three Bears" is a literary fairy tale. It was written by Robert Southey and first published in 1837 in a collection of his essays and stories. Southey's story is about an old woman who enters the house of three bachelor bears during their absence. She eats their food, breaks a chair, and sleeps in a bed. She runs away when discovered. In time, the three bachelor bears became Papa, Mama, and Baby Bear. The old woman became a little girl called Goldilocks. The story supports several interpretations. It has been adapted to animated movies, a live action movie, and a short opera.

Three male bears"a Little, Small, Wee Bear ... a Middle-sized Bear ... and a Great, Huge Bear" live in a house in the woods. They each have a porridge pot, a chair, and a bed. One morning, they take a walk in the woods while their porridge cools. A little old woman"an impudent, bad old Woman"enters the house during the bears' absence. She eats the little bear's porridge, breaks his little chair, and falls asleep in his little bed. The bears come home, and discover the old woman asleep. She wakes, sees the bears, jumps out the window, and fall to her deathnever to be seen again.

"The Story of the Three Bears" was written by English writer Robert Southey. It was published in 1837 his 4-volume collection of essays and stories called "The Doctor". Southey probably heard a version of the story as a boy from his uncle William Tyler. It was this version that was probably the basis for the story Southey included in "The Doctor". It is unknown where or how his uncle learned the story. Southey had known the story for a long time before he published it. He had been telling it to family and friends since 1813. 

A very similar version of the story predates Southey's published one of 1837. In 1831, a lady named Eleanor Mure wrote the story in rhyming verse for her nephew's fourth birthday. In both Southey's and Mure's versions, the character who enters the bears' house is an ugly old woman. The two versions differ only in some small details: Southey's bears have porridge, for example, while Mure's bears have milk. 

The same year Southey published the story, a rhyming version was written by William Nicol. Southey wrote on 3 July 1837 that he had received Nicol's version. He liked it. He thought it would bring the story more attention from children. Nicol's version was published in 1841 with illustrations. 

The story of the three bears resembles parts of "Snow White", or a story from Norway about a princess and three princes dressed in bear skins. Charles Dickens included a story about goblins in his 1865 novel "Our Mutual Friend" that also resembles "The Three Bears". A story called "Scrapefoot" may be the original for "The Three Bears". This story has a fox (not a human) as the intruder in the bears' house.

About 12 years after Southey's story was published, writer Joseph Cundall changed the old woman into a little girl in his book "Treasury of Pleasure Books for Young Children". Cundall made this change because there were many children's books about old women at the time. Once the little girl entered the story, she stayed there. She was known over the years as Silverhair, Silverlocks, Goldenlocks, and other names. She finally became Goldilocks sometime in the early 20th century. 

In time, the three male bears of Southey's original became Papa, Mama, and Baby Bear. What was once a scary little story about a nosy, ugly old woman and three male bears became a cozy little story about a nosy, pretty little girl and a family of bears. In versions of the story from the Victorian Era, Southey's "[T]here she sate till the bottom of the chair came out, and down came her's, plump upon the ground" was changed to read "and down she came" instead. All mention of the human "bottom" was wiped out.

In "The Annotated Classic Fairy Tales" (2002), Harvard professor Maria Tatar writes that the story is sometimes regarded as a cautionary tale. It warns children about the dangers of wandering off into unknown places. She points out that the story is often presented today as one about what is "just right" for oneself. In earlier times however, the story was about interfering with someone else's property. 

In "The Uses of Enchantment" (1976), child psychologist Bruno Bettelheim discusses Goldilock's struggle to grow beyond her Oedipal issues to confront adolescent identity problems. The story does not encourage children to solve the problems of growing up, Bettelheim writes, and does not end with the traditional "happily ever after" promise for those who solve their Oedipal issues. He believes the tale does not allow the child reader to gain emotional maturity. 

Tatar writes, "[Bettelheim's] reading is perhaps too invested in instrumentalizing fairy tales, that is, in turning them into vehicles that convey messages and set forth behavioral models for the child. While the story may not solve oedipal issues or sibling rivalry as Bettelheim believes "Cinderella" does, it suggests the importance of respecting property and the consequences of just 'trying out' things that do not belong to you." 

The story supports a Freudian anal stage interpretation. In ""The Three Bears": Four Interpretations" (1977), Professor Emeritus of the University of California, David Alan C. Elms makes such an interpretation and points to the story's emphasis upon orderlinessone of the character traits Freud associated with the anal stage of human developmentas compelling evidence. Elms traces the story's anality to Southey and to his dirt-obsessed aunt who passed her obsession on to him in "somewhat milder form".

The Walt Disney and Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer studios have both made animated movies about the Three BearsDisney in 1922 and MGM in 1939. Coronet Films made a short live action movie in 1958 that had real bears and a real child playing the characters. "Faerie Tale Theatre" made a television version in 1984. It stars Tatum O'Neal as Goldilocks.

Kurt Schwertsik wrote a 35-minute opera called "Roald Dahl's Goldilocks". Baby Bear is accused of assaulting Miss Goldie Locks. The tables are turned when the defense shows that the bears have had a lot of touble because of that "brazen little crook" Goldilocks. The was first presented in 1997 at the Glasgow Royal Concert Hall.


Bundesgerichtshof

The Bundesgerichtshof ("Federal Court of Justice") (BGH) is the highest German court for civil and criminal law. It is one of the five Supreme Courts in Germany.

are the other supreme courts. They only hear cases about their areas of law. There is no appeal from any of the supreme courts, unless someone's human rights are affected which is a matter for the Bundesverfassungsgericht - the Federal Constitutional Court to decide.

The Bundesgerichtshof was founded in 1950. Its headquarters were in the old Palace of the "Hereditary Grand Duke" (the "heir apparent") of Hesse in Karlsruhe.

Another part, the 5th criminal division is based in the "Villa Sack" in Leipzig. The idea was to move all of the court there after the reunification. The judges did not want to move so instead only the 5th criminal division was moved from Berlin to Leipzig.

The 5th division used to meet in West Berlin so that appeal cases could be heard in the city without having to take criminals across the DDR. The Federal Administrative Court moved into the Villa sack as well on August 22nd, 2002.

The BGH is divided into "senates". Each Senate has a judges as chairman and four assessors.

There are

Which senate hears a case depends on what is being argued about.

I. Copyrights, trademark rights, dishonest competition

II. Company law

III. Government liability

IV. Law of inheritance and insurance

V. Law of property

VI. ""Deliktsrecht"" Compensation after illegal acts tort

VII. Planning and building laws and regulations and contracts

VIII. Consumer and rent law

IX. Acts by lawyers and tax consultants, insolvency law

X. Patent and registered design law, "kind protection" (that is, protecting types of plants a breeder has grown),

Xa. Patent law, Travel contract law

XI. Banking law, loans and stock exhange law

XII. Family law and business rents law

The criminal senates hear cases from the 24 Higher Regional Courts . Which senate depends on which court the appeal comes from.

1. Bamberg, Karlsruhe, Munich, Nuremberg and Stuttgart as well as armed forces crimes and offence against the national defence, tax law;

2. Frankfurt am Main, Jena, Koblenz and Cologne;

3. Celle, Düsseldorf, Oldenburg and Schleswig as well as state security crimes;

4. Hamm, Naumburg, Rostock, Saarbrücken and Zweibrücken, as well as traffic crimes;

5. (based in Leipzig): Supreme Court of Berlin and the Higher Regional Courts of Brandenburg, Brunswick, Bremen, Dresden and Hamburg as well as tax and customs crimes.


Category

A category is a group of people or things that are the same in some way.

Category can mean:

Entertainer

An entertainer is a person who is employed to bring joy, relaxation or happiness.

An entertainer can perform on stage or television or simply entertain children at parties.

Examples of entertainers include:


Benetice (Světlá nad Sázavou)

Benetice is a small village near the town Světlá nad Sázavou (in Czech Republic).

There was a glass factory in Benetice. It does not exist any more, but some local names of places are derived from the parts of the glass factory as name "Na sušírnách" or "Sklárenský rybník" (the name of a pond). There is recreation camp in Benetice. It was used as pioneer camp (pioneers were people organized in one group in Czech republic) and it was used for young people from Hungary, Poland and Germany.

A linden-tree grows on village green of Benetice. It was planted in 1945.

The castle Lipnice can be seen from Benetice.



Gustavo Adolfo Bécquer

Gustavo Adolfo Domínguez Bastida, better known as Bécquer, (Seville, 17 February 1836 – Madrid, 22 December 1870) was a Spanish post-romanticist writer of poetry and short stories. He is considered one of the most important figures in Spanish literature. He adopted the alias of Bécquer as his brother Valeriano Bécquer, a painter, had done earlier. He was associated with the post-romanticism movement and wrote while realism in literature was enjoying success in Spain. He was moderately well known during his life, but it was after his death that most of his works were published.

His best known works are the "Rhymes" and the "Legends," usually published together as "Rimas y leyendas". These poems and tales are essential to the study of Spanish literature and common reading for high-school students in Spanish-speaking countries.

His work approached the traditional poetry and themes in a modern way, and is considered the founder of modern Spanish lyricism.

Tirso de Molina

Tirso de Molina (October, 1571? - March 12, 1648) was a Spanish Baroque dramatist and poet.

Originally Gabriel Tellez, he was born in Madrid. He studied at Alcalá de Henares, joined the Order of the Blessed Virgin Mary of Mercy on November 4 1600, and entered the Monastery of San Antolín at Guadalajara, Spain on January 21 1601. He was ordained a priest by 1610.

HotJava

HotJava is a web browser from Sun Microsystems that can execute Java applets. It was the first browser to support Java applets, and is not available anymore and is not supported anymore.


Mobile browser

A mobile browser (also called a microbrowser or minibrowser) is a web browser made for use on a mobile device like a mobile phone or PDA. Mobile browsers are made to display webpages in the best way for small screens on mobile devices.

ABrowse

ABrowse is a free web browser for the Syllable operating system.


Shiira

Shiira (シイラ, Japanese for the common dolphin-fish) is a free web browser based on Safari for the Mac OS X operating system.


Ghostzilla

Ghostzilla is a web browser for Microsoft Windows based on Mozilla. The browser runs inside the window space of another program e.g. in Microsoft Outlook, where the page is made to look like the things one would expect in an email. It makes people think think the person they're reading an email. 

Between May 2004 and January 2005, the project was taken off the website because the person who made it felt it was bad to use it. It was later put back, but with warnings about the potential to use it for the wrong reason. Since February 2007, the site has been closed and is no longer available.



Swiftweasel

Swiftweasel is a free and fully open source build of Mozilla Firefox.


Charon (web browser)

Charon was a web browser for the Inferno operating system. It supported HTML and some limited support for Javascript but it did not support CSS in any capacity.

Bern District

The District of Bern is a district of the canton of Bern, Switzerland. It has an area of 233 km² and a population of 237,919 people (as of January 2005). The capital city is Bern. 

The district contains thirteen municipalities:


Biel District

Biel is a small district in the Swiss canton of Bern. It contains 2 municipalities:


Rose Byrne

Rose Mary Byrne (born 24 July 1979) is an Australian actress.

Bellikon

Bellikon is a municipality in Baden in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.


Benzenschwil

Benzenschwil was a municipality of the district Muri in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland. On 1 January 2012 the former municipality of Benzenschwil merged into the municipality of Merenschwand.

Bergdietikon

Bergdietikon is a municipality of the district Baden in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland. The lake Egelsee is in Bergdietikon.

Egelsee (Aargau)

Egelsee is a lake at Bergdietikon, Aargau, Switzerland. The surface area is . It is the largest natural lake in the canton.

Berikon

Berikon is a municipality of the district Bremgarten in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

998

998 was a common year.




995

995 was a common year.




1177

1177 was a common year.





1176

1176 was a leap year.



1174

1174 was a common year.



Comet West

Comet West was a spectacular comet, also considered to qualify for "great comet" status.

It was discovered through pictures by Richard M. West, of the European Southern Observatory, on August 10, 1975. During peak brightness, observers reported that it was bright enough to study during full daylight.

Comet West was what 1973's Comet Kohoutek should have been. 

The comet has an estimated orbital period of 558,000 years.

During the comet's run into the closer part of the solar system for the first time in 500,000 years, the nucleus of Comet West was seen to split into four pieces as it passed within 30 million km. of the sun.

The first report of the split came around 7 March 1976 12:30UT, when reports were received that the comet had broken into two pieces. These two pieces remained the only pieces until Steven O'Meara, using the 9-inch Harvard Refractor, reported that two additional pieces had formed on the morning of 18 March. 

The breakup was one of very few comet breakups seen from historical times by the 1970s. Recently, comets Shoemaker-Levy 9, Schwassmann-Wachmann-3 (73/P), C/1999 S4 LINEAR, and 57/P du Toit-Neujmin-Delporte, have been seen to disintegrate. When seen, many were stunned, but none more so than the discoverer, Richard Martin West. The comet broke into pieces when some distance from the sun. It exploded into four pieces, and those were scattered. Later, two pieces were spotted, and studied intently by astronomers.


600

600 was a common year starting on Wednesday of the Gregorian calendar. The Julian calendar called it a leap year starting on Friday.




601

601 was a common year.



601 (disambiguation)

601 can mean:


The Elder Scrolls IV: Oblivion

The Elder Scrolls IV: Oblivion is a role-playing video game. It was made by the American game maker Bethesda in May 2006. The game is for the Xbox 360 video game console and the PC (computer). It was also made for the Sony PlayStation 3 in May 2007.

This game got the "Game of the Year" award at the Golden Joystick Awards. Many gaming magazines such as the official Xbox magazine for the United Kingdom rated it a 10 out of 10. The game is only offline. It can not play against people on Xbox Live although people can download extra content for the game. The extra content can also be bought on a DVD or Blu-ray. Some of the downloadable content comes with the Knights of the Nine retail disc.

Events from The Elder Scrolls IV: Oblivion happened after the game . The Emperor Uriel Septim VII gets killed by assassins while trying to escape the Imperial City, which means that Nirn (the world) has lost its shield against the Daedra from the plane of Oblivion, which comes through the opened gates of Oblivion. The goal of the game is to find the Emperor's son, defeat the attacking Daedra, and end the invasion by shutting the gates.

The player may also join a few guilds, groups that let the player do tasks for them, and once the player has completed all of their tasks, the player is in charge of the guild. Unlike Morrowind, the player can join every guild they can get into.

There are two Expansion Packs for Oblivion: . This expansion adds a new land: The Shivering Isles ruled by crazy god Sheogorath. Here you must defend the land from invading Knights of Order, and stop their attacks. There is also The Knights of the Nine which adds yet another quest.

602

602 was a common year.




Neem Karoli Baba

Shri Neem Karoli Baba or Shri Neeb Karori Baba (नीब
करोरी बाबा) (? - September 11, 1973, in Vrindavan, India), also known to followers as Maharaj-ji, was a Hindu guru and who loved the Hindu deity Hanuman. He is known in the West for having been the guru of a number of Americans who traveled to India in the 1960s and 1970s. These students were returned to the West and told other people about Neem Karoli Baba. The most well known of these students are the spiritual teachers Ram Dass and Bhagavan Das, and the musicians Krishna Das and Jai Uttal.

Not much is known about Neem Karoli Baba's birth and early years. According to one story, he was born Lakshmi Narayan Sharma (in Akbarpur, Faizabad currently Ambedkar Nagar district in the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh. After an arranged marriage at the age of 11, he left his home and traveled a lot in northern India as a holy man ("sadhu"). During this time he was known by many names including Lakshman Das, Handi Wallah Baba, and Tikonia Walla Baba. When he did spiritual practice at Vavania near Navlakhi Port in Gujarat, he was known as Tallaiya Baba. In Vrindavan, the local people called him Chamatkari Baba which means "Miracle Baba". Many people thought him to be a saint.

Neem Karoli was a master of bhakti yoga, and said that service to others (seva) is the best way to show love for God. In a book of stories put together by Ram Dass called "Miracle of Love", a student named Anjani shares the following story:

Among the most well known of Maharaj-ji's disciples were Ram Dass, the author of "Be Here Now," teacher and performer Bhagavan Das, and the musicians Jai Uttal and Krishna Das. Other notable devotees include humanitarian Larry Brilliant and his wife Girija, as well as Dada Mukerjee (former professor at Allahabad University, Uttar Pradesh, India).

After returning to the United States, Ram Dass and Larry Brilliant founded the Seva Foundation, a worldwide development organization which tries to end world poverty by following the teachings of Neem Karoli Baba. Seva is based in Berkeley, California, and Ram Dass served on the board until his death in 2019.



Be Here Now

Be Here Now is a 1971 book on spirituality by the spiritual teacher Ram Dass. The title comes from what his guide in India, Bhagavan Das, used to tell him.

The book has four sections: 

The first section is about his life, his work as a psychologist, his research with Timothy Leary into Psychedelics at Harvard, and his anxiety when this research does not help him with his spiritual questions. He then writes about his first journey to India and his meeting with his Guru, or spiritual teacher, Neem Karoli Baba, and spiritual renaming as Baba Ram Dass, or "servant of god".

The second section, the largest, is a collection of metaphysical, spiritual and religious sayings, with pictures.

The third section is a guide for starting on a yogic or spiritual path, and tells how to practice yoga and meditation. It has a lot of quotes from teachers of many different religions.

The last section, also titled "Painted Cakes Do Not Satisfy Hunger" contains a list of books on religion and spirituality. The book lists are divided into "Books to hang out with", "Books to visit with now & then", and "Books it's useful to have met".

The book has been in print since it was first published, and has sold over one million copies. The work was published as a pamphlet by the Lama Foundation. In 1977, the Lama Foundation decided that the Hanuman Foundation would get half of the money made by the book, so it could do more work to help people.

"Be Here Now" is one of the first guides, for those not born as Hindus, to becoming a yogi. For its influence on the Hippie movement and other movements, it has been described as a "countercultural bible". The book was the first place the phrase "be here now" was used. Other people have said they like the book, including Wayne Dyer. Musician George Harrison used the book's title as the title of one of his songs from his 1973 album "Living In The Material World". He wrote about this in his book "I Me Mine".

Ram Dass wrote this in the book:

Now, though I am a beginner on the path, I have returned to the West for a time to work out karma or unfulfilled commitment. Part of this commitment is to share what I have learned with those of you who are on a similar journey. One can share a message through telling 'our-story' as I have just done, or through the teaching methods of yoga, or singing, or making love. Each of us finds his unique vehicle for sharing with others his bit of wisdom. For me, this story is but a vehicle for sharing with you the true message... the living faith in what is possible. --OM--


Yogi (disambiguation)

The word Yogi can mean either:

Yogi

A yogi (Sanskrit, feminine root: yogini) is a term for a male who practices various forms of the path of Yoga, maintaining a steadfast mind, the process of transcending the lower self. These words are mostly reserved for advanced or daily practitioners. In contemporary English "yogin" is an alternative rendering for the word "yogi". This word is often used to describe Buddhist monks or any lay person who is devoted to meditation. 

The "Shiva-Samhita" text defines the yogi as someone who knows that the entire cosmos is situated within his own body, and the "Yoga-Shikha-Upanishad" distinguishes two kinds of yogins: those who pierce through the "sun" (surya) by means of the various yogic techniques and those who access the door of the central conduit (sushumna-nadi) and drink the nectar.


1-2. Feuerstein, Georg. The Shambhala Encyclopedia of Yoga, Shambhala Publications, Boston, 2000 p. 321, 350.

1172

1172 was a leap year.



85 Io

85 Io is a big, dark Main belt asteroid of the C spectral class. It is probably a primitive body made of carbonates. Like 70 Panopaea it orbits within the Eunomia asteroid family but it is not related to the shattered parent body.

Io is a retrograde rotator, with its pole pointing towards one of ecliptic coordinates (β, λ) = (-45°, 105°) or (-15°, 295°) with a 10° uncertainty. This gives an axial tilt of about 125° or 115°, respectively. Its shape is quite spherical.

It was found by C. H. F. Peters on September 19, 1865 and named after Io, a lover of Zeus in Greek mythology.

A diameter of 178 kilometres was measured from an occultation of a star on December 10, 1995 .

Io is also the name of the volcanic moon of Jupiter. With a two-digit number and a two-letter name, 85 Io has the shortest designation of all minor planets.



Coat of arms of Iraqi Kurdistan

The coat of arms of Iraqi Kurdistan is an eagle holding a sun on its wings. The sun is formed of three colours, red, yellow and green, which represent the Kurdish flag. This coat of arms was first used in 1992.

87 Sylvia

87 Sylvia is one of the biggest main-belt asteroids. It is a member of the Cybele group. It is beyond the middle of the belt. Sylvia is famous for being the first asteroid known to have more than one moon.

Sylvia was found by N. R. Pogson on May 16, 1866 from Madras (Chennai), India. In the article announcing the discovery of this asteroid ("MNRAS", 1866), Pogson said he selected the name in reference to Rhea Silvia, mother of Romulus and Remus.

Sylvia is very dark in color and probably has a primitive composition. The discovery of its moons made possible an accurate measurement of the asteroid's mass and density. Its density is very low (around 1.2 times the density of water), indicating that the asteroid has a lot of empty spaces; From 25% to as much as 60% of it may be empty space. The mineralogy of X-type asteroids is not well known. Sylvia is a fairly fast rotator, turning about its axis every 5.18 hours (giving an equatorial rotation speed of about 230 km/h or 145 mph).

Sylvia is orbited by two small moons. They have been named Romulus and Remus (the formal names are (87) Sylvia I Romulus and (87) Sylvia II Remus, respectively), after the children of the mythological Rhea Silvia.

It is thought likely that both Sylvia and its moons are rubble piles from a past asteroid collision Other, smaller moons formed in a similar way may also be found.


Java Embedding Plugin

Java Embedding Plugin (JEP) allows Java on Mac OS X with browsers that are not Safari.


Arena (web browser)

Arena is a web browser made by the W3C for testing support for HTML 3 and Cascading Style Sheets.

Flock (web browser)

Flock is a web browser based on Mozilla Firefox. Flock is also the name of the company making the browser.

Upon leaving beta, Flock has won a number of awards:



HTTrack

HTTrack is a free and open source website copier and offline browser by Xavier Roche, licensed under the GNU General Public License. It allows you to download World Wide Web sites from the Internet to a computer.


K-Meleon

K-Meleon is a free and open-source, lightweight web browser for Microsoft Windows. Unlike cross-platform browsers, it uses the Windows API to create its user interface. Early versions of K-Meleon render web pages with Gecko, Mozilla's browser layout engine. The Firefox web browser and the Mozilla Thunderbird email client also use Gecko. K-Meleon became a popular browser for Windows. It was available as an optional default browser in Europe. After Mozilla deprecated embedding Gecko, K-Meleon continued to use it for several years. K-Meleon 76 uses the Goanna layout engine. Goanna is a fork of Gecko created for the Pale Moon browser.

K-Meleon began as a competitor to Mozilla's original internet suite. It had the goal of being faster and lighter. Until 2011, K-Meleon embedded Gecko in a stripped-down interface. Throughout its lifespan, K-Meleon has required small amounts of memory. K-Meleon 76 uses the Goanna fork. It supports platforms no longer supported by Mozilla after their Gecko rewrite. K-Meleon supports older computers and older computer software. It maintains active support for Windows XP and Windows Vista.

Customization is another primary design goal of K-Meleon. Users can change the toolbars, menus, and keyboard shortcuts from text-based configuration files. Besides conventional extensions, K-Meleon also supports macros. Macros are small, human-readable extensions. Users can examine, write, or edit them in a text editor. K-Meleon's custom configuration files can trigger macros. Because it is adaptable, experts recommended K-Meleon for internet cafes and libraries in the early 2000s.



Gentoo Linux

Gentoo Linux is a version of the Linux operating system. It was created by Daniel Robbins. The project and its products are named after the Gentoo penguin.

Gentoo Linux uses a package management system called Portage. Portage is like the BSD ports collection. Gentoo package management is designed to be modular, portable, easy to maintain, flexible, and optimized for the user's machine. Packages are normally built from source code, continuing the tradition of the ports collection, although for convenience, some large software packages are also available as precompiled binaries for various architectures.

Although originally designed for the x86 architecture, it has been ported to many others and currently runs on the x86, x86-64, IA-64, PA-RISC; PowerPC, PowerPC 970, SPARC64, MIPS, DEC Alpha, System Z/s390, PS3 Cell Processor and SuperH architectures. Official support for 32-bit Sparc hardware has been dropped.

Gentoo's official software package repository includes, for example, UNetbootin.



1151

1151 was a common year.



1148

1148 was a leap year.



1146

1146 was a common year.



Federico Fellini

Federico Fellini (born 20 January 1920 in Rimini, died 31 October 1993 in Rome) was an Italian movie-maker and director. Fellini's movies combine memory, dream, and fantasy.

The first movie Fellini directed was "Lo Sceicco Bianco" (1951), with Alberto Sordi, written by Michelangelo Antonioni and Ennio Flaiano. In making this movie Fellini met Nino Rota, the musician that would follow him for the successful rest of his career.

Fellini was married to actress Giulietta Masina (1921-1994) from 1943 until his death. In 1945, he had a son who survived for only 2 weeks; it was the only child of Fellini and Giulietta Masina. Masina acted in many of his movies. Other actors Fellini often worked with include Marcello Mastroianni, Alberto Sordi, and Anita Ekberg.

Apart from making movies he also wrote scripts for radio shows, for movies (mainly for Roberto Rossellini) and wrote comic gags for well known actors like Aldo Fabrizi. Fellini also produced several drawings (mostly pencil on paper), often humoristic portraits. His first success was in drawing advertising pictures for movies.

During Fascism an "Avanguardista", his first writings were for Alleanza Cinematografica Italiana (ACI), a production company of Vittorio Mussolini, son of Benito, who introduced him to Rossellini.

In 1944, when Fascism was over, he opened a shop in Rome in which he sold these drawings. The shop was named (in English) "The Funny Face Shop", and contained works from Fellini and De Seta, Verdini, Camerini, Scarpelli, Majorana, Guasta, Giobbe, Attalo, Migneco (all writers, directors or otherwise intellectuals working for Italian cinema). In the same year started his contribution to Rossellini's Roma Città Aperta, with Aldo Fabrizi. Fellini took also part in writing another of Rossellini's movies: "Paisà". He wrote also for other directors as Alberto Lattuada, Pietro Germi and Luigi Comencini.

In 1987 he won the BAFTA Academy Fellowship Award, a lifetime achievement award. In 1993, he received an Academy Award (Oscar) for his lifetime achievement.


John Milton

John Milton (9 December 1608 – 8 November 1674) was an English poet, religious thinker, and civil servant for the English Commonwealth Government. He is one of the most important figures in Western literature. He is most famous for his Christian epic poem "Paradise Lost". His writing influenced both later poets and religious thinkers.

John Milton was born on 9 December 1608, the son of John Milton (senior) and Sarah Jerry. His family lived in Bread Street, London. His father was a musician and composer. His main work was as a scrivener, a secretary who reads and writes letters for people who cannot read and write for themselves. Milton's father was well paid at this work, and was able to hire a private tutor to teach his clever eldest son. Milton's brother Christopher said he studied very long into each night. Milton then went to St. Paul's School where he studied Latin, Greek, and Hebrew.

Milton then studied at Christ's College, Cambridge and graduated with a B.A. in 1629. On 3 July 1632, he received his Master of Arts degree. He returned home where he continued to study and write poetry for six years. He wrote a large number of poems. In 1638 he made a tour of the Continent, spending a lot of time in France and Italy, where he learned about other authors such as Dante, Tasso, and Ariosto. When he was 34, he married Mary Powell, who was 17. He defended freedom of speech and freedom of press.

In 1645, during the English Civil War, he published "Poems of Mr. John Milton", in which there were his famous poems "L'Allegro" and "Il'Penseroso", which was mostly ignored. In 1649, during the trial of Charles I, Milton wrote "Of the Tenure of Kings and Magistrates", arguing that kings can rule only when the people allow them to. He then became secretary to the Council of State and wrote in Latin "Eikonoklastes" in 1649. That was the last big writing project he did before he began to become blind. In 1652, he became completely blind and was very unhappy. However, in 1667, he published the famous "Paradise Lost", one of the greatest English-language epics. Four years later, he wrote "Paradise Regained", a story about how men became sinful and how Jesus Christ won the battle with the devil. The last work that was published while he was alive was "Samson Agonistes". He died, probably because of gout, on 8 November 1674.


Wedge (mechanics)

A wedge is a simple machine used mainly to put in between two stones. A wedge as a tool is used to push two things apart such as the blade of a sword and knife does when it cuts wood. A wedge can also be used to lift an object or hold an object in place. The mechanical advantage of a wedge depends on the ratio of its length to its thickest part.

The origin of the wedge is unknown, because it has been in use as early as the Stone Age. Circa 3000 BC, in Ancient Egypt quarries, bronze wedges were used to break away blocks of rock used for construction. Wood wedges, that swelled after being wet, were also used. Some Native American tribes used antler wedges as a means of splitting and working wood to make canoes, houses, and other wood objects.
Examples include axes, splitting mauls, and splitting wedges. Wedges can also be used to lift heavy objects, or finely adjust the height of objects, essentially separating them from the surface they rest on. These may also be referred to as shims. Knives, scissors, chisels, and even teeth can sometimes be used as wedges, however, they are more fundamentally cutting implements.

Wedges can also be used to hold objects in place, such as engine parts (poppet valves), bicycle parts (stems and eccentric bottom brackets), and doors.

A door stop (door wedge) is a wedge, and its main function is to generate friction between the bottom of the door and the ground.

A fork or nails can also be considered a type of wedge. While a nail will slice into wood when hammered, a bolt will not be pushed in. This is because a nail is a wedge and a bolt is not. A nail is tapered to a point at its end, then gets thicker farther up towards the head of the nail.

The mechanical advantage of a wedge is the length of the sloping side of the wedge and divide it by the length of the thick end of the wedge. Therefore the formula for a wedge is:

formula_1 

The more acute the angle of the wedge, the more mechanical advantage it will have.

Despite this, one reason that many splitting wedges have a wide angle is that an elastic material, such as wood, will bind a narrow wedge more readily than a wide wedge. This is why splitting mauls have a much larger angle than an axe.



Cabinet of Germany

The Bundesregierung, sometimes called the Bundeskabinett or Federal Cabinet, is the government of the Federal Republic of Germany and it consists of the Chancellor and the Federal Ministers.

The job of the cabinet is listed in the articles 62 to 69 of the constitution. This also has the oath of office that the minister must take.

The Chancellor is responsible for the administrative work of the Federal Government, but the work is delegated to the Head of the Federal Chancellery.

The Chancellor sets the general policy of the Federal Government, and what each ministry should do. The Federal Ministers are responsible for what happens in their own departments, and for making sure that the ministry keeps to the general ideas of the Chancellor. This is known as the departmental principle ().

If two Federal Ministers disagree about what should be done or about who is to do it or how it is to be done, the Federal Government decides with a majority decision. The is called the cooperative principle ().

The "Federal Minister Law" () says that a retired member of the Federal Government can have a retirement pension, if they have been a minister for at least two years. Time as a junior minister (US "Undersecretary"), who in Germany are called parliamentary permanent secretaries, is counted, and so is previous membership in a Land (state) government.

Parliamentary permanent secretaries and state ministers are not members of the Federal Government, but do help them in their job.

As a rule, the Federal Cabinet meets in the Federal Chancellery every Wednesday at 9:30 a.m.

Only members of CDU-CSU and SPD are in the Third Merkel Cabinet (2013-2018). 

This table lists the number and percentage of members of the federal government who were lawyers. In Germany the time between elections is called a "legislative period". In the United Kingdom this would be called a Parliament or in the United States a Congress.

Brave New World

Brave New World is a dystopia novel by Aldous Huxley. It was first published in 1932. The novel is set in London of "AF 632", which is about 2540 AD, and speaks of developments in reproductive technology, operant conditioning, and sleep-learning that change society.

The general idea is a World Government manipulates people so as to make them easier to govern. They are split into five castes, hatched by the state to fill preset positions in society. The lower castes, which are clones, are treated with chemicals to arrest their mental and physical development. Children are treated by a process which gives them only information appropriate to their caste. They are moulded for their positions in life. Psychological needs are met by compulsory dosing of the drug "soma", a hallucinogen which takes the user on an enjoyable trip. In the novel various characters experience life in this planned society and struggle with the problems it causes them.




Manuel José Quintana

Manuel José Quintana y Lorenzo (April 11, 1772 - March 11, 1857), poet, was born at Madrid, Spain.

In 1801 Quintana wrote a tragedy, "El Duque de Viseo", written about a patriotic theme. which was successful.

The first book of his "Vidas de Españoles célebres", about the lives of Spanish heroes, helped to promote Quintana the post of secretary to the Cortes during the French invasion. But on the return of Ferdinand VII he was put in prison at Pamplona from 1814 to 1820. He was finally given a small post in the civil service, became tutor to Queen Isabella II, and was nominated senator.

Quintana died at the age of 84. Philanthropy and patriotism helped him write. The thought he put into his poems is not deep, but his faith to Spain attracted people to read them.


Fortran

Fortran is a programming language first created in the 1950s. It is still in use today. It is a procedural language mainly used for scientific computing and numerical analysis.
The first FORTRAN compiler was created in 1954-57 by a team at IBM led by John W. Backus. This compiler was the first compiler for any High level language. The authors were worried that no one would use the language if programs written in it did not run nearly as fast as programs written in assembly language. So they made it an optimizing compiler.

Because of the heavy use by scientists doing numerical work the language grew in ways that encouraged compiler writers to produce compilers that generated high quality (fast) code. There are many high performance compiler vendors. Much work and research in compiler theory and design was caused by the need to generate good code for Fortran programs.

Several revisions of the language have appeared, including the very well known FORTRAN IV (the same as FORTRAN 66), FORTRAN 77 and Fortran 90. The most recent formal standard for the language was published in 1997 and is known as Fortran 95.

Initially, the language relied on precise formatting of the source code and heavy use of statement numbers and 'go to' statements, written as goto in Fortran.

Every version introduced 'modern' programming concepts, such as source code comments and output of text, IF-THEN-ELSE (in FORTRAN 77), recursion (in Fortran 90) and parallel constructs, while trying to maintain Fortran's 'lean' profile and high performance.

The name "Fortran" is short for "Formula Translation". The language was formerly known as FORTRAN (and older variants of it still are). Since Fortran 90, the capitalization has been abandoned. The published formal standards use "Fortran".

The two standards below are for current Fortran implementations. 


William Butler Yeats

William Butler Yeats (1865–1939) was an Irish poet, dramatist and mystic. He was born in Dublin, Ireland on 13 June 1865. He spent most of his time in Sligo and some time in London.

Yeats' early poetry drew heavily on myth and legend. His later work had more to do with contemporary issues. One of his famous poems is called "Leda and the Swan".

With Lady Gregory and others, he was one of the people who founded the Irish Literary Theatre and the Abbey Theatre.

He was also interested in Hermeticism and Theosophy. He was a member of the Hermetic Order of the Golden Dawn.

Yeats won the Nobel Prize in literature in 1923. He died in Menton, France.

90 Antiope

90 Antiope is an asteroid found on October 1, 1866 by Robert Luther. The 90th asteroid to be found, it is named after Antiope from Greek mythology, though it is disputed as to whether the namesake is Antiope the Amazon or Antiope the mother of Amphion and Zethus.

Antiope orbits in the farther third of the core region of the main belt, and is a member of the Themis family of asteroids. Like most bodies in this region, it is of the dark C spectral type, indicating that it is made of carbonaceous chondrite.

There have been 9 occultations observed since 1988, many of which are multichord occultations.

The most remarkable feature of Antiope is that it has two asteroids of almost equal size (the difference in mass is less than 2.5%), making it a truly "double" asteroid. Its binary nature was found on 10 August, 2000 by a group of astronomers using adaptive optics at the Keck Telescope on Mauna Kea. The "secondary" is designated S/2000 (90) 1.

Each asteroid is about 86±1 km across, with their centers separated by only about 170 kilometers. This means that the space separating the two halves is only 60 km, or so. The two bodies orbit around the same center of mass which lies in the space between them. The orbital period is about 16.50 hours, the eccentricity below 0.03 (best estimate 0.01 ± 0.02). Every several years, a period of mutual occultations occurs when the asteroid is viewed from Earth. Using Kepler's third law, the mass and density of the asteroids can be derived from the orbital period and asteroid sizes.

The axis of the mutual orbit of the two asteroids points towards ecliptic coordinates (β, λ) = (200°, 38°) with 2 degrees uncertainty. This is tilted about 63° to the circumsolar orbit of the system.


Hermetic Order of the Golden Dawn

The Hermetic Order of the Golden Dawn (or Golden Dawn for short) was a magical order of secret society for the study of the occult and metaphysics. It was founded in London in 1888 by Dr. William Wynn Westcott and Samuel Liddell MacGregor Mathers. It ceased to exist under that name in 1903. However, two spin-off groups were created at that time, the Stella Matutina and the Alpha et Omega.

While it was popular, many well-known people joined the Golden Dawn. Some of its members included:



Sweet William

Sweet William a Eurasian pink widely grown for its clusters of small bright-coloured flowers. Biennial to perennial plant belonging to the pink family, native to southern Europe. It is grown for its fragrant red, white, and pink flowers.
Georg Friedrich Händel composed “See the Conquering Hero Comes” in honour of the victorious Duke of Cumberland. The flower sweet William was named after the latter in England.


Mount Cheaha

Cheaha Mountain, often called Mount Cheaha, is the tallest point in the State of Alabama. It is 2,407 feet (734 meters) tall. Mount Cheaha is a quartzite rock mountain. Mount Cheaha is the southeasternmost point of the Appalachian Mountains.

Mount Cheaha is protected in Cheaha State Park. The nearest city to Mount Cheaha is Talladega.

Pago Pago

Pago Pago is a village in American Samoa. It is the capital of the country but not the seat of government. In 2000, 11,500 people lived there.

Fagatogo

Fagatogo is the seat of government in American Samoa, but not its capital city, which is Pago Pago.

The population of Fagatogo is about 3,000.

Planform

In design planform or plan view is a vertical orthographic projection of an object on a horizontal plane, like a map.

In aviation, a planform is the shape and layout of an airplane's wing. Of all the myriad planforms used, they can typically be grouped into those used for low-speed flight, found on general aviation aircraft, and those used for 
high-speed flight, found on many military aircraft and airliners.

Charlotte Amalie, U.S. Virgin Islands

Charlotte Amalie is the capital and largest city of the United States Virgin Islands. It has about 20,000 people. The city is on the island of Saint Thomas.

Olinda Castielle

Olinda Castielle born "Olinda Borggren" is a Swedish TV personality who was a contestant on the American reality show Joe Millionaire and the first season of the Swedish version of Paradise Hotel.



Plan view

A plan view is an orthographic projection of a 3-dimensional object from the position of a horizontal plane through the object. In other words, a plan is a section viewed from the top. In such views, the portion of the object above the plane is omitted to reveal what lies beyond. In the case of a floor plan, the roof and upper part of the walls may be left out. Basically, a plan view is just another name for the top view of a 3D object.

Floor plan

A floor plan (floorplan) in architecture and building engineering is a diagram, usually to scale, of the relationships between rooms, spaces and other physical features at one level of a structure.

Similar to a map the orientation of the view is downward from above.


Hagåtña, Guam

Hagåtña is the capital city of Guam. About 1050 people live there. The city has an area of about .

Plan (drawing)

Plans are a set of two-dimensional diagrams or drawings used to describe a place or object, or to communicate building or fabrication instructions. Usually plans are drawn or printed on paper, but they can take the form of a digital file.

Because plans represent three-dimensional objects on a two-dimensional plane, the use of views or Graphical projections is crucial the reading of plans.

There are several projection types:


Dededo, Guam

Dededo is the largest city in Guam. Dededo has a population of about 47,000 people. Dededo has an area of about 30 miles.


Albertville, Alabama

Albertville is the largest city in Marshall County, Alabama. Albertville had a population of 22,386 people in 2020. It has an area of about 27 miles, and a height of 1,024 feet. Other cities in Marshall County include Arab.

Besenbüren

Besenbüren is a municipality of the district Muri in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Bettwil

Bettwil is a municipality of the district Muri in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Biberstein

Biberstein is a municipality of the district Aarau of the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Arab, Alabama

Arab is a city in Marshall County, Alabama. Arab had a population of 8,461 people in 2020. It has an area of about and a height of above sea level. Other cities in Marshall County include Albertville.

Abbeville, Alabama

Abbeville is a city in the state of Alabama, in the United States. It is the county seat of Henry County. It is part of the Dothan, Alabama Metropolitan Statistical Area. In 2020, 2,358 people lived in Abbeville.

The government of Abbeville is a mayor and a city council. The city council is made up of five people. Each city councilperson is elected from one of five districts in the city.

The coordinates for Abbeville are: (31.566367, -85.251300). According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the size of the city is . This includes of land and 

Abbeville was a colonial town. It is the oldest still standing colonial settlement in eastern Alabama. It's older than Henry County and the State of Alabama. The city was named after a Muscogee Indian man named "Abbe." He was a Native American who lived nearby when the city was started. The name means "a grove of dogwood trees."

In 1819, there was a trading post in Abbeville. (A trading post is a small settlement that has been set up for trading. Trading posts are usually located in remote places.) At this time, the area was part of Alabama Territory.

In 1944, there was a famous civil rights event that happened in Abbeville. An African-American woman was gang-raped by six white men. The men told the police that they had raped her. Two grand juries decided not to take them to court. Because of this, the men were never punished. This event was written about in the book "At the Dark End of the Street."

By 1950, there were 2,162 people living in Abbeville.

In 2020, Abbeville had 2,358 people living there. It was 49.4% white, 44.1% black or African-American, 0.2% Native American, 0.6% Asian, 2.2% other races, and 3.5% mixed race. Of the people in Abbeville, 2.8% were Hispanic or Latino.

Birmenstorf, Aargau

Birmenstorf is a municipality of the district Baden in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.


Birmenstorf

Birmenstorf is the name of a municipality in Switzerland and in the canton Aargau:
It should not be confused with the Birmensdorf in canton Zürich:

Birr, Aargau

Birr is a municipality in the Swiss canton of Aargau.

Birmensdorf

Birmensdorf is a municipality of the district of Dietikon in the canton of Zürich in Switzerland.


Lake Zürich

Lake Zürich is a lake in Switzerland, that goes southeast of the city Zürich.


Birrhard

Birrhard is a municipality in Brugg in canton of Aargau in Switzerland.


Birrwil

Birrwil is a municipality in Kulm in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

It is on the western shore of Lake Hallwil.


Lake Hallwil

Lake Hallwil (German: "Hallwilersee") is a lake in the Canton of Aargau, Switzerland. Its surface maximum depth is 48 meters. 


Unterendingen

Unterendingen was a municipality of the district of Zurzach in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland. On 1 January 2014, the former municipality of Unterendingen merged into the municipality of Endingen.

Böbikon

Böbikon was a municipality of the district Zurzach in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland. It is south of the border with Germany.

On 1 January 2022, the former municipalities of Bad Zurzach, Baldingen, Böbikon, Kaiserstuhl, Rekingen, Rietheim, Rümikon and Wislikofen merged to form the new municipality of Zurzach.


Boniswil

Boniswil is a municipality in Lenzburg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.


Boswil

Boswil is a municipality in Muri in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Zuzgen

Zuzgen is a municipality in Rheinfelden in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Bottenwil

Bottenwil is a municipality of the district Zofingen in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Böttstein

Böttstein is a municipality of the district Zurzach in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.


Bad Zurzach

Bad Zurzach was a municipality in Zurzach in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland. It was the seat of the district. Bad Zurzach was known as Zurzach. On 1 January 2022, the former municipalities of Bad Zurzach, Baldingen, Böbikon, Kaiserstuhl, Rekingen, Rietheim, Rümikon and Wislikofen merged to form the new municipality of Zurzach.


Zurzach

Zurzach is a municipality in Zurzach in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland. It was created on 1 January 2022 from the former municipalities of Bad Zurzach, Baldingen, Böbikon, Kaiserstuhl, Rekingen, Rietheim, Rümikon and Wislikofen. It is the capital of the district. Bad Zurzach was previously known as Zurzach.

Bözen

Bözen was a municipality of the district Brugg in canton of Aargau in Switzerland. On 1 January 2022, the former municipalities of Bözen, Effingen, Elfingen and Hornussen merged to form the new municipality of Böztal.

Bozen

Bozen means one than more thing:


Zufikon

Zufikon is a municipality of the district of Bremgarten in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Geography of the Dominican Republic

The Dominican Republic (Spanish: "República Dominicana") is a country in the Caribbean. It occupies the eastern five-eighths of Hispaniola; Haiti occupies the western three-eighths of the island. The land border between these two countries is 388 km long.

The country has a total area of 48,671 km²; the part on the Hispaniola has an area of 48,215 km² and the small Dominican islands have an area of 159 km². The maximum length, east to west, is 390 km from Punta de Agua to Las Lajas, on the border with Haiti. The maximum width, north to south, is 265 km from Cape Isabela to Cape Beata.

The limits of the country are Haiti to the west, the Atlantic Ocean to the north and the Caribbean Sea to the south. Puerto Rico is to the southeast separated by the Mona Channel, of about 130 km wide. The capital, Santo Domingo, is located on the south coast.

The country has a tropical climate but modified by elevation and the "trade winds" (winds that come from the northeast, from the Atlantic Ocean), which blow from the Atlantic all year long. The average yearly temperature is 25 °C with small changes from one season to another; the average temperatures change from one region to another, from 21 °C in the centre of the Cordillera Central to as high as 28 °C on the coastal plains. Temperatures very few times get above 32 °C; temperatures get below 0 °C only in the highest mountains in winter. The average temperature in Santo Domingo in January is 25 °C and 30 °C in July.

The rain season is from May to November. The average yearly rainfall is 1,346 mm, with extremes of 2,500 mm or more in the northeastern mountains and 500 mm in the southwestern valleys. The western valleys, along the Haitian border, remain relatively dry, with less than 760 mm of annual precipitation. The northwestern and southeastern extremes of the country are also very dry.

From June to November (mainly from August to October), tropical storms and hurricanes are frequent and can do much damage in the country.

There are several smaller islands and cays that are part of the Dominican Republic. The largest islands are:

Some of the cays are "Cayos Siete Hermanos" (in English, "Seven Brothers Cays"), close to the northwestern coast, and the cays of Samaná Bay.

The Dominican Republic is a country with many mountains; the highest peaks of the Caribbean are found here. The chains of mountains show a direction northwest-southeast and they are separated by valleys with the same general direction.

From north to south, the mountain ranges and valleys are:


The 8 longest rivers of the Dominican Republic are:

The Artibonite River is the longest river of the island but only 68 km are in the Dominican Republic.

The largest lake of the Hispaniola, and of the Caribbean, is the Lake Enriquillo. It is in the "Hoya de Enriquillo" with an area of 265 km². There are three small islands within the lake. It is around 40 meters below sea level and is a saline lake with a higher concentration of salt than the sea water.

Others lakes are "Rincón" (fresh water, area of 28.2 km²), "Oviedo" (brackish water, area of 28 km²), "Redonda", "Limón".

Arbedo-Castione

Arbedo-Castione is a municipality of the district of Bellinzona in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.


Zofingen

Zofingen is a city in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland. It is the capital of the district of Zofingen.


Arogno

Arogno is a municipality of the district of Lugano in the canton of Ticino.


Aarwangen

Aarwangen is a municipality of the administrative district of Oberaargau in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


Adelboden

Adelboden is a municipality of the administrative district of Frutigen-Niedersimmental in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


Adelboden (disambiguation)

Adelboden is a municipality in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Other places named Adelboden:

Aefligen

Aefligen is a municipality of the administrative district of Emmental in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


Aegerten

Aegerten is a municipality of the administrative district of Biel/Bienne of the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


Aeschi bei Spiez

Aeschi bei Spiez is a municipality of the administrative district of Frutigen-Niedersimmental in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

107 Camilla

107 Camilla is one of the biggest main belt asteroids. It orbits within the Cybele Group, beyond most of the main belt asteroids. It has a very dark surface and is made of carbonate. It was found by N. R. Pogson on November 17, 1868, and named after Camilla, Queen of the Volsci in Roman mythology.

Study of its light curve shows that Camilla's pole probably points towards ecliptic coordinates (β, λ) = (+51°, 72°) with a 10° uncertainty, which gives it an axial tilt of 29°.

On March 1, 2001, a moon of Camilla was found by A. Storrs, F. Vilas, R. Landis, E. Wells, C. Woods, B. Zellner, and M. Gaffey using the Hubble Space Telescope. It has been labelled S/2001 (107) 1 but it does not yet have an official name.

Later sightings in September 2005 with the VLT allowed scientists to work out its orbit. Apart from data in infobox, the inclination was found to be 3 ± 1° with respect to an axis pointing towards (β, λ) = (+55°, 75°). Given the ~10° uncertainty in the actual rotational axis of Camilla, the orbit's inclination probably is less than 10°.

The moon is estimated to be about 11 km in diameter. If it has the same density as Camilla, this would give it a mass of about ~1.5 kg. It has a similar colour to Camilla.


Aya Ueto

She became famous when she won the jury's special award in the "Japan Bishojo Contest", a beauty and talent competition. Her first single was "Pureness".


Chitose Hajime

Chitose Hajime (元ちとせ "Hajime Chitose") is a singer from Japan. She is from Amami Ōshima and sings in a style particular to that region, with distinctive falsetto effects. Because of this, it is said that her voice has a relaxing effect that has been observed in electroencephalograms taken from the brains of people listening to her singing.

Chitose Hajime was recognized as a gifted folk singer at a young age. She won many folk song competitions, released two traditional folk albums on an indie label, and was approached by many record labels. She decided to study to become a beautician instead of pursuing music. However, Hajime had severe allergic reactions to many of the chemicals used by beauticians. She withdrew from school, and seriously considered a music career.

In 2001, she released a self-titled mini-album on the indie label Office Augusta. The album was covers of older songs, but was so well received that Hajime was pushed to release another mini-album. In August 2001, Chitose released her second mini-album with Augusta Records entitled Kotonoha ( コトノハ, Kotonoha) . This release featured 5 original tracks. 

In 2002 she released her first major label single on Epic Records - "Wadatsumi no Ki" ( ワダツミの木, "Wadatsumi no Ki") . It was the third highest selling single of the year behind only Hikaru Utada 's " traveling ", and Ayumi Hamasaki 's " H ". Three months later, she released a brand new single, "Kimi wo Omō" ( 君ヲ想フ, "Kimi wo Omō") . While also very popular, it was not nearly the success that her first single was, although it did help to cement her as a permanent artist. 

Her first major album, Hainumikaze ( ハイヌミカゼ, Hainumikaze), followed later in the year. It sold 800,000 copies, charted for 57 weeks, and was the 16th highest selling album of the year. 

She released 3 more singles before her second major album, Nomad Soul ( ノマド・ソウル, nomado souru ), was released in 2003. Shortly after a concert tour, and the release of a live album and DVD in 2004, Hajime announced that she would be taking time away from the music scene to get married, and have a child. Her first child miscarried, but she successfully gave birth to a girl on January 20, 2005. 

She returned to the music industry in November 2005 with the single "Kataritsugu Koto" ( 語り継ぐこと, "Kataritsugu Koto"), the ending theme for the anime BLOOD+ . The single was a hit, reaching #12 on the Oricon charts. She followed this success with her next come-back single, "Haru no Katami" ( 春のかたみ, "Haru no Katami"), the ending theme for the anime AYAKASHI - Japanese Classic Horror . This single sold 6050 copies in its first week, and remained on the charts for 7 weeks total. A third single was released before her next album. The single, "Ao no Requiem" ( 青のレクイエム, "Ao no Requiem"), was the theme song for the Studio GAGA film Hatsukoi . It featured 1 extra track, and charted for 3 weeks. The following week, Hajime released her third original major album, Hanadairo ( ハナダイロ, Hanadairo) . The album was available in both a regular edition, and a limited edition. The limited edition featured a 13th track, "Shinda Onna no Ko" ( 死んだ女の子, "Shinda Onna no Ko") with Ryuichi Sakamoto, as well as a DVD containing the music videos for "Kataritsugu Koto", and "Haru no Katami".

Felicity (disambiguation)

Felicity means happiness. It can also mean:


In addition, it can refer to:

Scrabble

Scrabble is a board game that is played by 2, 3 or 4 people. It uses a 15×15 board with squares on it and a large number of letters on small tiles. In the English version of Scrabble, there are 100 tiles. Players take turns putting words on the board using any of the seven letters (seven tiles) that they have in front of them. Their word must connect to another word that is already on the board.

Scrabble was invented in 1938 by an architect named Alfred Mosher Butts. He had previously invented a similar game called "Lexiko". He decided how many points each letter was worth by looking at books and newspapers and counting how often each letter was used in the English language. He called the game "Criss-Crosswords". However, he was not successful in selling the game. In 1948 a lawyer called James Brunot bought the rights to make to game. Brunot made some of the rules easier, and changed the name to "Scrabble", which is a real word meaning “to scratch around frantically”. Soon other firms around the world were buying rights to make the game. It had become so popular by 1984 that it was made into a daytime TV show on NBC television.

The name "Scrabble" today is a trademark of Hasbro in the US and Canada and of J. W. Spear & Sons PLC in other countries.

Many people play Scrabble in clubs and tournaments all over the world. People who play in serious tournaments are given a time limit. They lose points if they spend too long thinking about their moves.

There are websites where one can play Scrabble online.

The players decide who is going to start by taking one letter (one tile) from the bag. The person with the letter closest to the beginning of the alphabet may start.

Each player takes seven tiles from the bag (without looking at what they are). The player puts these tiles on a rack in front of them. This is so the player can see the letters they have, but the other players can not.

The first player puts a word on the board using some, or all, of their seven letters. The first player has to put their word on the star in the middle. After this, players take turns putting words on the board. Each new word placed on the board has to connect to another word. Sometimes it is possible to make two or more words in one turn by touching other letters, but each word on the board reading horizontally (left to right) or vertically (top to bottom) must be a real word.

Once a player plays a word, they take more tiles from the bag to replace the tiles they played. Near the end of the game, there will be no more tiles in the bag. When this happens, players do not take more tiles. The game ends when one player has no more tiles to play. When this happens, the other players add up the points of the letters they have left, and subtract that number from their score. The winner of the game is whoever has the most points.

There are special Scrabble dictionaries used for the game. In these dictionaries, all the allowed words (words that can be played during the game) are listed. When playing according to the proper rules, a player can not use a dictionary. However, if one player puts a word on the board, and another player says it is not an allowed word, then the players may check the dictionary. If the word is not in the dictionary, the player who played the word must take their letters back and lose their turn.

Every letter in Scrabble has a number of points that it is worth. Letters that are used less often in the language are worth more points. For example, in the English version of Scrabble, common letters such as E, T, and A are worth 1 point, while uncommon letters such as Q and Z are worth 10 points. There are also two blank tiles which can be used for any letter. These are worth zero points. For example, a player might place the tiles "C", "A", and a blank tile on the board, and say the blank tile is a T. This makes the word "CAT". For the rest of the game, the blank tile must be used as if it was a T.

There are many squares on the board where a player can get extra points. Some squares allow the player to count that letter twice (light blue) or three times (dark blue). These squares have "double letter score" or "triple letter score" written on them. Other squares allow them to count the whole word twice (light red) or three times (dark red). These squares have "double word score" or "triple word score" written on them. The star at the center of the board is also a "double word score" square.

Player 1 plays the word "TEAR" on the board. The letter "T" is on a "double letter score" square, and the letter "R" is on a "double word score" square.

To find how many points Player 1 gets, the points of each letter are added together: (1 × 2) (T) + 1 (E) + 1 (A) + 1 (R) = 5. The letter T gets twice as many points because of the square it is on. Because the word is on a "double word score" square, this number is multiplied by 2: 5 × 2 = 10. Player 1 gets 10 points for playing this word.

Now it is Player 2's turn. Player 2 adds an "S" to the end of Player 1's word. This makes the word "TEARS". Each of these letters is worth 1 point, so Player 2 will get 1 (T) + 1 (E) + 1 (A) + 1 (R) + 1 (S) = 5 points for playing this word. Player 2 does not get a "double word score" or "double letter score". This is because these squares only give extra points the first time a word is played on top of them.

There are many different versions of Scrabble for other languages. This is because not all languages use the same letters. Some languages also use some letters more often than others. There are versions in languages with other alphabets, such as Russian.

Flow (band)

FLOW is a Japanese music band. The group is made of five men. The group was made in 1998.

Since Flow is a Japanese band, they sing in Japanese, but they often use English sentences or words in their songs. 
Their songs are used in different anime series, like Naruto and Eureka Seven. With starting numbers like: Sign, Go.

This list contains the names and birth dates of group members

Nuremberg Trials

There were two sets of Nuremberg Trials.

The first, and most well known, were the trials of the leaders of Nazi Germany. This was organized by the International Military Tribunal (IMT). The judges and prosecutors were from the four wartime Allies, France, the USSR, the United Kingdom and the United States.

The second set of trials were the 12 "follow up trials" (). These trials were of groups of lower-ranking Nazis, like doctors, and officials of the German Foreign Office. Although the follow up trials were held in the same courtroom as the IMT trials, they were run by the Americans alone. 
The International Military Tribunal was opened on October 18, 1945, in the Supreme Court Building in Berlin. The first session was presided over by the Soviet judge, Nikitchenko. The prosecution brought charges against 24 major war criminals and six criminal organizations – the leadership of the Nazi Party, the Schutzstaffel (SS) and Sicherheitsdienst (SD), the Gestapo, the Sturmabteilung (SA) and the High Command of the German armed forces (OKW).

The indictments were for:


The 24 accused were:

"I" indicted      "G" indicted and found guilty      "O" Not Charged

"I" indicted      "G" indicted and found guilty      "O" Not Charged

The death sentences were carried out on 16 October 1946 by hanging using the inefficient American "standard" drop method instead of the long drop. The executioner was John C. Woods. The French judges suggested the use of a firing squad for the military condemned, as is standard for military courts-martial, but this was opposed by Biddle and the Soviet judges. They said that the military officers acted so badly they did not deserve to be treated as soldiers. The prisoners sentenced to jail were transferred to Spandau Prison in 1947.

The definition of what constitutes a war crime is described by the Nuremberg Principles, a document which was created as a result of the trial. The medical experiments conducted by German doctors and prosecuted in the so-called Doctors' Trial led to the creation of the Nuremberg Code to control future trials involving human subjects.

Four organisations were charged as being criminal. Only the SS was found guilty. These organisations were found not to be criminal:


Orthographic projection

Orthographic projection is a way of showing a 3D object in 2D. It is a form of parallel projection, where the view direction is orthogonal to the projection plane. 


Parallel projection

In linear algebra and functional analysis, a projection is a linear transformation "P" from a vector space to itself such that "P" = "P". Projections map the whole vector space to a subspace and leave the points in that subspace unchanged.


Nonprofit organization

A nonprofit organization (NPO), or non-business entity, is an organization which does not give its surplus income to owners or shareholders.

It uses its revenue and/or capital to achieve its purpose or mission. The decision to adopt a non profit legal structure is one that will often have tax benefits. Governments may see them as supporting activities which help the community.

In England this is more often referred to as "not-for-profit", and includes local and national government. Non-profit organizations are allowed to pay their workers, but sometimes workers at non-profit organizations are volunteers who do not get paid for their work.

Sometimes a non-profit may make money to help other people, which might include helping them start their own business or providing them with food, clothing or shelter. Some non-profits try to help endangered animals or the environment. Some non-profits are small groups of people such as a block association or community group. Others such as trade unions, universities or religions are large and well established, with many assets and many paid workers. 

When a non-profit organization deals with politics or international issues it can be called a non-governmental organization or NGO. The Wikimedia organization, which runs Wikipedia is a non-profit. It is based in Florida in the United States. It is also a not-for-profit corporation.


Expense

An expense, also sometimes called an expenditure, is when money is given in exchange for a good or service.

In accounting, expense has a very specific meaning. It is when cash or some other valuable object goes from a person or company to another person or company.

Deposit account

A Deposit Account is an account at a bank where money can be put in or taken out by whoever owns the account. Each time money is moved, it is recorded in the bank's books. Some banks charge a fee for this, others may pay the customers interest.


Filippo Brunelleschi

Filippo Brunelleschi ( , , also known as Pippo; 1377 – 15 April 1446) was one of the most important architects of the Italian Renaissance and an inventor of the perspective. All of his most well-known works are in Florence, Italy.

Brunelleschi was born in Florence, Italy in 1377. His family consisted of his father, Brunellesco di Lippo, a notary and civil servant, his mother Giuliana Spini, and his two brothers. The family was well-off; the palace of the Spini family still exists, across from the Church of the Trinita in Florence.

The principal buildings and works designed by Brunelleschi or which included his involvement:



Arno

The Arno is a river in the Tuscany region of Italy. It is one of the important rivers of central Italy. 

The river begins on Mount Falterona in the Casentino area of the Apennines. It first takes a curve to the south. The river turns to the west near Arezzo. It passes through Florence, Empoli and Pisa, then flows into the Tyrrhenian Sea at the Marina di Pisa. At a length of , it is the longest river in the region.

A flood on November 4, 1966 collapsed the embankment in Florence. This killed at least 40 people. It also damaged or destroyed millions of works of art and rare books. 40 years later, hundreds of works had still not been restored.

Lake Como

Lake Como () is a glacial lake in Lombardy, Italy. It has an area of . It is the third largest lake in Italy (after Lake Garda and Lake Maggiore). Varenna, Lierna, Bellagio, Menaggio, Limonta, and Tremezzo constitute the geographical area of the Central Lake Como, considered the most iconic and exclusive of Lake Como, and includes only the villages that have a view of the peninsula promontory of Bellagio.

The Centre-Lake Como (Centro-Lago di Como) the area between Bellagio, Lierna, Varenna, Menaggio, Tramezzina and the Comacina Island is the most beautiful and prestigious area of the whole Lake Como where the high European nobility has had its own possessions for centuries. In the Centre-Lake Como (Centro-Lago) prices per square meter can exceed 350,000 euros, like the Costa Smeralda, which is why George Clooney himself defined Lierna as "like Monte Carlo".

The Lake Center (Centro-Lago di Como), which encompasses the most important and luxurious areas of Lake Como, is renowned for its unique location at the intersection of the three branches of the water basin, forming a 'Y' shape. Bellagio is situated in the centre and is surrounded by ancient villages, including Lierne, Sala Comacina to the South, and Menaggio and Varenna to the North. This area includes several prominent towns such as Bellagio, Lierna, Fiumelatte, Varenna, Menaggio, Olcio, Limonta, Vergonese, San Giovanni (Bellagio), Cadenabbia, Perledo, Sala Comacina, Lenno, Azzano, Griante, Visgnola, Ossuccio, and Tremezzina. It is a region known for its picturesque towns and stunning scenery.

Some of the towns and villages on the shores of Lake Como are Como, Lierna, Lecco, Bellagio, Mandello del Lario, and Lenno.

If the Costa di Como of Lake Como has become the best known to tourists due to the presence of large hotels, the Lecco coast is historically the most important and exclusive, with the beaches of the lake and the most beautiful mountain setting, studied For a long time from Leonardo da Vinci. It is on the coast and the mountains of the Lecco branch, that the excusive and very reserved villas of large industrialists such as the Italian Falcks and Nobles, since the time of ancient Rome, including the Villa Comedia De Plinio the young man in the village is hidden, including the village and nobles. Secret of Lierna, where the order of the knights of the Italian royal family of the Savoy house was also founded. The Ramo of Lecco and its mountains is the one where Leonardo da Vinci was compiled by telling him in his Atlantic code and where probably Mona Lisa realized. On the coast of the Lecco branch of Lake Como Alessandro Manzoni set his Roman "I Promessi Sposi". It is in the villages of Lake Como that poets, writers and poets are inspired and where for centuries nobody wanted tourists.

The village of Lierna Lago di Como, defined by George Clooney as Monte Carlo, who tried to buy Villa Aurelia without ever succeeding, is the most exclusive and secret place of the whole Lake Como. Sigismondo Boldoni who inspired Alessandro Manzoni said "It is Lierna that dominates the whole Lake Como", Leonardo da Vinci explored his mountains. High European nobility, great entrepreneurs and managers including the world president of Mercedes, and the families of Oligarchi Russian, have properties in Lierna Lago di Como and in its mountains, toh the most absolute privacy, in a place made exclusive and full of VIP whose nobody knows anything, also for the fact that it is impossible to park and you can in fact arrive only on the boat. In Lierna or you were born there or you are a VIP that wants to escape from the crowd and tourists.

For many centuries Lierna has been the most exclusive place in the whole of Lake Como, frequented by kings, empresses, princely families, and where the most important managers and billions in the world buy a home, including the world president of Mercedes. The chivalric order was founded in the Church of Lierna which allowed the birth of the royal house of the Kings of Italy, the Savoy. Lierna is the place on Lake Como with the most beautiful life of all Lake Como and the place most represented by painters from all over Europe for many centuries, having a magical atmosphere. The place is very private, the villas are hidden and not even George Clooney has managed to buy a villa offering over 100 million euros for years. It is often said that the inhabitants of Lierna paid for not having Lierna appear on the geographical maps of Lake Como for centuries. It is very difficult to stop in Lierna because there are deliberately no parking spaces and you can only arrive by boat by selecting who comes. Luxury villas in Lierna are priceless and are one of the greatest status symbols in the world. 

Lake Como is famous for its beauty and for its beautiful surroundings. The lake has for many years been a popular place for the aristocracy and the wealthy to relax. Nowadays, there are still a number of celebrities who stay by the lake, which helps to increase the flow of tourists. There are a large number of palaces with beautiful parks, such as Villa Olmo, Villa del Balbianello, Villa Serbelloni and Villa Carlotta. The costs of some villas exceed 100 million euros and it is very difficult to find them with a lake view.

Among the many well-known people who have - or have had - a connection to the lake, can be mentioned:

The most requested luxury area is the Lake Como center which overlooks the iconic tip of Bellagio and goes from Tremezzo, Griante, Menaggio to Lierna, Fiumelatte and Varenna.
The cost for apartment need from 5,000 to 7,000 euros per square meter, even if some penthouse have been sold for 25,000 euros per metre, the not indipendent villa need between 10 to 15.000, the indipendent villa with lake view more them 25.000 for square metered; when renting, the cost of 80 square meters can reach 7,500 euros per month (excluding condominium costs).
Lake Como today is consider a super exclusive neighborhood of Milan. 


Lake Maggiore

Lake Maggiore (in Italian: "Lago Maggiore" or "lago Verbano") is the most westerly of the three large prealpine lakes of Italy and the second largest after Lake Garda.

The Spirit of Woodstock Festival is an annual open air festival at the end of July/beginning of August at Mirapuri.


GIMP

The GNU Image Manipulation Program, or GIMP, is a free software picture maker.

It is often used for making logos, making photographs bigger or smaller, changing colours, making many pictures part of one picture, making pictures nicer to look at, and changing file formats.

GIMP is often used as a free software alternative for the most popular Adobe Photoshop, but it is not made to be an Adobe Photoshop clone. GIMPs mascot is named Wilber.

GIMP was started in 1995 by Spencer Kimball and Peter Mattis and is now taken care of by a group of volunteers as part of the GNU Project. The newest version of GIMP is v.2.8 and it was available since March 2009. GIMPs license is the GNU General Public License, so GIMP is free software.

GIMP can be used for opening and changing many types of file formats. GIMPs own file format is XCF, which is the name of the building where GIMP was written.

Some file formats that GIMP can be used with are bitmap, JPEG, PNG, GIF and TIFF. GIMP can also read and write path information from SVG files and GIMP can read Adobe PDF files and the raw image formats used by digital cameras, but cannot write to these formats.


David Ben-Gurion

David Ben-Gurion (born David Grün on 16 October 1886, died 1 December 1973) was the first Prime Minister of Israel. 

He was born in Płońsk, Poland and aspired to create a state of Israel for all the oppressed Jews of Europe. He moved to Palestine and worked as a farmer there until he was expelled during the First World War. After the war he came back and founded the “Confederation of Jewish Workers.” Then he became president of ‘’Mapai’’ or the Israeli Workers Party. Eventually he got what he wanted when the state of Israel was founded after World War II. After leading Israel to victory in the 1948 Arab-Israeli War, Ben-Gurion helped build the state institutions. He retired from political life in 1970 and moved to Sde Boker, where he lived until his death. He died of a stroke in Tel HaShomer, Israel.

After he died, Ben-Gurion was named one of "Time Magazine's" 100 Most Important People of the Century.

He is the country’s second longest-serving prime minister after Benjamin Netanyahu.


Kotoko

Kotoko (stylized as KOTOKO, born January 19) is a Japanese musician. She was born January 19, in Hokkaido, Japan. She is signed to "I've". She writes the lyrics of her songs by herself, and gives them to other artists. She plays an active role in the animation and game industry.




Mariano José de Larra

Mariano José de Larra (24 March 1809 - 13 February 1837) was a Spanish romanticist writer noted for satire and perhaps the best prose writer of 19th-century Spain.

He was born in Madrid; his father was a doctor in the French army, and, as an "afrancesado", was forced to leave the Peninsula with his family in 1812. In 1817 Larra went back to Spain, knowing less Spanish than French. His nature was disorderly, his education was imperfect, and, after trying obtain a degree in medicine or law, he made an imprudent marriage at the age of twenty, broke with his relatives and became a journalist.

On the 27th of April 1831 he produced his first play, "No más mostrador", based on two pieces by Scribe and Dieulafoy. Though not very original, it is brilliantly written, and held the stage for many years. On the 24th of September 1834 he produced "Macías", a play based on his own historical novel, "El doncel de don Enrique el Doliente" (1834).

The drama and novel are interesting as experiments, but Larra was really a journalist, and the increased liberty of the press after the death of Ferdinand VII gave him opportunities. He was already famous under the pseudonyms of "Juan Pérez de Munguía" and "Fígaro" which he used in "El Pobrecito Hablador" and "La Revista Española" respectively. People in Madrid laughed at his grim humour; ministers feared his vitriolic pen and courted him; he defended Liberalism against the Carlist rebellion; he was elected as deputy for Ávila, and a great career seemed to lie before him. But the era of military pronunciamientos ruined his personal prospects and patriotic plans. His writing took on a more sombre tinge; domestic troubles increased his pessimism, and after a disastrous love-affair, he committed suicide by shooting himself in February 1837.

Larra lived long enough to prove himself the greatest prose-writer that Spain had during the 19th century. He wrote at great speed with the constant fear of the censor before his eyes, but no sign of haste is seen in his work, and the dexterity with which he aims his venomous shafts is amazing. His political instinct, his abundance of ideas and his forcible, mordant style would have given him a foremost position at any time and in any country; in Spain in his own period, they placed him beyond all rivalry.



Luis de Molina

Luis de Molina (born 1535 in Cuenca; died October 12, 1600 in Madrid) was a Spanish Jesuit and writer.

At the age of eighteen Molina became a member of the Society of Jesus. He studied theology at Coimbra. After this, he became professor in the university of Évora, Portugal. From this post he was called, at the end of twenty years, to the chair of moral theology in Madrid.

Besides other works he wrote "De liberi arbitrii cum gratiae donis, divina praescientia, praedestinatione et reprobatione concordia" (4 vo., Lisbon, 1588); a commentary on the first part of the "Summa Theologiae" of Thomas Aquinas (2 vols., fol., Cuenca, 1593); and a treatise "De jure et justitia" (6 vols., 1593-1609).

Henrik Ibsen

Henrik Johan Ibsen (born 20 March 1828 – 23 May 1906) was a Norwegian realist playwright. He is often called the "father of modern drama."

Ibsen is held to be the greatest of Norwegian authors and one of the most important playwrights of all time, celebrated as a national symbol by Norwegians. His greatest works can be said to be "A Doll's House" or "Enemy of the People."

Bead

A bead is a small item with a hole in it for stringing. Beads can be threaded together on a string. Beads can be made from many different things including wood, glass, and gemstones. The oldest known beads are over 100,000 years old. Beads, made from stones, have been found in the graves of the kings of Egypt. Clay beads have always been made in abundance. They were first painted in patterns similar to those used on bowls or pots. 

Making beads in clay is a skill which is easy to learn. The clay material presents a design opportunity limited only by the imagination and expertise of the maker. 

During the last century in the western hemisphere, the wearing of beads has become the prerogative of woman. Yet throughout history, men have worn great quantities of beads to show their masculinity and virility. As early as 5000 BC men and women alike valued wearing strands of shell, stone, teeth and bone beads. Faience and Carnelian beads found in an Egyptian tomb date back to 4000 BC. Phoenician trade ships carried beads to and from Egypt as early as 2500 BC so it is impossible to know for sure how long beads were really in circulation. The graves of Egypt reveal the development of the craft of bead making better the those of other civilizations due to the trade routes established in continental Europe. From 3000-1900 BC, the Amber Routes ran from Moravia, France and Austria to Russia, England and Spain. Ancient trade routes went to the Far East as well as Africa.
Today, there are many types of the beads including silver beads, stone beads, fire polish, and swarovsky crystal beads. Stringing beads on beading wire is one of the most popular methods for making beaded jewellery and motifs. This can be worn as bracelets, necklaces, and anklets. In Japan, beads making came into fashion when Crown Princess Masako made her swarovski beads necklace by herself. Bead art shows are held in November every year, and beads lovers publish their work. They often become trendsetters.

African trade beads 
slave beads 

Julius Streicher

Julius Streicher (born : 12 February 1885 in Fleinhausen,Bavaria,Germany/died : 16 October 1946 in Nuremberg,Bavaria,Germany) made propaganda for Nazi Germany. He published the racist newspaper "Der Stürmer". His publishing company also sold three anti-Semitic books for children, including the 1938 "Der Giftpilz" ("The Poison Mushroom"). This was one of the most commonly read pieces of propaganda. The book said that Jewish people were dangerous, just like a nice-looking but deadly mushroom. 

After World War II, Streicher was convicted of crimes against humanity at the Nuremberg Trials. He was executed.

Streicher was born in Fleinhausen, Bavaria. He was an elementary school teacher.

In 1913, Streicher married Kunigunde Roth, a baker's daughter, in Nürnberg.

The next year, World War I started. Streicher joined the German Army. During the war, he won the Iron Cross. By the time the war ended in 1918, Streicher was a lieutenant. 

Streicher and his wife had two sons: Lothar (born in 1915), and Elmar (born in 1918).

In 1919, Streicher was active in the "Schutz- und Trutz-Bund", an anti-Semitic organization. In 1920, he turned to the newly formed German Socialist Party ("Deutschsozialistische Partei"). This political party had nearly the same ideas as the Nazi Party. Streicher wanted to make it more anti-Semitic. Most members of the German Socialist Party did not want this, so Streicher and his followers moved to the "German Working Community" () in 1921. 

The German Working Community wanted to bring together all the different anti-Semitic groups in Germany. In 1922, Streicher joined his followers with Adolf Hitler's. This almost doubled the number of people in the Nazi Party. It also made Hitler grateful to Streicher for the rest of his life. 

Streicher took part in the Munich Beer Hall Putsch in 1923. That same year, he started the racist newspaper "Der Stürmer". He was also the paper's editor. Streicher used the newspaper to stir up a deep hatred of everything and everyone Jewish. At its most popular, in 1935, about 480,000 people read "Der Stürmer."

In the newspaper, Streicher argued that the Jews had helped cause the money problems Germany had during the 1920s. These problems included unemployment, inflation, and economic depression (not having enough money going through the economy). He claimed that Jews made white people into slaves, and were responsible for over 90 percent of the prostitutes in Germany.
After the Nazi Party was re-founded, Streicher became Gauleiter (district leader) of Franconia. After 1933, he practically ruled the city of Nuremberg. He was nicknamed "King of Nuremberg" and the "Beast of Franconia." 

In 1940, Nazi leaders took away all of Streicher's jobs and power in the Nazi Party. They did this because:

However, Streicher stayed on good terms with Adolf Hitler until Hitler killed himself on April 30, 1945. 

On May 7, Germany surrendered, ending the war in Europe. Two weeks later, on May 23, Streicher was captured by the Americans. Just days before he was arrested, he married his former secretary, Adele Tappe. His first wife, Kunigunde Streicher, had died in 1943 after 30 years of marriage. 

Julius Streicher was found guilty of crimes against humanity at the Nuremberg War Crimes Trial. He was sentenced to death on October 1, 1946.

Streicher was not a member of the military during World War II. He also was not part of planning the Holocaust, the invasion of Poland, or the Soviet invasion. But because he encouraged so much support for the hatred and extermination of Jews, the prosecutors decided to try him for crimes against humanity.

Streicher's last words on October 16, 1946, were "Heil Hitler," and "The Bolsheviks will hang you one day!" He is also reported to have cried out "Purim Fest 1946!" He thought that Jews would start a new holiday on the date that he and his fellow Nazis were hanged, just as they had started Purim to mark the execution of Haman.

Streicher's execution did not go as planned. Most eyewitnesses say that he died by slow strangulation rather than by a quick broken neck. This happened to other Nazis too. It happened because of the type of hanging used at Nuremberg. The executioner may have eventually had to kill Streicher, who was still groaning and swinging on the rope some time after he was hanged.



Bremgarten, Aargau

Bremgarten is a municipality in Aargau in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2014 the former municipality of Hermetschwil-Staffeln merged into the municipality of Bremgarten.


Zetzwil

Zetzwil is a municipality in Kulm in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Zeiningen

Zeiningen is a municipality of the district of Rheinfelden in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Zeihen

Zeihen is a municipality of the district of Laufenburg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Mihimaru GT

mihimaru GT is a J-pop band started by Hiroko Akutsu and Mitsuyuki Miyake. 


Brittnau

Brittnau is a municipality in Zofingen in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Brugg (disambiguation)

These are municipalities and places that have the name Brugg or Brügg:


Brugg

Brugg is a city in the Swiss canton of Aargau. It is the capital of the district of Brugg.

Since 2010, Umiken has been part of the city. On 1 January 2020 the municipality of Schinznach-Bad merged into Brugg.


Brunegg

Brunegg is a municipality of the district Lenzburg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Buchs, Aargau

Buchs is a municipality of the district Aarau of the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Bünzen, Aargau

Bünzen is a municipality of the district Muri in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Burg, Aargau

Burg is a municipality of the district Kulm in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Büttikon

Büttikon is a municipality of the district Bremgarten in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Buttwil

Buttwil is a municipality of the district Muri in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

The village is west of Muri.

Densbüren

Densbüren is a municipality of the district Aarau of the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.


Dietwil

Dietwil is a municipality of Muri district in Aargau canton in Switzerland.


Dintikon

Dintikon is a municipality of the district Lenzburg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Sabaneta, Dominican Republic

San Ignacio de Sabaneta is a city and municipality in northwestern Dominican Republic. It is the main city of the Santiago Rodríguez province. It is usually called only "Sabaneta" or "Santiago Rodríguez".

The town was founded in 1844 by Santiago Rodríguez and others in a small savanna ("Sabaneta" means a "small savanna") north of the Cordillera Central mountain range. In 1854, the town was elevated to the category "Military Post" and in 1858 it became a municipality of the Santiago province.

"San Ignacio de Sabaneta" was the centre of the fight against the Spanish soldiers during the first period of the Restoration War (1863-1865).

When in 1879 Monte Cristi became a province, San Ignacio de Sabaneta was made a municipality of that new province. When the new province of Santiago Rodríguez was created in 1948, San Ignacio de Sabaneta was made the head municipality of the province.

The city had, in , a total population of 34,540: 17,935 men and 16,605 women. The urban population was of the total population.

San Ignacio de Sabaneta is on the northern side of the "Cordillera Central" ("Central mountain range") and has a total area of , about of the total area of the province of Santiago Rodríguez. The city is an elevation of , and at to the northwest of Santo Domingo.

It does not have any municipal district (a municipal district is a subdivision of a municipality).

The municipality of San Ignacio de Sabaneta has the Monte Cristi province to the north, the municipality of Monción to the northwest, the Santiago province to the west, the San Juan province to the southeast, the Elías Piña province to the south and the municipality of Villa Los Almácigos and the Dajabón province to the west.

San Ignacio de Sabaneta has a tropical wet and dry/savanna climate (Köppen-Geiger classification: Aw) with a pronounced dry season in winter.

The average amount of rainfall for the year in the city is . The month with the most precipitation on average is May with of rainfall, followed by October with .

The driest season is winter. The month with the least rainfall on average is January with an average of and the second is December with .

San Ignacio de Sabaneta is in a warm region; the average temperature for the year is . The warmest month, on average, is August with an average temperature of . The coolest month on average is January, with an average temperature of .

The main economic activity of the municipality is farming: tobacco and cattle raising for milk.

Dottikon

Dottikon is a municipality in Bremgarten in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Döttingen, Aargau

Döttingen is a municipality of the district Zurzach in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Dürrenäsch

Dürrenäsch is a municipality in Kulm in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Effingen

Effingen was a municipality of the district Brugg in canton of Aargau in Switzerland. On 1 January 2022, the former municipalities of Bözen, Effingen, Elfingen and Hornussen merged to form the new municipality of Böztal.

Eggenwil

Eggenwil is a municipality of the district Bremgarten in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Egliswil

Egliswil is a municipality of the district Lenzburg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Eiken, Aargau

Eiken is a municipality in Laufenburg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Elfingen

Elfingen was a municipality of the district Brugg in canton of Aargau in Switzerland. On 1 January 2022, the former municipalities of Bözen, Effingen, Elfingen and Hornussen merged to form the new municipality of Böztal.

Sarnen

Sarnen is the capital of the canton of Obwalden in Switzerland.


Kerns

Kerns is a municipality of the canton of Obwalden in Switzerland.


Sachseln

Sachseln is a municipality of the canton of Obwalden in Switzerland.


Alpnach

Alpnach is a municipality of the canton of Obwalden in Switzerland. 


Giswil

Giswil is a municipality of the canton of Obwalden in Switzerland. 


Lungern

Lungern is a municipality of the canton of Obwalden in Switzerland. 


Engelberg

Engelberg is a municipality of the canton of Obwalden in Switzerland. 


121 Hermione

121 Hermione is a very big asteroid of the dark C spectral type, orbiting in the Cybele group in the farther part of the main belt. As a C-type, it is probably made of carbonate.

Hermione was found by J. C. Watson on May 12, 1872, and named after Hermione, daughter of Menelaus and Helen in Greek mythology. Hermione is a Cybele asteroid and orbits beyond most of the main belt asteroids.

The asteroid has an odd shape, as evidenced by adaptive optics images, the first of which were taken in December 2003, with the Keck telescope. Of many proposed shape models that agreed with the images, a "snowman"-like shape was found to best fit the seen precession rate of Hermione's moon.

Observation of the moon's orbit has made possible a correct determination of Hermione's mass. For the best-fit "snowman" model, the density is found to be 1.8 ± 0.2 g/cm³. This gives a porosity of the order of 20%. This could be because the main asteroids are fractured solid bodies, but not a rubble pile (an asteroid that has been broken up by a collision and pulled back together by gravity).

Occultations by Hermione have been successfully seen three times so far, the last time in February 2004.

A moon of Hermione was found in 2002 with the Keck II telescope. The moon is currently called S/2002 (121) 1. It has not yet been officially named, but the name "LaFayette" has been suggested by a group of astronomers. This is after the ship used in secret by the Marquis de Lafayette to reach America to help the Americans during the American Revolutionary War.


Hermione

Hermione can mean different things:

In names:


In literature:

In other uses:

Endingen, Switzerland

Endingen is a municipality of the district Zurzach in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2014, the former municipality of Unterendingen merged into the municipality of Endingen.

Ennetbaden

Ennetbaden is a municipality of the district Baden in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Ray Toro

Raymond Toro, born on July 15, 1977 in Kearny, New Jersey. Toro is the lead guitarist and one of two backup vocalists for My Chemical Romance. He plays Gibson Les Paul guitars with Seymour Duncan pickups through Marshall amplifiers. He helped form the band in 2001 after reconnecting with frontman Gerard Way and drummer Matt Pelissier.

When he was younger he enjoyed the music of Queen, Metallica, Megadeth, and Slayer and he cites Brian May and Randy Rhoads as large influences on his playing. Toro has said that he grew up listening to his brothers rock albums and has always wanted to play the drums, though he sticks to guitar with My Chemical Romance.

On April,13 2011, #SINGItForJapan was released as an effort to raise money for Japan after the tsunami. This project was started when Toro was inspired by kind words from their fans, and he went on to arrange much of the instruments to create a sound that closely emulated traditional Japanese music.


Belleville, New Jersey

Belleville is a Township in Essex County, New Jersey, United States. As of the United States 2020 Census, the township population was 38,222.


Kearny, New Jersey

Kearny (pronounced ) is a town in Hudson County, New Jersey, United States. It was named after Civil War general Philip Kearny. As of the United States 2020 Census, the town population was 41,999.


Frank Iero

Frank Anthony Thomas "Frank" Iero, Jr. (born October 31, 1981) is the youngest member of the band My Chemical Romance. He was born in Belleville, New Jersey and attended Queen of Peace High School in North Arlington. He attended Rutgers University on scholarship but then dropped out for the band after he felt they were beginning to get somewhere. Iero is a rhythm guitarist and is one of the two backup vocalists for the 
alternative rock band My Chemical Romance. He was also in other bands such as Leathermouth, Pencey Prep, Death Spells, Frank Iero and the Celebration, Frank Iero and the Patience, and Frank Iero and the Future Violents.

Mikey Way

Michael James Way (born September 10, 1980) is an American musician. He is the bass guitarist for the punk band; My Chemical Romance. Way is the younger brother of the band's singer, Gerard Way. He's from Belleville, New Jersey. Way grew up with his brother Gerard and their parents Donald and Donna Way (nee Rush).

Mikey Way joined My Chemical Romance in 2001. The other members of the band were his older brother and singer, Gerard Way, drummer Matt Pelissier, and lead guitarist Ray Toro. He is most notable for giving the band its name from an Irvine Welsh novel he read while working at a Barnes and Noble. The novel was "Ecstasy: Three Tales of Chemical Romance." 
After several weeks on their first tour, Mikey left college to play with the band full time. He has always been a main member of My Chemical Romance, but he left the band for a short time in early 2007. This was shortly after his marriage to Alicia Simmons. He was replaced by Matt Cortez on that tour. He rejoined the band later that year. Way was with the band for the rest of the time, until the band broke up on March 22, 2013, but as of October 31, 2019, he is in the band as of the reunion

Way has performed on all five of the band's studio albums.


ENIAC

ENIAC (which meant "Electronic Numerical Integrator And Computer") was a computer built between 1943 and 1946. It was designed by two people called John Mauchly and J. Presper Eckert. The machine was built out of nearly 17,500 vacuum tubes, 7,200 diodes and many miles of wire. It took up of space, which is the size of a large room.
The history of computers is complex, and many machines have been identified as the "first computer". ENIAC's claim is based on the fact that it was more programmable than previous ones.

Because the computer was built out of vacuum tubes, it often broke. This meant that someone had to find the failed tube (which was "not" an easy job), take the bad tube out and put a working tube in.

Making programs for the computer was difficult. Making the computer ready for one single program could take many days or even weeks. This was because the programming had to be done by pulling wires from one place to another. This was not hard for small programs, but if a large program was wanted, it was very hard work. Programming by pulling wires was used until 1948, when a special type of memory was added (called Read Only Memory (ROM), because the computer could read it but not write it). After that, programming was done by using switches, which only took hours instead of days.

The ENIAC was first designed to print firing tables for U.S. Army artillery, but the war ended before the machine was completed. Instead, its first real job (not test) was to calculate how neutrons would go through various materials. This was needed in making a hydrogen bomb. ENIAC took 70 hours to work out pi to 2000 decimal places. A modern PC with a CPU of the size of 2x2 cm is much faster than ENIAC, which used up a whole room of space. For an example, a modern PC can work out a million (1,000,000) decimal places of pi in about ten seconds.

ENIAC was shut down forever on October 2, 1955. Now, only about 10 panels of the 40 exist. Although the original is shut down, programs written for the ENIAC can still be run on a modern computer using an emulator.

National Democratic Party of Germany

The National Democratic Party () is a far-right political party in Germany. It is usually just called the NPD.
It was formed after the Deutsche Reichspartei dissolved in 1964.

It is not the same as the old Hessian Nationaldemokratischen Partei. That was one of the parties which joined to form the Deutsche Reichspartei in 1949.

The German government tried to get the NPD banned in 2003, but the Bundesverfassungsgericht threw the case out when some of the leaders of the party turned out to be agents or informers of German security services, including the Bundesamt für Verfassungsschutz, the "Federal Office for the Protection of the Constitution", which still lists the NPD as a dangerous organisation because its policies are a threat to the peace and stability of Germany and the constitution. The NPD is also referred to as being Neo-Nazi, as it openly opposes Turks, blacks, gays and Jews.

Austral thrush

Austral thrush ("Turdus falcklandii") is a common bird found in southern South America. It has a brown head. Its breast is gray-yellow. Its beak is solid and yellow. It has dark brown eyes with yellow eyebrows.
It has a hard voice


130 Elektra

130 Elektra is a very big farther main belt asteroid. It was found by C. H. F. Peters on February 17, 1873 and named after Electra, an avenger in Greek mythology.

Its spectrum is of the G type, so it is probably made up like Ceres. Spectral signatures of organic compounds have been seen on Elektra's surface 

Recent optical sightings have found a moon (see below). Using its orbit, Elektra's mass can be found more correctly. The value of 1.3 kg indicates an unusually high density (for asteroids) of 3.8 ± 0.3 g/cm³. Optical sightings have also determined that Elektra's shape is quite non-spherical, as well as giving indications of albedo differences of 5-15% on its surface.

In 2003, a small moon of Elektra was detected using the Keck II telescope. The diameter of the moon is 4 km and it orbits at a distance of about 1170 km. The moon has been given the provisional designation S/2003 (130) 1. Due to only a few sightings to date, its orbit is still not well known 


Absinthe

Absinthe is a distilled highly alcoholic drink. It is 45–74% alcohol by volume / 90–148 U.S. proof) beverage. It is an anise-flavoured spirit won from herbs. The herbs including the flowers and leaves of "Artemisia absinthium" ("grand wormwood"), together with green anise, sweet fennel.

Absinthe has a natural green colour but may also be colourless. It is commonly referred to in historical literature as """" (the green fairy). It is not a liqueur, because it is not traditionally bottled with added sugar; therefore it is a spirit. 

Absinthe is bottled at a high level of alcohol, but it is usually diluted with water before it is drunk.
Absinthe came from Val-de-Travers, Switzerland. It was very popular in late 19th and early 20th century France. Parisian artists and writers drank it. The romantic associations with the drink still lingers in popular culture. At the end of 1900 the French were drinking over 2 million litres of absinthe a year. By 1910 this had increased to 36 million litres. Ernest Hemingway, James Joyce, Charles Baudelaire, Paul Verlaine, Arthur Rimbaud, Henri de Toulouse-Lautrec, Amedeo Modigliani, Pablo Picasso, Vincent van Gogh, Oscar Wilde, Aleister Crowley, Erik Satie and Alfred Jarry were all known absinthe drinkers.

Absinthe has often been thought a dangerous addictive psychoactive drug and hallucinogen. The chemical compound thujone, although present in the spirit in only trace amounts, was blamed for its alleged harmful effects. By 1915, absinthe had been banned in the United States and in much of Europe, including France, the Netherlands, Belgium, Switzerland and Austria-Hungary. 

However, it has not been shown to be any more dangerous than ordinary spirits. Recent studies have shown that absinthe's psychoactive effects (apart from the alcohol) have been exaggerated. A revival of absinthe began in the 1990s, after modern European Union food and beverage laws removed barriers to its production and sale. By the early 21st century, nearly 200 brands of absinthe were being produced in a dozen countries, most notably in France, Switzerland, Australia, Spain, and the Czech Republic.

The precise origin of absinthe is unknown. Wormwood has been in medical use since 1500 BC. In 1797, Henry-Louis Pernod, opened the first absinthe distillery, called "Dubied Père et Fils", in Couvet. In 1805 Pernod built a second distillery in Pontarlier, France,

Absinthe's popularity grew slowly. In the 1840s absinthe was given to French soldiers as a malaria treatment. When the troops returned home, they started to drink absinthe with water. It became popular at bars and bistros. After the 1860s absinthe had become so popular that it was for sale in most cafés and cabarets. By the 1880s the price had dropped a lot, the market got bigger, and absinthe soon became "the" drink of France. By 1910 the French were drinking 36 million litres of absinthe per year. 

Absinthe was often linked with violent crimes supposedly committed under its influence. Combined with hard liquor use and the low price, absinthe became a social problem in France. Wine makers groups often publicized problems with absinthe. Journalists blamed absinthe for many social problems.

In 1900 absinthe was banned in Switzerland. The banning of absinthe was even written into the constitution in 1907, following a popular initiative. The Netherlands banned absinthe in 1909, followed by the United States in 1912 and France in 1915. Around the same time, Australia banned the liquor too. After the absinthe prohibition, wine and whiskey makers had a big increase in sales.

In the 1990s an importer discovered that there was no UK law banning the sale of absinthe. It had never been banned in the UK. Hill's Liquere, a Czech Republic distillery founded in 1920, began manufacturing Hill's Absinth. This was a Bohemian-style absinthe, which started a rebirth in absinthe's popularity.

It has never been banned in Spain or Portugal, where it continues to be made. France never changed the law of 1915. In 1988 a new law was passed. This bans only drinks that call themselves 'absinthe' and drinks that do not meet with European Union laws on thujone. Thujone is the chemical which was thought to cause the hallucinatory (bad dream) effect of absinthe.

In the Netherlands, the old law banning absinthe was successfully challenged by the Amsterdam wine seller Menno Boorsma. In July 2004 it became legal to make absinthe again.

In Switzerland, the constitutional ban on absinthe was removed in 2000 during an overhaul of the national constitution. The ban was written into ordinary law instead. Absinthe is now not only sold in Switzerland, but is once again distilled in its Val-de-Travers birthplace.

In the United States the laws banning absinthe are hard to understand. In some states it is legal have a bottle of absinthe, but not to buy or to produce it. The export and import of absinthe is probably illegal.

Traditionally, absinthe is put into a glass. A sugar cube is then placed in the bowl of a special spoon. Ice-cold water is poured or dripped over the sugar until the drink is diluted. During this process, the parts that are not soluble in water make the liquid cloudy. The resulting milky opalescence is called the "louche".

The main herbs used to produce absinthe are green anise, florence fennel and grande wormwood, often called the 'holy trinity'. Many other herbs may be used as well, such as hyssop, melissa, star anise, petite wormwood ("Artemisia pontica" or Roman wormwood), angelica root, Sweet Flag, dittany leaves, coriander, veronica, juniper, nutmeg, and various mountain herbs.

The herbs are first soaked, a step called "maceration". Heat is added in the process of distillation which extracts a pure liquid. Wormwood, anise, and Florence fennel produce a colorless liquid or distillate that is about 72% alcohol. The distillate can be bottled clear, to produce a "Blanche" or "la Bleue" absinthe. A second step can add color to the liquid using artificial or natural coloring. 


Ernst Reuter

Ernst Rudolf Johannes Reuter (29 July 1889 - 29 September 1953) was a German politician.

Reuter was born in the small Prussian town of Apenrade (today Aabenraa in Denmark).

After getting his abitur in 1907 at the Gymnasium in Leer (East Frisia) he went to Marburg to study philosophy and social sciences. In 1909 he moved to the university in Munich. In Munich he first came in touch with the ideas of socialism. He returned to Marburg in the autumn of 1910 and in 1912 took the state examination there.

Ernst Reuter then worked as a private tutor in Bielefeld. He joined the Social Democratic Party in Bielefeld, but soon went to the SPD party executive to Berlin where he worked in the central education committee.

Reuter did not believe in war. He founded the pacifist, group "Neues Vaterland" .

In 1916 Reuter was ordered into the imperial army. He was a courier on the eastern front. He was seriously wounded and became a Russian prisoner. He studied Russian in the prison camp, followed the Bolsheviks, and was appointed People's Commissar in the Volga German Republic in December 1917.

But Reuter returned to Germany in November 1918. He joined the Communist Party (KPD) and became First Secretary of the Berlin city party in 1920. The KPD expelled him in January 1922, and later that year Reuter returned to SPD.

In 1926, after having been editor of the SPD newspaper "Vorwärts" ("Forwards"), he started working for the Berlin Transport Department. Reuter oversaw the creation of the "Berliner Verkehrs-Aktien-Gesellschaft" (BVG) in 1928. The BVG was a merger of all of the underground, tram, and bus companies in the city. At the time the BVG was the largest public transport company in the world. It still operates today, as part of the Berlin-Brandenburg Transport Group.

Reuter was mayor of Magdeburg from 1931 up to the take-over by the National Socialists; he belonged to the SPD parliamentary group in the Reichstag at the same time. After being arrested several times Ernst Reuter was freed from a concentration camp after help from English friends. He moved to live in the Netherlands, then Great Britain and Turkey. He worked as an adviser for the Turkish government in traffic matters. In 1938 he became a professor for urban development and town planning at the Administration Academy in Ankara.

Ernst Reuter returned to Berlin in November 1946 and became head of the city's traffic department again.

The Soviet veto stopped Reuter from becoming mayor in June 1947. But he played on a central role also under the acting Mayor Louise Schröder.

The elections set for 5 December 1948 could only take place in the western sectors. The SPD gained almost two-thirds of the votes so they were the strongest party. On 7 December the old city council met once again and elected Ernst Reuter as mayor. This choice was confirmed by the new parliament on 14 January 1949. Although the SPD lost about 20 per cent of the votes in the elections on 3 December 1950, Ernst Reuter remained in the office. The vote in parliament between Reuter and the CDU candidate Walther Schreiber had ended with a stalemate. Schreiber withdrew in favour of Reuter who took the new official title of Regierender Bürgermeister, at the head an all-party coalition with the from SPD, CDU and FDP.

Ernst Reuter stayed in charge of Berlin for another two years and eight months. He died of a heart attack in Berlin.

Würenlos

Würenlos is a municipality of the district of Baden in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.


Würenlingen

Würenlingen is a municipality of the district of Baden in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.


Wölflinswil

Wölflinswil is a municipality of the district of Laufenburg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Wohlenschwil

Wohlenschwil is a municipality in Baden in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Wohlen, Aargau

Wohlen is a municipality of the district of Bremgarten in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Wittnau, Aargau

Wittnau is a municipality of the district of Laufenburg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Wislikofen

Wislikofen was a municipality of the district of Zurzach in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland. On 1 January 2022, the former municipalities of Bad Zurzach, Baldingen, Böbikon, Kaiserstuhl, Rekingen, Rietheim, Rümikon and Wislikofen merged to form the new municipality of Zurzach.

Windisch

Windisch is a municipality of the district of Brugg in the canton (or state) of Aargau in the country Switzerland. In 2014, about 7,143 people lived in Windisch. Home of the Swiss railway archives.


Wiliberg

Wiliberg is a municipality of the district of Zofingen in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Wettingen

Wettingen is a municipality in Baden in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Wegenstetten

Wegenstetten is a municipality of the district of Rheinfelden in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Waltenschwil

Waltenschwil is a municipality of the district of Muri in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Wallbach, Aargau

Wallbach is a municipality of the district of Rheinfelden in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.


Vordemwald

Vordemwald is a municipality of the district of Zofingen in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Villnachern

Villnachern is a municipality of the district of Brugg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Villmergen

Villmergen is a municipality of the district of Bremgarten in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Since 2010, Hilfikon is part of the municipality.

Villigen

Villigen is a municipality of the district of Brugg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Since 2006, Stilli has been part of the municipality.


Veltheim, Aargau

Veltheim is a municipality of the district of Brugg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Untersiggenthal

Untersiggenthal is a municipality of the district of Baden in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Unterlunkhofen

Unterlunkhofen is a municipality of the district of Bremgarten in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.


Unterkulm

Unterkulm is a municipality of the district of Kulm in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.


Unterentfelden

Unterentfelden is a municipality of the district of Aarau of the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Unterbözberg

Unterbözberg was a municipality of the district of Brugg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2013, the former municipalities of Unterbözberg, Gallenkirch, Linn and Oberbözberg merged into the new municipality of Bözberg.

Umiken

Umiken was a municipality of the district of Brugg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Since 2010, it is part of the city of Brugg.

Uezwil

Uezwil is a municipality of the district of Bremgarten in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland. 

Uerkheim

Uerkheim is a municipality of the district of Zofingen in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Ueken

Ueken is a municipality of the district of Laufenburg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.


Turgi

Turgi is a municipality in Baden in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland. In 2002, Turgi got the Wakker Prize for saving its historical buildings. 

Thalheim, Aargau

Thalheim is a municipality of the district of Brugg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Teufenthal

Teufenthal is a municipality of the district of Kulm in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Tegerfelden

Tegerfelden is a municipality of the district of Zurzach in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Tägerig

Tägerig is a municipality of the district of Bremgarten in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Suhr, Aargau

Suhr is a municipality of the district of Aarau of the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.


Strengelbach

Strengelbach is a municipality of the district of Zofingen in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Stilli

Stilli is a former municipality of the canton of Aargau, Switzerland. Since 2006, it is part of the municipality of Villigen.


Stetten, Aargau

Stetten is a municipality of the district of Baden in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Stein, Aargau

Stein is a municipality of the district of Rheinfelden in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Staufen, Aargau

Staufen is a municipality of the district of Lenzburg in the canton of Aargau in the country of Switzerland.

Staffelbach

Staffelbach is a municipality of the district of Zofingen in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Sisseln

Sisseln is a municipality of the district of Laufenburg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.


Sins, Aargau

Sins is a municipality of the district of Muri in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Wil (disambiguation)

Wil or WIL could mean:




Wil, Aargau

Wil was a municipality of the district of Laufenburg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2010, the former municipalities of Wil, Etzgen, Hottwil, Mettau and Oberhofen merged into the new municipality of Mettauertal.

Widen

Widen is a municipality of the district of Bremgarten in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Sulz

Sulz is the name for several concepts:









Sulz, Aargau

Sulz was a municipality, in the municipality of Laufenburg and district of Laufenburg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Spreitenbach

Spreitenbach is a municipality in Baden in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.


Canton of Zug

The Canton of Zug is one of the 26 cantons of Switzerland. It is in central Switzerland and its capital is Zug. With 239 km² in area, the canton is one of the smallest of the cantons. It does not contain any districts as there are not enough municipalities to warrant any districts.

The canton of Zug is in central Switzerland. The canton of Lucerne and Canton of Aargau lie to its west. To the north is the Canton of Zürich; to the west and south is the Canton of Schwyz. The canton has two lakes inside of it, both of which make up a large part of the canton's area. They are the lakes of Zug and Ägeri. 

The eleven municipalities of the canton are: 


Lake Zug

The Lake Zug (German: "Zugersee") is one of the lesser known Swiss lakes, on the outskirts of the Alps and north of Lake Lucerne. It is fed by the Aa, which descends from the Rigi and enters the south end of the lake. The Lorze feeds the lake at the northern shore.

For the most part, the lake is in the Canton of Zug, but the southern end is up to 10 km in the canton of Schwyz, while the Canton of Lucerne stretches over a 2 km area by the Immensee. 

At its northern end the shores are nearly level, while on the west shore the wooded promontory of Buonas (with its castles, old and new) projects picturesquely into the waters. The principal place on the lake is the town of Zug. Three railways follow the shore of the lake, one from Zürich via Zug and Arth-Goldau to the St Gotthard, one from Lucerne via Arth-Goldau to the St Gotthard and one from Zürich via Zug to Lucerne.

Many fish (including pike and carp of considerable weights) are taken from the lake, which is especially famous for an endemic kind of trout ("Salmo salvelinus", locally called "Rolheli"). Because of farming runoff, it is not one of Switzerland's cleanest lakes.


In 1911, a railway was built around the lake.

The first steamer was placed on the lake in 1852.


Ardon

Ardon can mean:

Ardon, Switzerland

Ardon is a municipality of the district of Conthey in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.

Chamoson

Chamoson is a municipality of the district of Conthey in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.


Nendaz

Nendaz is a municipality of the district of Conthey in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.

Vétroz

Vétroz is a municipality of the district of Conthey in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.

Erlinsbach

Erlinsbach is the name of two municipalities in Switzerland:


Erlinsbach, Aargau

Erlinsbach is a municipality of the district Aarau of the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Etzgen

Etzgen was a municipality of the district Laufenburg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland. On 1 January 2010, the former municipalities of Etzgen, Hottwil, Mettau, Oberhofen AG and Wil AG merged into the new municipality of Mettauertal.

Fahrwangen

Fahrwangen is a municipality of the district Lenzburg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Fischbach-Göslikon

Fischbach-Göslikon is a municipality of the district Bremgarten in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Fisibach

Fisibach is a municipality of the district Zurzach in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Fislisbach

Fislisbach is a municipality of the district Baden in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Freienwil

Freienwil is a municipality of the district Baden in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Frick, Aargau

Frick is a municipality of the district Laufenburg in the canton of Aargau in the country of Switzerland.


Full-Reuenthal

Full-Reuenthal is a municipality of the district Zurzach in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Gallenkirch

Gallenkirch was a municipality of the district Brugg in canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

It has a middle school, but the district school is in Brugg

On 1 January 2013, the former municipalities of Gallenkirch, Linn, Oberbözberg and Unterbözberg merged into the new municipality of Bözberg.


Gansingen

Gansingen is a municipality of the district Laufenburg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Gebenstorf

Gebenstorf is a municipality of the district Baden in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Geltwil

Geltwil is a municipality of the district Muri in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Gipf-Oberfrick

Gipf-Oberfrick is a municipality of the district Laufenburg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Gontenschwil

Gontenschwil is a municipality in Kulm in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Gränichen

Gränichen is a municipality of the district of Aarau of the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.


Habsburg, Switzerland

Habsburg is a municipality of the district of Brugg in canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

It is the ancestral place of the House of Habsburg.


Hägglingen

Hägglingen is a municipality in Bremgarten in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Hallwil

Hallwil is a municipality of the district of Lenzburg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Hausen bei Brugg

Hausen bei Brugg is a municipality of the district of Brugg in canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Hellikon

Hellikon is a municipality of the district of Rheinfelden in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.


Hendschiken

Hendschiken is a municipality of the district of Lenzburg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

2007 Zoé's Ark controversy

The Chadian orphan children scandal was about six French citizens from the aid group L'Arche de Zoe. On October 26, 2007, they were about to fly 103 Sudanese children to France from Chad. Chadian authorities claimed that the children were not orphans from Darfur in Sudan, but children from Chad with parents still alive. For that reason, the six workers were arrested in an airport on October 26, 2007. On December 21, they stood trial for kidnapping of 103 children. Chad's interior minister, Ahmat Bachir, said that the French suspects could face up to 20 years of hard labour in a Chad prison if they are convicted. The six suspects started a hunger strike in protest against the Chad court and the charges brought against them. On December 26, 2007, the six French aid workers were sentenced to eight years with hard labour in prison by a court in Chad. The French prime minister promised to talk with the Chadian government to try to bring the six aid workers back to France. In that case, they would have to serve their eight-year prison sentence in France.


AAA: Attack All Around

AAA (Triple A) is a Japanese music group. The group was formed in 2005, and were awarded a new face award in the same year. They are signed to "avex trax". 
The group members were Takahiro Nisijima, Naoya Urata, Misako Uno, Mituhiro Hidaka, Shinjiro Atae, Shuta Sueyoshi and Chiaki Ito.
They play an active role in J-pop. 

ALI PROJECT

ALI PROJECT is a Japanese musical group. The members of this group are Arika Takarano and Mikiya Katakura. They play an active role in Japanese animation. 

Benny Goodman

Benny Goodman, born Benjamin David Goodman, (May 30, 1909 – June 13, 1986) was an American jazz musician who played the clarinet. He was called "The King of Swing", "Patriarch of the Clarinet", "The Professor", and "Swing's Senior Statesman".

Goodman was the son of poor Jewish immigrants in Chicago, Illinois. They lived in Chicago's Maxwell Street neighborhood. He learned to play clarinet in a boys' band run by a charity. He became a strong clarinet player at an early age, and began playing professionally in bands while still wearing 'in short pants'.

His early influences were New Orleans jazz clarinet players in Chicago such as Johnny Dodds, Leon Ropollo, and Jimmy Noone.

Goodman joined one of Chicago's top bands, the Ben Pollack Orchestra, at the age of 16, He made his first recordings with them in 1926. He started making records under his own name two years later.

Goodman left for New York City. He became a good session musician during the late 1920s and early 1930s. He was known as a solid player because he was prepared and reliable. He played with the nationally known bands of Red Nichols, Isham Jones, and Ted Lewis. Then he formed his own band in 1932.

In 1934, he tried out for the "Let's Dance" radio program. Since he needed new charts every week for the show, his friend John Hammond suggested that he buy some jazz charts from Fletcher Henderson, who had New York's most popular African-American band in the 1920s and early 1930s. The combination of the Henderson charts, his strong clarinet playing, and his band that practiced well made him a rising star in the mid-30s.

He performed at the Palomar Ballroom in Los Angeles on August 21, 1935. Because of this show, he became known across the United States His radio broadcasts from New York were too late at night for many people on the East Coast to hear them, but Goodman had many fans in California, and a very excited crowd greeted Goodman. This got a lot of attention across the nation, and made the Goodman Band popular very fast. Some writers have said that this was the start of the Swing Era.

Goodman continued his fast rise throughout the late 1930s with his big band, his trio and quartet, and a sextet. On January 16, 1938, his band made a famous appearance at Carnegie Hall. By the mid-1940s, big bands became less popular. Some reasons for this are that talented musicians were entering the military or getting better-paying factory jobs, gasoline and rubber rationing during WWII, two long musician recording strikes, and the rise of popular singers like Frank Sinatra.

Goodman continued to play on records and in small groups. He would sometimes organize a new band and play in a jazz festival, or go on a tour, playing in other countries. He continued to play the clarinet until he died in 1986 in New York City.

Goodman also helped racial integration in America. In the early 1930s, black and white jazz musicians could not play together in most clubs or concerts. In the Southern states, racial segregation was enforced by law. Benny Goodman broke with tradition by hiring Teddy Wilson to play with him and drummer Gene Krupa in the Benny Goodman Trio. In 1936, he added Lionel Hampton on vibes to form the Benny Goodman Quartet. Goodman was so famous that his band could afford to not go on tour in the southern states, where the people in his band might have been arrested because of their race.

Masafumi Akikawa

Masafumi Akikawa is a Japanese tenor singer. He was born October 11, 1967, in Ehime, Japan. His representative work is "Sen no kaze ni natte", this song was sung in annual NHK sponsored year-end men versus women singing contest in 2006.

Artie Shaw

Artie Shaw (May 23, 1910 – December 30, 2004) was an American musician. He is considered to be one of the best jazz musicians of his time. He was a jazz clarinet player, composer, and bandleader. He also wrote both fiction and non-fiction writings.

He was born Arthur Jacob Arshawsky in New York, New York. He began learning the saxophone when he was 15. By age 16 he began to tour with a band. He returned to New York City and became a session musician. During the Swing Era, his big bands were very popular with hits like "Begin the Beguine" and "Stardust".

During World War II he joined the U.S. Navy. He served in the Pacific theater as the leader of a service band (similar to Glenn Miller's wartime band in Europe). 

In 1953, Shaw was brought up before the House Un-American Activities Committee for his leftist activities. The committee was investigating a peace activist organization, the World Peace Congress, which it considered a communist front.

Throughout his musical career, Shaw would take time off. He would quit the music business and pursue his writing career. In 1955, Shaw stopped playing the clarinet. After that, he focused on writing, especially semi-biographical fiction.

In 1981, he organized a new Artie Shaw Band with clarinetist Dick Johnson as bandleader and soloist. Shaw himself would guest conduct from time to time, ending his self-imposed retirement.

In 1991, Artie Shaw's band library and manuscript collection was donated to the University of Arizona. In 2004, he was presented with a Grammy Lifetime Achievement Award.

Shaw was married eight times: Jane Cairns (1932); Margaret Allen (1934-37); Lana Turner (1940); Betty Kern (1941-43), daughter of songwriter Jerome Kern; Ava Gardner (1945-46); "Forever Amber" author Kathleen Winsor (1946-48); Doris Dowling (1952-56) and Evelyn Keyes (1957-85). He had two sons by Kern and Dowling.

In his later years, Shaw lived and wrote in the Newbury Park section of Thousand Oaks, California. Shaw had adult onset diabetes. In December 2004, he died due to the disease at age 94.

Edward R. Murrow

Edward R. "Ed" Murrow (April 25, 1908 – April 27, 1965) was a
American journalist and television and radio figure. He first became known for a series of radio news broadcasts during World War II. These broadcasts were followed by millions of listeners in the United States and Canada. Many historians think he was one of journalism's greatest figures. Murrow hired the best war correspondents. He was known for his honesty and integrity in delivering the news. He was a pioneer of television news broadcasting. 

Murrow produced a series of TV news reports that helped lead to the censure of Senator Joseph McCarthy. He was portrayed by David Strathairn in the 2005 movie "Good Night, and Good Luck."

Good Night, and Good Luck

Good Night, and Good Luck. is an Academy Award-nominated American 2005 movie directed by George Clooney. It was written by Clooney and Grant Heslov and is set in 1953. It portrays the conflict between veteran radio and television journalist Edward R. Murrow and U.S. Senator Joseph McCarthy of Wisconsin, especially relating to the Senator's actions with the Senate Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations.

The movie, although released in black and white, was filmed on color film stock but on a grayscale set. It was later color corrected to black and white during post-production. It is about media responsibility. It also addresses what occurs when the media offer a voice of dissent against the government. The movie takes its title from the line with which Murrow routinely closed his broadcasts.

Taglines: "They took on the government with nothing but the truth"; "We will not walk in fear of one another."

AnnaSophia Robb

AnnaSophia Robb (born December 8, 1993) is an American actress and model. The films in which she starred include "Because of Winn-Dixie" (2005), "Charlie and the Chocolate Factory" (2005), "Bridge to Terabithia" (2007), "Race to Witch Mountain" (2009), "Soul Surfer" (2011), and "The Way, Way Back" (2013). She also played the lead role of Carrie Bradshaw on The CW's series "The Carrie Diaries" from 2013 to 2014.

Robb was born in Denver, Colorado, the daughter of Janet, an interior designer, and David Robb, an architect. She was named after her maternal great-grandmother, Anna Sophie, and her paternal grandmother, Anna Marie. Robb is of Danish, English, Irish, Scottish, and Swedish descent. She grew up in a Christian home and was home-schooled. She started taking an interest in acting and began by performing in front of 500 individuals on her church stage. She competed in dance and gymnastics for four and a half years, but quit in order to focus on acting. In 2009, the "Arapahoe Herald" reported that she was attending Arapahoe High School in Centennial, Colorado. She graduated in 2012.

At age 9, she was scouted by an agent, and she and her mother drove down to Los Angeles. After several auditions, she was given the opportunity to appear in a commercial, advertising Bratz dolls that would be aired nationally. After appearing in a commercial for McDonald's, Robb had a small role in the episode, "Number One Fan" of the television series "Drake & Josh". Her first major role was the title character in the television special, "". She wore a long brown wig for the role.

Robb's two big-screen appearances in 2005 were both adaptations of popular children's books. She starred as Opal in "Because of Winn-Dixie" and as the competitive and rude Violet Beauregarde in Tim Burton's remake of "Charlie and the Chocolate Factory". The latter was a major box office success worldwide, and helped escalate Robb's popularity among pre-teen audiences.

In 2005, Robb was the face of Trad Clothing, helping to design and model a fashion line for girls. In 2006, she had a guest role on the cartoon show, "Danny Phantom" as the voice of Danielle "Dani" Fenton. Robb played Leslie Burke in "Bridge to Terabithia" with Josh Hutcherson, which opened in U.S. theaters on February 16, 2007. She recorded a song for the soundtrack titled, "Keep Your Mind Wide Open", and the accompanying video received rotation on the Disney Channel. The song peaked at No. 90 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 during the week of March 1, 2007, giving Robb her first charting single. Robb was a fan of the book before being cast in the role, saying that it "touched me in a way I hadn't been touched by a book before".

Robb went on to appear in "The Reaping", "Have Dreams, Will Travel", "Jumper", and "Spy School". Despite negative reviews of the film overall, Robb's performance in "Sleepwalking" garnered praise. "Time" film critic Richard Schickel said: "There is a wonderful range to Robb's work...this is extraordinarily mature acting from someone this young and she wins our sympathy without once begging for it." In 2008, she recorded the voice of Mary Magdalene in "The Word of Promise: Next Generation – New Testament: Dramatized Audio Bible". She also starred in "Race to Witch Mountain" (2009). In 2010, she appeared in "The Space Between". She then starred in "Soul Surfer", playing Bethany Hamilton, who continued to surf after losing her arm in a shark attack.

In May 2011, Robb was announced to star as Wendy in a new and dark take on the classic story about Peter Pan, tentatively titled, "Pan", but later dropped out of the project. It was reported on February 3, 2012, that Robb had landed a role in "Life at These Speeds". Later that month, Robb was cast as Carrie Bradshaw in The CW's "Sex and the City" prequel, "The Carrie Diaries", and appeared in the summer comedy, "The Way, Way Back".

In October 2013, Robb started filming for "Jekyll Island", starring alongside Frank Grillo, Ed Westwick, Dianna Agron, John Leguizamo, Minnie Driver, and Maggie Q. The film is directed by Aram Rappaport and produced by Hilary Shor, Atit Shah and Aaron Becker. "Jekyll Island" is set to release in 2017.

Robb played the role of Alice Green in the "PBS" Civil War historical drama series "Mercy Street" from 2016 to 2017.

In 2014, Robb was enrolled at New York University.

Robb was one of the demonstrators at the 2017 Women's March held on January 21, 2017 in Washington, D.C..

On March 30, 2008, Robb won her first career award when she was named Leading Young Actress at the Young Artist Awards for her role in "Bridge To Terabithia". The film itself won a Young Cast award. On April 24, 2009, she received the "Horizon Award" at the 14th Annual Palm Beach International Film Festival. She was awarded the Rising Star Award at the Denver Film Festival on November 12, 2009.


Joseph Conrad

Joseph Conrad (3 December 1857 – 3 August 1924) (real name: "Józef Teodor Konrad Korzeniowski") was a Polish writer. Conrad did not learn to speak English well until he was in his twenties and always had a Polish accent.

Conrad's prose style is considered as one of the best of all English novelists. He also is seen as important for paving the way to modernist literature. His narrative style and anti-heroic characters have influenced many modern writers and inspired such films as "Apocalypse Now" (after Conrad's "Heart of Darkness").

Conrad lived in the time of the British Empire and worked in the Merchant Navy.






Modernist literature

Modernist literature is the literary form of modernism. It does not mean "modern" in the sense of recent in time.

Literary modernism has its origins in the late 19th and early 20th centuries, mainly in Europe and North America. Modernism is characterized by a break with traditional styles of poetry and verse. Modernists experimented with literary form and expression. Ezra Pound's maxim was "Make it new". The horrors of the First World War had an effect. Thinkers such as Sigmund Freud and Karl Marx were influential.

Modernist literature was at its height from 1900 to 1940, and featured such authors as Knut Hamsun, Vladimir Nabokov, T. S. Eliot, James Joyce, William Faulkner, Ernest Hemingway, Franz Kafka, Joseph Conrad, Virginia Woolf, Andrei Bely, W.B. Yeats, F. Scott Fitzgerald, Ezra Pound, D.H. Lawrence, Katherine Mansfield, Gertrude Stein, Samuel Beckett, Menno ter Braak, Marcel Proust, Thomas Mann, Mikhail Bulgakov, Robert Frost and Boris Pasternak.

One strand of modernist literature is the concept of "the outsider". A good survey is the book of this title by Colin Wilson.

V. S. Naipaul

Sir Vidiadhar Surajprasad Naipaul, TC (17 August 1932 in Chaguanas, Trinidad and Tobago – 11 August 2018 in London) was a British writer. He was born in Trinidad and Tobago. He lived in Wiltshire. He was better known as V. S. Naipaul. He was awarded the Nobel Prize in Literature. He was the first person of Indian origin to win a Booker Prize (1971).

Naipaul died on 11 August 2018 in London at the age of 85. That was less than a week before his 86th birthday.

 Fiction

Non-fiction



Booker Prize

The Booker Prize, known in the past as the Man Booker Prize and the Booker Prize for Fiction, is a literary prize awarded each year for the best original full-length novel, written in the English language, by a citizen of either the Commonwealth of Nations or the Republic of Ireland.

To win the Booker Prize generally means to gain international success.


Dubliners

Dubliners is a collection of 15 short stories by James Joyce, an Irish writer. It was his first book and was first published in 1914.

The fifteen stories were supposed to describe very well the life of Irish people living in and around Dublin in the early years of the 20th century.

The stories in the collection are first told by children, and as the stories continue they deal with the lives of older people. The last story, "The Dead", is the longest and the most famous.

The fifteen stories are, in order:

Federal Ministry of the Interior (Germany)

The Ministry of the Interior of Germany is a ministry of the federal government. It is based in a brand new building in the Moabit area of Berlin-Mitte. The BMI has a second office in Bonn. It is not the same as the United States Department of the Interior.

The ministry handles affairs about security and police, so it is more like the British Home Office.

Each state also has a ministry of the interior.

The Federal Ministry of the Interior is responsible for the security inside Germany, the protection of the constitution, the public service, the organisation of the public administration, the civil defence, information technology and sports. The BMI also buys motor vehicles for the federal government, and has its own motor vehicle registration office.

The various State laws about health and safety do not apply to the Federal Government. Instead the BMI is the with health and safe authoirty for all federal bodies. It keeps the federal accident reigster.

The European Union sometimes complains that this is wrong. It says that the Federal health and safety authority should be independent.

Bundesausgleichsamt (BAA) Federal Equalization of Burdens Office (helping small states which need to spend a lot of money for some jobs)

Bundesamt für Migration und Flüchtlinge Federal Office of Migration and Refugees (BAMF)

Bundesakademie für öffentliche Verwaltung Federal Academy for Public Administration (BAköV)

Beschaffungsamt Procurement (buying)office (BeschA)

Bundesbeauftragter für den Datenschutz und die Informationsfreiheit Federal Commissioner for Data Protection and Freedom of Information (BfD)

Bundesamt für Verfassungsschutz Federal Office for the Protection of the Constitution (BfV)

Bundespolizei Federal Police (BPol) (formerly: "Bundesgrenzschutz Federal Border Guard" (BGS))

Bundesinstitut für Bevölkerungsforschung Federal Institute for Population Research (BIB)

Bundesinstitut für Sportwissenschaft Federal Institute for Sports Science BISp)

Bundeskriminalamt Federal Criminal Police Office (BKA)

Bundesamt für Kartographie und Geodäsie Federal Office of Cartography and Geodesy (BKG)

Bundeszentrale für politische Bildung Federal Office for Civic Education (bpb)

Bundesamt für Sicherheit in der Informationstechnik Federal Office of Information Technology Security (BSI)

Bundesverwaltungsamt Federal Administration Office (BVA)

Bundesamt für Bevölkerungsschutz und Katastrophenhilfe Federal Office of Civil Protection and Disaster Assistance (BBK)

Schutzkommission beim Bundesminister des Innern Security Commission of the Federal Minister of the Interior

Fachhochschule des Bundes für öffentliche Verwaltung Federal College for Public Administration (FH bund)

Koordinierungs- und Beratungsstelle der Bundesregierung für Informationstechnik in der Bundesverwaltung Coordination and Advice Centre for Information Technology in the Federal Government (KBSt)

Statistisches Bundesamt Federal Statistical Office (destatis)

Technisches Hilfswerk Emergency relief organisation (THW)

Unabhängige Kommission zur Überprüfung des Vermögens der Parteien und Massenorganisationen der DDR Independent Commission for Checking the Property of the Parties and Mass Organisations of the DDR (UKPV)|

Vertreter des Bundesinteresses beim Bundesverwaltungsgericht Federal Interests Representative at the Federal Administrative Court (VBI)

Beauftragter der Bundesregierung für Aussiedlerfragen und nationale Minderheiten Federal Ombudsman for Resettled Persons and National Minorities

Bundesanstalt für den Digitalfunk der Behörden und Organisationen mit Sicherheitsaufgaben Federal Agency for Digital Radio of Security Authorities and Organizations(BDBOS.)


Just

Just may refer to:


Hurricane Helene (2006)

Hurricane Helene was one of the strongest hurricanes of the 2006 Atlantic hurricane season. It is tied with Hurricane Gordon, which was also very strong. It was the ninth tropical storm, fourth hurricane and second strong hurricane of the 2006 Atlantic hurricane season.

Helene was a long Cape Verde-type hurricane that formed in the extreme southeastern part of the North Atlantic Ocean. When it was at its strongest, it was a Category 3 hurricane on the Saffir-Simpson Hurricane Scale. It reached this level as it travelled across the central Atlantic. It never hit land until the very end of its life as a weak extratropical cyclone. It only had a small effect in the northern British Isles.

In the second week of September, a strong tropical wave started moving off the coast of Africa. It was well-organized from the start, and on September 11, even before it entered the Atlantic, the National Hurricane Center believed that it could quickly turn into a tropical depression. That is what happened, and it became Tropical Depression Eight on the morning of September 12.

Because the depression was so big, it was quite slow to develop, combined with some easterly wind shear in the eastern Atlantic and because of the Saharan Air Layer to the north as it moved south of the Cape Verde islands. The actual strengthening was slowed down because convection was very slow. However, on September 13, the depression strengthened into Tropical Storm Helene. The storm slowly strengthened over the warm waters of the eastern Atlantic as it tracked west-northwest.

Some dry air from the Saharan Air Layer kept slowing Helene's strengthening on September 14 as Helene was still a weak tropical storm. However, an sudden strengthening happened on September 15 as shear got lower.

On the morning of September 16, the storm began to make a ragged eye and strengthened to Hurricane Helene. The intensity stayed the same for a while as a weak Category 1 hurricane, as the strengthening was slowed down by medium wind shear even though there was not a lot of dry air. Late that evening, the storm began to slowly get stronger once again.

On September 17, the strengthening became faster and Helene became a Category 2 hurricane that morning as the eye became clearer and surrounded by deeper convection. Helene also turned more northward and slowed down in the central Atlantic, which was because of a weakness in the subtropical ridge farther north created by Gordon. Because Helene turned north, the hurricane was moved away from any land areas. The strengthening kept going through the afternoon, and that evening, Helene strengthened into a large hurricane with 115 mph (185 km/h) and a minimum central pressure of 962 mbar. As shear stayed low and the oceans stayed warm, Helene got a little bit stronger. At the most, it was a strong Category 3 hurricane with 120 mph (195 km/h) winds early on September 18. At that time, Helene and Gordon were at roughly the same longitude in the open ocean.

As Gordon moved eastward on the afternoon of 18th, a narrow ridge built in, forcing Helene westward. The eyewall collapsed quite a lot, and Helene weakened into a Category 2 hurricane, where it stayed for about 48 hours until September 20 because of a long eyewall replacement cycle and a stretched out cloud pattern. On the 20th, Helene turned back to the northwest and weakened a bit because wind shear got a bit bigger. That afternoon, the hurricane was downgraded to a Category 1 hurricane, which Helene stayed as until becoming extratropical.

Early on September 21, the motion moved to the north as it moved along the northwest edge of the subtropical ridge. That movement kept going throughout the day, however, Helene began to turn more to the north-east that evening along the edge of the subtropical ridge, east of Bermuda. Because wind shear got lower and the water was quite warm at around 81 °F (27 °C), Helene stayed as a Category 1 hurricane without any big changes to its strength. The strength stayed at around 80 mph (130 km/h) before strengthening a bit late on September 22, even though it lost some tropical features (it was put back down to a tropical storm for a short amount of time) as it sped up northeast in the north Atlantic. When QuikSCAT analysed it early on September 23, they said that it was definitely a high-end Category 1 hurricane with 90 mph (145 km/h) winds.

Helene turned into a "hybrid" storm with both tropical and extratropical features that afternoon, with a deep, warm core. After that, bigger shear weakened Helene once again, although it stayed as a hurricane-strength storm until it was fully extratropical on the morning of September 24. After becoming fully extratropical, the storm weakened as it moved eastward, becoming a gale center west of Ireland early on September 27. It eventually merged with a larger extratropical low near the northern end of the British Isles late on the 27th.

While Helene was a tropical cyclone, the storm never came close to land. Three ships were caught in the outer part of Helene. The strongest of these reported 56 mph (91 km/h) winds early on September 23 in the north Atlantic. Though it stayed far away from the island, the hurricane made rough waves in Bermuda. As a weakened extratropical system, strong wind gusts were reported in Ireland and northern Scotland. The strongest wind gust in Ireland was at the Valentia Observatory, where 56 mph (91 km/h) gusts were reported. In Scotland, the strongest gust was on South Uist Island in the Outer Hebrides, where 74 mph (118 km/h) gusts were reported. No damage or deaths were reported because of Helene.



Alle, Switzerland

Alle is a municipality of the district Porrentruy of the canton of Jura in Switzerland.


Electronic component

An electronic component is a basic electronic element. Components can be connected together to make circuits. Components can be single items (resistor, transistor) or in more or less complex groups like integrated circuits (logic gate, resistor array).

A thin metal conductor

A flexible conducting electrical or optical link.

A physical device with a number of metal contacts that allow devices to be easily linked together.

A mechanical or hard state device that can electrically connect or isolate two or more lines.



Asuel

Asuel is a municipality, in the new municipality of La Baroche and district Porrentruy in the canton of Jura in Switzerland.

Beurnevésin

Beurnevésin is a municipality of the district of Porrentruy in the canton of Jura in Switzerland.

Boncourt, Switzerland

Boncourt is a municipality of the district of Porrentruy in the canton of Jura in Switzerland.

Bonfol

Bonfol is a municipality of the district of Porrentruy in the canton of Jura in Switzerland.

Bressaucourt

Bressaucourt is a municipality of the district of Porrentruy in the canton of Jura in Switzerland. On 1 January 2013 the former municipality of Bressaucourt merged into the municipality of Fontenais.

South Uist

South Uist (Scottish Gaelic: "Uibhist-a-Deas") is an island of the Outer Hebrides in Scotland. In the 2001 census it had a usually resident population of 1,818. There is a nature reserve and a number of sites of archaeological interest, including the only location in Great Britain where prehistoric mummies have been found. The population is about 90% Roman Catholic. The island, in common with the rest of the Hebrides, is one of the last remaining strongholds of the Gaelic language in Scotland. In 2006 South Uist, and neighbouring Benbecula and Eriskay were involved in Scotland's biggest community land buyout to date. In the north west there is a missile testing range.


Outer Hebrides

The Outer Hebrides, often called the Western Isles, make up an island chain off the west coast of Scotland. It is also a parliamentary constituency. The northern island is Lewis and Harris. South of Lewis and Harris is a series of islands, such as South Uist, Benbecula and North Uist. The Outer Herides includes a number of even smaller islands.

The isles form part of the Hebrides, and are separated from the Scottish mainland and from the Inner Hebrides by the stormy waters of the Minch, the Little Minch and the Sea of the Hebrides. 

Formerly the dominant language of the Islands, Scottish Gaelic remains spoken even though it has now been largely supplanted by English in some parts.

Sea transport is crucial and a variety of ferry services operate between the islands and to mainland Britain. 

The Western Isles became part of the "Suðreyjar" kingdom of the Norse, who ruled for over 400 years until sovereignty was transferred to Scotland by the Treaty of Perth in 1266. Control of the islands was then held by clan chiefs. 

Most of the islands have a bedrock formed from ancient metamorphic rocks and the climate is mild and oceanic. The Gulf Stream runs nearby. The 15 inhabited islands have a total population of about 26,500 and there are more than 50 substantial uninhabited islands.

Much of the archipelago is a protected habitat including both the islands and the surrounding waters. There are 53 Sites of Special Scientific Interest (SSSI) of which the largest are Loch an Duin, North Uist at and North Harris, which is in extent.

Loch Druidibeg on South Uist is a National Nature Reserve owned and managed by Scottish Natural Heritage. The reserve covers 1,677 hectares across the whole range of local habitats.

Historical footnote: Many websites of the Outer Hebrides derive content from the Eolas Virtual Hebrides, website. This was once the largest rural website in the world. Eolas went bankrupt in 2000 and the Eolas TV company became MacTV. The web design team became Reefnet and the content has largely found a home on GlobalGuide.Org. 

Sites deriving partly from the original Virtual Hebrides

Other Outer Hebrides websites

Space Shuttle Atlantis

Space Shuttle Atlantis (OV-104) is the fourth space shuttle run by NASA. It was named after a sailing boat used for ocean research by the Woods Hole Oceanographic Institute.

Hurricane Gordon (2006)

Hurricane Gordon was a strong Category 3 hurricane that crossed the Azores as a Category 1 hurricane, making it the first hurricane to directly impact the Azores since 1991. Gordon's remnants also affected Western Europe. It was the eighth tropical storm, third hurricane and first major hurricane of the 2006 Atlantic hurricane season.

The original development of this system can be linked to Hurricane Florence. It began as a tropical wave right behind Florence in the first week of September, which at first was absorbed into the large circulation of then-Tropical Storm Florence. As Florence began to organize and move northwest, the wave managed to break from the circulation again and slowly organize in spite of hostile conditions at first. On September 10, it had organized enough to be declared Tropical Depression Seven northeast of the Lesser Antilles. With Florence far away from the system, conditions became more favorable for development, and it was upgraded to Tropical Storm Gordon on September 11 while moving slowly westward.

The conditions remained favorable as Gordon steered through a hole in the ridge near the Azores, allowing it to avoid land. It continued to strengthen, becoming a hurricane on September 12 and rapidly organizing into a strong Category 2 hurricane less than 24 hours later. The quick development continued on September 13, and by that evening, it had strengthened into a major hurricane - the first of 2006 - while maintaining a very small size. Gordon would remain a major hurricane for over 24 hours before cooler water began to set in and Gordon gradually weakened early on September 15.

The steering currents would also weaken greatly and Gordon became nearly stationary for about 24 hours before a trough would come in and push Gordon northeastward. By the morning of September 16, Gordon was barely a hurricane and was forecast to weaken over cooler waters. However, that did not happen, and Gordon actually strengthened a little bit while moving northeastward and became better organized. That trend continued for over 48 hours, and Gordon increased in strength slowly, becoming a Category 2 hurricane. While the forecast constantly showed a weakening trend the Azores were threatened by Gordon. Gordon reached its secondary peak of 105 mph (165 km/h) on the morning of September 19, before weakening again.

It remained a hurricane as it crossed the Azores. Shortly after that it weakened and became extratropical. The remnants of Gordon then began to interact with a large Atlantic low pressure area to the west of Ireland and an associated weather front extending south. It tracked towards the north-west of the Iberian Peninsula and then on September 21 turned northwards towards south-west Britain and Ireland. By the morning of September 22 it had become completely absorbed into the Atlantic low.

With Gordon expected, all nine Azores Islands were placed on red alert by the Portuguese government, and people were asked to take emergency precautions. The Meteorological Service of the Azores gave out hurricane warnings for all of the islands. The civil protection agency head Antonio Cunha closed all schools as a precautionary measure. Fishermen were also ordered to stay on land. Residents were warned to stay indoors, close doors and windows, clear storm sewers and move livestock to safe areas. Forecasters warned of winds as high as 105 mph (170 km/h), along with heavy rain and waves of up to 12 metres (40 ft) high lashing coastal areas.

In Spain Galicia was placed on red alert - the highest level - by authorities who were expecting the extratropical remnants of Gordon. Classes on September 21 were also stopped by the regional education ministry. 11 other regions of Spain, including as far east as Madrid and as far south as Andalusia, received lower levels of warning.
Stormy conditions caused by the remnants of Gordon were expected to affect the 2006 Ryder Cup in Straffan, County Kildare, Ireland, starting fears that the event could be interrupted and delayed. Strong gusts and heavy rain associated with another system had already caused some damages, resulting both teams to delay their second practice rounds. This led to concerns about the possible state of the course by the time the tournament proper was expected to start on September 22, leading to the possibility of further interruptions and possible changing of the normal rules. As a result, September 25 was set aside as an additional "reserve day" by organizers at the K Club. 

On September 19 it was reported that the remnants of Gordon would cause high winds and rainfall in parts of the United Kingdom. The UK Met Office stated that a "period of very windy weather" with "exceptionally severe gales" was expected for much of Northern Ireland and Scotland. Northern Ireland was expected to receive the worst of the storm, with severe gales as high as 80 mph expected. There were also warnings of localised flooding, with up to two inches (50 mm) of rain expected to fall. In addition, Wales and western England were warned of gusts of up to 50 mph.

The Azores escaped a lot of severe damage. There were only reports of toppled trees and power lines, knocking out power to some communities, particularly on Santa Maria Island.

Gordon hit the northwestern province of Galicia as a strengthening extratropical storm early on September 21. Gusts as strong as 101 mph (165 km/h) were seen at Fisterra. Even near Madrid, reported winds of 65 mph (107 km/h) raked Punto Navacerrada. Heavy rainfall, up to 2.58" (65.5 mm) at Canfranc, fell across Spain. The pressure plummeted to 989.7 hPa at A Coruña. Waves as high as 7 metres were also reported. Trees, traffic lights, containers and placards were all blown over by the strong winds. One man was injured from a tree falling on his car. Overall damage was light, but some roads were blocked.

On September 20, practice rounds for the Ryder Cup were temporarily delayed due to high winds, but Meteorological Office charts showed these to be associated with a different Atlantic low pressure area rather than effects of Gordon itself.

The remnants of Gordon caused stormy conditions late on September 21, with 1,500 homes losing power. The worst affected areas were on the east coast between Drogheda and Wexford and in the south around Cork and Limerick. 

Earlier on the 21st, a woman attending the Ryder Cup in County Kildare was injured after a tree branch fell near a golf buggy in which she was travelling. Additionally, the event's media centre was evacuated because of high winds. However, the gates opened at 06:00 on September 22 as originally planned and the tournament's first day went ahead without major disruption.

The remnants of Gordon hit south-west Britain late on September 21. A gust of 81 mph (130 km/h) was recorded and power lines were hit, leaving more than 1,000 homes without power in Truro, Cornwall. In Devon, the rail line between Exeter and Plymouth was damaged by high surf at Dawlish, causing disruption to services. A section of seawall 10 m (33 ft) long was also eroded near the track. A tree fell onto a campervan in Yeoford, but no injuries were reported. 

Gusts of up to 75 mph affected Northern Ireland during the night of the 21st & 22nd. Up to 100,000 houses lost power as tree branches fell on power lines. Fallen trees caused widespread disruption: in County Down, several people had to be rescued from their vehicles after trees had fallen on them; flooding was also reported at Rostrevor. Several roads across the province were blocked by fallen trees, including the M1 motorway and the main roads from Derry to Belfast and Coleraine. The Foyle Bridge in Derry was also closed for two hours early on the 22nd due to high winds.

In Scotland, high winds led to the cancelling of ferry services from Stranraer and Cairnryan. Lorries on the A715 road were forced to park on the roadside overnight due to dangerous driving conditions.

One positive effect from the extratropical remnants of Gordon was observed in Newquay, Cornwall, where large waves and swells up to 2.5 m (8 ft) high made for excellent surf conditions.


Tropical Storm Debby (2006)

Tropical Storm Debby was the fifth tropical storm of the 2006 Atlantic hurricane season. Debby formed just off the coast of Africa on August 21 from a tropical wave. After passing near the Cape Verde islands, Debby moved northwestward for much of its life, reaching a peak intensity of 50 mph (85 km/h). Strong wind shear weakened the storm, and Debby dissipated on August 27 over the northern Atlantic Ocean.

Debby was forecasted to pass through the southern Cape Verde islands as a tropical storm, possibly causing life-threatening flooding.The National Hurricane Center continually predicted Debby to strengthen into hurricane status, though strong vertical shear prevented the storm from becoming a hurricane.

A strong tropical wave moved off the coast of Africa late on August 20. A large area of low pressure formed within the wave the next day while 260 miles southeast of the Cape Verde islands. Though convection decreased early on August 21, the area of low pressure stayed well-organized and the system developed into Tropical Depression Four late on August 21. Water temperatures remained warm enough for development, while upper level shear was minimal as the depression moved west-northwestward because of a ridge of high pressure to its north. Original predictions by the National Hurricane Center also forecasted a turn to the northwest based computer model predictions, as quoted by forecaster James Franklin, "The models have also been excellently wrong thus far".

In spite of a decrease in convection shortly after forming, the large depression remained well organized, with a 575 mile wide wind field. On August 22, as it passed 140 miles (225 km) miles to south of the Cape Verde islands, deep convection developed over the center of circulation, and early on August 23 the depression strengthened into Tropical Storm Debby about 300 miles southwest of Cape Verde. Banding features continued to organize as the system slowly strengthened, and on August 23 Debby reached its peak intensity of 50 mph over the open waters of the Atlantic Ocean. Forecasters predicted Debby to continue to strengthen to reach hurricane status, while its projected path placed the storm in an area of warm water temperatures and moderate upper level shear.

Shortly after reaching its peak intensity, Debby encountered an area of dry air, and as a result weakened. The low level circulation detached itself from the dying convection while the system as a whole continued west-northwestward. Convection redeveloped over a portion of the center, while banding features redeveloped as well. Organization continued, and Debby again reached intensity of 50 mph on August 24. Southerly wind shear displaced the convection to the north of the center, and Debby weakened to a weak tropical storm on August 25. The center of the storm became asymmetric and elongated, and on August 26 Debby weakened to a tropical depression. Convection remained minimal and it quickly degenerated into a remnant area of low pressure. The low turned to the north and north-northeast ahead of an approaching trough, and on August 28 the low dissipated.

The government of the Cape Verde islands gave out tropical storm warnings at the same time with the issuance of the first advisory on Tropical Depression Four, meaning tropical storm conditions were expected in the area within 24 hours. The National Hurricane Center stated that heavy rainfall, possibly as high as 10 inches in mountainous areas, would be possible in the territory, possibly causing life-threatening flash floods and mudslides.

However, because of a reformation further to the south, tropical storm warnings were discontinued as the depression left the area. While passing around 115 miles to the southwest of the southwestern most islands, the depression produced a 35 mph wind gust at Fogo and some rainfall, though no damage was reported.

Long range forecasts brought the storm near Bermuda. However Debby remained over 900 miles from the island at its closest approach.

Though the storm was forecasted to remain far away from the Gulf of Mexico, investors tracking the storm caused the price of crude oil to rise 60 cents a barrel due to the possible impact to oil installations.



Fogo, Cape Verde

Fogo (Portuguese for "fire") is a volcanic island in the Sotavento group of Cape Verde. It is the most prominent of the group, rising to nearly 3,000 m (10,000 ft) above sea level at Pico do Fogo.

Hurricane Isaac (2006)

Hurricane Isaac was the final tropical cyclone of the 2006 Atlantic hurricane season. It reached peak strength of Category 1 just before striking Newfoundland, where it produced tropical storm-force winds. Isaac followed the path of the three previous storms in the Atlantic basin, Florence, Gordon, and Helene. Isaac formed in the central North Atlantic Ocean and moved eastward toward Europe.

Hurricane Isaac formed off the coast of Africa on September 18. Intensification was partly suppressed by high wind shear and by cool sea surface temperatures in the wake of Hurricanes Gordon and Helene. Isaac reached tropical storm strength on September 28 and entered an area of low wind shear, allowing it to strengthen into an 85 mph (137 km/h) hurricane. Its intensity nearly matched forecasts made with the Statistical Hurricane Intensity Prediction Scheme (SHIPS).

On October 1, Isaac turned northeast and struck Newfoundland as a tropical storm. Two days later, it merged with a newly formed baroclinic low off the east coast of the United States. The merged system was forecast to move toward the area between Greenland and Great Britain. Isaac produced rainfall over Newfoundland of up to 25 mm (1 in). No deaths or damage were reported. Isaac was the second storm to affect Newfoundland during the season, the other being Hurricane Florence.

Isaac started as a tropical wave that moved away from Africa on September 18. An area of disturbed weather began interacting with the tropical wave as deep convection increased on September 23. The convection began to organize, and weather agencies to release the first Dvorak numbers on the system.

The SHIPS models predicted that the system would become a hurricane with maximum sustained winds of 88 knots (150 km/h) after 120 hours. However, the system was slow to organize and a Tropical Cyclone Formation Advisory was not issued by the National Hurricane Center (NHC) until four days later. The NHC, however, decided the convection was not strong enough to justify classification as a tropical depression and the TCFA was discontinued. Three days later, on September 27 another TCFA was issued, announcing the formation of the ninth tropical depression of the Atlantic season.

The depression strengthened into Tropical Storm Isaac on September 28, just twelve hours after the cyclone's formation. Deep convection was slow to form that day since the system remained over cold waters that had upwelled in the wake of Hurricanes Gordon and Helene. The next day, the cyclone moved west-northwestward and started gaining subtropical characteristics while its convection deepened. Vertical shear weakened as the system moved away from the cold, upwelling waters and the core of Isaac started re-developing. Atmospheric conditions remained favorable and Isaac reached hurricane status on September 30. Isaac continued strengthening a little bit during the next day near Bermuda, reaching its peak intensity with sustained winds of 85 mph (135 km/h) and minimum central pressure of 985 mbar. Isaac's winds quickly weakened to 80 mph (130 km/h), but its central pressure did not change.

Isaac encountered cooler waters as it approached Newfoundland on October 1, and weakened into a tropical storm on October 2. Isaac made landfall on the Avalon Peninsula as a weak tropical storm on October 2 and maintained tropical cyclonic structure and deep convection. Soon after, Isaac turned into an extratropical storm and merged with a larger extratropical system on October 3 off the Avalon Peninsula.

A tropical storm "watch" was sent up on October 1 for the Avalon Peninsula. The watch was upgraded to a tropical storm "warning" the next day. Another watch was issued for the Burin and Bonavista peninsulas, although it was quickly removed. On October 2, all tropical cyclone watches and warnings were taken away. Heavy rain and gusty winds were expected. Because of this, rainfall warnings were declared for parts of southern Newfoundland. Wind and gale advisories were also given out over the Atlantic Ocean.

On October 2, a ship called the "Elektra" (call sign SIWB) reported winds of while it was located about to the east of the center of the storm. Two other ships, many buoys, and a few oil platforms also recorded strong winds. Waves off the coast reached about heigh.

Isaac did not have much impact on land. No people were killed, and there was no bad damage. However, some parts of the Avalon Peninsula had tropical storm conditions. At Cape Race, constant winds were as high as , with wind gusts of up to . The strongest winds remained offshore. Since the storm was moving so quickly, it did not drop much rainfall; precipitation usually amounted to below .



Baroclinic

In fluid dynamics, baroclinicity is a measure of the stratification in a fluid. A baroclinic atmosphere is one for which the density depends on both the temperature and the pressure; contrast this with barotropic atmosphere, for which the density depends only on the pressure. In atmospheric terms, the barotropic zones of the Earth are generally found in the central latitudes, or tropics, whereas the baroclinic areas are generally found in the mid-latitude/polar regions.

Foreign Office of Germany

The traditional name of the ministry handling Germany's foreign affairs is the Foreign Office or AA (). It is responsible for the foreign policy as well as the German EU politics. It is led by the federal Minister for Foreign Affairs ()

The Foreign Office is part of the foreign service of Germany. The other part is the parts of the other agencies of the federal government based abroad.

The Foreign Office handles contact between Germany and other countries or international organisations such as the United Nations. This included trying to get a permanent seat in the Security Council of the United Nations as part of the proposed 2005 UN reforms.
The Foreign Office is near the old DDR Foreign Ministry in Berlin. The big old building in the Werderschen Markt became the Reichbanks headquarters in 1940 and from 1959 the central committee headquarters of the SED. The Foreign Office has a "second headquarters" on Adenauerallee in Bonn.

Sigmar Gabriel (SPD) has been Foreign Minister since January 2017.

There are German embassies and consulates or consulates-general in most capitals of the world as well as in larger towns of the countries.

The Berlin headquarters job is to coordinate German diplomacy, and study the information passed on from the embassies, permanent representations and consulates. These are the "eyes, ears and voice" of the Federal Government abroad.

The Foreign Office has 145 embassies, 59 consulates general, twelve permanent representations (at international organisations) and ten offices abroad.

There are also three "German Information Centres (GIC)" with the job of giving information about Germany and the German language.

The biggest GIC is in Washington, DC, after it moved from New York in 2003. A GIC in Cairo is for the Arabic speaking world. The other GIC is in Paris, for French speaking areas

There are also 356 honorary consuls. These are often German businessmen who do some work for the Foreign Office.

The Bonn office handles information technology particularly. Every German agency abroad is connected to Bonn, which can send the information to Berlin. The Bonn office also arranges communications for the Foreign Minister and the Chancellorwhen they are abroad.

Some people say that there is corruption in the way senir jobs are filled.

This is because the Foreign Office does not publish the qualifications of its top diplomats anymore. They stopped after terrorists used the information to attack the German embassy in Stockholm in 1975 and the RAF murdered diplomat Gerold von Braunmühl in 1986.

The Foreign Office started in 1870 as a part of the North German Confederation. It was headed by a permanent secretary, just like the Foreign Office of the German empire. There were ministers only since 1919. This was why it was called an Office not a ministry .

The Foreign Office of the German Empire was based in Berlin Wilhelmstraße 76.

The empire tookover the Foreign Office of the North German alliance unchanged. However the German federal states kept a considerable degree of independence in their own foreign policy.

The AA had two departments

Higher politics, personnel, ceremonies, budgets, registeration of the schools and churches. The head of this department was a permanent secretary who was also the permanent representative of the German Chancellor in the Foreign Office at the same time. The German Chancellor had the topmost responsibility in foreign policy.

The second department was responsible for trade, traffic, consulates, national law, civil law, the art and science, the private matters of Germans abroad, also, justice, police and Post Office, emigration, ship matters. This department was headed by the director of the Foreign Office.

Legal matters were transferred to the new Department III in 1885. A colonial department was formed in 1890, it became the Imperial Colonial Office in 1907. Department IV was formed in 1915 to handle intelligence.

The Foreign Office became a ministry in the Weimar Republic, headed by a Reich Minister. The permanent secretary no longerThe minister had the sole responsibility for the foreign policy now. The name "Foreign Office" was kept, out of tradition. Gustav Stresemann was the most famous foreign minister of this time, and moulded German foreign policy just like Bismarck had done during the empire.

When the Nazis seized power the Foreign Office started following Nazi Party ideas. However, there was some resistance, especially from people like Adam von Trott zu Solz and Ulrich von Hassell.

The Foreign Office wrote a formal letter about the Jews and foreign policy in 1939: It said that giving the Jews a homeland in Palestine was dangerous to world peace. This note is a big reason why the second set of Nuremberg Trials included officials from the Foreign Office.

Also see: Fritz Kolbe, "Kurt Georg Kiessinger"

After the Second World War Germany stayed under allied control, at least in part, until 1955. This meant that there was no need for a Foreign Office until 1951, when the new Germany got more control overs its own affairs.

The new Foreign Office was set up on March 15th, 1951 in Bonn and kept the name of "Office".

Many of the senior officials of the AA were ex nazis. in fact More ex party members were in charge parts of the Foreign Office than there were party members doing the same type of job during the Third Reich.

Since 1966 the Foreign Minister has often been the leader of the smaller coalition partner in coalition governments. The exceptions were the vice-chancellorships of Jürgen Möllemann and Franz Müntefering.

The Ministry for Foreign Affairs handled the foreign policy of the government of the DDR.

Two Chancellors also Foreign Minister. Konrad Adenauer as the first Foreign Secretary of the Federal Republic of Germany and Helmut Schmidt, after FDP had left coalition and cabinet. Hans-Dietrich Genscher was Foreign Minister under both an SPD and a CDU chancellor.



Burin Peninsula

The Burin Peninsula is a Canadian peninsula found on the south coast of the island of Newfoundland in the province of Newfoundland and Labrador.

Bonavista Peninsula

The Bonavista Peninsula is a large peninsula on the east coast of the island of Newfoundland in the Canadian province of Newfoundland and Labrador.

Districts of Switzerland

In Switzerland each Canton is free to decide its own internal organisation. Because of this there many types and names for smaller administrative divisions in each canton. The term District is used for these smaller divisions. 

Most Cantons are divided into "Bezirke" (German for districts). Some are called "Ämter" (Lucerne), "Amtsbezirke" (Bern), "district" (in French) or "distretto" (Tessin and part of Graubünden).

The Bezirke generally only deals with administration and court organization. The cantons Graubünden and Schwyz are their own legal entities. They have the power to control taxes as well. 

Ten of the 26 Cantons do not have a district level of government:

Uri, Obwalden, Nidwalden, Appenzell Ausserrhoden, Glarus, Zug, Basel-City and Geneva. Schaffhausen stopped using Bezirke in the middle of 1999. Since the start of 2003 Canton of St. Gallen does not use the Bezirk level any more.

The Canton of Zürich is divided into 12 districts (German: "Bezirke"). The city of Zürich is its own district.

There are 26 administrative districts in Berne

The Canton of Lucerne is divided into 5 districts termed "Ämter":
Canton of Uri is not divided into districts: the municipality is the next lowest unit of government. 

The Canton of Schwyz is divided into six districts and 30 municipalities, although the districts Einsiedeln, Küssnacht and Gersau simply comprise the municipality of the same name.

Obwalden is not divided into districts: the municipality is the next lowest unit of government. See: Obwalden.

Nidwalden is not divided into districts.

Canton of Glarus is not divided into districts: the municipality is the next lower unit of government. 

Canton of Zug is not divided into districts. 

The Canton of Fribourg is divided into 7 districts:

From 2005, Solothurn's ten districts are combined in pairs into five electoral districts, called "Amtei". From 2005, districts are only used for statistics.

Basel-City is not divided into districts. It is formed only of the city of Basel and two municipalities.

There are 5 Bezirke in Basel-Landschaft:
The Canton of Schaffhausen used to be divided into 6 districts ("Bezirke") until July 1999. The municipality is now the next lower unit of government.

Canton Appenzell Ausserrhoden is not divided into districts. The municipality is the next lower unit of government. 

The 6 "Bezirke" (districts) are the local government level. They are part of the municipalities:

"Feuerschaugemeinde" is a special-purpose municipality for firefighting, energy and water for the town Appenzell.

The canton used to be subdivided into 14 districts ("Bezirke") until 2003 January 1,
when it was reorganised into 8 constituencies (Wahlkreise). 

Canton Graubünden is divided into 11 Districts. They tend to follow the natural boundaries of the landscape. The districts are further subdivided into 39 sub-districts (German: "Kreise"):

Aargau is divided into 11 districts.

The Canton of Thurgau is divided into eight districts. Each district is named after its capital.

The Canton of Ticino is divided into 8 districts (called distretti):

Since 1803 the Canton of Vaud has been divided into 19 districts:

As of January 1, 2008, Vaud will be reorganized into the following districts:


The Canton of Valais is divided into 14 districts and half-districts:

"See also: Valais Municipalities"

The Canton of Neuchâtel is divided into 6 districts which belong to 4 geographic regions:
The Canton of Geneva is not divided into districts. The municipality is the next level of government.

Canton Jura is divided into 3 districts:

Cape Race

Cape Race is a point of land at the southeastern tip of the Avalon Peninsula, on the island of Newfoundland, Canada. Its name is thought to come from the original Portuguese name for this cape, "Raso", or "bare". The Cape appeared on early sixteenth century maps as Cape Raso, and may derive from a cape of the same name at the mouth of the Tagus River in Portugal.

Hurricane Florence (2006)

Hurricane Florence was the first Atlantic hurricane to produce hurricane force winds on Bermuda since Hurricane Fabian hit the island in September 2003. The seventh tropical storm and second hurricane of the 2006 Atlantic hurricane season, Florence developed from a tropical wave in the tropical Atlantic Ocean on September 3 and followed the track of a Cape Verde-type hurricane. Because of unfavorable conditions, the system failed to organize at first, and as a result the storm grew to an unusually large size. After several days, Florence encountered an area of lesser wind shear and strengthened into a hurricane on September 10. It passed just west of Bermuda while recurving northeastward, and on September 13 it transitioned into an extratropical cyclone.

Florence produced wind gusts of up to 115 mph (185 km/h) on Bermuda, which caused several power outages and minor damage. Florence then brought heavy rains across Newfoundland as an extratropical storm, destroying one house and causing minor damage to several others. There were no fatalities as a result of the hurricane.

A tropical wave moved off the coast of Africa on August 29. It tracked slowly westward, and first showed signs of development two days later. On August 31, a second tropical wave left the coast of Africa at a faster speed than its predecessor. The two waves interacted, and by September 2 combined to form a large area of disturbed weather across the eastern Atlantic Ocean. Convection increased within the system, and the large system developed a thick area of convection along with an organized low pressure area. By late on September 3, the system maintained a large closed circulation and enough convective organization to be named Tropical Depression Six while located about midway between the Lesser Antilles and Africa.

After becoming a tropical cyclone, the depression had many cloud swirls inside its common center. Banding features increased, though southwesterly wind shear from an upper-level trough to its northeast and the lack of an organized circulation originally prevented strengthening. Dry air encountered the depression, and as such the depression developed very slowly; forecasters maintained considerable difficulty in determining a center of circulation. It continued to move to the west-northwest while tracking around the southern periphery of a deep-layer subtropical ridge to its north. Though convection remained focused near the outer periphery of the system, the overall organized continued to steadily increase, and it is estimated the depression strengthened into Tropical Storm Florence on September 5 while located about 1120 miles (1800 km) east-northeast of Anguilla.

After reaching tropical storm status, the maximum sustained winds for three days were between 40 mph (65 km/h) and 50 mph (85 km/h). This is because of the large size of Florence; the wind field reached 460 miles (745 km) wide with a radius of maximum winds of about 110 miles (170 km). By September 6, an organized form of cloud swirls became visible, with thin rainbands developing in the southeast and northwest quadrants. As a result, hurricane forecasters predicted Florence to quickly develop and reach major hurricane status. Though convection slowly moved closer to the center of the storm, forecasters could not detect an organized center of circulation late on September 13.

On September 7, convection developed over and to the west of the center for the first time in its duration. However, Florence failed to strengthen any further with a wind field more than 1035 miles (1670 km) in diameter. This made it diffficult to forecast the storm, since it tracked through an area of 84° F (29° C) water temperatures, light shear, and a large low-level cyclonic envelop with abundant convection. By early on September 8, the storm became a stretched out, shapeless cloud pattern not normal for a tropical cyclone. Later that day, as an anticyclone developed over Florence, the storm began to consolidate around a vorticity center on the western side of the large cyclonic envelope. It began to strengthen more steadily as the storm turned to the northwest. Early on September 10, an eye began developing inside a ring of round thick convection over the center, and Florence reached hurricane status about 390 miles (630 km) south of Bermuda.

Hurricane Florence turned to the north and north-northeast through a break in the subtropical ridge. Though its eyewall was open on the north side, favorable conditions led forecasters to predict Florence passing near Bermuda as a strong Category 2 hurricane. The inner core of convection became ragged-looking on satellite pictures, and based on reports from Hurricane Hunters it is estimated the hurricane reached peak winds of 90 mph (150 km/h) late on September 10. After further erosion of the eyewall, the hurricane weakened, and on September 11 passed about 60 miles (95 km) west of Bermuda with winds of 85 mph (135 km/h). The overall cloud pattern became a little bit better organized, and Florence briefly re-strengthened before encountering increased upper-level winds and cooler waters.

Dry air wrapping around the southern half of the cyclone dissipated most of the deep convection by early on September 12. The cloud shield became asymmetrically displaced to the north of the center, and frontal-like features began to form. It continued to lose tropical characteristics, and on September 13 Florence turned into an extratropical cyclone about 485 miles (780 km) south-southwest of Cape Race, Newfoundland. At first, the storm was able to keep hurricane-force winds, as the extratropical remnant passed near Cape Race before turning to the east-northeast, and on September 14 the winds weakened to gale force. In the next days the storm executed a broad cyclonic half-loop to the southwest of Iceland, and after turning to the west the extratropical remnants of Florence were absorbed to the east of Greenland by a developing extratropical cyclone to its south.

The government of Bermuda gave out a hurricane watch for the island on September 8, which was followed by a tropical storm warning on September 9. These were replaced by a hurricane warning on September 10, which were given out at the same time with the storm's strengthening to hurricane status. The government persuaded people to take preparations for the storm, many of whom bought supplies at local hardware stores. Residents installed storm shutters, while boat owners moved their boats to safer locations. An emergency shelter was prepared on the island. Before Florence approached the storm, officials cancelled bus and ferry services, and also closed all schools and government offices on the day of impact. The Bermuda International Airport was also closed.

Hurricane Florence produced strong swells and dangerous surf conditions for the northern Lesser Antilles, U.S. Virgin Islands, Puerto Rico, Hispaniola, and Bermuda. Later in its duration, the tight pressure gradient between Florence and a high-pressure system over southeastern Canada produced strong winds and rough waves along the East Coast of the United States. The hurricane also caused strong swells and rough ocean conditions, including rip currents, in the Bahamas and Atlantic Canada.

Passing a short distance west of Bermuda, Hurricane Florence produced strong winds on the island; sustained winds peaked at 82 mph (132 km/h) on St. David's Island at an elevation of 410 feet (48 m), while gusts reached 115 mph (185 km/h) at the Maritime Operations Centre in St. George's Parish at an elevation of 665 feet (78 m). The winds knocked down trees and power lines, leaving over 25,000 homes and businesses without electricity during the peak of the storm. The powerful winds damaged ten houses, including destroying the roofs of three, and blew out windows across the island. A few people were injured by flying glass, though none required hospital care. Rainfall on the island reached 1.32 inches (34 mm) at the Bermuda International Airport. A possible tornado reported in Southampton Parish downed trees and caused light property damage. At the Bermuda Zoo and Aquarium, two flamingos died due to falling branches. During the peak of the storm, police officials advised people to remain indoors away from harm, though there were several reports of looting.

The storm caused over $200,000 (2006 USD) in damage on the island. Shortly after the storm passed through, BELCO began restoring power, and by six hours after the peak of the storm power had been restored to 7,000 homes and businesses. By the day after the storm, about 3,000 remained without electricity on the island. The passage of the storm damaged the causeway between St. David's Island and Hamilton Parish, temporarily limiting traffic to one lane in each direction.

As an extratropical storm over Newfoundland, Florence produced powerful winds peaking at 101 mph (163 km/h) and rainfall of up to 2.6 inches (67 mm). Flooding and power outages were reported, although they were isolated. The hurricane caused flight interruptions at St. John's International Airport and also to the Trans Canada ferry between Newfoundland and Cape Breton Island in eastern Nova Scotia Strong winds destroyed a house in the small Newfoundland village of Francois. Residents in Francois agreed to rebuild the wrecked home while the family stayed in a summer home of another family. The winds also caused damage to shingles and sides of homes, while the strong waves damaged roads and boats along the Burin Peninsula.



Travagliato

Travagliato is a city in north of Italy. Travagliato is in the province of Brescia, Lombardy Region. About 12,000 people live in Travagliato.

2006 Nova Scotia tropical storm

The 2006 unnamed tropical storm was a short-lived tropical cyclone. It was the second tropical storm of the 2006 Atlantic hurricane season. It formed as an extratropical cyclone, a type of weather system, to the southeast of Nantucket, Massachusetts. It then moved to the northwest over warm water temperatures. It turned into a tropical storm on July 17, when an area of thunderstorms formed near the center of the cyclone. The storm quickly reached peak winds of 50 mph (85 km/h). It moved into cooler waters and began to lose strength. On July 18, it died out, and what was left of the storm moved across Newfoundland. Because the storm was weak, no damage happened.

A cold front moved off the east coast of the United States late on July 13. While it was over the western Atlantic Ocean, it stopped moving. The front then died out, but it left behind two areas of low pressure. The southern one was about 200 miles (320 km) to the south of Cape Hatteras, North Carolina. The northern weather system was about 290 miles (470 km) to the south-southeast of Cape Cod, Massachusetts. The northern one became an extratropical cyclone, a type of weather system, on July 16. It moved to the northwest over warm water temperatures. These temperatures were 80–82º F (27–28º C). A large group of thunderstorm formed near the center of the storm. It turned into a tropical depression on July 17, when it was about 240 miles (390 km) to the southeast of Nantucket, Massachusetts.

The storm moved to the northwest northeastward, and it moved into an area that was good for strengthening. It quickly became a tropical storm. It continued to gain strength. Late on July 17, the storm reached its peak winds of 50 mph (85 km/h). At this time, it was about 245 miles (395 km) to the south of Halifax, Nova Scotia. The storm then moved into much cooler water temperatures, after it left the Gulf Stream. It quickly weakened as the convection quickly diminished, and it died out on July 18. What was left of the storm moved over Newfoundland before turning to the east-northeast.

The storm was said to be a gale storm when it was active. However, several months later, it was found that the storm did become a tropical cyclone. There were several reasons for this change.

When the storm came near Canada, a buoy recorded winds of 36 mph (56 km/h). It also recorded a wind gust of 44 mph (70 km/h). The storm lost a large amount of strength before it moved over Newfoundland. Because of this, there was no damage. The Atlantic Storm Prediction Centre sent out gale warnings for the storm.

Every year, the National Hurricane Center checks to make sure they did not miss any storms during the past tropical storm season. They found this storm on December 15, 2006, when they were studying the 2006 season. If the storm was found when it was active, it would have been called "Tropical Storm Beryl". It is guessed that the storm became a tropical cyclone at 39.1º N. This was the farthest north that any Atlantic storm in July became a tropical cyclone. This broke the past record that was set by Tropical Storm Arthur in 2002.



Nantucket, Massachusetts

Nantucket is an island 30 miles (48.3 km) south of Cape Cod, Massachusetts, in the United States. It is both a town and a county (Nantucket County).

Cape Hatteras

Cape Hatteras is a cape on the coast of North Carolina. It is the point that protrudes the farthest to the southeast along the northeast-to-southwest line of the Atlantic coast of North America, making it a key point for navigation along the eastern seaboard. So many ships have been lost around it that the area is known as the "Graveyard of the Atlantic". The nearby shoals are known as Diamond Shoals.

The Cape Hatteras Lighthouse is a well known feature on Cape Hatteras. It was built in 1870 and it is the tallest brick lighthouse in the United States.


Tropical Storm Alberto (1988)

Tropical Storm Alberto (also known as Hurricane Alberto) became a tropical storm farther north than any other Atlantic tropical cyclone. It was the first tropical storm of the 1988 Atlantic hurricane season. It started from a region of low pressure off of the coast of South Carolina on August 5. 

It quickly moved northeast. It became a tropical storm on August 7. It was about 60 miles (95 km) east of the Massachusetts island of Nantucket. 

Tropical Storm Alberto continued to move quickly, and struck the western area of Nova Scotia late on August 7. It lost its status as a tropical storm the next day when it reached north of Newfoundland. Alberto produced light rain and wind across its path. No damage came from it.

Tropical Storm Beryl (2006)

Tropical Storm Beryl was the third tropical storm of the 2006 Atlantic hurricane season. Developing from a tropical disturbance on July 18, it tracked northward, and strengthened to attain peak winds of 60 mph (95 km/h) under generally favorable conditions. After turning to the northeast, Beryl weakened over cooler waters. On July 21 it struck the island of Nantucket, and shortly thereafter it became extratropical. The extratropical remnants continued northeastward through Nova Scotia, and on July 22 it merged with an approaching cold front.

Beryl produced rough seas along the northeast United States coastline. In Massachusetts. Its impact was limited to light rainfall and gusty winds, with no reported damage. Beryl later produced moderate rainfall and gusty winds across Atlantic Canada, resulting in some localized power outages though little damage. No deaths were reported.

A cold front moved off the East Coast of the United States on July 16 and stalled off the coast of North Carolina. It slowly decayed into a surface low pressure trough, and developed into two disturbances; one was 290 miles (490 km) south-southeast of Cape Cod and another was 200 miles (320 km) south of Cape Hatteras, North Carolina. The first low quickly organized into an unnamed tropical storm, and the other area stayed broad and disorganized. However, by July 18, the system became much better organized with improved banding features, and the area developed into Tropical Depression Two while located 220 miles (355 km) south-southeast of Cape Hatteras.

The depression moved slowly to the north-northwest through a break in the subtropical ridge, and as convective banding features became more visible the system strengthened into Tropical Storm Beryl. Throughout much of its duration, the storm tracked through an environment with light vertical wind shear and well-established upper-level outflow. Shortly after becoming a tropical storm, the low-level circulation of Beryl became exposed with limited deep convection, though deep convection re-developed the following morning. Outflow continued to improve, and with warm sea surface temperatures Beryl slowly strengthened further to reach peak winds of 60 mph (95 km/h) early on July 20 about 120 miles (190 km) east of Nags Head, North Carolina.

Beryl maintained peak winds for about 18 hours as it paralleled the Mid-Atlantic and New Jersey coasts, during which an eye-like feature developed in the center of the convection. Late on July 20, it began a slow weakening trend after passing over cooler waters. Steering winds ahead of an approaching mid-level trough caused Beryl to speed up northeastward, and early on July 21 the center of the storm crossed the island of Nantucket. The convection diminished as it moved through progressively colder waters, and shortly after 1200 UTC on July 21 Beryl became an extratropical cyclone a short distance east of Cape Cod. Hours later, it made landfall in southwestern Nova Scotia, and on July 22 the extratropical remnants of Beryl merged with an approaching cold front over Newfoundland.

Forecasters originally predicted Beryl to brush the Carolinas; a tropical storm watch was issued for the eastern coast of North Carolina from Cape Lookout northward to Currituck Beach Lighthouse. When a more northeastward track became apparent, a tropical storm watch was issued about 33 hours before moving ashore from Woods Hole to Plymouth, Massachusetts, including Cape Cod, Nantucket, and Martha's Vineyard. About 22 hours before landfall, the National Hurricane Center replaced the watch with a tropical storm warning for the same area, and also issued a tropical storm watch from Woods Hole, Massachusetts westward to New Haven, Connecticut and for the eastern portion of Long Island from east of Fire Island to Port Jefferson. Expecting the storm, the Massachusetts Emergency Management Agency was activated as a trial run for the hurricane season. Local Red Cross chapters were opened, as well, with two volunteer teams placed on standby. Across southeastern Massachusetts, police departments maintained extra staff in preparation for any potential problems from the storm. Many fishermen secured their boats, while some business owners boarded up windows to prevent storm damage.

Several days prior to the passage of Beryl through Atlantic Canada, the Canadian Hurricane Centre issued gale warnings for the coastal waters off of Nova Scotia and Newfoundland. In anticipation of heavy rainfall, the agency also issued heavy rainfall warnings for western Nova Scotia, including Halifax.

The storm caused high waves along the East Coast of the United States, with 19 foot seas (5.97 m) in the open ocean. Waves along the southern coast of Nantucket reached 10 feet in height as the storm approached the island, resulting in four people being rescued by lifeguards from rip currents. High surf was also reported along the southern coast of Massachusetts and Rhode Island. Beryl also produced a storm surge of 0.9 feet on Nantucket. Winds across southeastern Massachusetts were fairly light, with no sustained tropical storm force winds and wind gusts peaking at 44 mph; unofficially gusts reached 51 mph.

Beryl dropped moderate precipitation just offshore, though the maximum precipitation total in the United States was only 0.97 inches (24.6 mm) on Nantucket. Rainfall along southeastern Massachusetts reached 0.33 inches at Chatham. The only reported damage were some downed telephone poles and fallen tree branches. Overall impact was minor; there were no reported power outages, deaths, injuries, or maritime emergencies in association with the storm.

The remnants of Beryl dropped moderate precipitation in Atlantic Canada, officially peaking at 2.8 inches (71 mm) in Scotts Bay, Nova Scotia with an unofficially higher total of 3.5 inches (88 mm); in some locations 1 inch of rain fell in an hour. Additionally, a station in Fredericton, New Brunswick reported 1.77 inches (45 mm) in 2 hours. The rainfall caused some flooding, with some overflown streams flooding some streets. Moderate winds were reported along its path, which peaked at 60 mph (96 km/h) in southern Nova Scotia. The winds downed some tree limbs and led to some power outages. Overall damage was minor.



1991 Halloween Nor'easter

The 1991 Halloween Nor’easter, also known as the Perfect Storm, was an atypical nor’easter which was extratropical, absorbed one hurricane, and ultimately evolved into a small hurricane late in its life cycle. The unnamed hurricane of 1991 was the last tropical cyclone of the 1991 Atlantic hurricane season, and its hurricane. By November 2, Atlantic Canada experienced the effects of a landfalling tropical storm. Damage totaled $208 million (1991 USD) and deaths climbed to 12 people. Most of the damage occurred while the storm was extratropical. The hurricane was the second costliest storm of the season, behind only Hurricane Bob.

Nor'easter

A nor'easter (also northeaster) is a big storm along the East Coast of the United States. A Nor'easter is called that because the winds in a Nor'easter come from the northeast, especially in the coastal areas of the Northeastern United States and Atlantic Canada. More specifically, it is a low pressure area whose center of rotation is just off the East Coast and whose leading winds in the left forward quadrant rotate onto land from the northeast. The precipitation pattern is similar to other extratropical storms. Nor'easters also can cause coastal flooding, coastal erosion, hurricane force winds, and heavy snow.
Nor'easters are associated with warm fronts, cold fronts, or occluded fronts.
Nor'easters can occur at any time of the year but are mostly known for their presence in the winter.
Nor'easters can be devastating and damaging, especially in the winter months, when most damage and deaths are from the cold. Nor'easters bring very cold air down from the Arctic. Nor'easters thrive on the converging air masses; that is, the polar cold air mass and the warmer ocean water of the Gulf Stream. Nor'easters will usually develop between 30° N. and 35° N.

East Coast of the United States

The East Coast of the United States, is the Atlantic coastline of the United States. It is also called the "Eastern Seaboard" or "Atlantic Seaboard". 

The coastal states are the farthest eastern states of the United States. These states touch the Atlantic Ocean all the way up to Canada. Sometimes people use it to mean only the Northeastern United States. Other times they mean the thirteen original states plus Maine, Washington, D.C. and Florida.

Nags Head, North Carolina

Nags Head is a town in Dare County, North Carolina, United States. The population was 3,168 at the 2020 census.


Cape Lookout (North Carolina)

Cape Lookout stands at 34°36'19"N, 76°32'10"W, and is part of Carteret County, 11 miles southeast of Beaufort, NC.

New Haven, Connecticut

New Haven is the second largest city in Connecticut, after Bridgeport, with a population of 134,023 at the 2020 census. "New Haven" may also refer to the wider Greater New Haven area, which has nearly 600,000 inhabitants in the immediate area. It is in New Haven County, on New Haven Harbor, on the northern shore of Long Island Sound.

The trial for the mutiny of the slave ship "Amistad" took place in New Haven.


Martha's Vineyard

Martha's Vineyard (and the smaller Chappaquiddick Island nearby) is an island off the southern coast of Cape Cod, both forming a part of the Outer Lands region. It is often called just "the Vineyard". With a land area of 87.48 square miles (231.75 km²), Martha's Vineyard is the 57th largest island in the United States. It is located in the U.S. state of Massachusetts, in Dukes County, which also includes Cuttyhunk and the other Elizabeth Islands, as well as the island of Nomans Land.

Woods Hole, Massachusetts

Woods Hole is a census-designated place and village within the town of Falmouth in Barnstable County, Massachusetts, at the extreme southwest corner of Cape Cod, near Martha's Vineyard and the Elizabeth Islands.

Carcinogen

Carcinogens are substances that cause cancer. Sometimes radiation or radionuclide are also considered carcinogens. A common example of a carcinogen is tobacco smoke. Carcinogens come from both natural and man-made substances.

Several radioactive substances are considered carcinogens. The carcinogens in them are caused by the radiation they release, such as gamma rays or alpha particles. 

CERCLA says that all radionuclides are carcinogens. How much of a carcinogen a radiation is depends on the type of radiation, the type of exposure to it and its penetration. For example, alpha radiation has low penetration and is not a danger outside the body. Alpha radiation is a carcinogen when breathed in or eaten.

Thorotrast, previously used in x-rays, is a human carcinogen. Marie Curie, one of the pioneers of radioactivity, died of a cancer that was caused by the radiation she was exposed to during her experiments.

Not all types of electromagnetic radiation are carcinogenic. Radio waves, microwave radiation, infrared radiation, and visible light are examples of this. Higher-energy radiation, including ultraviolet radiation, usually "is" carcinogenic, if a person is exposed to it long enough.

Recent research has shown that when food is cooked at high temperatures, carcinogens may be formed in very small amounts. Pre-cooking meats in a microwave oven for 2-3 minutes before broiling shortens the time on the hot pan. This could help stop the carcinogens from being made. Certain kinds of foods, like potato chips and French fries, may have higher levels of carcinogens than others. The charred residue on barbecued meats is a carcinogen, too.

This does not mean eating cooked foods is dangerous. The gastrointestinal tract sheds its outer layer continuously to protect itself from carcinomas. Because of this, it has a good chance of shedding bad enzymes that could cause cancer.



Port Jefferson, New York

The Incorporated Village of Port Jefferson is in the town of Brookhaven in Suffolk County, New York. It is on the North Shore of Long Island. As of the United States 2020 census, 7,962 people lived there. The small town is home to several unique restaurants and shops, and has a growing tourism industry.

Currituck Beach Lighthouse

The Currituck Beach Light is a lighthouse in Corolla, North Carolina, on the Outer Banks.


Fairchild Republic A-10 Thunderbolt II

The A-10 Thunderbolt II (also called the Warthog) is an attack aircraft made by Fairchild Republic. It first flew in 1972 and was introduced in 1977. It is designed to drop bombs, fire rockets, missiles, and its 30mm Gatling gun at enemies on the ground (such as tanks) with about 3500 rounds. It is named after the World War II P-47 Thunderbolt. Although not as fast as most military jets, it is tough, heavily armored, and can turn well. The A-10 is also used as a CAS (close air support) aircraft, which involves flying slowly over a battlefield and destroying enemy targets.

The A-10 is 53 feet, 4 inches (16.16 meters) long, 14 feet, 8 inches (4.42 meters) high, has a wingspan of 57 feet, 6 inches (17.42 meters), has a top speed 420 miles per hour, and can weigh 51,000 pounds (22,950 kilograms) at its heaviest. It is armed with a 30mm GAU-8 Gatling gun, and can carry multiple tons of bombs or missiles. It can also carry radar-jamming pods to avoid radar detection, and chaff, which can distract radar-guided missiles fired at the A-10.

While the A-10 has a lot of room on its wings to carry bombs and missiles, its main weapon is the front mounted gun, called the GAU-8 Avenger. It is a very long and heavy gun and is a both an autocannon (fires large bullets very fast) and Gatling gun (has more than one barrel, which spins while shooting). The Avenger is so big that the A-10 had to be designed around it, leading to a joke that the A-10 does not have a gun attached, but the Avenger has a plane attached. The A-10 is the only aircraft to use the Avenger. Other American planes use the smaller M61 Vulcan, also a Gatling cannon that uses smaller bullets.

Because the Avenger fires such big bullets (exploding artillery shells 3cm wide) at such a high rate of fire (up to 40 every second) many believe it can destroy any target very easily, even tanks with thick armor such as the M1 Abrams. However, while the bullet can go through thin metal on a car or truck, it cannot penetrate the thick metal walls of a tank. It can only destroy them because most tanks have thinner metal on the top to make them lighter. If an A-10 hits this thinner armor, then destruction is more likely, but if it hits the front or sides where the armor is thicker, then the tank crew and systems will survive. 

The A-10 is reportedly a rugged aircraft. On April 7, 2003, then-Captain Kim Campbell felt a loud hit to her A-10. The aircraft rolled left and pointed toward the ground. After trying other procedures, she turned off the hydraulics and flew the aircraft in manual reversion. The aircraft performed fine during the hour flight back to the air base. However, landing was tricky, because she had no brakes nor ground steering without hydraulics. 

Fire Island, New York

Fire Island is a barrier island, approximately 31 miles (49.5 km) long and varying between approximately 0.1 mile (0.16 km) to 0.5 mile (0.8 km) wide, in Suffolk County on the southern side of Long Island in the U.S. state of New York, running approximately WSW to ENE. The land area is 48 km² (18.7 sq mi) and a permanent population of 310 persons was reported as of the 2000 census. (There are many thousands of seasonal residents.)

The Cherry Grove and Fire Island Pines hamlets of Fire Island have been known as a popular gay village.


Plymouth, Massachusetts

Plymouth (historically known as Plimouth and Plimoth) is a town in Plymouth County, Massachusetts, United States. It is the largest municipality in Massachusetts by area. The population was 61,217 at the 2020 census. Plymouth is one of two county seats of Plymouth County, the other being Brockton. It is named after Plymouth, England, which is, in turn, named for the mouth of the river Plym. Plymouth was first settled by the Pilgrims in 1620. The first Thanksgiving was held there. It was the capitol of Plymouth Colony from 1620 until 1691, when it became part of Massachusetts. Plymouth was an important port in the 18th and 19th centuries.


Buix

Buix is a former municipality of the district of Porrentruy in the canton of Jura in Switzerland. On 1 January 2009 the former municipalities of Buix, Courtemaîche and Montignez merged into the new municipality of Basse-Allaine.

Bure, Switzerland

Bure is a municipality of the district of Porrentruy in the canton of Jura in Switzerland.

Charmoille, Switzerland

Charmoille was a municipality, in the new municipality of La Baroche and the district of Porrentruy in the canton of Jura in Switzerland.

Chevenez

Chevenez is a former municipality of the district of Porrentruy in the canton of Jura in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2009, the former municipalities of Chevenez, Damvant, Réclère and Roche-d'Or merged into the new municipality of Haute-Ajoie.

Coeuve

Coeuve is a municipality of the district of Porrentruy in the canton of Jura in Switzerland.

Cornol

Cornol is a municipality of the district of Porrentruy in the canton of Jura in Switzerland.

Courchavon

Courchavon is a municipality of the district of Porrentruy in the canton of Jura in Switzerland.

Courchavon is also famous for its Swiss chocolate.

Courgenay

Courgenay is a municipality of the district of Porrentruy in the canton of Jura in Switzerland.


2001: A Space Odyssey (movie)

2001: A Space Odyssey is a 1968 science fiction movie. It was directed by Stanley Kubrick. It was written by Kubrick and Arthur C. Clarke. The movie deals with human evolution, technology, artificial intelligence, and extraterrestrial life. The science aspects in the movie seem very real. It had new special effects. It used images and sound to show meaning and did not use much talking. The music at the beginning is the start of a symphonic poem by Richard Strauss called "Also Sprach Zarathustra".

It received some good and some bad reviews when it was released. Now "2001: A Space Odyssey" is recognized by critics as one of the greatest movies ever made; a sample of critics in 2002 placed it among the top ten movies of all time. It was nominated for four Academy Awards, and it was given an award for visual effects. In 1991, it was thought to be "culturally, historically, or aesthetically significant" (i.e. important for culture, history and aesthetics) by the United States Library of Congress and was chosen to be kept in their National Film Registry.

Xenogears

Xenogears is a 1999 roleplaying video game created by Squaresoft. The main character is named Fei and he does not like gears or fighting. The final boss that you must kill is god.

Metal Gear

Metal Gear is an action-adventure stealth video game franchise made by Konami.

The main character for the series is Solid Snake. He is a soldier who does sneaking (hiding) missions by himself, much like James Bond. He is a clone of a famous soldier named Big Boss. The games have a large amount of story about these two men and the things that happen to them. Many players say the games are like watching a James Bond movie or reading a book about spies.

The series is named after a type of robotic tanks for each games, whom Snake destroys each of them.

The latest game, Metal Gear Survive, was made for Playstation 4, Xbox One and PC.

MSX:


Nintendo Entertainment System:


For PlayStation:


For PlayStation 2:


For Game Boy:


For GameCube:


For PlayStation Portable:


For PlayStation 3:


Deus Ex (video game)

Deus Ex is a video game available on the personal computer. It is a first person shooter. The game is about a conspiracy in the future that involves the Illuminati and artificial intelligence.

The player plays as J.C. Denton, a cyborg who has to deal with problems like robots, men, and bombs. Denton has a brother and many employers. He has skills in the game that increase when goals are completed. For instance, if he needs to sneak up on men in the Army, the player might use a ventilation shaft and gain extra points, which can then be used like money to buy better aim with a pistol.

"Deus Ex" came out in 2000. It tried to say things about philosophy, knowledge, terrorism, and other things, much like "The Matrix". It is widely regarded as one of the best computer games and video games of all time. 


Ulysses (novel)

Ulysses is a novel by James Joyce. The complete book was first published in 1922, although parts of it had appeared earlier. It was an early example of "stream of consciousness" writing. This attempts to give the written equivalent of the character's thought processes, either in a loose interior monologue (see below), or in connection to his or her actions. Stream-of-consciousness writing is usually regarded as a special form of interior monologue.

The story takes place on 16 June 1904, and is about a man named Leopold Bloom, who walks around Dublin. The book also tells the story of Molly Bloom, his wife, and of Stephen Dedalus, a school teacher.

The book became famous for several reasons, but mainly because it is written in a new this style. The book is now thought to be important modernist literature. Many professors and teachers teach this book in universities and colleges.

Joyce first encountered Odysseus in Charles Lamb's "Adventures of Ulysses" - an adaptation of the "Odyssey" for children. This seemed to establish the Greek name in Joyce's mind. At school he wrote an essay on Ulysses as his 'favourite hero'. Joyce told Frank Budgen that he considered Ulysses the only all-round character in literature. He thought about calling "Dubliners" by the name "Ulysses in Dublin", but the idea grew from a story in "Dubliners" in 1906, to a 'short book' in 1907, to the vast novel which he began writing in 1914.



Gunpei Yokoi

, also romanized as Gumpei Yokoi, was a video game designer for Nintendo. He created the Game Boy and produced the "Metroid" series of video games. He was also a mentor to Shigeru Miyamoto. Yokoi's last invention, the Virtual Boy, was not a success. He left Nintendo and started a company called Koto Laboratory. His main product idea at this company was the WonderSwan, which came out in 1999, two years after he died.

A Portrait of the Artist as a Young Man

A Portrait of the Artist as a Young Man is a novel written by the Irish writer James Joyce. It was first printed as a book in 1916. It tells the story of Stephen Dedalus, a young man who is trying to be a writer in Dublin. The story begins from his childhood and ends with him deciding to go to Paris and leave Dublin, his hometown, to become a writer.

The book is written in a new style of writing called stream of consciousness. Therefore, the beginning of the book is very simple while the later parts become less simple. It shows how, when a person grows up, the language he or she uses becomes more and more complex.


Finnegans Wake

Finnegans Wake is the last book written by the Irish writer James Joyce. It was published in 1939.

He started to work on this book in 1924 and published parts of it under the titles "A New Unnamed Work" and "Work in Progress". He did not complete until seventeen years later, in 1939. During this time he faced many hardships, such as having no money, eye problems and family problems.

"Finnegans Wake" is a very hard book to read, even for people who read a lot of literature, because Joyce uses several languages and creates new words that come from combinations of old and new English and other languages as well. 
It can be understood as the story of Humphrey Chimpden Earwicker and his family. But it is an experiment more than a story.




Freerunning sleep

Freerunning sleep can be sleep which is not adjusted, "entrained", to the 24-hour cycle in nature. Sleep which is entrained to 24 hours but is not artificially regulated by alarm clocks etc. can also be called freerunning sleep.

Animals which are kept in a laboratory for research in "constant conditions", that is in constant light or constant dark, will "freerun". They live by their built-in circadian rhythms. Each day will be a little bit shorter or a little bit longer than 24 hours. It will be shorter if the animal's natural cycle is less than 24 hours long. The animals sleep and are active as usual, but their timing gets to be farther and farther off.

Scientists let the animals freerun and then do experiments to see what sort of signals are most effective at entraining them. They also experiment to see how long or short a cycle that animal can be entrained to. Some animals can be entrained to a 22-hour day, but they can not be entrained to a 20-hour day.

Light is the most effective signal. Some animals are quite easily entrained by the timing of meals. Exercise is a signal for some animals. Heat is not effective.

Sometimes people stay in a laboratory for a few days in very low light without any knowledge of the time. Such experiments show that adults, both older and younger, have a circadian cycle which is 24 hours and 11 minutes, on average.

Some people have a condition, a circadian rhythm sleep disorder, which makes them freerun all the time, even if they get out into daylight and eat regular meals. Many of these people are blind, but some of them can see. They have a long circadian cycle and they do not entrain. Scientists do not yet know why.

Some people believe they will be more healthy if they do not sleep on a regular schedule. They try to go to bed only when they are sleepy. They do not use alarm clocks. They call this freerunning, but since they are exposed to daylight and dark, it's not the same as freerunning as the scientists use the term.

Frederico Mompou

Federico (Frederic) Mompou (born Barcelona, 16 April 1893; died Barcelona 30 June 1987) was a Spanish (Catalan) composer. He is best known for his short works for solo piano and his songs.

Mompou was born in Barcelona (Spain), and studied piano there at the Conservatorio del Liceo. In 1911 he went to Paris. He was studying to be a concert pianist, but he was very shy, and decided to become a composer.

Although he left Paris and returned to Barcelona when World War I broke out in 1914, he went to Paris again in 1921 and stayed there until 1941 when, once again he went back to Catalonia, because the German army were invading Paris in World War II. He continued to lecture about his music until he had a stroke. He died at the age of 94.

Mompou is best known as a miniaturist (someone who composes short pieces). His music often sounds as if is being improvised. When he wrote his "Scènes d'enfants" (1915-18) a French music critic, Émile Vuillermoz, said he would be the next great composer after Debussy. Although he did not become as famous as Debussy, his musical style shows the influence of French Impressionism and of Erik Satie. He liked using short, repeated note-patterns (ostinati), imitations of bells, and a kind of thoughtful, religious sound which is heard in his piece called "John of the Cross." His music often uses the rhythms and modes of Catalan folkmusic.


Right triangle

A right triangle, (also called a right-angled triangle), has one angle that is 90 degrees. The other two angles always add up to 90 degrees but can be different sizes.
The side opposite to the right angle is the hypotenuse; it is the longest side in the right triangle. The other two sides are the legs or catheti (singular: cathetus) of the triangle.

Missing sides or angles of a right triangle can be found using trigonometry, the Pythagorean theorem, and many other ways.
In any triangle all the angles add up to 180 degrees.

List of social democratic parties

This is a list of parties in the world that consider themselves to be upholding the principles and values of social democracy. Some are also members of the Socialist International.



VIS Interactive

VIS Interactive was a video game company by WB Interactive. It was formed in 1996 by Chris van der Kuyl and Peter Baillie. The company also provided interactive content for Interactive Digital Television ("iTV") and broadband. VIS entertainment plc consisted of VIS Games and associated companies Axis Animation and VIS iTV. The company had over 100 employees.

On April 7, 2005, VIS filed for bankruptcy. Later in the month, all development work was cancelled and assets were sold to other developing companies.

Stream of consciousness (disambiguation)

Stream of consciousness is a famous phrase of the American psychologist and philosopher William James. It refers to the flow of thoughts in the conscious human mind.

The term could mean:

Stream of consciousness may also refer to:

Stream of consciousness writing

Stream of consciousness is a term used in literary criticism for a literary technique that reports the thought processes of a person. 

If it is done in context with the surrounding world it is called interior or internal monologue. That means it is unspoken, and in some cases could not be spoken. For example, in Mikhail Bulgakov's "Heart of a Dog" (1925) the first chapter is entirely based on the dog's unspoken thoughts on the world about him.

Stream-of-consciousness writing is typical for the modernist movement. The term was coined by William James in 1890 in his "Principles of Psychology". The use of the term in literature is attributed to May Sinclair. 

Several famous works that employ stream of consciousness are:

Courtedoux

Courtedoux is a municipality of the district of Porrentruy of the Canton of Jura, Switzerland.

Courtemaîche

Courtemaîche was a municipality of the district of Porrentruy in the canton of Jura in Switzerland. On 1 January 2009, the former municipalities of Courtemaîche, Buix and Montignez merged into the new municipality of Basse-Allaine.

Damphreux

Damphreux is a municipality of the district of Porrentruy in the canton of Jura in Switzerland.


Damvant

Damvant was a municipality in the district of Porrentruy in the canton of Jura in Switzerland. It is now part of the new municipality of Haute-Ajoie.

Fahy

Fahy is a municipality of the district of Porrentruy in the canton of Jura in Switzerland.

Benazir Bhutto

Benazir Bhutto (21 June 1953 – 27 December 2007) was a Pakistani politician who became the 11th and 13th prime minister of Pakistan. She served from 1988 to 1990 and then from 1993 to 1996. She made history as the first woman to lead a democratic government in a Muslim-majority country. Benazir Bhutto was a liberal and a secularist, and she played a significant role in the Pakistan People's Party (PPP) from the early 1980s until she was killed in 2007.

Born in Karachi to a politically influential and wealthy family with Sindhi and Kurdish roots, She studied at Harvard University and the University of Oxford. Her father, Zulfikar Bhutto, was a prominent leader of the PPP and served as prime minister. After her father's ousting and execution following a military coup in 1977, Benazir Bhutto, along with her mother Nusrat, took charge of the PPP and led the Movement for the Restoration of Democracy. She faced imprisonment under the military government of Muhammad Zia-ul-Haq and later chose self-exile in Britain in 1984.

Bhutto was the elder daughter of Zulfiqar Ali Bhutto and Nusrat Bhutto (née Ispahani).

Bhutto was the first woman elected to lead a Muslim state. She was elected Prime Minister of Pakistan twice. She was sworn in for the first time in 1988 but removed from office 20 months later under orders of then-president Ghulam Ishaq Khan on a belief that she was corrupt. In 1993 Bhutto was re-elected but was again removed in 1996 on similar charges, this time by President Farooq Leghari.

On December 27, 2007, Bhutto was shot to death while getting into a vehicle to leave a political meeting for the Pakistan Peoples Party in Rawalpindi before detonating an explosive vest. The exploding kills 24 people and wounded 43 others. She was 54 years old. She is called Shaheed-e-Jamhuriat (Martyr of Democracy) by her fans.


Sitar

The sitar ( or ; , Punjabi: ਸਿਤਾਰ, Urdu: ) is a plucked string instrument. It uses sympathetic strings along with a long hollow neck and a gourd resonating chamber to make a rich sound with complex harmonic resonance. It has been used throughout South Asia for many centuries. Sitar was invented by the Sufi singer Amir Khosrow in the 18th century.


Oud

The oud is a pear-shaped, stringed instrument. It is similar to a modern western lute. It does not have frets. It is commonly used in Middle Eastern music and East African music.


Pickup (music)

A pickup is a device that captures mechanical vibrations (usually from stringed instruments like the electric guitar, electric 
bass guitar or electric violin) and converts them to an electrical signal which can be amplified and recorded.

There are two main types of pickups. Piezo pickups are more common on acoustic guitars, and magnetic pickups on electric guitars. Some guitars have both kinds.

Piezo (short for piezoelectric) pickups contain a crystal that produces an electrical signal when physically vibrated. These work with all types of guitars, because all guitars vibrate when you play them.

Magnetic pickups contain magnets with wire wrapped around them. When a metal string vibrates near the magnet an electrical signal is produced in the wire. Some guitars (like classical guitars) have strings made of nylon or other things that aren't magnetic, and magnetic pickups don't work with these guitars. 


Pickup

Pickup can mean different things:


Vihuela

Vihuela is a name given to two different guitar-like string instruments: one from 16th century Spain, usually with 12 paired strings, and the other, the Mexican vihuela, from 20th century Mexico with five strings and typically played in Mariachi bands.


Mischa Barton

Mischa Anne Marsden Barton (born January 24, 1986) is an award-winning Anglo-American actress. She was born in Hammersmith, West London. She moved to New York City when she was six. She has British and American citizenship. She is best known for her role as Marissa Cooper on the American television series "The O.C."

According to TMZ she was arrested for DUI on December 27, 2007.

Range (music)

The range of a musical instrument is the distance from the lowest to the highest pitch it can play. For a singing voice, this is known as "vocal range".

Antonio Torres

Antonio De Torres Jurado (13 June 1817 – 19 November 1892) was a Spanish guitarist and guitar maker.

Torres Jurado is often respected among guitarists the same way Antonio Stradivari is respected among violinists. His work established the shape, design, and construction of the modern classical guitar.

George Beauchamp

George D. Beauchamp (1899 - 1941) was an inventor of musical instruments and co-founder of National Stringed Instrument Corporation and Rickenbacker.

Born in Texas, he played the violin and the lap steel guitar in Vaudeville before going into the business of then manufacturing of electric lap steel guitars, electric guitars, electric bass guitars, electric violins and combo instrument amplifiers. He is well known for his creation of the Frying pan electric guitar. He died in Los Angeles, California while deep-sea fishing.


Danelectro

Danelectro is an American company that makes musical instruments and accessories. Their main products are guitars, bass guitars, amplifiers and effects units. The company was founded by Nathan Daniel in 1947 in Red Banks, New Jersey. Jimi Hendrix is among the many well-known guitarists to have used Danelectro. The company is headuartered in Camarillo, California


Book of Numbers

The Book of Numbers in the Bible is the fourth book in the Old Testament. It is called a book of Moses because it contains the story of Moses and the Israelites when they wander throughout the wilderness before ending up at Israel (also known as Canaan/Palestine), where God promised they will settle (the promised land).

The book is called Numbers because at the start God ordered a counting of the people (a census) in the twelve tribes of Israel. After counting all the men who are over twenty and fit to fight, the Israelites began to travel in well-ordered divisions, with God in the middle with the Ark of the Covenant. 

In Hebrew, the book is called Bemidbar (בַּמִּדְבָּר), which means 'in the desert.' This is because Moses and the Hebrew people wandered in the Egyptian desert for 40 years, fleeing from the Pharaoh after hundreds of years of slavery. When the people found that Israel was filled with strong and powerful people of other races, they became scared and rebelled against God and Moses. As a result of their bad behavior, therefore, God punished them by making the Israelites travel forty years before they could settle in Israel, the promised land. This was also so that the next generation of Israelites would enter the promised land, following the death of the previous, badly-behaved generation.

Moses and the Hebrew people are escaping Egypt. They travel through Sinai. Some people complain, insult God, insult Moses. God punishes them. They send 12 spies to see what the promised land, Israel, is like. Two came back saying it is nice. Ten came back saying it is not nice and filled with "giants". So the Israelites do not go. God becomes angry and punishes them. They have to wander the desert for 40 years.

Some people complain about God, and God punishes them (e.g. by giving one leprosy, a nasty disease). The complaints deal with the lack of good food and water, and the difficulty of life in the desert. The food they are given is called manna and quail, which God sends raining down from the sky above. Their ingratitude is an example of the human inclination of moaning rather than being thankful for what one has, which in their case was the ultimate liberation from centuries of wicked slavery. The Levites help Moses pray at the tabernacle. 

Moses and the Israelites set for Moab, on the eastern border of Canaan (an earlier name for the promised land). The Israelites become thirsty and blame Moses for lack of water. God tells Moses to talk to a rock to bring out water. Moses hits the rock with his staff instead. For this wrong act, God tells Moses he can never enter the promised land. God punishes the people by preventing them from entering the promised land. They try to find another way. Aaron dies. The Israelites curse at God. They are then attacked by nasty fiery flying serpents. God tells Moses to make a brass serpent (the Nehushtan) and put it on a pole. Whoever looks at that brass serpent is cured of the bite of the serpents. 

The Israelites arrive at Moab. Moses names Joshua the new leader, who is tasked with completing their journey into Israel. The land is then divided between various tribes.



Allegra Versace

Allegra Versace (born in Milan on 30 June 1986) is the daughter of designer Donatella Versace and ex-fashion model Paul Beck.

Allegra, a 50% owner of the Versace fashion design business, is a sufferer from anorexia nervosa.


Rickenbacker

Rickenbacker International Corporation, also known as Rickenbacker () ), is an American company that makes electric guitars. The company invented the first electric guitar during the 1930s. The guitars are made at its headquarters in Santa Ana, California. Rickenbacker is the largest guitar company to make all of their guitars within the United States.


Donatella Versace

Donatella Versace (born 2 May 1955) is an Italian fashion designer and a current part-owner of the Versace fashion line. She is now their chief designer.

She was born in Reggio Calabria. She owns 20 percent of the entire stock market assets of Versace. Her brother, Santo Versace, owns 30 percent. Donatella's daughter Allegra Versace inherited 50% of the company stock. They inherited the company from Donatella's brother Gianni Versace after he was murdered.

A year and three days after Gianni's death in July 1998, Donatella Versace mounted her first couture show for the Versace Atelier at the Hôtel Ritz Paris. She built her runway over the hotel's swimming pool, using sheer glass. She now oversees the production of a dozen collections each year. Donatella is just as famous for her celebrity entourage and glittering parties. Regular guests include Sir Elton John, Elizabeth Hurley, Rakeem Young, Catherine Zeta-Jones and Kate Moss. Even Prince Charles attends Donatella's parties for the famous and elite in Europe.

Lady Gaga wrote the song "Donatella" from her 2013 album "Artpop" for Versace.


Ministry of Justice of Germany

The Federal Ministry of Justice is a ministry of the Federal Republic of Germany .

Germany has five "Classic Ministries", rather like the United Kingdom's "Great Offices of State".

The classic ministries are:

The Reich Justice Office was created in 1875. It was a part of the Chancellor's department until 1 January 1877 when it became independent. The first Minister of Justice was appointed in 1919, when the Office of Justice became the "Reichsministerium der Justiz" of the Weimar Republic

The Federal Minister of Justice heads the Ministry. He has two senior assistants.

Germany is a federal country. The administration of the justice and criminal prosecution is mainly a matter for the federal states.

The federal ministry's main job is ensuring that federation and the states, and all laws, keep within the "Rule of Law".

The ministry oversees the writing of new laws, and the changing or the abolition of existing laws in these areas:

The ministry also oversees the laws about qualifying and working as a judge, prosecutor, lawyer or notary

The ministry has also been responsible for the legal problems after the reunification of Germany. This meant changing a lot of criminal and administrative law. Also professional rehabilitation was needed. Judges and lawyers were just some of the people who were used to working in the communist system, and now had to change.

Furthermore, the ministry checks that all laws and ordinances prepared by other ministries do not break the constitution.

The Ministry publishes the official newspaper the "Bundesgesetzblatt" the Federal Law Gazette und "Bundesanzeiger" the Federal Gazette. It also prepares the elections of Judges to the Bundesverfassungsgerichts and the highest level of federal courts.

Learning by teaching

In professional education, learning by teaching means a method that trains pupils and students to prepare and to teach lessons, or parts of lessons. This method is designed to teach them better understanding than any method where the teacher talks to the pupils and gives them work they have to prepare.
Learning by teaching should not be confused with presentations or lectures by students, because they have to do much more. They have to choose their own methods and didactic approaches in teaching classmates that subject. And it is something else than tutoring, because the teacher gives continuous support when they prepare teaching.



Jean-Pol Martin

Jean-Pol Martin (born 1943, Paris, France) was a professor for foreign language teaching in Germany. He established the teaching method learning by teaching, a method for students to learn by teaching their peers. This concept has developed into a common practice throughout Germany and has been experimented with in other countries.

Martin was born in 1943 in Paris and went to Germany in 1968. He studied German and French in order to become a teacher at a German grammar school, becoming a professor for foreign language teaching didactics at the Catholic University of Eichstätt-Ingolstadt (Bavaria) in 1980. In that year he had the idea to let the students teach their peers in French. That experience was successful, so he could establish the "Lernen durch Lehren" (LdL) (learning by teaching) method in Germany. He was the first scholar to do active research on that topic for 25 years, building a wide network with several thousand teachers and promoting it to a large scale. All teachers in Germany are trained in that method during their pedagogic studies.



Tutor

A tutor is a person who teaches or guides another person. Usually, the tutor is an older expert who teaches a younger learner. Early examples were Socrates, who taught philosophy by holding conversations with his students, and Aristotle, who was appointed the personal tutor of Alexander the Great when the latter was a youth.

The essence of a tutor's work is to adjust the teaching to the individual learner. The tutor has to take account of: 

The idea is that a tutor teaches, or 'moulds' the student as a whole. However, there is an obvious difference between the tutor's need for topical knowledge and his or her need for 'people skills'. The system operated at the older colleges of Oxford University recognises this by appointing two tutors to a student: a subject-matter tutor and a moral tutor. The latter helps the student with problems of a personal nature.

Education by a tutor is often thought to be an ideal kind of education, because the tutor can adjust the learning to suit one student. However, the word is often misused. If students are taught in groups larger than three or four, then much that makes a tutorial special is lacking.

High achievers in fields like music, mathematics and chess may be tutored when classroom methods do not meet their needs.

There are parallels in other walks of life. Sports people have coaches, and the job of a coach is very similar to that of a tutor. A guru might be regarded as a kind of tutor. A mentor is a kind of tutor. Parents with children do much that a tutor does.

In Australian, New Zealand, and some Canadian universities, a tutor is often but not always a postgraduate student or a lecturer who conducts a seminar for undergraduate students. These seminars are often known as a tutorial. 

In the United States and the rest of Canada, a tutor is known as a teaching assistant.

Historically, the term "tutor" has assumed a simple relationship between an expert older person and a young learner. With the huge classes of a modern university the one-to-one relationship between tutor and learner is all but dead and buried. The tutor sets MCQs (multiple choice questions) and the mass of students learn a set text by rote learning. The tests are easy to mark, and the marking is done by a graduate student who gets paid for the work.

In English and Irish secondary schools, form tutors are similar to American home room teachers. They are in charge of a group of students in a particular year group.

In the United States, peer tutors are students teaching other students of the same or similar age or grade level. When peer tutors are trained how to tutor correctly, peer tutoring is both cost effective and academically effective.



Great Offices of State

The Great Offices of State are the four most important cabinet jobs in the United Kingdom.

Only one person has ever held all four, James Callaghan, who was Prime Minister from 1976 to 1979.

The four posts are

The King asks the Prime Minister to form a Government following a General Election. The Party who has the Majority in the House of Commons is usually asked to form.

The Chancellor, Foreign and Home Secretary are also appointed by the King. These are on the advice of the Prime Minister. Its more of a formality for the King to appoint as the decision is taken by the Prime Minister. This is the same for the other Cabinet Ministers. 

Foreign Secretary

The Secretary of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs (known as the Foreign Secretary) is the Minister in charge of the United Kingdom's Foreign and Commonwealth Office. In many countries this job is called Foreign minister.

Until the 1960s, the Foreign Secretary only handled relations with foreign countries and international organisations. There was a separate Commonwealth Secretary and a Colonial Secretary, but all three are now joined into one.

David Cameron has been Foreign Secretary since 13 November 2023.

The Foreign Secretary's is one of the four Great Offices of State.

Hermetschwil-Staffeln

Hermetschwil-Staffeln was a municipality of the district of Bremgarten in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland. On 1 January 2014, the former municipality of Hermetschwil-Staffeln merged into the municipality of Bremgarten.

Herznach

Herznach is a municipality of the district of Laufenburg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.


Hilfikon

Hilfikon was a municipality of the district of Bremgarten in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Since 2010, it is part of the municipality of Villmergen.

Claudine Monteil

Claudine Monteil (born 1949) is a French writer and women's rights specialist. She holds a PhD on Simone de Beauvoir's writings and life. She was inspired by the example of her mother, Dr Josiane Serre, a chemist and president of the École Normale Supérieure de Jeunes Filles (ex-Sèvres), the equivalent of one of the Seven Sisters. Her father is the mathematician Jean-Pierre Serre, Fields medal and Abel prize.

Dr Monteil is one of the founders of the women's rights movement in 1970. She is also a specialist on Simone de Beauvoir. While working on women's rights, she was a long close friend of Beauvoir, Jean-Paul Sartre and Beauvoir's sister, the painter Hélène de Beauvoir. 

Her writings on the Beauvoirs, Sartre and French feminism, have been translated into multiple languages:


Claudine Monteil has also written a biography on Charlie Chaplin with his wife Oona Chaplin. 


Fontenais

Fontenais is a municipality of the district of Porrentruy in the canton of Jura in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2013, the former municipality of Bressaucourt merged into the municipality of Fontenais.

Fregiécourt

Fregiécourt was a municipality, in the new municipality of La Baroche and the district of Porrentruy in the canton of Jura in Switzerland.

Grandfontaine, Switzerland

Grandfontaine is a municipality of the district of Porrentruy in the canton of Jura in Switzerland.

Hirschthal

Hirschthal is a municipality of the district of Aarau of the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

<br>

Mortification

Mortification is a Christian extreme metal band from Australia. The band was formed in 1990.



Lugnez

Lugnez is a municipality of the district of Porrentruy in the canton of Jura in Switzerland.

Holderbank

Holderbank can mean:

Two municipalities of Switzerland:

Holderbank, Aargau

Holderbank is a municipality of the district of Lenzburg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Miécourt

Miécourt was a municipality, in the new municipality of La Baroche and the district of Porrentruy in the canton of Jura in Switzerland. The French language is the most people's first language in this town.

Steve Rowe

Steve Rowe (born January 1965 in Melbourne) is an Australian bassist. He is the founder of the Christian extreme metal band Mortification.


Montenol

Montenol was a municipality of the district of Porrentruy in the canton of Jura in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2009, the former municipalities of Montenol, Epauvillers, Epiquerez, Montmelon, Ocourt, Saint-Ursanne and Seleute merged into the new municipality of Clos du Doubs

Holziken

Holziken is a municipality of the district of Kulm in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Montignez

Montignez was a municipality of the district of Porrentruy in the canton of Jura in Switzerland. On 1 January 2009, the former municipalities of Montignez, Buix and Courtemaîche merged into the new municipality of Basse-Allaine.

Hornussen, Aargau

Hornussen was a municipality of the district of Laufenburg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland. On 1 January 2022, the former municipalities of Bözen, Effingen, Elfingen and Hornussen merged to form the new municipality of Böztal.

Hottwil

Hottwil was a municipality, in the new municipality of Mettauertal and district of Brugg in canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Montmelon

Montmelon was a municipality in the district of Porrentruy in the canton of Jura in Switzerland. Since 1 January 2009, it is a part of the new municipality Clos du Doubs.

The municipality is made of several villages and of many spread out farms. The municipality has about 100 people living there, many of them are farmers.

Hunzenschwil

Hunzenschwil is a municipality of the district of Lenzburg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Extreme metal

Extreme metal describes a mixture of heavy metal music subgenres formed since the 1980s. Extreme metal is much harsher than other heavy metal. It is also underground, or less commercial.



Islisberg

Islisberg is a municipality of the district of Bremgarten in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Ocourt

Ocourt was a municipality, in the new municipality of Clos du Doubs and district of Porrentruy of the canton of Jura in Switzerland.

Ittenthal

Ittenthal was a municipality, in the municipality of Kaisten and district of Laufenburg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Jonen

Jonen is a municipality of the district of Bremgarten in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Kaiseraugst

Kaiseraugst is a municipality of the district of Rheinfelden in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Kaiserstuhl, Aargau

Kaiserstuhl was a municipality of the district of Zurzach in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland. On 1 January 2022, the former municipalities of Bad Zurzach, Baldingen, Böbikon, Kaiserstuhl, Rekingen, Rietheim, Rümikon and Wislikofen merged to form the new municipality of Zurzach.

Kaisten, Aargau

Kaisten is a municipality of the district Laufenburg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland. On 1st January 2010 the former municipality of Ittenthal merged into the municipality of Kaisten.


Kallern

Kallern is a municipality of the district of Muri in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Killwangen

Killwangen is a municipality of the district of Baden in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

The village is in the Limmat river valley between Baden and Zürich.

Limmat

The Limmat is a river in Switzerland that flows northwest until it joins into the river Aare north of the small town of Brugg.

Its name comes from Linth and Maag the main tributaries of the lake of Zürich.

The main tributaries of the Limmat river are the Sihl (in Zürich) and the Reppisch (in Dietikon).

This river is one of the main providers of hydroelectric power in Switzerland.


Kirchleerau

Kirchleerau is a municipality of the district of Zofingen in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Klingnau

Klingnau is a municipality of the district of Zurzach in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Koblenz (disambiguation)

The name comes from the Latin word "confluentiae" (= Eng. "confluence") and means the joining of two rivers. There are several places named Koblenz:


Koblenz, Switzerland

Koblenz (or Coblenz) is a municipality of the district of Zurzach in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.


Asshole

Asshole (or arsehole in British English) is slang for the anus and is also used as a word to hurt people's feelings. It's made up from the word "arse", which has been used for a long time as another name for the anus. This was first added to the word "hole" in the sixteenth century in books, but may have been used in talking a long time before that. By the 1970s, Hustler magazine featured people they did not like as "Asshole of the month."

Asshole is mainly used as a bad word towards someone that the speaker does not like. 
You could not say "asshole" on normal television in the US until the early 1990s, but it was sometimes in PG-13 and R rated films before this.

In 2000, during a Labor Day event, George W. Bush made an off-hand remark to his running mate, Dick Cheney, that "New York Times" reporter Adam Clymer was a "major league asshole."

Gene Simmons of rock band Kiss released a solo album called "Asshole" which also featured a song of the same name. Denis Leary also had a song called "Asshole" in 1993. 

Words similar to "asshole" are "asshat", "assclown", "asstard", "asspat" and "asspit".

Religious debates over the Harry Potter series

Religious debates over the "Harry Potter" series of books by J. K. Rowling are usually because people say the books have occult or Satanic parts. These sayings come from some Protestant, Catholic, and Orthodox Christians. It also comes from Muslims who argue against the series.

A great number of people have replied to these claims. People who support the series say that the magic in "Harry Potter" is not really like occultism. They say it is more like fairy tales like "Cinderella" and "Snow White". They also suggest that it is more like the works of C. S. Lewis and J. R. R. Tolkien. Both writers are known for writing fantasy novels with Christian values. Some argue that the "Harry Potter" novels try hard not to discuss religion at all.

In the United States, people tried to get the books banned in schools. Their argument was that witchcraft is a registered religion, so letting the books in schools went against the separation of church and state. This then went to court to decide whether it was against the freedom of religion.

However, sometimes religion has supported the "Harry Potter" series. "At least as much as they've been attacked from a theological point of view", says Rowling, "[the books] have been lauded (praised) and taken into pulpit, and most interesting and satisfying for me, it's been by several different faiths".


Dr Pepper

Dr Pepper is a soft drink (soda) similar to Coca Cola in its color. Each can of Dr Pepper contains 150 calories.

c. 2006: "Get Berried in Cream" USA (used for the new Berries and Cream flavor) 


Pleujouse

Pleujouse was a municipality in the district of Porrentruy in the canton of Jura in Switzerland. Since 1 January 2009, it is part of the new municipality of La Baroche

Porrentruy

Porrentruy () is a Swiss municipality in the canton of Jura. It is the seat of the district of the same name.

Réclère

Réclère was a municipality, in the new municipality of Haute-Ajoie and district of Porrentruy in the canton of Jura in Switzerland.

Roche-d'Or

Roche-d'Or was a municipality, in the new municipality of Haute-Ajoie and district of Porrentruy in the canton of Jura in Switzerland.

Rocourt

Rocourt was a municipality of the district of Porrentruy in the canton of Jura in Switzerland. On 1 January 2018, the former municipality of Rocourt merged into the municipality of Haute-Ajoie.

Kölliken

Kölliken is a municipality of the district of Zofingen in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Künten

Künten is a municipality of the district of Baden in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Küttigen

Küttigen is a municipality of the district of Aarau of the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Saint-Ursanne

Saint Ursanne (population about 1,000) is a city and was a municipality, in the new municipality of Clos du Doubs and district of Porrentruy in the canton of Jura, Switzerland. It has has kept its medieval style.

Its name refers to Saint Ursicinus, a 7th century monk who made a monastery there.


Laufenburg, Aargau

Laufenburg is a municipality of the Swiss canton of Aargau. It is the capital city of the district with the same name.

Since 2010, Sulz is part of the municipality.

<br>


Leibstadt

Leibstadt is a municipality of the district of Zurzach in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Leimbach, Aargau

Leimbach is a municipality in Kulm in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Lengnau

Lengnau may be one of the following municipalities in Switzerland:


Leuggern

Leuggern is a municipality of the district of Zurzach in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.


Leutwil

Leutwil is a municipality in Kulm in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Lengnau, Aargau

Lengnau is a municipality of the district of Zurzach in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Linn, Aargau

Linn was a municipality, in the new municipality of Bözberg and district of Brugg in canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Lupfig

Lupfig is a municipality of the district of Brugg in canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2018, the former municipality of Scherz merged into the municipality of Lupfig.

480

The year 480 was a leap year starting on Tuesday of the Julian calendar, and in Roman numerals it is CDLXXX. 





Magden

Magden is a municipality of the district of Rheinfelden in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.


Mägenwil

Mägenwil is a municipality in Baden in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Mandach

Mandach is a municipality in Brugg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Meisterschwanden

Meisterschwanden is a municipality of the district of Lenzburg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Mellikon

Mellikon is a municipality of the district of Zurzach in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Mellingen

Mellingen is a municipality in Baden in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Altoids

Altoids are a brand of breath mints and candies that have been sold since the 1800s. There are many different flavors and varieties of Altoids.

Mints are sold in tin boxes, are round, and come in six flavors: Peppermint, Cinnamon, Wintergreen, Spearmint, and Arctic Strawberry. They are the most popular product produced under the Altoids brand.

Sours are hard candies that are round. They come in six flavors: Tangerine, Citrus, Raspberry, Apple, Mango, and Passion Fruit. They were discontinued in 2015.

Altoids gum is sugar-free, which means there is no sugar inside the gum. They come in six flavors: Peppermint, Spearmint, Cinnamon, Wintergreen, Cherry, and Apple. 

Breath Strips came in two flavors: Cinnamon and Peppermint. Since 2007, the product was discontinued, which means that the company is not selling them anymore. This product is discontinued.

The official Altoids website 

Menziken

Menziken is a municipality of the district of Kulm in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Merenschwand

Merenschwand is a municipality of the district of Muri in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

The municipality of Benzenschwil merged on 1 January 2012 into Merenschwand.

The Red Jumpsuit Apparatus

The Red Jumpsuit Apparatus is an American band. Since the band formed in 2003 in Jacksonville, Florida, they have made four albums and five EPs.



Monción

Monción is a city and municipality of the Santiago Rodríguez province, in northwestern Dominican Republic. Its old name was "Guaraguanó", a Taíno name that sometimes is used. The Municipio of Monción was founder by Joaquin Izquierdo, Anastasio Valle, Tomás Genao, Luis José Saldá, Dionicio Bueno y Siriaco Peralta.

The town was founded by people that came to look for gold in the Mao river and other rivers of the region. Later, some families came to live here to cut the many trees, mainly pines, that were around the town.

On 9 April 1884, it was created the "Puesto Cantonal de Guaraguanó" in the Monte Cristi province. "Puesto Cantonal" was similar to a municipality; in English, "County (Military) Post". On 23 March 1898, the name of "Guaraguanó" was changed to the present name, "Monción", in honor of "Benito Monción", one of the heroes of the Restoration War against Spain.

When the Santiago Rodríguez province was created in 1948, Monción was one of the municipalities of that new province.

The municipality had, in , a total population of 11,753: 6,069 men and 5,684 women. The urban population was of the total population.

Monción is on the northern side of the "Cordillera Central" ("Central mountain range") and has a total area of , about of the total area of the province of Santiago Rodríguez. The city is an elevation of , and at to the southeast of Sabaneta, the capital of the province.

It does not have any municipal district (a municipal district is a subdivision of a municipality).

The municipality of Monción has the Valverde province to the north, the Santiago province to the west and south, and the municipality of Sabaneta to the west.

Monción has a tropical wet and dry/savanna climate (Köppen-Geiger classification: Aw) with a pronounced dry season in winter.

The average amount of rainfall for the year in the city is . The month with the most precipitation on average is May with of rainfall, followed by October with .

The driest season is winter. The month with the least rainfall on average is January with an average of and the second is February with .

Monción is in a warm region; the average temperature for the year is . The warmest month, on average, is August with an average temperature of . The coolest month on average is January, with an average temperature of .

The main economic activity of the municipality is farming. Monción is the centre of production of "casabe" (a kind of bread, of Taíno origin, made with the flour of manioc).

Schwyz

Schwyz can mean:

Guayacanes

Guayacanes is a village in the province of Ciego de Ávila, Cuba.


American Cooperative School of Tunis

The American Cooperative School of Tunis or ACST is a comprehensive non-profit private high school in Tunis, Tunisia. The school has more than 500 students in grades K-12,

The school is widely known for its International Baccalaureate Diploma Program which it has used since 2000. It is currently the only IB World School in Tunisia.

The American Cooperative School of Tunis was founded in 1959, originally as an American Grade School only teaching Grades K-8. A ninth grade was added in 1982 and a tenth grade in 1993. Eleventh and twelfth grade was added in 1995 and 1996 respectively with the first graduating class being the class of June 1997.


Ginny Weasley

Ginevra "Ginny" Molly Weasley is a fictional character of J.K. Rowling's famous series of fantasy novels, Harry Potter. She is a Gryffindor. Ginny was born on August 11th 1981, thus making her one year younger than Harry Potter. She developed a crush on Harry when she first lays her eyes on him. Harry doesn't develop a crush on her until her fifth year. He later breaks up with her to keep her safe from Voldemort. She later marries Harry and they have three children; James Sirius, Albus Severus and Lily Luna Potter. Ginny is described as a freckled young girl with flaming red hair, which she often wear in a mane closely resembles a lion's mane. She is the youngest child of the Weasley family and the only daughter in seven children: Bill, Charlie, Percy, Fred, George, Ron, and Ginny. She is also the only girl to born into the Weasley family in seven consecutive generations. In the Harry Potter films she is portrayed by Bonnie Wright.

Fucking Åmål

The movie was written and directed by Lukas Moodysson and was his first full-length movie. Alexandra Dahlström and Rebecka Liljeberg are "Elin" and "Agnes". "Fucking Åmål" won four Guldbagge Awards at the 1999 awards ceremony. The movie was not filmed in Åmål, the city that gives the name to the movie, but in Trollhättan, another small city in Sweden. The movie is really famous in lesbian environments around the world.

The movie tells the story of two girls, Agnes and Elin, who go to school in the small town of Åmål. Elin is outgoing and popular, but finds her life unsatisfying and dull. Agnes, by contrast, has no friends and is constantly depressed. Agnes has a crush on Elin, but cannot find any way to express it. Agnes's parents worry about their daughter and try to make her happy. They throw a birthday party for her, but Agnes is afraid no one will come. Her friend, a girl in a wheelchair, shows up and Agnes shouts at her in front of her parents, telling her they are only friends because no one wants to make friends with either of them. Elin arrives late at Agnes's house, mainly as an excuse to avoid going to a different party, where there will be a boy she wants to avoid. Elin's older sister, Jessica, who comes with her, dares her to kiss Agnes, who is rumoured to be a lesbian. Elin fulfils the dare, and then runs away. Elin soon discovers that she is attracted to Agnes but is afraid to admit it. She pretends to be in love with Johan Hult, the boy she avoided at the start. She loses her virginity to him, but later breaks up with him, telling him that she is in love with someone else, truly she understand that boys want just sex from the girls, so she try to see around herself, and she discovers the love for Agnes. Elin and Agnes eventually show each other's feelings at the end of the movie, where, after a climactic scene in a school bathroom, they decide to "out" their relationship to all students in the school.



Mateo Alemán

Mateo Alemán y de Enero (Seville, Spain, 1547 – 1615? in Mexico) was a Spanish writer.

He graduated at Seville University in 1564 and later studied at Salamanca and Alcalá. From 1571 to 1588 held a post in the treasury. He was descended from Jews who were made to converted to Catholicism after 1492. One of his forebears had been burned by the Inquisition for secretly continuing to practice Judaism. In 1599, he published the first part of "Guzmán de Alfarache". It was a well liked book which was printed in at least sixteen editions in five years.

In 1571 he married Catalina de Espinosa. It was not a happy marriage. He was constantly in money difficulties and was imprisoned for debt at Seville at the end of 1602.

In 1608, Alemán moved to America. It is said that he worked as a printer in Mexico. His "Ortografía castellana" (1609), published in Mexico, contains ideas for the reform of Spanish spelling. Nothing is known of Alemán after 1609, but it is sometimes believed that he was still living in 1617.

Rebecka Liljeberg

Rebecka Månstråle Liljeberg (born 13 May 1981) is a Swedish actress.

She was born in Turinge, about 40 km southwest of Stockholm, and moved around Sweden for much of her youth. Liljeberg's mother was relatively young when she was born, and her parents divorced when she was one year old. At the age of 9 (1991), Liljeberg began her acting career when she won a role in the series "Sunes jul". Between 1993 and 1997, she became played in amateur theatre, which she continued with until gaining a role in the movie "Närkontakt" later in 1997. The following year she won her breakthrough role in the Lukas Moodysson movie "Fucking Åmål". For the movie she stopped his study in high school to take up the role, which ultimately won her the 1999 Guldbagge Award for Best Actress, together with Alexandra Dahlström. After her roles in "Fucking Åmål" and "Sherdil", Liljeberg began an adult education course in order to graduate from high school. While studying, she also played in "Bear's Kiss", and voiced a character in the Swedish version of IMAX movie "T-Rex: Back to the Cretaceous". In 2002, she completed the adult education course, and is now studying medicine at the Karolinska Institute to become a pediatrician.

Liljeberg is known to enjoy working with computers. She wrote for a Swedish newspaper Svenska Dagbladet for some time. Liljeberg also contributed to UNESCO's "Utrymme" anthology of twenty works from young writers around the world. Liljeberg now lives in Stockholm with her boyfriend Alexander Skepp. They have two children: Harry Theodor, born in June 2002 and Vera, born on 1 January, 2005. Liljeberg expressed a desire to work with director Lukas Moodysson again.


Alexandra Dahlström

Alexandra Dahlström (born February 12, 1984) is a Swedish actress. She was born in Gävle, Sweden, and grew up in Stockholm. Her mother is Russian, and her father Swedish. She speaks Swedish, Russian, French, German, English, and Italian.

Dahlström gained international attention in 1998, after starring as "Elin" in the movie "Fucking Åmål". For this, she won the Guldbagge Award for Best Actress, together with Rebecka Liljeberg. After "Fucking Åmål" she receiving numerous offers to work in other movies, but she declined the offers, because she wanted to concentrate on finishing school. In 2002, Dahlström worked as assistant director and Russian translator,for Lukas Moodysson, with his movie "Lilya 4-ever". From the 5 March 2007 Alexandra will be participating in the Dutch soap opera Goede Tijden, Slechte Tijden on RTL 4. She will play a Swedish exchanges student called Skylar Nilsson.

She lived alone in Stockholm after graduating high school. She continued to act in theatre. After a several-year break, Dahlström again starred in the movie "Fröken Sverige" (Miss Sweden) gaining nice comments. During the autumn of 2004 she was the DJ for the biggest late night talk show in Sweden, called 'Late Night with Luuk', which she had been originally interviewed on in May 1998 with Rebecka Liljeberg for her acting in "Fucking Åmål". After completing her studies, she now lives in Rome, Italy and is again pursuing a serious acting career.



Search engine optimization

Search engine optimization (SEO) is making websites appear as a top result when someone searches for a term. The search term is called a "keyword". The results of the search are displayed in search engine's results pages (SERPS) such as those given by Google, Bing, Baidu, Yahoo!, DuckDuckGo, Yandex, Naver, Ask, Aolsearch, Seznam. Another term used to describe search engine optimization is internet marketing or search engine marketing.

On-page SEO, or on-site SEO, is optimizing web pages and content for the users and search engines. It refers to the elements and attributes of a website, such as content, HTML, system, CSS, and internal links.

On-page SEO is still practiced by web owners and web development agencies. Websites are ranked by content and use Google keywords to index websites and rank accordingly. In fact, Google’s own “How Search Works” reported that, “The most basic signal that information is relevant is "when a web page contains the same keyword as the search query". If those keywords appear on the page, or if they appear in the headings or body of the text, the information is more likely to be relevant”.

Technical SEO refers to the non-content elements of your elements on you site. This applies to elements that affect the optimization and proper operation of the website, such as Site speed, Mobile-friendliness, Crawlability.

Technical SEO is the primary strategy used by website development agencies. Correct and fast operation of the website is a key element that has a fundamental impact on the reception of the website.

Everything that doesn't take place immediately on your website is considered off-page SEO. On-page SEO, which entails things like site structure, content, and speed optimizations, is the process of improving your website. Among other things, link building, social media, and local SEO are all aspects of off-page SEO.

SEO has become an important part of marketing campaigns run by businesses to find customers online because 65% of the people who search for something don't look beyond the 5th result of the search engine's results page. Many companies use SEO companies to do the work for them because it takes too much time to do themselves.

Search engine companies like Google, Yahoo, Bing are careful to watch that spam does not affect their search engine results pages by adding filters such as Google's PageRank. These filters are known as algorithms.

Most people do not need to pay for search engine optimization services because usually a website is supposed to show up on the search engines over time anyway. But some online shopping websites may want to show up sooner, and so they pay for search engine optimization from companies that provide it.

When someone uses a method approved by search engines to rank their website, it is called a "white hat technique". If the method is not approved it is called a "black hat technique". Search engines may penalize the sites using black hat techniques by not showing them on search results.


Federal Ministry of Labour and Social Affairs

The Federal Ministry of Work and Social Affairs (BMAS) is a ministry of the Federal Republic of Germany . It was part of the Federal Ministry of economy and work () between 2002 and 2005.

A part of the ministry is based in Berlin-Mitte. When the Bundestag and government moved to Berlin in 1999 the BMA moved into buildings in the Jägerstraße/ Wilhelmstraße. A large part of the ministry stayed in Bonn. Originally the building at Wilhelmstraße 49 was a stately home. After 1826 it was used by the Hohenzollern Prince Karl.

The building housed the press department of the Reichsregierung (National government) of the Weimar Republic between 1918 and 1933. Under the Third Reich it was the Ministry of Public Enlightenment and Propaganda of Dr Joseph Goebbels.

After Wartime damage was repaired, the Central Council of the National Front moved in 1947. Later the Central Council of the German Democratic Republic occupied the building. The study of the first and only president of the DDR, Wilhelm Pieck, is there. It was restored between 1996 and 2000.

1949-1957: Anton Storch (CDU)


The BMAS was involved in promoting the new Code of Social Law II, sometimes called Hartz IV.

The ministry also supervises the

Bundesagentur für Arbeit federal Labour agency ("Jobcentres" as they are known in the UK);

Bundesanstalt für Arbeitsschutz und Arbeitsmedizin. Federal Institute for Occupational Safety and Health

The European Court of Justice found that Germany did not properly enforce the Working Hours Directive. This was a job BMAS should have done.

Federal Ministry of Family Affairs, Senior Citizens, Women and Youth

The Federal Ministry of Family, Senior Citizens, Women and Youth () (BMFSFJ) is a ministry of the Federal Republic of Germany. Although the headquarters are in Berlin, more people work in the Bonn office.

Different ministries, for example Labour and Social Affairs, can affect families, the elderly, women and youth. The BMFSFJ watches what these ministries do and provides specialised help.

1953
1957

1963

1969

1986

1991

1994

"Federal Minister for Family Questions (1953 to 1957), Family and Youth Questions (1957-1963) or Family and Youth (1963 to 1969)"

"Federal Minister for Youth, Family and Health (1969 to 1986), Youth, Family, Women and Health (1986–1991)"

"Federal Minister for Women and Youth 1991 to 1994"

"Federal Minister for Family and Senior Citizens 1991 to 1994"

"Federal Minister for Family, Senior Citizens, Women and Youth since 1994"

Ark of the Covenant

The Ark of the Covenant (ארון הברית in Hebrew: "aron hab'rit") is described in the Bible as a holy container where the Ten Commandments and other holy Israelite objects are held. According to the Bible, Yahweh commanded the Ark be built when Moses had a prophetic vision at Sinai (Exodus 25:9-10). Some people believe the Ark contained Aaron's Rod, a jar of Manna, and the first Torah Scroll written by Moses, based on their reading of Book of Exodus, Book of Numbers, and the Letter to the Hebrews. The first of the Books of Kings says that during the time of King Solomon, the Ark held only the Ten Commandments.

The Hebrew word "aron" is used in the Bible to designate any type of ark or chest, for any purpose (Genesis 50:26; 2 Kings 12:9, 10). The Ark of the Covenant is distinguished from all others by such titles as "Ark of God" (1 Samuel 3:3), "Ark of the Covenant" (Josh. 3:6; Hebrews 9:4), "Ark of the Testimony" (Ex. 25:22).
The Ark (aron kodesh in Hebrew meaning holy cupboard) is a raised cupboard found in Jewish Synagogues which contains the holy Torah scrolls. These are all written by hand and can take years to make. It is always on the wall of the Synagogue which faces towards Jerusalem.
When the Ark is opened and the Torah removed for reading everyone stands in respect of God. During some prayers and services the Ark doors an inner curtain (parochet) are kept open.

The Bible describes the Ark as made of acacia or shittah-tree wood. It was a cubit and a half broad and high, and two and a half cubits long (about 130 cm × 78 cm × 78 cm or 4.29 × 2.57 × 2.57 feet, for Egyptian royal cubit was most likely used). The Ark was covered all over with the purest gold.

Middle Eastern: Israel

People: Joshua, Samuel, Solomon








Cubit

Cubit is the name for any one of many units of measure used by various ancient peoples and is among the first recorded units of length.

The cubit is based on measuring by comparing – especially rope and textiles, but also for timber and stone – to one's forearm length. The Egyptian hieroglyph for the unit shows this symbol. It was used through antiquity, the Middle Ages up to early modern times.

The distance between thumb and another finger to the elbow on an average person is about 24 digits or 6 palms or 1½ feet (45.72 cm or 18 inches). This so-called "natural cubit" of 1½ feet is used in the Roman system of measures and in different Greek systems.

Over time, units similar in type to the cubit have measured:

From late antiquity, the Roman "ulna", a four-feet-cubit (about 120 cm) is also known. This is the measure from a man's hip to the fingers of the outstretched opposite arm.

The English yard has a long legal history, but its origin is not known. The English ell is essentially a kind of great cubit of 15 palms, 114 cm, or 45 inches (3.75 ft).




Federal Ministry for Economic Cooperation and Development

The Federal Ministry of Economic Cooperation and Development (BMZ) is a ministry of the Federal Republic of Germany. The ministry's headquarters are in what used to be the Bundeskanzleramt (the Federal Chancellor's Office building) in Bonn, with a second office in the Europahaus, in Berlin.

The BMZ was founded 1961, as the Ministry for Economic Cooperation. Lots of different ministries had a little to do with helping the economies of foreign countries. These jobs were all taken away and given to the new ministry. It became the "Ministry for Economic Cooperation and Development" on 23 January 1993. The change was to show that Germany was not just interested in working with Less Developed Countries, but in helping those countries as well.

The BMZ main job is help to other countries to develop and become richer. It does this by giving money and other aid.

The BMZ also oversees giving money to international organisations and private charities which can help the BMZ's main job.

The money that Germany gives to the European Development Fund, the World Bank and regional development banks is paid by the BMZ.

The BMZ also makes sure that countries which get money are democratic and have a good human rights record.

Germany thinks that giving this help is so important that the BMZ is a member of the Federal Security Council, which helps to make sure that Germany is safe and at peace.


Haskovo

Haskovo is a town in southeastern Bulgaria. Around 96,000 people live there. It celebrated the 1,000th anniversary in 1985.

Archeologists (people who study stuff from long ago) say that people started to live in the Haskovo area about 7,000 years ago. 

During the 9th century, a fortress was built, and soon after, a town was built around the fortress. The town was located on a big piece of land between the Klokotnitsa, Harmanliyska, and Maritsa rivers.

In 1395, the "Eski camii" (the Old Mosque) was built as one of the first in the Balkans.

In 1782, the town was known as Marsa (Arab name).

Most Bulgarians started living in Haskovo in the 19th century. The town was a trading center for merchants (people who sell stuff) from Edirne, Enos, and Istanbul. The area became known for producing cotton, silk fabrics, and carpets. At the Treaty of Istanbul in 1913, after the second Balkan Wars, a population exchange was made by the Ottoman Empire with the Kingdom of Bulgaria, 9714 Muslim's (Turks and Xoraxane Roma) from Haskovo was expelled to East Thrace in Ottoman Empire, and 9472 Orthodox Christian (Bulgarians) from Edirne was expelled to North Trace at Kingdom of Bulgaria. 


Athens, Alabama

Athens is a city in Limestone County, Alabama. It is also the county seat of that county.

In the year 2020, Athens had a population of about 25,406 people. Athens has an area of about 39 miles and sits at 798 feet above sea level.

Athens (disambiguation)

Athens is the capital city of Greece.

Athens may also refer to:

In the United States:

In the United Kingdom:

Ell

The English unit of length ell is usually 45 inches. That means 1.143 m (for the international inch). It came from the length of the arm from the shoulder (or the elbow) to the wrist, although the exact length was never defined in English law.

Several different national forms existed, with different lengths: the Scottish ell (about 37 inches), the Flemish ell (about 27 inches) and the Polish ell (0.78 metres, about 31 inches).

This unit has mostly fallen out of use, as have others based on the human arm: 

Sometimes "ell" is used as an other word for the cubit.

An ell-wand or ellwand was a rod of length one ell used for official measurement. Edward I of England ordered that every town should have one. 

Ell (disambiguation)

Ell or ELL may refer to:

In science and technology:

In places:

In people:

In transport:

In other:

Unit of length

A unit of length is a way of measuring length or distance.

Common units of length in the International System of Units (SI) are:

But there are a lot of units that do not fit in the SI-System:

Common Imperial units and U.S. customary units of length include:

In addition, the following are used by mariners:

Surveyors in the United States continue to use:

Horse racing keeps alive:

Astronomical measure uses:

Physics also uses:

Old units of distance are:

In everyday conversation, and in informal literature, it is common to see lengths measured in units of objects of which everyone knows the approximate width. Common examples are:

Mettau, Switzerland

Mettau was a municipality, in the new municipality of Mettauertal and district of Laufenburg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Möhlin

Möhlin is a municipality of the district of Rheinfelden in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.


Mönthal

Mönthal is a municipality of the district of Brugg in canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Moosleerau

Moosleerau is a municipality of the district of Zofingen in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Möriken-Wildegg

Möriken-Wildegg is a municipality in Lenzburg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Muhen

Muhen is a municipality of the district of Aarau of the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Gorgona, Italy

Gorgona is an island in the Tuscan Archipelago, a group of islands off the west coast of Italy.

It is one of only five islands in the world on which the Corsican Finch is found.The island is famous for its anchovies. Tradition holds that monks from Gorgona rescued the relics of Saint Julia of Corsica before they were carried to the mainland in the 8th century. 

Mühlau

Mühlau is a municipality of the district of Muri in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Mülligen

Mülligen is a municipality of the district of Brugg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Tuscan Archipelago

The Tuscan Archipelago is a chain of islands between the Ligurian Sea and Tyrrhenian Sea, west of Tuscany, Italy.

The archipelago contains the islands of Elba (the largest island of the group), Pianosa, Capraia, Montecristo, Giglio, Gorgona and Giannutri, all of which are protected as part of the Tuscan Archipelago National Park.


Pianosa

Pianosa is a small (about 10 km) island in Italy's Tuscan Archipelago. The name is derived from the latin word "planasia" (plain) because its highest point is some 22 meters over sea level. Pianosa has no permanent residents. It is known in Italy for a maximum-security prison, where especially dangerous Mafia criminals are held. For administration, Pianosa is part of the Elba island municipality. On clear days, it can be seen from that island as a dark blue line over the lighter blue sea.

In the novel "Catch-22", a U.S. Army Air Corps bomber squadron is based on the island during World War II,

There is another, even smaller island called "Pianosa" off the Adriatic coast of Italy.


Capraia

Capraia, is an island of Italy, part of the Tuscan Archipelago, off the northwest coast, belonging to the Province of Livorno. It is 62 km from the city of Livorno by sea, and 32 km northwest of the island of Elba. It is of volcanic origin, has an area of 19 km² and its highest point is 466 m above sea level. As of 31 December 2004, the "comune" (municipality) of Capraia Isola had a population of 366

The island produces wine, and is a centre of the anchovy fishery. It became Genoese in 1527 and was strongly fortified. In 1796 it was occupied for a short time by Horatio Nelson. Part of the island was formerly occupied by an agricultural penal colony, but it was shut down in 1986. Most of the island has been made into a national park. About 40 km to the north is the island of Gorgona, which is also famous for its anchovies.


Montecristo

Monte Cristo is a small Italian Island, about 4.3 kilometers across at its widest point, about halfway between Corsica and mainland Italy; south of Elba and west of Giglio. It is part of the Tuscan Archipelago. The island is probably best known as a fictional setting in the novel "The Count of Monte Cristo" by Alexandre Dumas, père.

Monte Cristo is Italian for “The mountain of Christ".

The island is remote and kept by the Italian government as a nature preserve and hunting park, and only accessible by private yacht and permit. There are no structures on the island.

Giglio

Giglio Island (Italian: "Isola del Giglio") is an island and Italian "commune" located in the Tyrrhenian Sea, off the coast of Tuscany, part of the Province of Grosseto, and part of Tuscan Archipelago

The island is separated by a 16 km stretch of sea from the Argentario promontory: mainly mountainous, it is almost all granite with the highest point the Poggio della Pagana (496 m). 90% of its surface is covered by Mediterranean vegetation alternating with large pine forests and numerous vineyards which enable the production of the famous "Ansonaco" wine. The coast is 27 km long, made up of rocks, of smooth cliffs and several bays: Arenella, Cannelle, Caldane and Campese, the biggest one with its little village of the same name.

The modern island was probably born 4.5 - 5 millions years ago, and people have lived there since the Iron Age. Later it was probably an Etruscan military stronghold. Under the Romans it was an important base in the Tyrrhenian Sea, written about, for example, by Julius Caesar in his "De Bello Gallico" and by the poet Rutilius Claudius Namatianus.

In 805 it was given by Charlemagne to the abbey of the Tre Fontane in Rome, and was later a possession of Aldobrandeschi, Pannocchieschi, Caetani, Orsini families and the town of Perugia. In 1241 the Sicilian fleet of Emperor Frederick II destroyed a Genoese fleet. From 1264 Giglio was a Pisane dominion, from which it passed to the Medici. It suffered several Saracen attacks, which ended only in 1799.

Alongside its history the island was always renowned for its mineral resources: many columns and edifices in Rome were built with the Gigliese granite.

The island has the remains of a Roman villa of Domitius Ahenobarbus (1st-2nd centuries), in the area of Giglio Porto. No traces of the Temple of Diana once existing now can be seen. The church of San Pietro Apostolo in Giglio Castello has an ivory crucifix believed to be by Giambologna

It is also site of an Etruscan shipwreck, dating to the early Iron Age, "c." 600 BC. The cargo of the ship included copper and lead ingots, iron spits, amphorae and a Corinthian helmet. Even a wooden writing tablet with stylus was preserved. The finds are almost completely lost now.

Isola del Giglio is connected to Tuscany by ferries starting from Porto Santo Stefano and Orbetello Scalo.


Giannutri

Giannutri is a small island in the Mediterranean Sea off the coast of Tuscany, Italy. It is the most southern island of the Tuscan Archipelago.

Its tourist attractions include Villa Domizia, an ancient Roman seaside villa.

Orange, Ohio

Orange is a village of Cuyahoga County, Ohio, United States. It is a suburb of the big city of Cleveland. The population was 3,421 people as of 2020.

Orange was first settled in 1815, and was founded as a township in 1820. In 1831, Orange became the birthplace of United States president James A. Garfield.

Orange was made into a village in 1929.


Boeing AH-64 Apache

The AH-64 Apache is an attack helicopter that first flew in 1975 and has been produced since 1984. It was designed by Hughes Helicopters, but that later became McDonnell Douglas, which later became Boeing. It is designed to attack things on the ground to help soldiers. To do this, it can carry 16 AGM-114 Hellfire missiles, along with rocket pods, and a 30mm chain gun that can fire 625 rounds per minute. It can carry 1,200 bullets. It can also carry missiles like the AIM-9 Sidewinder to shoot down things in the air if it is attacked by fighter aircraft or other helicopters.

The AH-64 is 49.11 feet (14.97 meters) long, 17.16 feet (5.23 meters) wide, and 16.24 feet (4.95 meters) tall. Without anything, it weighs 11,799 pounds (5,352 kilograms). Full, it weighs 22,282 pounds (10,107 kilograms). It is powered by 2 General Electric T700-GE-701C engines. It can go 162 miles per hour (261 kilometers per hour), can fly 1,181 miles (1,900 kilometers) without refueling, can fly 9,478 feet (2,889 meters) high, and can climb 2,415 feet a minute (736 meters a minute).

The AH-64 has been used by the United States. It was first used in Operation Just Cause. It has also been used by Israel, Japan, Netherlands, United Kingdom, Kuwait, Greece, Egypt, Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates, and Singapore.

The need of a new and highly secure helicopter was first felt in the beginning of the 1990s. The great military power, the British Army, identified this need and by February 1993 they finalised the need with an invitation to bid for the design, construction and trial of the new concept.

Among the bidding companies were: Boeing and Sikorsky with the RAH-66 Comanche, Agusta with the A129 Mangusta, British Aerospace and Eurocopter with the Tiger, GEC Marconi and Bell Helicopter the Cobra Venom, and Westland and McDonnell Douglas with the AH-64 Apache. The decision was taken later in July in 2005 and the winning aircraft builder was Westland and McDonnell Douglas with the Apache. One year later in 2006 the tow Parties signed a contract for 67 helicopters. This is how the WAH-64D Apache era started.

The 67 WAH-64D Apache attack helicopters were built by the merged companies Boeing and McDonnell Douglas (1997) and Westland between 1999 and 2004. The first aircraft was built by Boeing and delivered to the Army in March 1999, followed by the Westland, who built their first aircraft in 2000 and delivered in July 2000. The last aircraft was built and delivered in July 2004.

Aberdeen, Ohio

Aberdeen is a village of Brown County, Ohio, United States, along the Ohio River. The population is 1,515 people as of 2020.

The village has an area of 1.6 square miles.

Aberdeen was made in 1816 along the north shore of the Ohio River, at a site where a ferry was in service.

List of cities in Ohio

This is a list of cities in the American state of Ohio:

 Chelsea,Ohio

Adamsville, Ohio

Adamsville is a village of Muskingum County, Ohio, United States. The population is 140 people as of 2020.

The village has an area of .1 square miles, according to the United States Census Bureau.

Adell, Wisconsin

Adell is a village of Sheboygan County, Wisconsin, United States. The population is 517 people as of 2000. Adell has an area of .5 square miles, thanks to the United States Census Bureau.

Hildegarde, an American cabaret singer, was born in Adell.

Albany, Wisconsin

Albany is a village of Green County in the state of Wisconsin in the United States. The population of Albany was 1,191 people as of 2000. 

It has an area of 1.3 square miles, thanks to the United States Census Bureau.

Allouez, Wisconsin

Allouez is a village of Brown County in the state of Wisconsin in the United States. The village has a population of 15,443 people as of 2000. The village has an area of 5.2 square miles, thanks to the United States Census Bureau.

Some notable people who lived in Allouez are: Vince Lombardi, Paul Gigot, and Nick Matzke.


Arcade Fire

Arcade Fire is an indie rock band from Montreal, Canada. They became very famous in 2004 with their hit album, "Funeral". They have seven members in the band, and have released seven albums. Arcade Fire performed at the 53rd Grammy Awards and were also nominated for Album of the Year, Best Rock Performance by a Duo or Group with Vocal, and Best Alternative Music Album (for The Suburbs), winning Album of the Year.

They released their first EP "Arcade Fire" in 2003.

The band's second album "Neon Bible" was released in March 2007. The album went straight to number two in the "Billboard" 200 in the United States. The British music magazine "Q" put it at the top of their list of 2007 Albums of the Year. "The A.V. Club" also chose it as their album of the year. It was chosen as the second best album of the year by "Spin". 

In 2010 the band released their third album, "The Suburbs". It won Album of the Year at the 2011 Grammy Awards. It also won Best International Album at the 2011 BRIT Awards.

The band made a song for "The Hunger Games" soundtrack called "Abraham's Daughter." It was played at the end of the movie.

Arcade Fire released their fourth album "Reflektor" in 2013. The album has two discs. The first disc has seven songs. The second disc has six songs. Pitchfork gave the album a score of 9.2 out of 10. "Reflektor" was the first single to be released from the album. 

In 2022 The Guardian published an article accusing lead singer Win Butler of sexual assault.



Pavement (band)

Pavement was an indie rock band from California, United States. They made music from 1989 until 1999. They were on the music label Matador Records.

Matador Records

Matador Records is an American indie record label with many bands like Modest Mouse, Pavement, and Guided by Voices. Matador Records is founded in 1989 by Chris Lombardi, who operates out of his New York apartment. It becomes a label dedicated to unique alternative acts. Half of the company will be purchased by Beggars Banquet in 2002.

Modest Mouse

Modest Mouse is an indie rock band from Issaquah, Washington. It was formed by Isaac Brock, Jeremiah Green, and Eric Judy. They started making music in 1993.

They formed in the state of Washington, during the popularity of grunge music. They struggled to release an album, but eventually released their first album "This Is a Long Drive for Someone with Nothing to Think About" in 1996 after being signed to Up Records. Their second album, "The Lonesome Crowded West", came next, one year later.

They then re-signed to Epic Records in 2000 and released "The Moon & Antarctica".

In 2003, Jeremiah Green left the band, but he was replaced with Benjamin Weikel and Dann Gallucci. Modest Mouse was fairly unaffected by this, and they released their fourth album, "Good News for People Who Love Bad News" one year later. It was very popular and had two main hits: "Float On" and "Ocean Breathes Salty."

In 2006, after a long tour supporting "Good News", Modest Mouse came back to the studio to record their fifth studio album, "We Were Dead Before the Ship Even Sank". It was fairly quick to record, and it was released on March 20, 2007. It was even more popular than "Good News". A hit single from this album was "Dashboard." After touring for over a year with R.E.M. and The National, Modest Mouse released a collection of songs not released on "Good News" or "We Were Dead" known as "No One's First and You're Next." It was released in 2009.


Santa Maria Island

The island of Santa Maria (Portuguese for Saint Mary) is an island in the southeastern part of the Azores and is the southernmost island in the Azores Islands. It was the first island in the Azores Archipelago to be discovered. The discoverer of the island was Diogo Silves during his journey to Madeira in 1427. Gonçalo Velho brought families and cattle to the island.

Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Man's Chest

Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Man's Chest is a 1994 back-to-back fantasy comedy film.

Is the second movie of Pirates of the Caribbean. The movie is a sequel to "". It was released on July 8, 1994.

Despite receiving mixed reviews from film critics, the movie was positively welcomed from audience who praised its directing, story, performances (especially those of Depp and Nighy), special effects, Zimmer's musical score, humor, action scenes and emotional weight.

Elizabeth Swann (Keira Knightley), Will Turner (Orlando Bloom), and Captain Jack Sparrow (Johnny Depp) continue the adventure. Jack and Will both search for the heart of Davy Jones (Bill Nighy) for different reasons. Jack want it to get his freedom. Will wants it to free his father, "Bootstrap Bill" Turner.




Harry Potter (character)

Harry James Potter is the protagonist in J. K. Rowling's "Harry Potter" fantasy series. The books cover seven years in the life of the orphan who, on his 11th birthday, learns he is a wizard and the son of magical parents Lily and James Potter. He goes to Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry to learn magic. Harry soon learns that he is already famous in the world of wizards. He also learns that his fate is connected to Lord Voldemort. Voldemort was an evil wizard who killed Harry's parents, but was believed to have died when he tried to use the Killing Curse on the baby Harry. Rowling said that the idea for the Harry Potter character came to her while riding on a train from Manchester to London in 1990. She decided to make him an orphan after the death of her mother.

According to author J. K. Rowling, the idea for both the "Harry Potter" books and the character came while waiting for a delayed train from Manchester to London in 1990. J.K. Rowling said that in the hours she waited, her idea for "this scrawny, black-haired, bespectacled boy who didn't know he was a wizard became more and more real to me." Rowling also decided to make Harry an orphan at a boarding school called Hogwarts. She explained, "Harry HAD to be an orphan - so that he's a free agent, with no fear of letting down his parents, disappointing them … Hogwarts HAS to be a boarding school - half the important stuff happens at night! Then there's the security. Having a child of my own reinforces my belief that children above all want security, and that's what Hogwarts offers Harry."

The death of her mother on 30 December 1990 led Rowling to write Harry Potter as a boy longing for his dead parents. His pain became "more deeper, more real" than in earlier versions because she related to it herself. In a 2000 interview with "The Guardian", Rowling also said that the character of Wart in T.H. White's novel "The Sword in the Stone" is "Harry's spiritual ancestor." In that book, a boy called Wart meets the mysterious wizard Merlin. Merlin helps the child grow into a noble, powerful warrior who later becomes King Arthur. She also said that Harry was born on 31 July and has the same birthday as herself. However, she says, Harry is not directly based on any real-life character, "he came just out of a part of me".

Harry first appears in "Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone" as the book's protagonist, or main character. When Harry was a little over one year old, his parents were killed by the powerful Dark Wizard, Lord Voldemort. Harry survived Voldemort's Killing Curse after his mother died to protect him. The Curse was turned back at Voldemort and ripped his soul from his body. Because of this, Harry has a lightning-bolt shaped scar on his forehead. Rowling has said that creating the story about Harry Potter's past was a matter of reverse planning: "The basic idea [is that] Harry … didn't know he was a wizard … and so then I kind of worked backwards from that position to find out how that could be, that he wouldn't know what he was… When he was one-year-old, the most evil wizard in hundreds of years attempted to kill him. He killed Harry's parents, and then he tried to kill Harry - he tried to curse him… Harry has to find out, before we find out. And - so - but for some mysterious reason, the curse didn't work on Harry. So he's left with this lightning-bolt shaped scar on his forehead, and the curse rebounded upon the evil wizard who has been in hiding ever since".

Harry is an orphan living unhappily with his only family left, the cruel Dursleys. On his eleventh birthday, Harry finds that he is a wizard when Rubeus Hagrid tells him that he is to go Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. There he learns about his parents and his connection to the Dark Lord. He is "sorted" into Gryffindor House by the Sorting Hat and becomes friends with classmates Ron Weasley and Hermione Granger. Near the end of his first year at Hogwarts, he stops Voldemort's attempt to steal the Sorcerer's Stone via Quirinus Quirrell. He also forms rivalries with Draco Malfoy, a classmate from an elitist wizard family, and the Potions teacher and head of Slytherin House, Severus Snape. Both feuds continue throughout the series. In a 1999 interview, Rowling stated that Draco is based on several schoolyard bullies she had known and Snape on a teacher of hers who abused his power.

Rowling has said that the "Mirror of Erised" chapter in "Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone" is her favorite. The mirror reflects Harry's deepest desire, namely to see his dead parents. Her favorite funny scene is when Harry accidentally sets a boa constrictor free from the zoo in the horrified Dursleys' presence.

In the second book, "Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets", Rowling puts Harry against Tom Marvolo Riddle, a memory of Lord Voldemort locked up in a secret diary that Ron's younger sister Ginny Weasley finds in a bathroom. When Muggle (non-magic) parentage students are found being petrified, many think that Harry may be the one behind the attacks, making him become more detached from his classmates. At the height of the book, Ginny Weasley is found to be missing. To rescue her, Harry battles Riddle and the monster he controls that is hidden in the Chamber of Secrets.

In the third book, called "Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban", Rowling uses time travel as the basis for the book. Harry learns that his parents were sold out to Lord Voldemort by their friend Peter Pettigrew, also accused of framing Harry's godfather Sirius Black for crimes he didn't make, locking him up in the wizarding prison, Azkaban. When Black escapes to find revenge, Harry and Hermione use a Time Turner to save him and a hippogriff named Buckbeak. Pettigrew, and the truth, escape from Sirius, causing him to be on the run from the authorities.

In the previous books, Harry is written as a child, but Rowling states that in the fourth novel, "Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire", "Harry's horizons are literally and metaphorically widening as he grows older." Harry's developing maturity becomes apparent when he becomes interested in Cho Chang, a pretty Ravenclaw student. Tension mounts, however, when Harry is mysteriously chosen by the Goblet of Fire to compete in the dangerous Triwizard Tournament, even though another Hogwarts champion, Cedric Diggory, was already selected. It is actually an elaborate scheme by Lord Voldemort to lure Harry into a deadly trap. During the Tournament's final challenge, Harry and Cedric are teleported to a graveyard. Cedric is killed, and Lord Voldemort, aided by Peter Pettigrew, uses Harry's blood in a gruesome ritual to resurrect Voldemort's body. When Harry duels Voldemort, their wands' magical streams connect, forcing the spirit echoes of Voldemort's victims, including Cedric and James and Lily Potter, to be expelled from his wand through Priori Incancatem. The spirits shortly protect Harry as he escapes to Hogwarts with Cedric's body. For Rowling, this scene is important because it shows how Harry is brave, and by finding Cedric's corpse, he demonstrates selflessness and compassion. Says Rowling, "He wants to save Cedric's parents additional pain". She added that preventing Cedric Diggory's body from falling into Voldemort's hands is based on the classic scene in the "Iliad" where Achilles finds the body of his best friend Patroclus from the hands of Hector. The author said: "That [Iliad scene] really, really, REALLY moved me when I read that when I was 19. The idea of the desecration of a body, a very ancient idea... I was thinking of that when Harry saved Cedric's body." She also said that she cried while writing the scene when Harry's dead parents are drawn from Voldemort's wand, the first time she cried while penning her story.

In the fifth book, "Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix", the Ministry of Magic has been waging a smear campaign against Harry and Dumbledore, disputing their claims that Voldemort has returned. A new character is introduced when the Ministry of Magic appoints Dolores Umbridge as the latest Hogwarts' Defence Against the Dark Arts instructor (and Ministry spy). Because the paranoid Ministry thinks that Dumbledore is building a wizard army to overthrow them, Umbridge decides not to teach students real defensive magic. She gradually gains more power, eventually seizing control of the school. As a result, Harry's growing angry and erratic behaviour nearly estranges him from Ron and Hermione. Rowling says she put Harry through extreme emotional stress to show his emotional vulnerability and humanity–a contrast to his nemesis, Voldemort. "[Harry is] a very "human" hero, and this is, obviously, a contrast, between him, as a very human hero, and Voldemort, who has deliberately "de"humanised himself. And Harry, therefore, did have to reach a point where he did almost break down, and say he "didn’t" want to play anymore, he "didn’t" want to be the hero anymore – and he’d lost too much. And he didn’t want to lose anything else. So that – "Phoenix" was the point at which I decided he would have his breakdown." At Hermione's urging, Harry secretly teaches his classmates real defensive magic to thwart Umbridge and the Ministry, but their meetings are found and Dumbledore is ousted as Headmaster. Harry suffers another emotional blow, when his godfather, Sirius Black is killed during a battle with Death Eaters at the Department of Mysteries, but Harry ultimately defeats Voldemort's plan to steal an important prophecy and helps uncover Umbridge's sinister motives. Rowling stated: "And now he [Harry] will rise from the ashes strengthened." A sideplot of "Order of the Phoenix" involves Harry's romance with Cho Chang, but the relationship quickly unravels. Says Rowling: "They were never going to be happy, it was better that it ended early!"

In the sixth book, "Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince" Harry enters a tumultuous puberty that, Rowling says, is based on her and her younger sister's own difficult teenage years. Rowling also made a statement about Harry's personal life: "Because of the demands of the adventure that Harry is following, he has had less sexual experience than boys of his age might have had". This inexperience with romance was a factor in Harry's failed relationship with Cho Chang. Now his thoughts concern Ginny Weasley, Ron's sister, a vital plot point in the last chapter when Harry ends their budding romance to protect her from Voldemort.

A new character appears when former Hogwarts Potions master Horace Slughorn returns to replace Severus Snape, who takes over the Defence Against the Dark Arts post. Harry excels in Potions by using an old textbook once belonging to a talented student known only as, "The Half-Blood Prince." The book contains many handwritten notes, revisions, and new spells; Hermione, however, believes Harry using it is cheating. Through private meetings with Dumbledore, Harry learns about Lord Voldemort's orphaned youth, his rise to power, and how he splintered his soul into Horcruxes to achieve immortality. Two Horcruxes have been destroyed, and Harry and Dumbledore locate another, although it is a fake. When Death Eaters invade Hogwarts, Snape kills Dumbledore. As Snape escapes, he proclaims that he is the Half-Blood Prince–Harry's admired mentor is actually his hated enemy. It now falls upon Harry to find and destroy Voldemort's remaining Horcruxes and to avenge Dumbledore's death. In a 2005 interview with NBC anchorwoman Katie Couric, Rowling stated that [after the events in the sixth book] Harry has, "taken the view that they are now at war. He does become more battle hardened. He’s now ready to go out fighting. And he’s after revenge [against Voldemort and Snape]."

In "Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows", Harry, Ron and Hermione leave Hogwarts to complete Dumbledore's task: to search for and destroy Voldemort's remaining four Horcruxes, and then find and kill the Dark Lord. The three put themselves against Voldemort's newly formed totalitarian police state, an action that tests Harry's courage and moral character. According to J.K. Rowling, a telling scene in which Harry uses "Cruciatus" and "Imperius" (unforgivable curses for torture and mind-control) on Voldemort's servants shows a side to Harry that is "flawed and mortal." However, she explains that, "He is also in an extreme situation and attempting to defend somebody very good against a violent and murderous opponent".

Harry comes to recognise that his own single-mindedness makes him predictable to his enemies and often clouds his perceptions. When Severus Snape is killed by Voldemort later in the story, Harry realises that Snape was not the traitorous murderer he believed him to be, but a tragic anti-hero who was loyal to Albus Dumbledore. In Chapter 33 ("The Prince's Tale") Snape's memories show that he loved Harry's mother Lily Evans, but their friendship ended over his association with future Death Eaters and "blood purity" beliefs. When Voldemort killed the Potters, a grieving Snape vowed to protect Lily's child, although he loathed young Harry for being James Potter's son. It is also revealed that Snape did not kill Albus Dumbledore, but carried out Dumbledore's prearranged plan. Dumbledore, who was dying from a slow-spreading curse, wanted to protect Snape's position within the Death Eaters and spare Draco Malfoy from completing Voldemort's task to murder him.

To defeat Harry, Voldemort steals the Elder Wand from Dumbledore's tomb. It is the most powerful wand ever created, and he twice casts the Killing Curse on Harry with it. The first attempt merely stuns Harry into a deathlike state. In the chapter "King's Cross", Dumbledore's spirit tells Harry that when Voldemort failed to kill baby Harry and disembodied himself, Harry became an unintentional Horcrux; Voldemort could not kill Harry while the Dark Lord's soul shard was within Harry's body. Voldemort's second Killing Curse also fails because Voldemort used Harry's blood in his resurrection. Voldemort's soul shard within Harry was destroyed because Harry willingly faced death. In the next chapter, "The Flaw in the Plan", it is established that Harry, not Voldemort, became the Elder Wand's true master. In the book's climax, the Elder Wand disobeys the Dark Lord's command and rebounds the curse onto Voldemort, killing him. J.K. Rowling said, the difference between Harry and Voldemort is that Harry willingly accepts mortality, making him stronger. "The real master of Death accepts that he must die, and that there are much worse things in the world of the living."

After Voldemort's defeat, Harry joins the Auror Office for a revolutionised Ministry of Magic. Ten years afterwards, Harry is appointed department head by new Minister of Magic Kingsley Shacklebolt. Ron, who helped George run the Weasley Wizarding Wheezes Joke Shop for a time, is also an Auror. In the end, Rowling said his old rival Draco Malfoy has overcome his animosity after Harry saved his life three times in the seventh book.

In the "Deathly Hallows" epilogue, set nineteen years after Voldemort's death (i.e. 2017), Harry and Ginny are married and have three children: James Sirius, Albus Severus, and Lilly Luna.

In the eight "Harry Potter" movies from 2001-2011, Harry Potter was played by British actor Daniel Radcliffe. Radcliffe was asked to audition for the role of Harry Potter in 2000 by producer David Heyman, while in a play titled "Stones in His Pockets" in London. The Harry Potter role has earned much money for Radcliffe. As of 2007, he had an estimated wealth of £17 million.

In a 2007 interview with MTV, Radcliffe stated that, for him, Harry Potter is a classic coming of age character: "That's what the movies are about for me: a loss of innocence, going from being a young kid in awe of the world around him, to someone who is more battle-hardened by the end of it." He also said that for him, important factors in Harry's psyche are his survivor's guilt about the death of his parents and his lingering loneliness. Because of this, Radcliffe talked to a bereavement counsellor to help him prepare for the role. Radcliffe was quoted as saying that he wished for Harry to die in the books, but he clarified that he, "can't imagine any other way they can be concluded". After reading the last book, where Harry Potter and his friends survive and have children, Radcliffe stated he was glad about the ending and praised author J. K. Rowling for the conclusion of the story.

Radcliffe stated that the most often repeated question he has been asked is how Harry Potter has influenced his own life, to which he regularly answers it has been "fine", and that he did not feel pigeonholed by the role, but rather sees it as a huge privilege to portray the character of Harry Potter.

According to author J. K. Rowling, Harry Potter is strongly guided by his own conscience, and has a keen feeling of what is right and what is wrong. Having "very limited access to truly caring adults", Rowling said, Harry "is forced to make his own decisions from early age on." He "does make mistakes", she conceded, but in the end, he does what his conscience tells him to do. According to Rowling, one of Harry's pivotal scenes came in the fourth book when he protects his dead schoolmate Cedric Diggory's body from arch villain Lord Voldemort, because it shows he is brave and unselfish.

Rowling also said that Harry's two worst character flaws are "anger and occasional arrogance", but that Harry is also innately honourable. "He's not a cruel boy. He's competitive, and he's a fighter. He doesn't just lie down and take abuse. But he does have native integrity, which makes him a hero to me. He's a normal boy but with those qualities most of us really admire." After the seventh book, Rowling commented that Harry has the ultimate character strength, being able to do what even Voldemort can not: he is not afraid of death.

Rowling has also maintained that Harry is a suitable real-life role model for children. "The advantage of a fictional hero or heroine is that you can know them better than you can know a living hero, many of whom you would never meet […] if people like Harry and identify with him, I am pleased, because I think he is very likeable."

Rowling also gave Harry Potter an uncanny outward appearance. Throughout the entire series, Harry sports his father's perpetually untidy black hair, his mother's green eyes, and a lightning bolt-shaped scar on his forehead because of his encounter with Lord Voldemort and round, thick eyeglasses. She explained that this image simply came to her when she first thought up Harry Potter, seeing him as a "scrawny, black-haired, bespectacled boy".

In the books, Harry's scar serves as an indicator of Voldemort's presence: it burns when the Dark Lord is near or feeling particularly murderous or exultant. According to Rowling, by attacking Harry when he was a baby, Voldemort gave him "tools (that) no other wizard possessed – the scar, and the ability it conferred, provided a magical window into Voldemort's mind." Asked why Harry's forehead scar is lightning bolt-shaped, Rowling said, "to be honest, because it’s a cool shape," and joked, "I couldn’t have my hero sport a doughnut-shaped scar."

In the books, Harry is categorised as a "half-blood" wizard in the series, because although both his parents were magical, his mother, Lily Evans, was "Muggle-born". According to Rowling, to characters for whom wizarding blood purity matters, Lily would be considered "as loathsome as a Muggle", and derogatively referred to as a "Mudblood".

Throughout the series, Rowling wrote Harry Potter as a gifted wizard apprentice. She stated in a 2000 interview with "South West News Service" that Harry Potter is "particularly talented" in Defence Against the Dark Arts, and also good in Quidditch. Rowling said in the same interview that until about halfway through the third book, his good friend Hermione Granger –written as the smartest student in Harry's year– would have beaten Harry in a magical duel. From the fourth book onwards, Rowling admits Harry has become quite talented in the Defence Against the Dark Arts and would beat his friend Hermione in a magical duel. His power is evident from the beginning of the series; Harry shows immediate command of a broomstick, produces a Patronus at an early age and survives several confrontations with Voldemort. Harry is able to speak and understand Parseltongue, a language associated with Dark Magic, which, according to Rowling, is because he harbours a piece of Lord Voldemort's soul. After Voldemort destroys that soul piece in the seventh book's climax, Harry loses the ability to speak Parseltongue. Harry "is very glad" to have lost this gift.

According to Rowling, Harry's favourite book is "Quidditch Through the Ages", an actual book that Rowling wrote (under the pseudonym Kennilworthy Whisp) for the "Comic Relief" charity.

When Harry's parents were murdered by Lord Voldemort, they left behind a large pile of wizard's gold, used as currency in the world of magic, in a vault in the wizarding bank, Gringotts. This becomes Harry's source of paying for all of his Hogwarts textbooks, wizarding clothing, and spending money.

As is the case with most wizards in the Harry Potter series, his wand is among his most valued magical items. Harry's is made of holly, a wood Rowling chose because it is said to get rid of evil. It forms a deliberate contrast to the wand of Lord Voldemort, whose wand is made of yew, which symbolises death. Rowling states she later learned that in the Celtic calendar a type of wood is assigned to each month; and Harry's fictional birthday (31 July) is linked to holly. Ron Weasley and Hermione Granger also happened to get wands made from the appropriate woods identified in the Celtic calendar, according to their fictional birth months.

Another valued and useful possession is Harry's Cloak of Invisibility. In his first year at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry, he gets it anonymously as a Christmas gift. He later learns it was given by Albus Dumbledore, who had it in turn from Harry's father.

Harry also owns half of a pair of two-way mirrors, given by his godfather Sirius Black, as a means of maintaining covert communications. In Book 7, "Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows", when Harry and several friends are captured at Malfoy Manor, which Lord Voldemort was using as his headquarters, Harry uses the mirror to communicate with Aberforth Dumbledore, who sends rescue in the form of Dobby the House Elf.

After Sirius' death, all of his remaining possessions were passed to Harry. This included the Black family residence, located at Number Twelve Grimmauld Place, and all the contents and furnishings of the house, including Kreacher (the old Black family House Elf). Harry also inherited the remainder of Sirius' wealth in wizard's gold at Gringotts.

Another notable possession of Harry's is a magical knife, given to him by Sirius Black. The knife has the power to open most mechanical locks and magical seals. The knife was destroyed when Harry attempted to use it on a lock in the Department of Mysteries, when instead of opening the desired lock, an enchantment destroyed the knife's blade.

By the end of "Deathly Hallows", Harry possesses all three Deathly Hallows: the Cloak of Invisibility, the Resurrection Stone, and the Elder Wand, They are three of the most powerful magical items in all of the wizarding-world. However, Harry lost the Resurrection Stone inside the Forbidden Forest, and decides to leave it there. Harry also takes the Elder Wand and lays it with Dumbledore's body, so the power of the wand might be extinguished if he dies a natural death.(In the movie, Harry destroys it by snapping it in half.) However, the new portrait of Dumbledore in the Headmaster's Office agrees that Harry should keep the Invisibility Cloak for himself, since it was his father's.

Throughout most of the books, Harry also has a pet owl named Hedwig, used to deliver and get messages and packages. When Hedwig is killed in the seventh book, the author said she expected the strong emotional reaction of her readers: "The loss of Hedwig represented a loss of innocence and security. She has been almost like a cuddly toy to Harry at times. I know that death upset a lot of people!"

In the novels, Harry is the only child of James and Lily Potter, but orphaned as an infant. Rowling made Harry an orphan from the early drafts of her first book. She felt an orphan would be the most interesting character to write about. However, after her mother's death, Rowling wrote Harry as a child longing to see his dead parents again, incorporating her own anguish into him. Harry's aunt and uncle kept the truth about their deaths from Harry, telling him they died in a car accident. Through his marriage to Ginny Weasley, Harry links the Peverell and the House of Black families.

In 2002, Harry Potter was voted No. 85 among the "100 Best Fictional Characters" by "Book" magazine and also voted the 35th "Worst Briton" in Channel 4's "100 Worst Britons We Love to Hate" program. In addition, Harry Potter is spoofed in the "Barry Trotter" series by American writer Michael Gerber, where a "Barry Trotter" appears as the eponymous anti-hero. On his homepage, Gerber describes Trotter as an unpleasant character who "drinks too much, eats like a pig, sleeps until noon, and owes everybody money." The author stated "[s]ince I really liked Rowling's books […] I felt obligated to try to write a spoof worthy of the originals."

In real life, Harry's iconoclastic appearance has become cult. According to halloweenonline.com, "Harry Potter" sets were the fifth-best selling Halloween costume of 2005. In addition, wizard rock bands like Harry and the Potters and others regularly dress up in the style of Harry Potter, sporting painted forehead scars, black wigs and round bottle top glasses.

Wizard rock is a musical movement dating from 2002 that consists of at least 200 bands made up of young musicians, playing songs about "Harry Potter". The movement started in Massachusetts with the band Harry and the Potters, who cosplay as Harry during live performances

Harry Potter appears in the "Robot Chicken" episode "Nutcracker Sweet" voiced by Seth Green. He is shown to have Firebolt in a delicate place on himself. Quinton Flynn voices Harry Potter in the episode "Password: Swordfish." When the threat of the puberty creature Pubertis is known, Harry sees Dumbledore about this and receives a stone that might help him fight Pubertis. Upon confrontation with Pubertis, he rubs the stone two times, which summons ghosts to punch it. When it comes to the third time, (the stone starts "chafing") Dumbledore appears and tells Harry that the stone can only be warmed up three times (four if you take a week off) and that Pubertis cannot be destroyed since it lives in everyone.

In "Epic Movie", a 2007 parody movie, he is played by Canadian comedian Kevin McDonald, whereas Harry is portrayed as being somewhat of a pervert as seen when Harry tries to touch Susan Pevensie's breasts.

Episodes of "The Grim Adventures of Billy and Mandy" has spoofed Harry as Nigel Planter. Unlike Harry, Nigel has an L-shaped scar on his forehead.

In an episode of "", Potter is referenced trice, once when Jimmy is watching a reel of movies rapidly (Where Hagrid says "You're a Wizard, Harry") and later in the filming for Jimmy's movie, as Jimmy plays a parody of Harry, called "Terry Bladder".

"Wizards of Waverly Place" once referenced Harry, as Justin was wearing a robe and glasses like Harry, to which Alex comments on with trying to guess who he looks like ("Barry something", "Jerry something", etc.)


Oregon-grape

Oregon-grape, "Berberis aquifolium" or Mahonia aquifolium is a shrub whose classification is in dispute, generally considered as Mahonia. Recently, this classification has been supported by their rusts. Originally, the Oregon Holly Grape (Mahonia aquifolium) is from the Pacific Northwest of United States of America. Cultivated in Europe, and bird dispersed has became a weed, not restricted to gardens


Alma Center, Wisconsin

Alma Center is a village in Jackson County, Wisconsin, United States. The population is 446 people as of 2000. The area of Alma Center is about 1 square mile, thanks to the United States Census Bureau.


Almena, Wisconsin

Almena is a village in Barron County in the U.S. state of Wisconsin. The population is 720 people as of 2000. The area of Almena is about 1 square mile, thanks to the United States Census Bureau.

Almond, Wisconsin

Almond is a village in Portage County, Wisconsin, United States. The population was 459 people in 2000. The area of Almond is 1 square mile, thanks to the United States Census Bureau.

Almond (disambiguation)

Almond is a tree and the seed from that tree but may also refer to:

Almond is the surname of:


Amherst, Wisconsin

Amherst is a village in Portage County, Wisconsin, United States. The population is 1,035 people as of 2010. 


Amherst Junction, Wisconsin

Amherst Junction is a village in Portage County, Wisconsin, United States. The population is 305 people as of 2000. Amherst Junction has an area of 1.2 square miles, of which .04 square miles is water.

Amherst

Amherst can mean:


Alan Dix

Professor Alan Dix of Lancaster University is an author of text books. He took part in the 1979 Maths Olympiad in Romania for the UK Team and got a silver medal.


Chien Hsin University

Chien Hsin University (UCH; traditional Chinese:健行科技大學；simplified Chinese:健行科技大学) is a university in Jhongli City, Taoyuan City, Taiwan. CYU is also known as Chien Hsin Tech (健行科大).

Chien Hsin University opened in 1933 and now about 10,000 students go there. The university is noted for teaching and research in the science and engineering, especially energy engineering.


Rosalía de Castro

Rosalía Castro de Murguía better known as Rosalía de Castro (24 February 1837 – 15 July 1885) was a Galician writer and poet.

A native of Santiago de Compostela in the Galicia region of northwest Spain, she wrote in both Galician and Castilian.





Road surface

A road surface, or pavement (American English), is the durable surface material laid down on an area intended for vehicle or foot traffic that is used primarily as a road surface. "Pavement" in British English generally refers to a sidewalk or walkway.

In the past, permeable gravel surfaces, cobblestone and granite setts were extensively used. Those surfaces have mostly been replaced by asphalt or concrete laid on a compacted base course. Road surfaces are frequently marked to guide traffic. Permeable paving methods are now beginning to be used for low-impact roadways and walkways.

In 1984 Laura Ingalls Wilder, author of "Little House on the Prairie", while traveling in a wagon with her parents, wrote about the first time she saw pavement:

The first paved roads were created by the Carthaginians about 600 BC. The ancient Romeand destroyed Carthage but may have borrowed the idea of paved roads. They went on to build over of roads throughout their empire.

Thomas Telford (1757–1834) was a Scottish civil engineer. He is noted for building flat roads that required fewer horses to pull the wagons. His roads were well designed and supported heavy loads. John Loudon McAdam (1756–1836), was a Scottish engineer and road-builder. He invented a new process, "macadamisation", for building roads with a smooth hard surface that drained quickly. His roads were more durable and less muddy than soil-based roads.

By 1870, in the United States roads were being built using asphalt spread with rakes and made compact by steam rollers. In 1894, Clifford Richardson, an American engineer, determined that roads paved with asphalt did not contain enough coarse gravel. He produced a specification for the most durable pavement of the time.

By 1907, 1907 natural asphalt was being used less than petroleum-based asphalt for roads. Automobiles became more popular and more roads were needed. This created new methods of producing asphalt. World War II created a need for better and stronger pavement on which to land heavy aircraft.

The ancient Romans were the earliest large-scale users of concrete. But after the collapse of the Western Roman Empire, concrete was only used rarely. Concrete as a building material was redeveloped in the mid-18th century. One of the most significant uses of concrete pavement came about in the 1950s with the start of the Interstate Highway System in the US. There are about 45,000 miles of interstate highway in the US. About 60 percent is concrete.

Federal Ministry of Health (Germany)

The Federal Ministry of Health (BMG) is a Ministry of the Federal Republic of Germany. The ministry's headquarters are still in Bonn and the second office is in Berlin.

The "Federal Ministry of Health Services" () was formed in 1961. Between 1969 and 1991 it was part of the Federal Ministry of Youth, Family, and Health or Youth, Family, Women and Health

It became independent again as the Federal Ministry of Health in 1991. In 2002 it took over control of Social Security, but the in Federal Ministry of Health and Social Security () only lasted for three years. In 2005 it was reduced to just health, and the Social security part of its work went to the Ministry of Labour and Social Affairs ()

Some of the jobs of the federal Ministry of Health are:

The BMG oversees:


Official website

Federal Ministry for the Environment, Nature Conservation, Nuclear Safety and Consumer Protection

The Federal Ministry for the Environment, Nature Conservation, Nuclear Safety and Consumer Protection is a ministry of the Federal Republic of Germany. Its first headquarters is in Bonn. It has a second base in Berlin.

Headquarters in Bonn.

The Federal Ministry of the Environment () is in charge of the ecological policy of the federal government. It is also in charge of environmental protection. Being in charge of nuclear reactor safety helps the BMU protect the environment. The Federal minister appoints two junior ministers () to help him. These two help the minister in the Bundestag and in making policy, they have no power to make rules or change the way the department works.

814 people work for the ministry, in one of six departments:

In addition,

are controlled by the BMU.

If extra help is needed the BMU can get expert help from

In 2005 the BMU's budget was 769 million euros. This is about ten percent of the total amount spent on the environment by the federal government. This is because several other ministries also have money to spent on environmental tasks.

The ministry was set up on 6 June 1986, about five weeks after the serious reactor disaster at Chernobyl. The Federal Government wanted to bring all responsibility for preventing a disaster in Germany, or clearing up if a disaster happened, under one ministry.

The first minister stayed for less than a year, because he became Minister President of Hesse. His successor became director of the United Nations Environment Programme, UNEP. The time when Angela Merkel was in charge was not very good for the BMU. Economic problems became more important than environmental protection .

The red-green coalition of 1998 saw Jürgen Trittin of (Bündnis 90/Die Grünen) become minister. The idea of an environmental tax and ending nuclear power became important.


Villa Los Almácigos

Villa Los Almácigos is a city and municipality of the Santiago Rodríguez province, in northwestern Dominican Republic. It is also called "Los Almácigos", or just simply "Villa".

On 6 March 1863, there was a meeting in this town of the leaders of the Restoration War against Spain. The Dominicans had lost the first battles and in this meeting they decided to stop the fight for a moment and they went to Haiti to prepare for the next battles.

In 1937, it was named "Villa Generalísimo" in honor of the dictator Trujillo but in 1962 the town got again its old name.

Villa Los Almácigos was elevated to the category of municipal district of San Ignacio de Sabaneta by the law 659 of 2 May 1974. It is municipality since 19 September 1996.

The municipality had, in , a total population of 11,183: 6,069 men and 5,684 women. The urban population was of the total population.

Villa Los Almácigos is on the northern side of the "Cordillera Central" ("Central mountain range") and has a total area of , about of the total area of the province of Santiago Rodríguez. The city is an elevation of , and at to the west of Sabaneta, the capital of the province.

It does not have any municipal district (a municipal district is a subdivision of a municipality).

The municipality of Villa Los Almácigos has the municipality of Sabaneta to the north and east, the Elías Piña province to the south and the Dajabón province to the west.

The main economic activity of the municipality is farming.

Epic Records

Epic Records is an American record label with several sub-companies around the world. It is owned by Sony Music Entertainment, but was originally owned by CBS. The company started in 1953, and over the years has signed artists and bands such as Fiona Apple, Michael Jackson, Céline Dion, Pearl Jam, KISS, AC/DC, Rage Against the Machine, Heart, Boston and Modest Mouse.

"The following is a list of labels Epic Records has distributed:"



Aniwa, Wisconsin

Aniwa is a village in Shawano County, Wisconsin, United States. The population is 272 people as of 2000. Aniwa has an area of 2.1 square miles, of which .04 square miles is water.

Mumpf

Mumpf is a municipality of the district Rheinfelden in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Murgenthal

Murgenthal is a municipality of the district of Zofingen in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Limerick

Limerick () is a city and the county seat of County Limerick in the historical province of Munster, in the midwest of Ireland. The city lies on the River Shannon, with three main crossing points near the city centre. In 2022 there were 205,444 people living in the city. More than 34,000 were students and half the population were under 35. 


Wexford

Wexford (coming from Old Norse "Veisafjǫrðr" meaning "mudflat, stagnant pool", also Irish: "Loch Garman", Latin: "Menapia") is the county town of County Wexford in the Republic of Ireland. It is found near the south-eastern tip of Ireland, close to Rosslare Europort. 

The town is connected to the capital, Dublin, via the N11 National Primary Route (European route E1), and the national rail network. It also has a major ferry port with modern terminal, Rosslare Europort. The port is in South East Wexford.

Drogheda

Drogheda ( or ) ("Droichead Átha" in Irish, meaning "Bridge of the Ford") is an industrial and port town in County Louth on the east coast of Ireland, 56 km (35 mi) north of Dublin. 

Within legally defined boundaries, Drogheda is the second largest town in Ireland, behind its county neighbour, Dundalk; however, the town's total population (including suburbs and environs) is recorded to be 35,090, five inhabitants more than Dundalk.

<br>


Muri (disambiguation)

Muri can refer to:

Switzerland:

Estonia

Nigeria:

India

Other:

Hallstadt

Hallstadt is a town in the Upper Franconian district of Bamberg. It is on the left bank of the river Main, north of Bamberg. The town has a population of about 8500 people.

Muri, Aargau

Muri is a municipality of the district of Muri in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

It was best known for the Muri Abbey, which dissolved in 1841.

County Kildare

County Kildare () is an Irish county to the southwest of Dublin. It is in the province of Leinster. The name comes from the Irish, meaning church ("Cill") of the oaks ("Dara").


Straffan

Straffan () is a village in County Kildare, Ireland on the banks of the River Liffey, 25 km upstream of the Irish capital Dublin. 

With a population (according to the census of 2006) of 439 – an increase since 2002 of 32.2% – Straffan is the 31st most populous centre in County Kildare.


2006 Ryder Cup

The 36th Ryder Cup Matches were held between 22 and 24 September 2006 at The K Club, Straffan, Co. Kildare, Ireland. Team Europe won the competition by a score of 18½ to 9½, equalling their record winning margin of 2 years earlier. This was the first time Europe had achieved three successive victories. Swedish rookie Henrik Stenson made the winning putt, just moments after Luke Donald had sunk a putt to ensure Europe retained the trophy.


Dawlish

Dawlish () is a town on the south coast of Devon, South West England. It is 12 miles from the County town of Exeter. The town has a population of around 13,000 people. During the eighteenth century, it grew from a small fishing port to become a well-known seaside resort.

The Great Western Railway runs along the sea. It is the main line to Cornwall. In 2014 a storm washed it away and it was closed for 8 weeks. It has now been reinforced with a much stronger sea wall.

Dawlish was one of the pumping stations for Isambard Kingdom Brunel's atmospheric railway which opened in 1846. 


Newquay

Newquay () is a town, civil parish, seaside resort, and fishing port on the north Atlantic coast of Cornwall, South West England. It is bounded to the west by the River Gannel and its associated salt marsh, and in the east by the Porth Valley. The town has been expanding inland (south) since it was founded. According to the 2001 census, it had a permanent population of 19,423. It is the largest holiday resort in Cornwall, and it is served by Newquay Airport. The large beach provides very good conditions for surfing. There are numerous shops, ranging from the usual charity shops to shops selling many different brands of surf clothing. There are many places to enjoy eating within the town. 
As with the rest of the British Isles and South West England, Newquay experiences a maritime climate with cool summers and mild winters. The nearest Met Office weather station is St. Mawgan/Newquay Airport, about 3.5 miles to the north east of the town centre. Temperature extremes in the area since 1960 vary from in June 1976 and August 1995 down to during January 1987.


Cairnryan

Cairnryan is a small Scottish village overlooking Loch Ryan and is notable today for its large modern ferry port, operated by P&O, which links Scotland with Larne in Northern Ireland. The village has been of vital importance in maritime history.


Stranraer

Stranraer (Gaelic: "An t-Sròn Reamhar", ) is a town in the south of Scotland in the west of the region of Dumfries and Galloway and in the county of Wigtownshire. It was formerly the ferry port connecting Scotland with Belfast in Northern Ireland. Ferries now leave from Cairnryan.

Coleraine

Coleraine () is a very large town in County Londonderry, Northern Ireland near to the mouth of the River Bann. It is northwest of Belfast and east of Derry City, both of which are linked by major roads and railway connections. George Best Belfast City Airport to the south–east, City of Derry Airport, to the west, and the main regional airport, Belfast International Airport, to the south are all relatively accessible from Coleraine.



County Down

County Down, ("Contae an Dúin" in Irish - meaning "the Fort") is one of six counties that form Northern Ireland, and one of the nine counties of the ancient province of Ulster

The county forms an area of 2,448 km² (945 square miles). The estimated population in 1992 was 416,600, a more recent approximation puts it at about 516,000. The county town is Downpatrick, and the largest town is Bangor.



Rostrevor

Rostrevor (in Irish: "Ros Treabhair", i.e. Trevor’s Wood, also "Caislean Ruairi", i.e. Rory's Castle) is a village in County Down, Northern Ireland. It is on Carlingford Lough and the hill of Slieve Martin, at the base of the Mourne Mountains and on the Kilbroney River. It had a population of 2,444 in the 2001 Census. The town is known for its folk music festival, Fiddler's Green Festival . It is in the Newry and Mourne District Council area. The name 'Rostrevor' first appeared circa 1618 and was named after Rose Ussher (the daughter of Henry Ussher, the Anglican Archbishop of Armagh) by her husband Edward Trevor (who came from Brynkynallt in Wales).

Tropical Storm Chris (2006)

Tropical Storm Chris was the fourth tropical storm of the 2006 Atlantic hurricane season. Forming on July 31 in the Atlantic Ocean east of the Leeward Islands from a tropical wave, Chris moved to the west-northwest, skirting the northern fringes of the Caribbean islands. Chris was a short-lived storm, reaching a peak intensity with winds at 65 mph (100 km/h) on August 2, while north of St. Martin. The storm gradually weakened before finally dissipating on August 5, near eastern Cuba.

Overall impact was minimal, amounting to moderate amounts of rainfall throughout its path. No deaths were reported.

A tropical wave moved westward off the coast of Africa on July 27. Dvorak classifications began on July 30 in response to an increase in vertical depth and organization of the convection. On July 31 a buoy recorded a change of wind direction from northeast to west, indicating a small low pressure area formed. Convective organization rapidly increased as it turned to the northwest, and the system developed into Tropical Depression Three on August 1 while located about 235 miles (375 km) east-southeast of Barbuda.

Forecasters originally predicted wind shear from an upper level low would prevent strengthening and cause dissipation within three days. However, the depression continued to organize as deep convection continued to develop near the circulation despite moderate amounts of wind shear, and the system strengthened into Tropical Storm Chris six hours after developing. The convection slowly covered the entire system, and by late on the 1st Chris reached winds of 60 mph (95 km/h) while passing 50 miles (80 km) north of the northern Leeward Islands. The structure of Chris continued to improve and become more symmetrical, and an upper level eye feature developed early on August 2. The storm reached a peak intensity of 65 mph (100 km/h) shortly thereafter while 120 miles (195 km) east of St. Thomas. Upper level shear dissipated the well-defined inner core of the storm, and Chris started to weaken.

Early on August 3, strong wind shear over Chris removed the deep convection from the low level circulation, while a building ridge to its north turned the storm towards the west into an area of drier air. By mid-day on the 3rd the circulation was devoid of any convection within 85 miles (135 km), while the deeper convection spread across Puerto Rico and Hispaniola. Late on August 3, deep convection developed over the center of circulation again, though persistent vertical shear weakened Chris to a tropical depression on August 4.Convection remained minimal, and Chris degenerated into a remnant area of low pressure late on August 4. Late on August 5, convection increased in the remnants of the storm. The remnant circulation dissipated near Havana, Cuba on August 6.

When the National Hurricane Center published its first advisory on Tropical Depression Three, the governments of Antigua and Barbuda, Anguilla, Saint Kitts and Nevis, and the British Virgin Islands also gave out Tropical Storm Warnings. When the depression strengthened to Tropical Storm Chris, Tropical Storm Warnings were also issued for Saba, Sint Eustatius, Saint-Barthélemy, and Saint Martin. Three Royal Caribbean cruise ships changed their paths to avoid the storm. FEMA representatives coordinated with local emergency management officials in the United States Virgin Islands to determine if preparation necessities would be needed. In St. Thomas, all jet flights were cancelled in and out of the island, though small airlines were permitted to fly during the storm. Ferry service from Saint Martin to Anguilla was cancelled for a short period of time. Saint Martin officials recommended citizens to secure all loose items, for coastal residents to prepare for high surf, and for construction sites to secure all loose equipment. A small craft advisory was also issued for coastal waters of Saint Martin due to strong waves from the storm.

On August 1, officials in Puerto Rico issued a tropical storm warning for the island. The next day, about 600 tourists evacuated the islands of Vieques and Culebra. Citizens in Puerto Rico prepared for the storm by stocking up on supplies and visiting gas stations. On August 2, the government of the Bahamas issued a Hurricane Watch for the Turks and Caicos Islands, the Acklins and Crooked Islands, Ragged Island, Inagua, and Mayaguana. Officials urged citizens to stock up on hurricane supplies, while boat owners in Staniel Cay secured their boats.

In response to the storm's projected path into the Gulf of Mexico, prices for crude oil rose on the New York Mercantile Exchange at branch offices in London. Natural gas prices rose considerably on August 2. Anticipation of a threat to supply by a potential Hurricane Chris coupled with high demand during an ongoing heat wave were cited as part of the reasons in the price move. In New Orleans, officials including Mayor Ray Nagin prepared for a possible evacuation of the city if Chris entered the Gulf of Mexico as a hurricane to avoid a re-occurrence of Hurricane Katrina around 1 year prior. Florida Emergency Management requested 10 mobile recovery centers, and placed hospitals in the Florida Keys on standby for evacuation. Officials in Mississippi identified the need for 110 to assist in an evacuation process in case of a possible landfall.

Damage caused by Tropical Storm Chris was minor and limited to local flooding.

St. Thomas received brief amounts of heavy rain, with totals of over 3 inches (75 mm). Anguilla reported light rain and wind gusts of up to 21 mph (34 km/h). In St. John the storm caused peak wind gusts of 23 mph (37 km/h) along with moderately heavy rainfall of nearly 3 inches (75 mm), along with reports of lightning near the storm's center. Though impact was minimal in Saint Martin, Governor Franklyn Richards recognized the storm preparations served as a wake up call for citizens who were not ready for the hurricane season. In San Juan, Puerto Rico, the storm caused very little wind or rain. Convection dissociated from the center of the storm produced 30 mph (48 km/h) wind gusts and over 1.3 inches (33 mm) of rain in Culebra. Rainfall peaked at 3.09 inches (78 mm) in Fajardo. The Fajardo River overflowed its banks. The overflown waters temporarily closed a highway in the northeastern portion of the island.

Rainfall reached up to 2 inches (50 mm) across portions of Hispaniola, the Turks and Caicos, the Bahamas, and eastern Cuba, and reached 4 inches (100 mm) in some mountainous areas. In Santo Domingo heavy rainfall caused severe flooding. Las Américas reported 5.01 inches/127 mm of rainfall. Several people were left temporarily homeless from the flood waters entering their households. The flooding left many roads impassable near the capital city, and also resulted in landslides. The flooding also covered rice fields in the northeastern portion of the country. The National Office of Meteorology issued flood warnings for residents in low-lying areas and near rivers in the northeast and southeast portions of the country. Despite the flooding, overall damage was minor, and there are no casualties associated with Chris.



Saint Thomas, U.S. Virgin Islands

Saint Thomas is an island in the Caribbean Sea. It is a county and constituent district of the United States Virgin Islands (USVI). The territorial capital and port of Charlotte Amalie is on the island. As of the 2000 census, Saint Thomas had 51,181 people, about 47% of the US Virgin Islands total. The district has a land area of 80.9 km² (31.24 sq mi).



Saint John, U.S. Virgin Islands

Saint John is an island in the Caribbean Sea. It is a constituent district of the United States Virgin Islands (USVI). It is the smallest of the three main USVI islands.

St. John is about 4 miles east of Saint Thomas, and 4 miles south and west of Tortola, part of the British Virgin Islands. It is 50.8 km² (19.61 sq mi) in area. It has a population of 4,197 (2000 census).



Culebra

Culebra (meaning "snake" in Spanish) has several meanings:

Neuenhof, Aargau

Neuenhof is a municipality of the district of Baden in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Niederlenz

Niederlenz is a municipality in Lenzburg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Niederrohrdorf

Niederrohrdorf is a municipality in the district of Baden in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Niederwil, Aargau

Niederwil is a municipality of the district of Bremgarten in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Oberbözberg

Oberbözberg was a municipality, in the new municipality of Bözberg and district of Brugg in canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Oberentfelden

Oberentfelden is a municipality of the district of Aarau of the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Oberflachs

Oberflachs was a municipality of the district of Brugg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland. On 1 January 2014, the former municipalities of Oberflachs and Schinznach-Dorf merged into the new municipality of Schinznach.


Oberhof, Aargau

Oberhof is a municipality of the district of Laufenburg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Federal Ministry of Finance (Germany)

The Federal Ministry of Finance () (BMF) is a ministry of the Federal Republic of Germany. It is based in Berlin and Bonn. It is led by the Minister of Finance, whose office is in the Detlev-Rohwedder House in Wilhelmstraße, Berlin. This was the old Reich Air Ministry Building. The ministry is supported by a scientific advisory board.
The ministry works out how much the government can spend each year, and how to raise that money, in income tax and other taxes.

To help it do this, the ministry controls :

Between 1990 and 1993, the senior civil servant () was Horst Köhler (CDU) who went on to become Federal President in, 2004.

Oberhofen, Aargau

Oberhofen was a municipality, in the new municipality of Mettauertal and district of Laufenburg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Oberkulm

Oberkulm is a municipality in Kulm, in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Oberlunkhofen

Oberlunkhofen is a municipality of the district of Bremgarten, in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Obermumpf

Obermumpf is a municipality of the district of Rheinfelden in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.


Oberrohrdorf

Oberrohrdorf is a municipality of the district of Baden in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Heat wave

A heat wave is a period of unusually warm or very hot weather, and may be accompanied by high humidity. "Heat wave" is not an exact term: Any weather that feels warmer than people expect, might be called a heat wave. For example, temperatures normal for a warmer climate might be called a "heat wave" by people living in a place that is usually cooler. So a "heat wave" could mean a little warm weather, (like "several days as hot as summer, but in winter"), or temperatures so high they make history, (such as, "the hottest summer in a hundred years").



Ray Nagin

Clarence Ray Nagin, Jr. () (born June 11, 1956) was the mayor of New Orleans. He was first elected on March 2, 2002, to succeed his fellow Democrat, Marc Morial. Nagin gained international attention in 2005 in the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina, which devastated the New Orleans area.

In 2014, Nagin was convicted on twenty of twenty-one charges of wire fraud, bribery, and money laundering related to bribes from city contractors before and after Hurricane Katrina<ref name="New Orleans Times Picayune/nola.com">Live coverage: Ray Nagin convicted, guilty on 20 charges | NOLA.com</ref> and was sentenced to ten years in federal prison.


New York Mercantile Exchange

The New York Mercantile Exchange (NYMEX) is the world's largest physical commodity futures exchange. It is in New York City. Its two principal divisions are the New York Mercantile Exchange and the New York Commodities Exchange (COMEX) which were once independent companies but are now merged.


Saba

Saba (spoken as "Sah-ba") is the smallest island of the Caribbean Netherlands and the former Netherlands Antilles. It is a special municipality (public body) of the Netherlands. It lies at . It is mostly made up of Mount Scenery (877 m), the highest point of the Kingdom of the Netherlands. Scenery is a dormant volcano.

Saba has a land area of 13 km² (5 sq. miles). At the 2001 Netherlands Antilles census, 1,349 people lived there. In 2004, about 1,424 people lived there.


Sint Eustatius

Sint Eustatius, also known as Statia, or Saint Eustace, is one of the islands which make up the Caribbean Netherlands and formerly the Netherlands Antilles. It is in the northern, Leeward Islands portion of the West Indies, some distance southeast of the Virgin Islands. It forms part of the inner arc of the Leeward Island chain, lying immediately to the northwest of Saint Kitts and Nevis and to the southeast of Saba at . The regional capital is Oranjestad. It is named after the legendary Catholic Saint Eustace.

Sint Eustatius is a special municipality (public body) of the Netherlands. 

Sint Eustatius has a land area of 21 km² (8.1 sq. miles). At the 2001 Netherlands Antilles census, the population was 2,292 inhabitants, which means a population density of 109 inh. per km². In 2004, the population was estimated at 2,498 inhabitants.


Royal Caribbean International

Royal Caribbean International () is a Norwegian-American cruise ship company based in Miami, Florida.


Inagua

Inagua is the southernmost district of the Bahamas. It is the islands of Great Inagua and Little Inagua.

Great Inagua is the third largest island in the Bahamas at 596 square miles (1544 km²) and lies about 55 miles (90 km) from the eastern tip of Cuba. The island is about 55 × 19 miles (90 × 30 km) in extent, the highest point being 108 ft (33 m) on East Hill. It encloses several lakes, most notably the 12-mile long Lake Windsor (also called Lake Rosa) which occupies nearly ¼ of the interior. The population of Great Inagua is 969 (2000 census).
The island's capital and only harbour is Matthew Town.

There is a large bird sanctuary in the centre of the island. There are more than 80,000 West Indian Flamingoes and many other exotic birds such as the native Bahama Parrot, the Bahama woodstar hummingbird, Bahama pintails, Brown pelicans, Tri-colored herons, Snowy egrets, Reddish egrets, Stripe-headed tanangers, Cormorants, Roseate spoonbills, American kestrels, and Burrowing owls.

Acklins and Crooked Islands

Acklins and Crooked Islands was a district of the Bahamas until 1996, and as Acklins, Crooked Island and Long Cay until 1999. The islands are at .

The population of Acklins was 428, and Crooked Island 350, at the 2000 census.

Since 1999, Acklins and Crooked Island are separate districts.

Mayaguana

Mayaguana is the most easterly island and district of the Bahamas. It is one of only two Bahamian islands which retain their Arawak names, the other being Inagua. The population of Mayaguana in the 2000 census was 259 and is currently about 312. It has an area of about 110 square miles.


Indie rock

Indie rock is a subgenre of alternative rock music which originated in the United Kingdom and North America in the early 1980s. Initially a form of independent music, it was based on small labels with low budgets which produced lo-fi rock records. Indie rock, as a genre, is very diverse; indie rock has several subgenres, and each vary greatly in style. Nevertheless, indie rock distinguishes itself from indie pop as it is generally rougher and more hard-edged. 

Indie rock and alternative rock are often used interchangeably. Nevertheless, there are some differences between the genres. Initially, the term "indie" was used for British-based music, whilst "alternative" for American. In 1986, British magazine "NME" released a cassette, "C86", which defined much of the sound of what is today regarded as "indie" music, notably the usage of jangly guitar sounds, retro elements borrowing from 1960s rock bands, and a DIY, amateur-like sound.

According to About.com, the term indie has two different general meanings in the UK and North America. In the UK, "indie" is a term used to describe "melancholy" and "non-rock" ballad-based music; in North America, on the other hand, "indie" is often used to refer to retro-sounding, "twee" and "Anglophilic" music.

Today, indie rock has been able to find some commercial success. Popular indie rock acts and artists include R.E.M., Pavement, Regina Spektor and Superchunk, to name a few.

Additionally, indie rock has fused to create several new genres and subgenres. Indietronica, or indie electronic music, is a genre which fuses elements of indie rock, pop and electronic music, and often makes usage of synthesizers and drum machines. Alternative dance music, or indie dance, is also a genre which fuses elements of electronic dance music, alternative rock, indie rock and new wave, usually incorporating elements of the rock genres and using them in a dance-based context.

Catabolism

Catabolism is a kind of metabolism 

Catabolism is what happens when you digest food and the molecules break down in the body for use as energy. Large, complex molecules in the body are broken down into smaller, simple ones. An example of catabolism is glycolysis. This process is almost the reverse of gluconeogenesis.

And it's the process of breaking the chemical bonds among the atoms of macromolecules to extract the chemical energy that is stored in them, such as releasing the energy that results from the glucose oxidation (during Cellular respiration process).


Acetic acid

Acetic acid, or ethanoic acid, (CHCOOH) is a carboxylic acid. It is the main compound of vinegar, other than water. 

It tastes and smells sour; it has no color. Its melting point is 16.5 °C(61.6 °F) and its boiling point is 118.1 °C(244.5 °F). It has a pH of 2.4.

Acetic acid is commonly used as a food additive. It has the E numbers E 260 (acetic acid). 

Potassium acetate (E 261), sodium acetate (E 262), and calcium acetate (E 2639) are salts of acetic acid; they are commonly used to preserve food, usually vegetables. In sourdough, ethanol fermentation is used. 

Boris Becker

Boris Franz Becker (born 22 November 1967) is a German retired tennis player. He was born in Leimen, Germany. At the age of 17, he became the youngest ever winner at Wimbledon in 1985. He won the contest while being unseeded. That means that he had not achieved enough to be assigned within an order of the better players at the start of the tournament.

He became a very successful player, winning the Wimbledon title again in 1986. Becker also helped West Germany win its first Davis Cup in 1988. In 1989, he won the Wimbledon, the US Open and another Davis Cup.

In 1991, he reached the World number 1 ranking by winning the Australian Open. Becker defeated Jim Courier in straight sets to win the 1992 Association of Tennis Professionals Tour World title. His final Grand Slam title was in 1996, where he beat Michael Chang for another Australian Open title in four sets.

Becker completed at the 1992 Summer Olympics where he won a gold medal in the men's doubles event.

Throughout his career, Becker won 49 singles titles and 15 doubles titles. He is known for his rivalry with certain players, including Ivan Lendl, Stefan Edberg and Michael Stich.


GCE Advanced Level

The General Certificate of Education Advanced Level (commonly shortened to A-Level) is a set of exams taken worldwide. They are usually taken during the end of secondary school. In the UK, they are usually taken two years after the students have completed GCSE or IGCSE exams. 

A-Levels are usually split into six parts, each with its own exam.

Most people study three A-Levels, and one AS-Level. An AS-Level is the first half of an A-Level. An AS-Level can be studied on its own, but to get an A-Level the second half must also be completed. The second half of an A-Level is an A2-Level. A student might opt to appear for their AS (Advanced Subsidiary) and A2 together in one go.

Students usually need A-Levels if they want to go to university to study for a degree.

Chinese New Year

Chinese New Year, known in China as the SpringFestival and in Singapore as the LunarNewYear, is a holiday on and around the new moon on the first day of the year in the traditional Chinese calendar. This calendar is based on the changes in the moon and is only sometimes changed to fit the seasons of the year based on how the Earth moves around the sun. Because of this, Chinese New Year is never on January1. It moves around between January21 and February20.

The Chinese New Year is one of the most important holidays for Chinese people all over the world. Its 7th day used to be used instead of birthdays to count people's ages in China. The holiday is still used to tell people which "animal" of the Chinese zodiac they are part of. The holiday is a time for gifts to children and for family gatherings with large meals, just like Christmas in Europe and in other Christian areas. Unlike Christmas, the children usually get gifts of cash in red envelopes ("hongbao") and not toys, clothes and electronics.

Chinese New Year used to last 15 days until the Lantern Festival on the year's first full moon. Now, it is a national holiday in the Republic and People's Republic of China, the Philippines, Singapore, Malaysia, Brunei, and Indonesia. It is also celebrated in some parts of Thailand. In some places, only the first day or three days are celebrated. In the PRC, nearby weekends are changed to create a 7-day-long "Golden Week".

The traditional new years in Vietnam (Tet) and in Korea (Korean New Year) are almost always on the same day as Chinese New Year but are sometimes different. The Japanese New Year used to work the same way but has been very different since some changes in the 19th century. Losar and Tsagaan Sar, the traditional Tibetan and Mongolian new years, are very close to the Chinese New Year but different ways of thinking about the moon's changes and adding months can make them happen weeks apart from the Chinese festival.

The Mandarin Chinese name of the holiday is "Chūn Jié", which means "Spring Festival". This is why it is often called the "Spring Festival" by Chinese speakers of English, even though the holiday always occurs in the winter months of January or February. Its name is written in traditional Chinese writing and in the easier writing now used by mainland China and Singapore. The Republic of China began to use this name in the 1910s, after it began to use the European calendar for most things.

Before that, the holiday was usually just called the "NewYear". Because the traditional Chinese calendar is mostly based on the changes in the moon, the Chinese New Year is also known in English as the "Lunar New Year" or "Chinese Lunar New Year". This name comes from "Luna", an old Latin name for the moon. The Indonesian name for the holiday is Imlek, which comes from the Hokkien word for the old Chinese calendar and is therefore also like saying "Lunar New Year".

Another old name for the holiday was "Lìchūn", meaning "Early Spring". In Chinese, this is also a special name for the sun's place from about February4 to 19 each year, when the sun is 45 to 30° ahead of its place on the 1stday of spring. The name is not often used to talk about the Chinese New Year any more. On Taiwan, the real "Lichun" has been called "Farmer's Day" since 1941. A year between two Chinese New Years without it is thought to be unlucky for marriages.

Chinese New Year always starts on a new moon, when the Moon is between the Earth and Sun and it looks all dark in the night sky. Because new moons happen about every 29.53 days but the year set by Pope GregoryXIII is 365.2425 days long, the Chinese holiday moves to different days each year. The Chinese calendar adds a 13th month every so often to keep the seasons in the right place, so the first day of the new year always happens between January21 and February20 on the 2nd or 3rd new moon after the 1st day of winter. The chart on the right gives the day of each Chinese New Year from 1996 to 2031.

In the past, the Chinese emperors did not number their years from one place. Instead, they gave names to eras (groups of years) any time they wanted. Since they still changed its number at every new year festival, the first year of a new era might only be a few days long. One example of this is the "1st year of Kaiyuan" during the Tang, which lasted a week or so in 713 AD. In the same way, people in China and around East Asia did not count their ages from zero or add one year at every birthday. They counted birth as the start of their 1st year and added another year upon the 7th day of the New Year, which they called People's Day ("Rénrì"). This came from an old story about how a goddess named Nüwa made all the animals. The day she made people was used as the common birthday for everyone. In this way, people sometimes called a baby who born on the 6th day of the New Year a 2-year-old only a few hours after its birth. (Today, it is much more common in China to count age starting at zero and add years at birthdays, like in English-speaking countries.)

The Chinese used to keep time using 2 different lists of characters, known in English as the 10Heavenly Stems and the 12Earthly Branches. The stems were the 10 days of the week under the Shang dynasty, each with its own sun and a special gift to different dead family members of the king. The branches were parts of the almost 12-year path that Jupiter takes around the sun. Each is said to be yin (dark or female) or yang (bright or male), so that when they are put together they make a list of 60 pairs. (The current list began in 1984 and will end in 2043.) Later, each of the stems was also said to match one of the 5 Chinese elements—wood, fire, dirt, metal, or water—and each of the branches was said to be a different animal: Rat, Ox & Cow, Tiger, Rabbit, Dragon, Snake, Horse, Goat, Monkey, Rooster & Chicken, Dog, and Pig. The Han Chinese list begins with the Year of the "Wood Rat"; the Tibetan list is much the same but begins with the Year of the "Fire Rabbit".

Today, Chinese people don't use these lists to count hours, days, or years but many still pay attention to the animal of the year when someone was born. Just like with the European zodiac, some people think the year's animal can change how someone thinks and acts. They even think it can change whether a marriage will be a happy one or not. Newspapers pay writers to give them ideas for how lucky different animals will be during the coming week. Many parents even time their children's birth within a year or two to give them the best animal sign: a Chinese primary school might have full classrooms of "golden Dragon" students but noticeably fewer "dirt Rats". For those who do believe such things, it is important to notice that the traditional Chinese calendar's year starts at a different time from the usual year. People may say that 2017 is the "Year of the Rooster and Chicken" but the people born in January or early February 2018 will still be "Roosters" and "Chickens" and those born in the first few weeks of 2017 were still "Monkeys".

Chinese tradition said that the Chinese calendar began during the 60th year of the reign of the Yellow Emperor in 2637 BC, with New Year celebrations beginning in that year. As far as we now know, it's much less old than that. Parts of the old ways of counting time given above are at least as early as 1250 BC, during the Shang times. Most of it was known by the Zhou (11th–3rd centuries BC). The 5 elements and small points were set by the Han (2nd century BC–2nd century AD). From eastern China, the calendar and its new year spread to nearby places like Vietnam (111 BC), Korea (before 270 AD), Japan (604), and Tibet (around 641). It also followed the overseas Chinese to their new homes in Thailand, the Philippines, Indonesia, Malaysia, and other places.

The Shang kings (16th–11th centuries BC) gave special gifts to their gods and dead family members during the winter of each year. Under the Zhou, people were having harvest festivals like today's Mid-Autumn Festival by about 1000 BC. Over time, common people started to give gifts to their gods and their dead family members, just like the king. Parts of the harvest festival stopped being thanks and celebration of the last year. They moved to before the planting of the seeds and became wishes and celebration of good luck in the next year.

By the early Han, people were counting their birthdays from People's Day on the 7th day of the New Year. The order of animals' birthdays was said to be Roosters and Chickens on the New Year, Dogs on the next day, Pigs on the day after that, Goats on the 4th, Oxen and Cows on the 5th, Horses on the 6th, and then people. About the same time, people started burning bamboo to make loud noises to welcome the New Year and scare away bad things.

People started carefully cleaning their homes, having large family dinners, and staying up late on the day before Chinese New Year by the end of the Three Kingdoms (3rd century). By the end of the Jin in the 5th century, these things had become a common part of Chinese life. Some Taoist magicians may have made gunpowder as early as the Han or Jin, but they certainly had it by the 9th century at the end of the Tang. Over the next few centuries, fireworks and firecrackers replaced burning bamboo as a way to chase away anything bad and to welcome in the New Year.

Dragon dances had appeared by the time of the Han. People thought that Chinese dragons like Yinglong and Shenlong were kinds of gods who had power over where the water in rivers and canals went and when the water in clouds would fall as rain. Because this was very important for farming, dragon dances could happen all through the year when rain was needed. Different parts of today's dragon dances began at different times, with some at least as old as the Song (about 1150) and others very new, like using special paint that glows under black light.

Lion dances were probably newer. China has not had its own lions since the spread of people out of Africa into the rest of the world. The earliest lions in Chinese books were gifts to the Han emperor from Parthia and other people who lived along the Silk Road connecting Chinese and Roman businesses. There was lion dancing under the Tang and in Japan by the 8th century, but people still thought of it as a foreign dance used by Buddhists. Today, people talk about "Northern" and "Southern" kinds of lion dances. The special northern kind began under the Southern Song (12th–13th century). The special southern kind began in Guangdong later, maybe under the Ming (14th–17th century).

As part of other changes, the Meiji Emperor of Japan ordered in 1873 that the new year celebrations of his country would be held on January1. Today, even most of the traditional Japanese celebrations now occur on that day, not at the same time as Chinese New Year. In 1928, the Nationalist Party of China tried to change the Chinese celebrations to January1, too, but this completely failed as the Chinese people protested or ignored the new laws and continued as usual.

In 1965, some people tried to change Indonesia's government, making its army less powerful. They failed and Suharto said they were working for Indonesia's Communists, who were working with Mao Zedong's Communist China. In 1967, Suharto helped make laws against using Chinese language or culture, including any celebration of Chinese New Year. These laws were not changed until after the fall of Suharto in 1998. Indonesia made Chinese New Year a national holiday for everyone a few years later in 2003.

In 1967, as part of Mao Zedong's Cultural Revolution, the PRC's government did not celebrate or allow special time off work for the traditional new year. The State Council said that the people of China should "change customs" and have a "revolutionized and fighting Spring Festival". Public celebrations returned by the time of Deng Xiaoping's Opening Up Policy in the 1980s. In particular, the government helped with dragon and lion dancing, thinking that it was part of the special culture of Chinese people. Since the year 2000, Chinese New Year has been one of the PRC's Golden Weeks: there are three days of paid time away from work during the first few days and two weekends around it are moved to make a 7-day-long holiday. These Golden Weeks copied a similar Japanese idea.

In 2015, Sultan Hassanal Bolkiah set out tough new laws about the celebration of Chinese New Year in Brunei. This followed earlier laws like it about Christmas and is part of introducing traditional Islamic law to the country.

People in China usually try to be together with their family for at least the first few days of the holiday. Because of the large number of Chinese people and the many people who work away from their hometowns, all this "spring traveling" ("chunyun") is the biggest movement of people in the world every year.

Houses are cleaned completely. In former times, sacrifices were made to the gods and dead family members in the days before the holiday. A "reunion dinner" happens in the evening of the last day of the traditional year ("New Year's Eve"). Older and married people give younger ones cash in red envelopes known as "hongbao" in Mandarin Chinese or "laisee" in Cantonese. China Central Television puts on a long show with many star actors, singers, and dancers. It is usually the most-watched TV show in the world each year. Lately, its ads have also become some of the world's most expensive, although they are still behind those during the US Super Bowl.

Children don't need to go to bed early and stay up to midnight. Around 12 o'clock, the new year is welcomed with public fireworks and private firecrackers. Children are told that these remember a monster called "Nian" ("Year") who was scared away by a town's loud noises and bright lights on a Chinese New Year long in the past.

During the first few days of the new year, many people visit the homes of their grandparents, parents, and other relatives, as well as their closest friends. More "hongbao" may be given. Temples also have special fairs with lots of street food. There are Peking opera and martial arts shows and lion and dragon dances in major cities. Lion dancers usually have two people inside each lion. People feed the lions green plants and "hongbao", and the lions keep the money and spit out the plants. The dragon dancers usually hold the Dragon up on poles and chase a pearl held by another dancer. The dragons can be very long. So far, the longest was in Hong Kong in 2012. That one was a little over long. Hong Kong also has special horse races at its racetrack. A 100,000 people sometimes come to the big race on the 3rd day of the New Year, which has a lion dance and other shows. Guangzhou has several special flower festivals.

The day of the new year's first full moon is called the Lantern Festival. Many streets and homes are decorated with old paper lanterns. In the past, this was one of the few days of the year when the women of families with lots of money could go outside their homes. They walked the streets nearby with their maids and could say hello to people outside their family. This still causes the festival to make people think of young adults meeting their future husband or wife.

In Taiwan, most events and traditions are the same as those in China. The most important special event is the Yanshui Beehive Fireworks Festival, where fireworks are shot straight into the people watching the show. Being hit is supposed to bring good luck, but this used to be very unsafe. Today, people wear special hard hats (helmets) and thick clothes to protect them from the fire and fireworks. Another special event is the "Bombing of Master Handan" in Taitung, where people throw firecrackers straight at the members of a parade who are wearing only red underwear and towels. Taiwan's Hakka people have a tradition like this, where firecrackers are thrown at dragon dancers as they parade through towns. The dragon is then burnt up at the end of the dance. Taipei's City Lantern Festival also goes on for most of the holiday, not just during the 1-day Lantern Festival at the end.

Chinese New Year is a national holiday in the Philippines. People do not get money without working, but anyone who "does" have to work on the "special non-working day" gets 130% of the usual pay. Binondo—sometimes considered the world's oldest Chinatown—sees a lot of traditional celebrations, such as lion and dragon dances. Its people also try to pay back any money that they owe before the New Year.

In 2001, Davao City stopped letting people use fireworks because its people were hurting themselves too much. Their leader Rodrigo Duterte became president of the country and said that he wanted to stop fireworks everywhere. As president, however, he has so far continued to let people use them.

Chinese New Year () is a 1-day national holiday in Indonesia. Chinese people have lived there since at least the 15th century, when Zheng He's ships visited its islands for the Yongle Emperor of the Ming, and many more came when the Netherlands held the islands as a colony. Suharto stopped Chinese Indonesians from celebrating Chinese New Year in 1967. Some people had tried to change the government in 1965 and Suharto said Indonesian Communists and their friends in the PRC had done it. Things changed after the fall of Suharto in 1998, and Indonesia made Chinese New Year a national holiday for everyone in 2003.

Dragon and lion dances are common at shopping centers, which sometimes have special sales to let Chinese people buy new (often red) clothes to wear for the holiday. People cannot use fireworks in most of Indonesia, but some cities like Jakarta let people use firecrackers.

Some older Chinese traditions still survive in Indonesia. Like in the Philippines, people try to pay back any money they owe before the New Year. People also try not to lend any money during the holiday, because they think it will make them have to keep lending money for the whole year. Doors and windows are opened on the day before the New Year to "let the old year out", and people wake up early the next morning so they don't stay lazy the whole year. The red envelopes of money (Hokkien:"âng-pau") are given on the morning of New Year's Day, not at dinner on the night before it. Many make special trips to one of Indonesia's Chinese temples at some time during the holiday.

It is also still common to leave some food at the table for dead family members and to give them gifts as the New Year begins. Chicken is usually eaten with the head, tail, and feet still on, showing "completeness". White rice is eaten but fresh white tofu is not, because in Chinese culture its color makes some people think of death and bad luck.

Most of Malaysia gets two days off work for Chinese New Year: the New Year itself and the day after it. The largest celebrations happen around Petaling Street in Kuala Lumpur, at the Kek Lok Si Temple in George Town, in Ipoh, and on Jonker Street in Malacca. Some people still follow the tradition that the second day is used for married women to visit their parents, after visiting her husband's family on Chinese New Year's Day. Most Chinese Malaysians take the entire week off of work, despite the shorter length of the national holiday. Traditional Chinese use the 3rd day of the New Year to visit the resting places of family members who died in the last 3 years; people without a death in their family stay home.

An unusual tradition in Malaysia is the idea of "open house" dinners, especially on the 2nd and 3rd night of the holiday. Guests, friends, and even strangers from different races and religions can be let in to enjoy large dinners together. The Malaysian government even has its own "open houses" at community halls.

In addition to fireworks at the beginning of the New Year, many people light them on the 9th day of the holiday to celebrate the birthday of the Jade Emperor, the boss of the Chinese gods. The day was used for a special Hokkien New Year, the story going that, one time in the past, the Hokkien people had to hide from robbers for 8 days in a sugarcane field. Because of this story, lots of sugarcane is used for Malaysian decorations for Chinese New Year.

Teochew-style Yusheng, a fish-and-noodle dish, is extra common in Malaysia, where it is called "yeesang" or "prosperity toss". A restaurant in Seremban started getting people to eat it by throwing it high in the air for good luck in the 1940s, and people had so much fun that they have done it ever since. Properly, it should have 7 parts and be eaten on the 7th day of the holiday, but people now eat it in different ways, too. Another common dish is "steam boat", a kind of seafood hot pot. As in other Chinese places, eating and giving away oranges and tangerines is common in Malaysia. A special tradition is for women with no boyfriend or husband to throw an orange into the sea to find a man. Some now write their telephone numbers on the oranges they throw, and men will use boats to go out and get the fruit.

Many people in Malaysia who believe in Islam and Hinduism have also started giving red envelopes full of money—which Malaysians call "ang pow" from its Hokkien name "âng-pau"—during their own holidays, like Eid ("Syawal") and Divali ("Deepavali"). The Islamic ang pow usually have Arabic designs, and the Hindu ones are often purple.

Singapore, like Malaysia, has a national holiday for Chinese New Year and the day after it. It also sees lot of "steam boat" hot pot dinners. In 1972, the government stopped people from using their own fireworks during the holiday. Worried that people would find the next celebration less fun, they began the Chingay Parade the next year in 1973. In 1977, Indians and Malays joined the parade, which happens on the 8th day of the New Year. The parade is now the biggest in Asia, with more than 10,000 people in it and floats that showing every animal of the circle of Chinese years and the money god Cai Shen. More than 100,000 come to see it in person, and millions of people see it on TV. There are still government firework shows, and the people of Singapore now make noise during the holiday by hitting bamboo sticks together.

Holiday shopping and street shows are centered on Chinatown. Its Wishing Tree is filled with cards that tell people's hopes and dreams. The money from selling the cards is used for the area's activity center for the old.

Downtown, the holiday is used as a showcase for Chinese arts and customs. The Chinese Festival of Arts starts on the 5th day and runs for the rest of the holiday until the Lantern Festival. The National Gallery, Stamp Museum, and Asian Civilizations Museum let people in for free on some of the days of the holiday. For more than 10 years, Singapore has held a big lion dancing contest with teams coming from other countries across Southeast Asia. During the Lantern Festival on the 15th day of the New Year, there is the River Hongbao show on the Marina Bay Floating Platform and along the waterfront.

Chinese New Year, the day before it, the day after it, and the Lantern Festival are national holidays in Brunei. The country has had a large number of Chinese people since the 1930s and 40s, and the sultan sometimes comes to their New Year celebrations. Since 2015, however, Brunei has set out tough Islamic laws that try to stop Muslims from joining or even seeing the Chinese celebrations. Lion dances are allowed only at the last Chinese temple in Brunei, at Chinese schools, and at the homes of the Chinese. Only Chinese people can join the dance. People cannot use fireworks or firecrackers, and dances must stop during the hours of Islamic prayers. Breaking these rules risks as much as B$20,000 and 5 years of jail.

The Chinese New Year celebrations in North and South Korea are known as Korean New Year. The time in Beijing is 1 hour different from the time in the Korean capital cities of Pyongyang and Seoul. About one time every 24 years, this makes the Korean New Year start on the day after the Chinese New Year.

The Korean holiday is very close to the Chinese one, with families gathering, children being very nice to their parents and grandparents, and older people giving gifts of money to the young. The Korean holiday has different traditional foods and games, though.

The Chinese New Year celebrations in Vietnam are known as Tet. Like the Korean New Year, it sometimes happens on a different day. In 1967, North Vietnam changed its time so that its capital Hanoi is now 1 hour different from Beijing. This means that the new moon happens a day earlier in Vietnam about one time every 24 years. Vietnamese people also add a 13th month to their calendar at a different time from the Chinese, who always try to put the 1st day of winter in their 11th month. In some years, this makes Tet happen in the month after the Chinese New Year.

Like in Korea, the Vietnamese New Year is mostly the same as China's, with families gathering, children saying nice things to their parents and grandparents, and older people giving gifts of money to the young. There are some different foods and traditions, like their New Year tree or special games. Some of the differences come from changes in China: Tet sees more people do nice things for their dead family members. In China, most of the traditions like that were moved to Tomb Sweeping Day at the beginning of April.

The largest US and Canadian celebrations happen in Chinatowns. People eat Chinese food, give gifts, and have dragon parades that sometimes include marching bands. There is no national holiday with time off work, but different events go on for the full traditional 2 weeks up to the Lantern Festival.

In the United Kingdom, the celebration in London's Chinatown and Trafalgar Square drew 500,000 people in 2015.

The holiday is also so important to China that many world leaders will take time to send their good wishes to China and the Chinese people.

Most traditional customs have to do with getting more good luck for the new year and staying away from anything unhappy.

People hang up decorations, especially pairs of Chinese poems (couplets) on either side of their doors. Some put pictures of Taoist gods on the doors to scare away bad things. Live plants suggest growth, and flowers suggest coming fruits. Pussy willow is common in some places because its Chinese name sounds like "money coming in". It is very common for big decorations to look like the animal for the new year, so that 2017 had Rooster and Chicken pictures and statues and 2018 will have Dogs.

People used to welcome the New Year with "anything" that made loud noises, including drums, cymbals, or even woks and pots. The exact traditions were different in different parts of China. Fireworks and firecrackers became more and more common everywhere, but lately many places have stopped letting most people use them because of the danger of people hurting themselves, of fire, and of dirt in the air that can make people sick. There are still big firework shows in most big cities with many Chinese people, but the city government will do everything and other people just watch.

Visits to people's houses are done in new or well-kept clothes. People wear more red than usual, which makes them think of happy times like weddings, and wear less black and white, which makes some think of sad times like funerals. Red underwear is very common and is most commonly worn during New Years which have the same animal as the wearer's birth year (so, at ages 12, 24, 36, and so on). In Malaysia, it has even become common to give people such red underwear as gifts and for non-Chinese to wear all-red clothes during the season of the Chinese New Year.

There are some common things people say to wish good luck to each other, the most important being "gōngxǐ fācái" ("congratulations that you are now rich"). People try not to say bad words, tell ghost stories, or talk about death. Some even stay away from the number four, which sounds like "death" in Chinese. Crying babies are also thought to be bad luck, and family members will try to keep children happy during visits.

There are some old customs that only a few people or even no one does any more. People still do their "spring cleaning" before the holiday but, in old China, they did not sweep or wash clothes on New Year's Day itself. They were afraid of cleaning away good luck together with the dirt. For the same reason, some people did not wash their hair and were very careful not to break any tools. The 5th or 6th day after New Year, when they cleaned and threw away or burned all the trash, was a day for "sending off" the God of Being Poor, one of the sons of Zhuanxu. Today, it's more common to clean things as they get dirty, like on other days. Few do anything special about the God of the Poor. In the same way, people near Beijing thought that it was unlucky to cook or steam food for the first 5 days of the New Year. They would cook all of their next week of food 2 days before it, so it was ready for the reunion meal. They would add yeast to their dumpling skins the day before that, on the 28th day of the 12th month. The skins would have enough time to be ready but not enough time to go bad. Today, people cook or eat out all through the week. It is easy to buy ready-made skins at supermarkets, keep their homemade skins fresh in fridges, or just buy all their dumplings from nearby shops and there is nothing special about the 28th day. On People's Day, the 7th day of the holiday, people used to wear special headbands and thought good weather meant good luck for everyone in the coming year. Everyone used it to count their age, even when it was not their birthday. None of that is common any more.

Some traditions have been ended by the Chinese government. People used to run to be the first to set off fireworks and firecrackers at the beginning of the New Year at midnight, wherever they were. The dirty air this caused in big Chinese cities made children and old people sick. Now, the police stop people from doing this in many cities.

Taoist traditions that are less common now are giving gifts to the home's kitchen god on the 23rd or 24th day of the 12th month of the old calendar. People said the kitchen god watched the house for the Jade Emperor, the boss of the Chinese gods. The special decorations and gifts were given to him so that he would say nice things. The gods would then be nicer to the house for the next year. The kitchen god was thought to return to the house on the 4th day of the New Year. During the time he was "away", people used to feel they could get away from some hard rules about family life without anything bad happening. In the past, love matches would marry during those days with less rules and expense than a full wedding. Today, the days after the Chinese New Year are a common time for weddings but this is because everyone has time off work and not because of any ideas about luck or worry about the gods. In the same way, people used to give animals to Cai Shen, the god of money, on the 2nd or 5th day of the holiday. People used to take a break from visits on "Red Dog Day" ("Chìgǒu Rì"), the 3rd day of the holiday, when an angry god was said to bring bad luck to anyone walking around outside. Now, fewer and fewer people worry about those things.

The reunion dinners on the day before Chinese New Year are often the largest and most expensive of the year. Some families use special and expensive foods to gain face; others use meaningful foods to bring luck. Jiaozi (a kind of dumpling) are common in northern China. People think they look like the old Chinese silver bars and hold luck inside. Egg rolls and spring rolls like lumpia can also be made to look like golden bars, and oranges and tangerines are thought to look like gold coins. Noodles like "yimian" or Filipino pansit are eaten uncut to wish for long life. Some dishes are eaten because their Chinese names sound like lucky words, such as "fish" and "well-off". In Cantonese, "vegetable" sounds the same as "having money" ("choy") and "leek" sounds the same as "counting-and-planning" ("suan"). Because of this Cantonese people in China and in other countries try to have some during the New Year holidays. Niangao, called "tikoy" in the Philippines, is a kind of cake made from fried sticky rice and sugar. It is very common in southern China. In Chinese, its name sounds like "nián gāo" ("the year gets better") or "niánnián gāoshēng" ("getting better year after year"). Some people also think its stickiness is like a glue and use it as a wish for holding their family together. Indonesians call their niangao "basket cakes" because they mold theirs in bamboo baskets. They also have some special flavors in addition to vanilla and chocolate like pandan, a tree with good-smelling leaves. Some people fry tikoy with eggs; basket cakes are often steamed with pieces of coconut meat. Because most Chinese people in the Philippines speak Hokkien and not Mandarin Chinese, they also like to eat pineapples. In Hokkien, the word for "pineapple" sounds like the word for "having a lot of money".

Some Chinese also put out "Trays of Togetherness", dishes with eight different parts and eight different kinds of snack foods. Some common things to put in these trays are kumquats, longans, pieces of coconut meat, peanuts, candies, and melon and lotus seeds. Eight is a lucky number to many Chinese people, like seven in Europe and other places. These dishes are very common among Malaysian and Indonesian Chinese.

For the Lantern Festival, the special food is yuanxiao, small balls of sticky rice in a sweet soup. Lichun always happens near the Chinese New Year as well. It is celebrated by eating spring pancakes ("chūnbǐng").

Suite (music)

In music, a suite (pronounce "sweet") is a collection of short musical pieces which can be played one after another. The pieces are usually dance movements. The French word “suite” means “a sequence” of things, i.e. one thing following another.

In the 17th century many composers such as Bach and Handel wrote suites. They were collections of dances: usually an allemande, a courante, a sarabande and a gigue. Sometimes other dances were included as well, e.g. a minuet, gavotte, passepied or bourree. Sometimes the first movement was not a dance movement but an introduction. It may have been called a prelude or even overture. Some of Bach’s suites were called "Partitas". The French composer François Couperin called his suites "Ordres".

Bach wrote suites for orchestra which he called "overtures". Handel wrote two very famous collections of dance movements for orchestra: "Water Music" and "Music for the Royal Fireworks". These are also suites although they are not given that title. He also wrote 22 suites for keyboard, and Bach wrote "French Suites", "English Suites" and "Partitas" for keyboard as well as partitas for unaccompanied violin and suites for unaccompanied cello.

Earlier composers, e.g. Renaissance composers, had also written suites, but the word “suite” was not used until around the middle of the 17th century.
By the 1750s composers had stopped writing suites as the symphony and concerto had become popularized. 

In the late 19th century, the word "suite" started to be used again. Composers who had written operas or ballets with lots of popular dance movements often made an arrangement of these movements for orchestra so that it could be played at concerts. Tchaikovsky wrote the "Nutcracker Suite" which includes the most popular dances from his ballet "The Nutcracker". Some composers used the word "suite" for pieces with movements which had a common theme: Gustav Holst called "The Planets" a suite, as each movement is about one of the planets. French composers of the Impressionist period such as Ravel and Debussy wrote suites for piano.

Suite

Suite might mean:


Michael Chang

Michael Te-pei Chang (; born February 22, 1972) is an American retired tennis player. He was the youngest-ever male winner of a Grand Slam singles title, when he won the French Open in 1989 at the age of 17.

Chang was often in the Top 10 in the Association of Tennis Professionals world rankings for several years in the 1990s. His highest ranking (that is, the order in which it is shown how good he is in the sport at a certain time) was World No. 2.

When he won the French Open in 1989, Chang had a well known semi-final match with Ivan Lendl. Before the match, many people thought the unseeded Chang would lose to the No. 1 ranked Lendl. At first Chang was losing, but he won the important third set. Starting then, Chang began to have leg cramps, but won the match through determination. Today, many people remember this game as one of his best matches when the name Michael Chang is mentioned.

Chang was born in Hoboken, New Jersey, United States. His parents are Taiwanese. Chang is a Christian. With his family he started the Chang Family Foundation in 1999 "to introduce the Good News of Jesus Christ to the world".

Catalão

Catalão is a Brazilian city in the state of Goiás. It has 75.623 inhabitants. It covers . It was founded in 1833 and is today an important industrial center of state of Goiás.

Equus (genus)

Equus is a genus of mammals in the family Equidae. It includes horses, asses, and zebras. "Equus" is the only living (extant) genus of horses, and there are seven living species. They are the one-toed horses, and are adapted for living in various types of grasslands.

The term equine refers to any member of this genus. "Equus" has many extinct species known only from fossils. The genus most likely originated in North America and spread quickly to the Old World. Equines are odd-toed ungulates with slender legs, long heads, relatively long necks, manes (erect in most subspecies) and long tails. All species are herbivorous, and mostly grazers with simpler digestive systems than ruminants. They can live on low-quality vegetation.

Feral equine populations are widespread, but wild equines are found only in Africa and Asia. Wild populations may have a harem system. In this case one adult male or "stallion", several females or "mares" and their young or "foals". Otherwise they live in a territory where males control territories with resources that attract females. In both systems, females take care of the foals, though males may play a role as well. Equines communicate with each other visually and vocally. Human activities have threatened wild equine populations and out of the seven living species, only the plains zebra is still widespread and abundant.

The one-toed horses of the grasslands developed from smaller three-toed horses which lived more in forests and wooded savannahs. Before the coming of humans, horses were much more varied and widespread, though the number of species is not known.

There are seven species of living horses in the wild. They are:
"E. africanus"—African wild ass
"E. ferus"—wild horse
"E. grevyi"—Grévy's zebra
"E. hemionus"—onager
"E. kiang"—kiang
"E. quagga"—plains zebra
"E. zebra"—mountain zebra

This is not counting the many types of horse which mankind has modified by breeding. "Equus ferus" has been the species used by man as the basis of the various breeds of horse.

216 Kleopatra

216 Kleopatra is a Main belt asteroid found by Johann Palisa on April 10, 1880 in Pola. It is named after Cleopatra, the Queen of Egypt.

Kleopatra is an unusual object. Its odd shape was revealed by adaptive optics on the ESO 3.6m telescope at La Silla. By bouncing radar signals off the asteroid, a team of astronomers at the Arecibo radio telescope in Puerto Rico were able to develop a more detailed computer model of its shape, which confirmed the dog-bone like shape. A favored explanation is that Kleopatra is a contact binary: two similarly-sized asteroids that have hit and stuck together instead of breaking apart.

Kleopatra is a fairly big asteroid, measuring 217 × 94 × 81 km. It is believed to be a loosely packed metallic object, based on its radar albedo.



Federal Ministry of Defence (Germany)

The Federal Ministry of Defence (BMVg) is a Ministry of the Federal Republic of Germany. At present the headquarters of the ministry are still in Bonn with 3230 working in the Hardthöhe. The second office employs about 500 people in the Bendlerblock in Berlin.

The BMVg is at the highest Federal authority and the highest command authority of the defence forces. The BMVg has civilian and military departments:

Operatively the General Staff of the Defence Forces (or "FÜ S", which is short for ) is the most important, it has seven sections divided into 42 smaller sections

The press and information staff and the planning staff work directly under the minister

In peace time the Federal Minister of Defence is commander in chief of the Armed Forces, not the Federal President.

If Germany is attacked, or about to be attacked, command passes to the Chancellor.

In 1950 Chancellor Konrad Adenauer gave Theodor Blank the job of preparing for the time when Germany could have an army. In December 20 people where working in the "Blank Office". On 7 June 1955 it had 1300 employees, and it became the Federal Ministry for Defence.

It was renamed in Federal Ministry of defence on December 1961 and was seen as one of the "classic departments" . At German reunification the National People's Army (Nationale Volksarmee) of East Germany was made part of the Federal Armed Forces. Not long after this, Germany's army took part in the war in Kosovo. This was the first time that Germany's army had been sent to fight outside Germany since the end of World War II

Angstrom

An angstrom or ångström (symbol Å) is a unit of length that equals 0.1 nanometer (nm). It can be written in scientific notation as 1×10 m (normalized notation) or (exponential notation) — both mean . It is sometimes used to express the sizes of atoms, lengths of chemical bonds and visible-light spectra, and dimensions of parts of integrated circuits. For example, a single atom is about two ångströms wide, and a human hair is about a million ångströms thick.

The ångström is named after the Swedish physicist Anders Jonas Ångström (1814–1874), one of the founders of spectroscopy who is known also for studies of astrophysics, flow of heat, the earth's magnetic field, and the aurora borealis. 

In 1868, Ångström created a spectrum chart of solar radiation that expresses each wavelength in the spectrum of sunlight in multiples of one ten-millionth of a millimetre, or 1 metres. This unit of length later became known as the ångström, Å.

Human beings can see light having wavelengths ranging from about 4,000 ångströms (violet) to 7,000 ångströms (deep red), so the ångström was a convenient unit of measurement. Because of its closeness to the scale of atoms and molecules it was also popular in chemistry and crystallography.

Today, the use of the ångström as a unit is less popular than it used to be, and the nanometre (nm) is often used instead (The ångström is officially discouraged by the International Committee for Weights and Measures, and by the American National Standard for Metric Practice.)

Ångström (disambiguation)

Ångström or angstrom can also mean:

Oberrüti

Oberrüti is a municipality of the district of Muri in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Obersiggenthal

Obersiggenthal is a municipality of the district of Baden, in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Oberwil-Lieli

Oberwil-Lieli is a municipality of the district of Bremgarten in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Oeschgen

Oeschgen is a municipality of the district of Laufenburg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Oftringen

Oftringen is a city and municipality of the district of Zofingen in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Philosophiæ Naturalis Principia Mathematica

The Philosophiæ Naturalis Principia Mathematica (English: "Mathematical Principles of Natural Philosophy") is a trilogy, written by Isaac Newton and published on 5 July 1687. 

The three-book work describes physics and mathematics. It states Newton's laws of motion and the derivation of Kepler's Laws, and observations on gravity.

Prato

Prato is a city in Tuscany, Italy. It is the capital of the Province of Prato.

Prato's economy has been based upon the textile industry, since 1400.
Prato is also a centre of the slow food movement, with many other local specialities, including cantucci, a type of biscotti.

Since the late 1950s, the city has had a big amount of immigration, first from southern Italy, then other countries. Since the late 1980s a large Han community has settled in the city. With a population of more than 180,000 people, Prato is Tuscany's second largest city. It is the third largest in Central Italy, after Rome and Florence.

In 1512, the city was attacked by the Spanish troops sent by Pope Julius II to capture the nearby city of Florence for the Medici family. The attack caused much damage to Prato. It led to the surrender of the Florentine Republic and control by the Medici family. The army killed 50,600 citizens of Prato in the streets.

Prato is home to many museums and other cultural monuments. These include the Filippo Lippi frescoes in the Cathedral of Santo Stefano which has been restored in 2006. The Cathedral has an external pulpit by Donatello.

"Palazzo Pretorio", the old town hall, was built at the end of the 13th century in red bricks. Sections in white brick were added later. In the 16th century an outside staircase and a clock were added. Also notable is the "Palazzo Datini", the home of the merchant Francesco Datini built from 1383. It has decorations by Florentine artists like Agnolo Gaddi and Niccolò Gerini. In 1409, it housed Pope Alexander V and Louis of Anjou. The "Palazzo degli Alberti" (12th century) is home to an artgallery with works by Filippo Lippi ("Prato Madonna"), Giovanni Bellini ("Crucifix with Jew Cemetery") and Caravaggio ("The Crowning with Thorns").

Another major attraction of the city is the Centro per l'arte contemporanea Luigi Pecci, a museum and education centre concerned with contemporary arts.

Churches in Prato include:

Prato is also the home of the Monash University a very nice centre for learning English.




Olsberg

Olsberg could mean:


Olsberg, Aargau

Olsberg is a municipality of the district of Rheinfelden in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.


Livorno

Livorno is a port city on the Ligurian Sea on the western coast of Tuscany, Italy.

Today, Livorno is known for the fortified town walls and for the small streets. Many foreigners moved to Livorno such as Jews, Armenians, Greeks, Dutch, and English. Some Moriscos (Muslim Spaniards forced to turn Catholic), much later, also moved to Livorno (from Spain and during the 18th century).

Bridges, houses and streets, mostly from the neo-classical era are in the district of Livorno.

The "Monumento dei quattro mori" ("Monument of the Four Turks"), dedicated to Grand Duke Ferdinando I de' Medici of Tuscany, is one of the most important monuments of Livorno.
Another important monument is the old fortress which has 3 bastions called “Capitana”, “Ampolletta” and “Canaviglia”. It was made before the Renaissance.

Politically, Livorno is one of the most left-leaning cities of Italy. The Communist Party of Italy was founded in Livorno on 21 January 1921.

Tuaca liqueur is produced in Livorno. The city also has a petrochemical industry.

Livorno has a football team in Serie A, A.S. Livorno Calcio.

Livorno inhabitants speak a Tuscan dialect of Italian, called "vernacolo".

Livorno has a hot-summer Mediterranean climate ("Csa" in the Koeppen climate classification).




Arezzo

Arezzo is an old city in central Italy. It is the capital of the Province of Arezzo, in the region of Tuscany. Arezzo is about 80 km (50 mi) south-east of Florence. It is at an elevation of 296 m above sea level. In 2001 the population was about 91,600 people.

Arezzo is placed on the floodplain of the Arno. In the upper part of the town are the cathedral and the squares.

Arezzo may have been one of the twelve most important Etruscan cities, that was also called Dodecapolis. 
Conquered by the Romans in 311 BC, Arretium became a military station on the via Cassia, the road to expansion by republican Rome into the basin of the Po. In the 3rd to 4th century, Arezzo became an episcopal place: it is one of the few cities whose succession of bishops are known by name without interruption to the present day, in part because they were the feudal lords of the city in the Middle Ages.

Until 1384, Arezzo was an independent city-state, generally Ghibelline in tendency, thus opposing Guelph Florence. In 1252 the city founded its university, the "Studium". Arezzo in 1384 was under Florentine domination. During this period Piero della Francesca worked in the church of San Francesco di Arezzo producing the splendid frescoes.

In the 18th century the neighbouring marshes of the Val di Chiana, south of Arezzo, were drained and the region became less malarial. At the end of the century French troops led by Napoleon Bonaparte conquered Arezzo, but the city soon turned into the hands of the resistance against the invaders with the movement of "Viva Maria": this gained the city the role of provincial capital. In 1860 Arezzo became part of the Kingdom of Italy.

The Piazza Grande is the most noteworthy medieval square in the city, it is currently the site of the "Giostra del Saracino" ("Joust of the Saracin").







Police, Poland

Police is a town in Poland in West Pomeranian Voivodeship. As of 2014, 33,400 people live there according to http://population.city/poland/police/ . The town is located on the river Oder, near the border with Germany. It is one of the largest sea ports in Poland. Police borders with Szczecin. In the Police area, there is another town called Nowe Warpno. 

Nowe Warpno

Nowe Warpno is a town in Poland in West Pomeranian Voivodeship. As of 2004, 1,214 people live there. The town is located on the Szczecin Lagoon, at the border with Germany. In the area of Nowe Warpno there are Police, Poland, Świnoujście, Szczecin, Eggesin and Ueckermünde.

Thomas de Maizière

Karl Ernst Thomas de Maizière (born 21 January 1954 in Bonn) was the Minister for Special Affairs in the German government and Head of the Federal Chancellery. On 3 March 2011, because of Karl-Theodor zu Guttenberg's resignation, de Maizière became Federal Minister for Defence.

His father was Ulrich de Maizière, who was Inspector General of the Bundeswehr. The senior officer in all German Armed Forces. In the UK, he would be Chief of the Defence Staff and in the US, Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff.

Karl's cousin Lothar de Maizière was the only democratically elected Prime Minister of the German Democratic Republic.

He later taught at the University of Leipzig.

Szczecin Lagoon

The Szczecin Lagoon (Polish name) or Stettin Lagoon (German name) or Lagoon of the Oder River is an inland water basin found in the southwestern part of the Baltic Sea. It is shared by Germany and Poland. These are the towns that can be found at the Szczecin Lagoon: Świnoujście, Ueckermünde, Wolin (town) and Nowe Warpno.


Othmarsingen

Othmarsingen is a municipality in Lenzburg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Reinach

Reinach could mean:


A surname:


Reinach, Aargau

Reinach is a municipality in Kulm in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Reitnau

Reitnau is a municipality of the district of Zofingen in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland. On 1 January 2019, the former municipality of Attelwil merged into the municipality of Reitnau.


Lava dome

In volcanology, a lava dome or plug dome is a round-shaped mound created by the eruption of viscous lava by a volcano.

Lava domes are formed when erupting lava is too thick to flow and makes a steep-sided mound as the lava piles up near the volcanic vent. Lava domes have formed in Mount St. Helens and experts say a lava dome is growing inside the Shinmoedake volcano in Japan.

Rekingen

Rekingen was a municipality of the district of Zurzach in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland. On 1 January 2022, the former municipalities of Bad Zurzach, Baldingen, Böbikon, Kaiserstuhl, Rekingen, Rietheim, Rümikon and Wislikofen merged to form the new municipality of Zurzach.


Volcanic eruption

A volcanic eruption occurs when hot materials from the Earth's interior are thrown out of a volcano. Lava, rocks, dust, and gas compounds are some of these "ejecta".

It is worth remembering that the Earth below its solid cruse is still very hot, even after its long existence (over 4,000 million years). 

Eruptions can come from side branches or from the top of the volcano. Some eruptions are terrible explosions that throw out huge amounts of rock and volcanic ash and can kill many people. Some are quiet outflows of hot lava. Several more complex types of volcanic eruptions have been described by volcanologists. These are often named after famous volcanoes where that type of eruption has been seen. Some volcanoes may show only one type of eruption during a period of activity, while others may show a range of types in a series.

The Volcanic Explosivity Index (commonly shortened VEI) is a scale, from 0 to 8, for measuring the strength of eruptions. It is used by the Smithsonian Institution's Global Volcanism Program to assess historic and prehistoric lava flows. It works in a way similar to the Richter scale for earthquakes: each interval in value is a tenfold increase in magnitude (it is logarithmic). Most volcanic eruptions are of VEIs between 0 and 2.

Volcanic eruptions by VEI index


Remetschwil

Remetschwil is a municipality of the district of Baden in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Remigen

Remigen is a municipality of the district of Brugg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Gifford Pinchot National Forest

The Gifford Pinchot National Forest is a United States National Forest in Washington, USA. It has of land. The forest includes the Mount St. Helens National Volcanic Monument, which takes up of the property.

Rietheim, Aargau

Rietheim was a municipality of the district of Zurzach in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland. On 1 January 2022, the former municipalities of Bad Zurzach, Baldingen, Böbikon, Kaiserstuhl, Rekingen, Rietheim, Rümikon and Wislikofen merged to form the new municipality of Zurzach.

Cascade Range

The Cascade Range is a mountain range in western North America. It goes from Northern California, through Oregon and Washington, and ends in British Columbia, Canada. The range includes the Western Cascades in northern California and the North and Canadian Cascades in Washington State and Canada. 

The highest mountain in the cascades is Mount Rainier at 14,411 feet or 4,392 metres. 

The Cascade range was formed by thousands of small, short-lived volcanoes that built a platform of lava and volcanic debris. Rising above this volcanic platform are a few strikingly large volcanoes, like Mount St. Helens, that dominate the landscape.

The fundamental reason for all these mountains on the western side of the Americas is the steady movement of the great landmasses away from Eurasia and Africa. The process of continental drift is fuelled by the production of sea-floor material at the mid-Atlantic trench. The landmasses of the Americas have buckled the edges of the Pacific plates, resulting in the continual volcanic build-up of mountains on the western side of the continents. The Cascade Volcanic Arc made its first appearance 36 million years ago. The major volcanic peaks today were born in the last 1.6 million years. More than 3,000 vents erupted during the most recent volcanic episode that began 5 million years ago. As long as subduction continues, new Cascade volcanoes will continue to rise.

As the oceanic slab sinks deep into the Earth's interior beneath the continental plate, high temperatures and pressures allow water molecules locked in the minerals of solid rock to escape. The water vapor rises into the pliable mantle above the subducting plate, causing some of the mantle to melt. This newly formed magma rises toward the Earth's surface to erupt, forming a chain of volcanoes.


Riniken

Riniken is a municipality of the district of Brugg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Rohr

Rohr could mean any of the following:






Rohr, Aargau

Rohr was a municipality of the district of Aarau in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland. Since 2009 Rohr is a part of the city of Aarau.

Rothrist

Rothrist is a municipality of the district of Zofingen in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Rottenschwil

Rottenschwil is a municipality of the district of Muri in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Rudolfstetten-Friedlisberg

Rudolfstetten-Friedlisberg is a municipality of the district of Bremgarten in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Rüfenach

Rüfenach is a municipality of the district of Brugg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Coachella Valley Music and Arts Festival

Coachella Valley Music and Arts Festival, best known as just Coachella, is an annual three-day music festival held in Indio, California. It has taken place every year since the first year in 1999, except in the year 2000. It has had artists ranging from Rage Against the Machine to Nickel Creek. The 2014 festival will have 184 artists.

Rümikon

Rümikon was a municipality of the district of Zurzach in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland. On 1 January 2022, the former municipalities of Bad Zurzach, Baldingen, Böbikon, Kaiserstuhl, Rekingen, Rietheim, Rümikon and Wislikofen merged to form the new municipality of Zurzach.

Welwel

Welwel is an oasis in Ethiopia, near Somalia. It used to be called Walwal. Walwal was where a border dispute happened with Italy. Mussolini used the dispute as an excuse to start a war against Ethiopia.

Arctic Cordillera

The Arctic Cordillera is a mountain range running along the northeastern coast of North America from Ellesmere Island to the northernmost tip of Labrador. It is the only major mountain range in Canada east of the Rocky Mountains. The range has a surface area of . Its highest point is at Barbeau Peak.


Fort Banks

Fort Banks (also known as the Eastern Command Fixed Defences), is an old World War II fort that was used to protect the entrance to Botany Bay. The fort is located north of Cape Banks in La Perouse, New South Wales Australia.

Just before WWII, a small section of land on the Cape Banks Headland that was owned by the New South Wales Golf Club was used by the Australian Army to build a fort. The fort was made so that it could protect Sydney from an attack by a foreign navy ship. The fort had two BL 9.2 inch Mark 10 cannons that were put into concrete gun emplacements (pictured) and barracks that were finished just before the start of WWII. During WWII the Henry Head Battery was also reopened and had two BL 6 inch cannons. 

Rupperswil

Rupperswil is a municipality of the district of Lenzburg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Safenwil

Safenwil is a municipality of the district of Zofingen in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.


Sarmenstorf

Sarmenstorf is a municipality of the district of Bremgarten in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Schafisheim

Schafisheim is a municipality of the district of Lenzburg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Scherz

Scherz was a municipality of the district of Brugg in canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2018, the former municipality of Scherz merged into the municipality of Lupfig.

Schinznach-Bad

Schinznach-Bad was a municipality in Brugg in canton of Aargau in Switzerland. On 1 January 2020, Schinznach-Bad became part of Brugg.

Schinznach-Dorf

Schinznach-Dorf was a municipality of the district of Brugg in canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2014, the former municipalities of Schinznach-Dorf and Oberflachs merged into the new municipality of Schinznach.

Schlossrued

Schlossrued is a municipality of the district of Kulm in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.


Schmiedrued

Schmiedrued is a municipality of the district of Kulm in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Schneisingen

Schneisingen is a municipality of the district of Zurzach in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Schöftland

Schöftland is a municipality in Kulm in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.


Schupfart

Schupfart is a municipality of the district of Rheinfelden in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Black-eyed Susan

Black-eyed Susan "Rudbeckia" is one of at least four genera within the flowering plant family Asteraceae whose members are commonly known as coneflowers.
Blackeyed Susan is a common Missouri native wildflower which typically occurs in open woods, prairies, fields, roadsides and waste areas throughout the State.

The name was given by Carolus Linneaus in honor of his teacher at Uppsala University, Professor Olof Rudbeck the Younger (1660-1740), and his father, Professor Olof Rudbeck the Elder (1630-1702), both of whom were botanists. 


Schwaderloch

Schwaderloch is a municipality of the district of Laufenburg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Seengen

Seengen is a municipality of the district of Lenzburg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Seon, Aargau

Seon is a municipality of the district of Lenzburg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Siglistorf

Siglistorf is a municipality of the district of Zurzach in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Lenzburg (disambiguation)

Lenzburg is a town in Switzerland. The term may also refer to:



Lenzburg

Lenzburg is a municipality in the district of Lenzburg in the canton of Aargau, Switzerland. It is the capital city of the district. The town was founded in the Middle Ages. It is in the Seetal valley, about south of the Aare delta. Lenzburg and the municipalities of Niederlenz and Staufen have merged over time. The city name refers to the name of the castle which can be translated as "spring castle".

As of 31 December 2010, Lenzburg about 8,341 people lived in Lenzburg. Lenzburg is about west of Zürich. Many people living in Lenzburg go to Zürich to work.

The district of in area is in a valley between two ranges of minor limestone mountains which rise about above the otherwise flat valley. The two major mountains are Während der Schlossberg at above sea-level with a diameter of only , and the nearby Goffersberg at above sea-level which is only long and has a broad plateau wide. Lenzburg grew together with the nearby communities into a regional area

Nearby municipalities are Rupperswil in the northwest, Niederlenz and Möriken Wildegg in the north; Othmarsingen in the northeast, Hendschiken in the east, Ammerswil in the southeast, Egliswil the south, Seon in the southwest as well as Staufen in the west.

The area has a long history. A neolithic cemetery with 16 chambered tombs built about 3,800 years ago was found near the castle in 1959.

A Roman theatre was uncovered when the motorway was built in 1964. It was built about 100 AD. It could seat an audience of about 4,000 people. It was part of a small village of 400 to 600 people that existed for about 200 years. The village was built on either side of the road for a distance of about 400 metres. There were shops, taverns, and small factories making wood and leather products. Behind these building were houses and farms. It is possible that there was a small fort in the village. The first buildings were wooden but these were destroyed in a fire at the end of the first century. The new buildings were made of stone. The village was abandoned in the 3rd century.
In the 5th and 6th centuries, an Alamanni village existed. The oldest registered usage of the name "Lencis" (from which Lenzburg derives) is from 893. In 1036, Castle Lenzburg became the seat for the count of Lenzburg, then an important lord. The family died out in 1173, and the castle was then owned by emperor Frederick Barbarossa. After this, it was mainly used by the Kyburger house. The Habsburgs took over the castle in 1273.

City rights were granted in 1306. Lenzburg was conquered by Bern in 1415, along with the western part of what is now Aargau. Bern did not take away its city rights. In 1433, the city of Bern bought the castle and used it to govern the area from 1444 to 1798. A major fire ruined the town in 1491. Only fifteen houses were not destroyed. The reformation was carried out at the same time with the rest of the region in 1528. The economy started to move slowly from a farming economy to a more industrial one in the 16th century. A textile factory was founded in 1732.

In 1798, the Helvetian Republic was made and the lords from Bern were removed. The canton of Aargau was founded and Lenzburg became the capital of the district in 1803. The canton gained the castle in 1804. Lenzburg became the economic center of the area in the 19th century. In 1875, Lenzburg was added to the railway system. Competition for trade became too much and Lenzburg became bankrupt only one year later. The town recovered from bankruptcy during the next 10 years.

In 1886, the German playwright, Frank Wedekind lived in the castle which his father had bought. It was sold in 1892 to August Edward Jessup from Philadelphia who spent a lot of money restoring the castle. He sold it to a Chicago banker, James W. Ellsworth in 1911. Ellsworth's son, Lincoln Ellsworth and Roald Amundsen used the castle to plan their polar explorations in the 1920s.

The main place to see in the town is the Lenzburg castle. It was built in the 11th century and has been added onto several times. Lenzburg is among the oldest and most important high-castles in Switzerland. Some of the city wall has been kept and is now under protection. Some interesting buildings are in the old part of town. These include:

Lenzburg is an important economic centre. It contains over 800 companies. Most of the businesses are small to medium sized, but some worldwide companies are established in Lenzburg, for example the global Asea Brown Boveri (ABB). About 6,000 people work in Lenzburg.

Lenzburg is a good place for transportation. It is about from Zürich with access to the A1, Switzerland's most important motorway. Two main axes of traffic cross in Lenzburg, one running from Waldshut to Lucerne and the other running from Zurich to Berne.

Some of the trains from Zurich to Berne stop in Lenzburg. Lenzburg is part of the Suburban rail system of Zurich. Other trains connect the city to Brugg, Lucerne, Zofingen and Zug. The line to Wettingen was closed, because of low traffic. The trains were replaced by a commuter line from Zurich (which runs to Aarau).

Zürich International Airport is close to the town of Lenzburg. The local bus "Regionalbus Lenzburg" leads to the municipalities of Brunegg, Dintikon, Möriken-Wildegg, Schafisheim and Seengen. Lenzburg has an urban bus system as well.

For over 400 years, the youth celebration ("Jugendfest") is the largest event in Lenzburg. It takes place every year on the second Friday of July. In August, the "Gauklerfestival" takes place in the streets of the old part of town with food and entertainment on the streets of the city.



Aurora (aircraft)

The Aurora (supposedly called the SR-91 Aurora) is a possible surveillance aircraft. No one knows if it ever existed. Supposedly, it was meant for trying out hypersonic flight, or speeds above 5 times the speed of sound. The name "Aurora" was used for the aircraft because in 1985, it appeared on an American military funding list. It might have been to replace the SR-71 Blackbird.

In 1989, a man named Chris Gibson was working on an oil rig when he saw a KC-135 Stratotanker, two F-111 Aardvarks, and a triangle-shaped craft refueling. He did not know what it was. During 1991 in Southern California, there were a lot of sonic booms being heard. There was also a pulse coming out of the engine. The most recent sighting was in 2006.


The Oprah Winfrey Show

The Oprah Winfrey Show was an American talk show which had Oprah Winfrey as the host. It began on September 8, 1986, and has since become one of the most famous talk shows in the world. The show ended on May 25, 2011 after 25 seasons. It won 47 Daytime Emmy Awards.

Notable guests on her show were:

Rheinfelden, Switzerland

Rheinfelden is a city and municipality of the canton of Aargau in Switzerland, seat of the district of Rheinfelden. It is east of Basel. The name means the fields of the Rhine, as the town is on the Hochrhein. It is home to Feldschlösschen, the most popular beer in Switzerland. The city is across the river from Rheinfelden in Baden-Württemberg; the two cities were joined until Napoleon Bonaparte fixed the German–Swiss border on the Rhine in 1802 and are still socially and economically tied.

The old town of Rheinfelden is on the Rhine river. The Rhine can be traveled down by ship from Rheinfelden all the way to the North Sea.

The area around Rheinfelden was already settled about 10,000 years ago. At that time, people lived in the "Hermitage", a small natural cave next to the current highway. In the year 45 BC, a few kilometers west, the village Augusta Raurica was made, the first Roman town in Switzerland, near modern Kaiseraugst. Towards the end of the 4th century, a fort was built at the western settlement.

During the 17th century, there was very little time during which the city enjoyed peace. During the Rappenkrieg (a peasant uprising that lasted from 1612 until 1614), the city was ruined. Between 1633 and 1638, the Thirty Years' War reached Fricktal, where Rheinfelden played a big role. On 15 July 1633, Swedish and French troops ruined the city. On 5 February 1638, the city was put under attack by Protestant troops sent by Bernhard of Saxe-Weimar. On 28 February, the Battle of Rheinfelden began, as the city was attacked by the bigger Imperial and Bavarian troops sent by Johann von Werth and Federigo Savelli. The Protestants lost this battle and moved on. Bernhard brought them weapons, but in the second passage on 3 March they were defeated, as he and his men unexpectedly re-appeared on the battlefield, with Savelli and Werth falling into captivity.

By the end of the Thirty Years' War, the Austrians had built a fortress on the island to secure the southwestern border of the Breisgau. In 1678, French troops sent by François de Créquy fired at the city. In 1745, during the War of the Austrian Succession, the French made a fortress on the same ground and also ruined part of the city wall. On 17 July 1796, Rheinfelden was again occupied and looted by the French.

Because of the Treaty of Campo Formio in 1797, the Fricktal became a protectorate of the French, making the front line between the French Revolutionary and the Austrian troops in the War of the Second Coalition. On 20 February 1802, Rheinfelden was made the capital city of the new Canton of Fricktal, joining the Helvetic Republic in August, the point at which the city became mostly Swiss. The seat of the cantonal government was here instead of in Laufenburg. With the beginning of the "Reichsdeputationshauptschluss" (the German Mediatisation), Napoleon Bonaparte removed the canton of Fricktal. Since 19 March 1803, Rheinfelden has been the capital of the district of the same name, in the canton of Aargau.


Klickitat

The Klickitat (also spelled Klikitat) are a Native American tribe of the Pacific Northwest. A Shahaptian tribe, their neighbors to the east were the Yakama, who speak a closely related language. Their neighbors to the west are the Salishan and Chinookan tribes. Their name has been used for naming places like Klickitat County, Washington, Klickitat, Washington, and the Klickitat River, a tributary of the Columbia River. 

Arzo

Arzo was a municipality of the district Mendrisio in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland. On 5 April 2009, the former municipalities of Arzo, Capolago, Genestrerio, Mendrisio, Rancate and Tremona merged into the municipality of Mendrisio.

Ascona

Ascona is a municipality of the district of Locarno in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.


Astano

Astano is a municipality of the district of Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.


Lugano District

Lugano is a district of the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.

The district of Lugano has 98 municipalities divided in 12 circles:

Locarno District

Locarno is a district of the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.

The district of Locarno has 40 municipalities divided in 7 circles:

Vallemaggia District

Vallemaggia is a district of the canton of Ticino in Switzerland. The capital city of the district is Cevio.


Bellinzona District

Bellinzona is a district of the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.


Riviera District

Riviera is a district of the canton of Ticino in Switzerland. The capital city of the district is Biasca.


Blenio District

Blenio is a district of the canton of Ticino in Switzerland. The capital city of the district is Acquarossa.

Leventina District

Leventina is a district of the canton of Ticino in Switzerland. The capital city of the district is Faido.

Sapir-Whorf hypothesis

The Sapir–Whorf hypothesis is a linguistic idea which claims that the language people speak changes the way they think and act.

Icosahedron

An icosahedron is a polyhedron (a three dimensional shape) that is made of triangles and has twenty sides.

There are many kinds of icosahedra, with some being more symmetrical than others. The best known is the regular icosahedron, a Platonic solid made of equilateral triangles.

There are two objects, one convex and one concave, that can both be called regular icosahedra. Each has 30 edges and 20 equilateral triangle faces with five meeting at each of its twelve vertices. Both have the same symmetry so that their vertices are at similar places. The term "regular icosahedron" usually refers to the convex icosahedron, while the nonconvex form is called a "great icosahedron".

The convex regular icosahedron is usually simply called the "regular icosahedron". It is one of the five regular Platonic solids, and it is represented by its Schläfli symbol {3, 5}, containing 20 triangular faces, with 5 faces meeting around each vertex.

Its dual polyhedron is the regular dodecahedron {5, 3} which has three regular pentagonal faces around each vertex.

The great icosahedron is one of the four regular star Kepler-Poinsot polyhedra. Its Schläfli symbol is formula_1. Like the convex form, it also has 20 equilateral triangle faces, but its vertex figure is a pentagram rather than a pentagon, leading to geometrically intersecting faces. The intersections of the triangles do not represent new edges.

Its dual polyhedron is the great stellated dodecahedron (formula_2), having three regular star pentagonal faces around each vertex.

Stellation is the process of extending the faces or edges of a polyhedron until they meet to form a new polyhedron. It is done symmetrically so that the resulting figure retains the overall symmetry of the parent figure.

In their book "The Fifty-Nine Icosahedra", Coxeter et al. enumerated 58 such stellations of the regular icosahedron.

Of these, many have a single face in each of the 20 face planes and so are also icosahedra. The great icosahedron is among them.

Other stellations have more than one face in each plane or form compounds of simpler polyhedra. These are not strictly icosahedra, although they are often referred to as such.

Octahedron

An octahedron is a polyhedron made of eight faces. In the case of the regular octahedron, these faces are triangles. The octahedron looks like two pyramids, which share the same base. 
In chemistry, octahedra are common: diamonds and fluorite are examples of crystals that are octahedra.

If the edge length of a regular octahedron is "a", the radius of a circumscribed sphere (one that touches the octahedron at all vertices) is

and the radius of an inscribed sphere (tangent to each of the octahedron's faces) is

while the midradius, which touches the middle of each edge, is

The "octahedron" has four special orthogonal projections, centered, on an edge, vertex, face, and normal to a face. The second and third correspond to the B and A Coxeter planes.
The octahedron can also be represented as a spherical tiling, and projected onto the plane via a stereographic projection. This projection is conformal, preserving angles but not areas or lengths. Straight lines on the sphere are projected as circular arcs on the plane.

An octahedron with edge length can be placed with its center at the origin and its vertices on the coordinate axes; the Cartesian coordinates of the vertices are then

In an "x"–"y"–"z" Cartesian coordinate system, the octahedron with center coordinates ("a", "b", "c") and radius "r" is the set of all points ("x", "y", "z") such that

The surface area "A" and the volume "V" of a regular octahedron of edge length "a" are:

Thus the volume is four times that of a regular tetrahedron with the same edge length, while the surface area is twice (because we have 8 rather than 4 triangles).

If an octahedron has been stretched so that it obeys the equation

the formulas for the surface area and volume expand to become

Additionally the inertia tensor of the stretched octahedron is

These reduce to the equations for the regular octahedron when

The interior of the compound of two dual tetrahedra is an octahedron, and this compound, called the stella octangula, is its first and only stellation. Correspondingly, a regular octahedron is the result of cutting off from a regular tetrahedron, four regular tetrahedra of half the linear size (i.e. rectifying the tetrahedron). The vertices of the octahedron lie at the midpoints of the edges of the tetrahedron, and in this sense it relates to the tetrahedron in the same way that the cuboctahedron and icosidodecahedron relate to the other Platonic solids. One can also divide the edges of an octahedron in the ratio of the golden mean to define the vertices of an icosahedron. This is done by first placing vectors along the octahedron's edges such that each face is bounded by a cycle, then similarly partitioning each edge into the golden mean along the direction of its vector. There are five octahedra that define any given icosahedron in this fashion, and together they define a "regular compound".

Octahedra and tetrahedra can be alternated to form a vertex, edge, and face-uniform tessellation of space, called the octet truss by Buckminster Fuller. This is the only such tiling save the regular tessellation of cubes, and is one of the 28 convex uniform honeycombs. Another is a tessellation of octahedra and cuboctahedra.

The octahedron is unique among the Platonic solids in having an even number of faces meeting at each vertex. Consequently, it is the only member of that group to possess mirror planes that do not pass through any of the faces.

Using the standard nomenclature for Johnson solids, an octahedron would be called a "square bipyramid". Truncation of two opposite vertices results in a square bifrustum.

The octahedron is 4-connected, meaning that it takes the removal of four vertices to disconnect the remaining vertices. It is one of only four 4-connected simplicial well-covered polyhedra, meaning that all of the maximal independent sets of its vertices have the same size. The other three polyhedra with this property are the pentagonal dipyramid, the snub disphenoid, and an irregular polyhedron with 12 vertices and 20 triangular faces.

There are 3 uniform colorings of the octahedron, named by the triangular face colors going around each vertex: 1212, 1112, 1111.

The octahedron's symmetry group is O, of order 48, the three dimensional hyperoctahedral group. This group's subgroups include D (order 12), the symmetry group of a triangular antiprism; D (order 16), the symmetry group of a square bipyramid; and T (order 24), the symmetry group of a rectified tetrahedron. These symmetries can be emphasized by different colorings of the faces.
It has eleven arrangements of nets.

The octahedron is the dual polyhedron to the cube.

The uniform tetrahemihexahedron is a tetrahedral symmetry faceting of the regular octahedron, sharing edge and vertex arrangement. It has four of the triangular faces, and 3 central squares.


Rounder Records

Rounder Records is an American record label that formed in Cambridge, Massachusetts in 1970. Since then, it has moved to Burlington, Massachusetts. Over the years, some of the artists and bands that have been signed to the label include Alison Krauss, Ween, and Bela Fleck.

Columbia Records

Columbia Records is an American record label that formed in 1888. It is the oldest existing record company in the world.

Its parent company is now Sony Music Entertainment. Over the years, some of the artists and bands that have been signed to the label include Aretha Franklin, System of a Down, Johnny Cash, Bob Dylan, Bela Fleck, Janis Joplin, Paul McCartney, John Lennon, Prince, Willie Nelson, Dolly Parton, and hundreds of other artists.


List of Columbia Records artists

A partial list of artists who have recorded for Columbia Records or EMI's Columbia label include:






Origin of life

The origin of life on Earth is a scientific problem which is not yet solved. There are many ideas, but few clear facts.

Most experts agree that all life today evolved by common descent from a single primitive lifeform. It is not known how this early life form evolved, but scientists think it was a natural process which happened about 3,900 million years ago. This is in accord with the philosophy of naturalism: only natural causes are admitted.

It is not known if metabolism came first or genetics. The main hypothesis which supports genetics first is the RNA world hypothesis, and the one which supports metabolism first is the protein world hypothesis.

Another big problem is how cells developed. Melvin Calvin, winner of the Nobel Prize in Chemistry, wrote a book on the subject, and so did Alexander Oparin. What links most of the early work on the origin of life is the idea that before life began there must have been a process of chemical change. Another question which has been discussed by J.D. Bernal and others is the origin of the cell membrane. By concentrating the chemicals in one place, the cell membrane performs a vital function.

What we call life has only been verified in things that include RNA, mechanisms for encoding and decoding RNA, and mechanisms for building proteins from amino acids.

The earliest claimed lifeforms are fossilized microorganisms (or microfossils). They were found in iron and silica-rich rocks which were once hydrothermal vents in the Nuvvuagittuq greenstone belt of Quebec, Canada.

These rocks are as old as 4.28 billion years. The tubular forms they contain are shown in a report. If this is the oldest record of life on Earth, it suggests "an almost instantaneous emergence of life" after oceans formed 4.4 billion years ago. According to Stephen Blair Hedges, "If life arose relatively quickly on Earth… then it could be common in the universe".

A scientific study from 2002 showed that geological formations of stromatolites 3.45 billion years old contain fossilized cyanobacteria. At the time it was widely agreed that stromatolites were the oldest known lifeforms on Earth which had left a record of its existence. Therefore, if life originated on Earth, this happened sometime between 4.4 billion years ago, when water vapor first liquefied, and 3.5 billion years ago. This is the background to the latest discovery discussed above.

The earliest evidence of life comes from the Isua supercrustal belt in Western Greenland, and from similar formations in the nearby Akilia Islands. This is because a high level of the lighter isotope of carbon is found there. Living things take up lighter isotopes because this takes less energy. Carbon entering into rock formations has a concentration of elemental δC of about −5.5. of C, biomass has a δC of between −20 and −30. These isotopic fingerprints are preserved in the rocks. With this evidence, Mojzis suggested that life existed on the planet already by 3.85 billion years ago. Against that view is the evidence that our Solar System is very unusual in several respects. For example, it is clear that most star systems have their largest planet close to their star.

A few scientists think life might have been carried from planet to planet by the transport of spores. This idea, now known as panspermia, was first put forward by Arrhenius.

Until the early 19th century many people believed in the regular spontaneous generation of life from non-living matter. This was called spontaneous generation, and was disproved by Louis Pasteur. He showed that without spores no bacteria or viruses grew on sterile material.

In a letter to Joseph Dalton Hooker on 11 February 1871, Charles Darwin proposed a "natural process" for the origin of life.

He suggested that the original spark of life may have begun in a "warm little pond, with all sorts of ammonia and phosphoric salts, lights, heat, electricity, etc. A protein compound was then chemically formed ready to undergo still more complex changes". He went on to explain that "at the present day such matter would be instantly devoured or absorbed, which would not have been the case before living creatures were formed".

No real progress was made until 1924 when Alexander Oparin reasoned that atmospheric oxygen prevented the synthesis of the organic molecules. Organic molecules are the necessary building blocks for the evolution of life. In his "The Origin of Life", Oparin argued that a "primordial soup" of organic molecules could be created in an oxygen-less atmosphere through the action of sunlight. These would combine in ever-more complex fashions until they formed droplets. These droplets would "grow" by fusion with other droplets, and "reproduce" through fission into daughter droplets, and so have a primitive metabolism in which those factors which promote "cell integrity" survive, those that do not become extinct. Many modern theories of the origin of life still take Oparin's ideas as a starting point.

Around the same time J.B.S. Haldane also suggested that the Earth's pre-biotic oceans, which were very different from what oceans are now, would have formed a "hot dilute soup". In this soup, organic compounds, the building blocks of life, could have formed. This idea was called "biopoiesis", the process of living matter evolving from self-replicating but nonliving molecules.

There is almost no geological record from before 3.8 billion years ago. The environment that existed in the Hadean era was hostile to life, but how much so is not known. There was a time, between 3.8 and 4.1 billion years ago, which is known as the Late Heavy Bombardment. It is so named because many lunar craters are thought to have formed then. The situation on other planets, such as Earth, Venus, Mercury and Mars must have been similar. These impacts would likely sterilize the Earth (kill all life), if it existed at that time.

Several people have suggested that the chemicals in the cell give clues as to what the early seas must have been like. In 1926, Macallum noted that the inorganic composition of the cell cytosol dramatically differs from that of modern sea water: "the cell… has endowments transmitted from a past almost as remote as the origin of life on earth". For example: "All cells contain much more potassium, phosphate, and transition metals than modern ... oceans, lakes, or rivers". "Under the anoxic, CO-dominated primordial atmosphere, the chemistry of inland basins at geothermal fields would [be like the chemistry inside] modern cells".

If life evolved in the deep ocean, near a hydrothermal vent, it could have originated as early as 4 to 4.2 billion years ago. If, on the other hand, life originated at the surface of the planet, a common opinion is it could only have done so between 3.5 and 4 billion years ago.

Lazcano and Miller (1994) suggest that the pace of molecular evolution was dictated by the rate of recirculating water through mid-ocean submarine vents. Complete recirculation takes 10 million years, so any organic compounds produced by then would be altered or destroyed by temperatures exceeding 300 °C. They estimate that the development of a 100 kilobase genome of a DNA/protein primitive heterotroph into a 7000 gene filamentous cyanobacterium would have required only 7 million years.

Originally, the atmosphere of Earth had almost no free oxygen. It gradually changed to what it is today, over a very long time (see Great Oxygenation Event). The process began with cyanobacteria. They were the first organisms to make free oxygen by photosynthesis. Most organisms today need oxygen for their metabolism; only a few can use other sources for respiration.

So it is expected that the first proto-organisms were chemoautotrophs, and did not use aerobic respiration. They were anaerobic.

There is no "standard model" on how life started. Most accepted models are built on molecular biology and cell biology:

The origin of the basic biomolecules, while not settled, is less controversial than the significance and order of steps 2 and 3. The basic chemicals from which life is thought to have formed are:
Molecular oxygen (O) and ozone (O) were either rare or absent.


Bernal suggested that evolution may have started early, some time between Stage 1 and 2.

There are three sources of organic molecules on the early Earth: 

Estimates of these sources suggest that the heavy bombardment before 3.5 billion years ago made available quantities of organics comparable to those produced by other energy sources.

In 1953 a graduate student, Stanley Miller, and his professor, Harold Urey, performed an experiment that showed how organic molecules could have formed on early Earth from inorganic precursors.

The now-famous Miller–Urey experiment used a highly reduced mixture of gases – methane, ammonia and hydrogen – to form basic organic monomers, such as amino acids. We do know now that for more than the first half of the Earth's history its atmosphere had almost no oxygen.

In the 1950s and 1960s, Sidney W. Fox studied the spontaneous formation of peptide structures under conditions that might have existed early in Earth's history. He demonstrated that amino acids could by itself form small peptides. These amino acids and small peptides could be encouraged to form closed spherical membranes, called microspheres.

Some scientists have suggested special conditions which could make cell synthesis easier.

A clay model for the origin of life was suggested by A. Graham Cairns-Smith. Clay theory suggests complex organic molecules arose gradually on a pre-existing non-organic platform, namely, silicate crystals in solution.

In the 1970s, Thomas Gold proposed the theory that life first developed not on the surface of the Earth, but several kilometers below the surface. The discovery in the late 1990s of nanobes (filamental structures that are smaller than bacteria, but that may contain DNA in deep rocks) might support Gold's theory.

It is now reasonably well established that microbial life is plentiful at shallow depths in the Earth (up to five kilometers below the surface) in the form of extremophile archaea, rather than the better-known eubacteria (which live in more accessible conditions).

Gold asserted that a trickle of food from a deep, unreachable, source is needed for survival because life arising in a puddle of organic material is likely to consume all of its food and become extinct. Gold's theory was that the flow of food is due to out-gassing of primordial methane from the Earth's mantle.

Self-organization and self-replication are the hallmark of living systems. Non-living molecules sometimes show those features under proper conditions. For example, Martin and Russel showed that cell membranes separating contents from the environment and self-organization of self-contained redox reactions are the most conserved attributes of living things. They argue that inorganic matter like that would be life's most likely last common ancestor.

In this hypothesis, RNA is said to work both as an enzyme and as a container of genes. Later, DNA took over its genetic role.

The RNA world hypothesis proposes that life based on ribonucleic acid (RNA) pre-dates the current world of life based on deoxyribonucleic acid (DNA), RNA and proteins. RNA is able both to store genetic information, like DNA, and to catalyze chemical reactions, like an enzyme. It may have supported pre-cellular life and been a major step towards cellular life.

There are some pieces of evidence which support this idea:

This idea suggests that proteins worked as enzymes first, producing metabolism. After that DNA and RNA began to work as containers of genes.

This idea also has some evidences which supports this.

In this scheme membranes made of lipid bilayers occur early on. Once organic chemicals are enclosed, more complex biochemistry is then possible.

This is the idea suggested by Arrhenius, and developed by Fred Hoyle, that life developed elsewhere in the universe and arrived on Earth in the form of spores. This is not a theory of how life began, but a theory of how it might have spread. It may have spread, for example, by meteorites.

Some propose that early Mars was a better place to start life than was the early Earth. The molecules which combined to form genetic material are more complex than the "primordial soup" of organic (carbon-based) chemicals that existed on Earth four billion years ago. If RNA was the first genetic material, then minerals containing boron and molybdenum could assist in its formation. These minerals were much more common on Mars than on Earth.

None of these ideas has much support. The overwhelming view is that Earth is ideally suited for life, and life evolved here.


Timeline of the 2006 Atlantic hurricane season

Below is a timeline of the 2006 Atlantic hurricane season, listing all the storm formations, strengthening, weakening, landfalls, extratropical transitions, as well as dissipation. The 2006 Atlantic hurricane season was a season in which an El Niño event stopped much tropical cyclone activity, especially later in the season. The season officially began on June 1, 2006, and lasted until November 30. For convenience and clarity, in the timeline below, all landfalls are bolded. The timeline also includes information which was not operationally released, meaning that information from post-storm reviews by the National Hurricane Center, such as information on a storm that was not operationally warned on, have been included.

The graphical bar above gives a brief overview of storm activity during the season, and for convenience, the storm's maximum intensity is included as a color bar. Tropical Storm Zeta from 2005 persisted into 2006, therefore a January section has been included in the text timeline.










Atlantic Standard Time Zone

The Atlantic Standard Time Zone (AST) is a geographic region that keeps time by subtracting four hours from Greenwich Mean Time (GMT), resulting in GMT-4 (UTC-4). The clock time in this zone is based on the mean solar time of the 60th degree meridian west of the Greenwich Observatory.

The Canadian provinces of New Brunswick, Nova Scotia and Prince Edward Island keep time by subtracting four hours from UTC. So does Bermuda, an island territory in the North Atlantic. In the summer, both places use daylight saving time. They keep "Atlantic Daylight Time (ADT)" (UTC-3) in the summer.

Other parts of the world that keep time by subtracting four hours from UTC include: many Caribbean islands, including Puerto Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands, and several South American countries, such as Paraguay, Chile, Bolivia, and parts of Brazil. Venezuela used AST until December 9, 2007, when it switched to , but switched back to AST on May 1, 2016, at 2:30 a.m. local time.


Figueirense FC

Figueirense Futebol Clube, also known as Figueirense, is a Brazilian football team in Florianópolis, Santa Catarina.

In 1921, the club was founded as Figueirense Football Club.

In 1932 the team won their first state championship.

From 1935 to 1937, Figueirense was three times in a row Catarinense champion.

In 1973, Figueirense was the first team of Santa Catarina state in Campeonato Brasileiro Série A.

In 1987, the club played at Campeonato Catarinense Second Division, and won the promotion to the First Division.

In 2001, the club was Campeonato Brasileiro Second Division runner-up, and was promoted to the following year's First Division.

From 2002 to 2004, Figueirense was three times in a row Campeonato Catarinense champion.

The stadium of Figueirense is Estádio Orlando Scarpelli. It was built in 1961. Its a maximum capacity is 19,908 people.




C Sharp (programming language)

C# (pronounced "see sharp") is a computer programming language. It is developed by Microsoft. It was created to use all capacities of the .NET platform. The first version was released in 2001. The most recent version is C# 11, which was released in November 2022, alongside .NET 7. C# is a modern language. C#'s development team is led by Anders Hejlsberg, the creator of Delphi.


Today, C# can be run on most platforms (Windows, Linux, macOS, etc.) without changing the source code. C# can be run on the Xbox 360 platform with a special framework.

C# code is similar to C++ and Java code. The CLR (Common Language Runtime) is needed in order to run a C# program.

/* This is a simple program in C#. 
using System;
namespace HelloWorld

 * This program asks for input from the user, i.e. a name. It then prints "Hello [name]", replacing [name] with whatever the person typed in.
using System;
namespace HelloWorld

C# can be edited in a number of IDEs (Integrated Development Environments), some of which are listed below:

Windows:
Mac OS X:
Unix/Linux:



Wilmington, North Carolina

Wilmington is a city in New Hanover County, North Carolina, United States. 

The population was around 115,000 during 2020. It is the county seat of New Hanover County. It was named in honor of Spencer Compton, the Earl of Wilmington, who was Prime Minister at the same time as George II was King of England.

It was the site of the 1898 insurrection where many white people killed African-American politicians in the city. It is seen as the only coup d'état on American soil.


Plantation Key

Plantation Key is an island in Monroe County, Florida, United States. It is in the upper Florida Keys on U.S. Route 1 (or the "Overseas Highway"), between Key Largo and Windley Key.

Oak Island, North Carolina

Oak Island, North Carolina is a town mostly on Oak Island (which also contains the town of Caswell Beach and the North Carolina Baptist Assembly at Fort Caswell) in Brunswick County, North Carolina; a small part of the town extends onto the mainland north of the island's bridge. 8,396 people lived there at the 2020 census. It was founded in 1999 by the consolidation of the towns of Long Beach and Yaupon Beach. Its main industry is tourism; the town has about 30,000-40,000 people in the summer.


Avegno, Switzerland

Avegno was a municipality of the district of Vallemaggia in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland. On 20 April 2008, Avegno and Gordevio merged to form the new municipality of Avegno Gordevio.

In 1982, the Swiss Heritage Society gave the Wakker Prize to Avegno for the saving of its historical buildings.


Wakker Prize

The Wakker Prize (, , ) is given every year by the Swiss Heritage Society to a municipality of Switzerland for the making and saving of its historical buildings.

In 2005, the prize was given to the Swiss Federal Railways, rather than a municipality.

The prize is named for Henri-Louis Wakker, a Swiss banker and real estate entrepreneur. His will provided a considerable sum of money without conditions to the Swiss Heritage Society, which in 1972 created the Wakker Prize in his honor.


Ehrendingen

Ehrendingen is a municipality of the district Baden in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Ehrendingen was created on 1 January 2006, from the former municipalities of Oberehrendingen and Unterehrendingen.


Barbengo

Barbengo was a municipality until 2008, when it was moved to the municipality of Lugano, Lugano district in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.


Bedano

Bedano is a municipality of the district of Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.


Bedigliora

Bedigliora is a municipality of the district of Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.

Hurricane Fabian

Hurricane Fabian was a powerful Cape Verde-type hurricane that hit Bermuda in early September during the 2003 Atlantic hurricane season. Fabian was the sixth named storm, fourth hurricane, and first major hurricane of the season. 

Fabian developed from a tropical wave in the tropical Atlantic Ocean on August 25. It moved west-northwestward under the influence of the subtropical ridge to its north, and steadily strengthened in an area of warm water temperatures and light wind shear. The hurricane attained a peak intensity of 145 mph (230 km/h) on September 1, and it slowly weakened as it turned northward. On September 5, Fabian made a direct hit on the island of Bermuda with wind speeds of over 120 mph (195 km/h). After passing the island, the hurricane turned to the northeast, and became extratropical on September 8.

Fabian was the strongest hurricane to hit Bermuda since Hurricane Arlene in 1963. It was both the most damaging and the first hurricane to cause a death on the island since 1926. The hurricane's powerful winds resulted in moderate damage and destroyed roofs throughout the island. A strong storm surge associated with the hurricane killed four people crossing a causeway on Bermuda, temporarily closing the only link between two islands. The endangered Bermuda Petrel, better known as the Cahow, was threatened by the hurricane, which destroyed ten nests, although volunteer work transported the species to a safer location. Strong swells resulted in damage in northern Puerto Rico and the Dominican Republic, and also caused four people to drown along the United States' Atlantic coast. In all, Fabian caused around $300 million (2003 USD, $357 million in damage and eight deaths.

Because the devastating affects in Bermuda the name Fabian was retired. It was replaced by Fred in 2009.


Bedretto

Bedretto is a municipality of the district of Leventina in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.

High five

A high five is a hand gesture done with two people who want to express joy over an common achievement. The five refers to the five fingers on each hand. 

It might mean "Good Job!". High fives are not done because a person is mad at someone else, even though doing one may hurt.

To do a high five, both people open one hand and raise it, and slap them together. It is morally wrong to slap someone in the face, instead of the hand. Sometimes this is confusing. 

Depending on the situation, a high-five may be changed to a slap-n-slide of the palms also known as a dab-up.

One Person High Five: Clap/Clapping

Revolver (Beatles album)

Revolver is a 1966 album by British rock band The Beatles. It was their 7th album. Its front cover is a , designed by Klaus Voormann, an artist friend of the Beatles from Germany.

The album was recorded at Abbey Road Studios in London, England. While most of the Beatles's records were made in Studio Two, it was being used for another project, so much of "Revolver" was made in Studio Three, which was much smaller and meant for use by soloists. Space was cramped, and the sound of the record was different from their earlier ones.

The album also got a different from earlier Beatles albums. The band felt free to "branch out" into new themes and ideas, that nobody had tried in a pop music recording before. "Taxman" commented on the tax system in England. "Eleanor Rigby" was about . "Yellow Submarine" became a hit with children. "Good Day Sunshine" and "Got to Get You Into My Life" were covered by other bands.

A few of the songs made references to drugs, particularly John Lennon's songs. "She Said She Said" was about a party in Los Angeles the Beatles had gone to, and had taken LSD. "Doctor Robert" was about a New York doctor (Charles Roberts) who sedatives and "feel-good" drugs for his patients. "Tomorrow Never Knows" came from Lennon's reading "The Psychedelic Experience", which adapted the "Tibetan Book of the Dead" as a drug-user's guide.

Beatles lead guitarist George Harrison was pleased to have three of his own songs included on "Revolver", "Taxman", "Love You To", and "I Want to Tell You". Most Beatles albums only had one or two Harrison songs. "Love You To" did not feature guitars, but Harrison instead played a sitar. World-famous sitarist Ravi Shankar heard the song, but did not like it, and offered to teach Harrison to play sitar properly. Shankar and Harrison went on to become lifelong friends.

Three songs from the album were "borrowed" by Capitol Records in the United States, and used on a compilation album, "Yesterday... and Today", which came out before "Revolver". The songs were "I'm Only Sleeping", "Doctor Robert", and "And Your Bird Can Sing". Capitol Records then released "Revolver" in a shortened version. The compact disc edition for sale today follows the original British version.

"Revolver" came out while the Beatles were on a concert tour. Bands normally perform songs from their latest album as a part of a concert. Strangely, the Beatles did not perform any "Revolver" songs on tour, but instead played the same music as on earlier tours. This got them criticism from some listeners. The tour also turned out to be the band's last. They played their final public concert in San Francisco, California on August 29, 1966.

Besazio

Besazio is a former municipality of the district of Mendrisio in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland. On 14 April 2013 the former municipalities of Besazio, Ligornetto and Meride merged into the municipality of Mendrisio.

Rip current

A rip current is a strong surface flow of water returning outward from near the shore (not to be confused with an undertow). It is often mistakenly called a "rip tide" or "riptide", which is a flow of water out of an inland lagoon or channel during an ebb tide. Colloquially a rip current is known simply as a rip. Although rip currents would exist even without the tides, tides can make an existing rip much more dangerous (especially low tide). Typical flow is at 0.5 meters per second (1-2 feet per second), and can be as fast as 2.5 meters per second (8 feet per second). Rip currents can move to different locations on a beach break, up to tens of metres (a few hundred feet) a day. They can happen at any beach with breaking waves, including the world's oceans, seas, and large lakes such as the Great Lakes in Canada and the United States. 

A rip current forms because wind and breaking waves push surface water towards the land. This causes a slight rise in the water level along the shore. This excess water will flow back to the open water via the easiest route. When there is an area which is a bit deeper, such as a break in an offshore sand bar or reef, this can let water flow offshore more quickly, forming a rip current.

Water that has been pushed up near the beach flows along the shore towards the outgoing rip as "longshore currents". The extra water flows out at a right angle to the beach, in a tight current called the "neck" of the rip. The "neck" is where the flow is fastest. When the water in the rip current reaches outside of the lines of breaking waves, the flow spreads sideways, loses power, and dissipates in what is known as the "head" of the rip.

Rip currents can form by the coasts of oceans, seas, and large lakes, whenever there are waves of high enough energy. Rip currents often occur on a gradually sloping shore, where breaking waves approach the shore parallel to it. The location of rip currents can be difficult to predict. Some tend to form always in the same places, but others can appear and disappear quickly at various locations along the beach. The appearance and disappearance of rip currents is dependent upon the shape of the bottom of the water body and the exact direction from which the waves are coming.


Bidogno

Bidogno was a municipality of the district Lugano, in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland. On 20 April 2008, the former municipalities of Bidogno, Corticiasca and Lugaggia joined together and became the municipality of Capriasca.


Biasca

Biasca is the capital of the district Riviera in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.

The municipality lies at the entrance to the Blenio valley, 19 km north of Bellinzona, on the banks of the Brenno. About 3 km east of Biasca is the small lake of Carigiolo. The villages of Loderio, Ponte, Pontirone, Sant'Anna, and Valle are a part of Biasca.

Roman coins has been found in Biasca, which means that it had people living in it in old times.

The church of Biasca has sculptures and paintings from the 1400s and 1500s. It was built in 1213. A second Catholic church, the Rotonda di San Carlo, is a nice example of the modern building of the Milanese builder Macciacchini.

An avalanche from the Monte Crenone (now called Pizzo Magno) in 1512 buried many houses in Biasca and killed hundreds of people. This was one of the big avalanches in the Alps in modern times. It dammed the Brenno, forming a 14 kilometer long lake. This dam broke in the spring of 1514, flooding the Ticino valley to the Magadino plain.


Bioggio

Bioggio is a municipality of the district of Lugano, in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.

Bioggio was created on 4 April 2004 from the merger of Bosco Luganese and Cimo. On 20 April 2008, Iseo used to be part of the municipality of Bioggio.


St. David's Island, Bermuda

St. David's Island is one of the main islands of Bermuda. It is located in the far north of the territory, one of the two similarly sized islands that makeup the majority of St. George's Parish.


St. John's International Airport

St. John's International Airport is 3 nautical miles (5.6 km) northwest of St. John's, Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada. The airport is part of the National Airports System, and is operated by St. John's International Airport Authority Inc.


Capitol Records

Capitol Records is an American major record label based in Hollywood, California. It was founded in 1942 by musician Johnny Mercer, with partners Buddy DeSylva and Glenn Wallichs. The company was later bought by EMI, a company based in England. The buyout gave Capitol's American recording artists an outlet for their records in England and Europe, while EMI's artists could sell their works in America.

Capitol's biggest-selling "imported" artist is The Beatles. When the Beatles had their first hits in England and Europe, Capitol Records did not want to market their recordings. Record producer George Martin turned instead to other American labels, trying to give the Beatles a hit record in America. Their records did not sell well in America at first, but "I Want to Hold Your Hand" became a hit through radio airplay of a British copy. Capitol Records changed their minds, released "I Want to Hold Your Hand", and it became a best-seller. Capitol then became the exclusive record label for the Beatles in America. When Universal Music sold Parlophone (the Beatles' British label) to Warner Music Group, Universal moved the Beatles' music to Capitol Records worldwide.

Capitol's Hollywood headquarters is in a building called the Capitol Tower. It is round, and built to resemble a stack of records. The building houses offices, and also Capitol's own recording studio, with large echo chambers under the building.

Today Capitol Records supervises many smaller record labels. Capitol and UMG are part of a larger company, named Vivendi.




Recording studio

A recording studio is a place prepared for the recording of music, or other sound media. Some studios are independent, but many are part of a larger business, like a record label. Independent studios may only record one band or set of performers, but may also lease time to outsiders. Some studios charge an hourly rate, while others charge by the project.

Recording studios are usually divided into three areas: a "live area" (with natural ) for recording groups, a "dead area" (with to prevent reverb and echoes) for vocals and soloists, and a control booth, to house the recording equipment. Studios are usually soundproofed, to keep outside noises from getting into recordings. and other objects are used inside studios, to isolate sound sources. room shapes are also used, to prevent "standing waves" and sound interference.

Early recording studios were not much different from radio studios, and the techniques used were , but this changed over the years. Recordings could present sounds in ways radio could not carry, and radio did not play only recordings, so the shift was natural. When recording was developed in the 1950s, radio stations did not need multitrack equipment, for example. (Today some radio stations have such equipment, but use it to pre-record material.)

After effects were developed, the natural sound of a recording space was ignored by many new studios. The people who operated them depended on effects to create the sound they wanted. Today the trend is back toward good natural sounds, with less processing.

Hamilton Parish, Bermuda

Hamilton Parish (originally Bedford Parish) is one of the nine parishes of Bermuda. It was renamed for Scottish aristocrat James Hamilton, 2nd Marquess of Hamilton (1589-1625) when he purchased the shares originally held in the Virginia Company by Lucy, Countess of Bedford.


The Causeway, Bermuda

The Causeway is a narrow strip of reclaimed land and bridges in the north of Bermuda linking Hamilton Parish on the mainland in the southwest and Bermuda International Airport on St. David's Island in St. George's Parish in the northeast, which are otherwise divided by Castle Harbour.


Southampton Parish, Bermuda

Southampton Parish is one of the nine parishes of Bermuda. It is named for Henry Wriothesley, 3rd Earl of Southampton (1573-1624).


Joaquín Rodrigo

Joaquín Rodrigo Vidre, 1st Marquess of the Gardens of Aranjuez (; 22 November 1901 – 6 July 1999) was a Spanish composer of classical music and a virtuoso pianist. Although he was blind from an early age, he became one of the most important Spanish composers of the 20th century. He wrote a lot of music for guitar, which helped classical guitar music worldwide to become more popular. His most famous work is a guitar concerto called "Concierto de Aranjuez".

Rodrigo became blind at the age of three after becoming ill with diphtheria. When he was eight he began to learn piano and violin. He also learned the guitar, but never became very good at it, although he was to compose some wonderful music for the instrument.

After studying music in Valencia he went to Paris where he studied with Paul Dukas in Paris. After a short time back in Spain he returned to Paris to study musicology, first under Maurice Emmanuel and then under André Pirro. In 1947 Rodrigo became a professor of music history in Madrid, a job that was made especially for him.

Rodrigo’s most famous work, "de Aranjuez", was composed in 1939 in Paris. It is a concerto for solo classical guitar and orchestra. There are three movements. The middle movement is a slow movement with a tune which is played on the cor anglais. It has become one of classical music’s best-loved tunes.

After the success of this piece several other musicians asked him to write concertos for them, e.g. the flautist James Galway, the cellist Julian Lloyd Webber and the guitarist Andrés Segovia, for whom he composed "Fantasía para un gentilhombre" in 1954. Another of his works is called "Concierto Andaluz," for four guitars and orchestra.

In 1991, Rodrigo was raised to the nobility by King Juan Carlos; he was given the title "Marqués de los Jardines de Aranjuez" (Marquis of the Gardens of Aranjuez). He was given the Prince of Asturias Award in 1996, the highest honour a Spanish civilian can get. He was made Commander of the Order of Arts and Letters by the French government in 1998.

He married Victoria Kamhi, a Turkish-born pianist, in 1933. They had a daughter called Cecilia. Rodrigo died in 1999 in Madrid at the age of 97. Joaquín Rodrigo and his wife Victoria are buried at the cemetery at Aranjuez.

Rodrigo composed about 170 works. These include 11 concertos, lots of pieces for choir, songs, piano music and guitar music. Like Manuel de Falla in the early 20th century, Rodrigo became the leading figure in Spanish music in the later part of the century. His music is not like most of the music that was being written in Europe at the time. At first his music was influenced by that of Stravinsky, Ravel and Granados, but later his personality gave it a special Spanish character. He had a lot of knowledge and wrote articles about lots of different arts subjects.



St. George's Parish, Bermuda

St. George's Parish is one of the nine parishes of Bermuda. It is named in honour of the patron saint of England, though it is indirectly regarded as being named for the founder of the Bermuda colony, Englishman Admiral Sir George Somers.


Cape Breton Island

Cape Breton Island (French: "île du Cap-Breton" - formerly "île Royale", Scottish Gaelic: "Eilean Cheap Breatuinn", Míkmaq: "Únamakika", simply: "Cape Breton") is an island on the Atlantic coast of North America. It likely corresponds to the European word "Breton", referring to Brittany.


Focke-Wulf Fw 190

The Fw 190 was a German fighter aircraft made by Focke-Wulf during World War II. It first flew in 1939 and was introduced in 1941. Even though it was not sleek, it could still go 408 miles per hour (653 kilometers per hour). It was also called the Shrike and the Butcher Bird.

In 1942, Luftwaffe pilot Armin Faber landed by accident at a British airfield. They were then able to find out things about the aircraft.

The Focke-Wulf Fw-190 was a multirole fighter/bomber German aircraft. It could take down large bombers itself, and ambush enemy squadrons. It fought its way through British crowds of aircraft, and supported its allies. It was also able to attack and destroy ground targets, as it has a handy bomb, found under the fuselage. 

The FW 190 was 29 feet (8.84 meters) long, had a wingspan of 34 feet 5.5 inches (10.49 meters), was 13 feet (3.96 meters) high, weighed 7,055 pounds (3,200 kilograms) empty and 10,800 pounds (4,900 kilograms) operational. It could go 408 miles per hour (653 kilometers per hour), could fly up to 37,400 feet (11,410 meters), and could go 560 miles (900 kilometers) without refueling.

FW 109 was 1500 kg heavier than Bf 109. It was also faster (FW 190 A-8 was 16 kph faster than Bf 109 G-6) but it didn't climb as fast as Bf 109 (at 15 m/s compared to 17 m/s of Bf 109). FW 190 was much better armed than Bf 109 - it had 2 machine guns above the engine and four cannons in the wings. Bf 109 had only one cannon and two machine guns.



Warriors (book series)

Warriors is a series of fantasy fiction books written by Erin Hunter (a fake name that consists of five people: Victoria Holmes, Kate Cary, Cherith Baldry, Tui T. Sutherland, and Dan Jolley). The series is about the adventures of wild cats as they try to survive in their forest homes. The cats call themselves warriors. The series is made up of eight mini-series with six books in each series.

Seven field guides were also released. They give more information about the cats and their history. Fifteen "Super Edition" books have been released, with one more announced to be released in 2023. These books are double the length of the normal books. Seventeen manga books have been released. These are graphic novels that tell short stories not seen in the main books. There have also been many short stories.

The series focuses on five groups of cats that live in Clans, and their lives. They live by a set of rules called the warrior code. Each mini-series focuses on different characters.

The first mini-series centers around Rusty, a kittypet (housecat) who joins ThunderClan, and eventually becomes leader of it. The second mini-series focuses on the cats finding a new home after their old home was destroyed by Twolegs (humans). The third mini-series focuses on three cats who were born with special powers. The fourth mini-series focuses on two sisters, who work together to fight the ghosts of evil cats. The fifth mini-series shows how the Clans were created. The sixth mini-series focuses on the Clans trying to bring a new Clan to live with them, while fighting an evil group of rogues (stray cats). The seventh mini-series focuses on the Clans trying to defeat an evil ghost who has possessed ThunderClan's leader. The eighth mini-series focuses on the Clans remaking the code they live by.

The cats live in five groups called Clans: ThunderClan, RiverClan, WindClan, ShadowClan, and SkyClan. When Clan cats die, they go to StarClan (Heaven) or the Dark Forest/Place of No Stars (Hell). The first mini-series, the first two books of the second mini-series, and the fifth mini-series are set in a forest that the authors have said was based on the New Forest area of England. The rest of the second mini-series and the third, fourth, sixth, seventh, and eighth mini-series are set in a different forest that surrounds a lake.

The cats have a system of leadership that uses multiple role titles. The highest position is the Clan leader, and their assistant is called the deputy. The cats who heal the Clan with special plants are called medicine cats. Normal Clan cats are called warriors. Young cats in training to become a warrior or a medicine cat are called apprentices. Kittens are called kits. Old cats who have retired from their jobs are called elders. Cats who don't live in the Clans are called loners or rogues, and cats who live with humans are called kittypets.

The first mini-series is about the young kitten Rusty, who is later renamed Firestar. He rises to become the leader of ThunderClan.

The books in the "Warriors: The Prophecies Begin" series are:


The second mini-series is about several cats - Brambleclaw, Squirrelflight, Crowfeather, Tawnypelt, Feathertail, Stormfur, and Leafpool - who must save the Clans by finding a new home for them.


The third mini-series is about three ThunderClan cats - Jayfeather, Hollyleaf, and Lionblaze - who are born with special powers. In this series, it is shown that the ghosts of the Clan cats' old enemies are planning on taking revenge by coming back to life.


The fourth mini-series is about Jayfeather, Lionblaze, Dovewing, and Ivypool. They must bring the Clans together so that they can defeat the evil ghosts of the Clans' old enemies. 


The fifth mini-series is about how the five Clans were created. It centers around several cats: Gray Wing, Shadowstar, Windstar, Thunderstar, Riverstar, and Skystar. These cats all became the first leaders of their Clans.

The sixth mini-series shows how Alderheart and Twigbranch of ThunderClan and Violetshine of ShadowClan brought a new Clan, SkyClan, to live with the other four Clans. It also reveals how the Clans defeated an evil group of rogues who almost destroy ShadowClan.

The seventh mini-series centers around Bristlefrost of ThunderClan, Shadowsight of ShadowClan, and Rootspring of SkyClan as they try to defeat an evil ghost cat named Ashfur. Ashfur has possessed the ThunderClan leader, and blocked communication with StarClan. 

The eighth mini-series centers around Frostpaw of RiverClan, Nightheart of ThunderClan, and Sunbeam of ShadowClan. The Clans are making changes to the rules they live by, and some cats don't like these changes, while other cats do.

Firestar goes on a quest to make a new Clan, SkyClan.

Bluestar's life from kitten to leader of ThunderClan.

Leafstar leads SkyClan through trouble after Firestar leaves.

Crookedstar's promise to a mysterious cat leaves him with all the power he could dream of, but all his family dead.

Yellowfang's ability to feel the pain of other cats has to be kept a secret to her Clan.

Tallstar sets out on a quest for revenge on the cat he believes killed his father.

Bramblestar has to lead ThunderClan as a large storm destroys their home.
Moth Flight learns that she must become the first medicine cat.
SkyClan has to leave their home. Hawkwing has to help them find the other Clans.
Dovewing is pregnant with Tigerheart's kits. She travels far away to find a safe place to give birth. Tigerheart has to find them and bring them back home.
Crowfeather tries to make peace with his family.
Squirrelflight fights for the protection of a peaceful group of female cats known as The Sisters, while worrying that she'll leave no legacy when she dies.
Long ago, Graystripe promised never to leave his Clan, but when trouble happens in ThunderClan, he realizes he has to leave if he wants to save it.


Leopardstar wants what is best for her Clan, but she needs to avoid being reckless.


Onestar must confess a secret to his Clan.


Riverstar learns what it means to have a home and care for other cats.


Ivypool is depressed after her daughter dies.

Hollyleaf meets a strange cat in the tunnels beneath the Clans' territory.

Mistystar's medicine cat doesn't believe in StarClan, and Mistystar worries about this.

Cloudstar leads SkyClan on a journey to find a new home that eventually fails.
Tigerclaw, former deputy of ThunderClan, seeks revenge on his old Clanmates.
Leafpool hides her kits from her Clan with the help of her sister, Squirrelflight.
Dovewing finds the loss of her special powers hard to deal with.
Mapleshade seeks revenge on every cat who has wronged her.
Goosefeather can see the fates of cats around him, including his own.
Ravenpaw takes his friend Barley, and Barley's sister's kittens to SkyClan. Then he dies.
Spottedleaf must decide whether she wants to be a warrior or a medicine cat.
Pinestar decides to leave ThunderClan and become a house cat.
Thunderstar struggles as the first leader of ThunderClan.
Redtail's life was saved by Tigerclaw, but they begin to become enemies.
Tawnypelt takes her grandson on a quest.
Shadowstar is stalked by a cat who wants to kill her.
Pebbleshine tries to raise her kits while lost from her Clan.
Tree leaves his family to discover who he really is.
Mothwing doesn't believe in StarClan, and she must keep this hidden from her Clan.
Daisy questions her place in the Clans as she realizes what a violent place the forest can be.
Spotfur leads a rebellion against the possessed leader of ThunderClan.
Blackfoot was one of the evil Tigerstar's closest friends, and he struggles to find his place as the new leader of ShadowClan.

"Secrets of the Clans" has a list of healing plants, a tour of the camps of all four forest Clans, maps, stories, Clan folktales, Clan histories, prophecies, and a cat language to human language glossary.

"Cats of the Clans" has information and pictures of the most important "Warriors" characters.

"Code of the Clans" explains the reasons behind all the rules of the warrior code using several short stories.

"Battles of the Clans" explains all of the Clans' battle moves and some famous past battles.

"Enter the Clans" is "Secrets of the Clans" and "Code of the Clans" in one book.

"The Ultimate Guide" is an expanded version of "Cats of the Clans" with more characters.
"The Warriors Guide" is an updated version of "Secrets of the Clans".


"The Ultimate Guide: Updated and Expanded Edition" is an expanded version of "The Ultimate Guide" with more characters and new information.

This series shows what happened to ThunderClan warrior Graystripe when he was captured by humans.


This series shows how a house cat named Sasha fell in love with a dangerous Clan cat, Tigerstar.


This series shows how Ravenpaw and his friend fight to take back their farm from a group of evil cats who have stolen it from them.


This series shows how SkyClan leader Leafstar deals with a cat who causes problems.


This single manga shows how a small kitten named himself Scourge and became the evil leader of BloodClan.

This single manga shows how Feathertail questions her place in RiverClan.

This single manga shows how former WindClan deputy Mudclaw feels angry after being replaced by a warrior called Onewhisker.

This single manga shows what happened to ShadowClan elders when they were banished from their Clan by their evil leader.

This single manga shows how Brightheart and Cloudtail must find out who is stealing prey from ThunderClan.

There are four Warriors short stories: "Spottedleaf's Honest Answer", "The Clans Decide", "After Sunset: The Right Choice?", and "The Elders' Concern". There are also two educator's guides for teachers.

A play called "After" "Sunset: We Need to Talk" was performed in 2007 at a bookstore. It shows a meeting between Leafpool of ThunderClan and Crowfeather of WindClan after the events of the book "Sunset".

In 2009, another play called "Brightspirit's Mercy" was released. This play is about the ThunderClan cat Jayfeather helping the other Clans by giving them food, even though it is against the warrior code to do that. This play was also released at www.warriorcats.com. It was written in memory of a "Warriors" fan and her parents, who all died in a tornado in 2007.

There is a website for "Warriors" called Warrior Cats Hub. There was an old website called Warrior Cats, but this website was shut down. Both websites have included games, stores, and special information about the series.

In 2016, a "Warriors" movie was announced. There have been no updates on it since 2018.

There are many "Warriors" items that can be bought, including shirts, plush toys, figures, and more. There have also been trading cards included in the Chinese versions of the books.

There is a "Warriors" app called Warrior Cats Hub. There was also an old app called Warrior Cats that was shut down.

The Warriors series has been published in many countries, including Poland, China, Australia, Canada, Russia, and more.

There have been audiobook versions made of many "Warriors" books.


Tsar Bomba

Tsar Bomba, the nickname for the AN602 H-bomb, was the largest, most powerful nuclear weapon ever used. It was originally tested by the Soviet Union on October 30, 1961. It was a three stage H-bomb.

This bomb is also called the "Father of Bombs".

The explosion had a power of 56,000,000 tonns of TNT (56 Megatons). The Tsar Bomb was actually designed as a 100 Megatonn-Bomb. But as there were problems to detonate a bomb as strong as 100,000,000 tonns of TNT, the Soviet Union technicians reduced its power to 56 Megatonns.

The testing site of the nuclear bomb was Novaya Zemlya. There was not much fallout because the bomb was detonated at height.

The bomb was dropped by a Soviet bomber, the Tupolev Tu-95. This was the only plane in the world which could carry the bomb. When the bomb exploded, the bomber fell one Kilometer in height from the huge blast wave.

243 Ida

243 Ida is a Main belt asteroid with pictures taken by the "Galileo" spacecraft on August 28, 1993. It was the first binary asteroid to be found and is a member of the Koronis family of asteroids.

Ida was found by Johann Palisa on September 29, 1884 in Vienna. It is named after Ida, a Cretan nymph in Greek mythology who lived on a mountain that has her name (see Mount Ida, Crete).

Ida has a small moon, Dactyl, which was found on February 17, 1994 by "Galileo" mission member Ann Harch, while examining the delayed image downloads. The moon was given the designation S/1993 (243) 1 and later named (243) Ida I Dactyl. The pictures where it was first seen were taken on 28 August 1993, hence the designation. The moon was reported on 12 March 1994.

Dactyl is only 1.4 km in diameter. Some researchers believe that Dactyl formed from debris blown off from Ida because of cratering, while others suggest that Ida and Dactyl formed as a pair a billion or more years ago when Ida's parent body was disrupted. Both of these theories present difficulties that are unresolved at this time. Since Dactyl was found, other sightings have suggested that asteroid moons are common.

Although Ida's dimensions, measured along the principal axes (based on its rotation) are 53.6×24.0×15.2 km, the best-fit ellipsoid measures 60.0×25.2×18.6 km. Since its mass is well known thanks to its little moon, one can calculate that its surface gravity can be between 0.0031 and 0.0324 m/s². The rotation axis is within one degree of the shorter dimension axis, which means the centrifugal effect can reach a value as high as 0.0042 m/s² — at the tips of its longest axes, Ida is actually under tension.



Bironico

Bironico was a municipality in Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland. On 21 November 2010 the municipalities of Bironico, Camignolo, Medeglia, Rivera and Sigirino joined together to become a new municipality, Monteceneri.

Bissone

Bissone is a municipality of the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.

Bodio

Bodio is a municipality of the district of Leventina in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.

Bogno

Bogno was a municipality of the district of Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland. On 14 April 2013, the former municipalities of Bogno, Cadro, Carona, Certara, Cimadera, Valcolla and Sonvico merged into the city of Lugano.

Borgnone

Borgnone was a municipality of the district of Locarno in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland. On 25 October 2009, the former municipalities of Borgnone, Intragna and Palagnedra merged into the new municipality of Centovalli.

Principality of Khachen

The Principality of Khachen () was a medieval Armenian principality, in part of historical Artsakh (present-day Nagorno-Karabakh). The regions of Artsakh and Utik were provinces of the Kingdom of Armenia in Antiquity. From the twelfth century the Khachen principality dominated the region. The Byzantine emperor Constantine VII addressed his letters to the prince of Khachen with the inscription "To Prince of Khachen, Armenia." Today the region is recognised to be part of Azerbaijan. 



Therapy

Therapy, in the medical field also called treatment, is what people do to try to solve or care for a health problem, physical or mental. When a person is ill or injured, a doctor may make a medical diagnosis and then recommend a therapy to try to make the person well. The therapy can be, for example, medications (drugs), surgery or a change of diet. Therapy may be offered at work to help people with stress.

A person who does therapy as a job is called a therapist. There are many kinds of therapists. for example:

Medical treatments may have four results:



253 Mathilde

\end{align}</math></ref> m/s²

253 Mathilde is a main belt asteroid found by Johann Palisa in 1885. It has a fairly elliptical orbit that takes more than four years to circle the Sun. This asteroid has an unusually slow rate of rotation, taking 17.4 days to complete a 360° revolution about its axis. It is a primitive C-type asteroid, which means the surface has lots of carbon; giving it a dark surface that reflects only 4% of the light that falls on it.

This asteroid was visited by the NEAR Shoemaker spacecraft during June 1997, on its way to asteroid 433 Eros. The spacecraft took pictures of one side of the asteroid, finding many big craters that have gouged out depressions in the surface. It is currently the biggest asteroid to be visited by a spacecraft, and the first C-type asteroid to be so explored.

253 Mathilde is very dark. The asteroid has a number of very big craters, with the individual craters being named for coal fields and basins around the world. The two biggest craters, Ishikari (29.3 km) and Karoo (33.4 km), are as wide as the asteroid's average radius. The impacts appear to have blown big volumes off the asteroid, as suggested by the angular edges of the craters.

The density measured by NEAR Shoemaker, 1,300 kg/m³, is less than half that of a normal carbonaceous chondrite; this may indicate that the asteroid is very loosely packed rubble pile (an asteroid that has been broken apart by a collision and pulled back together by gravity). The same is true of several C-type asteroids studied by ground-based telescopes with adaptive optics systems (45 Eugenia, 90 Antiope, 87 Sylvia and 121 Hermione). Up to 50% of the volume inside of 253 Mathilde has open space. However, the existence of a 20-km-long scarp may indicate that the asteroid does have some structural strength, so it could contain some big internal components. The low interior density is an inefficient transmitter of impact shock through the asteroid, which also helps to preserve the surface features to a high degree.

Mathilde's orbit is eccentric, taking it to the farther reaches of the Main belt. Nonetheless, the orbit lies between the orbits of Mars and Jupiter; it does not cross the planetary orbits. It also has one of the slowest rotation periods of the known asteroids — most asteroids have a rotation period in the range of 2 – 24 hours. Because of the slow rotation rate, NEAR Shoemaker was only able to take pictures of 60% of the asteroid's surface. The slow rate of rotation may been accounted for by a moon orbiting the asteroid, but a search of the NEAR images revealed none bigger than 10 km in diameter out to 20 times the radius of 253 Mathilde.


Yōkai

Yōkai are creature in old Japanese stories, such as oni, kappa, or tengu. They have mysterious supernatural powers. There are thousands of yōkai. In the Edo period, yōkai were characters in story books. Recently, many new yōkai have been made. There is even a yōkai dictionary. The yōkai are monsters or ghosts in Japanese tradition. In the past people believed they caused disease, accidents, and natural disasters. People were often scared of them.

The most famous yōkai are Tengu, Oni (Japanese ogre), and Kyubi no Kitsune (a fox with nine tails). When some people and animals are filled with hate, they became yōkai. For example, Sutoku. Sutoku (Japanese ancient emperor) died filled with hate. Then, he became a Tengu and caused a disaster. Also, a cat which lived too long time became Nekomata.

Recently, yōkai are familiar with people as subculture in Japan.

In recent decades, the yōkai have been frequently depicted in Japanese fiction and media, particularly in horror or fantasy-themed works, such as in manga, anime and films, as well as in videogames, a notable example of this is the manga "GeGeGe no Kitarō", written by mangaka Shigeru Mizuki, of which is entirely based on the "yōkai" myth. Other examples includes the manga series "Death Note", "Pet Shop of Horrors", "Good Luck Girl!", light novel "Ghost Hunt", the 2011 animated film "A Letter to Momo" and RPG videogame franchise "Yo-kai Watch".

Stamp album

A stamp album is a book, often loose-leafed (with its papers not attached to the book, but hanging loose inside), in which a collection of postage stamps may be stored and displayed. There are also stamp albums in the form of binders.

Many collectors buy preprinted (already printed) albums and pages, which are made and sold. The usual format is to print a black-and-white picture of the stamp in each space. Album pages are almost always one-sided pages.

Stamp hinges are used by stamp collectors to put postage stamps onto the pages of the stamp album.


Stamp collector

A stamp collector or philatelist collects postage stamps as a hobby. Stamp collectors normally keep the stamps in books called stamp albums. A philatelist can study various aspects of definitive stamps and other types of stamps, cancellations, and other philatelic materials.


There are many stamp collecting clubs around the world. Belonging to a stamp club or philatelic society has many advantages. For example, Royal Philatelic Society of Canada members receive magazines, can get help with questions through phone support, and purchase insurance for their collections at a discounted group rate.


Pansexuality

Pansexual people are people attracted to people regardless of their sex or gender. This is similar to some bisexual people. The word "pansexual" comes from the Greek word 'pan-', meaning "all". 

Although the sexuality overlaps with bisexuality, both labels are accepted as long as the person is comfortable and respects the other equally. 

Originally, Sigmund Freud invented the word "", regarding the hypothesis "that regards all desire and interest as derived from [the] sex instinct".

Pansexuality is often described as ‘attraction to people regardless of gender (including those who may not identify as boys or girls or as men or women, or to those who are intersex, genderfluid, etc.) pansexuality can also be described as "gender blind".

Some may describe it as "gender blind" because those who identify as pansexual do not consider gender important when they are attracted to others. Pansexuality is considered the opposite of asexuality, as pansexuality means a person may be sexually attracted to anyone regardless of their gender identity, but asexuality means a person is sexually attracted to no one. However, pansexuals are not necessarily sexually attracted to everyone they meet, nor do they necessarily have strong sex drives.

The pansexual colors from the pride flag all have different meanings, pink meaning attraction to fem presenting people, blue attraction to masculine presenting people, and yellow for people (for an example) of a non-binary gender, such as agender, bigender or genderfluid.


Adverse effect (medicine)

In medicine, an adverse effect is a harmful and undesired effect that results from a therapy like medication, chemotherapy, surgery or other intervention. An adverse effect may be called a "side-effect" (when it is less important than the therapeutic effect).

It may result from an unsuitable or incorrect dosage or procedure (which could be caused by medical error). Some adverse effects happen only at the beginning or a change of a treatment. Medical error was the third most common cause of death in the United States in 2019.

In many countries, adverse effects have to be reported and researched in clinical trials and included into the patient information accompanying medical devices and drugs for sale to the public. This is called pharmacovigilance.



Technosexuality

Technosexuality is a word used to mean two things:

Sometimes "technosexual" is used as an insult, implying that someone would prefer a sex toy to an actual sexual partner.

The Calvin Klein company trademarked the term "technosexual" in 2005.

'i-wear' (or 'e-wear') is "intelligent" clothing that joins fashion with technology. i-wear was born out of the collaboration between European fashion designers and computer technicians. i-wear is a step made towards technologizing a person's fashion, and in this sense, a person can be more as a part of technosexuality.



Antisexuality

Antisexualism, sex-negativity or antisexuality is opposition or hostility towards sexual behavior and sexuality.

Some forms of early ascetic Gnosticism held all matter to be evil, and that unnecessary gratifications of the physical senses were to be avoided. Married couples were encouraged to be celibate. The Skoptsys were a radical sect of the Russian Orthodox Church that practiced castration and amputation of sexual organs. The Skoptsy believed that Christ had been castrated during his crucifixion, and it was this castration that brought about salvation. 

The Shakers was a radical Protestant sect that opposed procreation and all sexual activity. The Shakers were more opposed to pregnancy than anything else.
John Harvey Kellogg, the inventor of corn flakes breakfast cereal, was opposed to all forms of sexual activity, especially masturbation. "The Road to Wellville" satirized his life and practices. Father Divine, founder of the International Peace Mission Movement, advocated religious abstinence from sex and marriage and taught that sexual objectification is a root cause of undesirable social and political conditions.

The Anti-Flirt Club, set up in the United States during the interwar period, was set up in order to protect women from unwanted advances from men.

A popular venue of antisexuals is the Antisex.info (Antisexual Stronghold) website founded by Yuri Nesterenko. He launched a FidoNet-based antisexual community in 1995. While putting forward the slogan "Say No to sex", the spokesmen said that no sexual urges are so violent that they may not be deterred through mental reason, or else transformed through abstinence. Some members of the IAM say they have successfully overcome the desire for sex.



Ned Flanders

Nedward "Ned" Flanders is a character in the animated television series "The Simpsons".

Ned Flanders and his son Todd first appeared in the season one episode "Simpsons Roasting on an Open Fire", which was the series first episode. The first episode in which Flanders and his family were seen is season two's "Dead Putting Society", which also showed the first appearance of Maude and Rod Flanders. He is a fan of The Beatles and the television drama series "Bergerac".

Flanders was named after Flanders St. in Portland, Oregon, the hometown of "Simpsons" creator Matt Groening. Groening wanted Flanders as "just a guy who was truly nice, that Homer had no justifiable reason to loathe, but then did." It was not until after the first few episodes that it was decided Flanders would be a faithful Christian. Mike Scully said that Flanders is "everything Homer would love to be, although he'll never admit it." Flanders had originally been meant to just be a neighbor that Homer was jealous of, but Harry Shearer used "such a sweet voice" and Flanders was planned to become a Christian and a sweet guy that someone would choose to live next to over Homer.

Ned's "unbearable niceness" has been described as ""The Simpsons"<nowiki>'</nowiki> worst comment about religion". Although Flanders was meant to be only a character making fun of the Christian right, he has since become a favorite of many Christian viewers. He has been described as "[The United States]' most well-known evangelical." Dr. Rowan Williams, the Archbishop of Canterbury, declared himself as a "Simpsons" fan, and said he likes Flanders.


Mike Scully

Mike Scully (born October 2, 1956 in West Springfield, Massachusetts) is an Emmy Award-winning American television writer best known for his work as show runner of the Fox series "The Simpsons" from 1997 - 2001 (Seasons 9-12).

George Meyer

George Meyer is an American producer and screenwriter for the television series "The Simpsons". He is arguably the writer who has done the most to the series over the many years it has been made. In 2000, Meyer was called "the funniest man behind the funniest show on TV" by "The New Yorker". 


Christian right

The Christian right (known as the religious right in the United States) is the name for right-wing Christian political and social movements. They also exist in other countries, such as Canada. However, the term is most often used in the United States. These groups have a strong support of conservative social and political ideas. Usually, this comes from a belief that the United States was founded on a strong belief in God. It also come from a belief that American laws and policies should be based on what is in the Bible. Members of the Christian right can be from any branch of Christianity, including Catholicism. However, the religious right is most often used with Evangelical Christians, Fundamentalists (such as Born-agains) and Mormons. About 15% of Americans say they are part of the Christian or religious right.

People have used religion in politics for thousands of years, and people in the United States have used religion for conservative politics in the United States for hundreds of years. For example, those who wanted a conviction in the Scopes trial, largely Democrats, would later be called the religious right. However, the term first came into use in the 1970s. Jerry Falwell was one of the first to use it. He and others felt that the country and institutions (such as schools and colleges) were run by left-wing intellectuals who did not believe in God. They thought that most people believed in God and did not care for left-wing intellectuals. The fight between left-wing intellectuals and the religious right is often called the "culture wars".

Presidents Ronald Reagan, George H. W. Bush and Donald Trump were elected in part due to support from the religious right.

As well as the Christian right, there is something called the Christian left. However, it is not as well-known or powerful.

Here are some issues that the Christian right feels strongly about:

The Christian right became more popular again in the 1970s under Falwell due to abortion. This was in response to the "Roe v. Wade" decision made by the U.S. Supreme Court. Most members of the Christian right feel that life begins at conception. They think that killing a fetus is murder. Therefore, they think abortion should be illegal in most or all cases. This is called being "pro-life". Though the right has not until recently been able to get rid of "Roe" (and it is now considered to be a precedent by most judges), they have been successful in making it harder to get abortions in some states.

Many members of the Christian right believe that the Bible says it is bad to be homosexual (gay or lesbian). They used to support sodomy laws. Today, they are mostly against allowing gay marriage. They have had many laws and initiatives passed to stop gay people from marrying (such as California's Proposition 8). Some of these were found to be unconstitutional in the courts. To make stopping gay marriage constitutional, many have pushed for an amendment to the United States constitution to ban gay marriage.

Many members of the Christian right do not believe in evolution, because it goes against the creation story of the Bible. They instead favor creationism or intelligent design. Most biologists believe that evolution is true and that arguments against evolution are weak. In a few places, they have been successful in teaching intelligent design alongside evolution in public schools.

Many members of the Christian right want to allow prayer in public schools and display of things related to Christ in public or government places. As with gay marriage, this has been questioned in the courts, usually due to the freedom of religion clause in the First Amendment.

Tress MacNeille

Tress MacNeille (born June 20, 1951) is an American voice actress best known for doing voices on the animated television series "The Simpsons", "Futurama", and "Animaniacs", "The Powerpuff Girls". Her most famous characters on "The Simpsons" include Agnes Skinner, Brandine Spuckler and Lindsey Naegle, while her performance as Mom is her most notable "Futurama" role.
She also been the voice of the penguins in the Disney TV Series Club Penguin, and the voice of Daisy Duck.


Karl Wiedergott

Karl Wiedergott (born February 8, 1969) is a German-born American actor. He has regularly played various voice roles in the television program "The Simpsons", beginning in 1998 and quitting the show in 2010. He has also worked on The Simpsons Movie which was released July 27, 2007.


Bill Oakley

Bill Oakley (born in 1966) is an American television writer, best known for his work on "The Simpsons". Along with his writing partner Josh Weinstein, Oakley was the executive producer and showrunner during the seventh and eighth seasons. Before serving as the show's executive producers, the pair were hired onto the writing staff during the fourth season. Together, the two wrote episodes such as "Who Shot Mr. Burns?". After leaving "The Simpsons", Oakley and Weinstein created "Mission Hill", "The Mullets", and served as consulting producers on "Futurama".


David X. Cohen

David X. Cohen (born July 13, 1966), born David Samuel Cohen, is an American television writer. He has written for "The Simpsons". He also runs and is the main writer for "Futurama".


Canterbury Cathedral

Canterbury Cathedral is one of the oldest and most famous churches in England. The cathedral is in Canterbury, Kent. It is a UNESCO World Heritage Site. It is also one of the greatest examples of mediaeval Norman architecture in Britain. The cathedral is the 'seat' of the archbishop of Canterbury. The archbishop is the most important bishop in the Church of England.

The church was founded by Augustine of Canterbury in 597 AD. The present version was built on the remains of the old Saxon church by Lanfranc, starting in 1066. Lanfranc, the first Norman Archbishop, was put in position by William the Conqueror. His cathedral was dedicated in 1077. The architecture of the present cathedral is basically Romanesque, with many later repairs and additions. The nave (where the congregation sits) was rebuilt in the 14th century with newly discovered building methods. The new style of English Gothic architecture ('perpendicular') gave the building greater height and larger windows. Some of the stained glass in the cathedral is from the 12th century. It was probably made between 1130 and 1160. There was a great fire in 1174 and the people built most of the cathedral again. The fire did not destroy some of the old windows from the 12th century.

The cathedral area, called the precinct, has walls all around it. Canterbury also has defensive wall. Much of this wall is still standing. The cathedral precinct includes many other buildings: a school, a conference building, a number of houses and a palace. The Deanery is where the dean of Canterbury lives: he is the manager of the cathedral. The dean and chapter (a committee) take the decisions. The archbishop's job is to run the whole Anglican Church.

The cathedral costs £12,000 a day to run and repair, and there are no government grants. Because of this, fund-raising is one of the Dean's main jobs. The cathedral is a working church. On Sundays there are six services (of different kinds). On weekdays there are three services. These are free of any entry charge. Tourists visiting pay a fee to see the cathedral when there is no service.

It was where Thomas Becket was murdered by knights of Henry II, after the king asked, supposedly, "Who will rid me of this turbulent priest?" Beckett was the second archbishop of Canterbury to be murdered. The first was Alphege in 1012. The third was Thomas Cranmer, in 1533.

in 1988, UNESCO and the World Heritage Committee named Canterbury Cathedral, the ruins of St Augustine's Abbey, and St Martin's Church together as a World Heritage Site. As a group, they are buildings which show the development of Christianity in Britain.





Bosco Gurin

Bosco Gurin or Bosco/Gurin (Walser German: "Gurin" / "Guryn", Lombard: "Bosch" / "Gürin") is a municipality of the district of Vallemaggia in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland. It is the only municipality in Ticino where German is a co-official language.


Brione (Verzasca)

Brione is a former municipality of the district of Locarno in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.

On 17 October 2020 the former municipalities of Brione (Verzasca), Corippo, Frasco, Sonogno and Vogorno merged to form the new municipality of Verzasca.

Brione sopra Minusio

Brione sopra Minusio is a municipality of the district of Locarno in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.

Brissago

Brissago is a municipality of the district of Locarno in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.


Brusino Arsizio

Brusino Arsizio is a municipality of the district of Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.

Bruzella

Bruzella was a municipality of the district Mendrisio in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland. On 25 October 2009 the former municipalities of Bruzella, Cabbio, Caneggio, Morbio Superiore, Muggio and Sagno merged into the new municipality of Breggia.

Second-in-command

The Second-in-Command (2i/c or 2IC) is the second commander, the person that is in charge after the commander, of any British Army or British Royal Marines unit/group. He or she is the same as an Executive Officer in the United States Army. This term or word is also used in many other Commonwealth militaries.

The Second-in-Command of a group is usually a Major. The Second-in-Command of a smaller group is usually a Captain (although infantry groups' Second-in-Command's were usually Lieutenants until after the Second World War), the Second-in-Command of an even smaller group is the Sergeant of the group, and the Second-in-Command of a section is usually a Lance Corporal.

In the Royal Navy the second-in-command of a vessel or ship is known as the First Lieutenant or Executive Officer.

"Second-in-command" is a term/word used, usually as a joke, for any deputy or person that is right below the commander. Its basic meaning is "someone that relieves a commander".

Cademario

Cademario is a municipality of the district of Lugano in the Swiss canton of Ticino.


Cadempino

Cadempino is a municipality of the district of Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.


Cadenazzo

Cadenazzo is a municipality of the district of Bellinzona, in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland. 


Cadro

Cadro was a municipality of the district of Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland. On 14 April 2013, the former municipalities of Bogno, Cadro, Carona, Certara, Cimadera, Valcolla and Sonvico merged into the city of Lugano.

Calpiogna

Calpiogna is a municipality of the district of Leventina in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland. On 1 April 2012, the former municipalities of Anzonico, Calpiogna, Campello, Cavagnago, Chironico, Mairengo and Osco merged to form the municipality of Faido.

Camignolo

Camignolo was a municipality in Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland. On 21 November 2010 the former municipalities Bironico, Camignolo, Medeglia, Rivera and Sigirino joined together to become one new municipality called Monteceneri.

Camorino

Camorino was a municipality, in the municipality of Bellinzona and the district of Bellinzona in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.


Campello, Switzerland

Campello is a municipality of the district of Leventina in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland. On 1 April 2012 the former municipalities of Anzonico, Calpiogna, Campello, Cavagnago, Chironico, Mairengo and Osco merged to form the municipality of Faido.

Chara

Chara could mean:

Vicente Blasco Ibañez

Vicente Blasco Ibáñez (29 January 1867-28 January 1928) was a Spanish realist novelist writing in Spanish, a screenwriter and occasional film director.


Pistoia

Pistoia is a city in the Tuscany region of Italy. It is the capital of the province of Pistoia. The city is about west and north of Florence.

"Pistoria", the old Latin name of Pistoia, was a Gallic, Ligurian and Etruscan city. After the city became a Roman colony in the 6th century BC, it was a place for activities or trades. Near the end of the 6th century, the city was captured by troops of the Lombardic king. The city did very well under the control of the Lombards. In 1177, Pistoia chose to become a free commune. In the following years, it became an important political centre. It built walls and several public and religious buildings.

In 1254 Pistoia was captured by troops from Florentine. Pistoia stayed a Florentine city except for few years in the 14th century, when Castruccio Castracani captured it for Lucca. It was annexed to (made a part of) Florence in 1530. During the 14th century Ormanno Tedici was one of the Lords of the city.

Dante mentioned the town in his Divina Commedia. Michelangelo called the people of Pistoia the "enemies of heaven".

The large Piazza del Duomo is connected near to other famous buildings, for example the " Palazzo del Comune" and the "Palazzo del Podestà". In July, the "Giostra dell'Orso" ("Bear Joust") takes place in the square. At the joust, horsemen try to strike a target held by a dummy shaped like a bear. The 14th century Baptistry, in Gothic style is also in the square.

The "Palazzo dei Vescovi" ("Bishops' Palace") includes a loggia in gothic style.


Pistoia is twinned with:


Seleute

Seleute was a municipality, in the new municipality of Clos du Doubs and district of Porrentruy in the canton of Jura in Switzerland.

Vendlincourt

Vendlincourt is a municipality of the district of Porrentruy in the canton of Jura in Switzerland.

Bassecourt

Bassecourt is a former municipality of the district of Delémont in the canton of Jura in Switzerland. On 1 January 2013 the former municipalities of Bassecourt, Courfaivre, Glovelier, Soulce and Undervelier merged to form the new municipality of Haute-Sorne.


Boécourt

Boécourt is a municipality of the district of Delémont in the canton of Jura in Switzerland.

Bourrignon

Bourrignon is a municipality of the district of Delémont in the canton of Jura in Switzerland.

Châtillon, Jura

Châtillon is a municipality of the district of Delémont in the canton of Jura in Switzerland.

Trans fat

Trans fat is a type of unsaturated fat. Trans fat is often produced in factories when manufacturing certain processed foods such as margarine. Trans fat occurs in nature only very rarely, found in small amounts in meat and milk fat. When vegetable oils are heated or when they are hydrogenated, trans fats are made. Hydrogenation is the process of bubbling hydrogen gas through the oil to change its consistency. The bubbling raises the melting point of the oil. As the hydrogen passes through, the oil begins to become solid. By stopping the hydrogenation part of the way through, manufacturers obtain "partially hydrogenated oil". This is similar to butter, but much cheaper to produce. It is sold as "margarine", "oleo" or "vegetable shortening". The process allows cheaply adding a butter-like consistency to food products.

Trans fat is bad for human health and has been linked to a number of problems including: coronary heart disease, cancer, diabetes, obesity, liver dysfunction, and infertility. Healthy oils are always liquid at the temperature of blood. Saturated and trans fats are not.

There has yet to be a study which shows that trans fat is good for human health in any way. Since scientists and nutritionists now know the health issues related to eating trans fats, trans fats are being used less but there are still some in commercial food products.
For some time, the US government's Food and Drug Administration allowed makers of food products to label their products as having "0 grams of trans fat per serving" as long as the amount of trans fat in the food product falls below 0.5 grams per serving. Since partially hydrogenated oils are the major source of trans fat, reading the "ingredients" label is the safest way to ensure that a food does not contain any trans fat at all. Fried foods will likely, but not necessarily, contain trans fat since fried foods are produced by using very hot oil. 

In 2013, the Food and Drug Administration began to gradually stop the use of trans fats in all foods. It says there is no safe amount of trans fats that should be in food eaten by humans.

In June 2015, the FDA issued a final statement. It says there is no agreement by scientists that artificial trans fatty acids are safe for any use in human food. Trans fat must be taken out of all food production within three years (by June 2018). The FDA says the ban will cost the food industry $6.2 billion over 20 years. The food industry must use new formulas and recipes using ingredients without trans fat. The benefits will be about $140 billion over 20 years. This will be mostly from lower health care costs. Food companies can issue requests to the FDA for permission to use partially hydrogenated oils. The companies must prove the oils' use is safe.

Cluny

Cluny is a city in eastern France. It lies in the region of Burgundy. The city grew around the Abbey of Cluny in the 10th century. The town of Mâcon is about 30 km to the southeast. Lyon is about 60 km to the south. Today, about 4,400 people live in the city. The Cluniac Reforms started here. 

Integumentary system

The integumentary system is everything covering the outside of an animal's body. This account is written mostly with people in mind, but it applies more widely.

The integument means skin, hair, scales, nails, sweat glands and their products (sweat and mucus). The name comes from the Latin "integumentum", which means 'a covering'.

Skin, hair, scales, feathers and nails make up the integumentary system.

There are two layers of skin: 

There are four types of glands

The integumentary system has lots of different functions. It:

Here is a list of skin problems:
There are other skin problems that are less common.


Auditory system

The auditory system is the sensory system for the sense for hearing. The sense organ for hearing is the ear.

The outer ear is the folds of cartilage surrounding the ear canal. They are called the pinna. 

Sound waves travelling through the ear canal will hit the tympanum, or eardrum. Three tiny bones, the ossicles, convert the waves to high pressure vibrations. They are then converted to nerve impulses in the cochlea.

The inner ear is made mostly of the cochlea. The cochlea is made up of three pieces, and is filled with liquid. It transforms sound waves to electric signals in neurons. The semicircular canals of the inner ear are used in equilibrioception, the sense of balance.


Northbridge

The northbridge is one of two basic chips on the motherboard of a computer. The other basic chip is the southbridge and together they create the computer chipset. Usually, north- and southbridge are on different ICs; it is rare for both of them to be on one chip.

Northbridge supports communication between CPU, RAM memory, AGP port or PCI Express bus and also supports connection with southbridge. There exist some chipsets which support two types of RAM memory and which are accessible during transition to new standard. 

Northbridge is a basic part of motherboard which establishes speed, types of processors, quantity of processors and kind of RAM memory. Other important factors are, for example, voltage regulation and number of connectors.

Sequencers of RAM memory was, in AMD64 architecture, shifted directly into processor. Other producers (like Intel or IBM) also incorporated this change into their new processors.

A perspective to the future is SOC (System On Chip). With it will also decrease the number of components on the motherboard. But bigger chips hold under universality of solution, they have more pins and they are more difficult. Present high-speed buses are series (PCIe, SATA) and they decline the complexity. In the future we can expect return to the standard interface of other circuits using bus (probably PCI express) and maybe they will be connected to the single Super I/O sequencer. Saved lads can be used for another integrated turn like SATA, USB, IDE, SDIO scanner of cards and sequencers of PCI.

Mitlödi

Mitlödi was a municipality of the canton of Glarus in Switzerland. On 1 January 2011, the former municipalities of Mitlödi, Betschwanden, Braunwald, Elm, Engi, Haslen, Linthal, Luchsingen, Matt, Rüti, Schwanden, Schwändi and Sool merged into the new municipality of Glarus Süd.


Mollis

Mollis was a municipality, in the municipality of Glarus Nord and canton of Glarus in Switzerland.


Mühlehorn

Mühlehorn was a municipality of the canton of Glarus in Switzerland. On 1 January 2011, the former municpalities of Mühlehorn, Bilten, Filzbach, Mollis, Näfels, Niederurnen, Oberurnen and Obstalden merged into the new municipality of Glarus Nord.


Näfels

Näfels was a municipality, in the municipality of Glarus Nord and canton of Glarus in Switzerland.


Netstal

Netstal was a municipality of the canton of Glarus in Switzerland. Since 1 January 2011, Netstal is part of the municipality of Glarus.


Niederurnen

Niederurnen was a municipality of the canton of Glarus in the country of Switzerland. On 1 January 2011, the former municipalities of Niederurnen, Bilten, Filzbach, Mollis, Mühlehorn, Näfels, Oberurnen and Obstalden merged into the new municipality of Glarus Nord.


Oberurnen

Oberurnen was a municipality of the canton of Glarus in Switzerland. On 1 January 2011, the former municipalities of Oberurnen, Bilten, Filzbach, Mollis, Mühlehorn, Näfels, Niederurnen and Obstalden merged into the new municipality of Glarus Nord.


Obstalden

Obstalden was a municipality of the canton of Glarus in Switzerland. On 1 January 2011, the former municipalities of Obstalden, Bilten, Filzbach, Mollis, Mühlehorn, Näfels, Niederurnen and Oberurnen merged into the new municipality of Glarus Nord


Riedern

Riedern was a municipality of the canton of Glarus in Switzerland. Since 1 January 2011, Riedern is part of the municipality of Glarus.


Rüti, Glarus

Rüti was a municipality, in the new municipality of Glarus Süd and canton of Glarus in Switzerland.


Schwanden, Glarus

Schwanden was a municipality, in the municipality of Glarus Süd and canton of Glarus in Switzerland. The lake Garichtisee can be reached by cable car.


Garichtisee

Garichtisee is a lake on Mettmenalp in the Canton of Glarus, Switzerland. It is above the municipality of Schwanden. The lake's area is . 


Appenzell Ausserrhoden

Appenzell Ausserrhoden is a canton of Switzerland. Appenzell Ausserrhoden is in the northeast of Switzerland, next to the cantons of St. Gallen and Appenzell Innerrhoden.

Settlement in Appenzell began in the 7th and the 8th century alongside the river Glatt. In 907 Herisau is mentioned for the first time, the canton (Appenzell: "abbatis cella") is named first in 1071.

The canton witnessed a number of battles, including the Battle of Vögelinsegg (1403) and the Battle at the Stoss (1405).

In 1513 Appenzell joined the Swiss confederation as the 13th canton. In 1597 the Protestant canton was divided for religious reasons from the former canton "Appenzell", with the Catholic Appenzell Innerrhoden being the other half.

From the 16th century onwards linen production was established little by little. Larger textile businesses established themselves, later diversifying into weaving and embroidery. The textile industry collapsed between 1920 and 1939.

In 1834 for the first time a constitution was adapted, undergoing reforms in 1876 and 1908. The construction of numerous railway lines between 1875 and 1913 helped the local industry and the population grew to a maximum of 57,973 people in 1910 (compared with 53,200 in 2001).

In 1934 Johannes Baumann was the first citizen from Appenzell Ausserrhoden to become a federal councilor. Women's right to vote was introduced in 1972 on a local level, but only in 1989 on a canton-wide level. In 1994 for the first time two women were elected into government. The open assembly ("Landsgemeinde") was abolished in 1997. The right of foreigners to vote is determined by each municipality.

The 20 municipalities are:


Appenzell District

Appenzell is a district of the canton of Appenzell Innerrhoden in Switzerland. The district of Appenzell contains part of the town "Appenzell", as well as Rinkenbach, Kau and Meistersrüte.


Corban, Switzerland

Corban was a municipality of the district of Delémont in the canton of Jura in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2018, the former municipality of Corban merged into the municipality of Val Terbi.

Courchapoix

Courchapoix is a municipality of the district of Delémont in the canton of Jura in Switzerland.


Courfaivre

Courfaivre was a municipality of the district of Delémont in the canton of Jura in Switzerland. On 1 January 2013, the former municipalities of Courfaivre, Bassecourt, Glovelier, Soulce and Undervelier merged into the new municipality of Haute-Sorne.


Electric eel

The electric eel, "Electrophorus electricus", is a species of fish. It can weigh up to six pounds. It can give electric shocks of up to six hundred fifty watts of electricity. The animal uses these shocks both for hunting and to defend itself. It lives in the stagnant muddy river bottoms of the Orinoco and the Amazon, and uses low-voltage electric fields to find its prey.

The electric eel is an apex predator in the parts of South America where it lives. This means it usually has no enemies except other animals of its own species. It can kill animals larger than itself. Its electric organs evolved from muscles, and make up four fifths of its body.

Despite its name, the electric eel is not an eel. It is a knifefish. It is an obligatory air breather (must breath air). This makes sense, because the muddy water is very low in oxygen, and it needs oxygen to power its electric organs.

Because they can shock, very few of these fish are kept as pets. But if the eel repeatedly shocks, its electric organs become completely discharged. Then a person can touch it without being shocked. 


Gymnotiformes

The Gymnotiformes is an order of teleosts which are electric fish. Common names are Neotropical knifefish or South American knifefish. They are mainly nocturnal freshwater fish. Their muscles create an electric field. 

Gymnotiformes are slender fish with narrow bodies and tapering tails. Their common name is "knifefish".

Perhaps the best-known species is the electric eel ("Electrophorus electricus") which uses powerful electric shocks (up to 600 V) for hunting and self-defense. 

There are several other species familiar in the aquarium trade: the black ghost knifefish ("Apteronotus albifrons"), the glass knifefish ("Eigenmannia virescens"), and the banded knifefish ("Gymnotus carapo").

Electric fish

An electric fish is a fish that can make electric fields. Many fish (sharks, rays, and catfish) can detect electric fields: they are 'electroreceptive'. They cannot make electric fields, and are not called electric fish. 

Electric fish have a special organ that makes electricity. This organ is called an electric organ. It is usually near the tail of the fish. It is made from specialised muscle or nerve cells. When the organ releases electricity this is called an "electric organ discharge" (or "EOD" for short).

Based on the strength of the EOD, the electrogenic fish are two types:


In total, there are 348 known species of electric fish, in about 56 genera. The only known species that lives in salt water are the electric rays, with 23 species.


Sergeant

Sergeant is a rank used in most militaries, police forces, and other uniformed organizations around the world. The word comes from the Latin "serviens", "one who serves", through the French term "Sergent".

A sergeant (Sgt) in the British Army wears three point-down chevrons, or "checks" on their sleeve. They usually serves as a platoon, troop, or group sergeant, or in a specialist position.

A Lance-Sergeant (LSgt) was originally a Corporal doing the work of a Sergeant. The job is now used mostly in the Guards, where it is given to all Corporals. A Lance-Sergeant in the Guards and Honourable Artillery Company wears three chevrons, and is considered senior or higher up to "normal" Corporals. For most purposes, he still remains a Corporal rather than an acting Sergeant (e.g., he will typically command a section). In the Household Cavalry, the same rank is Lance-Corporal of Horse.

The official spelling was Serjeant (Sjt) (still used by The Rifles) until after World War II, although the modern spelling had already been in common use for many years.

Gourgen Yanikian

Kourken Megerdich Yanigian (, December 24, 1895, Erzurum, Ottoman Armenia - March 27, 1984, USA) was an Armenian terrorist who killed two Turkish consular officials in California in 1973. His stated purpose was "to demand justice" for the Armenian Genocide.

Armenians hoped Yanigian's trial would provide a vehicle for proving the massacres in a court of law, while there were still surviving witnesses. Yanigian took the Armenian Genocide witness stand, accompanied by his friend and interpreter, Santa Barbaran Aram Saroyan, the uncle of famous author William Saroyan. Yanigian told of his 26 family members killed in the massacres, and how he watched in hiding as marauding Turks slit his brother's throat. Finally, he said that he killed the Turkish
diplomats as representatives of the "government that had massacred his people".

He was sentenced to life in prison in July 1973 and paroled in 1984, over the objection of the Turkish government.

After Yanigian's death, District Attorney David D. Minner wrote: "Looking back, I regret that I did not allow the genocide to
be proven. Not because Yanigian should have gone free, but because
history's darkest chapters - its genocides - should be exposed, so
their horrors are less likely to be repeated".





Campo Blenio

Campo Blenio was a municipality of the district of Blenio in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.

On 25 January 2005, the people in charge announced that Campo Blenio would merge with Aquila, Ghirone, Olivone and Torre to form a new municipality to be called Blenio. This union was carried through on 22 October 2006.


Campo, Vallemaggia

Campo is a municipality of the district of Vallemaggia in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.


Schwändi

Schwändi was a municipality, in the new municipality of Glarus Süd and canton of Glarus in Switzerland.


Sool, Switzerland

Sool was a municipality, in the new municipality of Glarus Süd and canton of Glarus in Switzerland.


Showa

Shōwa may mean:



DDR2 SDRAM

In information technologies we use the term DDR2 SDRAM for a Double Data Rate memory module of the second generation. This technology is used for high speed storage of the working data.

DDR2 was first made in 2001.

The main difference between DDR and DDR2 modules is that the bus on which the DDR2 memory modules are working is clocked at twice the speed of the memory cells. In practical terms we can say that four words of data can be transferred during one memory cell cycle. To sum it up DDR2 can effectively operate at twice the bus speed of DDR.
For use in PCs, DDR2 SDRAM is supplied in DIMMs with 240 pins and a single locating notch. DIMMs are identified by their peak transfer capacity (often called bandwidth).

Southbridge (computing)

Southbridge is also known as Input/Output Controller Hub. The microchip realizes lower functions of the motherboard in computer architecture with northbridge and southbridge. It's easy to distinguish southbridge and northbridge: the southbridge is not directly connected to the processor. Northbridge realizes connection between southbridge and processor.


Organic light-emitting diode

Organic light-emitting diode (OLED) is a type of light-emitting diode (LED). The part of the OLED that creates light is made of a very thin layer of organic compounds. The main use of OLED technology is for flat panel displays for smartphones and other mobile devices where they are in some ways better than LCDs. OLEDs can be used to make displays that can bend. These can be used in many different ways. For example, they can be used in clothing.

OLED provides high contrast of screen. It is characterized by low energy consumption (due to the absence of additional illumination).

LCDs are in some ways better than OLEDs and some ways worse. OLEDs can make more colors and levels of brightness than LEDs. Unlike LCDs their colors do not change when viewed at an angle. They are also much cheaper to make. OLEDs make light, so they do not need a light shining through from the back as LCDs do. This also makes black parts of the screen able to be fully turned "off" making them darker. LCDs also need to use filters to work properly. These filters block much of the light created by the LED/CCFL. Because of backlighting and filtering, OLEDs use far less power than LCDs for the amount of light made. OLEDs also react faster to changes in electricity. They turn on and off much faster than LCDs.

LEDs will last longer than OLEDs. This is the biggest problem with OLEDs. Currently most OLEDs used in displays will work for about 5,000 hours of use. LEDs normally work for 60,000 hours. This may change as experiments in 2007 created a type of OLED that worked for 198,000 hours. The organic compounds that make up OLEDs are also more easily damaged by water. 

OLED technology is currently patented by the Eastman Kodak company and several other companies. Because of this, a company must pay to be allowed to use it in their product.

There are several parts to an OLED:

The emissive and conductive layers are made of special organic molecules that conduct electricity. The anode and cathode connect the OLED to the source of electricity.

When electricity is applied to an OLED, the emissive layer becomes negatively charged and the conductive layer becomes positively charged. Electrostatic forces cause electrons to move from the positive conductive layer toward the negative emissive layer. This causes a change in the electrical levels and makes radiation that has a frequency in the range of visible light.

OLED, as with all diodes, can only work if electricity flows through them in the correct direction. The Anode, connected to the emmisive layer must be at a higher electrical potential (more volts, more "positive") than the cathode, connected to the conductive layer, for the OLED to work.

Karl Arnold

Karl Arnold (born 21 March 1901 in Herrlishöfen, died 29 June 1958 in Düsseldorf) was a German politician. He was Minister President of North Rhine-Westphalia from 1947 to 1956. 

After 1920 Arnold worked full-time basis for the Christian trade union movement. He became Secretary of the Düsseldorf District of the Christian trade union in 1924. 

In 1928 Arnold married Arnold Liesl Joeres. Their son Gottfried was born in 1933 and was a member of the German Bundestag between 1961 and 1983. 

Arnold was partner in a business in Düsseldorf in 1933. During the Third Reich the Gestapo watched and followed him. He was arrested after Count von Stauffenberg tried to assassinate (murder) Hitler on 20 July 1944. 

Arnold helped to found the industrial unions, today's DGB, with Hans Böckler in the Rhineland in 1945. 

He got permission from the American Army to publish the Rheinische Post (Rhenish Post) daily newspaper. His family still own part of the paper today.

He died of a heart attack on 29 June 1958, during the Landtag (state parliament) election campaign. 

Karl Arnold was buried in Düsseldorf's South Cemetery. 

Arnold joined the Centre party in 1920. 

After the World War II Arnold founded the of Düsseldorf Christian democratic party in 1945. Later this became a part of CDU. Arnold was the CDU's deputy federal chairman from 1956 until his death.

1925 to 1933 he was a member of the city council of Düsseldorf and acting chairman the of the Centre Party group. 

He was a member of the Landtag of North Rhine-Westphalia from 1946 until his death. Between 1947 and 1949 he was also a member of the parliament of the Bizone (which was the British and American occupation zones). 

In 1957 Arnold was elected to the Bundestag with 72.6% of the votes in the Gelsenkirchen-Erkelenz Jülich constituency . He was deputy chairman of the CDU/CSU parliamentary group. 

On 29 January 1946 Arnold was appointed mayor of Düsseldorf by the American Military Government. He was elected mayor in the first free elections on 26 October 1946. 

From December 1946 until 1956 he was Minister President of North Rhine Westphalia. 

From 7 September 1949 to 6 September 1950 he was the first President of the Bundesrat. 

This also mean that between 7 and 13 September 1949 he was Acting President of Germany, until Theodor Heuss was elected Federal President. 

Arnold lost a constructive vote of 'no confidence' on 20 February 1956. His successor (person who followed) as Minister President was Fritz Steinhoff. 

Arnold died one week before the next state elections, in 1958. He was only 57 years old.

Courrendlin

Courrendlin is a municipality in Delémont in the canton of Jura in Switzerland. On 1 January 2019, the former municipalities of Rebeuvelier and Vellerat merged into the municipality of Courrendlin.


Courroux

Courroux is a municipality in the district of Delémont in the canton of Jura in Switzerland.

It is three kilometers southeast of the city of Delémont. It is the third largest municipality in the canton of Jura by area.

279 Thule

279 Thule is a very big Main belt asteroid. It is classified as a D-type asteroid and is probably made of organic rich silicates, carbon and anhydrous silicates.

The orbit of Thule is unusual. It appears to orbit in the farthest edge of the Main belt in a 3:4 orbital resonance with planet Jupiter. Unlike the Hilda asteroids whose eccentricity is fairly common of main belt asteroids, Thule has a very low eccentricity - actually much lower than that of Jupiter itself and only a bit higher than that of Earth. Why it has this orbit is not clear, as is the reason for the absence of smaller bodies in similar 4:3 resonances with Jupiter.

Some astronomers have argued that Thule's present orbit is the natural result of the force of Jupiter on a body orbiting at exactly the distance from the Sun Thule does, in the same way (though with the reverse effect) as the Kirkwood gaps in the closer parts of the asteroid belt. It could be that the resonance which holds Thule in a very low-eccentricity orbit serves to eject other smaller bodies whose distance from the Sun is only a bit different from that of Thule itself.

It is the main member of the Thule dynamical group.

It was found by Johann Palisa on October 25, 1888 in Vienna and was named after the ultimate northern land of Thule.


Caucus

A caucus is a meeting of supporters or members of a political party or movement. Caucuses are slightly different in different countries.

In the United States, in some states, such as Iowa, political parties have a caucus to choose presidential nominees for their parties.

Joe Biden

Joseph Robinette Biden Jr. ( ; born November 20, 1942) is an American politician serving as the 46th president of the United States since 2021. Before becoming president, he was the 47th vice president under Barack Obama from 2009 to 2017 and a United States senator from Delaware from 1973 to 2009. Biden is a member of the Democratic Party.

Biden was also a member of New Castle County, Delaware from the 4th district from 1971 to 1973 and the Senate longer than any other president or vice president. 

He tried to become the Democratic candidate for president in 1988 and 2008 but dropped out of the race. During the 2008 election, then-Senator Barack Obama picked him to be his running mate. He is a Roman Catholic. Biden has received several awards. He has five honorary doctorates, including one from his alma mater and one from where he has taught law. He has also earned the "Best of Congress Award", an award from the Pakistani government, and the Presidential Medal of Freedom with distinction.

After finishing his second term as vice president, Biden began working at the University of Pennsylvania. On April 25, 2019, Biden launched his presidential campaign for the 2020 election. On April 8, 2020, Biden became the likely nominee for the Democratic nomination after Bernie Sanders ended his campaign. On November 7, he defeated former President Donald Trump and became the president-elect of the United States. He became president on January 20, 2021. He is the oldest person to become president and the first from the state of Delaware. He is also the second Catholic president to hold the office after John F. Kennedy. Scholars and historians rank Biden as average in a list of greatest and worst presidents.

Joseph Robinette Biden Jr. was born on November 20, 1942 at St. Mary's Keller Memorial Hospital in Scranton, Pennsylvania. His family were Irish Catholics. His father, Joe Sr., was a businessman. When he was young, his family moved to Wilmington, Delaware. He also began to stutter at an early age. In high school, Biden played football and baseball, but he was not a very good student. Biden attended college at the University of Delaware and Syracuse University. He did not have to fight in the Vietnam War because he was going to college and had asthma as a child.

For many years, Biden was a U.S. senator from Delaware. Biden was elected to the U.S. Senate in 1972 when he was 29 years old. His election was somewhat of a surprise. The other candidate, J. Caleb Boggs, had more experience and more money to spend on his campaign. He is one of the youngest people to become a U.S. Senator, because he was only two months older than the minimum age, 30, required to be one. (While he was 29 during the election, he turned 30 before he became a senator.)

Biden was re-elected to the Senate six times. He became a prominent defender of Israel as a senator, and said that if there was no country like Israel the U.S. would have to make one. Later in his time in the Senate, Biden served as chair of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee and the Senate Judiciary Committee. The Foreign Relations committee deals with American issues in other countries. When Biden was chair, the committee dealt with the 1991 Gulf War, the 2003 War in Iraq, and several treaties. The Judiciary Committee dealt with the choice of Clarence Thomas, Robert Bork, and others for the Supreme Court (SCOTUS). Biden thought that Thomas and Bork should not be on the Court. Though U.S. senators work in Washington, DC, Biden took the train home to Delaware every night.

Before becoming vice president, Biden was ranked one of the least wealthy members of the Senate, which he said was because he was young when elected to the Senate. In November 2009, Biden's net worth was $27,012.

Biden ran for president three times, in 1988, 2008 and 2020. The first time he was viewed as a good choice early on, but quit after it was discovered he gave a speech that was copied from Neil Kinnock, a British politician.
Biden tried again to get the Democratic Party's nomination in the 2008 presidential election. He ran mostly on foreign issues, especially getting U.S. troops out of Iraq. Many thought of him as a good choice for Secretary of State. He stopped his campaign on January 3, 2008 after he did not get many votes in the Iowa caucus. However, he later became Barack Obama's pick for vice president due to what he knew about Iraq and because the working class liked him.

When Biden was running for president, he criticized Obama, talking about his lack of experience, but later he supported Obama to become president. His opponent as vice president was Sarah Palin, who had less experience but was seen as more interesting by the media. Before the election, there were debates between the different candidates running for president or vice president. In the debate between Biden and Palin, many people believed that he knew more about running America than Palin did. 

On November 4, 2008, Obama and Biden defeated the McCain-Palin ticket in the general election, making him vice president-elect. They won the election by 365 electoral votes and 69 million votes, compared to incumbent McCain, who received 173 electoral votes and 59 million votes.

Biden became the 47th vice president of the United States on January 20, 2009. He was vice president until January 20, 2017. He is the first person from Delaware and first Roman Catholic to be vice president. Biden said that his vice-presidency would not be like any other. He said he would do things differently from Dick Cheney, who had been vice president before him. 

Biden's main role was as an advisor to Obama on issues of foreign policy and the economy. Obama asked for Biden's input on most major decisions, such as who to put in the Cabinet and how to fight the War in Afghanistan. Obama put Biden in charge of groups to deal with the problems of the working class, and to watch the money in his stimulus bill. Biden also traveled to the Middle East several times for Obama and the U.S. while Vice President. In 2011, Biden led talks on the budget and the debt. On November 6, 2012, Biden was re-elected for a second term as vice president along with President Barack Obama.

In August 2015, Biden said that he was thinking of running for president again in the 2016 U.S. election. Biden formed a PAC for his possible run. On October 21, speaking from a podium in the Rose Garden with his wife and President Obama by his side, Biden said he would not run for president in 2016.

Biden never had to break a tie vote in the United States Senate, making him the longest-serving vice president not to do this.

During a tour of the U.S. Senate with reporters before leaving office on December 5, 2016, Biden said that a presidential bid was possible in the 2020 presidential election, after leaving office as vice president. While on "The Late Show with Stephen Colbert" on December 7, he stated "never say never" about running for president in 2020, while also saying he did not expect he would run for office again. On January 13, 2017, exactly one week before Donald Trump took office. he said he would not run. However, four days later, on January 17, he took the statement back, saying "I'll run if I can walk."

Biden was mentioned by many news outlets as a potential candidate for the 2020 Democratic nomination. In March 2019, he said he may run.

He formally launched his campaign on April 25, 2019.

In April 2020, Biden became the only candidate in the primary making him the presumptive nominee for the nomination. At first, he lost the first three primary contests to Senator Bernie Sanders. After winning the South Carolina primary, he gained traction and won most of the Super Tuesday races.

Biden promised when elected he would protect "Roe v. Wade" decision, create a public option for health insurance, decriminalization of recreational cannabis, pass the Equality Act, create free community college, and a $1.7 trillion climate plan supporting the Green New Deal. He supports regulation instead of a complete ban on fracking.

In early 2020, Biden promised he would pick a woman as his running mate. He also promised that his first Supreme Court appointment would be a black woman. In August 2020, he picked California U.S. Senator Kamala Harris as his running mate.

On November 7, 2020, Biden defeated Trump in the general election, making him president-elect. He won the election by 306 electoral votes and 81 million votes, compared to incumbent Trump who received 232 electoral votes and 74 million votes.

Biden was elected the 46th president of the United States in November 2020, defeating the incumbent Donald Trump, the first president to lose re-election since George H. W. Bush in 1992.

He became the second non-incumbent vice president to be elected president, and the first Democrat to do so. He became the oldest president at the time of inauguration. He is the first president from Delaware.

At first, General Services Administrator Emily W. Murphy did not say Biden had won the 2020 election. On November 23, however, she recognized Biden as the winner of the 2020 election and authorized the start of a transition process to the Biden administration.

Biden was inaugurated shortly before noon on January 20, 2021 as the 46th president of the United States. At 78, he is the oldest person to become president. He is the second Catholic president (after John F. Kennedy) and the first president whose home state is Delaware. Biden is the first president since George H.W. Bush to hold both offices as president and vice president and the first president since Richard Nixon to hold them non-consecutively.

In his first two days as president, Biden signed 17 executive orders, more than most recent presidents did in their first 100 days. Biden signed more executive orders than any other president since Franklin D. Roosevelt had in their first month in office. His first actions were rejoining the Paris Climate Agreement, ending the state of national emergency at the border with Mexico, rejoining the World Health Organization, a 100-day mandatory face mask requirements on federal property and acts to stop hunger in the United States. His presidency has been focused around his Build Back Better Plan agenda.

On February 4, 2021, he announced that the United States will stop giving weapons to Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates for use in the Yemeni Civil War.

On March 11, 2021, the first anniversary of COVID-19 being declared a global pandemic by the World Health Organization, Biden signed into law the American Rescue Plan Act of 2021, a $1.9 trillion economic stimulus relief package. The package included direct payments to most Americans, an extension of increased unemployment benefits, funds for vaccine distribution and school reopenings, support for small businesses and state and local governments, and expansions of health insurance subsidies and the child tax credit. Biden tried to raise the minimum wage to $15 an hour, but removed it from the stimulus package after criticism from both parties.

In March 2021, when there was an increase in migrants coming to the United States from Mexico, Biden told migrants: "Don't come over." He said that the U.S. was arranging a plan for migrants to "apply for asylum in place", without leaving their original locations. In the meantime, migrant adults "are being sent back", Biden said, in reference to the continuation of the Trump administration's Title 42 policy for quick deportations. Biden earlier announced that his administration would not deport unaccompanied migrant children and told the Federal Emergency Management Agency to help take care of children separated at the border.

On March 23, 2021, all of his cabinet members were confirmed by the United States Senate. Biden is the first president since Ronald Reagan in 1981 to have all of his original Cabinet secretary nominees confirmed to their posts. Two days later, Biden announced that he would run for re-election in the 2024 election.

On April 22–23, Biden held an international climate summit at which he announced that the US would cut its greenhouse gas emissions by 50%–52% by 2030 compared to 2005 levels.

On April 28, 2021, Biden addressed the United States Congress in his State of the Union Address. Presiding over this joint session was the House Speaker, Nancy Pelosi, and the Vice President of the United States, Kamala Harris as President of the Senate ― the first time two women preside over an address to Congress.

On June 17, Biden signed the Juneteenth National Independence Day Act, which officially declared Juneteenth a federal holiday. Juneteenth is the first new federal holiday since Martin Luther King Jr. Day was declared a holiday in 1986.

In July 2021, when not many people were getting their COVID-19 vaccine and the spread of the SARS-CoV-2 Delta variant, Biden said that the country has "a pandemic for those who haven’t gotten the vaccination". He also criticized the increase of COVID-19 misinformation on social media, saying it was "killing people".

By early July 2021, most of the American troops in Afghanistan were leaving or had left. On August 15, during an offensive by the Taliban, the Afghan government collapsed. Biden reacted by ordering 6,000 American troops to help the evacuation of American personnel and Afghan allies. He has been criticized for the way he handled the withdrawal. He defended his decision to withdraw, saying that Americans should not be "dying in a war that Afghan forces are not willing to fight for themselves", since the "Afghan military collapsed [against the Taliban], sometimes without trying to fight".

In August 2021, the Biden administration pushed for an infrastructure bill that can reduce the greenhouse gas emissions of the United States by 45% by 2030. He would also support lowering taxes for people who invest in renewable energy and electric vehicles and would add a fee on methane emissions. The Senate passed a $1 trillion bipartisan infrastructure bill, while the House, also in a bipartisan manner, approved that bill in early November 2021, covering infrastructure related to transport, utilities, and broadband. Biden signed the bill into law in mid-November 2021.

In the start of 2022, Biden's approval ratings were low. He started speaking more in public. Early in the year, Biden supported ending the U.S. Senate filibuster rule to pass a voting rights act.

In January, Supreme Court Justice Stephen Breyer said he would retire from the Supreme Court. Breyer's retirement gave Biden his first chance to nominate a justice to the Supreme Court. Biden had promised to nominate the court's first black female justice. On February 25, Biden nominated D.C. Appeals Court Judge Ketanji Brown Jackson to replace Breyer. She was confirmed on April 7th.

On 24 February, Russian President Vladimir Putin announced the Russian invasion of Ukraine. In response, Biden announced economic sanctions on Russia and Putin.

During 2022, gasoline and other prices rose. Some people blamed Biden's American Rescue Plan for this inflation. Opponents of Biden used "I Did That!" stickers, showed Biden pointing to that phrase, to criticize Biden for high gas prices. In May 2022, there was a nationwide shortage of infant formula. 

Biden tested positive for COVID-19 on July 21, 2022. Five days later, he left isolation after testing negative. However, on July 30, he tested positive again and went back to isolation.

On August 1, 2022, Biden announced the death of Al-Qaeda Emir Ayman al-Zawahiri in a U.S.-conducted airstrike that he approved.

On September 2, 2022, in a nationally televised Philadelphia speech, Biden said that Americans are in a "battle for the soul of the nation." He called active Trump supporters "semi-fascists," which Republican commentators criticized.

Republicans were expected to win the 2022 midterm elections. Many commentators thought they would win a large majority in the U.S. House. Some thought the GOP might win the U.S. Senate. However this did not happen. Republicans won a small majority in the U.S. House of Representatives with 222 seats. Democrats kept control of the U.S. Senate, with 51 seats. They actually gained one Senate seat.

It was the first midterm election since 1934 in which the president's party lost no state legislative chambers. Democrats thanked Biden for their unexpectedly good performance in elections, and he celebrated the results as a strong day for democracy.

On November 2, 2022, while packing files at the Penn Biden Center, Biden's lawyers found classified documents "locked closet". These documents were from when he was Vice President. According to the White House, the documents were reported that day to the U.S. National Archives. On December 20, a second set of classified documents was discovered in the garage of Biden's Wilmington, Delaware home. In January 2023, these discoveries were announced publicly. On January 12, Attorney General Merrick Garland created a special counsel to investigate. On January 20, after a 13-hour search by FBI investigators, six more items marked classified were taken from Biden's Wilmington home.

On February 20, 2023, four days before the one-year anniversary of the start of Russia's invasion of Ukraine, Biden visited Kyiv and met with President Volodymyr Zelenskyy and First Lady Olena Zelenska. While there, Biden promised more military aid to Ukraine and criticized Vladimir Putin. The trip was unannounced and many people were surprised. Biden became the first sitting U.S. President to go to an active war zone not controlled by the American military since 1864. The last time was Abraham Lincoln during the Civil War.

On April 25, 2023, Biden announced his re-election campaign for the 2024 presidential election.

On September 12, 2023, U.S. House Speaker Kevin McCarthy announced an impeachment inquiry into Biden, alleging corruption and illegal business activities surrounding Hunter Biden.

In October 2023, Biden announced support for Israel in its war against Hamas.

On December 13, 2023, the House of Representatives voted 221–212 to formalize an impeachment inquiry against Biden related to the business dealings of his son, Hunter.

There have been many photographs of Biden hugging, kissing, and touching women and/or children in what commentators said to be inappropriate. Biden has said that the behavior had got him in trouble in the past.

In March 2019, former Nevada assemblywoman Lucy Flores said that Biden kissed her without consent at a 2014 campaign rally in Las Vegas. Flores wrote that Biden walked up behind her, put his hands on her shoulders, smelled her hair, and kissed the back of her head. In an interview with "HuffPost", Flores stated she believed Biden's behavior should force him not to run in 2020. By early April 2019, a total of seven women had made such allegations regarding Biden.

In April 2019, former Biden staffer Tara Reade said that she had felt uncomfortable many times when Biden touched her on her shoulder and neck while working in his Senate office in 1993. In March 2020, Reade said Biden had pushed her against a wall and penetrated her while on Capitol Hill in 1993. Biden denied the allegations.

While in college, he married his first wife, Nelia Hunter. They had three children: two sons (Beau and Robert) and a daughter (Naomi). After college, he became a lawyer and served on a County Council. In 1972, Biden's family got into a car accident. Nelia and Naomi were killed, and Beau and Robert were hurt very badly. Both survived the accident. Beau was the Attorney General in Delaware until January 2015 and served as a soldier in Iraq. Beau died from brain cancer on May 30, 2015 in Bethesda, Maryland at the age of 46. Biden thought of resigning as vice president because of his son's death.

Biden married his second wife, Jill Jacobs Biden, in 1977. She is a teacher and the former second lady of the United States. In 1981, they had a daughter, Ashley, who is now a social worker. In 1988, Biden suffered from bleeding in his brain and needed brain surgery twice. Because of what he saw in his family and neighborhood, Biden does not drink alcohol.

Biden lives just outside of Wilmington, Delaware and often goes there on the weekends since becoming president. , the Bidens were worth $9 million, mainly because of Biden's book sales and speaking fees after his vice presidency.

In February 1988, Biden had surgery to help heal a brain aneurysm. While recuperating, he had a pulmonary embolism and recovered a few months later. In November 2020, while playing with his two dogs Champ and Major, he suffered a stress fracture in his foot and was hospitalized. In July 2022, it was revealed that Biden had some "non-melanoma skin cancers" removed before he became president. That same month, he was diagnosed with COVID-19.

Biden has received honorary degrees from the University of Scranton (1976), Saint Joseph's University (1981), Widener University School of Law (2000), Emerson College (2003), his alma mater the University of Delaware (2004), Suffolk University Law School (2005), and his other alma mater Syracuse University (2009).

Biden got the Chancellor Medal from his alma mater, Syracuse University, in 1980. In 2005, he got the George Arents Pioneer Medal—Syracuse's highest alumni award—"for excellence in public affairs."

In 2008, Biden got the Best of Congress Award, for "improving the American quality of life through family-friendly work policies," from "Working Mother" magazine. Also in 2008, Biden shared with fellow Senator Richard Lugar the Hilal-i-Pakistan award from the Government of Pakistan, "in recognition of their consistent support for Pakistan." In 2009, Biden got The Golden Medal of Freedom award from Kosovo, that region's highest award, for his vocal support for their independence in the late 1990s.

Biden is an member of the Delaware Volunteer Firemen's Association Hall of Fame.

In 2017, during his final days as president, Barack Obama awarded Biden the Presidential Medal of Freedom with distinction.

In 2020, Biden and his Vice President Kamala Harris were named Time Person of the Year.



Postal codes in Switzerland

The postal codes of Swiss cantons:

Courtételle

Courtételle is a municipality of the district of Delémont in the canton of Jura in Switzerland.


Delémont

Delémont (German: "Delsberg") is the capital of the Swiss canton of Jura. The city has about 12,000 people there since 2004.


Mr. Men

Mr. Men is a series of 52 children's books by Roger Hargreaves started in 1971. "Little Miss" was another series of 39 books by the same author with female characters that started in 1981. After Hargreaves died in 1988, his son, Adam Hargreaves, began writing and illustrating new stories about the "Mr. Men" and "Little Miss" characters. He created ten new characters; four of them were inspired by work Roger Hargreaves had produced before his death.



Mélodie

Mélodie is the French word for “melody”. The word is used in music to mean songs written by French composers of classical music from the mid-19th century to the present. The "mélodie" in French music is similar to the "Lied" in German music. ""Mélodie"" is not the same as "chanson" (the French word for “song”). The word ""chanson"" is used for folksongs or popular songs.

In Germany composers of classical music had been writing great songs from about 1800, but in France the "mélodie" became important about 50 years later. While some German "Lieder" were based on folksong, the texts of the "mélodie"s were usually poems by serious poets. 

Hector Berlioz was the first composer to call some of his compositions "mélodie"s. His "Les Nuits d'Été" (1841) is one of the greatest of all song cycles. Charles Gounod wrote about 200 "mélodie"s. He used texts by famous poets such as Hugo.

Gabriel Fauré wrote more than 100 "mélodie"s, many based on poems by Verlaine.

Henri Duparc wrote seventeen "mélodie"s. These are what he is known for.

Claude Debussy and Maurice Ravel were very famous composers who wrote a lot of music, including "mélodie"s that are often sung today. Ravel’s melodies are unusual because they are often based on folksong. Other composers of "mélodie" at the time include Albert Roussel, Reynaldo Hahn and André Caplet.

"Mélodie"s continue to be composed today, though perhaps the last really popular composer of them was Francis Poulenc, who died in 1963.

In the French "mélodie" the poet’s feelings are often suggested or hinted at rather than stated in an obvious way. There is a very close relationship between the text (words) and the melody. To sing "mélodie" really well a singer must know the French language very well and understand a lot about French poetry. The rules about singing in the French language can be quite complicated. It is important to know when to let the last sound of a word run into the next word (elision). Several books have been written about this.

Although many famous singers are well known for singing French "mélodie", the most famous singer from the past was Pierre Bernac. He gave many song recitals with the composer Francis Poulenc who accompanied him on the piano. He wrote a book on how to sing "mélodie"s.

Stage6

Stage6 was a video sharing website. It was similar to other websites like YouTube because it let users upload, view, and share video clips. Unlike many other video sharing sites, Stage6 allowed users to upload better quality videos and very large file sizes. There are few upload limitations, and visitors could download videos easily through the website.

Stage6 was a video sharing community, where users could upload and share their video clips and stream them in high quality because the video clips were -encoded with DivX and Xvid video codecs. 

Unfortunately the website never got a chance to go grow beyond beta status and was shut down by DivX Inc. On February 29, 2008 because DivX was unable to support Stage6. 

On June 2008, CNET had stated that Stage6 was one of the greatest defunct websites in history. 

Stage6 was first launched in 2006 by DivX Ink and in public beta, Stage6 was a similar webpage like Youtube which had allowed its users to stream and upload videos, for those customers that had registered. 

On July 24, 2007 DivX had stated that they were pursuing to separate from Stage6, and become a single company away from DivX Inc. The Co-Founder and Executive Chairman Jordan Greenhall would be changing from his current role as CEO to manage the separating Stage6. 

It was successful, and was estimated to be done by 2007. By January 2008, Stage6 had a total of 10.7 million views. 

On February 25, 2008, DivX announced that they would shut down Stage6 on February 28, 2008, stating that they were unable to continue to provide the attention and resources required for its continued operation. 

A day later than stated, Stage6 ceased to operate, directing users to a Veoh welcome page designed specifically for the purpose of receiving the Stage6 community. 



Video sharing

Video sharing is when one person shares a video clip with another or many other people. This is usually done over the Internet. There are many websites that offer video sharing. Many people use these sites to share videos they have made with their family and friends. But, sharing videos which are copyrighted, like television programs, without permission from those who own them might be illegal.


Angus Young

Angus McKinnon Young (born 31 March 1955) is a Scottish-born Australian guitarist and songwriter. He is one of the founders of the Australian hard rock band AC/DC. He is known for his style of playing the guitar, his very active performance while on stage, and schoolboy-uniform clothing. He was ranked 96th on "Rolling Stone"<nowiki>'</nowiki>s list "The 100 Greatest Guitarists of All Time". Young uses Gibson SG guitars often but he also owns Fender Telecasters, Firebirds and ES-335s. In 2003, he became a member of the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame along with other members of AC/DC.

His brothers are Malcolm and George Young.

Calvin Harris

Calvin Harris (born Adam Richard Wiles, 17 January 1984) is a Scottish singer, songwriter, DJ, and record producer. He was born to English parents. He grew up in Dumfries, Scotland. Calvin Harris was paid more than any other DJ in 2013.

Calvin Harris signed record contracts with EMI (publishing) and Sony BMG (recording) in 2006, after his music was found on the social networking website, MySpace. 

His first album "I Created Disco" was released on 18 June 2007. The album contained uptempo electronic sounding songs that were influenced by music from the 1980s. To promote "I Created Disco", Calvin Harris left to go on a tour of the UK, supporting Faithless and Groove Armada. "I Created Disco" featured the single "Acceptable in the 80s", a tribute to the style and culture of the decade. The song reached the top ten on the UK singles chart, remaining on the chart for fifteen weeks. "The Girls" was the album's second charted single. Harris' second single reached number three in the UK Singles Chart. Another single from the album was "Merrymaking at My Place"; however, it only reached #43 in the UK chart.

On 23 January 2009, Pete Tong played Harris' single "I'm Not Alone" on BBC Radio 1. 

"Ready for the Weekend", Calvin Harris' second album, was released 14 August 2009. It went straight to number one in the UK Albums Chart.

In September 2011, Barbadian recording artist Rihanna released the single "We Found Love" for her sixth studio album, "Talk That Talk". The song was written and produced by Harris. The song was a worldwide success, topping record charts around the world, including those in Canada, the UK, and the US. It was named the 25th best-performing song of all time by "Billboard". 

In 2012, Calvin Harris released his third album "18 Months". Eight singles were released from it. They included "We Found Love", "Bounce" with American R&B singer Kelis, and "I Need Your Love" with English singer-songwriter Ellie Goulding.

In 2013, Calvin Harris' album "18 Months" was nominated for Best Dance/Electronica Album at the 2014 Grammy Awards.

Calvin Harris released the single "Summer" in 2014. This was followed by the album "Motion" which featured the song "Outside" with Ellie Goulding.

He released the single "How Deep Is Your Love" in 2015 with the band Disciples. In 2016, he released the single "This Is What You Came For" with Barbadian recording artist Rihanna.

In 2017, he released the album "Funk Wav Bounces Vol. 1". It featured six singles, including the song "Feels" featuring Pharrell, Katy Perry, and Big Sean, which reached number one in the UK. In 2018, Harris released "One Kiss" with British singer Dua Lipa, which also reached number one in the UK.

In 2007, Calvin Harris also recorded with Australian entertainer Kylie Minogue. He had caught Minogue's attention after his recordings had been passed on to her by another record producer. Calvin Harris says that working with her was "surreal, but fun" although revealed to Mixmag in 2007 to "needing a few drinks before meeting her." It has been confirmed that Harris has co-written and produced two songs on the forthcoming "Kylie" album, "In My Arms" and "Heart Beat Rock".

Calvin Harris began dating British singer Rita Ora in 2013. The two ended their relationship in June 2014. He was in a relationship with Taylor Swift from March 2015 until June 2016.

On 20 May 2016, Calvin Harris was hospitalized after being involved in a car accident. He was a passenger in a Cadillac sport utility vehicle that was hit by a Volkswagen Beetle. Calvin Harris was treated for a cut on the nose and later was released. Two of his DJ sets had to be canceled.


Nashville Sounds

The Nashville Sounds are a Minor League Baseball team from Nashville, Tennessee. They play baseball at the Triple-A (AAA) level, the most difficult level before Major League Baseball, against other baseball teams in the International League (a group of 20 baseball teams at the same level). The Sounds are partnered with the Milwaukee Brewers, a Major League Baseball team. When a player shows that he plays well at this level, he may be moved up to play for the Brewers.

The team is named "Sounds" because Nashville, the city where the team plays, is famous for making country music.

The Sounds played at a stadium called Herschel Greer Stadium from 1978 to 2014. In 2015, the Sounds began to play at a new stadium called First Horizon Park.

The Sounds started playing baseball in 1978 in the Southern League, which is at the Double-A (AA) level, two levels before Major League Baseball. They were partnered with the Cincinnati Reds (1978–1979) and New York Yankees (1980–1984). The Sounds won the championship of the Southern League in 1979 and 1982.

In 1985, the Sounds began to play at the Triple-A level in a league called the American Association. While playing in this league, they were partnered with the Detroit Tigers (1985–1986), Cincinnati Reds (1987–1992), and Chicago White Sox (1993–1997).

The American Association ended after the 1997 season, so the Sounds started playing in the Pacific Coast League in 1998. They were partners with the Pittsburgh Pirates (1998–2004), Milwaukee Brewers (2005–2014), Oakland Athletics (2015–2018), and Texas Rangers (2019–2020). The Sounds won the championship of the Pacific Coast League in 2005.

Major League Baseball reorganized Minor League Baseball before the 2021 season. The Pacific Coast League was ended, and the Sounds began playing in the Triple-A East in 2021. They also became partners with the Milwaukee Brewers. The Triple-A East had its name changed to the International League in 2022.

The Sounds' first ballpark was Herschel Greer Stadium. They played baseball games there from 1978 to 2014. There were many changes to the ballpark after it was completed in 1978. It had seats for 10,300 spectators. Its best known feature was its giant 115.6 foot (35.2 m) scoreboard which was behind the left field wall and shaped like a guitar. After the construction of new and luxurious minor league ballparks in the 1990s, Greer had fallen below standards set for Triple-A stadiums by professional baseball. Therefore, there were several repairs and upgrades made to meet Triple-A standards until a new stadium could be built. Greer Stadium was demolished in 2019.

In 2014, the Sounds and the city of Nashville agreed on a plan to build a new baseball stadium for the team. The Sounds began playing baseball at the new stadium, called First Horizon Park, in 2015. It has space for 10,000 spectators. There are 8,500 seats, and there is a spot of grass where 1,500 others can sit. It also has a guitar-shaped scoreboard.


SuperDisk

LS-120 or SuperDisk is a high-speed, high-capacity alternative to the 90 mm (3.5 in), 1.44 MB floppy disk. It is called High density media. The main advantage when compared to FDD and ZD is the possibility to use the united mechanism for these special diskettes even for FDD and ZD. This SuperDisk was introduced by Iomega in 1995 as ZD. But the SuperDisks were not expanded because of slowness and unreliability in comparison with ZD.

SuperDisk 120MB Diskettes may still be available in the marketplace, however are no longer warranted. We do not have information about where these products can be purchased.

Once a drive fails, it may be impossible or expensive to get data off the diskettes.

SuperDisk diskettes are etched with a servo pattern at the factory. This pattern is then read by the SuperDisk drive to precisely align the read/write head. The result is that a SuperDisk diskette can have 2,490 tracks, as opposed to the 160 tracks that conventional 3.5-inch 1.44 MB diskettes use. 

Unlike other removable disk storage solutions, such as the Zip drive, SuperDisk is backward compatible with older diskettes. This means that the same SuperDisk drive can be used to read and write to older 1.44 MB diskettes as well as the new 120 MB SuperDisk diskettes. 

Here are some current data storage and backup technologies that Imation supplies for a variety of customer needs. A combination of backup media may be the best course; for instance, backing up currently used files to Flash Drives or Micro Drives, and keeping seldom used files on DVD or CD.that snapbacks are back.

Good Hair Day

Good Hair Day (also called ghd) is an English hair styling company. It is the UK's leading maker of hair irons and hair products.

Good Hair Day is owned by Jemella Group. The company was started in 2001 by Martin Penny, Gary Douglas and Robert Powls. In 2007, after being sold to Lloyds Development Capital, Jemella was re-sold 11 months later to Montagu Private Equity group for ₤160 million.

The brand has received endorsements from celebrities, such as Madonna, Gwyneth Paltrow, and Victoria Beckham. Because of this, Martin Penny won the North Region Consumer Products Entrepreneur of the Year in 2005 for the product, and Consumer Products Entrepreneur Of The Year. The product has been involved with many fashion shows, such as New York Fashion Week, Alice McCall, and Willow Lingerie, and also sponsored the 2004 season of reality TV program The Salon.



Wells Gray-Clearwater Volcanic Field

The Wells Gray-Clearwater Volcanic Field is a volcanic field in east-central British Columbia, Canada.

Blake River Megacaldera Complex

The Blake River Megacaldera Complex is a giant caldera cluster that spans across the Ontario-Quebec border in Canada. It is considered to be a supervolcano because of its great size (3,000 km) and its numerous dikes and vents. The cluster is about 2700 million year old. 


2014

2014 (twenty fourteen) (MMXIV) was .





















Mike Reiss

Mike Reiss (born September 15, 1959 in Bristol, Connecticut) is an American television comedy writer. He went to Harvard University. He was co-president with Jon Vitti of the Harvard Lampoon. He has frequently collaborated with his writing partner Al Jean as a writer for "The Tonight Show with Johnny Carson", and writers/producers for many episodes of "The Simpsons". The duo created and executive produced "The Critic" and "Teen Angel", which was cancelled in its first season. Reiss independently produced a short internet cartoon series entitled "Queer Duck" for Icebox.com. In 2002, the series was picked up by Showtime, where it aired as a supporting feature to "Queer as Folk". "Queer Duck: the Movie" was released on DVD July 18, 2006. The feature film reunites the Queer Duck cast. As a professional speaker, Reiss has lectured on comedy and the Simpsons at colleges. He has published six children's books, including "How Murray Saved Christmas". He also won an Edgar Award for his mystery story "Cro-Magnon PI".


Al Jean

Al Jean (born January 9, 1961 in Farmington Hills, Michigan) is an American television comedy writer best known for his work on "The Simpsons". He has been showrunning (managing) "The Simpsons" since season 13.


Sam Simon

Sam Simon (June 6, 1954 - March 8, 2015) was an American television producer and writer, most notable as one of the original developers of "The Simpsons", along with Matt Groening and James L. Brooks. He is perhaps best known for his creation of many "Simpsons" characters.

In late 2012, Simon was diagnosed with terminal colorectal cancer which later metastasized in his other organs, including his liver and kidneys. Simon died in his Los Angeles home from complications from the disease on March 8, 2015.


William H. Macy

William Hall Macy (born March 13, 1950) is an Emmy Award-winning and Academy Award-nominated American Actor. He was in the movie "Fargo". He is also a teacher and director in theatre, movie and television. He is now known for his award-winning role as Frank Gallagher in the television series "Shameless".

Macy and actress Felicity Huffman dated on-and-off for 15 years and married on September 6, 1997. They have two children, daughters, Sophia Grace (born December 1, 2000) and Georgia Grace (born March 14, 2002).


Rowan Williams

Rowan Douglas Williams, Baron Williams of Oystermouth, DD, PC, FBA (born 14 June 1950) was the 104th Archbishop of Canterbury from 2002 until 2012. In this role he was the most senior bishop in the Church of England and the symbolic head of the worldwide Anglican Communion. Williams is a distinguished theologian and poet. He is the current Master of Magdalene College, Cambridge. He is married and has a daughter and son.

Williams was ordained as a priest in 1978, and was consecreated as a bishop in 1992. He served as Bishop of Monmouth from 1991. He held the office of Archbishop of Wales from 2000 until his election as Archbishop of Canterbury.

Following his retirement as archbishop, he was created a life peer as "Baron Williams of Oystermouth".


Kate Nash

Kate Marie Nash (born 6 July 1987) is a British singer and songwriter and actress.

Nash was born in Brent. She grew up in Harrow, North West London. Her father is English; her mother is Irish. She first became interested in music during her childhood when she learned how to play the piano.

Nash's début single was a double-A side single (recorded in Iceland), released through independent record label Moshi Moshi Records in February 2007. Only 1000 copies were released, and it was on available on 7" vinyl. Because the single was so popular, 1000 additional copies of the single were made and sold out extremely fast. The A-side was called "Caroline's a Victim", an electronic sounding song about Kate Nash's friend Caroline. A video for the song was released and received a lot of airplay on the music television channel, MTV2. The video was directed by Kinga Burza and it featured Nash playing different instruments at the same time that her friend "Caroline" sits in her room playing music, taking photographs, trying on different clothes, listening to David Bowie, putting on makeup and sitting at her computer checking a website.

The B-side to the single was "Birds", it is an acoustic song that tells the story of a boy's clumsy attempts to try and explain to his girlfriend how he feels about her, all the while the girl does not know what her boyfriend is talking about.

In March 2007, Nash was signed to Fiction Records.

In April 2007, Nash and other up-coming London acts were mocked through a nasty imitation of Nash's song, "Caroline's a Victim" entitled "LDN Is A Victim." The song mocked Nash and Lily Allen, among others, for singing in a Cockney accent, despite their privileged backgrounds.

Her second single named "Foundations", was released on 25 June 2007 and reached number two in the UK Singles Chart.

Following the success of "Foundations", Fiction Records announced plans to release Nash's album earlier than expected, on 6 August 2007. The album, which was named "Made of Bricks", included many of the tracks which Kate Nash had been performing on her two nationwide tours. On her tours Kate Nash was supported by a British duet, called Peggy Sue & The Pirates. The album received mixed reviews, The Independent describing it as being in "pole position for worst album of the year.". "Made of Bricks" reached the UK Number 1.

In June 2007 Nash performed at many summer music festvals, including O Wireless Festival, the Bestival, Electric Gardens, Glastonbury Festival and the Latitude Festival, she also played at the Reading and Leeds Festivals, Oxegen and T in the Park. She made her first official television performance on "Later with Jools Holland", also appearing on other TV shows, "Popworld", "The Friday Night Project", GMTV and "This Morning" during 2007.

On 4 March 2013 she released her third album "Girl Talk". She released it on her own record label 10p Records. It was not as successful as her first two albums and reached No.85 in the UK Albums Chart.

She was featured on the Top of the Pops Christmas special on 25 December 2007. She performed her single, Foundations.

Nash features on rapper Kano's album which is called "London Town", in a song titled "Me & My Microphone". She is also featured in the song "Look What You've Done" from Lethal Bizzle's latest albumwhich is named, "Back To Bizznizz".

She stated in an interview with NME that she was writing a series of short stories influenced by Roald Dahl, including one based around a seven-foot transvestite named Roy, and would like to release a collection. Nash would probably release her books under a false name.

Single person

A person is called single if he or she is not married, not in a civil union, and not in a sexual or romantic relationship. In a more general sense, the word also means that person currently has no exclusive partner, like a boyfriend or girlfriend. Such people can be classified into different types:

In English, male singles used to be called "bachelors", female singles used to be called "spinsters" (or "bachelorettes", more recently). In general, the word "single" is used more often now, because it also does not make a difference between the two sexes. 

Catfish

Catfish are an order of teleost fish, the Siluriformes. There are about 40 families in the order.

They are called catfish because their barbels look like the whiskers of a cat. They are very diverse. The heaviest is the Mekong giant catfish, up to 350 kg (770 lb). The longest is the wels catfish, up to 4 m (13 ft). There are also detrivores in the group. There are some tiny parasitic catfish called candiru. Some catfish are grown for food, in fish farms. Some catfish can be kept in aquaria.

Most catfish do not harm people, but some of them can cause problems. It is said that the candiru can enter the human urethra, where they stay as parasites. In normal life they are parasites on fish gills.

The Malapteruridae are a family of electric catfish. Several species of the family can produce an electric shock of up to 350 volts using electroplaques of an electric organ.

The wels catfish ("Silurus glanis") is a large catfish.

"Corydoras" is a genus of popular aquarium fishes.

The widemouth blindcat ("Satan eurystomus") is another species of catfish.

Madtoms are catfish comprising the genus "Noturus".

The channel catfish ("Ictalurus punctatus") is a North American freshwater catfish.

Species of the genus "Ictalurus" have been introduced into European waters in the hope of obtaining a sporting and food resource. Walking catfish have also been introduced in the freshwater areas of Florida.


Adam's apple

The Adam's apple is a feature of the human neck. The medical name in English for it is the laryngeal prominence. This lump is formed by the angle of the thyroid cartilage ("a type of soft bone") around the larynx (part of the throat which holds the vocal chords).

The Adam's apple can usually be seen better in adult men than in women, girls, or boys. The Adam's apple is only part of the thyroid cartilage around the larynx. A large Adam's apple is commonly seen as a male secondary sex characteristic, although not all males have it and quite a few women have one too.

It is called "Adam's apple" as a reference to the forbidden fruit, which according to a traditional Jewish belief, got stuck in Adam's throat. Different languages use the same term, for instance "Adamsappel" (Dutch), "pomme d'Adam" (French) and "Adamsapfel" (German). Until the 19th century, the medical term was also generally "Pomum Adami". When the Basle Nomina Anatomica was introduced in 1895, it became "Prominentia laryngea".

Adam's apple (disambiguation)

An Adam's apple is a structure in the front of the throat more prominent in men than women.

Adam's apple can also mean:



Forbidden fruit

The words forbidden fruit stand as a metaphor (an image). The metaphor comes from the book of Genesis in the Bible. There Adam and Eve are thrown out of Paradise because they eat from the tree of knowledge.

The fruit has commonly been represented as an apple due to wordplay of the Latin word for apple, "malus", which can mean both "evil" and "apple". The Bible does not specify a fruit, but locates it as being at the very center of The Garden of Eden. In Judaism the fruit is believed to be either a grape, a fig, a citron or wheat. Most scholars say that the type of fruit is not forbidden, it was just the fruits of that particular tree that were. 

In general, the term can also refer to something illegal or immoral to do. It might also be dangerous. Many times this is about sex outside of marriage.


Real Sociedad

Real Sociedad de Fútbol is a Spanish football team. The team is in Donostia-San Sebastián in the Spanish province of Guipuzcoa. It was created in 1909. In the 2006/07 season, the team was in La Liga. After 40 years in this division, in the season 2007/08 Real Sociedad plays in Segunda División. The colors of the team are blue and white. 


Anoeta Stadium is the stadium of Real Sociedad. Anoeta has a capacity of 32 000. Anoeta Stadium was opened in 1993. 


Richard Mentor Johnson

Richard Mentor Johnson (October 17, 1780 – November 19, 1850) was the ninth vice president of the United States, serving with President Martin Van Buren. A resident of Kentucky, Johnson served as a U.S. representative and senator from Kentucky, and in the Kentucky House of Representatives.

Johnson started his career as a lawyer representing many people for free. He was elected to the United States House of Representatives in 1806. During the War of 1812, Johnson led troops against the British.

Johnson later served in the Senate before being chosen as vice president. Johnson was elected by the Senate and not through the normal election because he did not have enough electors to win. This happened because Johnson lived with a slave named Julia Chinn, had two children with her, and treated her like his wife.

Johnson was not chosen to run with Van Buren in 1840. Johnson served in the Kentucky House of Representatives again as well as ran for a Senate seat again. In 1850 he was elected to the United States House of Representatives again but died two weeks into his term on November 19, 1850.

Allemande

An allemande () is a dance that was popular in Baroque music of the 17th and early 18th centuries. The word comes from the French word for "German".

Composers of the Baroque period often wrote a group of dances called a suite. There was usually an allemande, a courante, a sarabande and a gigue, in that order. Sometimes there were one or two other dances as well. Sometimes a suite started with a prelude (an introductory movement) before the allemande.

The allemande was played at a moderate speed - not very fast, nor very slow. There were usually 4 beats in a bar (4/4 time) but also sometimes in 2/2 time, and it started with an anacrusis (an upbeat, i.e. one, or possibly a small group of notes which were not on the first beat of a bar).

Illegal drug trade

The illegal drug trade or drug trafficking is a global black market and includes the growing, making, distribution, and sale of illegal drugs. While some drugs are legal to possess and sell, in most areas laws do not allow the trade of some drugs.

Trade in drugs includes many which, correctly used, have a medical function.

Those drugs often include heroin, cocaine, marijuana or others. Drug traffickers may be punished with time in prison for several years. In some countries, the crime carries the death penalty.

Several countries use the death penalty to punish people for drug trafficking.



Mortadella di Bologna

Mortadella di Bologna is an Italian kind of sausage. It is made of ground pork meat. Salt, pepper, sugar as well as small cubes of pork fat are added. It is then made into big sausages. It is then cooked in special ovens at 90°C (194° Fahrenheit). Some kinds of Mortadella have other spices in them. 

As a Protected Geographical Status food, Mortadella di Bologna must come from the Bologna province.

Mortadella is also produced and consumed in other countries. It is very popular in Spain, and Portugal. 

Many Italians emigrated to South America in the early 20th cenury. For this reason, Mortadella is also very popular in Argentina, Bolivia, Peru, Brazil, Ecuador, Chile, Colombia, Uruguay and Venezuela. In these countries it is spelled <nowiki>"mortadela"</nowiki>, and its recipe is quite similar to the traditional Italian, with additional pepper grains.

Courante

A courante () is a dance that was popular in Baroque music in the 17th and early 18th centuries. The word comes from the French word for to "run".

The courante was a fast, running dance with 3 beats in a bar (the time signature was often 3/2, although sometimes it was 3/4). During the 17th century the French courante started to become slower than the Italian corrente, and it often had more counterpoint (imitating parts). However, this was not a strict rule, and the courantes that Bach wrote were both Italian and French in style, and sometimes he called them "courante" and sometimes "corrente".

Composers of the Baroque period often composed a group of several dances. This was called a suite. There was usually an allemande, then the courante was the second dance, followed by a sarabande and a gigue and sometimes one or two other dances or as well.

Sarabande

A sarabande (spelt sarabanda in Italian), is a dance that was popular in Baroque music in the 17th and early 18th centuries.

Composers of the Baroque period often composed a group of several dances. This was called a suite. There was usually an Allemande, a Courante, a Sarabande and a Gigue, in that order, and sometimes two Bourrées as well.

The sarabande was a slow, stately dance with 3 beats in a bar (3/4 time or Simple Triple). There was always a small stress (Tenuto) on the second beat of the bar. The note on the first beat would often be played quite short so that the second beat would feel heavy. Like the other dance movements in the suite, the Sarabande was in Binary form.

The sarabande seems to have come from Central America where it was known as "zarabanda". Although it was mainly used in the Baroque Period, composers in the 20th Century such as Debussy, Satie, Howells and Britten sometimes wrote Sarabandes.

Perhaps the most famous Sarabande is one written by an unknown composer. The piece is called "La folie espagnole". Many Baroque composers such as Monteverdi and Corelli and even some modern ones used this well-known tune.

The sarabande has been used a lot in movies, including one by Ingmar Bergman called "Saraband" (2003). It uses the sarabande from the 5th suite for solo cello by Bach.

Gigue

The gigue or giga is a lively baroque dance. "Gigue" (pronounce "jeeg") is the French word, and "giga" (pronounce "jee-ga") is the Italian word. The English word is "jig" and in England this refers to a folk dance.

The gigue was one of the movements in a series of dance movements called suites written by Baroque composers. The Baroque suite normally had an Allemande, a Courante, a Sarabande and a Gigue to finish with. Sometimes there were one or two other movements as well.

The gigue usually has a compound metre such as 6/8, 6/4, 9/8 or 12/16. They often have a contrapuntal texture and each phrase is usually four bars long. Like all the dances in the Baroque suite, the gigue is in binary form. The second half will usually start with the main tune in inversion (upside down).

Canobbio

Canobbio is a municipality of the district Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland

It is not to be confused with Ca"nn"o"b"io in nearby Italy.


Capriasca

Capriasca is a municipality of the district of Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.

Capriasca was created on 15 October 2001 by a merger of the former municipalities of Cagiallo, Lopagno, Roveredo, Sala Capriasca, Tesserete and Vaglio. On 20 April 2008 the former municipalities of Bidogno, Corticiasca and Lugaggia joined together and became the municipality of Capriasca.


Carabbia

Carabbia was a municipality until 2008, when it was moved to the municipality of Lugano, in the district Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.


Carabietta

Carabietta was a municipality of the district Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland. On 1 April 2012, it was incorporated into the municipality of Collina d'Oro.

Capolago

Capolago was a municipality of the district Mendrisio in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland. On 5 April 2009, the former municipalities of Arzo, Capolago, Genestrerio, Mendrisio, Rancate and Tremona merged into the municipality of Mendrisio.


Carona, Ticino

Carona was a municipality of the district Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland. On 14 April 2013, the former municipalities of Bogno, Cadro, Carona, Certara, Cimadera, Valcolla and Sonvico merged into the city of Lugano.

Caslano

Caslano is a municipality of the district Lugano in the Swiss canton of Ticino. It is near to the Italian border.


Altentreptow

Altentreptow () is a town in the Mecklenburgische Seenplatte Rural District, in Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania, Germany. Altentreptow is the chief town of the Treptower Tollensewinkel amt.

It is on the river Tollense, north of Neubrandenburg and south of Greifswald.

The town was called Trybethowe in 1175. From 1191 it was being called Trebutowe, and Tributowe in 1245. The name Treptow was being used is 1254. In 1295 the Latin "Antiquum Treptow" was used. This means Old Treptow, or in 

Until 1939 the city's name was "Treptow an der Tollense" (Treptow on the Tollense).

The town was burned down several time in the 1500s. Later, during the Thirty Years War the Holy Roman Empire's army was forced to leave the town by the Swedish Army. Later Prussian troops returned, threw the Swedes out, and looted (robbed) the town.

By the 18th century wars had made the town very poor. The city wall was taken down to get new land for growing food.

1869 a new city hall was built and there were cloth weavers and spinning mills as well as farmers in the city.

Later a new mill, but this was burned down ´in 1999. A railway line connected the town with Neubrandenburg and Stralsund, and a school, a bank, a hospital and a post office were opened.

1888 a dairy cooperative was started, and they opened new building in 1995.

Electricity arrived in the city in 1916. This encouraged more people to move to the city and build.

The official name of the city was "Treptow an der Tollense" until 26 January 1939.

A big residential area arose with 1049 flats was built between 1960 and 1985. In the middle of the 1960s the old primary school was changed to a home for old people and a zoo was opened in 1972.

Altentreptow was the capital of the Landkreis (administrative district) Altentreptow from 1952 to 1994.

After the German reunification the old town centre was rebuilt. A modern hospital was opened with 108 beds in 2001.

 Meldorf


Cavagnago

Cavagnago is a former municipality of the district of Leventina in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland. On 1 April 2012 the former municipalities of Anzonico, Calpiogna, Campello, Cavagnago, Chironico, Mairengo and Osco merged to form the municipality of Faido.

Caviano

Caviano was a municipality of the district Locarno in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland. On 25 April 2010, the former municipalities of Caviano, Contone, Gerra Gambarogno, Indemini, Magadino, Piazzogna, San Nazzaro, Sant'Abbondio and Vira Gambarogno merged to form the new municipality of Gambarogno.

Cavigliano

Cavigliano was a municipality of the district Locarno in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland. On 14 April 2013, the former municipalities of Cavigliano, Tegna and Verscio merged to form the new municipality of Terre di Pedemonte.

Cerentino

Cerentino is a municipality of the district Vallemaggia in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.


Certara

Certara was a municipality of the district Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland. On 14 April 2013, the former municipalities of Bogno, Cadro, Carona, Certara, Cimadera, Valcolla and Sonvico merged into the city of Lugano.

Cevio

Cevio is the capital of the district Vallemaggia in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland. On 22 October 2006, Cevio became bigger when it came together with the villages of Bignasco and Cavergno. Both were municipalities of Ticino before this coming together.

Cevio is about northwest of the city of Locarno in the upper Vallemaggia. Most of the area of the municipality, about 64 percent, is covered with trees. About 25 percent of the area has mountains. Only 5 percent of the langer is used for farming.

Cevio has been the main town of the district for a long time. In 1858, the municipality of Linescio broke off from it.

In the fall of 2006, the villages of Cavergno and Bignasco were put into the municipality, even though Bignasco did not want to do so.

The inhabitants of Cevio speak using a language that is different from the Italian.


Bignasco

Bignasco is a village in the district of Vallemaggia, in the canton of Ticino, Switzerland. Bignasco is not a free municipality anymore after merging with another village to become Cevio.

Cavergno

Cavergno is a village in the district of Vallemaggia, in the canton of Ticino, Switzerland. Cavergno is not a free municipality anymore after merging with the village Bignasco to form the municipality Cevio.

Lucca

Lucca is a city in the Italian region of Tuscany. The city is on the river Serchio in a very fertile plain near the Tyrrhenian Sea. It is the capital city of the Province of Lucca.

Lucca was founded by the Etruscans. It later became a Roman village in 180 BC. The Romans built an amphitheatre that is still seen in the Piazza dell'Anfiteatro. Lucca was an important city and fortress even in the 6th century, when Narses attacked it over and over again for several months in 553. During the 10th and 11th centuries, Lucca was the capital of the feudal territories of Tuscany, with more power about the Roman Emperor.

After the death of Matilda of Tuscany, the city began an independent commune. For almost 500 years, Lucca remained an independent republic. There were many minor communes in the region between southern Liguria and northern Tuscany (which was filled by the Malaspina). Tuscany in this time was part of feudal Europe. Dante’s "Divine Comedy" was written to remember the days spent in his exile in Lucca.

In 1273 and again in 1277, Lucca was ruled by a Guelph (captain of the people) named Luchetto Gattilusio. In 1314, after internal problems Uguccione della Faggiuola of Pisa make himself lord of Lucca. The people of the city made him leave two years later and "condottiere" gain the leadership. In 1325, in the battle of Altopascio, Lucca soldiers defeated Florence's Guelphs with the help of Castracani, a leader of the city in time of war. After they won, Castracani was named "Duke of Lucca" by Louis IV the Bavarian. Until the French Revolution in 1789, Lucca was independent from Venice and Genoa. It was a city controlled by democracy or sometimes by oligarchy.

Lucca was the second largest Italian city-state (after Venice) with a republican constitution ("comune"). In 1805 Lucca was taken over by Napoleon, who put his sister Elisa Bonaparte Baciocchi in the place reserved for the "Queen of Etruria". The city became a part of Tuscany in 1847 and later a part of Italy.

The walls around the old town are intact as the city grew and became more modern. This is unusual for cities in the region. A famous place is the house where Puccini was born. The house is open to the public.

There are many churches in Lucca:

Other sights include:

Every year in Lucca there are two important festivals. The Lucca Summer Festival is a rock music festival. "Lucca Comics and Games" is the largest meeting about comics and games of Italy.




Massa

Massa is a town and "comune" in Tuscany, Italy, in the centre of province of Massa-Carrara. It is in the northern part of the Tuscany region.

Massa is near the sea, and has a population of approximately 69,000 inhabitants, distributed in five areas. 

The Massa area has a high number of touristists, and it's famous for concentration of some 600 industrial and craft activities where are working about 7,000 people. 
Together with the twin town of Carrara, Massa is worldwide known for the extraction and production of marble.

From the 15th to the 19th century, Massa was the capital of the independent Principate (later Duchy) of Massa and Carrara, controlled and ruled by the Malaspina and Cybo-Malaspina families.

In 1829, the city was handed by the Austrian Este family. In 1859, during the unification of Italy process, it joined the Kingdom of Sardinia.

Massa's attractions include: 

Carrara

Carrara is a city in the province of Massa-Carrara (Tuscany, Italy), famous for white or blue-gray marble, and for being a city "symbol" of international anarchism.

Carrara was ruled by Pisa in 1235, Lucca in 1322, Genoa in 1329, and Milan in 1343. After Filippo Maria Visconti of Milan died in 1477, Carrara was controlled by Tommaso Campogregoso, lord of Sarzana, and the Malaspina family.

Carrara and Massa made up the Duchy of Massa and Carrara from the 15th to the 19th century. In 1929, the cities of Carrara, Massa and Montignoso were joined into a single big city, called "Apuania". In 1945 "Apuania", was abolished, and the cities were separated.


Carrara marble has been used since the time of Ancient Rome for buildings, like the Pantheon and Trajan's Column in Rome. Many sculptures of the Renaissance, such as Michelangelo's "David", were made from Carrara marble.

The city has academies of sculpture and fine arts and a museum of statuaries and antiquities. The local marble is exported around the world.



298 Baptistina

298 Baptistina is a common Main belt asteroid. It was found by Auguste Charlois on September 9, 1890 in Nice.

Although it has an orbit similar to the Flora family asteroids, it was found to be an unrelated asteroid.

A 2007 US-Czech study decided that 298 Baptistina may be the biggest remnant of a 170 km (110 mile) asteroid that was destroyed about 160 million years ago in an impact with a smaller body, making the Baptistina family of asteroids and that the Baptistina event may have created the eventual impact asteroid believed by many to have caused the K/T extinction event about 65 million years ago. This is the K/T impactor believed to be shown in the geological record. This theory has not, as yet, found general acceptance among the scientific community.

VLC media player

VLC media player (also known as VLC or VideoLAN Client) is a free software media player by the VideoLAN project.

It is a highly portable multimedia player, encoder, and streamer that supports many kinds of audio and video. VLC can repair and play corrupt files, damaged or unfinished.

It is one of the most platform-independent players, available for BeOS, BSD, Linux, Mac OS X, Microsoft Windows, Solaris and Windows CE, and had over 50 million downloads for version 0.8.6.

VLC uses a large number of free decoding and encoding libraries. Many of its codecs are provided by the libavcodec codec library from the FFmpeg project, but it uses mainly its own muxer and demuxers. VLC gained honor as the first player to support playback of encrypted DVDs on Linux by using the libdvdcss DVD library.

VLC was initially the client for the VideoLAN project, and it was originally made by students at the École Centrale de Paris, and was released under the GPL license on the 1 February 2001. It now has supporters and contributors worldwide.

The icon of VLC is a traffic cones collected by Ecole Centrale's Networking Students' Association.

VLC has a very flexible design, which makes it easier to include modules for new file formats, codecs or streaming methods. There are more than 300 modules in VLC. VLC also supports highly personalizable skins through the skins2 interface, Winamp 2 and XMMS skins and can play high definition recordings of D-VHS tapes duplicated to a computer using CapDVHS.exe



Guitar Hero (video game)

Guitar Hero is a music video game, released on November 8, 2005 for the PlayStation 2. The game uses a guitar-shaped controller that allows players to simulate the playing of rock music. "Guitar Hero" has earned comparisons to "Dance Dance Revolution" played with a guitar. Despite a high price for the guitar/game bundle, "Guitar Hero" was very successful and had several sequels; "Guitar Hero II" and "", as well as other games in the music game genre. The game features artists such as David Bowie, Judas Priest, Sum 41 and Deep Purple

Guitar Hero II

Guitar Hero II is a music video game, released for the PlayStation 2 on November 7, 2006 and the Xbox 360 on April 3, 2007. It is the sequel to "Guitar Hero". The game features a guitar-shaped controller that allows players to simulate the playing of rock music. Much like the original game, "Guitar Hero II" was very successful and helped the "Guitar Hero" series become a cultural phenomenon. The game features artists such as Aerosmith, Nirvana, Foo Fighters, Rage Against the Machine and Guns N' Roses.

PeaZip

PeaZip is an open source, cross-platform, portable data compression, file manager and encryption software, available for Microsoft Windows and Linux.

PeaZip created and can open the "Pea" archive format, made by the same corporation. Peazip is written in Free Pascal, using Lazarus. Peazip is under the GNU Lesser General Public License, PeaZip is free software.

Peazip can change look, like opacity, colors, and icons.

7Z, 7Z-sfx, BZip2/TBZ, GZip/TGZ, LPAQ1/5, PAQ8F/JD/L/O, PEA, QUAD/BALZ/BCM, split (.001), TAR, WIM, XZ, ZIP

ACE, ARJ, CAB, CHM, COMPOUND files (MSI, DOC, PPT, XLS...), CPIO, DEB, ISO CD/DVD images, Java archives (JAR, EAR, WAR), LZH, NSIS installers, OpenDocument, PET/PUP (Puppy Linux installers), PAK/PK3/PK4, RAR, RPM, WIM, XPI, Z, ZIPX



Guitar Hero III: Legends of Rock

Guitar Hero III: Legends of Rock is a music video game, released on October 28, 2007. The game, like "Guitar Hero II", was made for PlayStation 2 and Xbox 360, but this time it was also released for PlayStation 3, Nintendo Wii, PC and Mac home computers. The game features a guitar-like controller that simulates the playing of rock music. The game has a number of controllers like microphones and keyboards that can be bought.

There are songs in this game by many bands and singers. Some of these include "Anarchy in the U.K." by the Sex Pistols, "Paint it Black" the Rolling Stones, "Even Flow" by Pearl Jam, "Through the Fire and Flames" by DragonForce, "Before I Forget" by Slipknot, "Story of my Life" by Social Distortion, "My Name is Jonas" by Weezer and "The Number of the Beast" by Iron Maiden.

Volcanic Explosivity Index

In volcanology, the Volcanic Explosivity Index (VEI) is the way to measure the strength of a volcanic eruption. The Volcanic Explosivity Index measures how large or strong volcanic eruptions are. The index is a scale of 0 to 8. 0 is very small, and 8 is huge and very rare.

The largest eruption in modern times, the 1980 eruption of Mount St. Helens, was a 5 on the index. The Oruanui eruption of the Taupo Volcano in New Zealand was the world’s largest known eruption in the past 70,000 years was an 8. Another eruption of the Taupo volcano happened about 1,800 years ago. It was the most violent eruption in the world in the last 5,000 years. Mt Tambora was a 7 on the Volcanic Explosivity Index. Supervolcanoes have a Volcanic Explosivity Index of 8; and if the definition is expanded, also include volcanoes with a Volcanic Explosivity Index of 7.



Lockheed U-2

"For the band, see U2 (band)."

The U-2 (nicknamed the Dragon Lady) is an espionage fixed-wing aircraft made by Lockheed (now Lockheed Martin). It first flew in 1955 and was introduced in 1957. It flies a lot like a glider. It was made during the Cold War, because the United States needed a way to look at the Soviet military from high up. Taiwan also used it to spy on China.

The United States wanted to keep the purpose of the U-2 secret, but on May 1, 1960, Francis Gary Powers was shot down in his U-2 by a Soviet SAM SA-2 missile. In 1962, Powers was released and traded for captured Soviet spy Rudolf Abel. After this, the SR-71 Blackbird started spying on the Soviet Union, which was faster and harder to see on radar.

The U-2 is still in service even though the design is over 50 years old.

The U-2S is 62.99 feet (19.20 meters) long, 104.99 feet (32 meters wide), and is 15.75 feet (4.80 meters) tall. It weighs 14,991 pounds (6,800 kilograms) empty, but when full, it weighs 41,006 pounds (18,600 kilograms). It is powered by one General Electric F118-101 engine with 17,000 pounds (7711.2 kilograms) of thrust. It can go 475 miles per hour (764 kilometers per hour), fly 7,000 miles (11,265 kilometers) without refueling, and can fly upwards of 70,000 feet (21,336 meters), possibly as high as 84,974 feet (25,900 meters).

The Soviet military shot down a U-2 spy plane that was doing aerial reconnaissance over the Soviet Union. They shot it down with a surface-to-air ballistic missile. The pilot survived and was captured and sentenced to 10 years of hard labour in a Soviet gulag for espionage.

Russell Brand

Russell Edward Brand (born 4 June 1975) is an English comedian, actor, television presenter, radio host author and activist. He is best known for playing Dr. Nefario in the films "Despicable Me" (2010), "Despicable Me 2" (2013) and "" (2022).

In 2004, he presented "Big Brother's Big Mouth", a side-show of "Big Brother UK". In 2006, he started presenting a radio show, "The Russell Brand Show", on BBC Radio 6 Music. In 2007 the show was moved to BBC Radio 2. He was involved in a controversy over a prank phone call with Jonathan Ross in 2008. After this Brand quit his job at the BBC.

He presented "Russell Brand's Ponderland" in 2007 and 2008. He wrote a book in 2007 about his life, which is called "My Booky Wook". In October 2014, he wrote another book called "Revolution".

Many people notice his unusual fashion sense; his choice of clothing and hairstyle is unique. He has been diagnosed with attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder and bipolar disorder. He has had bulimia nervosa and been addicted to crack cocaine, heroin and alcohol. 

As of March 2013, Brand has not used drugs or alcohol for ten years. From 2006 to 2008, Brand won The Sun's Shagger of the Year award. He has been arrested 12 times. He married Katy Perry in October 2010. He filed for divorce from her in January 2012, which was finalised in July 2012. He dated Jemima Khan from 2013-2014. 

In 2017, Brand married Scottish lifestyle blogger Laura Gallacher. They have a daughter.

Brand lives in Shoreditch, London.

Cypher

A cypher is an algorithm for performing encryption (coding) or decryption (decoding). It is a series of well-defined steps that can be followed as a procedure. To encipher or encode is to convert information from plain text into cipher or code. 

In non-technical usage, a 'cipher' often means the same thing as a 'code'; but in cryptography, cyphers are distinguished from codes. One 20th century source gives this explanation: a cypher is "a method in which the basic unit of concealment is the letter. 

In comparison, a code is a form of concealment in which the basic unit is the word". Late in the century, "codes" in this cryptographic sense became rare. 21st century cryptography mostly encrypts bitstreams. 

Codes operated by substituting according to a large codebook which linked a random string of characters or numbers to a word or phrase. For example, "UQJHSE" could be the code for "Proceed to the following coordinates".

A cypher is used to turn the original information ("plaintext") to the encrypted form "ciphertext". The ciphertext message contains all the information of the plaintext message, but cannot be read by human or computer without the proper mechanism to decrypt it.
To encipher or decipher, you need the "key". In encryption, a key specifies the particular transformation of plaintext into ciphertext, or vice versa during decryption.

By type of key used cyphers are divided into:

The word cypher in French is "cifre" and in Medieval Latin "cifra", from the Arabic "sifr", meaning 'zero'. The first known English use of "zero" was in 1598.


Chief Justice of the United States

The Chief Justice of the United States is the senior judge of the Supreme Court of the United States.

They have no more powers than any of the other judges of the Supreme Court, who are called Associate Justices. The Chief Justice is responsible for organizing the Court's schedules and administration.

By tradition, the Chief Justice administers the oath of office to the President of the United States. The only time this has not happened is when Calvin Coolidge became president. 

Sturmabteilung

The Sturmabteilung (; often shortened to SA) was a paramilitary group for the German Nazi Party.
Their leader was Ernst Röhm.
The group was important in helping Adolf Hitler gain power in the 1930s.

In English, they are often called the Stormtroopers or the Brownshirts, while "Sturmabteilung" literally translates to “assault detachment” or “assault section”.
They wore a brown uniform, similar to the black uniform worn by Mussolini's Blackshirts.

The word "Sturmabteilung" was used before the founding of the Nazi Party in 1919.
It originally comes from the specialized assault troops used by Germany in World War I using "" infiltration tactics.

The SA played a key role in Adolf Hitler’s rise to power in the 1930s.
Other political parties also had their own partisan militia, and the SA fought them.
The SS began as a small part of SA, and later replaced them.

The Army and other conservatives disliked the SA.
In 1934 Hitler launched the Night of the Long Knives in which the Schutzstaffel arrested and killed their leaders.



Green card

Green Card or Permanent Resident Card is an identification card that proves that someone who is not a United States citizen is a permanent resident of the United States. The holder of the card is allowed to live, work and study in the United States on a permanent basis.

Most people get Green Cards after being sponsored by a family member, such as a wife or husband, or by an employer that is located in the United States. Other people may become permanent residents through refugee or asylum programs, or similar programs designed to protect their human rights. In some cases, a person may be allowed to file for their own Green Card without a sponsor.

After five years of legal permanent residency within the United States, the holder of the card is eligible to become a U.S. Citizen.

Council of Chalcedon

The Council of Chalcedon was an ecumenical council that took place from October 8 to November 1, 451, at Chalcedon (a city of Bithynia in Asia Minor). Chalcedon is today part of the city of Istanbul on the Asian side of the Bosphorus. 

The most comprehensive confession of the Person of Christ was made at the Council of Chalcedon in 451:

For many people, these definitions were too dogmatic; The Oriental Orthodox Churches split from the main church (that would later become the Roman Catholic and the Eastern Orthodox Church). 



Chalcedon

Chalcedon (Χαλκηδών, sometimes transliterated as "Chalkedon") was an ancient maritime town of Bithynia, in Asia Minor, almost directly opposite Byzantium, south of Scutari (modern Üsküdar). Today, in modern Turkish, Chalcedon is called Kadıköy and a district of Istanbul, Turkey.

Bithynia

Bithynia was an old kingdom of a Roman province in the northwest of Asia Minor. It was at the coast of the Black Sea. It was named after the Bithyni, a tribe that moved there from Thrace. It was an important territory for the Roman empire. Bithynia was also the site of early Christian activities in the first and second centuries AD.


Kadıköy

Kadıköy is a large district on the Anatolian side of İstanbul, Turkey. It is on the shore of the Sea of Marmara. It faces the historic city centre on the European side of the Bosporus. Kadıköy was known as Chalcedon in ancient history.


Antiquity

Antiquity may mean:

Bosporus

The Bosporus or Bosphorus is a strait that forms part of the boundary between the European part of Turkey and its Asian part (Anatolia). It connects the Black Sea with the Sea of Marmara. It is about 30 km long, with a maximum width of 3,700 metres at the northern entrance, and a minimum width of 700 metres between Kandilli and Aşiyan; and 750 metres between Anadoluhisarı and Rumelihisarı. The depth varies from 36 to 124 metres in midstream.

The shores of the strait are heavily populated as Istanbul is located on each side. Three bridges and one tunnel cross the strait.


Strait

A strait is a narrow channel of water between two land areas. A strait connects two bodies of water. Straits often connect two seas. Many straits are economically and strategically important. Straits may be part of important shipping routes. So, someone who controls a strait can control the shipping. Wars have been fought to control them. Although rivers and canals often connect two large lakes or a lake and a sea, they are not straits. Straits are much larger and wider and do not have water running in a single direction.

Well-known straits in the world are:


Channel

Channel, channels, channeling, etc., may refer to:













Strait of Dover

The Strait of Dover or Dover Strait is the strait at the narrowest part of the English Channel.

The strait is at the east end of the English Channel, where it joins the North Sea. Its width is the shortest distance between France and England. On a clear day, it is possible to see the coastline on the other side and the buildings on the shore without the help of binoculars.

The shortest distance across the strait is from the South Foreland, some 6 km (4 mi) north-east of Dover in the county of Kent, England, to Cap Gris Nez, a cape near Calais in the "département" of Pas-de-Calais, France. Between these two points – the most popular route for cross-channel swimmers – the distance is just 33 km (20 mi).


SA

SA is an abbreviation. It can stand for different things.




The Pigeon Detectives

The Pigeon Detectives are an English band who originated from Rothwell in Leeds, they formed in 2002. They have received praise by such well known DJs as Steve Lamacq and Jo Whiley, and performed at the Reading and Leeds Festivals in 2006, where they were "the band most likely to leap to the main stage in 2007” in an issue of the NME.

They supported "Dirty Pretty Things" whilst they toured in spring 2006. In early November 2006 they supported The "Kaiser Chiefs", who are known to be admirers of the band. On 8 July 2007, they played on the Radio 1 NME Stage in front of thousands of people at T in the Park. The performance was televised and shown later that day on BBC3 television channel.



Hirschaid

Hirschaid is the biggest municipality in the district of Bamberg. About 11,650 people live there. The mayor is Andreas Schlund.

Julián Marías

Julián Marías Aguilera (June 17, 1914 – December 15, 2005) was a Spanish philosopher. He is the author of "History of Philosophy" (1941) written in Spanish on the subject of the history of philosophy. He was a pupil of the Spanish philosopher José Ortega y Gasset.

Deuteronomy

Deuteronomy is a book in the Bible. It is the last of the five books of Moses, meaning it deals with Moses, the Israelites and their ancestors, and their relationship with God. It is part of the Torah. The Hebrew name of the book is , which means 'Words.'

The book begins with the words Moses spoke to the Israelites in the wilderness east of the Jordan. He told them that they had been very rebellious towards God, so God made them travel from place to place before reaching the land he promised them. This was the fortieth year they travelled.

Moses told the Israelites what had happened throughout their journey. He scolded them for disobeying God, who made them go through a very hard journey. Moses then gave them the Law, teaching them what must be done, and what cannot be done. These laws were given to him by God. (See Ten Commandments.) The Law warns against worshipping other gods, and tells that all Israel, every one, must obey God alone. He warned them against worshipping idols, and commanded them to treat the poor, foreigners, and orphans well. If the Israelites obey God, they will prosper (be successful). But God predicted that the future generations will suffer because of their disobedience. One day, however the Israelites would return to God.

God then commanded Moses to write the Law on stone tablets for the Israelites to remember. Then Moses formally made Joshua, son of Nun, the new leader over the Israelites. God gave Moses a song to sing, and asked him to teach it to the Israelites. The song would remind them in the future about how they had gone against God.

Moses was very old - 120 years - during that time. He knew he was going to die because God had told him it would happen. Therefore, before he died, he gave a blessing to all the twelve tribes of Israel.

Finally God made Moses climb Mount Nebo and showed him all the land he was giving to Israel. Because Moses and his brother Aaron disobeyed God earlier on, Moses was not allowed to enter the land, only to see it. Moses died on Mount Nebo, and the Israelites mourned for him for thirty days. After that Joshua began to lead Israel under God's command.




Viareggio

Viareggio is a city in northern Tuscany in Italy on the coast of the Tyrrhenian Sea. With over 63,000 people it is the main centre of the northern Tuscan Riviera known as Versilia, and the second largest city in the Province of Lucca.

Viareggio is famous for the "Passeggiata", a promenade, and for the oldest Carnival in Europe, the "Carnevale di Viareggio".

The city’s name comes from the Latin "via regis", the name of the Medieval road used for going to Lucca.

In the area we can find the rest of Ligurian, and other peoples from north Italy. The area of "Ersilia", is very rich in old artifacts.

With time, Viareggio has also gained the title of Capital of Versilia. The first historical fact concerning Viareggio dates 1169 when a wooden tower guarding coast was built, however Viareggio, was in a bad area for living, how Giovanni Boccaccio spoke in his book the "Decamerone".

This century was perhaps one of the most difficult periods for the 300 inhabitants of Viareggio; the area was really bad, for the life, often people died for malaria, but however slowly Viareggio changed its appearance; two small churches and as many factories were built, followed by a number of small shops.

With the fall of Napoleon, Viareggio was the centre of several acts of violence. In March 1814 viareggini, (the people born in Viareggio) attack the French soldiers.

Viareggio remained under the control of the Austrians until 1817 when, as part of the agreements from Congress of Vienna, Maria Luisa di Borbone was assigned the new Duchy of Lucca. In 1820 Viareggio was officially proclaimed city.Carlo Ludovico di Borbone helped the city, building a new church, a royal casino and two beach resorts, the first ones to be built in Viareggio.

During these years Viareggio’s economy had a very rapid expansion about the sailboat industry.

Viareggio begins to be a place for tourism, The "Passeggiata" or promenade was born, with its cafés and shops, contributing to make famous the city, that after will be called friendly the ""Pearl of the Tyrrhenian Sea"".

During World War II Viareggio was subject to heavy bombings and entire suburbs of the city were destroyed.After the war, the reconstruction was really hard to do.Today Viareggio is a very nice city for tourism.

Patron saint of the city is Maria Santissima Annunziata




The oldest carnival in Italy and Europe, and surely the most important. It was started in 1873. The official masks of the Carnival are Burlamacco and Ondina, drawn for the first time in 1930. Since 1954, RAI broadcasts the event on national TV.The carnival it's really famous because, on the carnival, there are masks about ministers, or show man.


In Viareggio there are many resources, sea tourism, with the very nice cost, tourism, and a very big industry about flowers and fruit.Viareggio is famous in Italy for the beauties local shops, near the city and near the beach.





Static random-access memory

Static random-access memory (SRAM) is a type of RAM that keeps data that is fed to it without having to be refreshed over and over again. 

Both DRAM and SRAM store information in binary by using very small electronic components. Both are volatile (need electric current flowing to keep the negative and positively charged components stay that way).

One difference is that SRAM are also used for specific applications within the PC, where their good points outweigh their bad points compared to DRAM.

Like other semiconductor chips, SRAM chips are made by photolithography. 

For SRAM, each bit is composed of between four and six transistors, forming a flip-flop to hold information. This complexity is what makes SRAM bigger and more expensive than DRAM. In DRAM each bit has only one transistor plus a capacitor acting like a miniature rechargeable battery).




Damnation

In Western Christian belief, damnation to hell is the punishment of God for persons who were sinners.

In Eastern Christian traditions (Eastern Orthodoxy and Oriental Orthodoxy), as well as some Western traditions, it is seen as a state of separation from God, a state into which all humans are born but against which Christ is the "Mediator" and "Great Physician".



Chester Bennington

Chester Charles Bennington (March 20, 1976 – July 20, 2017) was an American musician, singer, songwriter, rapper and actor. He was the lead singer for Linkin Park.

Bennington was born in Phoenix, Arizona, United States. He was interested in music since he was young and he liked mostly Depeche Mode and Stone Temple Pilots. His parents separated in the late 1980s, and was raised by his father. Later he had problems with drugs. 

At the beginning he was a vocalist in a grunge band called Grey Daze. He left Grey Daze in 1998. After that, the vice president of A&R at Zomba Music in Los Angeles, offered Bennington an audition with Linkin Park. Bennington went to California and joined the band. Their name was “Hybrid Theory” back then. The other vocalist was Mike Shinoda. After some rejections, Jeff Blue operated to help the band sign with Warner Bros. Records.

In spite of the success in the early 2000s, Bennington has had personal problems outside of the public interest.

Bennington had a son in 1996 by Elka Brand and in 2006 adopted her other son who was born in 1997. In 1996 Bennington married Samantha Marie Olit. Their child was born in 2002. The couple divorced in 2005. In 2006, Bennington married Talinda Bentley, a former "Playboy" model. He had three children with Bentley, a son born in 2006, and twin daughters born in 2011.

Bennington died by suicide by hanging himself on July 20, 2017 at his home in Palos Verdes Estates, California at the age of 41, the day on what would have been his close friend, Chris Cornell's 53rd birthday who also died by suicide a few months earlier.






National Anthem of the Dominican Republic

"Himno Nacional" ("National Anthem") is the national anthem of the Dominican Republic. The music was written by José Reyes (1835-1905) and the lyrics (words of the song) by Emilio Prud'homme (1856-1932).

This anthem was played for the first time on 17 August 1883 in Santo Domingo. In 1897, Prud'homme made some corrections to its original poem.

"Himno Nacional" was made the official Dominican national anthem on 30 May 1934.


PetSmart

PetSmart Inc. is an American pet supply company. They sell pet supplies and services like grooming and dog training in the United States and Canada. The name PetSmart was made as a pun.


Chironico

Chironico was a municipality of the district Leventina in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland. On 1 April 2012, the former municipalities of Anzonico, Calpiogna, Campello, Cavagnago, Chironico, Mairengo and Osco merged to form the municipality of Faido.

Cimadera

Cimadera was a municipality of the district Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland. On 14 April 2013, the former municipalities of Bogno, Cadro, Carona, Certara, Cimadera, Valcolla and Sonvico merged into the city of Lugano.

Claro, Ticino

Claro was a municipality of the district Riviera in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.

On 2 April 2017, the former municipalities of Camorino, Claro, Giubiasco, Gnosca, Gorduno, Gudo, Moleno, Monte Carasso, Pianezzo, Preonzo, Sant'Antonio and Sementina merged into the municipality of Bellinzona.


Claro

Claro may mean:


SCSI

SCSI is a set of standards for physically connecting and transferring data between computers and peripheral devices, such as a hard drive or CD or DVD drive. SCSI stands for Small Computer System Interface, although the "small" is historic; SCSI is used on both large and small computers. SCSI is usually pronounced as "scuzzy". 

Few of these peripherals (other than hard drives and tape drives) were made after the 20th century. Later ones used USB or in some cases Firewire.

SCSI goes from a bus slot on the motherboard. There is a card called host adapter on the motherboard. From this card is a managed data cable. This cable connects individual SCSI peripherals. Each peripheral has its own sequencer which is functional independent. Operation of the data cable is controlled by the host adapter. This makes it possible to install internal or external components. The CPU is not loaded by transferring data.

Each peripheral has its own sequencer and host adapter. They can be used for communication with devices by a defined "computer" language. They could also cooperate with other peripherals of SCSI. Hard disks, optical drives, tape adapter units, ZIP drives, scanners and printers used SCSI. 

SCSI is not restricted by conditions (for example: by data capacity). One of the main advantages of SCSI is a possibility to daisy-chain devices. There is a device on the bus SCSI which controls this. 

For example, hard disk defines “head's of operations” etc. At the same moment the other device could send data to other devices, (scanner). Operations of other device are not cancelled with origin connection. After transferring data to scanner device could continues with transferring data to hard disk. SCSI is faster because of this fact even maximal speed of transferring is not so different to EIDE.

Each peripheral of SCSI has to be identified. That is the reason why every peripheral must have a unique ID. This number is set by a bond or shunt on the case of components. There cannot be two devices on the same bus with the same ID.

Buses have to be finished with resistances, called terminators. On the last devices it is necessary to install terminators.

The host adapter has to be in connection to assign system resources - addresses I/O, IRQ, DMA, reserved memory.

SCSI has existed for a long time. That is why there are many kind of SCSI. They are different in data width (8 or 16 bits) and working frequency (from 5 MHz to 80 MHz). With 8-bit data width, the parallel SCSI bus can be connected to 8 devices (used a 50 pin connector); with 16 bits, the SCSI bus can be connected to 16 devices.

In addition to the parallel SCSI interface, there are also other interfaces that use the SCSI protocol but use different cables.


Musical form

The term musical form can have two meanings:



Electric Gardens

Electric Gardens Festival, sometimes called Electric Gardens, 'EGFestival', 'EGFest', or 'EG', is a medium sized music festival at Mount Ephraim, Faversham in Kent. The festival happens on a weekend in early August.

The first time the festival took place was in 2006. There are plans to hold the festival every year.

A bus was parked at the festival, by Myspace. The bus was used for the music players to meet people. Free gifts and information are also given from here.




Margarita

Margarita may mean:


Near East

The Near East is a large area of land in the eastern hemisphere. Countries of the eastern Mediterranean are part of the Near East. The name of the Near East comes from its position to the east of Europe and to the west of the Middle East and the Far East.

The Levant, Mesopotamia, Anatolia, Iran, and Egypt are all regions that are part of the Near East. In the past, the Balkan Peninsula, south-west Asia, and northern Africa were part of the Near East as well.

The Near East is also a name for Middle East which archaeologists, geographers and historians use.

The term "Near East" came into use in the 1890s, when European powers had to deal with two critical situations in the "east". The Sino-Japanese War in 1894–1895 in the Far East, and the Armenian Genocide in the Near East.

British archaeologist D.G. Hogarth published "The Nearer East" in 1902, which helped to define the term and its extent, including Albania, Montenegro, southern Serbia and Bulgaria, Greece, Egypt, all the Ottoman lands, the entire Arabian peninsula, and western parts of Iran.

Collina d'Oro

Collina d'Oro (called Gold Hill in English) is a municipality of the district Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland. It was made on 4 April 2004 from the merging of the villages of Agra, Gentilino, and Montagnola. On 1 April 2012, it incorporated the formerly independent municipality of Carabietta.


Far East

The term Far East means countries of East Asia, North Asia and Southeast Asia. It became used in the English language during the period of the British Empire for lands to the east of British India. 

Before World War I, the "Near East" meant relatively nearby lands of the Ottoman Empire, "Middle East" northwestern South Asia and Central Asia, and "Far East" countries along the western Pacific Ocean and countries along the eastern Indian Ocean. Many European languages have analogous terms, such as the French ', Spanish ', Portuguese ', German ', Italian ', and Dutch '. 

"Far East" is never used for the culturally Western nations of Australia and New Zealand, which lie even farther to the east of Europe than much of East Asia.

Montagnola

Montagnola is a small Swiss village in the Collina d'Oro municipality. Along with the villages of Agra and Gentilino, it makes the new municipality of Collina d'Oro.

Comano

Comano could mean:

Comano, Ticino

Comano is a municipality of the district Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.


Contone

Contone was a municipality of the district Locarno in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland. On 25 April 2010, the former municipalities of Caviano, Contone, Gerra Gambarogno, Indemini, Magadino, Piazzogna, San Nazzaro, Sant'Abbondio and Vira Gambarogno merged to form the new municipality of Gambarogno.

Corippo

Corippo is a former municipality of the district Locarno in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.

With a population of just 17 as of December 2004, it is the smallest municipality in Switzerland. It has many of the things that communities many times its size has: an official website (www.corippo.ch ), its own coat of arms, a village church, a restaurant, and a mayor who leads a town council made up of three local citizens. The village has remained independent since 1822.

On 17 October 2020 the former municipalities of Brione (Verzasca), Corippo, Frasco, Sonogno and Vogorno merged to form the new municipality of Verzasca.

Corippo lies in the Verzasca valley about 12 kilometers (7.4 miles) from Locarno at the north end of the reservoir Lake Vogorno, and 20 km from the border with Italy. The houses are built from the local Ticino granite with slate roofs and have changed little for several hundred years, leading the Italian writer Piero Bianconi to describe Corippo as "Verzasca's gentlest village".


Corticiasca

Corticiasca was a municipality of the district Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland. On 20 April 2008, the former municipalities of Bidogno, Corticiasca and Lugaggia joined and became the municipality of Capriasca.

Cresciano

Cresciano was a municipality of the district Riviera in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland. On 2 April 2017, the former municipalities of Cresciano, Iragna, Lodrino and Osogna merged to form the new municipality of Riviera.


Croglio

Croglio was a municipality in Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland. On 18 April 2021, the former municipalities of Croglio, Monteggio, Ponte Tresa and Sessa merged to form the new municipality of Tresa.


Cugnasco

Cugnasco was a municipality of the district Locarno in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland. On 20 April 2008, the former municipalities of Cugnasco and Gerra (Verzasca) merged to form the new municipality of Cugnasco-Gerra.


Cureglia

Cureglia is a municipality of the district Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.


Curio

Curio could mean:

Curio, Ticino

Curio is a municipality of the district Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.


Dobryanka

Dobryanka (, 58°27′N, 56°25′E) is a town in Perm Krai, Russia. It is a center of Dobryansky District. As of 2005, there were about 36,100 people.

Dobryanka was founded in 1623 and became a town in 1943. It is one of the oldest settlements of Perm Krai.

Grosseto

