Grosseto is a town in the central Italian region of Tuscany. It is the capital of the Province of Grosseto. The city is 12km from the Tyrrhenian Sea. It is in the Maremma near the Ombrone river. Grosseto has 80,742 people. It is a small city but the province is the largest of the Tuscany. It's very comfortable because there is the sea near it.

Grosseto was one of the main Etruscan cities. The city was under the control of the Aldobrandeschi family. In 1137, the city was captured by German soldiers under the control of Duke Henry X of Bavaria. In 1151, the people of Grosseto agreed to be under the control of Siena. In 1222, the city returned to the Aldobrandeschi. When Siena captured the lands of the Aldobrandeschi in 1244, Grosseto was under their control again. The city tried to free itself in 1266 and 1355 but failed.

Sienese control of the Grosseto lasted until 1559 when Charles V gave control of the city to the Medici. It then became part of the Grand Duchy of Tuscany.



Federal Ministry for Digital and Transport

The Federal Ministry for Digital and Transport is a ministry of the Federal Republic of Germany. Its headquarters are in Berlin, but the second office, in Bonn, has more staff.

The Minister is also "Beauftragter der Bundesregierung für die neuen Bundesländer" That is, he is the government's special representative for the old states of East Germany. His job is to help those states to rebuilld industry, improve roads and jobs and become as rich as the other states of Germany.

The Federal Ministry of Transport, Building and Housings (BMVBW) was formed in 1998 when the "Federal Ministry of Transport" and the "Federal Ministry of Environmental Planning, Building and Construction and Urban Development" were joined. The ministry was renamed in 2005 to the Federal Ministry of Transport, Building and Urban Development.

Both of these earlier ministries were founded in 1949.

Philosophy of science

Philosophy of science is the part of philosophy that studies the sciences.

Philosophers who are interested in science study how knowledge is built up by scientists, and what makes science different from other activities. No doubt, modern science has advanced knowledge in a wide range of fields. How has it done this? To tackle this issue, a number of other issues also have to be tackled.

Some people think that in earlier times, science was nothing but organized common sense. Thomas Henry Huxley thought this. However, during the twentieth century, science produced many ideas which were nothing like common sense, like general relativity. Then it was clear that science really was something different from common sense. But what was it? This is called the demarcation problem.

The demarcation problem refers to the distinction between science and non-science (like pseudoscience). Karl Popper called this the central question in the philosophy of science. No solution to the problem has had full agreement among philosophers; some of them think the problem is insoluble or uninteresting.

The logical positivists tried to base science on observation. In their view, truth was achieved by logic and observation. Non-science was non-observational and meaningless.

Against that, Popper argued that the central property of science is falsifiability. All scientific claims can be proved false, at least in principle. If no such proof can be found despite sufficient effort, then the claim is likely true. Popper's ideas were applauded by many scientists (like Peter Medawar). However, skeptics noticed that ideas were often not discarded when a prediction was refuted. The ideas were simply adjusted to take into account the new findings. It was clear from this that, although falsifiability was important, it could not be a simple way to distinguish science from non-science.

Other approaches were tried. One idea that science was a problem-solving process aimed at finding answers to questions. Of course, many other fields try to answer questions and solve problems. Another approach was to define science as the search for objective truth. But objectivity is very hard to define, and whether science really is objective is open to question.

With biology, the situation wasn't the same as other parts of science. There were thousands of published observations, and Darwin showed that sense could be made of the observations. He used those ideas to prove evolution had taken place. In a natural history science (such as biology, geology or astronomy), one of the main jobs of science is to explain what has happened and what is seen. Obviously, explanations as well as observations and theories are part of the philosophy of science.

Both theory and observations are part of science, and they are tied together in a kind of cycle. A clear example was the prediction of Einstein that a source of gravity (such as a star) would bend light passing nearby. An expedition was organised in 1919 to record the positions of stars around the Sun during a solar eclipse. It showed that the positions of the stars close to the Sun were changed slightly from their normal expected positions. The light passing close to the Sun was pulled towards the sun by gravitation. This seemed to prove Einstein's general theory of relativity, published in 1915. Many years later, the proof was shown to be wrong. But by then other observations (of time dilation) showed that Einstein actually was right. Gravitational lensing proved that light was pulled towards the Sun.

The point here is that the observation and the theory were connected. The observation would not have been made but for the theory, and then the observation was convincing evidence in favour of the theory. The theory had passed a critical test. Since then, many more tests have been made of Einstein's ideas, and all have been consistent with his theory.

According to common sense, science begins with observations: all scientific knowledge come from the facts of experience. Theories are produced by observation of these facts and are then tested by prediction.

Here is a schema of this idea of science that some philosophers call a "naive" conception of science:

This naive conception is not held by many philosophers today. For one thing, it sees science as a one-way engine from 'facts' (what are they?) to theories and predictions. As shown by the Einstein example, where a theory led the other way round, the model does not fit much of science. In fact the relationship between the parts of a scientific philosophy are extremely complex.

According to Pierre Duhem and W.V. Quine, it is impossible to test a theory in isolation. For example, to test Newton's Law of Gravitation in our solar system, one needs information about the masses and positions of the Sun and all the planets. Famously, the failure to predict the orbit of Uranus in the 19th century did not lead to the rejection of Newton's Law. Instead, it lead to the rejection of the hypothesis that there are only seven planets in our solar system. The investigations that followed led to the discovery of an eighth planet, Neptune. If a test fails, something is wrong. But there is a problem in figuring out what that something is: a missing planet, badly calibrated test equipment, an unsuspected curvature of space, etc.

One consequence of the Duhem-Quine thesis is that any theory can be made compatible with any empirical observation by the addition of extra (ad hoc) hypotheses. This is why science uses Occam's Razor; hypotheses without justification are eliminated. This led Karl Popper, to reject naïve falsification in favor of 'survival of the fittest', or most falsifiable, of scientific theories. In Popper's view, any hypothesis that does not make testable predictions is simply not science. Such a hypothesis may be useful or valuable, but it cannot be said to be science. W.V. Quine thought that empirical data are not enough to make a judgment between theories. In this view, a theory can always be made to fit with the available empirical data. However, this does not necessarily imply that all theories are of equal value, because scientists often use guiding principles such as Occam's Razor.

One result of this view is that specialists in the philosophy of science stress the requirement that observations made for the purposes of science be restricted to "intersubjective" objects. That is, science is restricted to those areas where there is general agreement on the nature of the observations involved. It is comparatively easy to agree on observations of physical phenomena, harder to agree on observations of social or mental phenomena, and difficult in the extreme to reach agreement on matters of theology or ethics (and thus the latter remain outside the normal purview of science).

Is there any scientific method at all? Paul Feyerabend argued that no description of scientific method could possibly encompass all the approaches and methods used by scientists. Feyerabend objected to prescriptive scientific method on the grounds that any such method would stifle and cramp scientific progress. Feyerabend claimed, "the only principle that does not inhibit progress is: "anything goes"".

Thomas Kuhn denied that it is ever possible to isolate the hypothesis being tested from the influence of the theory in which the observations are grounded. He argued that observations always rely on a specific paradigm, and that it is not possible to evaluate competing paradigms independently. By "paradigm" he meant a consistent "portrait" of the world, one that involves no logical contradictions and that is consistent with observations made from the point of view of the paradigm. More than one such logically consistent construct can paint a usable likeness of the world, but there is no common ground from which to pit two against each other, theory against theory. Neither is a standard by which the other can be judged. Instead, the question is which "portrait" is judged by some set of people to promise the most useful in terms of scientific "puzzle solving".

For Kuhn, the choice of paradigm was sustained by, but not ultimately determined by, logical processes. The individual's choice between paradigms involves setting two or more "portraits" against the world and deciding which likeness is most promising. In the case of a general acceptance of one paradigm or another, Kuhn believed that it represented the consensus of the community of scientists. Acceptance or rejection of some paradigm is, he argued, a social process as much as a logical process. Kuhn's position, however, is not one of relativism. According to Kuhn, a paradigm shift occurs when a number of observational anomalies (problems) in the old paradigm have made the new paradigm more useful. That is, the choice of a new paradigm is based on observations, even though those observations are made against the background of the old paradigm. A new paradigm is chosen because it does a better job of solving scientific problems than the old one.

The fact that observation is embedded in theory does not mean observations are irrelevant to science. Scientific understanding derives from observation, but the acceptance of scientific statements is dependent on the related theoretical paradigm as well as on observation. Of course, further testing may resolve differences of opinion.



Volterra

Volterra is a town in the Tuscany region of Italy. It is in the province of Pisa. Volterra was once one of the 12 cities in Etruria. In the middle ages it was an independent city until it was conquered by the Florentines and then the Medicis. It has its own cathedral, and is built on top of an ancient volcanic hill.

The city was a Neolithic settlement and an important Etruscan center. It became a "municipium" (a type of Roman city) in the Roman Age. Volterra was attacked and controlled by Florence many times. When the Florentian Republic fell in 1530, Volterra came under the control of the Medici family. It later became part of the Grand Duchy of Tuscany.

The original Etruscan city walls remain in parts, and the remains of the Roman baths, aqueduct and amphitheatre (arena). Visitors to Volterra have to leave their cars outside the town walls, in car parks.


The Medici Villa di Spedaletto is located outside the city in direction of Lajatico. Also near the city, in the Valle Bona area, are excavations of Etruscan tombs.



Dynamic random-access memory

Dynamic random access memory is the most commonly used form of RAM.

DRAM is called dynamic (or active), because it must be refreshed all the time or it will lose the data which it is supposed to be storing. Because it loses data when power is removed, DRAM is called volatile. This word comes from the Latin adjective "volātilis", which means "flying, fleeting, transitory".

Refreshing DRAM means "reading" the data "from" the DRAM and directly "writing" them "back" to the DRAM.
DRAM is made up of millions of very small capacitors. Each of these capacitors has a transistor to let energy in and out. The capacitor slowly loses energy, and if the DRAM is not refreshed, in the end one or more of the capacitors will let so much energy out, that for example a 1 will become a 0, so data will be lost or corrupted. Almost all computers refresh their DRAM many times per second. 

DRAM is often compared to SRAM (Static RAM). SRAM is able to store data as long as power/energy is used. There is no need to refresh it. SRAM can also be faster than DRAM. But SRAM is much more expensive than DRAM. Also, SRAM uses more electric power and heats up much faster than DRAM.
DRAM and SRAM lose the data when the power to them is turned off, unlike non-volatile random-access memory. 

Touchpad

A touchpad (also called a trackpad) is a type of input device for computers that does the same things as a computer mouse. It is made up of a flat, touch-sensitive surface which the user slides one or more fingers on to move the cursor on the screen. Next to the touchpad are push-buttons that work just like mouse buttons, including left-clicking and right-clicking. In some newer touchpads, there are no actual buttons, and clicking is done by pushing near the button of the touchpad itself.

Unlike computer mice, touchpads stay in one place when they are being used. This makes it easy to build them into hardware. They are mostly found on laptop computers because, when the user is travelling, sometimes he or she cannot use a mouse. But most laptops do allow the user is able to attach (connect) a separate mouse. Besides laptops, touchpads are also more and more used on mobile devices with a GUI, including MP3 players (a well-known one being the iPod) and mobile phones (such as the BlackBerry). However, touchpads on today's mobile devices such as smartphones and tablet computers have been replaced with the touchscreen, which is used much like a touchpad except the screen is built into the touch-sensitive surface itself so that no mouse cursor is needed. One can just touch anywhere on the surface to choose what is on the screen at that part.

Most touchpads have the function of tapping, which imitates the left-click button on a mouse. New models of touchpads often do more things because they can respond to the pressure of more than one finger. This is called multi-touch and makes it possible to do things like scroll though, zoom in and out, and rotate a page or part of the screen. The user can choose and change which functions happen if the user does certain moves. For example, the normal function for tapping on the pad is the left-click on the mouse. The user can change it in the settings section to the right-click of the mouse, if the user likes it better.


Fingerprint scanner

Fingerprint scanners are security systems of biometrics. They are used to unlock doors and in other security applications. During the 2010s fingerprint scanners became commonplace on mobile phones.

People have a pattern of ridges on their fingers. This fingerprint cannot be removed or changed. Every fingerprint is different from any other in the world. Because there are countless combinations, fingerprints are much used for identification.

They are based on the oldest technique, that consists of placing your finger on a glass surface or a prism that is illuminated by a led diode. When the ridges of fingerprints touch the surface, the light is absorbed, while between these crests a total reflection occurs. The resulting light and dark areas are recorded in an image sensor. 

In practice there are some difficulties with this technique: wet and dry fingers make very different images, and the system is sensitive to dust and dirt on the surface. The unit is large and expensive. This system is also easy to cheat and if the skin is damaged, the fingerprint is not recognized correctly. The recognition of the fingerprint of older people is also difficult to do because their skin may not be elastic enough. In some circumstances this may result in false recognition. If the stored fingerprint was taken with less pressure, false acceptances may occur.

The sensor is a silicon integrated circuit with a surface that is covered by a large number of transducer elements (or pixels), with a typical resolution of 500 dpi. Each element contains two adjacent metal electrodes. The capacitance between the electrodes, which forms a feedback path for an inverting amplifier, is reduced when the finger is applied to said surface: it is further reduced when it detects ridges and less reduced when it detects the space between them.

The sensor is susceptible to electrostatic discharge. These sensors only work with normal healthy skins, they are not operative being used on skins with hard areas, calluses or scars. Moisture, grease or dust can also affect its operation.

It consists of tens of thousands of tiny pressure transducers that are mounted on the surface of the sensor. An alternative design uses switches that are closed when pressed by a ridge, but that stay open when they are under a valley. This only provides one bit of information per pixel, instead of working with a gray scale.

In this case the heat driven by the finger is detected, which is greater when there is a ridge than when there is a valley. A silicon component has been developed with a matrix of pixels called "FingerChip", that is, "finger integrated circuit", each of which is covered with a layer of pyroelectric material in which a change in temperature translates into a change in the load distribution of its surface. The image is in the gray scale that has the right quality even with the finger worn, with dirt, with grease or with humidity. The sensor has a robust protective layer and can provide a dynamic output.

Most of the sensors described have been altered in the past. To avoid this, a new operating mode has been added. Instead of simply placing your finger statically on the sensor, the finger moves slowly along it. The sensor only has a narrow sensitive area, and generates a complete sequence of images, which can be reassembled, by means of a processor, in a complete image. The benefits are improved appreciably and the elimination of any residual grease is guaranteed.

The most important use area is in access control for computers. This is especially important for laptops and PDAs. Thanks to the price falling, more and more devices are equipped with sensors. Other devices with built-in fingerprint sensors include USB hard drives, USB memory modules and card readers. They are also available in mice and keyboards. 

Sensors are increasingly used to secure financial transactions and change machines for "online" banking. In the future, the owner's fingerprint will be stored securely on identity cards and credit cards and may also be used for authentication of emails using digital signatures.

Direct physical access to rooms and devices can also be ensured by coupling fingerprint sensors with door opening systems.

There are two construction forms: the stagnant and the moving fingerprint scanner.


324 Bamberga

324 Bamberga is the 16th biggest asteroid in the Main asteroid belt. It was found by Johann Palisa on February 25, 1892 in Vienna, making it one of the last big (diameter over 200 km) asteroids found. Apart from the near-earth asteroid Eros, it was the last asteroid which is "ever" easily visible with binoculars to be found.

Although its very high orbital eccentricity means its opposition magnitude varies a lot, at a rare opposition near perihelion Bamberga can reach a magnitude of +8.0, which is as bright as Saturn's moon Titan. Such near-perihelion oppositions happen on a regular cycle every twenty-two years, with the last happening in 1991 and the next in 2013. Its brightness at these rare near-perihelion oppositions makes Bamberga the "brightest C-type asteroid", about one magnitude brighter than 10 Hygiea's maximum brightness of around +9.1. At such an opposition Bamberga can in fact be closer to Earth than any main belt asteroid with magnitude above +9.5, getting as close as 0.78 AU. For comparison, 7 Iris never comes closer than 0.85 AU and 4 Vesta never closer than 1.13 AU when it becomes visible to the naked eye in a pollution-free sky.

Overall Bamberga is the tenth brightest main belt asteroid after, in order, Vesta, Pallas, Ceres, Iris, Hebe, Juno, Melpomene, Eunomia and Flora. Its high eccentricity (for comparison 36% higher than that of Pluto), though, means that at most oppositions other asteroids reach higher magnitudes.

It has an unusually long rotation period among the big asteroids. Its spectral class is between the C-type and P-type asteroids.

An occultation of Bamberga was seen on 8 December, 1987, and gave a diameter of about 228 km, in agreement with IRAS results.

Dalpe

Dalpe is a municipality of the district Leventina in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.


Faido

Faido is the capital of the district of Leventina in the Italian-speaking canton of Ticino in southern Switzerland.

It has about 1,600 people and lies in the Leventina valley.
The municipality was first noted in 1171 as "Faedo".

In the spring of 2004, the people voted for merging the neighboring municipalities of Chiggiogna, Osco, Mairengo, Calpiogna, Campello, Rossura, Calonico, Anzonico, Cavagnago, and Sobrio. Most of the municipalities did not want to do that, and the new municipality contains only the municipalities of Faido, Chiggiogna, Rossura, and Calonico. On 1 April 2012, the former municipalities of Anzonico, Calpiogna, Campello, Cavagnago, Chironico, Mairengo and Osco merged into the municipality. On 10 April 2016, Sobrio merged into the municipality.


Frasco

Frasco was a municipality of the district Locarno in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.

On 17 October 2020, the former municipalities of Brione (Verzasca), Corippo, Frasco, Sonogno and Vogorno merged to form the new municipality of Verzasca.


Gerra (Gambarogno)

Gerra (Gambarogno) was a municipality of the district Locarno in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland. On 25 April 2010, the former municipalities of Caviano, Contone, Gerra Gambarogno, Indemini, Magadino, Piazzogna, San Nazzaro, Sant'Abbondio and Vira Gambarogno merged to form the new municipality of Gambarogno.

Gerra (Verzasca)

Gerra (Verzasca) was a municipality of the district Locarno in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland. On 20 April 2008, the former municipalities of Cugnasco and Gerra (Verzasca) merged to form the new municipality of Cugnasco-Gerra.


Ghirone

Ghirone was a municipality of the district Blenio in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland. On 22 October 2006, the former municipalities of Aquila, Campo (Blenio), Ghirone, Olivone and Torre merged to form the new municipality of Blenio.

It is no longer a municipality.

Giornico

Giornico is a municipality of the district Leventina in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.


Giubiasco

Giubiasco was a municipality of the district Bellinzona in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.

On 2 April 2017, the former municipalities of Camorino, Claro, Giubiasco, Gnosca, Gorduno, Gudo, Moleno, Monte Carasso, Pianezzo, Preonzo, Sant'Antonio and Sementina merged into the municipality of Bellinzona.


Gnosca

Gnosca was a municipality, in the municipality of Bellinzona and the district Bellinzona in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.

Gordevio

Gordevio was a municipality of the district of Vallemaggia in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland. On 20 April 2008, Avegno and Gordevio merged to form the new municipality of Avegno Gordevio.


Gordola

Gordola is a municipality of the district Locarno in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland. The town was the first time mentioned in a document in 1200.


Giaches de Wert

Giaches de Wert (pronounce: JYA-kes de VERT) (born Flanders, 1535; died Mantua, 6 May 1596) was a Flemish composer who lived and worked in Italy. He was one of the most important composers of madrigals in the Renaissance period.

We know very little about his childhood. Even some of the things about his adult life we are not sure about. He was born in Flanders, possibly in Ghent. When he was a boy he was taken to Italy and he stayed there for the rest of his life.

As a boy he was a singer in the household of Maria di Cardona, Marchesa of Padulla, near Naples. As a young man he lived in Novellara. He married there, and he had at least six children.

Later he went to live in Milan where he had the job of maestro di capella (music director). He stayed there until 1565. Some letters he wrote during that time have survived. They describe life at the court where he worked.

In 1565 he went to work for the Gonzaga in Mantua and became choir master at the ducal chapel of S. Barbara where he stayed until 1592. A lot of people were jealous of his good job, especially a man called Bonvicino who made life difficult for him. It was then found that Bonvicino was having a love affair with de Wert’s wife, so she had to go back to live in Novellara.

De Wert was becoming a very well known composer. He was offered a job at the emperor’s palace in Prague, but he did not take it. He travelled to work in various places such as Parma and Novellara. In Novellara his wife was found to have been plotting against the Gonzaga of Novellara. She was put in prison where she later died. There were long arguments in the law court about who should have her property. In the end, de Wert was given a third of her possessions, and he was given the right to let his children inherit the money.

He worked in Ferrara where he had a love affair with a lady who was of aristocratic birth. Since he was only a musician he was only a servant, so the lady was sent away from the court.

In his later years he worked for the court at Mantua where the music had become very good because the new ruler, Vincenzo Gonzaga, was very interested in music. De Wert composed music for the theatre. His health became poor. He suffered from malaria during the early 1580s. He died in Mantua and was buried in the crypt at S Barbara.

De Wert wrote over 230 madrigals and other secular works. These were later published in 16 volumes. He also wrote over 150 sacred pieces (motets, hymns etc.) which showed how well he could write counterpoint. 

His madrigals were very modern for their time. The music was very daring in the way it described the words. He sometimes used small groups of singers to contrast with one another like a musical conversation. He was a great influence on later madrigal composers such as Monteverdi and Gesualdo. 


San Gimignano

San Gimignano is a small hill town in the province of Siena, Tuscany, Italy. San Gimignano is famous for the medieval towers, and for the wine, called "Vernaccia di San Gimignano".

San Gimignano was founded as a small village in about 1300 BC by the Etruscans. The city is named after Saint Geminianus, who defended it from Attila the Hun in the mid 5th century.

In medieval and Renaissance times, it was a stopping point for pilgrims on their way to Rome and the Vatican as it sits on the medieval via Francigena.

In 1199, during the period of its highest splendour, the city made itself independent from Volterra.

There are many churches in the town: the two main ones are the "Collegiata", a cathedral, and "Sant'Agostino".

The Communal Palace is now the home of San Gimignano Gallery. Hhere there are works by Pinturicchio, Benozzo Gozzoli, Filippino Lippi, Domenico di Michelino, Pier Francesco Fiorentino, and others. 

The heart of the town contains the four squares, "Piazza della Cisterna", "Piazza Duomo", "Piazza Pecori", and "Piazza delle Erbe". 

San Gimignano is the birthplace of the poet Folgore da San Gimignano (1270-1332).

"Tea with Mussolini", a 1999 drama about English and American women in Italy during World War II, was filmed in part at San Gimignano.

Federal Ministry of Food and Agriculture (Germany)

The Federal Ministry of Food and Agriculture is a ministry of the Federal Republic of Germany. Its headquarters are in Bonn, but it has a second seat in Berlin.

The Ministry was formed on 22 November 2005.
The ministry has two "parliamentary permanent secretaries", Gerd Müller, CSU and Ursula Heinen, CDU, and the top civil servant is Gert Lindemann. He is the "established permanent secretary".

The ministry’s work is done in six departments

The ministry organizes the nationwide competition "Our Village has a Future".

Gorduno

Gorduno was a municipality, in the municipality of Bellinzona and the district Bellinzona in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.


Grancia

Grancia is a municipality of the district Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.


Gravesano

Gravesano is a municipality of the district Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.


ACF Fiorentina

ACF Fiorentina "(Associazione Calcio Fiorentina)", often called Fiorentina, is an Italian professional football club from Florence, Tuscany, and was founded in 1926.

Fiorentina have won the Serie A twice, first in 1955/56 then again in 1968/69, as well as winning six Coppa Italia trophies. On the European stage Fiorentina have won the UEFA Cup Winners' Cup in 1960/61, they finished runners-up in the UEFA Cup 1989/90 and they also came close to winning the biggest European prize, finishing as runners-up in the European Cup during 1956/57.


Fiorentina is known by the nickname "La viola"; a reference to their distinctive purple colours.

August 26 1926 - With the fusion of "Palestra Ginnastica Fiorentina (P.G.F.) Libertas" and "Club Sportivo Firenze", Fiorentina was born.

1939 - 1940 - Fiorentina wins their first cup, the Coppa Italia.

1955 - 1956 - FIorentina win their first "Scudetto", (the Italian championship).

1920 - 1961 - 2th "Scudetto" is won by Fiorentina.

After the second "Scudetto", Fiorentina won the Cup Winners' Cup.

1960 - the club win the "Coppa Italia" and the Mitropa Cup

1974 - the "Viola" win the Anglo-Italian League Cup.

1975 - the team won another "Coppa Italia".

1993 - 1994 - Fiorentina were relegated to the Serie B (second division).

Afterwards the team return to the Serie A

1996 - Fiorentina gained their 3rd "Coppa Italia".

2000 - Fiorentina win the "Italian Super Coppa".

2001 -2005 - The team is struck by financial problems, and are moved to the bottom of Italian Football. They then work their way back up to the Serie A.



Gresso

Gresso was a municipality of the district Locarno in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.

The municipality was made in 1882 by splitting from the municipality of Vergeletto. On 10 April 2016, the former municipalities of Gresso, Isorno, Mosogno and Vergeletto merged to form the municipality of Onsernone.

Gudo

Gudo was a municipality of the district Bellinzona in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.

On 2 April 2017, the former municipalities of Camorino, Claro, Giubiasco, Gnosca, Gorduno, Gudo, Moleno, Monte Carasso, Pianezzo, Preonzo, Sant'Antonio and Sementina merged into the municipality of Bellinzona.


Indemini

Indemini was a municipality of the district Locarno in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland. On 25 April 2010, the former municipalities of Caviano, Contone, Gerra Gambarogno, Indemini, Magadino, Piazzogna, San Nazzaro, Sant'Abbondio and Vira Gambarogno merged to form the new municipality of Gambarogno.


Intragna, Switzerland

Intragna was a municipality of the district Locarno in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland. On 25 October 2009, the former municipalities of Borgnone, Intragna and Palagnedra merged into the new municipality of Centovalli.

Iragna

Iragna was a municipality of the district Riviera in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland. On 2 April 2017, the former municipalities of Cresciano, Iragna, Lodrino and Osogna merged into the new municipality of Riviera.

Iseo, Switzerland

Iseo was a municipality of the district Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland. It was incorporated into the "comune" of Bioggio in 2008.

Isone

Isone is a municipality of the district Bellinzona in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.

Isorno

Isorno was a municipality of the district Locarno in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.

The former municipality was created in 2001 by a merger of Auressio, Berzona and Loco. On 10 April 2016, the former municipalities of Gresso, Isorno, Mosogno and Vergeletto merged to form the municipality of Onsernone.

Lamone

Lamone is a municipality in Lugano in Ticino canton in Switzerland.

Lavertezzo

Lavertezzo is a municipality of the district Locarno in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.

Lavizzara

Lavizzara is a municipality of the district Vallemaggia in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.

The municipality was created in 2004 by a merger of Broglio, Brontallo, Fusio, Menzonio, Peccia and Prato-Sornico.


Ligornetto

Ligornetto was a municipality of the district Mendrisio in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland. On 14 April 2013, the former municipalities of Besazio, Ligornetto and Meride merged into the municipality of Mendrisio.


Linescio

Linescio is a municipality of the district Vallemaggia in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.

Federal Ministry for Economic Affairs and Climate Action

The Federal Ministry for Economic Affairs and Climate Action (formerly the Federal Ministry of Economics and Technology, ) is a Federal Ministry of the Federal Republic of Germany. It was founded 1949 as the Federal Ministry of the Economy.

It was combined in May 1971 with the Federal Ministry of Finance to make the Federal Ministry of Economics and Finance. This joining only lasted until December 1972.

In 1998 the technology area of the Ministry of Research and Development was given to the ministry so that it was called Federal Ministry of Economics and Technology. It was joined with the Federal Ministry of Labour and Social Affairs to make the Federal Ministry of Economics and Labour between 2002 and 2005.

The new Federal Government of Angela Merkel split the two areas so that there is a Federal Ministry of Economics and Technology again.

The ministry has had many names
To do its job, the ministry is divided into nine departments, the central division deals with administration, the other divisions deal with a certain area of policy. There are also some independent agencies which report to the ministry



Economics 1949 to 1998 (1971/72: Federal Ministry of Economics and Finance)

The ministry had many junior ministers, one who has gone on to a more important political job is Norbert Lammert, CDU, who was parliamentary permanent secretary between 1994 and 1997. Lammert became President of the Bundestag in 2005

Of the ministry's top civil servants, called the "established permanent secretary", Klaus von Dohnanyi is best known. He was established permanent secretary in 1968 and 1969. He is a famous economist and was "First Mayor" of Hamburg

Federal Minister for Economy and Technology 1998 to 2002

Federal Minister for Economics and Labour 2002 to 2005

Federal Minister for Economics and Technology since 2005

Federal Minister for Economic Affairs and Energy, since 2013

The main headquarters of the ministry is in Invalidenstraße in Berlin-Mitte. It is number of buildings which used to be the Kaiser Wilhelm academy (armed forces medical school) and the old hospital. The second headquarters of the ministry is the old Gallwitz barracks in Bonn-Duisdorf.

Federal Ministry of Education and Research (Germany)

The Federal Ministry of Education and Research () (BMBF) is a Federal Ministry of the Federal Republic of Germany. The headquarters of the Ministry are in the so-called "cross buildings" (Kreuzbauten) in Bonn, a second office is in Berlin.

The Federal Ministry of Education and Science was founded as the "Federal Ministry for Nuclear Affairs" on October 20, 1955. It was renamed the "Federal Ministry of Nuclear Affairs and Water-supply and Distribution" in 1957, and again in 1962 to Federal Ministry of Scientific Research.

It became the "Federal Ministry for Education and Science" in 1969 which it kept 1994 up to the reunification with the Federal Ministry of Research and Technology.
The Federal Ministry of Research and Technology had been founded only 1972.

The Ministry got its present name in 1998.


Locarno

Locarno is the capital of the Locarno district in the Swiss canton of Ticino.


Lodrino, Ticino

Lodrino was a municipality of the district Riviera in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland. On 2 April 2017, the former municipalities of Cresciano, Iragna, Lodrino, and Osogna merged to form the new municipality of Riviera.

Losone

Losone is a municipality of the district Locarno in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.


New Musical Express

The New Musical Express (better known as the NME) is an Indie and pop music magazine in the United Kingdom. It was published every week from March 1952. It was the first British magazine to include a singles chart.

The magazine's first issue was published on 7 March 1952. It was like a newspaper. 

During the 1960s, the magazine championed the new British groups emerging at the time. The Beatles and The Rolling Stones were on the front cover a lot. They would also be at the NME Poll Winners Concert, an awards event that featured artists voted as most popular by the NME's readers. The concert also had an awards ceremony where the winners would collect their awards. In the later part of the 1960s, the magazine began to report about psychedelia.

In early 1972, the magazine was nearly closed. A new person became editor and it changed radically to something intended to be smarter, hipper, more cynical and funnier than any mainstream British music paper had previously been (an approach influenced mainly by writers).

In mid-1973, the paper was selling nearly 300,000 copies per week and was outselling its other weekly rivals, "Melody Maker, Disc", "Record Mirror" and "Sounds".

1976 saw Punk Rock arrive on the music scene and "NME", like other "specialist" publications, was slow in reporting and covering this new music phenomenon. In an attempt to boost sales, the paper advertised for a pair of ""hip young gunslingers"" to join their editorial staff. This resulted in the recruitment of two journalists, Julie Burchill and Tony Parsons, who made sure the magazine was completely up to date on this new music style. Bands who a few months previously had been criticising the "NME" were now eager to be included.

The magazine also became more openly political during the time of Punk. Its cover would sometimes feature youth-oriented issues rather than a musical act.

Sales were dropping, and by 1985 "NME" had hit a rough patch and was in danger of closing again. During this period, the editors at the magazine were split between those who wanted to write about hip hop, a genre that was relatively new to the UK, and those who wanted to stick to rock music. Sales were apparently lower when photos of hip hop artists appeared on the front and this led to the paper suffering as the lack of direction became even more apparent to readers.

The late eighties and early nineties had a generally weak rock scene in the UK and the paper was forced into giving a high profile to long forgotten bands like Kingmaker and the Railway Children.

By the end of 1990, although the magazine still supported new British bands, the paper was dominated by American bands, because that was what the music scene in general was about.

Although the period from 1991 to 1993 was dominated by American bands like Nirvana, this did not mean that British bands were being ignored. The "NME" still covered the Indie scene a lot.

By 1992, some new British bands were beginning to appear. "Suede" were quickly hailed by the paper as an alternative to the heavy Grunge sound and hailed as the start of a new British music scene. Indie however was still the dominant force, but the rise of new British bands would become something the paper would focus more and more upon.

In April 1994 Nirvana frontman Kurt Cobain was found dead, a story which affected not only his fans and readers of the "NME", but would see a massive change in British music. Grunge was about to be replaced by Britpop, a new form of music influenced by British music of the 1960s and British culture. The word was coined by "NME" after the band Blur released their album "Parklife" in the month of Cobain's death. Britpop began to fill the musical and cultural void left after Cobain's death, and Blur's success, along with the rise of a new group from Manchester called Oasis saw Britpop gather popularity for the rest of 1994. By the end of the year Blur and Oasis were the two biggest bands in the UK and sales of the "NME" were increasing thanks to the Britpop effect. 1995 saw the "NME" cover many of these new bands and saw many of these bands play the "NME Stage" at that year's Glastonbury Festival where the magazine had been sponsoring the second stage at the festival since 1993.

The new millennium saw the "NME" focus on new British bands such as Franz Ferdinand and the Kaiser Chiefs who emerged as "indie music" continued to grow. This commercial success led to bands such as the Arctic Monkeys being both very successful and being championed by the NME; a phenomenon not seen since Britpop.

In December 2005 accusations were made that the "NME" end of year poll had been edited for commercial and political reasons. These criticisms were rebutted by McNicholas, who claimed that webzine Londonist.com had got hold of an early draft of the poll.

In 2006 NME won the CocaCola best magazine this century award.

The first website editor was Brendan Fitzgerald. Later Anthony Thornton redesigned the site, focusing on music news. The website was awarded Online Magazine Of The Year in 1999 and 2001 and Anthony Thornton was announced as Website Editor Of The Year on three occasions. It was awarded 'Best Music Website' at the Record Of The Day awards in October 2005. In 2006 NME.COM celebrated with a party at London's KOKO featuring Leicester band Kasabian and was awarded the BT Digital Music Award for Best Music Magazine and the first 'Chairman's Award' from the Association of Online Publishers awarded by the Chairman, Simon Waldman.

In 2007 NME.COM was launched in the USA with additional staff and plans to launch its Breaking Bands contest and the NME Awards across the Atlantic.

The site now provides news, reviews, gig listings, and videos as well as featuring downloads, merchandising and message boards. The website has shifted focus to also include tabloid gossip alongside its traditional music news with regular news articles entitled "Daily Ligger" and "Tabloid Hell."

In 2007 NME.com had a free download from the Verve, and it was the first songs the Verve released since they got back together.

Pedernales Province

Pedernales is a Dominican province; it is in the southwestern part of the country, on the border with Haiti. Its capital city has the same name, Pedernales.

It was created on 16 December 1957. It was a municipality of the Barahona province before being elevated to the category of province.

The province was named after the Pedernales river; this river forms the southern border between Haiti and the Dominican Republic. And the river is named Pedernales because the mineral flint () is common in the region.

Some native groups lived close to the coast and the River Pedernales before the conquest of the island by European people. But very few people has lived in the region, for most of its history, because it is a very dry region.

In his second travel to America, Christopher Columbus sighted and named part of the present island, including the Beata and Alto Velo islands, that are part of the province.

Until the 20th century, the only people living here were Haitians and many places have French names. Sometimes, during the Dominican-Haitian War (1844-1856), Haitian soldiers came across this region because there were not Dominican soldiers. The only fight between soldiers of the two countries in the territory of the present province was close to the "El Can" bay, near the town of Juancho, on 6 January 1856.

Since colonial times, the territory was part of the Azua province until it was changed to the Barahona when Barahona became a province in 1881. The province of Pedernales was created in 1957 with the municipalities of Pedernales, its capital, and Oviedo.

Juancho became a municipal district in 1998 and José Francisco Peña Gómez Oviedo in 2005.

The Pedernales province is in the southwest of the country. It is bordered to the north by the province of Independencia, to the northeast by Barahona, to the east, south and west by the Caribbean Sea. To the west Pedernales borders the Republic of Haiti.

In (last national census), there were people living in the Pedernales province, and 20,345 () living in towns and cities. The population density was persons/km².

Its population represents of the total population of the country and the province is ranked as the 32nd (out of 31 plus the National District) more populated province, the province with fewest people living in it and with the lowest population density.

, the total estimated propulation of the province is 33,755 inhabitants.

The largest city of the province is Pedernales, its head municipality or capital, with an urban population (in ) of 13,077 inhabitants.

The Pedernales province has a total area of . It has of the area of the Dominican Republic and it is ranked as the 7th (out of 31 plus the National District) largest province.

The province is in the Barahona Peninsula. The "Sierra de Bahoruco" ("Bahoruco mountain range") is in the northern half of the province; its highest mountain, and the highest mountain of the province, is "Loma del Toro", above sea level, in the limits with the Independencia province.

The rest of the province is formed by savannas and plains of limestone rocks. The savannas are close to the coast, as the Sansón Savanna in Oviedo and the Pedernales Savanna around the city of Pedernales.

Several small islands belong to the province. The main islands are Beata and Alto Velo.

The altitude of Pedernales, provincial capital, is above sea level.

The only important river is the Pedernales river, with its tributary Mulito. The Pedernales river marks the Dominican-Haitian border.

There are several lagoons (a lagoon is a small lake close to the sea) with brackish water. The most important is the "Laguna de Oviedo", on the eastern coast and near the town of Oviedo, with an area of . On the western coast, the most important lagoon is "Laguna Salada", with an area of .

The climate of the province is tropical, hot most of the year, but it is cooler on the mountains. It is very dry in the savannas and plains, with long droughts, but rains are common in the high mountains.

There are two municipalities and two municipal districts (M.D.) in the province.

As in all border provinces in the Dominican Republic, there is little economic development. The trade with Haiti is important, above all in the capital city. On the mountains, coffee and beans are important products. Potato, cabbage and other vegetables are produced in the Sierra de Bahoruco.

Fishing is also an important activity in the province, mainly close to the Beata Island, where lobster, conch and several kind of fishes are caught.

Because of the beautiful beaches of the western coast of the province, like "Bahía de las Águilas" ("Eagles Bay"), tourism is becoming an important economic activity. There are two of the largest national parks of the country: the "Jaragua National Park" and the "Sierra de Bahoruco National Park".

The development of the province was produced by the mining of bauxite (an aluminium ore) but, since 1984, it has changed to the mining of limestone to send to other countries and for a cement factory.

Wolfenstein 3D

Wolfenstein 3D is a 1992 first person shooter computer video game. The game was created by id Software. It was released for the PC on May 5, 1992. It was later released for many other systems including Apple computers and Nintendo's SNES console and Game Boy Advance handheld system. "Wolfenstein 3D" was one of the first first person shooter games. It is said to have created much of the popularity in this type of game. The game was based on the 1980s Muse Software computer games "Castle Wolfenstein" and "Beyond Castle Wolfenstein".

In "Wolfenstein 3D", the player controls an American soldier named BJ Blazkowicz. The player is trying to get out of a building controlled by Nazis during World War II. The player must avoid guards and dogs while looking for the way out. Food, medical supplies, ammunition and weapons can be found along the way to help the player.

There are four types of weapons in the game:

Because of the use of Nazi symbols and music in the game, "Wolfenstein 3D" was banned in Germany. This was because it broke German laws. People also complained about the player having to shoot dogs in the game.


Deceiver

Deceiver is the fourth album by American musician Chris Thile, which was released in 2004. The album uses thirty-nine different instruments, which were all played by Thile alone. Some of the instruments played on the album include mandolin, piano, bass guitar, electric guitar, violin, and different types of percussion instruments. In 2005, the album was nominated a Grammy Award, for "Best Engineered Album, Non-Classical" to "Deceiver"'s engineers, Thile and Gary Paczosa.

In an interview from 2007, Chris Thile described what he had in plan for "Deceiver": 


All songs on "Deceiver" were written by Chris Thile.


Mỹ Trạch massacre

The My Trach Massacre was the murder of many people in My Trach Village, My Thuy Commune, Le Thuy District, Quảng Bình Province, Vietnam. The massacre took place on 29 November 1947 between 2:00 a.m. and 12:00 p.m. Soldiers of the French army killed nearly half of the 320 people who lived in the village. Many of the civilians who were killed were women, old people and children.

Sydney Harbour anti-submarine boom net

The Anti-submarine boom net was used to stop enemy submarines entering Sydney Harbour during World War II. The net went all the way across the harbour from Green Point, Watson's Bay to Georges Head on the other side. The boom was part of the Sydney Harbour defences which also included artillery batteries and patrol boats.

In January 1942, the Australian defence forces began to build the anti-submarine boom net; it was finished in August 1942. For more than three years, entry by boats, ships and ferries into Sydney Harbour was through one of three different gates that were a part of the anti-submarine boom net.

On 31 May 1942, during WWII, three Japanese submarines tried to get into the harbour. The first submarine to try and come in was the M27. Lieutenant Jahai Chuma was the man in charge of this submarine. The M27 followed a Sydney ferry through the gate on its way to Manly, but it got caught in the western end of the net's middle section. Lieutenant Chuma, tried to free his submarine by using a special tool that cuts metal, but this only made things worse. By 8:30pm the watchman for the Maritime Service Board, James Cargill, went to see what was happening. He used a boat to row across to where the submarine was stuck. Very surprised at finding a Japanese submarine, Cargill called naval headquarters with his two way radio. At first the navy did not believe that there was a Japanese Midget submarine caught in the boom net. It took him two hours to get them to believe him.

By 10:27pm, Chuma knew that he had been discovered, so he blew up the submarine using bombs, killing himself and his crew. The two other submarines got through the boom net, which at the time was not quite finished. They attacked shipping for many hours before they were destroyed as well.

In August 1945, the boom net was taken away. By early 1946, only the dolphin structure was left. The base of the winch house is the only remaining part of the anti-submarine boom net. It can still be seen at Green Point.

Eurotrash (term)

Eurotrash is an American English slang term to describe stereotypical Europeans. These words often will cause rage to Europeans.


List of leaders of dependent territories

This page lists the main local rulers: rulers of dependencies and of the main administrative divisions (autonomous regions, insular or peninsular regions, successors of historical regions or regions with strong identity, regions in the news, etc.)

For national rulers, i.e. heads of state and heads of government (and, in certain cases, de facto leaders not occupying either of those formal positions or prime ministers who are not heads of government...) of the 194 states usually recognized like that (192 UN members + Vatican City + Taiwan), of 10 other national entities (quasi and unrecognized states), and of 7 in exile and/or alternative governments (only in exile governments that exercised power or succeeded governments that exercised power) : 


Virgin Islands (disambiguation)

The Virgin Islands are an island group in the Caribbean. It could also mean:


Adele

Adele Laurie Blue Adkins (born 5 May 1988) is an English singer, songwriter, musician and multi-instrumentalist. In 2023, she appeared at number 22 on the "Rolling Stone" magazine's "200 best singers of all time" list.

Adele Laurie Blue Adkins was born on 5 May 1988, at North Middlesex University Hospital in Edmonton, London. She is the daughter of a Welshman named Mark Evans and Penny Adkins. She has a half-brother called Cameron. She lived with her father and she started singing from the age of four, She graduated from The BRIT School in Croydon in May 2006. 

In July 2006, Adele published two songs in the fourth issue of online arts magazine PlatformsMagazine.com. After graduation, Adele began to play small shows at venues all over Britain. She has also toured with best friend Jack Peñate, as well as Jamie T, Raul Midon, Devendra Banhart, Amos Lee and Keren Ann since summer 2006. Adele went on her first UK headlining tour in October 2007.

Adele's first single released was "Hometown Glory""." On it, she sings about Tottenham. The single was released on 22 October 2007 on Jamie T's label Pacemaker Recordings. It is a limited edition 7" vinyl with B-side "Best for Last". She has since signed to independent music label XL Recordings. In January 2008, she released her second single "Chasing Pavements""."

Adele has become quite popular on MySpace. She is following the example of fellow Londoner Lily Allen by using the web as a mediafocus and a place to see what people think of her songs. Adele performed "Daydreamer" on BBC2's "Later With Jools Holland," alongside Paul McCartney and Björk. She was next on BBC1's "Friday Night with Jonathan Ross" on 7 December 2007, singing "Chasing Pavements."

On 10 December 2007, Adele was awarded with the first BRIT Awards Critics’ Choice prize. She has been called the "new Amy Winehouse." In January 2008, she was voted winner in the annual BBC 6 Music poll of industry experts "Sound of 2008," for acts to emerge in the coming year.

In 2011 Adele released her second album, "21", named after her age at the time it was made. It was number one in more than 26 countries. It became the biggest selling album of the 21st century.

Her third studio album, "25", was released on 20 November 2015 and debuted at number one all around the world. The music video for the lead single "Hello", which also debuted at number one in many countries, broke the record for the shortest amount of time for a YouTube video to reach one billion views. The song was also certified 4× Platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America faster than any other song in history. To date, it has been certified 7× Platinum by the RIAA.

Adele returned to music in October 2021 and announced her fourth album, "30" and the single "Easy on Me", which was released on 15 October 2021, and was her first single after five years. The album was released on 19 November 2021.

In 2022, she announced that she will sing the theme song for the upcoming Nick Jr. series "Destiny's Side" which premiered on December 1, 2022.

She has a son, Angelo, with her then-boyfriend, Simon Konecki, born in October 19, 2012. In 2013 she won an Academy Award and Golden Globe Award for Best Original Song and the Brit Award for Best British Single for the title track for the James Bond movie "Skyfall". The song also won the award for Best Song for Visual Media at the Grammy Awards.

On December 19, 2013, Adele was given an MBE by the Prince of Wales.

In 2017, Adele confirmed that she is married to Konecki. In April 2019, it was reported that the two ended their marriage.


The Grammy Awards are awarded each year by the National Academy of Recording Arts and Sciences of the United States for outstanding achievements in the music industry. Some think they are the highest music honor.

As of February 13, 2017, Adele has received 15 Grammy Awards from 18 nominations. In 2012, Adele became the second female artist to win six awards in one night, after Beyoncé did in 2010. Adele is only the second artist (following Christopher Cross) to have won all four of the General Field ("Big Four") awards at the Grammys.

Hair straightening

Hair straightening is when a person makes their hair straighter. Their hair may be curly, wavy, or almost straight. There are methods to make even very curly hair straighter.

There are two different types of straightening: temporary and permanent. Temporary hair straightening keeps the hair straight until it gets wet or damp again, so only lasts for up to a few days. Permanent hair straightening keeps the hair straight for up to a few months, even when the hair gets wet.

A person can temporarily straighten their hair using:

A person can permanently straighten their hair using:


Hair iron

A hair iron or hair tong is something people use to change the shape of the hair by heating it. There are three types of hair iron: 

In 1872, Marcel Grateau (a Parisian) used heated rods to curl or style hair.

In 1893, Ada Harris, a school teacher from Indianapolis, applied for a patent for the hair straightener. The hair straightener was a device “heated like a curling iron” with two flat faces held together by a hinge . It was said that when the faces press the hair, it will become straight.” Harris's invention also had a comb, which would keep different parts of the hair separated.

Simon E. Monroe patented a hair straightener in 1906 that was like a metal comb.

In 1909, Issac K. Shero patented a hair straightener made of two irons that are heated and put together around the hair.

Years later, Sharrell made heated metal tools, for example: hot combs. The hot metal straightener went easily through the hair, making less damage and dryness than the way things were done before. Later, ceramic and electrical straighteners were made, meaning people could adjust the heat settings and straightener size.

Another method of hair straightening is Japanese hair straightening, which was invented in Japan, and works like a perm, but to straighten instead of curl the hair. It is now given at many salons but is quite expensive and must be re-done after it stops working.

Some better hair straighteners today have ceramic coated heating parts, which harm the hair less, and heat up faster than non-ceramic coated heating parts. Cheaper brands do not often have ceramic, but some have a paint-like coating that looks like ceramic plating. Cordless flat irons use lithium battery that can last up to 45 minutes, and other is heated by thermacell butane gas cartridge.

Lots of more expensive hair straighteners use ionic and infra red technology, which helps to keep moisture and oils in the hair, and to stop static and frizz.

Depending on the hair type, repeated use of hair straighteners, like most other heat styling tools, can cause varying amounts of damage such as split ends, thinning of the hair shaft and even causing hair to become brittle and prone to breakage. Generally, after extensive damage, hair will show signs of dryness and display an unhealthy appearance. However, many companies, such as L’Oréal and Tresemmé, have began to manufacture heat protection sprays and cream which aim to reduce the amount of damage that is caused by the use of straighteners.

Hair straighteners should only be used on dry hair, unless they are specially made with vents to let the moisture out. These sort of irons are usually called "Wet Dry" irons.

Based on the materials used in the heating plates, hair irons can be classified as ceramic, tourmaline and traditional metal flat iron. Ceramic hair irons are believed to be gentle to the hair.

Hair straighteners work by breaking the hair's hydrogen bonds, which are part of what make the hair curly. After the bonds are broken, the hair is stopped from going back to its original, natural, curly form. The hydrogen bonds can re-form if moisture touches them, such as water or dampness.


Intel Core

Intel Core is the name of a family of 32-bit dual-core microprocessors. It was made by the technology company Intel. Intel Core processors are based on Pentium M technology. Those processors are more advanced than Intel P6 processors. This architecture, or way to build a processor, is now replaced by Core 2 microarchitecture. In the Core family, there are two groups: the Duo (with two cores) and Solo (Duo with one disabled core). The Solo line replaced the Pentium M one-core processor.

In September of 2006 and January of 2008, Core CPUs stopped selling as much, as Intel released CPUs with newer technology.

Yonah is a company name for Intel's first generation of microprocessors for mobile computers. The Core Duo was released on 5 January 2006. It was the first Intel processor to be used in Apple Inc.'s Macintosh computers. Yonah does not have 64-bit function.

The Intel Core Duo has two cores, 2 Mebibytes of L2 cache for both cores, and an arbiter bus that controls the L2 cache and front side bus access.

The Intel Core Solo uses two-cores die as a Core Duo, but one core is turned off.


The duo version of Intel Core (Yonah) has two cores, which give performance per watt almost as good as single-core processors. In computer machines operating with batteries, this means getting as much total work done in one battery charge like in old computers.

The shortcomings of Intel Core (Yonah) are:

Core-based processor Intel Xeon Sossaman LV (low-voltage), for servers also does not have the Intel 64-bit function. All new server systems have support for x86-64, and Microsoft Exchange Server 2007 even requires a 64-bit processor to run.

On July 27, 2006, Intel released newer Core version Intel Core 2.



Geographer

A geographer is a scientist whose area of study is geography.

That is the study of Earth's physical environment and human habitat. 

Geographers are historically known as people who make maps. Nowadays map making is the field of study of cartography, a subset of geography. The geographer studies not only the physical details of the environment. He looks at the influence of this physical environment as well. Therefore he looks at human and wildlife ecologies, weather and climate patterns, economics, and culture. He will concentrate on the influence space has for relationships between these elements. 

The National Geographic Society sees five broad key themes for geographers:

Rod

Rod may mean:

Rod may also be:

Often as an abbreviation of such names as Roderick and Rodney:



Chakra

A chakra is an energy center in the human body as taught in Indian yoga and some related cultures. Chakras are also believed in by some New Age adherents. Chakra means ‘Aneel or wheel' in Sanskrit.

According to people who believe in their existence, a chakra is an area in the body connected with life energy. They say that there are seven chakras in the body - each is an interface for the flow of life energy. They say that a chakra vitalizes a physical body and is associated with interactions of a physical or mental nature. They also say that current science is not able to detect or measure chakras.

Although there are various interpretations as to what exactly a chakra is, the following features are common in all systems:
The seven main chakras are described as being present in an ascending column from the base of the spine to the head. The chakras are usually connected with a certain color. Each chakra is also connected with some part of consciousness.
The following seven primary chakras are commonly described:


<br>



Scalp

The scalp is the anatomical area between the face and the neck. 

It is usually described as having five layers, which can be remembered with the mnemonic "SCALP":

Maltese people

The Maltese people, or Maltese, are a nation and ethnic group native to Malta, an island country made of a group of seven islands in the Mediterranean Sea.

People have lived in Malta since around 5200 BC with the first people living there coming from Sicily. An important prehistoric Neolithic culture marked by Megalithic structures was on the islands, which were made a thousand years before the Pyramids of Giza, which means they were very old. The Phoenicians in the Mediterranean took over Malta from about 1000 BC, using the islands to expand their sea explorations and trade in the Mediterranean, until the Carthaginians took over and also expanded in the Mediterranean, but these were also defeated by the Romans in 216 BC.

Malta was then ruled by Byzantine, a Greek group that took over almost all of the Mediterranean, from the 4th to 9th century. Sometime around this point, the Vandals, a German tribe, ruled the islands. The islands were at one point invaded by the Arabs in AD 870. They allowed the people to believe in Christianity, and did not have children with the population, so they did not change much on the island, but they showed them citrus fruits and cotton, and water-moving systems. They hardly had any effect on the island or its people while they were there, but one thing that they did effect was the language. The Maltese language gained a lot from this.

From the advent of the Normans in 1090 to 1530, Malta was part of the 'Kingdom of Sicily'. This means that from 1091 to 1530, when the Order of St. John came to Malta, the original Sicilian population that moved there from Sicily in the beginning got bigger.

The French under the rule of Napoleon took over Malta in 1798. The British helped the Maltese to stop the French control two years later. The people of Malta were very happy that the British did this, and wanted Britain to rule it. As part of the 'Treaty of Paris' (1814), Malta became a colony in the British Empire.

Malta became a separate country from everyone on 21 September 1964 (Independence Day). Under the 1964 rules, Malta originally kept Queen Elizabeth II as the Queen of Malta, with a Governor-General working on her behalf in Malta. On 13 December 1974 (Republic Day), it became a republic within the Commonwealth, with the President as head of state. Malta joined the European Union on 1 May 2004 and joined the Eurozone on 1 January 2008.

Historians and Geneticists currently do not know where the Maltese people came from. The answer is difficult to find because of several things, such as Malta's invasions, with long parts in time where the population got smaller, before other people from the Mediterranean moved to Malta and married the Maltese. One unusual example of this is the exile to Malta of all of the male population from the town of Celano (Italy) in 1223, the stationing of a Norman and Sicilian garrison on Malta in 1240, the expulsion from Malta of Arabs (presumably, those who refused to convert to Christianity) commencing in 1245, the arrival of several hundred Catalan soldiers in 1283, the European repopulation of Malta that began in the 13th century,
the settlement in Malta of noble families from Sicily and Aragon between 1372 and 1450, the arrival of several thousand Greek and Rhodian sailors, soldiers and slaves with the Knights of St. John, the introduction of several thousand Sicilian labourers in 1551 and again in 1566, the emigration to Malta of some 891 Italian exiles during the Risorgimento in 1849, and the posting of some 22,000 British servicemen in Malta from 1807 to 1979.

Historical and ethnic studies published and promoted by the various ruling classes during their governance over Malta provide little, if any, valuable guidance on the question of Maltese ethnicity, given that their conclusions appear to have been driven, in large part, by political expediency. Hence, Maltese history books published during the rule of the Knights of St. John, at a time when Malta and Gozo suffered repeated "razzias" at the hands of the Ottomans and Barbary corsairs, promoted the myth of a continuous, Roman Catholic, native Maltese population, that somehow survived despite the Arab conquest of Malta and the depopulation that followed. Studies and reports published during the British colonial period promoted the theory of Phoenician origins, in an attempt to distinguish the Maltese from their Sicilian and Italian neighbours, or in the case of the Catholic Church, to distinguish the Maltese from the Arab peoples that controlled Malta prior to the liberation of Malta by the Normans. By contrast, history books published during the Mintoff years following Independence began to question the earlier beliefs in a continuous, indigenous population of Christian Maltese and, in some cases, quietly promoted the theory of closer cultural and ethnic ties with North Africa. This new development was noted by Boissevain in 1991:
"...the Labour government broke off relations with NATO and sought links with the Arab world. After 900 years of being linked to Europe, Malta began to look southward. Muslims, still remembered in folklore for savage pirate attacks, were redefined as blood brothers."
This latter development coincided with and reflected dramatic new (but short-lived) developments in Maltese foreign policy: Western media reported that Malta appeared to be turning its back on NATO, the United Kingdom, and Europe generally; Libya had loaned several million dollars to Malta to make up for the loss of rental income which followed the closure of British military bases in Malta; Malta and Libya had entered into a "Friendship and Cooperation Treaty", in response to repeated overtures by Gaddafi for a closer, more formal union between the two countries.

Some recent studies carried out by geneticists Spencer Wells and Pierre Zalloua of the American University of Beirut collected samples of Y-chromosomes from men living in the Middle East, North Africa, southern Spain, and Malta, places the Phoenicians are known to have settled and traded. According to the study, more than half (50%) of the Y chromosome lineages that are seen in today's Maltese population could have come in with the Phoenicians. As to why there is such a significant genetic impact, Wells could only speculate, ""but the results are consistent with a settlement of people from the Levant within the past 2,000 years, and that points to the Phoenicians."" 

The Phoenician background of the Maltese suggests possible tenuous cultural, religious, and linguistic links to Lebanese Maronites, (whom are also descended from Phoenicians revealed during National Geographic's Special), who speak a variety of Arabic, and are Christian. .

This "Phoenician origins" theory has been contradicted by at least one major study, which found that ""the contemporary males of Malta most likely originated from Southern Italy, including Sicily and up to Calabria,"" and that ""[t]here is a minuscule amount of input from the Eastern Mediterranean with genetic affinity to Christian Lebanon."" One of the authors of this study commented as follows on the Wells/Zalloua study:
""We are aware of conflicting conclusions published as an interview in the popular National Geographic magazine. Despite an intensive search we cannot find them reproduced in the mainstream scientific literature. We consider that data somewhat flawed, and furthermore, unsound. National Geographic is not a peer-reviewed academic journal and thus the weight of the evidence is poor compared to other peer-reviewed academic journals that are also in the public domain. One cannot be comfortable with data that have not passed the scrutiny of peer review..."

"[I]t seems to me that the simplest explanation that cannot be excluded by any of the scientific data thus far available is that Malta was indeed barely inhabited at the turn of the tenth century."

"Repopulation is likely to have occurred by a clan or clans (possibly of Arab or Arab-like speaking people) from neighbouring Sicily and Calabria. Possibly, they could have mixed with minute numbers of residual inhabitants, with a constant input of immigrants from neighbouring countries and later, even from afar. There seems to be little input from North Africa.""


Maltese

Maltese might mean:


Perm (hairstyle)

A permanent wave, commonly called a perm, is the chemical treatment of hair to produce curls.

The first chemical treatment for curling hair that was suitable for use on people was invented in the year 1906 by the German hairdresser Karl Nessler (1872-1951). He used a mixture of cow urine and water. The first public demonstration took place on October 8, 1906, but Nessler had been working on the idea since 1896. Previously, wigs had been set with caustic chemicals to form curls, but these recipes were too harsh to use on human skin.



Audiophile

An audiophile is a person who cares about how good music sounds on a stereo or other high fidelity sound system. An audiophile is interested in how to improve the sound quality of sound recordings, such as vinyl records and Compact Discs, as well as the equipment used to listen to recordings such as CD players, amplifiers and loudspeakers.

Audiophiles are always looking for ways to improve their sound system. There are discussion forums, magazines and clubs for audiophiles to share their ideas. 

Some audiophiles believe that differences should be able to be measured in a scientific way. This type of audiophile is called an "objectivist".

Other audiophiles believe that "what sounds better" or "more musical" may not be measurable. They rely mostly on their own ears and preferences. This type of audiophile is called a "subjectivist".

Audiophile is also used as an adjective in descriptions of audio equipment and recorded music, where it is intended to imply high quality.


Barbelo

Barbelo is a goddess in Gnosticsm. She is also called Thought, Providence, Forethought, or Foreknowledge. She is believed to be the first emanation of Bythos.

In the Apocryphon of John, a writing in the Nag Hammadi Library, Barbelo is described as "The first power, the glory, Barbelo, the perfect glory in the aions, the glory of the revelation."

The Apocryphon of John continues:
"This is the first thought, his image; she became the womb of everything, for it is she who is prior to them all, the Mother-Father, the first man (Anthropos), the holy Spirit, the thrice-male, the thrice-powerful, the thrice-named androgynous one, and the eternal aeon among the invisible ones, and the first to come forth."
The Gnostic account of Barbelo is quite similar to Tantric thought. In Kashmir Shaivism, Shakti is similarly the second Tattva or first emanation of Shiva.


Perm, Russia

Perm (, pronounced:pʲɛrʲmʲ) is a city and administrative center of "Perm Krai", Russia. It lies on the banks of the Kama River, at the foot of the Ural Mountains.

Perm is one of the largest cities in Russia, with 976,116 (2006 est.) inhabitants, fewer than the 1,001,653 recorded in the 2002 Census and 1,090,944 recorded in the 1989 Census.

In geology, the Permian period takes its name from the region.

From 1940 until 1957, the city was named Molotov (), after Vyacheslav Molotov. In 2021, six people were killed in a mass shooting.

Perm is divided into seven city districts:
The city is a major administrative, industrial, scientific, and cultural center. The leading industries include machinery, defence, oil production (about 3% of Russian output), oil refining, chemical and petrochemical, timber and wood processing and the food industry.

There is one international airport in Perm Bolshoye Savino (Big Savino).
Perm is also served by the smaller airport "Bakharevka".

Perm's public transit network includes streetcar (tram), bus, and trolleybus routes.

Perm is the sister city of (twinned with):



Perm (disambiguation)

Perm may mean:

Bodhicitta

In Buddhist thought, bodhicitta is the motivation of a bodhisattva. The word "bodhicitta" combines the words for enlightenment "(Bodhi)" and mind "(Citta)". It is sometimes translated as "mind of enlightenment".

Bodhicitta is taught to be the intent to become enlightened, not for oneself, but for the benefit of "all" beings.

Dakini

In Hinduism and Buddhism, a dakini is a female being like a goddess. They are mostly found in Tibetan Buddhism.Chinese: 空行母, Pinyin: Kōngxíng Mǔ and 狐仙,Pinyin:Hú xian ;明妃,Pinyin:Míng fēi｝ The dakini inspires spiritual practice. A dakini is often depicted as beautiful and naked. The nakedness represents the freedom of the mind.

The Chinese and Tibetan terms for "dakini" literally mean "she who travels in the sky"; this is sometimes written poetically as "sky dancer". Their bodies are depicted curved in sinuous dance poses.

Dakinis are associated with energy. They are linked with the revelation of the path of transformation. They help people to change the energy of negative emotions, called poisons "(kleshas)", into enlightened awareness.

Images tend to show the dakini as a young, naked figure in a dancing posture, often holding a skull cup filled with menstrual blood or the elixir of life in one hand, and a curved knife in the other. She may wear a garland of human skulls, with a trident staff leaning against her shoulder. Her hair is usually wild and hanging down her back, and her face often wrathful in expression, as she dances on top of a corpse, which represents her complete mastery over ego and ignorance.

Tibetan Buddhists believe that a Dakini gave a black hat to the third Karmapa, Rangjung Dorje (1284 - 1339), when he was three years old. The Black Crown became the emblem of this Tibetan lineage known as the Karma Kagyu.



Dattatreya

Dattatreya is the God who is an incarnation of the Divine Trinity Brahma, Vishnu and Shiva. The word Datta means "Given", Datta is called so because the divine trinity have "given" themselves in the form of a son to the sage couple Guru Atri and Mata Anusuya. He is the son of Guru Atri, hence the name "Atreya."

In the Nath tradition, Dattatreya is seen as an Avatar or incarnation of the Lord Shiva and as the Adi-Guru (First Teacher) of the Adi-Nath sampradaya of the Nathas. Although Dattatreya was at first a "Lord of Yoga" with Tantric traits, he was adapted into the more devotional cults; while still worshiped by millions of Hindus, he is approached more as a benevolent God than as a teacher of the highest essence of Indian thought.

Though the Dattatreya of the Natha tradition coexisted and intermingled with the Puranic, Brahmanical tradition of the Datta sampradaya, here we shall focus almost exclusively on the earlier Tantric manifestation of Datta. Shri Gurudev Mahendranath had no doubt that Dattatreya was a historical figure. He stated that Datta was born on Wednesday, the fourteenth day of the full moon in the month of Margasirsa, though he does not mention the year.

Dattatreya left home at an early age to wander naked in search of the Absolute. He seems to have spent most of his life wandering in the area around North Mysore, through the Maharashtra, and into Gujarat as far as the Narmada River. He attained realization at a place not far from the town now known as Ganagapur. The original footprints found on Mount Girnar were of Lord Neminath in Jainism. The "Tripura-rahasya" refers to the disciple Parasurama finding Datta meditating on Gandhamadana mountain.

The "Tripura-rahasya (The Secret of [the Goddess] Tripura)" is believed to be an abbreviated version of the original "Datta Samhita" or "Dakshinamurti Samhita" traditionally ascribed to Dattatreya. This more lengthy work was summarized by Dattatreya's disciple Parasurama, whose disciple, Sumedha Haritayana, wrote the text. Thus, this text is sometimes referred to as the "Haritayana Samhita".

The "Tripura-rahasya" is divided into three parts. The first part, the "Mahatmya Khanda" or section on the goddess is concerned with the origin, mantra and yantra of the Goddess Tripura, also known as Lalita or Lalita Tripurasundari. The "Jnana Khanda" or section on knowledge elaborates on the themes of consciousness, manifestation, and liberation. The last part, "Charya Khanda" or section on conduct, has been lost and some believe destroyed.

Another work, the "Avadhuta Gita (Song of the Free)" is a wonderful, complete compilation of the highest thought given to and recorded by two of Dattatreya's disciples, Swami and Kartika. Swami Vivekananda (1863-1902) held it in high esteem. Originally a work of seven chapters, a spurious and misogynistic eighth chapter may be a later attempt to append sexual morality to the Natha tradition by a conservative ascetic. Some of the ideas in this Gita are however common to both Shaivite and Buddhist Tantras.

The "Markandeya Purana" reports that Dattatreya, to free himself of all attachments, dived into a lake where he stayed for many years. By doing so, he also hoped to evade an assembly of Munis who remained on the banks of the lake awaiting his return. Datta emerged from the water naked in the company of a beautiful woman. The text relates that he made love with her (maithuna), drank liquor, and enjoyed singing and music. In spite of this, the Munis did not abandon him, and Dattatraya, accompanied by his shakti, continued to engage in these practices and was meditated on by those longing for moksha.

In the "Bhagavata Purana" Dattatreya enumerates a list of his twenty-four gurus: earth, air, sky / ether, water, fire, sun, moon, python, pigeons, sea, moth, bee, bull elephant, bear, deer, fish, osprey, a child, a maiden, a courtesan, a blacksmith, serpent, spider, and wasp. The image of the Natha ranged from that of a siddha living in the woods with animals, to that of a frightening, even demonic, being.

In "The Pathless Path to Immortality", Shri Gurudev Mahendranath writes:

"Shri Dattatreya was a dropout of an earlier age than the period when Veda and Tantra merged to become one simple cult. It was men like Dattatreya who helped to make this possible. Three of his close disciples were kings, one an Asura and the other two both belonging to the warrior caste. Dattatreya himself was regarded as an avatar of Maheshwara (Shiva) but later was claimed by Vaishnavites as the avatar of Vishnu. Not such a sectarian claim as it appears; Hindus regard Shiva and Vishnu as the same or as manifestations of the Absolute taking form."

Indeed, the "Dattatreya Upanisad", which opens proclaiming Dattatreya's identity with Vishnu, ends with the mantra "Om Namah Shivaya", identifying Datta with Shiva. In the last portion of the third chapter, Mahesvara (Shiva) alone is said to pervade reality and shine in every heart of man. He alone is in front, behind, to the left, to the right, below, above, everywhere the center. Finally, Mahesvara is identified with Dattatreya, depicting the latter as an Avatar of Shiva.

Dattatreya is usually depicted with three heads, symbolising Brahma, Vishnu, and Shiva; past, present, and future; and the three states of consciousness: waking, dreaming, and dreamless sleep. He is portrayed sitting in meditation with his shakti beneath the "audumbara" (wish-fulfilling) tree. In front of him is a fire pit, and around him are four dogs. These are sometimes said to symbolise the four Vedas.



Gnosticism

Gnosticism is a group of religious ideas from around the 1st century. "" is the ancient Greek word for "knowledge", but now more closely means "esoteric knowledge". Gnostic ideas were a main part of early Christianity before being persecuted by other Christians. Gnostic ideas are also found in sects of Judaism and Islam, as well as in alchemy and other kinds of esotericism.

The word "Gnostic" was mostly used by people who were against these ideas. For this reason, some researchers have said that Gnosticism is a of many separate religious movements. There are many problems for people who research Gnosticism:

Gnosticism says that humans are divine souls trapped in the ordinary physical (or "material") world. They say that the world was made by an imperfect spirit.

The imperfect spirit is thought to be the same as the God of Abraham. The imperfect spirit may be seen as evil, or sometimes just not perfect but doing the best it can. 

The real God who is good, is distant and not easy to know. In order to get free from the material world, a person has to get "gnosis". That is the special secret knowledge given only to a few special people. 

Some Gnostic groups saw Jesus as sent by the supreme being, to bring "gnosis" to the Earth.



Grigori Rasputin

Grigori Yefimovich Rasputin (;  – ) was a Russian peasant, and a mystical faith healer. He was not a monk who lived in a monastery, but a religious pilgrim. In 1904 he arrived in the capital St Petersburg. The Tsar and Tsarina talked many times with Rasputin and asked for advice as he became their spiritual guide.

Grigori Yefimovich Rasputin was born a peasant in the small village of Pokrovskoye, along the Tura River in the Tobolsk Governorate (now Tyumen Oblast) in the Russian Empire. He was named for St. Gregory of Nyssa, whose feast was celebrated on 10 January.

Rasputin had a lot of influence over Tsarina Alexandra, the wife of Tsar Nicholas II. Alexandra believed that Rasputin was the answer to her worries. Her only son, Tsarevich Alexei, the heir to the throne was very sick. He had hemophilia. It caused heavy bleeding and pain in his groin and legs each time he fell. Rasputin calmed the boy and the parents. She believed Rasputin was the only person who could heal her son with his prayers.

Because of this, the Tsar and his family began to trust Rasputin more with important decisions on politics. Rasputin did not support the Tsar when he decided to lead his country into World War I. In July 1914, during a stay in his home village, he was stabbed in his belly by a female conspirator Khioniya Guseva. After seven weeks, Rasputin recovered and went back to the capital. There he lived with his two daughters, who went to school in the capital. 

In August 1915, the Tsar decided to lead the country's army himself, and replace his cousin Grand Duke Nikolai. Almost nobody supported him, except Alexandra and Rasputin. Many Russian politicians and nobles became very worried about Rasputin's influence. While the Tsar was at the front, Alexandra and Rasputin took many bad decisions. They proposed to the Tsar, who was extremely shy and weak-willed, the replacement of several ministers with ones that supported peace. At the end of 1916, Imperial Russia was in a chaotic state. In the big cities there was almost nothing to eat or heat. All the trains were used to supply the army. Some politicians in the parliament decided to attack Alexandra and Rasputin. Their goal was to go on with the war, even though there were heavy losses and a lack of weapons and ammunition.

In the night of 30 December 1916, Rasputin was led into the Yusupov palace's basement. He was offered wine. When he got drunk, he was shot twice by Prince Felix Yusupov. One shot went into his right kidney and then into his spine. He climbed some stairs and staggered out of the palace through a back door. Rasputin was shot again in the courtyard. To be sure he was dead, he was shot in the forehead at close range. Grand Duke Dmitri drove the conspirators to the Neva River. There they dropped his body from the bridge. In the meantime, Prince Felix had killed his favorite dog, to cover the blood in the courtyard. A few days later Rasputin's body, completely frozen, was found stuck in the ice. The next day the corpse was buried in a park next to the Alexander Palace. After the February Revolution, the new leaders decided to dig up his body to prevent it from becoming a place of worship; and eventually burned it.


Grimoire

Grimoire is a book of witchcraft or paranormal magic. The word is pronounced "grim-warr", which rhymes with "guitar".

The word is a mistaken way of saying "grammar". It probably started being used in a time when not many people could read. Then any book might be thought to contain instructions for magic.

In the religion of Wicca and other forms of Neopaganism, such a book is sometimes called a "Book of Shadows".

Hermeticism

Hermeticism is the study and practice of occult philosophy and magic. The name comes from the fact that the first books about Hermeticism are said to have been written by the god Hermes Trismegistus ("Thrice-Greatest Hermes"), who combines aspects of the Greek god Hermes and the Egyptian god Thoth. 

Hermeticism is also connected with astrology and alchemy. These beliefs were strong in Europe during the Renaissance. The Hermetic Corpus was translated by Marsilio Ficino in 1463 and published in 1471. At this time, the Hermetic Corpus was thought to be older than both Plato and Pythagoras.

In 1614, Isaac Causabon showed that the texts were actually written sometime between 200 and 300 AD. This view was based on careful study of the way language was used in the original writings.

Hermeticism was revived in the 19th century in Western Europe. The most famous group involved in this revival was the Hermetic Order of the Golden Dawn.


Illuminati

The Illuminati (the “enlightened ones”) was a late 18th century German political secret society. Adam Weishaupt, a Bavarian philosopher and lawyer, started the secret society on the 1st of May 1776 at the University of Ingolstadt . In 1785 it was outlawed in Bavaria. 

Originally, they opposed superstition, prejudice, religious influence over public life, and abuses of state power. They supported women’s education and gender equality. 

Later, other groups formed using the same name. There is no evidence that these present-day groups have any significant power or influence. They promote themselves using the Bavarian Illuminati to attract membership. The Illuminati has been prone to speculations and theory's (although most proving false).

Simputer

The Simputer is a small, cheap device, similar to a personal digital assistant (palmtop). The unique feature of this device is a smart-card interface which allows a single Simputer to be used by many users. User's private data can be kept on a cheap smart-card. This device was constructed by an Indian company- Simputer Trust. The name stands for "Simple computer".

The Simputer project was invented during the organization of the Global Village, an International Seminar on Information Technology for Developing Countries in October 1998. The discussion was about the big need for a low-cost mass access device which will bring local-language IT to the masses. Inventing a name for the new device, the purpose was to find a complex acronym Thus Simputer is a Simple, Inexpensive, Multi-lingual comPUTER. Later it was expanded to Simple, Inexpensive Multi-lingual People's compUTER. Now it is also called "computer for the masses".

It is similar to the Linux Advanced Radio Terminal and the Intel StrongARM reference platform. It has processor Intel StrongARM 200+ MHz, 64MB of RAM, 32MB Flash ROM. It can use cheap smart-cards with capacity 8KB. It has also USB connectivity and software modem so can connect to the internet. The 320x240 LCD interface in Simputer is with a touch panel overlay on liquid-crystal display. The operating system runs on a version of the Linux Kernel. The software used in Simputer is text-to-speech. This tool may use speakers and microphone because it has special jacks. It has also a built-in Infrared Data Association port. The device is powered by 3 AAA sized NiMH batteries.

The Simputer Trust has licensed manufacturers to produce devices based on the Simputer. These companies are: PicoPeta Simputers and Encore Technologies.

The tool developed is very generic and has similar devices in many other countries. It is ideally suited for developing and under developed countries like: India, Azerbaijan, Mauritius, Mongolia, Ghana, Uzbekistan, Sri Lanka, Bhutan, Thailand or Vietnam.



Stonewall UK

Stonewall UK is a gay rights organisation in the United Kingdom which was named after the Stonewall riots. 

It was created in 1989 by Labour Party members who were trying to change section 28 of the Local Government Act. Many famous people, such as Sir Ian McKellen and Michael Cashman were among those who made it. Stonewall is in London. Stonewall Scotland has offices in Edinburgh and Glasgow and Stonewall Cymru is based in both Cardiff and Bangor in North Wales.

Stonewall showed ideas for change to the government. It did not start out as a membership organisation. Since Labour came into power in 1997, however, it has now become active in developing policy (political ideas) to protect the rights of lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender people.

Some of Stonewall's best known early work was backing legal test cases in the European Court of Human Rights. These included:

In the last few years it was successful in parliamentary lobbying. Its previous director Angela Mason (1992 to 2002) was awarded an OBE "for services to homosexual rights". Under her direction, Stonewall persuaded parliament to change the 2002 Adoption and Children Bill so that lesbian and gay couples were treated the same as heterosexuals. Under its current Chief Executive, Ben Summerskill, it was closely involved in successful parliamentary campaigns to repeal Section 28 of the Local Government Act (2003); make attacks on gay people separate crimes (that is, "anti-gay hate crimes"), through the Criminal Justice Act 2003; introduce the Civil Partnership Act 2004 giving gay and lesbian couples "civil union" almost the same as a civil marriage; and introduce the "2007 Sexual Orientation Regulations" under the Equality Act 2006, to stop discrimination on grounds of sexual orientation.

Stonewall helps 300 big employers across Britain by giving advice and support to lesbian and gay staff. These companies include IBM, Credit Suisse, the Inland Revenue and the Royal Navy. 

The "Education for All" campaign was started in 2005. Stonewall and 70 other organsiations help to stop homophobic bullying in British schools. Section 28 of the Local government Act made any sort of teaching about homosexuality difficult, and the Education for All campaign started after section 28 was repealed.

Grass-roots activists such as Peter Tatchell have accused Stonewall of allowing discrimination by holding regular meetings of celebrities and politicians. The meetings were supported by big businesses such as HSBC, even though HSBC is accused of dismissing someone because of their sexual orientation. 

Stonewall supported the Civil Partnership bill. Many other groups did not, and they formed a group called the "Coalition for Marriage Equality", saying that the new Civil Partnership Bill made a separate yet equal system "not unlike apartheid". Many LGBT people who were not part of these groups liked the bill, and Stonewall got a lot of new members. Now Stonewall gets more money from its 10,000 individual supporters than it does money from its business supporters.



James Branch Cabell

James Branch Cabell (1879 – 1958) was an American writer. He wrote fantasy fiction. His name is pronounced "CAB-ble".

Cabell was born and lived most of his life in Richmond, Virginia. He spent the winters in Florida until the death of his first wife in 1949. He retired in Florida. 

Cabell was born into a rich Virginian family. His father, Robert Gamble Cabell II (1847–1922), was a physician. His mother, Anne Harris (1859–1915), was the daughter of Col. and Mrs James R. Branch. Cabell's great-grandfather, William H. Cabell, was Governor of Virginia from 1805 to 1808. Cabell was the oldest of three boys . His brothers were Robert Gamble Cabell III (1881–1968) and John Lottier Cabell (1883–1946). His parents separated and were later divorced in 1907.

He went to the College of William and Mary in 1894 at the age of fifteen. He graduated in 1898. While an undergraduate, Cabell taught French and Greek at the college. Ellen Glasgow, a writer and close friend of Cabell said that he had a friendship with a professor at the college which some people thought was "too intimate". Because of this, Cabell had to leave the college. He was later allowed back and finished his degree.

Cabell worked from 1898 to 1900 as a newspaper reporter in New York City. He returned to Richmond in 1901. In Richmond, he worked several months for the "Richmond News". 

Many things happened to Cabell in 1901. His first stories were accepted for publication. It was believed for a short time that Cabell murdered John Scott, a rich person in Richmond. There was a rumor that Scott was "involved" with Cabell's mother.

In 1902, seven of his stories appeared in national magazines. Over the ten years, he wrote many short stories and articles. These were published in well-known magazines including "Harper's Monthly Magazine" and the "Saturday Evening Post".

Between 1911 and 1913, he worked for his uncle in the office of the Branch coal mines in West Virginia. On November 8, 1913, he married Priscilla Bradley Shepherd. She was a widow with five children from an earlier marriage. In 1915, Priscilla gave birth to a son, Ballard Hartwell Cabell. Priscilla died in March of 1949. In June 1950, Cabell married Margaret Waller Freeman.

During his life, Cabell published fifty-two books. These included novels, genealogy, collections of short stories, poetry, and miscellanea. He was elected to the American Academy of Arts and Sciences in 1937. Today, the modern languages house and an endowed law professorship at the College of William and Mary are named for him. 

Cabell died of a cerebral hemorrhage. He is buried in Hollywood Cemetery in Richmond. 

In 1970, Virginia Commonwealth University in Richmond named its main campus library "James Branch Cabell Library". In the 1970s, Cabell's library and personal papers were moved from his home on Monument Avenue to the James Branch Cabell Library. The collection includes some 3,000 volumes, manuscripts, notebooks and scrapbooks, periodicals, letters (including conversations with noted writers such as H.L. Mencken, Ellen Glasgow, Sinclair Lewis and Theodore Dreiser), newspaper clippings, photographs, criticisms, printed material, publishers' agreements and statements of sales. 

The VCU undergraduate literary journal at the university is named Poictesme after the fictional province in his book "Jurgen".

Cabell published about fifty books. Most of these are not well known. His eighth book, "Jurgen", (1919) was the most popular. The hero, Jurgen, goes on a journey through ever more fantastic places. He even goes to hell and heaven. Everywhere he goes, he seduces the local women, even the Devil's wife. 

The book was seen as being bad by the New York Society for the Suppression of Vice. They tried to bring a prosecution for obscenity. The case went on for two years before Cabell and his publishers won. Many of the things in the book were double entendres. They had one meaning which was bad and also had a decent meaning. It appeared that what had actually offended the prosecution most was a joke about papal infallibility. Cabell took an author's revenge. The new edition of 1926 included a 'lost' section which was not in the earlier version. In it, the hero is put on trial by the Philistines. A large dung beetle is the chief prosecutor.

Other works include "Figures of Earth". This introduces Manuel the Redeemer. He took control of a realm by playing on others' expectations. His motto is "Mundus Vult Decipi". This means 'the world wishes to be deceived'. "The Silver Stallion" is a sequel. It deals with the adventures of the knights in Manuel's company after he left them. 

Cabell is now forgotten by most people but his work affected later writers of fantasy fiction. Robert Heinlein's "Job, A comedy of Justice" has an appearance of the Slavic god Koschei (from "Jurgen"). Fritz Leiber's "Swords of Lankhmar" was also affected by Jurgen. Jack Vance's "Dying Earth" books show a similar style to Cabell's writing. Cugel the Clever in those books is very similar to Jurgen.




Gela

Gela is a city in the Italian region of Sicily. It is in the province of Caltanissetta in the south of Sicily. The city is at about 84km from the province's capital of Caltanissetta, on the Mediterranean Sea. The city has a larger population than the capital and is second largest in land area.

Gela is an important industrial city and port town. One important industry that is located here is that of petroleum refinery. The city can be reached from other cities, like Syracuse and Caltanissetta, by train.

Kama Sutra

Kamasutra (), also known in Western countries as the Kama Sutra, is an ancient Indian book on love. It was written by Mallanaga Vatsyayana. Part of the book deals with human sexual behavior.

Lu Sheng-yen

Lu Sheng-Yen (盧勝彥, Lú Shèngyàn) (27 June 1945), is the founder and spiritual leader of the True Buddha School, which is a religious group with teachings taken from Taoism and Buddhism. He is called Master Lu by his followers. Within his sect, he is also known as "Living Buddha Lian Sheng" (蓮生活佛, "Liansheng Huófó"). He is worshipped by his followers as a "Living Buddha".

His organization says that over five million students have taken Buddhist refuge under Lu. There are also more than three hundred local chapters of the True Buddha School, including thirty major temples, such as the Ling Shen Ching Tze Temple in Redmond, Washington, where he lives now. Many of his followers are from Taiwan, Singapore, and Malaysia.

Lu is married to Lian Hsiang, who is also a vajra master. She is referred as "Grand Madam Lu". Lu and Lian Hsiang have two children.

Lu was born in Chiayi County, Taiwan in 1945. He was raised a Christian and attended a Protestant school. He went to Chung Cheng Institute of Technology and got a degree in Survey Engineering. In his early twenties he was both a survey engineer and a Sunday school Bible teacher.

Lu has written that he had a mystical experience in 1969. This led him to seek out a total of twenty-one human gurus in Taoism, Sutra, and Tantra. In 1982, Lu moved to the United States, and lived in the state of Washington.

To date, Lu has written over 200 books in Chinese on various topics, including feng shui and poetry.

According to his website, he went into hiding in Tahiti for six years starting late 2000 and lived in Taichung, Taiwan. Today he lives in the state of Washington.

Lu teaches the Mahamudra way of attaining enlightenment. His teachings follow the traditional stages of the practice of the Four Preliminaries, followed by Guru Yoga, Deity Yoga, the Vajra Practices, and finally Highest Yoga Tantra. Lu has written that his spiritual gurus included the 16th Karmapa, Rangjung Rigpe Dorje and Tai Situ Rinpoche.

He describes the state of enlightenment using the allegory of Padmakumara, whom he identifies with Amitabha Buddha and his own enlightened self.

According to Noah Casey, Lu's teachings do not prohibit the consumption of meat and alcohol; but he says, "The consumption of alcohol is limited to quantities not resulting in intoxication, and the eating of meat is restricted to animals not butchered especially for the person consuming. Before consuming either of these, or any other nutritional substance, a special prayer is required. For meats, the spirit of the animal must be delivered." This is consistent with the Vajrayana traditions of Tibetan Buddhism.

Lu made headlines during an investigation by the Washington State Public Disclosure Commission into his cash donations to Chinese American politician Gary Locke, who Lu had hoped would run for President of the United States. Locke was cleared of any wrongdoing by the commission in 1998.

He was also sued in civil court by a former disciple, who called herself SHC, a 41-year-old Malaysian immigrant, over claims of sexual misconduct, after the King County, Washington prosecutor declined to file charges for lack of evidence. The case was dismissed by King County Superior Court Judge Kathleen Learned citing constitutional issues. In the case "S.H.C. v. Sheng-Yen Lu", the Superior Court of King County granted the Temple's motion for summary judgment, and the Court of Appeals later "affirm[ed] the trial court's grant of summary judgment dismissing all claims against the Temple."

Lu has been criticized by Tsering Phuri, the president of TIBETcenter, who said "People should not say, `I am a living Buddha'". However, this title was given by his disciples or people who believed in him 30 or 40 years ago in Taiwan, and Lu also admitted that he is the incarnated body of the Buddha.



Australian Open

The Australian Open is one of the four Grand Slam tennis tournaments. It is the first one of the year. It is played in Melbourne, Australia. The Australian Open has been played on three different surfaces:

Before 1983, many of the best tennis players did not play at the tournament. This was because the Australian Open was far away from Europe and North America and was not considered as important as the other Grand Slam tournaments. 

The tournament is played in January, during the Australian summer. In 1998 an extreme heat rule was brought in. It is the only major tournament that has a heat policy. If the temperature gets higher than 35 degrees (C) matches may have to be stopped for a short time, because players feel dehydrated. Matches on the outside courts are stopped. The roof over the main stadium courts can be closed, and cooling systems turned on. In 2007 the temperature on the courts reached 50 degrees Celsius.



Adrian Willaert

Adrian Willaert (pronounce: AH-dree-ahn VIL-art), (born Flanders about 1490; died Venice, 7 December 1562) was a Flemish composer in the Renaissance period. He was one of the most important composers of his time. He went to Italy when he was young and spent the rest of his life there. He belonged to the group of composers who lived and worked in Venice at the time, and who were known as the “Venetian School”.

He may have been born in Bruges which is now in Belgium, although we are not sure. One of his students, Gioseffo Zarlino, who became a well-known music theorist, said that Willaert went to Paris first to study law, but then decided to study music. In Paris he met Jean Mouton, the main composer of the French royal chapel, and studied with him. Mouton taught him to write music in the style of Josquin, whose music was very polyphonic with the voices imitating one another a lot.

Sometime around 1515 Willaert first went to Rome. There is a story, which is probably true, that Willaert was surprised to find the Pope’s choir singing something he had composed. The choir thought it had been composed by Josquin, who was very famous by then. When the young Willaert told them that he himself was the composer, the choir did not believe the young man, and refused to sing it again.

In July 1515, Willaert worked for the Cardinal Ippolito I d'Este of Ferrara. Ippolito liked to travel, and he often took Willaert and other musicians with him to places such as Hungary, where he probably spent two years, from 1517 to 1519. When Ippolito died in 1520, Willaert worked for Duke Alfonso d'Este of Ferrara. In 1522 Willaert had a job at the court chapel of Duke Alfonso; he stayed there until 1525.

Willaert then got the most important musical job in the whole of Europe at that time: he became maestro di cappella (director of music) at the church of St. Mark's at Venice. The director who had been there before had not been very good, so Willaert made the music in that church really great again. He stayed in that job until his death. He was very famous and young composers came from all over Europe to study with him and learn how to be a composer.

Willaert was one of the greatest composers of the Renaissance and the most important composer in Europe between the death of Josquin and the time of Palestrina.

He wrote music in lots of forms, especially church music, madrigals and instrumental pieces called ricercar.


Sydney Harbour

Sydney Harbour (also called Port Jackson) is a natural harbour on the East Coast of Australia in Sydney. It is the location of the Sydney Opera House and the Sydney Harbour Bridge.

Before the arrival of European settlers, the area surrounding Sydney Harbour was home to a variety of aboriginal tribes, including members of the Gadigal, Cammeraygal, Eora and Wanegal tribes. It is believed (source?) that the Gadigal people once lived in the area heading from the south side of Port Jackson (South Head, Watsons Bay) and west in a semi circle through Petersham. The Cammeraygal tribe lived on the northern side of Sydney Harbour and the Wanegal tribe owned the area on the southern side of the Parramatta River, just west of Petersham and through to Rose Hill. The Eora tribe lived on the southern side of Sydney Harbour, not far from where the First Fleet set up camp.

In 1770, shortly after he left Botany Bay (), Lt James Cook became the first non-Aboriginal person to visit Sydney Harbour. Cook named it [Sydney Harbour] after Sir George Jackson. He did not go into the harbour, but sailed past the entrance (Sydney Heads) on his way north up the East Coast of Australia. 

European settlement started on January 26, 1788 when Captain Arthur Phillip and the First Fleet arrived from England. Phillip brought 732 convicts (prisoners) and a small group of soldiers to start a penal colony. They landed at a small inlet which they called Sydney Cove after Lord Sydney, who was the British government's Home Secretary.
There are lots of islands inside Sydney Harbour, including Shark Island, Clark Island, Fort Denison, Goat Island, Cockatoo Island, Spectacle Island, Snapper Island and Rodd Island. Some other former islands, including Bennelong Island, Garden Island and Berry Island are now connected to the mainland by bridge or by landfill. There are several islands only accessible by boat, for example Fort Denison and Cockatoo Island. Boat hire operators offer charter trips or self-drive options to these locations. 

Vex

Vex may refer to:


Billy Ray Cyrus

Billy Ray Cyrus (born August 25, 1961) is an American singer, songwriter and actor.

He is best known for his popular single "Achy Breaky Heart" (1992).

From 2001 to 2004, Cyrus starred in the television series "Doc". The series was about a country doctor who moved from Montana to New York City. He was in the Disney Channel series, "Hannah Montana", which he co-starred with his daughter Miley Cyrus.



How to Grow a Woman from the Ground

How to Grow a Woman from the Ground is a 2006 album by Chris Thile, who made the album with the How to Grow a Band, credited to Chris Thile. It was released on September 12, 2006. The album is named after a song on the album; a cover of a song by American singer Tom Brosseau.

The album got mostly good reviews from important music critics, with some critics saying that the album was “fantastic, eclectic”, and “genius”. The album got Thile a Grammy Award-nomination in 2007.

For a side project away from his band Nickel Creek, Chris Thile knew he wanted to form a five-piece string band that featured mandolin, violin, banjo, acoustic guitar, and double bass. Thile also wanted the band to feature his friend and fiddle player Gabe Witcher, but didn’t know what kind of band he wanted it to be. At the Telluride Bluegrass Festival in Colorado, Thile met banjo player Noam Pikelny and later said that “every note he played was something I wish I’d played”. At that time, Thile decided that he wanted “put [his] stamp” on the normal bluegrass band. Thile wanted to find five people to make the five-piece band he planned. He had already found fiddle, banjo, and mandolin players, so he just had to find double bass and acoustic guitar players. The bass player Thile was looking for turned out to be Greg Garrison, a friend of Noam Pikelny. Before this, Pikelny had played with Garrison in the band Leftover Salmon. The guitar player Thile needed became Chris Eldridge, famous as a member of the Infamous Stringdusters. The five people met up in Nashville on one day in 2005 and decided to “do something musical together”. A few days later, the group met again “to drop a ton of money, drink too much wine, eat steaks, and [talk] about our failed relationships”. That night, they formed a bluegrass band.

A few months later, the group decided to record an album. The album was recorded in two days at "Sear Sound Recording Studios" in New York City. The album was not made digitally, but in the old-fashioned way: on tape. In an interview with the United States magazine "Guitar Player", Chris Thile talked about how "How to Grow a Woman from the Ground" was recorded: "How to Grow a Woman from the Ground" was produced by Thile, and the only musicians on the album was the band that Thile chose. The band was later named the "How to Grow a Band".

"How to Grow a Woman from the Ground" takes influence from several musical genres, “drawing equally from traditional bluegrass, progressive acoustic, and singer-songwriter traditions”. One music critic called the album “roots oriented”. Bluegrass mandolin player Ronnie McCoury became the album’s official “bluegrass guru” to make sure that there was “someone who could make sure we didn’t do anything clichéd or trite”. When discussing the album’s musical style, Chris Thile said that “All in all, "How to Grow a Woman from the Ground" is a bluegrass record. There are definitely some musical things that are out of the ordinary, but it sounds like a bluegrass record to me.” Much of Thile's work on the album was inspired by his divorce, and Thile said that he could relate to the title of the album, a Tom Brosseau song. Thile said that he "got my ass kicked by the last relationship I was in. This girl just left. It created a pretty serious complex for me. I’ve always been able to talk to girls, but I’m scared of them. I just could relate to it. Like, man if I could just grow one, that would take care of a lot of problems." 




Yantra

Yantra literally means loom, instrument or machine. In actual practice, a yantra is a symbol which represents aspects of the divine, such as the Mother Goddess or Durga. It is made of interlocking geometric figures, circles, triangles and floral shapes that form a pattern. Though drawn in two dimensions, a yantra can represent a three dimensional sacred object. The yantra is primarily a meditation tool. Yantras function as revelatory symbols of cosmic truths.




Sri Yantra

The Shri Yantra or Sri Chakra of Tripura Sundari is a yantra or mandala formed by nine interlocking triangles surrounding a dot in the centre called a bindu. Four of these triangles are upright representing Shiva or the Masculine. Five of these triangles are inverted representing Shakti or the Feminine. Because it is composed of nine triangles, it is also known as the "navayoni chakra".

Together the nine triangles are interlaced in such a way as to form 43 smaller triangles in a web symbolic of the entire cosmos or a womb symbolic of creation. Together they express Advaita-ism or non-duality. This is surrounded by a lotus of eight petals, a lotus of sixteen petals, and an earthsquare resembling a temple with four doors.

The Shri Chakra is also known as the "nava chakra" because it can also be seen as having nine levels. Each level corresponds to a mudra, a yogini, and a specific form of the deity Tripura Sundari along with her mantra. These levels starting from the outside or bottom layer are:

1.Shri Yantra Temple, This temple is most popular and ancient .

2.Shri Narmadeshwar Shri Laxmi Yantra Mandir in this temple Siddha Shri is given by the priest to devotees take to home and prey .this temple is in Rajpipla city, JIOR pati, Kumbheshwar street, at the bank of River Narmada .

Official Website:- Shri Narmadeshwar Shri Laxmi Yantra Mandir Official Website 


Tulku

A tulku (also tülku, trulku) is a Tibetan Buddhist lama who has achieved the ability to consciously determine to be reborn, often many times, in order to continue their Bodhisattva vow. The most famous example is the lineage of Dalai Lamas, who are said to be reincarnations of the previous thirteen Dalai Lamas, beginning with Gendun Drup (1391 – 1474). It is held in the Vajrayana tradition that the oldest lineage of tulkus is that of the Karmapas (spiritual head of the Karma Kagyu lineage), which began with Düsum Khyenpa (1110-1193).

In addition to Tibetans and related peoples, Tibetan Buddhism is the traditional religion of the Mongols and their relatives. The Mongolian word for a tulku is "qubilγan", though such persons may also be called by the honorific title "qutuγtu" (Tib: "'phags-pa" / Skt: "ārya"), or "hutagt" in the standard Khalkha dialect.

A recent Chinese word for tulku is "huófó" (活佛), which literally means "living Buddha". Thus the term Living Buddha is used to mean "tulku". 


Yeshe Tsogyal

Yeshe Tsogyel (, rhymes with "may say so well") is also known in the Nyingma tradition of Tibetan Buddhism as the Great Bliss Queen. She is both a woman and a female deity called a "dakini".

She lived from 757 to 817, and was the wife of Emperor Trisong Detsen (740 - c. 798) who invited Padmasambhava to Tibet:

Among Tibetans she is seen as a Buddha who takes the form of an ordinary woman so as to be seen by the average person, "who, for the time being, do not see her Vajravarahi form as a fully perfected deity." In fact,

According to legend she was born in the same manner as the Buddha, a Sanskrit mantra sounding as her mother gave birth painlessly. She is considered a reincarnation of the Buddha's own mother. Her name ("Primordial ("ye") Wisdom ("shes") Queen ("rgyal mo") of the Lake ("tso")") derives from her birth causing a nearby lake to double in size.

As a young girl, she is said to have prayed for the happiness of all sentient beings. At the age of sixteen, she was initiated into Buddhism by Guru Padmasambhava. Although she was originally one of the Queen consorts of Trisong Detsen, he gave her to Padmasambhava and she became his main spiritual consort. After many years of study she became enlightened. Yeshey Tsogyal was the main person who wrote down and collected Padmasambhava's teachings. She also terma most of the hidden teachings called "termas".

As the wife of Tri-song-day-tsen and the consort of Padmasambhava, given to him at her request by the king, she also stands historically at the beginning of Buddhism's eclipse of Bön in Tibet. She is also considered a manifestation of Sarasvati and sometimes identified with the Bodhisattva Tara.


Urho Kekkonen

Urho Kaleva Kekkonen (; 3 September 1900 – 31 August 1986), often referred to by his initials UKK, was the President of Finland between 1956 and 1982. He was also the Prime Minister of Finland before that.

Kekkonen was born in Pielavesi. He took part of the Finnish Civil War. He was anti-Communist and later anti-Fascist.

Kekkonen became the Interior Minister in 1937, and he then attempted to ban the fascist party known as the (commonly abbreviated to IKL).

In the year 1950, after the Second World War, Kekkonen became the Prime Minister of Finland.

The "Passikivi-Kekkonen line" was a foreign policy doctrine established by, Kekkonen and Juho Kusti Paasikivi, aimed at Finland's survival as an independent sovereign, democratic, and capitalist country in the immediate proximity of the Soviet Union.

Kekkonen was elected the President of Finland in 1956, after president Paasikivi. He attempted to keep Finland a neutral country, which means it was not affiliated with any military alliance such as NATO or the Warsaw Pact during the Cold War.

Urho Kekkonen led the underwriting of the Helsinki Accords of the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe between European countries, the United States and the Soviet Union in 1975.

Kekkonen became sick in 1981 and resigned from presidency.

He died in 1986, aged 86.

J. P. Morgan

John Pierpont Morgan (April 17, 1837 – March 31, 1913) was an American banker and art collector. He became one of the richest men of his era. He founded the bank now called JPMorgan Chase, one of the oldest banks in the world today.

J.P. Morgan was thought of as intelligent, he focused his attention in mathematics in preparation for employment in commerce.

In 1852, when Morgan was 15 years old, he had rheumatic fever. After recovery he was deformed. J.P. Morgan was aloof and refused to have his photograph taken; all of his professional portraits were retouched.

When J.P. Morgan reached the age of 20, he became a banker in his father’s London office and later went to Duncan, Sherman & Company in New York City. 
He excelled in banking and partnered with a lot of other companies. J.P. Morgan bought businesses, and was a hands on leader. He followed the process of reorganizing them known then as “Morganization”. He renamed his company to J.P Morgan & Company in 1895. At the time it became one of the most powerful banks in the world.

J.P. Morgan took control of the railroad companies. He also financed and reorganized railroads all in the US. He later purchased the Ley Land Line of Atlantic Steamships and other boat lines, which included the White Star Line, builder of the RMS Titanic. He joined several steel companies together to make the United States Steel Corporation.

During the , when a shortage of the gold caused a devaluation of the Dollar, the US president Grover Cleveland asked J.P. Morgan to loan $65 million in gold to the US Treasury. J.P. lent the gold, "saving" the Treasury and the Dollar.

Morgan’s enemies attacked him for his loan terms on gold that was lent to the US government during the 1895 crisis, for the way he solved the panic of 1907, for hurting the Hartfort RR company by causing money problems, and turning the US steel corporation into a monopoly (by trying to take control of the making of bridges, ships, RR cars, rails, wire, nails, and other markets.).

JP Morgan was one of the richest men in the world (if he wanted to, he and all his partner companies could have bought all the land owned by all of the 22 US states west of the Mississippi River at that time (worth about $22.245 billion)). He did this through buying many companies and taking them over, usually becoming monopolies.
The JP Morgan Company still runs today under the name of JPMorgan Chase owned by stockholders. Today, it is one of the oldest banks in the world and a leading bank in the world.


Albert Hofmann

Albert Hofmann (11 January 1906 – 29 April 2008) was a Swiss scientist. He invented Lysergic acid diethylamide (LSD). Hofmann wrote more than 100 scientific articles and a number of books, including "LSD: My Problem Child" (1979).

Hofmann was born in Baden, Switzerland. He studied chemistry at the University of Zürich. His main interest was the chemistry of plants and animals, and he studied about the chemical structure of the common animal substance chitin. Hofmann worked at the pharmaceutical-chemical department of Sandoz Laboratories in Basel.

Five years after its first synthesis, he discovered by accident the psychedelic effects of LSD, after absorbing some through his fingertips on April 16 1943. Three days later, he deliberately consumed 250 micrograms of LSD, and experienced far more intense effects. This was followed by a series of self-experiments. He first wrote about these experiments on April 22 of the same year.

He became director of the natural products department at Sandoz and went on studying hallucinogenic substances found in Mexican mushrooms and other plants used by the indigenous peoples. This led to the synthesis of psilocybin, the active agent of many magic mushrooms.

Hofmann called LSD "medicine for the soul".

He had a heart attack in his home in Burg im Leimental on April 29, 2008, and died at the age of 102.


Mahasiddha

A mahasiddha (Sanskrit: "maha" - great, "siddha" - achiever) is type of yogi important in Tantra. They are found in both Hinduism and Tibetan Buddhism. They are connected with unusual ways of thinking and with the highest levels of spiritual enlightenment. They are very different from arhats, the saints who gave up the world to achieve buddhahood.

The Mahasiddhas are actual people who acquired magical powers from their spiritual practice. A mahasiddha is a bodhisattva, someone who can enter "nirvana" whenever they want, but instead choose to stay in "samsara" to help others.

In both Hindu and Tibetan Buddhist traditions there are 85 Mahasiddhas. The lists are not all the same, but there are many Mahasiddhas who appear on most lists. In Tibetan Buddhist art, they are often shown in paintings together, for example around the border of a "thanka".

Each Mahasiddha has come to be known for certain things. One of the most loved Mahasiddhas is Virupa, who is a saint of the Sakyapa sect. He lived in 9th century India and was known for his great attainments. Other important Mahasiddhas include:


In Buddhism there are 89 Mahasiddhas: 
Acinta,
Ajogi,
Anangapa,
Aryadeva,
Babhaha,
Bhadrapa,
Bhandepa,
Bhiksanapa,
Bhusuku,
Camaripa,
Campaka,
Carbaripa,
Catrapa,
Caurangipa,
Celukapa,
Dan,
Darikapa,
Dengipa,
Dhahulipa,
Dharmapa,
Dhilipa,
Dhobipa,
Dhokaripa
Dombipa,
Dukhandi,
Ghantapa,
Gharbari,
Godhuripa,
Goraksa,
Indrabhuti,
Jalandhara,
Jayananda,
Jogipa,
Kalapa,
Kamparipa,
Kambala,
Kanakhala,
Kanhapa,
Kankana,
Kankaripa,
Kantalipa,
Kapalapa,
Khadgapa,
Kilakilapa,
Kirapalapa,
Kokilipa,
Kotalipa,
Kucipa,
Kukkuripa,
Kumbharipa,
Laksminkara,
Lilapa,
Lucikapa,
Luipa,
Mahipa,
Manibhadra,
Medhini,
Mekhala,
Mekopa,
Minapa,
Nagabodhi,
Nagarjuna,
Nalinapa,
Naropa,
Nirgunapa,
Pacaripa,
Pankajapa,
Putalipa,
Rahula,
Saraha,
Sakara,
Samudra,
Santipa,
Sarvabhaksa,
Savaripa,
Syalipa,
Tantepa,
Tantipa,
Thaganapa,
Tilopa,
Udhilipa,
Upanaha,
Vinapa,
Virupa,
Vyalipa,
Lokesh



Red Hat sect

In Tibetan Buddhism, the "Red Hat" sects or schools include the three oldest of the four main schools, to wit:


The newer Gelug school is known as the "Yellow Hat Sect".

Drugs

Drugs change the way the body works. It could mean:


Peter Shotton

Peter ("Pete") Shotton (4 August 1941 – 24 March 2017 aged 75 )was a longtime friend of John Lennon, who founded The Beatles. He later wrote a memoir, "John Lennon "In My Life"", that was later retitled "The Beatles, Lennon and Me". 

Shotton and Lennon met as boys, in their hometown of Woolton, England. Woolton is a suburb of Liverpool. The two fought at first, but soon became best friends. They went to school together, and often got into trouble together. They formed a "gang", with other boys who lived nearby.

During their teenage years, rock and roll became popular in England, as it did in America. Folk music and were also popular. Young people all over England formed skiffle bands, and played folk and rock songs. Lennon got a guitar from his mother. He and Shotton formed a band, the Quarry Men, with classmates from their school (named Quarry Bank), and other friends.

Shotton's role in the band was to play percussion on a , and to sing harmony. While Lennon had genuine musical talent, Shotton did not become a skilled musician, and did not enjoy playing music. After Paul McCartney joined the Quarry Men, he and Lennon began to work together on music. McCartney was very talented, and Shotton felt out of place in the band. He waited a long time, before he finally told Lennon.

Lennon "fired" Shotton from the Quarry Men after they played at a party. He took the washboard away and broke it over Shotton's head. All the same, they were still friends, and spent time together. When they finished high school, Lennon went on to art college, and Shotton trained to become a police officer. The Quarry Men changed from playing skiffle to playing rock and roll. They also changed names a few times, before calling themselves the Beatles.

When Lennon became famous with the Beatles, he invited Shotton to visit at different times. He and George Harrison, another band member, bought a supermarket with part of their , and made Shotton its manager. Shotton married and had a son. He spent most of the week with his family, but would visit Lennon's home on weekends. Lennon counted on Shotton to be a real friend, who was not only around because Lennon was famous or rich. Shotton and Lennon's wife Cynthia got along well, and Shotton sometimes took Cynthia out for the evening, when Lennon needed to work on music.

Shotton also helped now and then with the Beatles's music. He sometimes helped or ideas for songs, or played or other percussion instruments on their recordings. Later, when the Beatles started their own company, Apple Corps, Shotton became its first managing director.

Apple Corps was not a successful company, and it caused problems between the Beatles, and with the people who worked with them. The problems were not Shotton's fault, but he felt as much pressure and stress as anyone. He resigned his job at Apple. Lennon tried Shotton out as a , but this did not go well. Lennon's relationship with Yoko Ono also caused problems between Lennon and Shotton.

Shotton decided it was best to part ways with Lennon, while their friendship was still strong. He went back to running his supermarket, and he and Lennon lost touch. After Lennon and Yoko Ono moved to America, Shotton visited them in New York City, and they enjoyed seeing each other again.

John Lennon was murdered late in 1980. When Shotton heard the news, he drove to George Harrison's home, Friar Park, and spent the day with Harrison. Later he wrote his memoir.

Shotton gave up his supermarket, and began a chain of restaurants, Fatty Arbuckle's, which became a success. He later sold this business, and retired to live in Ireland. When former members of Lennon's Quarry Men re-formed in the 1990s as a nostalgia act, Shotton performed with them. He later sang "Imagine" at a tribute to Lennon and the Beatles in Woolton.

Shotton died on 24 March 2017 in Knutsford, Cheshire from a suspected heart attack. aged 75.

Gustatory system

The gustatory system is the sensory system for the sense of taste.

The human body can be stimulated by certain things. This stimuli is measured by sensory receptors and the energy is converted to something our brain can understand. There are receptors in our tongue which can measure four main things.

This is the simplest receptor found in the mouth.

Sour tastes are usually received from acidic compounds.

Bitter tastes are important, since poisons are usually bitter and therefore we need to know whether or not to spit a bitter food out. This is the most complicated receptor found in the mouth.

Food which has a lot of carbohydrates such as glucose are sweet.

Olfactory system

The olfactory system is the sensory system used for olfaction or the sense of smell.

Most mammals and reptiles have two parts to their olfactory system. 

The olfactory system is often spoken as being similar to the gustatory system (taste system). Both are chemosensory senses. They change chemical signals into nerve impulses, which are translated into perceptions in the brain.
The part of the brain which deals with olfaction is the rhinencephalon, a small part in the human brain, but much more important in other vertebrates. The piriform cortex is probably the area most closely associated with identifying the odor. The medial amygdala is involved in social functions such as mating and recognising animals of the same species. The entorhinal cortex pairs odors with memories. The exact functions of these higher areas is still being researched. 

Linda B. Buck and Richard Axel won the 2004 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine for their work on the olfactory system. By analyzing rat DNA, they estimated that there were about one thousand different genes for olfactory receptors in the mammalian genome. 

Damage to the olfactory system can happen through brain injury, cancer or toxic gases. The damage is usually measured by doctors giving the patient something to smell and having the patient try to guess what it is.


Bricostore

Bricostore is a type of French hypermarket. They sell do-it-yourself (DIY) goods.


Pharaoh's Island

Pharaoh's Island is an island on the River Thames, in Surrey, England. 

The island is above Shepperton Lock. It can only be reached by boats.

The island was given to Admiral Nelson as a reward for winning Battle of the Nile, and he used it as a place to fish.


Ky Ebright

Carroll M. Ebright (March 20, 1894 - November 1979), sometimes known as Ky Ebright was a coach for the University of California, Berkeley crew team. He is the only man to coach three Olympic gold medal winning eight oared boats. Ky Ebright died in Berkeley, California at the age of 85.




Robert Johnson

Robert Johnson may mean:











Robert Johnson (musician)

Robert Johnson, born Robert Leroy Johnson (May 8, 1911 – August 16, 1938) is one of the most famous Delta blues musicians.

He is known worldwide as the "King of the Delta Blues." He has also been called the "Grandfather of rock and roll."

He was born in Hazlehurst, Mississippi. He was the 11th child of his mother Julia Major Dodds, and 10th child of his father Charles Dodds. When he was born, his father had left his mother. He was brought up by a field worker named Noah Johnson. That is why he chose "Johnson" for his family name.

Johnson began playing guitar when he was a child. In February 1929, he married Virginia Travis and became serious about playing the guitar. His wife died in childbirth at the age of 16 in April 1930. Johnson began traveling up and down the Delta. Around 1936, he was introduced to other blues players through a friend.

He had a remarkable combination of talent for singing, playing the guitar and composing songs. His vocals, the originality of his songs and his style of playing guitar have influenced many musicians. These include: John Fogerty, Bob Dylan, Jimi Hendrix, The Yardbirds, The Black Keys, and The White Stripes. Eric Clapton said Johnson is "the greatest blues musician ever to live."

Johnson was ranked 71st on Rolling Stone magazine list of "100 Greatest Guitarists of All Time." In 1986, he was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame.

Johnson died on August 16, 1938. He died at the age of twenty-seven from poisoning. His early death and unknown early life have led to the spread of many legends.

Eleven records were made by Robert Johnson with Vocalion during his lifetime, and a twelfth record was made once he had died.

All following songs were released after 1939:

Ishman Bracey

Ishmon Bracey (January 9, 1899 or 1901 – February 12, 1970), was a blues singer and guitarist from Mississippi.

Bracey was born in Byram, Mississippi. He started playing at local dances and parties in about 1917. He also worked as a waterboy on the Illinois Central Railroad. His first recorded song was in Memphis in 1928. He played as lead guitar with Charlie McCoy on rhythm guitar.

In the 1920s, Bracey had not yet started playing delta blues and each of his songs were different. However, he was one of the only Mississippi blues musicians to sing with a nasal voice. He often sang about skin creams and powders which would lighten dark skin.

When he recorded in 1930, his voice had become deeper. This meant that he could not sing high enough for some of his songs and the songs had to be changed. He recorded after in 1931 for Paramount Records with a group called "The New Orleans Nehi Boys", which had a guitarist called Charles Taylor. 

Bracey has recorded 16 songs in all, the original copies of his 78-rpm records are some of the most valuable things in blues collecting history. "Trouble Hearted Blues" and "Left Alone Blues" are his best known songs.

Bundesfinanzhof

The Bundesfinanzhof or "Federal Finance Court" is one of the federal supreme courts of Germany. It is the final court of appeals for cases about tax and customs law. It hears cases from the "Finanzgerichte" (Finance Courts).

The "Federal Finance Court" was first created in 1918. It has its headquarters in Munich, Bavaria.


Hot Club de Paris

Hot Club de Paris are a band which came from Liverpool, United Kingdom. They are signed to the London-based Moshi Moshi Records, a record company, and released their debut album "Drop It 'Til It Pops" in October 2006. Their second album, "Live at Dead Lake", was released in June 2008.

The band formed in early 2004 after band members Matthew and Paul met in 2003 working at Chester racecourse. It's other members were playing in different bands in the Liverpool music scene including street punkers Down and Outs and new wave popsters Victor FME. 

They both loved American punk rock bands (Minutemen, Firehose, SST Records bands etc.) and they became interested in math rock and experimental indie bands which influenced their music a lot. They signed to Moshi Moshi Records in 2005, and have since toured around the world to support the release of their debut record. 

They have been shown on a number of music-based TV shows in the UK and their record played airplay on a number of radio stations including BBC Radio1, BBC 6 Music and XFM, whose DJ John Kennedy has championed the band. Kennedy claimed that their debut album is 'one of the best of 2006'.

They have toured with a number of bands including Jamie T, Maxïmo Park and The Who. 

They played at the 2007 SXSW music festival in Austin, Texas and have toured in the UK, Italy, Belgium, Ireland, Spain, France, Sweden, Iceland, Germany, Switzerland, the United States, Holland and India.

They recorded their second album ("Live at Dead Lake") in Chicago with Brian Deck. Brian Deck has previously produced Iron and Wine and Modest Mouse. It was released in 2008.

They released two EPs in 2010: "With Days Like This As Cheap As Chewing Gum, Why Would Anyone Want To Work?" and "The Rise And Inevitable Fall Of The High School Suicide Cluster Band". Tracks from these EPs were released on the album "Free The Pterodactyl Three" in 2011.


Hot Club De Paris have released several tracks on compilation albums, including "Can You Hear Me Clearly?", on Moshi Moshi records, and a rare CDR release "Munkyfest v7.0", released by the organisers of the "Munkyfest" festival. 



Willie Brown

The name Willie Brown may mean:



Willie Brown (musician)

Willie Brown (August 6, 1900 – December 30, 1952) was an American guitarist and singer. He played with Charley Patton, Son House, and Robert Johnson.

Brown was born in Clarksdale, Mississippi.

He was known to be shy and only wanting to accompany other musicians rather than play lead guitar. Robert Johnson called him "my friend boy Willie Brown".

Brown is heard playing on the Paramount label sessions of 1930. He played "M & O Blues" and "Future Blues". He also played songs with Son House and Charlie Patton. There are also rumours that he played with Luke Thomson and Thomas "Clubfoot" Coles. At least four other songs he recorded for Paramount have never been found.

Brown also played a song during the Great Depression for the Library of Congress called "Make Me a Pallet on the Floor".

A song called "Rowdy blues" was thought to have Brown playing on rhythm guitar since he played another song ("Future Blues") on the same album ("Son House & The Great Delta Blues Singers").

He died of heart disease in Tunica, Mississippi at the age of 52.


Sid Wilson

Sidney George "Sid" Wilson (born January 20, 1977) is an American musician and member of Slipknot. In Slipknot he is known as #0. He is known as the craziest member of Slipknot because of his over-the-top antics, such as jumping into the audience and moshing along with them, hitting himself with the custom percussion instruments, and walking on top of the crowd. He also performs as DJ Starscream.

His injuries include breaking both of his heels. He likes the television series "Transformers" and takes his DJ name "Starscream" from one of its characters. He also has tattoos of the characters. In Slipknot he wears a metallic style mask with lighting up eyes and moving eyebrows and mouth.

Mahamudra

Mahamudra (Sanskrit: "great seal") is an advanced form of meditation in Buddhism. It is practiced by the Kagyu, Gelug and Sakya schools of Tibetan Buddhism.

The Bön and Nyingma schools practice a different advanced form of meditation called Dzogchen.

Discount store

A discount store is a type of department store, which sell products at prices lower than traditional retail outlets. Most discount department stores offer wide assortments of goods; others specialize in such merchandise as jewelry, electronic equipment, or electrical appliances. Discount department stores are more popular in the United States than other countries. 

Second Temple

The Second Temple (Hebrew: בית המקדש meaning 'Holy House') was the reconstructed Temple in Jerusalem which stood between 516 BC and 70 AD. It is also known as Herod's Temple. During this time, it was the center of Jewish worship. The Romans destroyed Jerusalem and its Second Temple on August 4, 70 A.D.



Temple in Jerusalem

The Temple in Jerusalem or Holy Temple (, transliterated "Bet HaMikdash", which means literally "The Holy House") stood on the Temple Mount "(Har HaBayit)" in the old city of Jerusalem. According to classical Jewish belief, it was the "footstool" of God's presence in the physical world. It was the place where Jews brought all the offerings described in the Torah.

The First Temple, also called Solomon's Temple, was built by King Solomon in seven years during the 10th century BCE and has been dated astronomically to 957 BCE. It was the center of ancient Judaism. This first Temple was destroyed by the Babylonians in 586 BCE. A new temple was built from 535 BCE to 516 BCE. That was destroyed by the Romans in 70 CE. All of the outer walls still stand, although the Temple itself has long since been destroyed.
The Islamic Dome of the Rock has stood on the site of the Temple since the late 7th Century CE. The al-Aqsa Mosque, from roughly the same period, also stands on the Temple courtyard.



Mean Girls

Mean Girls is a 2004 American teen comedy movie starring Lindsay Lohan, Rachel McAdams, Tim Meadows, Ana Gasteyer, Amy Poehler, and Tina Fey. It was written by Fey and directed by Mark Waters.

"Mean Girls" is about a teenage girl, Cady Heron, who used to be home schooled in Africa but moves to the United States and has to go to a normal high school in Evanston, Illinois. On her first day at school, she hates it. She thinks it is a bit weird because she cannot go to the toilet when she wants, cannot write in green ink and has to stay in the same seat every time she goes into a lesson. 

On the second day it becomes more successful as she makes new friends, Janis and Damian. When they skip a lesson, Janis and Damian give her a map of the school eating area. It is arranged into different sorts of people and their personalities. At lunch time Cady is on her way to sit with her new friends but is interrupted, then Regina, Gretchen and Karen ("The Plastics") ask her to sit with them and so she sits with them.

Soon, Cady joins the Plastics, and Janis devises a plan to shatter them. Cady convinces Regina to eat these bars that will make her gain weight instead of lose weight. However, Cady becomes too much like the Plastics, and throws a party at her parents' house without their permission. She tries to hook up with Regina's boyfriend, but he rejects her because she's "just like a clone of Regina now". Janis tells Cady that she's just like one of the Plastics now. 

Janis reveals to the entire school about her and Cady's plan to ruin Regina's reputation. Regina is upset and leaves the school but is hit by a bus. Low grades in calculus class force Cady to rethink her plans. She joins the math team, and works on getting her grades up. She manages to help the math team win a championship.


"Mean Girls 2" was released in 2011 on DVD. None of the actors from "Mean Girls" were in it apart from Tim Meadows.


French Open

The French Open is one of the four Grand Slam tennis tournaments. It is played in Paris, France. The first competition was held in 1891.

The French Open is known for being the only Grand Slam played on a clay court. On a clay court the ball bounces much slower and higher than on hard or grass courts. This makes it more difficult to win the point and rallies (the number of shots in a point) usually last longer. Players that excel on clay courts are called "clay-court specialists".

The tournament is played for two weeks. It starts in late May and finishes in early June.

Sometimes, the French Open is called the Roland Garros tournament. Roland Garros was a well-known aviator from World War I who had the main tennis court named after him.

The singles winners in 2016 were Novak Djokovic and Garbiñe Muguruza. The singles winners in 2015 were Stan Wawrinka and Serena Williams.


Sami

Sami might mean:



Sam Chatmon

Sam Chatmon (January 10 1897 - February 2 1983), was a guitarist and singer.

Chatmon was born in Bolton, Mississippi.

Chatmon had a very musical family, all of them lived in Mississippi. Two of Sam's brothers, fiddler Lonnie Chatmon and guitarist Bo Carter, performed with guitarist Walter Vinson as the Mississippi Sheiks. Chatmon himself was a member of the family's string band when he was young. He performed all the time for white audiences in the 1900s.

The Chatmon band played:

Chatmon played the banjo, mandolin, harmonica and the guitar. He played at parties and on street corners in Mississippi for money and tips. In the 1930s he recorded songs with his brothers.

Chatmon moved to Hollandale, Mississippi in the early 1940s and worked on plantations in Hollandale. He started playing again in 1960, playing mostly blues music. In the same year, he recorded songs for Arhoolie Records. He went on tours in the 1960s and 1970s and played for many festivals such as the Festival of American Folklife in Washington, D.C. in 1972, the Mariposa Fest in Toronto in 1974, and the New Orleans Jazz and Heritage Festival in 1976.



Medicine wheel

A medicine wheel is a stone structure built by the natives of North America for spiritual and ritual purposes.

They appear mostly in Alberta, Canada. They were built by laying out stones in a circular pattern. They often look like a wagon wheel laying flat. They could be large, reaching up to 75 feet across.

Medicine wheels are still used today in the Native American traditions. However, the meaning is usually not shared outside the tribe.


Stone structure

Stone structures, or "megaliths", have been built by men for thousands of years. Many of these structures were built around the same time (the 3rd millennium BC).

Some of the better known ones are:


Megalith

A megalith is a large stone used to build a structure or monument, either alone or together with other stones. Megalithic means structures made of such large stones, put together without the use of mortar or cement. 

The word "megalith" comes from the Ancient Greek ' "megas" meaning "great", and ' "lithos" meaning "stone". It has been used to describe stone structures built by people from many parts of the world living in many different times. Many megaliths were used to figure out the dates of the solstices and equinoxes.

These structures were built mainly in the Neolithic period. They continued to be built into the Bronze Age. Some were built even earlier in the Mesolithic period.

A famous example of a megalith is Stonehenge.


Moshi Moshi Records

Moshi Moshi Records is a small London-based independent record label that has released music by the bands such as The Rakes, Bloc Party, Hot Chip, Hot Club De Paris, Kate Nash, Junkboy, Architecture in Helsinki, Tilly and the Wall, Yeti, and its newest release is from a group called Au Revoir Simone. Mates Of State is the Moshi Moshi's 50th release.

It is named after the Japanese telephone greeting "Moshi Moshi" ().




Joey Jordison

Nathan Jonas "Joey" Jordison (April 26, 1975 – July 26, 2021) was an American musician. He was the drummer for the band Slipknot. In Slipknot, he was known as #1. He is also the guitarist for Murderdolls.

Jordison died on July 26, 2021 at the age of 46. He was suffering from transverse myelitis when he died.

Richard Cromwell

Richard Cromwell (4 October 1626 – 12 July 1712) was the third son of Oliver Cromwell, and the second Lord Protector of England, Scotland and Ireland, for little over eight months, from 3 September 1658 until 25 May 1659. Richard Cromwell's enemies called him "Hickory Dick" and "Queen Dick".

Richard Cromwell was not suited to ruling the country. He followed his father as ruler only because he was Oliver's oldest living son, and people expected one of Oliver's sons to follow him. After a short time, he gave up power and he knew that many of the people wanted King Charles II to come back from Holland and rule the country. When it was agreed that Charles would return, Richard thought it would be best for him to leave Britain, and he went to live in France for a while. He changed his name to "John Clarke" and travelled around Europe, not returning home for twenty years. When he came back, he lived quietly outside London for the rest of his life.

The nursery rhyme "Hickory Dickory Dock" is actually about Richard Cromwell. One of Richard's nicknames was Hickory Dick. The mouse in the rhyme runs down when the clock strikes one and Cromwell only reigned for one year.



 

Cipriano de Rore

Cipriano de Rore (born in Ronse, Flanders, 1515 or 1516; died Parma, September 1565) was a composer who lived in the Renaissance period. He was Flemish, but spent all his adult life in Italy. The name de Rore is a proper Flemish name, not a name that has been changed to look Italian. He was one of the most important composer of madrigals in the 16th century.

There is very little known about Rore's early life. He was born in a small town called Ronse (Renaix) in what is now Belgium. It is possible that he had music lessons in Antwerp. We think that he was taken to Italy by Margaret of Parma in 1533 as one of her servants. Margaret, who was an illegitimate daughter of Charles V, was very wealthy and she married into the Medici family. Rore probably continued to learn about music in Italy.

In his music publications de Rore is called a “disciple” of Adrian Willaert. We do not know whether this means that he had lessons from Willaert, or just that he learned to compose by studying Willaert’s music. His first book of madrigals was published in 1542, and then two books of motets were published.

In 1546 Rore went to Ferrara, where he was "maestro di cappella" (choirmaster) He wrote a great deal of music in Ferrara. He worked for the Duke Ercole II d'Este. He composed masses, motets, chansons, and lots of madrigals, some of which were about things that happened in the court at Ferrara. The duke awarded him an important honour. Rore also wrote music for Albrecht V of Bavaria who lived in Munich.

He left his job in Ferrara and went back to Flanders where he found his home town Ronse had been destroyed in a war. He went back to Ferrara, but could not get his old job back. After another visit to Flanders he returned to Italy and got a job in Parma, but the music in that town was not very good. For a short time he had a very important job of
"maestro di cappella" at St. Mark's. Adrian Willaert had just died. However, Rore only kept this job for a year, returning to Parma in 1564 and dying there the next year.

Rore is best known for his Italian madrigals, but he also wrote a lot of church music, including masses and motets. He learned from studying the music of Josquin. His madrigals are based on the style of Willaert. He enjoyed writing thick counterpoint and making the voices imitate one another a lot. Most of the words he set were serious words, not lighthearted and amusing. He often used chromaticism. He developed his musical style a lot during his lifetime. His music was very important in the development of the Italian madrigal, and it led the way to the madrigals of Monteverdi.


Flemish language

Flemish is a cluster of Dutch dialects spoken by people in the Flanders region of Belgium. Dutch became the official language of the northern part of Belgium in 1938.


1965 Yerevan demonstrations

The 1965 Yerevan Demonstrations were a 24-hour mass protest in Yerevan, Armenian SSR on the occasion of the 50th anniversary of the Armenian genocide. It is said that this event constitutes the first step in the struggle for the recognition of the 1915 genocide.

On April 24, 1965, for the first time for any such demonstration in the entire Soviet Union, one million protesters held a 24-hour demonstration in front of the Opera House, and demanded that the Soviet Union government officially recognize the Armenian Genocide committed by the Young Turks in the Ottoman Empire, and build a memorial in Armenia's capital city of Yerevan to perpetuate the memory of the victims of the Armenian Genocide.

Many committed intellectuals, such as Silva Kaputikyan, had made impassioned pleas to the authorities in Moscow. The memorial, on Tsitsernakaberd hill, was completed in 1967.

Following the example of this high-profile demonstration, similar protests were made throughout the world, in whichever country the Armenian Diaspora exists. Since the day of the protests, Armenians to this day visit the memorial and make protests around the world to gain acceptance of the Armenian Genocide by Turkey.



Armenian Revolutionary Army

The Armenian Revolutionary Army (ARA) was a terror organization. Its last attack occurred in 1985.

5 Armenian gunmen (known as "Lisbon Five") attacked the Turkish embassy in Lisbon in 27 July, 1983. The first Armenian was killed by security guards at the start of the attack. The wife and the son of Osman Ozturk, the Turkish chargé d'affaires, and a Portuguese policeman also died in the assault, 4 people were injured. Portugal's Interior Minister Eduardo Perella said the government received intelligence information "that Armenian groups might attack Wednesday and beefed up security at diplomatic missions". 
The Armenian Revolutionary Army claimed responsibility for attack.

In a message dropped in the mailbox of The Associated Press office in Lisbon, the group said: "We have decided to blow up this building and remain under the collapse. This is not suicide... but rather our sacrifice to the altar of freedom". The group said the attack had been carried out because "Turkey and its allies refused to acknowledge the genocide of Armenians".


Thin film transistor liquid crystal display

A thin film transistor liquid crystal display (TFT-LCD) is a technology which is used in LCD monitor and television displays. TFT technology can be used to give one of the clearest pictures of any flat screen display and it uses much less electricity than older screens. TFT displays are very fragile because they are made as thin and light as possible but this means they need far less space than the older CRT displays. Widescreen Displays (which have an aspect ratio of 16:9) are becoming the most popular form of television and monitor displays. Standard format (which have an aspect ratio of 4:3) was the most popular for a long time.

The number of pixels in a display screen is called the resolution.
The word resolution means the solution of a problem. Better resolution on a display screen describes how detailed a picture can be displayed. Each pixel is another detail on the screen. This is normally described as two numbers, (width) x (height).

TFT dislays are also known as flatscreen, flat-panel, and liquid crystal display (LCD) but these types are not always TFTs.

TFT displays are made with a special chemical technology called chemical vapor deposition. With this special technology very thin glass can be coated with electrically metal and still be transparent. Chemical vapor deposition makes the thinnest computer and television display screens possible. 

As a result of applying this solution, a capacitor with a transistor is fixed to the pixels. Therefore, it is possible to create the necessary contrast. Among the minuses: poor viewing angle, impaired color rendering, increased power consumption. This technology has not yet been discontinued just because it is in high demand among consumers due to its affordable cost.

Most display screens have hundreds of thousands of pixels. Each pixel has to be set to the right colour (most display screens are capable of 16 million colours in each pixel). To make a clear picture, the screen might need to make millions of calculations. Any group of pixels that change to the same colour can be changed with one calculation, making the calculations much smaller. For example, if the picture to display was just a white screen, the screens processor would only calculate the colour once and use the same calculation for the whole screen. Changing one pixel at a time would take many more calculations. If the same picture was shown many times on the screen, the processor would calculate the picture once and then repeat it in whatever position and in different sizes, if needed. The processor can make very complicated calculations, but in the end it does less work. This is called rendering technology. Rendering technology in the most modern displays is like making a mosaic.

A display with a resolution of 1600 x 1200 pixels has four times the number of pixels in an 800 x 600 resolution. Without rendering technology the 1600 x 1200 display would do four times as much work as an 800 x 600 display so rendering technology is very useful to make a bigger display with some of the same parts used to make a smaller display.

The response time is the length of time it takes between the processor receiving a signal from the computer or the television station and displaying something on the screen. Today's displays have a very low response time (very fast). It is hard to see response times but they can affect a clear picture. A low response time is best for clear pictures when playing games and watching movies on the screen. For office work and internet browsing a fast response time is less important.

TFT response time is measured as the average time it takes to change the pixels from one shade of grey to another shade of grey.

Changing a pixel between colours takes more time than changing from black to white on a display screen. TFT is very fast for changing between colours which is more important for movies and games.

Positive aspects of TFT displays:


Negative aspects of TFT displays


At one time, there were some positive advantages of CRT displays, which are no longer true:


Negative aspects of CRT displays:


TN is an abbreviation for Twisted Nematic. This is a new kind of TFT technology. They offer higher resolutions (more pixels). TN panels have a lower response time (they react faster).

Jenkem

Jenkem is an alleged drug that was supposedly invented in poor parts of Africa.

When it is ready to be used, it is a gas. It is created from feces left in a container to ferment for a long time.

When breathed in, Jenkem makes the person see crazy things. It is like a crazy dream, the person imagines things happening that are not really happening. The person may also hear sounds that are not really there. This is called a hallucination. Jenkem is also used to make a person happy. Because it is made out of fermented waste (or old feces), it is also very stinky.

Some say it is as if you have a curtain in front of you.

Because Jenkem is human waste and is inhaled (huffing), the person can get an infection because of the dirt and germs in the waste.
Jenkem also contains methane, which is explosive and flammable.

US Open (tennis)

The US Open is one of the four Grand Slam tennis tournaments. It is played in Queens, New York City in the USA. It is run by United States Tennis Association. The tournament has been played on three different surfaces:

The tournament was first played in 1881 for men, and 1887 for women. In 2006, the U.S. Open became the first Grand Slam to use Hawk-Eye. Hawk-Eye is a machine that can give a virtual replay of the shot that has just been played - this is useful for seeing if the ball was in or out. When a player does not agree with the umpire, they can ask to use Hawk-Eye. As of 2007, the other three Grand Slams use this machine too.

The US Open is the final Grand Slam of the year and is played over two weeks, in late August and early September.




Mobile device

A mobile device is an electronic device which its user can easily carry with them. Typical examples are a mobile phone, PDA and handheld game consoles. Mobile devices do not need an external power supply to work. Usually, they have a battery to hold electricity to work without electric wires. A user can change, send and move data by connecting to a modem or cable, or more often wirelessly. 

Uses for these devices include reading and writing e-mails, surfing in the internet and listening to music. Smartphones, tablets and similar complicated mobile devices can run computer programs including computer games, and have many of the functions of a desktop PC.


Mobile devices can be classified by size and capabilities:


Tor (software)

Tor is a group of computer servers that keep users anonymous on the Internet. It works by moving data across many Tor servers, called "hops". The role of each server is to only move that data to another server. With the final hop moving data to the end site. As a result, information transmitted in this way is hard to trace.

Tor is also the name that some people give to the web browser used to access the Tor server, the Tor Browser Bundle. The browser is actually a specific version of Mozilla Firefox that has been changed so that it is extremely safe and secure.

Tor is used to hide Internet users. People who run the Tor network run a network of onion routers. This makes the location of the user secret. Services can also be hosted from "secret" locations using the Tor "Hidden services" feature. A hidden service is an anonymous website that search engines like Google don't know about, and it uses an Onion address as its URL. Onion addresses are URLs that looks like 16 random letters and numbers and ends with codice_1. People usually use the Tor browser to go to those sites.

The Tor network can be used for purposes that are against the law in some places. This can be criticizing leaders of state, P2P sharing of copyrighted files, moving child pornography., or buying and selling illegal drugs.


Damage deposit

A damage deposit or deposit is a sum of money that is paid when one rents an item. It is paid to ensure the owner that it is returned in good condition. It is very common with rented accommodation. There it may also be called a tenancy deposit or in some places a tenancy bond.

The owner of the item (the landlord in the case of accommodation) will take a sum of money from the person(s) renting the item (the tenant). If the item is returned in good condition at the end of the tenancy the owner should return the deposit. If the item is returned with damage the cost of repairing that damage may be charged against the deposit, and part (or none) of the deposit will be returned.


Accommodation

Accommodation can mean:


Lodging

Lodging or holiday accommodation is a type of accommodation. People who travel and stay away from home for more than a day need lodging mainly for sleeping. Other purposes are safety, shelter from cold and rain, and to have a place to store luggage and being able to take a shower.

They do that in a hotel, hostel or hostal, a private home (for example, a bed and breakfast or guest house place), in a tent, or a caravan/camper (often on a campsite). 

Lodging may also refer to when cereal crops fall over, often due to wind or rain pressure, making grain harvest difficult.



Republic of Venice

The Most Serene Republic of Venice (, ), was a state where modern Venice is now. It existed for one thousand one hundred years, from the late 7th century until the late 18th century (1797, when it was conquered by Napoleon). It was an great economic and trading power which was ruled by a leader called the Doge.

Venice was, at its height, the most powerful trading state in Europe.
It was based in the lagoon communities of the historically prosperous city of Venice. It held property in many places. This property was known as the "Stato da Màr". 

There were conflicts with the Catholic Church in Rome, and with Austria. War with their enemies brought the plague in 1630. In 16 months 50,000 people died in Venice, one third of the population. War with Turkish pirates
drained their strength. In 1714 the Turks declared was on Venice, and captured islands of the Peloponnese which had belonged to Venice.
The Republic of Venice declined in the 18th century.

Mindroling Monastery

Mindroling Monastery is one of the six major monasteries of the Nyingma school in Tibet. It was founded by Rigzin Terdak Lingpa in 1676. Tendrak Lingpa's lineage is known as the "Nyo" lineage. "Mindroling" in Tibetan means "Place of Perfect Freedom". It is near Lhasa on the south side of the Tsangpo river.

Mindroling was damaged in 1718 by the Dzungar Mongols from East Turkistan.
It was built again during the life of the Seventh Dalai Lama, Kelzang Gyatso (1708-1757).

Mindroling Monastery has a university. Nyingma scholars and yogis from all over Tibet studied there. The students studied Buddhist scriptures, astronomy, Tibetan lunar calendar, calligraphy, rhetoric, and Traditional Tibetan medicine. Monks studied thirteen major "sutra" and "tantra" texts of the Nyingma. They also learned from found teachings called "terma". The head of the school was very important in Tibet. 

At the time of the 1959 revolt against Chinese Communist rule in Central Tibet, there were around 300 monks at Mindroling. In the years after 1959, the monastery again was damaged, but not as badly as other monasteries such as Ganden. Now, the monastery is still being rebuilt .

In 1965, His Eminence Khochhen Rinpoche and a small group of monks started a new Mindroling monastery located near the hill town of Dehra Dun in Uttarakhand state, India. It now contains Ngagyur Nyingma College, one of the largest Buddhist institutes in India.



Royal Mail

Royal Mail is a postal service company in the United Kingdom and Northern Ireland. It was established as early as 1516. The British Government formerly owned it and since 2013 own 30% of it. 

The Universal Service Obligation says the company must deliver letters to all 32 million UK addresses six days a week, Monday to Saturday. It has put up the price of postage stamps because the number sent has dropped. They say the network was built for 20 billion letters but is now only delivering seven billion. In 2024 people got two letters a week on average. It lost £419 million in 2023. 



Body dysmorphic disorder

Body dysmorphic disorder (BDD) is a mental illness where someone is too critical of their body. If there is something wrong with their body, it is usually so small that a person without BDD would not be unhappy about it at all. People claim that they are insecure, but BDD is far worse.

Most people without BDD may not like some parts of their body, but people with BDD believe that they are so ugly, even though they are not, that they find it difficult to talk or exist with other people, or live normally, scared that other people will be mean to them because of the way they look. People with BDD often do not look for help because they are afraid others will think they are just vain, or they may feel too embarrassed to talk to other people as they think they are so ugly.

BDD is a somatoform disorder. People with BDD may look at themselves in the mirror too much, or some people with BDD may actually try not to look in the mirror. Both of these are possible for a person with BDD. They usually think about their body for more than one hour per day, and in bad cases, can stop talking to other people, and may stay at home. People with BDD often have very low self-confidence, because they believe that a person's value is linked to what they look like, and because they do not think that they are beautiful themselves, they do not think they have much value.


Sigmund Freud had an important Russian person (Sergei Pankejeff) with him in the past, who would have been classified as having the disorder in modern times. Freud named him "The Wolf Man", to protect Pankejeff's identity. Pankejeff was so unhappy with his nose that he could not live a normal life.

It is unknown what the full cause of BDD is. However, research shows that a number of things may be the cause:

"The chemicals in the brain." If the amount of serotonin is too low, one of the brain's neurotransmitters which gives us 'mood' and 'pain', may help cause body dysmorphic disorder. Scientists can not explain this chemical problem in the brain, but it may be hereditary (passed down from parents to child).

"Obsessive-compulsive disorder." Many people with BDD also have OCD, where the person does things without wanting to. If people have had, or have a genetic link to OCD, the person may be more likely to have BDD.

"Generalized anxiety disorder." Many people with BDD also have generalized anxiety disorder. This disorder is where the person worries about things a lot, which makes them have anxiety about things in their life, for example, about their body, as in BDD.

BDD usually develops in adolescence, a time when people usually worry about their appearance the most. However, many people with BDD suffer for years before they look for help. When they do look for help to Doctors, people with the problem often say they have other problems, for example, depression, social anxiety, or obsessive-compulsive disorder, but do not say their real problem is with the way they look. Most patients can not be convinced that the problem they have with their body is only 'imagined', and that they are seeing a 'changed' view of themselves, because people do not know much about BDD, compared to other mental problems, for example OCD or others.

The DSM (Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders) IV says that a person must have the things written below if they have BDD:

A person with BDD will often do these things:

Dr. Katharine Philips did research, with more than 500 people with BDD, on the percentage of patients unhappy with the most common parts of the body;

source: "The Broken Mirror", Katharine A Philips, Oxford University Press, 2005 ed, p56

However, people with BDD often are unhappy about more than one part of their body.

A German study has shown that 1-2% of the population has complete BDD, but a bigger percentage of people show some of the effects ("Psychological Medicine", vol 36, p 877).

The number of men and women with BDD is around the same, but there are slightly more women with it. However, the number of men and women who go to the doctor with it are the same.

Studies show that BDD is common non-clinical places and clinical places. Research was done on 200 people with DSM-IV BDD. These people were aged 12 and older. They were interviewed. The people with BDD were found from 'mental-health doctors', advertisements, their friends and family, and non-psychiatrist physicians. 53 of the 200 people were receiving medication, 33 were receiving psychotherapy, and 48 were receiving both medication and psychotherapy. How bad each person's BDD was, was assessed using the "Yale-Brown Obsessive Compulsive Scale", modified for BDD. Symptoms were assessed with the Body Dysmorphic Disorder Examination. Both tests were made just for BDD. The results showed that BDD is in 0.7% - 1.1% of community samples and 2%-13% of non-clinical samples. 13% of psychiatric patients had BDD. Research also found that some of the patients who were firstly diagnosed with OCD, also had BDD. 53 patients with OCD and 53 patients with BDD were compared to each other in research. Clinical features, comorbidity, family history, and population features were compared between the two groups. 9 of the 62 subjects (14.5%) of those with OCD also had BDD.

In most examples, BDD is not found even when people have it. In research done on 17 patients with BDD, BDD was 'found' in only five patients, and none of the patients had a proper diagnosis of BDD even though they all in fact had BDD.

BDD can cause only a few problems for some people. However, for other people, it can cause many problems.

It can make it very difficult to have a normal job or family life. People who have a job or a family to care for would definitely find life easier and better if they did not have BDD. The love partners of BDD people can also suffer, as they may sometimes lose their loved one to suicide. Friendship, romance, and family is very hard to hold for a person with BDD, as the unhappiness with the looks of the person takes over their life, so they often do not bother with the other aspects of life as much. Also, the BDD stops the person from making these 'bonds' with people, as they always feel scared about the way they look, and therefore find it difficult to be themselves with other people.

People with BDD may often have little motivation for anything. This means that BDD people can appear to take a long time to get everything done. However, this is not exactly true, because BDD sufferers will often just stop what they were doing for a long time, so it is not just that they are slow, but find it difficult to concentrate on what they are doing. without being able to actually motivate themselves until it becomes completely necessary to get back up. This low amount of motivation can be in all parts of a person's life, for example, school, friends, love, family, or work.

However, when the person is trying to do things to the way they look, such as combing their hair, or choosing clothes, it is common for the person to have an extreme motivation. Therefore, people with BDD can sometimes not feel motivated for anything in their life, but when they are working on their looks, they will have an extreme motivation that is not normal either.

People with BDD have a very high suicide rate compared to all mental problems.

Phillips & Menard did a lot of research in 2006 about BDD suicides.

Some people say that there is a link between undiagnosed BDD and a higher than average suicide rate with people who had cosmetic surgery.

Another condition, Gender identity disorder (GID), where the person finds his or her gender as a male or female uncomfortable, often has BDD-like feelings that are only directed at the primary and/or secondary sex characteristics on their body, which disagree with the person's perception of their own gender since birth. People with GID may also have BDD-like traits or their condition may be mis-diagnosed as BDD. Most studies reported a pre- transition GID suicide attempt rate of 20% or more. The suicide attempt rate for patients with BDD is 15%. No studies are available showing overlap between GID and BDD suicide rate because BDD is excluded as a condition prior to GID diagnosis.

BDD and GID are different conditions. One of the key differences is the fact that BDD responds to psychopharmacology, whereas GID does not. Furthermore, psychopharmacology or psychotherapy are often successful in convincing the BDD sufferer that their perceptions are distorted. Those with GID are rarely convinced that they are mistaken. GID (especially "transsexualism") also often manifests during early childhood, rather than during adolescence. It is standard practice in treating BDD to convince sufferers that surgical procedures are not necessary because eradicating their first perceived defect through surgery will only make them start obsessing about their next perceived defect, whereas those people properly diagnosed as "transsexual" under GID benefit greatly from surgical procedures specifically targeted at their primary or secondary sex characteristics. However, a person with GID may also have BDD if they obsess over perceived defects on their body that contradict or go beyond their gender identity.

BDD is often wrongly thought of as a 'vanity' obsession, but it is actually the opposite, because people with BDD believe they are very ugly, even though people without BDD do not think they are. There is not usually actually anything wrong with the way the person with BDD looks, but to that person, there is. A person with BDD can spend hours looking in the mirror, but they are not being vain, as they do not think they are attractive. People with BDD usually realize that worrying about their looks so much is bad, but they can not help it.

ALSO a person with BDD may alternatively avoid mirrors at all costs. Or any reflective surfaces for that matter. Including spoons, windows, mirrors, etc.

Research found that talking as therapy, has not worked to stop BDD. However, Cognitive Behavior Therapy (CBT) has been found to be more effective. In a study of 54 patients with BDD, some of them had Cognitive Behavior Therapy, and some had no treatment. BDD symptoms decreased a lot in those patients undergoing CBT. BDD was eliminated in 82% of cases at post treatment and 77% at follow-up. (8) Due to low levels of serotonin in the brain, another commonly used treatment is SSRI drugs (Selective Serotonin Reuptake Inhibitor). 74 subjects were enrolled in a placebo controlled study group to evaluate the efficiency of fluoxetine hydrochloride, a SSRI drug. Patients were randomized to receive 12-weeks of double-blind treatment with fluoxetine or the placebo. At the end of 12 weeks, 53% of patients responded to the fluoxetine.

Body Dysmorphic Disorder is a chronic disease that has symptoms that never subside. Instead, they get worse as time goes on. Without treatment, BDD could last a lifetime. In many cases, as illustrated in The Broken Mirror by Katharine Phillips, the social lives of many patients disintegrates because they are so preoccupied with their appearance.


BDD (disambiguation)

BDD is an abbreviation. It may mean:

Bed and breakfast

A bed and breakfast is a private home in which someone can stay when travelling abroad.


Bob Cobb

Bob Cobb can mean:

Camper

Camper can mean:


James Cotton

James "Jimmy" Cotton (July 1, 1935 – March 16, 2017), was an American blues harmonica player, singer, and songwriter. He was an orphan.

Cotton first became interested in playing music when he heard Sonny Boy Williamson on the radio. He left his home to find Sonny Boy Williamson, and when he found him (in West Helena, Arkansas), Williamson took him in and raised him. Blues singer Bobby Bland was his half-brother.

Cotton first began playing the blues harp in Williamson's band, called Howlin Wolf's. After one gig, Sonny Boy quit the band to live with his wife in Milwaukee. He left the band in Cotton's hands. Cotton said, "He just gave it to me. But I couldn't hold it together 'cause I was too young and crazy in those days an' everybody in the band was grown men, so much older than me."

Cotton started working with the Muddy Waters Band in 1955. He performed songs like "I Got My Mojo Working" and "She's Nineteen Years Old". After leaving Muddy's band in 1966, Cotton toured with Janis Joplin. Alone, Cotton wrote classic songs like "Cotton Crop Blues", "Rocket 88" and "Hold Me In Your Arms". He formed the James Cotton Blues Band in 1967. They performed all of Cotton's classics and more.

Cotton died at a medical center in Austin, Texas from pneumonia on March 16, 2017 at the age of 81.

Cotton played harmonica on Muddy Water's Grammy Award winning 1977 album "Hard Again". James Cotton's band would also get nominated for two Grammy Awards. The first one was for his 1984 release, "Live From Chicago: Mr. Superharp Himself!". His second for "Take Me Back". 

Cotton played with the following people:



Accommodation (eye)

Accommodation is the way the eye increases optical power (the degree to which the lens converges or diverges light). This is necessary to produce a clear image (focus) on an object when it draws near the eye. A lens that is more convex( fatter in the middle) would refract more light rays than a less convex lens (thinner lens). The lens can change shape because the cells of the lens contain an elastic crystalline protein. The young human eye can change focus from distance to seven centimeters from the eye in 350 milliseconds. 

The eye focuses on a given object by changing the shape of the eye lens through accommodation. This is controlled by ciliary muscle,which surrounds the lens. 


Focus (optics)

In geometrical optics, a focus (also called an image point) is the point where light rays that come from a point on the object converge (come together).

In reality the focus is never a point but a small spot called the "blur circle".

An image, or image point or region, is in focus if light from object points is converged almost as much as possible in the image, and out of focus if light is not well converged.

List of municipalities in Switzerland

The following is a list of the municipalities in Switzerland.

Vich, Switzerland

Vich is a municipality in Nyon in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.
The Plainisphare record label is in Vich.

Vich once had a paleolithic village (which are about 2.5 million years old) on it. There are also clues that it was lived on during the Bronze Age. There is also a Roman paved road running through it from Nyon to Orbe.

Vich was controlled by many people. It belonged to the lords of Besançon to Cossonay, Prangins and Savoy.

In 1536 the canton of Vaud was taken by the Bernese who kept it until 1798 when the canton was freed by the French revolutionary troops. In 1803, Vich joined the Swiss Confederation.


Ludiano

Ludiano was a municipality of the district Blenio in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland. On 1 April 2012, the former municipalities of Ludiano, Malvaglia and Semione merged to form the new municipality of Serravalle.

Lugaggia

Lugaggia was a municipality of the district Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland. On 20 April 2008, the former municipalities of Bidogno, Corticiasca and Lugaggia joined together and became the municipality of Capriasca.

Lugano

Lugano (Latin language: "Luganum") is a city of the district Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.

Lugano has existed as a town since at least 984. The territory of Lugano was fought over by Milan and Como throughout the Middle Ages. The city joined Switzerland in 1513. In 1956, Lugano hosted the first ever Eurovision Song Contest.

Since 2004 the former municipalities of Breganzona, Cureggia, Davesco-Soragno, Gandria, Pambio-Noranco, Pazzallo, Pregassona and Viganello were incorporated into the city. In 2008, they were followed by Barbengo, Carabbia and Villa Luganese. In 2013 the former municipalities of Bogno, Cadro, Carona, Certara, Cimadera, Sonvico and Valcolla were incorporated into the city.


Lumino

Lumino is a municipality of the district Bellinzona in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.


Egyptian pyramids

The Pyramids of Egypt are among the largest structures ever built and are one of the most important examples of Ancient Egyptian civilisation. Most were built during the Old and Middle Kingdom periods. 

The pyramid were mostly made of limestone. The top layers were casing blocks of especially good white limestone laid on top of the main blocks. Each casing block was then trimmed so that the outer surface of the pyramid would be smooth and white. Some capstones were covered with metal leaf.

The casing blocks from the Great Pyramid of Giza were all removed in the 14th and 15th centuries A.D. and used to build the city of Cairo. Some casing blocks still remain on the top of the pyramid next to Khufu's (belonging to Khafra). 

The ancient Egyptians built pyramids as tombs for the pharaohs and their queens. The pharaohs were buried in pyramids of different sizes from before the beginning of the Old Kingdom to the end of the Middle Kingdom.

Three small pyramids were built on the eastern side of the great pyramid. These pyramids were built for Khufu's queens.

A small satellite pyramid was built near the queens' pyramids. Some experts believe that this may have been built as a symbolic tomb for Khufu's ka (spirit).

Surrounding the pyramid there are several hundred mastaba tombs of nobles. The nobles wanted to be buried close to their pharaoh so that they would stay close to him in the next life.

There are about eighty pyramids known today from ancient Egypt. The three largest and best-preserved of these were built at Giza in the Old Kingdom. The best-known of these pyramids was built for the pharaoh Khufu. It is known as the 'Great Pyramid'.

The following table lays out the dates of construction of most of the major pyramids. Each pyramid is identified by the pharaoh who ordered it built, their approximate reign and its place.


Andy Murray

Sir Andrew Barron Murray (born 15 May 1987) is a British professional tennis player from Scotland, known as Andy Murray. He was ranked as the number one British tennis player from 2006 to early 2018. From 7 November 2016 to 20 August 2017 Murray was number 1 in the world rankings.

Murray represents Great Britain in his sporting activities and is a three-time Grand Slam tournament winner, two-time Olympic champion and Davis Cup champion.

Murray was born in Glasgow. His brother is tennis player Jamie Murray.

As a junior, Murray won the US Open and reached the semifinals of the French Open. Murray turned professional in 2005.

Murray was given a Wild Card to Wimbledon and the US Open in 2005, where he reached the third round to David Nalbandian at Wimbledon; and the second round at the US Open. Murray claimed his first title in 2006 at the SAP Open as he beat Lleyton Hewitt in the final. He has appeared in 11 Grand Slam finals, winning three. The first time was in the 2008 US Open. The second time was in the 2010 Australian Open. Both times he lost to Roger Federer. The third time was in the 2011 Australian Open, when he lost to Novak Djokovic. The fourth time was in the 2012 Wimbledon Championships, when he lost to Roger Federer again. Murray won a gold medal in the singles of the London 2012 Summer Olympics, beating Federer in straight sets. Murray won the US Open singles later in 2012, defeating Novak Djokovic. In 2013, Murray won the Wimbledon singles, beating Djokovic 6–4, 7–5, 6–4. In 2016, he won the Wimbledon singles again, beating Milos Raonic 6–4, 7–6, 7–6 in the final. In August 2016, he won the gold medal in the singles at the 2016 Summer Olympics.

This table shows Murray's performance in each Grand Slam tournament in singles.

Old Kingdom of Egypt

The Old Kingdom is the name for Egypt during the 3rd millennium BC when the civilization of Egypt had its first peak. It was the first of three so-called "Kingdom" periods, which mark the high points of civilization in the lower Nile Valley (the others being Middle Kingdom and the New Kingdom of Egypt).

Old Kingdom was the best by the Third Dynasty through to the Sixth Dynasty (2686 BC – 2134 BC). Many Egyptologists also include the Memphite Seventh and Eighth Dynasties in the Old Kingdom as a continuation of the administration centralized at Memphis. The Old Kingdom was followed by a period of disunity and relative cultural decline that is called the First Intermediate Period by Egyptologists.

The royal capital of Egypt during the Old Kingdom was Memphis. During the Old Kingdom era the great pyramids were built to be burial tombs for the Pharaohs. Because Pharaohs were believed to be given authority from heaven, they wished to walk to Ra, their Sun-god, after death. King Zoser's adviser Inhotep designed the pyramid, hoping to easily reach Ra. The tombs were built on the west bank of the Nile where the sun seemed to set. For this reason, the Old Kingdom is sometimes called "The Age of the Pyramids."

Khufu, called Cheops, was the Pharaoh who built the Great Pyramid at Giza, near Cairo. He believed his soul never died, so they stored food, clothes, and things he owned in the rooms of the pyramid. The Great Pyramid is one of the Seven Wonders of the World: tall as a forty-story building, it took a hundred thousand men twenty years to build. With only ramps and physical energy, they had to move and lift into place 2,300,000 blocks of limestone that were about two and one-half tons apiece. Slaves, farmers, and gangs of men had to work on the Great Pyramid, and were paid with valuable things, not coins (Egyptians had no coins).
To guard the pyramids, a huge stone statue called the Great Sphinx was created and placed nearby. The Great Sphinx has a man's head and a lion's body, with paws 50 ft (15 m) long.

At last, the priests overthrew the Pharaohs. Then the nobles and priests ruled.



Memphis, Egypt

Memphis was the ancient capital of the first nome of Lower Egypt, and of the Old Kingdom of Egypt from its foundation until around 2200 BC and later for shorter periods during the New Kingdom. It was an administrative centre throughout ancient history.

Its ancient Egyptian name was Ineb Hedj ("The White Walls"). The name "Memphis" () is the Greek of the Egyptian name of the pyramid of Pepi I (6th dynasty), which was Men-nefer, and became Menfe in Coptic. The modern cities and towns of Mit Rahina, Dahshur, Saqqara, Abusir, Abu Gorab, and Zawyet el'Aryan, south of Cairo, all lie within the administrative borders of historical Memphis ().

Memphis was also known in Ancient Egypt as Ankh Tawy ("That which binds the Two Lands") because of the strategic position of the city between Upper and Lower Egypt.

The ruins of Memphis are 20 km (12 miles) south of Cairo, on the west bank of the Nile.

In the Bible, Memphis is called Moph or Noph.



List of readability tests

This is a list of formulas which predict textual difficulty.

These are ways of predicting how hard a piece of writing will be to understand (its textual difficulty). Research has shown that two main factors affect the ease with which texts are read.

Formulae for predicting how difficult a sample of prose will be for readers are called "readability formulae". Some measure only the difficulty of the vocabulary: they are one-variable measures. Others include a measure of syntax such as sentence length.

Validity of formulae can be judged by comparing them to each other, which is a kind of consistency check. More important is a check for how well they predict an independent ("outside") criterion of readability.

One way to do this is to use a set of graded test passages. There the correlation coefficient of the better formulae "hovers around 70%". There have been many dozens of experimental tests, summarised by Klare. Correlations between readability measures and comprehension scores on passages are usual, as are correlations between readability scores are grade levels as chosen by experienced teachers. Quite an important result was got by Murphy, who increased the readability of a farm journal and found the readership much increased.

The SMOG formula uses one variable to predict the difficulty of a passage of prose. It was developed G. Harry McLaughlin in 1969 to make calculations as simple as possible. Like Gunning-Fog the formula uses words which have 3 or more syllables as an indicator for hardness; these words are said to be polysyllabic.

The original formula was given for samples of 30 sentences. It is:

This can be adjusted to work with any number of sentences:

McLaughlin also created directions for an approximate version which can be done with just mental calculation. 

Edgar Dale, a professor of education at Ohio State University, was one of the first critics of Thorndike's vocabulary-frequency lists. He claimed that they did not distinguish between the different meanings that many words have. He created two new lists of his own. One, his "short list" of 769 easy words, was used by Irving Lorge in his formula. The other was his "long list" of 3,000 easy words, which were understood by 80 percent of fourth-grade students. In 1948, he incorporated this list in a formula which he developed with Jeanne S. Chall, who was to become the founder of the Harvard Reading Laboratory. 

To apply the formula:

Raw Score = 0.1579PDW + 0.0496ASL + 3.6365

Where: 

Finally, to compensate for the "grade-equivalent curve," apply the following chart for the Final Score:

In 1995, Dale and Chall published a new version of their formula with an upgraded word list.

The formula for the Flesch reading-ease score is

Scores can be interpreted as shown in the table below.

The US Department of Defense uses the reading ease test as the standard test of readability for its documents and forms. Florida requires that life insurance policies have a Flesch reading ease score of 45 or greater.

Use of this scale is so ubiquitous that it is bundled with popular word processing programs and services such as KWord, IBM Lotus Symphony, Microsoft Office Word, WordPerfect, and WordPro.

The Gunning Fog, sometimes called the Fog index, is a formula developed by Robert Gunning. It was first published in his book "The Technique of Clear Writing" in 1952. It became popular because the score is easy to calculate. 

The formula has been criticized as it mainly uses sentence length. The critics argue that texts created with the formula will use shorter sentences without using simpler words. However, this criticism confuses "prediction of difficulty" with production of prose (writing). The role of readability tests is to predict difficulty; writing better prose is quite another matter. As discussed in prose difficulty, sentence length is an index of syntactical difficulty.

Where:

The Spache method compares words in a text to a list of words which are familiar in everyday writing. The words that are not on the list are called "unfamiliar". The number of words per sentence are counted. This number and the percentage of unfamiliar words is put into a formula. The result is a reading age. Someone of this age should be able to read the text. It is designed to work on texts for children in primary education or grades from to .

In 1974 Spache revised his Formula to: 

The calculations are performed in two steps. The first step finds the Estimated Close Percentage. The second step calculates the actual grade.

A simple version also exists that is not as accurate:

The Automated Readability Index was designed for real-time computing of readability for the electric typewriter.


Nome (Egypt)

A Nome (from , “district”) was an administrative part of ancient Egypt. Nome is a Greek name, used late in Egypt's history; the Egyptian name was "sepat".

The division of ancient Egypt into nomes happened before 3100 BC. These nomes began as autonomous city-states, but later began to join together. According to ancient tradition, the ruler Menes finally joined all the nomes into a single kingdom.

The nomes remain in place for more than 3,000 years.

Lower Egypt, from the Old Kingdom capital Memphis to the Mediterranean Sea, had 20 nomes. The first was based around Memphis, Saqqara, and Giza, in the area occupied by modern-day Cairo. The nomes were numbered in a more or less orderly fashion south to north through the Nile delta. The numbering started in the west, and continued with the higher numbers in the east. Alexandria was in the Third Nome; Bubastis was in the Eighteenth.

Upper Egypt was divided into 22 nomes. The first of these was centered around Elephantine close to Egypt's border with Nubia at the First Cataract – the area of modern-day Aswan. From there the numbering progressed downriver in an orderly fashion along the narrow fertile strip of land that was the Nile valley. Waset (ancient Thebes or contemporary Luxor) was in the Fourth Nome, Amarna in the Fourteenth, and Meidum in the Twenty-First.

The nomes are listed in separate tables for Upper and Lower Egypt

Alan K. Bowman (1990). "Egypt After the Pharaohs". Oxford University Press.


Cataracts of the Nile

The cataracts of the Nile are areas between Aswan and Khartoum where the water is shallow and flows quickly. The surface is broken by numerous small boulders and stones that lie on the river bed, as well as many small rocky islets. This is called "rapids or "white water".

River cataracts often go with a rapid down-drop of the river. They block the waterway, since boats cannot safely carry cargo through.

The six first cataracts of the River Nile were the main obstacles for boats sailing on the Nile in antiquity. Counted upstream (from north to south), the First Cataract is in modern Egypt; the rest are in Sudan.


The word cataract comes from the Greek word "Katarakhtes" meaning "waterfall".

In ancient times, Upper Egypt extended from the Nile Delta to the first cataract. Further upstream, in what is modern Sudan, the land was later controlled by the Kingdom of Kush.

The cataract faces north, not south, because the river flows north, from Lake Victoria in the south.

The 1899 book "The River War" by Winston Churchill explains each of the cataracts.




Paul Gray

Paul Dedrick Gray (April 8, 1972 – May 24, 2010) was an American musician and bassist for Nu Metal band Slipknot. He was born in Los Angeles, California and moved to Slipknot's home town when he was just a baby.

He was the only member of Slipknot who was not from Des Moines, Iowa.

On May 24, 2010, "The Des Moines Register" said that Gray had been found dead in a hotel room in the TownePalace Suites hotel in Urbandale, Iowa. 

An autopsy performed on June 21, 2010 showed that Gray died of an accidental overdose of morphine and fentanyl. It also showed that he had signs of a "significant heart disease".

His physician Daniel Baldi was charged with involuntary manslaughter in September 2011. Baldi was accused of continuing to write high-doses of prescription drugs for Gray even though it was known that Gray was a known drug addict. He was also charged with the deaths of seven others and pleaded not guilty when he faced charges.

Smog

Smog is a type of air pollutant; the word "smog" is a combination of smoke and fog. Classic smog results from large amounts of coal burning in an area and is caused by a mixture of smoke and sulfur dioxide.

London is where it first happened. Coal fires are now illegal in London, and trains are driven by other fuels. In cities like Los Angeles it is the exhaust fumes of cars which cause the smog. 

Delhi is supposed to be the most polluted city on Earth. Smogs cause lung diseases and increase the death rate. According to one estimate, air pollution causes the death of about 10,500 people in Delhi every year.

Peking (Beijing) is another city where air pollution is serious. Car emissions and coal burning are the main reasons for their pollution. They also get pollution from some neighbouring regions, due to the pattern of air movement in the area.

Smog (disambiguation)

Smog may also rmean:


Island Records (disambiguation)

Island Records may refer to the following music industry record labels:

Island Records

Island Records is a Jamaican-British record label that was founded by Chris Blackwell in Jamaica. It was based in England for many years, but is now owned by Universal Music Group of the United States, and is operated through The Island Def Jam Music Group.

This list is probably incomplete, and some of the dates are uncertain.


Fiction Records

Fiction Records is a record label that was founded in 1976 by Chris Parry as a home for The Cure. Other notable acts to release on Fiction around this time were the Purple Hearts, Back To Zero, Associates, Alberto y Lost Trios Paranoias and Eat (band). The label's first #1 record was "Wish" by The Cure in 1991, going #1 in the United Kingdom. The band left the record label in 2001, signing to Geffen at the end of the year.

After a period of several years, the label was then re-started in 2002 by Joe Munns, Paul Smernicki and Jim Chancellor as a Polydor imprint. The first release of this record label was a single by Snow Patrol.



Foals (band)

Foals are a dance-punk band from Oxford who play a mixture of Indie, techno and Math-Rock. The band work with Transgressive Records.

In August 2007, the band appeared in a mini episode of "Skins", which aired on Myspace.

The band appeared on the 16th November 2007 episode of Later With Jools Holland playing their songs 'Balloons' and 'Red Socks Pugie'.

The band have also appeared on T-Mobile's Transmission on Channel 4 where they performed the song Hummer.





Polydor Records

Polydor Records is a record label currently based in the UK, and is a subsidiary of Universal Music Group. 

Though Polydor's American branch is gone, in the United Kingdom, however, Polydor continues to sign chart-topping acts and remains one of the strongest imprints in the country — with artists such as Klaxons, Sophie Ellis-Bextor, Take That and Kaiser Chiefs. 

It also acts as the UK label for American-based acts under Interscope-Geffen-A&M like Eminem and Gwen Stefani.

In spring 2006, Polydor launched Fascination Records, a music label dedicated to pop music. Both Girls Aloud and Sophie Ellis-Bextor transferred to the new label.



Fascination Records

Fascination Records is a Polydor sub-label that launched in spring 2006. The record label is managed by former TOTP Magazine editor Peter Loraine.

As part of Polydor Records UK, the label will concentrate on a small number of pop acts and will complement the re-activated Fiction rock imprint.




Lists of record labels

Lists of record labels cover record labels, brands or trademarks associated with marketing of music recordings and music videos. The lists are organized alphabetically, by genre, by company and by location.


Laura Marling

Laura Marling (born 1 February 1990) is a British folk singer-songwriter. Marling won Best Female Solo Artist at the 2011 Brit Awards.

Marling was born in Hampshire. She went to Leighton Park School. When she was 16 she moved to London.

Marling has toured with a number of well-known indie artists in the UK including Jamie T, who personally invited her on tour with him in 2010 after he attended her second-ever gig.

She performed at this summer's 02 Wireless Festival
and also performed at the first Underage Music Festival in August 2007 at Victoria Park, East London. She has also performed at Electric Gardens Music festival in Kent .

Her debut single came out on WayOutWest Records, with a new single coming out soon on Virgin Records. 

She appeared on Later with Jools Holland where she performed the song "New Romantic". Marling's first album "Alas I Cannot Swim" was released on 4 February 2008. Her single Ghosts was out on 15 January 2008.

Marling's second album "I Speak Because I Can" was released in 2010.

In 2011 her third album "A Creature I Don't Know" was released.

In 2013 Marling's fourth album "Once I Was An Eagle" was released. It got good reviews. It reached number three in the UK Album Chart. Marling was nominated for Best British Female at the 2014 Brit Awards.





List of record labels: 0–9

This is a list of notable record labels starting with numbers.



]
Reproduction (disambiguation)

Reproduction may mean:



Self-replication

Replication is a general word for making a copy. Self-replication is how a thing might make a copy of itself. Biological cells, in suitable environments, reproduce by cell division. The process is self-organising, given the basic machinery of a cell. During cell division, DNA is replicated and can be transmitted to offspring during reproduction. 

Other kinds of replication occur. RNA viruses use the mechanism of a cell to replicate their own RNA strand and make its protein coat. Retroviruses are one of most important RNA viruses; there are a number of other types. Viruses can only reproduce by taking over the reproductive machinery of cells through infection. Computer viruses reproduce using the hardware and software already present on computers.

Memes reproduce using the human mind and culture as their reproductive machinery.


Josquin des Prez

Josquin des Prez (born near St Quentin some time between 1450 and 1455; died St Condé-sur-l'Escaut, 27 August 1521 was a French composer. He was one of the greatest composers of the Renaissance. He changed music from the sound of medieval compositions and developed the style which led to the great compositions of the 16th century Renaissance composers such as Adrian Willaert, Palestrina, Lassus and Byrd.

Josquin was born ca. 1450-55 and died in 1521.
The name Josquin was a common name in Northern France and Flanders at that time. It was the name of a Breton saint who had lived in that area in the 7th century. The name Des Prez started off as a nickname in the family, and gradually it became the family name. The name Josquin des Prez is spelt in several different ways in old documents. He is often simply called "Josquin".

We know very little about his life. We know very little about what people thought about him during his life, although after his death many people admired his music. Even his birthplace is uncertain. We do not know where he got his musical training. He was described as a "pupil of Ockeghem", but that may just mean that he studied Ockeghem's music.

We know that he became a singer in the chapel of Aix-en-Provence, the chapel of the Duke of Anjou. After the duke's death in 1480 he worked for King Louis XI of France until he, too, died in 1483. We do not know where he worked after that, but he had some music published, including six chansons. He probably worked for some time in Milan.

In 1489 Josquin went to Rome and worked in the pope's chapel. He stayed there at least until 1495, possibly later. There he wrote music for the chapel, including some motets. His music was becoming well known in some parts of northern Italy. It was a time of war in Italy. Several times the king of France invaded parts of Italy. Josquin seems to have written several pieces for the French royal court, including some funeral music on the death of King Louis XII in 1515.

For a year (1503-1504) he was maestro di cappella in Ferrara. He may have left that job because of an outbreak of the plague. A few months after he left the famous composer Jacob Obrecht took over the job. Obrecht was only paid half the salary that Josquin had been given. Very soon afterwards, Obrecht died of the plague.

From 1504 until his death in 1521 Josquin was back in Northern France, where had the job of provost in Condé-sur-l'Escaut, which may possibly have been his birthplace. The church was a very important one, and it had an excellent choir.

Before he died Josquin paid a lot of tax to make sure that after his death his property did not go to the local lord of the manor but would be given to his church. After his death his house was sold, and the money was used for special church services to remember him. There was a statue of the Blessed Virgin Mary on the wall of his old house, and when church processions passed by they stopped in front of it and sang Josquin's motets "Pater Noster" and "Ave Maria".

His music is nearly all choir music. It consists mainly of church music: motets and masses, although he also wrote some secular (non-religious) music, including some chansons (French songs) and some instrumental music. One popular song is called "El Grillo ". It means "the cricket" and it describes the sound of a cricket singing in the grass.

Josquin was a master of polyphony. His name had become so famous that, after his death, many publishers printed music by other composers and pretended it was by Josquin so that more people would buy it. During recent years musicologists have studied many of these manuscripts very carefully and tried to decide which ones were really by Josquin.


Beppe Grillo

Giuseppe Piero Grillo, better known as Beppe Grillo (born 21 July 1948), is an Italian comedian and actor. He has worked in theatres and television.

Grillo was born in Savignone, a small town in the Province of Genoa, Liguria. Grillo became a comedian improvising a monologue at an audition. Two weeks later he was discovered by Italian television presenter Pippo Baudo. He participated in the variety show "Secondo Voi" for two years (1977-78). Later, in 1979, he was in "Luna Park" and "Fantastico".

In 1984 he participated to "Te la do io l'America" (four episodes) and "Te lo do io il Brasile" (6 episodes). On these shows, he spoke about his visits to the United States and Brazil and talked about their culture and lifestyle.

His popularity grew more and more. He became the protagonist of another show called "Grillometro" ("Grillometer"). Soon after this, his performances started to have more and more political satire. He often insulted politicians. In 1987 during the Saturday night television programme "Fantastico 7", he made comments about the Italian Socialist Party and its leader Bettino Craxi who had just taken a trip to China. Grillo said, "If the Chinese are all socialists, whom do they steal from?" The Italian Socialist Party did not like this because he was calling them thieves. After this episode, Grillo slowly was banned from the publicly owned television. Grillo not back on television until the political party was forced to disband several years later.

In 1993, Grillo was allowed on public television one more time. This show was watched by 16 million of Italians. This was the most viewers ever for Italian television.

Grillo has a daily blog where he speaks about alternative energy, globalization, and technology. Versions of the blog are in English, Italian and Japanese. Posts in the Italian version will commonly get thousands of comments and replies from people. His blog is one of the 10 most viewed blogs. He often gets letters from important people who support his blog. These people include Antonio Di Pietro (Italian Minister Of Infrastructures), Fausto Bertinotti (President of the Italian Chamber of Deputies), Renzo Piano, and even Nobel Prize Winners like Dario Fo, Joseph E. Stiglitz, Dalai Lama, Muhammad Yunus.

Grillo commonly fights against corruption in his blog. He has used it to help create change in the Italian government. He wants any politician who have been found guilty of a crime to be removed from office.

Grillo founded the politic party Five Star Movement in 2009.

In 1980, Grillo was found guilty of manslaughter for a car accident in which he was the driver. Three passengers lost their lives.

Grillo never hesitates to name firms and people he believes are corrupt. He always supports his views with data and documents. This has caused him to be sued several times for libel by many people and organizations which he had exposed, such as Telecom Italia.

Grillo is often criticized for his lifestyle. They do not think it is correct for him to own a motor yacht and a Ferrari when these things are against his ecological statements. Beppe Grillo said that he did own them, but that he had sold them since then. It is also said that he is just saying what is wrong about politicians based on the popular opinions of the people and does not give any other ways things should be done.



Tor

Tor is a part of land that is made of rock. It is created by weathering, which is a form of erosion. It is mostly found near hills.

Tor (disambiguation)

Tor may refer to:

Palladium (band)

Palladium is an English Pop Rock band. It started in September 2006.

The four band members are Peter, Rufio, Fez and Rocky. They met each other during various tours on the session musician circuit.
They played their first gig together under the name, "The Peppernotes" at a Caribbean Restaurant dressed as Peter Pan in drag. Since then they have changed their name to Palladium and played alongside Amy Winehouse, Mika and The Thrills.
They were soon signed to Virgin Records. The deal being signed whilst they were on tour in Japan.
Through their live shows Palladium have gained many fans, including Amy Winehouse, Mystery Jets and Get Cape, Wear Cape, Fly.
Their debut single, "Happy Hour", was released on 23 July 2007.
They have recorded their debut album, "The Way It's Not", with Tony Hoffer (The Kooks, Beck, The Fratellis). It was announced that the album was due to be released on 28 January 2008. However, according to HMV and Amazon.co.uk it is now expected to be released on 17 March 2008.
They were announced as main support for Mika's late 2007 UK tour.

Palladium get ideas from a wide range of music. Pink Floyd, The Police, Toto, Fleetwood Mac, Stevie Wonder and Hall and Oates have all been mentioned by the band. They have also played at Godolphin and Latymer School in Hammersmith.



Meme

A meme ( ) is an idea or belief which spreads because one person copies it from another.

One idea is that culture builds in a way similar to living things. An example would be how viruses spread to different organisms. Memes change as they go, creating controversy, and sculpting society. Just as a virus would, memes evolve from their state, being photoshopped, and exaggerated. Memes can be about anything. 

Biologist and evolutionary theorist Richard Dawkins invented the word "meme" in 1976. He said that tunes, catch-phrases, beliefs, clothing fashions, ways of making pots, and the technology of building arches were all examples of memes.




Analogy

An analogy is a comparison between two things that are similar in some way. When you draw an analogy between two different things, you are comparing them because you want to make a concept easier to understand.

There is a difference between superficial analogies and profound analogies. Two things might look alike, but work quite differently, or they might look different, but work in ways like each other. Most effort is put into finding profound analogies which teach us something worth knowing. As another philosopher puts is:

Mario Bunge sees analogy as a main way of getting new hypotheses which can be tested. He points out that analogies may be based on similarities in behaviour, or in structure.



Legitimacy

The word legitimacy means something which is good and right. The thing may be right because it follows the law, a religion calls it right, or it may be naturally right. People may not agree about what is right and so they may not agree what legitimacy is and the things that are legitimate.

There are different uses of the word "legitimacy."

When a government is accepted by most people, it is considered to have "legitimacy". In the past, different reasons were used to make people accept a government. In the Zhou Dynasty in China, the rulers said that they were given the "Mandate of Heaven," which means that the ruler was chosen by God. That is similar to the divine right of kings doctrine in Europe, whose kings would say that they were chosen by God.

During the time of the Enlightenment, John Locke wrote that government legitimacy came from the agreement of the people who are governed. In Western thinking, that has become the accepted meaning. Not all people must agree. Only most people must agree that the government is the best way to make laws and rule if the government has legitimacy.

Max Weber said that there are three kinds of political legitimacy:


In common law, legitimacy is the status of a child who is born to parents who are legally married to each another. In the opposite, illegitimacy describes someone whose parents were not married. Such a person was called "illegitimate", which literally means “not legal” (against the law). Virtually everyone alive today has ancestors who were born illegitimately. 

People’s attitude towards illegitimacy has varied in different parts of the world. In the Western world, especially in countries that were very religious, it was thought to be very bad for parents to have a child if they were not married. It was thought to be a sin. Illegitimate children were often called bastards. Historically, under English law, an illegitimate child was (a child of no one) and so could not get an Inheritance from his or her parents. In older times, such children were often brought up by other people, sometimes by relatives.

Today, most people’s attitude has changed, and the laws have changed so that people born to unmarried parents are not discriminated against unfairly. In the United States, people are no longer described as “illegitimate” but as “born out of wedlock” (“wedlock” means “marriage”). In the United Kingdom, the idea of illegitimacy ended by a 1991 law. Fathers now have a responsibility to their children, even those born out of wedlock. Many religions still maintain that sex outside marriage is a sin, but they no longer say that the child lives in a state of sin.

Ainu

Ainu might mean:


The Championships, Wimbledon

The Wimbledon Championships is one of the four Grand Slam tennis tournaments. It is played in Wimbledon, a suburb of London in England, Great Britain. The Championships are unique because they are the only Grand Slam played on a grass court. Wimbledon is the third tennis grand slam of the year and is widely seen as the biggest event on the sport's calendar.

Wimbledon was first competed in 1877. The women's single and the mens doubles events began seven years later in 1884. It has always been played during the summer. It is played over two weeks, from late June to the beginning of July. The tournament is played after the French Open and before the U.S. Open. In 1968, the championships were opened up to both professionals and amateurs for the first time, with Rod Laver and Billie Jean King winning their respective singles titles.

The winners in 2016 were Andy Murray and Serena Williams.

In every tennis competition, players are given a seed to help decide their place in the draw. At Wimbledon, they use a player's performances (whether bad or good) on grass to help decide the seed. At other tennis competitions, seeding are chosen based only on rankings. 

The umpires (referees) and linesmen all have to wear special dark green and mauve clothing. The players have to wear all white.

Female players used to have their names announced with "Miss" or "Mrs"; this was unlike any other Grand Slam tournament. However, this changed for the 2009 tournament. In this tournament, only the surnames were used. If The Queen is in the audience, it is normal for players to bow to her.


List of counties in Alabama

The U.S. state of Alabama has sixty-seven counties. The oldest is Washington County (created June 4, 1800) and the youngest is Houston County (created February 9, 1903).

Alabama was claimed by Spain, as Spanish Florida, and by England, as the Province of Carolina. The first permanent colony was made by the French on the banks of the Mobile River in 1702.

After the American Revolutionary War, West Florida south of the 31st parallel became a part of Spain while most of the rest was put in the Mississippi Territory. The territorial assembly established some of the earliest county divisions which have survived to the present. In 1817 the western part of the territory became the State of Mississippi and the remainder the Alabama Territory. The Alabama territorial legislature made some more counties.

Alabama became the 22nd state of the United States in 1819. The Alabama state legislature made more counties from former Indian lands as the Indian Removal Act took effect and settlers populated different areas of Alabama.

In 1820, Alabama had 29 counties. By 1830 there were 36, with Indians still occupying land in northeast and far western Alabama. By 1840, 49 counties had been created; 52 by 1850; 65 by 1870; and the present 67 counties by 1903.

According to 2020 U.S. Census data, the average population of Alabama's sixty-seven counties was 74,989, while Jefferson County had the most people (674,721), and Greene County (7,730) had the least. The average land area is . The largest county is Baldwin (), and the smallest is Etowah ().

The Federal Information Processing Standard (FIPS) code, which is used by the United States government to uniquely identify counties, is provided with each entry. (In this system, St. Clair County is alphabetized ahead of Shelby County.) The FIPS code links in the table point to U.S. Census "quick facts" pages for each county.




Legume

A legume is a type of dry fruit. It is usually produced by plants in the family Fabaceae. Legumes can be a variety of fruits: peas and beans are types of legumes.

Legumes grow from the carpel, the female reproductive part of a plant. The fruit of a legume is found inside a pod that can be split on both sides. However, there are some foods that grow inside pods that are not legumes.

Legumes contain many healthy nutrients, such as protein. They are a good source of protein for vegetarians and vegans, or people who do not eat meat and fish. They also contain fibre. This helps to have a healthy digestive system. However, they contain some nutrients which humans find difficult to digest. It is recommended that legumes are soaked (left in water) before cooking to help with nutrient absorption (taking in more nutrients). Some amino acids, such as methionine, are not found very much in some legumes. However, they are needed to help the body use protein.

India imports (buys from other countries) the most legumes. This may be because a lot of Indians follow the religion of Hinduism, which does not let people eat meat. Legumes are a cheap and plentiful source of food in a country where around 22% of the population are in poverty. The top four producers and exporters (selling to other countries) of legumes are:
The USA uses legumes for a variety of reasons. It is the highest producer. It uses soybeans to feed cattle and make vegetable oil. Peanuts are a popular snack food in the USA and these are also a type of legume.


Bifocals

Bifocals are eyeglasses with lenses that are split between two different strengths. Usually the lower half of each lens is made to help the wearer read, while the upper one is to help the wearer see at a distance.

Lightning rod

A lightning rod or lightning conductor is an iron rod that is used to make lightning strike it, rather than strike something else. It is part of a lightning protection system. Such a system is made of many such rods. These rods are usually placed at high points of buildings and structures. In addition, paths are made the electricity can take from the rooftop to the ground, it was made in the year 1749 later improved in 1752. 
Lightning can damage structures made of most materials (masonry, wood, concrete and even steel). The huge currents involved can heat materials, and especially water to high temperatures. This will cause fire, loss of strength and explosions from super-heated steam and air.

The church tower was usually the highest structure or building in medieval European towns and villages. It was also the building very often hit by lightning. Early on, Christian churches tried to prevent the damage of lightning by prayers. Priests prayed,
Peter Ahlwardts ("Reasonable and Theological Considerations about Thunder and Lightning", 1745) said people who sought to protect themselves from lightning should go anywhere except in or around a church. 

In Europe, the lightning rod was invented by a theologian and natural scientist, Václav Prokop Diviš, between 1750 and 1754. He is the inventor of the first grounded lightning rod, which he erected on 15 July 1754 in the garden of his home in Přímětice u Znojma. It consisted of 400 sharp metal spikes attached at the top of a 42 m tall supporting pylon. The structure was fastened by three metal chains, conductively attached to the iron grounding cones buried in the packed down soil. He described his 'weather machine' in the treatise 'Descriptio machinae meteorologicae'. The original idea was to continually sap the electricity out of the clouds and so actually "prevent" the lightning and the storms, only in case this failed, the machine should have also been able to directly attract the lighting and channel it to the ground. He proposed his machine to be used on church towers and ships. He was sending his observations regarding the machine operation to Jan Antonín Scrinci, the physics professor at the Charles University in Prague, who published them in 'Prager Postzeitungen', 'Brünner Intelligenz-Zettel' and in 'Stuttgartisches Journal'. The machine is also mentioned by Leonhard Euler in 'Lettres à une Princesse d' Allemagne'. In 1755 Diviš asked the Emperor Ferdinand I of Austria to let him build more machines on several places for the welfare of the people. The emperor let the mathematicians in Vienna judge the proposal, but they refused it. Abbé Marci, court mathematician and Diviš' friend commented: 'Blasphemant, quae ignorant' (condemning what they do not know). In 1756 the machine was damaged by wind and then rebuilt, and then on 10 March 1760, angry villagers of Přímětice tore down the structure, blaming Diviš for drought which struck the region that year. Later in the year, after the summer during which the thunderstorms did a lot of damage to the fields and vineyards, the people besought him to rebuild the machine, which he did in the precinct of Loucky monastery, and built another one on the top of the church tower in Přímětice.

In the United States, the pointed lightning rod conductor, often incorrectly referred to as the "lightning attractor," was invented by Benjamin Franklin as part of his groundbreaking explorations of electricity. Franklin thought that, with an iron rod sharpened to a point at the end,

""The electrical fire would, I think, be drawn out of a cloud silently, before it could come near enough to strike [...].""

Franklin speculated about lightning rods for several years before his reported kite experiment. This experiment, in fact, took place because he was tired of waiting for Christ Church in Philadelphia to be completed so he could place a lightning rod on top of it. There was some resistance from churches who felt that it was defying divine will to install these rods. Franklin countered that there is no religious objection to roofs on buildings to resist precipitation, so lightning, which he proved to be simply a giant electrical spark, should be no different. As an act of philanthropy, Franklin decided against patenting the invention.

In the 19th century the lightning rod became a symbol of American ingenuity and a decorative motif. Lightning rods were often embellished with ornamental glass balls (now prized by collectors). The ornamental appeal of these glass balls has also been incorporated into weather vanes. 

Balls of solid glass occasionally were used in a method thought to prevent lightning strikes to ships. It is worth noting here not because it worked, which it did not, but because it reveals a lot about pre-scientific thought. Glass objects do not conduct electricity well. They are seldom struck by lightning. Therefore, goes the theory, there must be something about glass that repels lightning. Hence the best method for preventing a lightning strike to a wooden ship was to bury a small solid glass ball in the tip of the highest mast. The random behavior of lightning ensured that the method gained a good bit of credence even after the development of the marine lightning rod soon after Franklin's initial work.

Nikola Tesla's was an improvement in lightning protectors. The patent was granted due to a fault in Franklin's original theory of operation; the pointed lightning rod actually ionizes the air around itself. This makes the air conductive, which in turn raises the probability of a strike. Many years after receiving his patent, in 1919 Dr. Tesla wrote an article for The Electrical Experimenter entitled "Famous Scientific Illusions", in which he explains the logic of Franklin's pointed lightning rod and discloses his improved method and apparatus.

Ashland, Alabama

Ashland is an American city in the state of Alabama. It is the county seat of Clay County. The city has a population of about 2,000 people. Ashland is the hometown of Alabama's 52nd governor Bob Riley. Supreme Court Justice Hugo Black is from Ashland.

Ashland has an area of 7.2 miles. The city is Alabama's highest elevated county seat at 1130 feet.

Bob Riley

Robert Renfroe "Bob" Riley (born October 3, 1944) is an American politician. He is a member of the Republican party. He was the 52nd Governor of Alabama from 2003 until 2011. He was first elected to office in 2002 and re-elected in 2006. Riley was born in Ashland.

He has a wife, four children (one is dead), and seven grandchildren.


Leon Czolgosz

Leon Czolgosz (May 5, 1873 – October 29, 1901) was an American assassin and an anarchist best known as the murderer of William McKinley. He was born in Alpena, Michigan to Polish Catholic immigrant parents. Czolgosz shot President William McKinley in Buffalo, New York on September 6, 1901. The President died from his injury on September 14, 1901, 8 days later. Czolgosz shot the president because he believed the President committed war crimes in the American Philippines war (1899–1913) and was an enemy of the people. He was influenced by Emma Goldman. Some people have questioned the sanity of Czolgosz.

Czolgosz was found guilty of murder in a very fast trial. He was executed by electric chair in Auburn prison, New York on October 29, 1901. 

Federal district

The federal district is the area around the national capital in some federal countries that are organized as 
capital districts and territories.

A federal district is made so that no state in the country can claim to be more important than the others because the national capital is inside the state, or to stop one state trying to have control over the national capital.

Countries with a federal district include:


Belgium is a federal country, but its capital (Brussels) is not a federal district, but is its own language region. To show that the French language and the Flemish language are equal, Brussels is a special bilingual (two-languages) region. Similarly, Vienna is the capital of Austria and is also one of the states of Austria.

Baldwin County, Alabama

Baldwin County is a county in the U.S. state of Alabama.

It is named in honor of Abraham Baldwin, a member of the United States Senate from Georgia who never actually lived in Alabama. In 2020, 231,767 people lived there. The county seat (capital city) is Bay Minette.

Baldwin County was made on December 21, 1809, ten years before Alabama became a state. Before this, the county had been a part of the Mississippi Territory until 1817 when the area passed into the Alabama territory

The borders of the county has often changed, and many armies have invaded.

In the first days of Baldwin County, the town of McIntosh Bluff (now in Mobile County) on the Tombigbee River was the county seat. Then the county seat moved to the town of Blakeley in 1810, and then to the City of Daphne in 1868. In 1900, by an Act of the Legislature of Alabama said that the county seat should move to the City of Bay Minette. The City of Daphne was not happy about this move, because being the county seat meant more people visit the city and businesses can sell more. To move the county seat to Bay Minette, some men from Bay Minette pretended that there had been a murder. When the sheriff and his deputy left the City of Daphne to look for the murderer the men from Bay Minette went to the City of Daphne. These men got the records from the Baldwin County Courthouse and took them back to the City of Bay Minette. A New Deal mural in the Bay Minette post office is a painting of this story.

Baldwin County is close to the Gulf of Mexico. This is why it often has tropical weather systems which often are Hurricanes. Weather damage can sometimes be very bad, and sometimes the county is made a "disaster area". For example, in September 1979 due to damage from Hurricane Frederic, in July 1997 due to Hurricane Danny, in September 1998 from Hurricane Georges in September 2004 due to damage from Hurricane Ivan and again in August 2005 due to damage from Hurricane Katrina.

According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of . of it is land and is water. Baldwin County is the 12th largest county east of the Mississippi River.


Two parts of Baldwin County have been called "Outstanding Alabama Water" by the Alabama Environmental Management Commission which oversees the Alabama Department of Environmental Management. As of April, 2007, only two other areas in Alabama have received what is the "highest environmental status" in the state. The areas are

Officials think that having very clean areas of water and sea will encourage tourists to vistit the county.

At the census in 2020, there were 231,767 people, 93,116 households, and 64,222 families living in the county. The population density was 145.8 people per square mile (56.3/km²).

The people in the county are 81.7% White, 7.9% Black or African American, 3.9% other, and 6.5% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino were 5.5% of the people.

There were 93,116 households, out of which 28.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.8% were married couples living together, 25.8% had a female householder with no partner present, 16.0% had a male householder with no partner present, and 31.0% were non-families. 26.1% of all households were made up of individuals and 12.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.49.




All public schools in Baldwin County are operated by Baldwin County Public Schools.


Wayne Rooney

Wayne Mark Rooney (born 24 October 1985 in Liverpool) is an retired English footballer. He is currently the manager of Birmingham City.

Rooney was born in Croxteth, Liverpool, to Jeanette Marie Rooney and Thomas Wayne Rooney. He is of Irish descent, and was brought up as a Roman Catholic with his 2 younger brothers Graham and John. All three attended Our Lady and St Swithin's primary school, and De La Salle School.

Wayne Rooney grew up in Liverpool, where there are two big football clubs; Liverpool and Everton. As a child, he supported Everton and began playing football for them at the age of just 15, when he became the youngest Premiership scorer, scoring a game-winning goal against Arsenal. Rooney was the youngest goalscorer at Euro 2004, an international tournament where he played for England. Soon, other clubs were very eager to buy him because of his great performances. Newcastle United and Manchester United both made offers to Everton for him. It was Manchester United who signed him eventually, for £23m in the summer of 2004. Rooney was only 18 at the time, and the £23m paid for him was the highest amount ever paid for a teenager in the world.

Rooney is the top goal scorer for Manchester United. When he arrived to the team, they gave him the number 8 shirt, but then changed his shirt to number 10. On 12 February 2011, Rooney scored a stunning bicycle kick in the 78th minute of the Manchester derby, which ended up to be the winning goal in their 2–1 win over Manchester City. After the game, he said it was the best goal he had ever scored in his career. Rooney was made captain of the team by manager Louis van Gaal before the 2014–15 Premier League season began.

Rooney's wife is Coleen.

Rooney has appeared in advertisements for FIFA video games and Coca-Cola. He also has a sponsorship deal with Nike.

Rooney supports Manchester United, Everton and Celtic.

Manchester United
England U17 

Individual


Records


Mobile County, Alabama

Mobile County is a county of the U.S. state of Alabama. It is named after a tribe of Native Americans, the "Maubila" tribe. As of 2020, 414,809 people lived there. Its county seat is Mobile. The entire county is included in the Mobile metropolitan statistical area.


The county-wide government is a 3 member district county commission which represents both the unincorporated residents and the residents of other municipalities. 

According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (25.2%) is water.


The census of 2020 said that there were 414,809 people, 155,946 households, and 97,398 families families living in the county. The population density was 250 people per square mile (97/km²). 

The racial makeup of the county was 55.3% White and 35.3% Black or African American.

Cities (2020 population)

Towns (2020 population)

Census-designated places (2020 population)

Other communities

Most of the public schools in Mobile County are operated by the Mobile County Public School System.


Mike Cross

Mike Cross (born in 1946) is an American singer and guitar player. 

Cross was born in Maryville, Tennessee, he started playing guitar when he was at college at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill. 

Cross plays acoustic blues and novelty songs. He also plays funny songs like "The Scotsman" and "The Drunkard". He describes himself as a "wandering hillbilly hippie folk singer."



Arthur Crudup

Arthur "Big Boy" Crudup (August 24, 1905 – March 28, 1974) was a delta blues singer and guitarist. He wrote songs that Elvis Presley later sang.

Crudup was born in Forest, Mississippi, and worked as a migrant worker until he and his family went back to Mississippi in 1926.

Crudup sang gospel music and blues music. He played in a band called the Harmonizing Four in 1939. A record producer called Lester Melrose got him work with the Bluebird label.

Crudup stopped recording in the 1950s. His last Chicago recording was in 1951. He also recorded in 1952–54 for a radio station called WGST in Atlanta. In the 1960s he started recording again with Fire Records and Delmark Records.

In the mid 60s, Crudup went back to working as a farmer in Virginia, where he lived with his family: his three sons and several of his own siblings.

He died because of heart disease and diabetes. He died in the Nassawadox hospital in Northampton County, Virginia, also on the Eastern Shore in 1974.


David Honeyboy Edwards

David "Honeyboy" Edwards (June 28, 1915 – August 29, 2011) was an American blues guitarist and singer. Honeyboy was the last original Delta Blues guitarists still performing.

Edwards was born in Shaw, Mississippi, United States. He was friends with Robert Johnson, and was with him when he died. 

Culture expert Alan Lomax recorded Edwards in 1942 for the first time. In his later years, Honeyboy still played concerts around the world, sometimes up to 100 concerts a year. He died on August 29, 2011 in Chicago, Illinois from congestive heart failure, at the age of 96 years. 

Edwards has also written a book, "The World Don't Owe Me Nothin'," which was published in 1997 by Chicago Review Press. The book is about his life from childhood to when he arrived in Chicago. It describes his journeys through the South in the early 1950s.


His albums "White Windows", "The World Don't Owe Me Nothing", "Mississippi Delta Blues Man", and Henry Townsend were all nominated for the W. C. Handy Award.


Houston County, Alabama

Houston County is a county in the state of Alabama, United States

It is the newest county in Alabama, as it was only created on 9 February 1903. It is named after the former state Governor George Smith Houston.

The county seat is Dothan.

Houston County is mostly agricultural. Peanuts, cotton and corn are the main things that are grown. Small grains, melons and vegetables are also grown a lot. Beef cattle, hogs and dairy cattle are the main animals farmed in the County.

Pompeii

Pompeii was an ancient city that was buried by Mount Vesuvius. It is currently a UNESCO World Heritage Site. The preserved site features excavated ruins of streets.

On 24 October 79 AD, a volcano called Mount Vesuvius erupted and destroyed the city and its people, killing 2,000 of them. 

Archaeologists have found graffiti written by the people who lived in the town. People often wrote on walls, and archaeologists have been able to read some of what they wrote. 

The town was started around the year 600 BC. It was started by a group from central Italy, the Osci. They chose to start it in this location because it was already an essential location for trade by both land and sea. By the 5th century BC, Pompeii had become part of Rome. While under Roman control, Pompeii improved a lot. The Romans built Aqueducts, and these were used to provide the citizens with water.

Before the eruption, Pompeii was a beautiful and wealthy city. At the time of the eruption, the town may have had about 11,000 people living there. It was in an area where Romans had holiday villas. Modern professor William Abbott said, "At the time of the eruption, Pompeii had reached its high point in society as many Romans frequently visited Pompeii on vacations."

Pliny The Younger was a witness to the eruption of Mount Vesuvius. He sent letters to a friend describing the eruption. For he was much too scared to go any closer, he stayed where he was. He was far from the sight, but close enough to see the eruption.

Recent research has questioned the day of the eruption, with some scholars arguing for an autumn date.


Henry Sloan

Henry Sloan (January 1870 – 13 March 1948?) was an African American musician. He played the Delta Blues and is known for teaching Charlie Patton to play the blues, and moved to Chicago after World War I.

David Evans says that Sloan was born in Mississippi in 1870. He moved to a Plantation near Indianola at between 1901 and 1904.

There is a rumour that Sloan was a hobo which was seen by musician W.C. Handy playing guitar at Tutwiler train station in 1903. Handy describes him as 

Blacks and Whites' Carnival

Blacks and Whites' Carnival ("Spanish: Carnaval de Negros y Blancos") is a carnival in the Colombian city of Pasto, and was proclaimed by UNESCO as one of the Masterpieces of the Oral and Intangible Heritage of Humanity. The carnival happens each year, from January 2 to January 7. Many tourists visit it.

It has two stages: pre-carnival with "Fool's Day" and "New Year's Eve Puppets" (parade and burning); and the carnival itself with four celebration days: "Colonies Day", "Carnavalito" (Children's Carnival), the "Arrival of the Castañeda Family", "Blacks' Day" and "Whites' Day" with the "Grand Parade" (this being the most important day for its beauty).

Colonies Day was added as an official day into the traditional Carnival programing, with several new acts: Tribute to the Virgin of Mercy, Colonies Parade, and Rock Day. 

Carnavalito (Children's Carnival) began in 1966, as a copy of the adults' carnival, originally with little floats, accompanied by child musicians and dancing girls.

The Arrival of the Castañeda Family began in 1929 as a salute to the settlers in the east of the country.

Blacks' Day originally commemorated the day in which the African slaves had a free day, after the 1607 slave rebellion in the Colombian town of "Remedios". It is said that when news reached Popayan, the African population there went to the streets and danced, and blackened all the white walls of that city with coal. In Pasto the celebration has probably taken place since 1857, when white people began to paint their faces black.

Whites' Day (and the modern carnival) began in 1912 as a new way to celebrate the Epiphany. The people began to paint their faces white with cosmetics and powder. In 1926 the Great Parade began, full of colorful and giant floats, and people began playing with streamers and confetti.

Carnival Remate (Finish) happens by celebrating "Cuy's day", when locals and tourists delight in the typical dish of the region.

Today the carnival is very important for tourism. People use costumes and masks, and still play with black cosmetics and white powder.



Le Corbusier

Charles-Edouard Jeanneret-Gris (birth name), (6 October 1887 – 27 August 1965), known by the popular name of Le Corbusier, was an architect and writer born in Switzerland. In the 1930s, he became a French citizen. He is famous for his theories about modernism in architecture. His plans included the improvement of housing for people in large cities. This was because many people lived in poverty at that time. Many of his designs have been built across the world.

He also liked to paint and was skilled at designing furniture.

Le Corbusier grew up in La Chaux-de-Fonds, a small town in the north of Switzerland. In 1907, aged 19, he moved to the French city of Paris. He travelled across Europe, and learned a lot of new ideas. He learned to speak German and worked with famous architects, such as Peter Behrens.

During World War I, Le Corbusier went back to Switzerland and became a teacher. Soon, he opened his own architectural business with his cousin, and they worked together until 1940. It was in 1918 that he met a painter, Amédée Ozenfant, who would become a great friend. They combined their ideas to create a new type of art called Purism.

After the war, Le Corbusier concentrated on his art until 1922. After this, he began designing apartments that could be stacked on top of each other, to house people and meet their needs. This type of low-density housing was to deal with the problem of over-crowding in Paris. He said this transformation was needed, or a revolution could occur from the unhappy lower classes. He created a design for an ideal city (Ville Contemporaine) that was never built. It was a plan developed around a lot of skycrapers. He presented this plan to the French government, who refused it. This did raise their awareness of overcrowding in the city though.

Le Corbusier began to dislike capitalism, and said that people's house size should depend on the size of their family, and not by how rich they were.

Le Corbusier was not active in politics from 1942. Instead, he built smaller housing blocks around France.

The name, Le Corbusier, is French. It is a different version of his grandmother's surname, Lecorbésier. The name translates in to English as "the crowlike one". He chose this name in 1920.


He considered speed in architecture by saying that house is a machine to live in. This machine's purpose is to speed up the activities of the people who live in it.
He introduced an idea of building a residence with just some slabs, columns, and, stairs. These three things can produce any kind of residence, for any class of people.

Anna Karenina

Anna Karenina (), also Anglicised as Anna Karenin, is a novel by the Russian writer Leo Tolstoy.

Tolstoy considered this book his first true novel. 

Anna Arkadyevna Karenina is romantic and has a very strong character. For example, she likes to write children's books and admires art. She is described as being very beautiful, and there is a lot of energy in her. She loves her son very, very, much, and this is one of the biggest reasons why she is afraid of running away with Vronsky. Although she does not love her husband, Karenin, she feels sorry and guilty. However, she says that "I hate him for his virtues!" She is emotionally honest and really does not like to pretend. She thinks that Karenin loves to pretend, and this is one of the greatest reasons why she does not like him. She thinks that love is more important than anything, even duty.

Count Alexei Kirillovich Vronsky is a handsome, rich, passionate soldier. He is romantic and charming, but he, too, is just a man. Anna is disappointed after she runs away with him and commits adultery because he is not perfect. His head begins to become bald, he loses at horse games, and he does not care about Kitty's feelings. He becomes a bored, embittered man. Tolstoy does not often write about his thoughts and feelings as he does about the other characters.















Anna Karenina (disambiguation)

"For movie, TV, radio, or theatrical adaptations of the novel see:" 

"For the cruiseferry, see M/S "Anna Karenina""

Prada

Prada is an Italian fashion company (also known as a "fashion label" or "fashion house"). It has shops and products around the world.

The company, originally named Prada Brothers, was started in 1913 by Mario Prada in Milan, Italy. Mario Prada did not believe that women should have a role in business and prevented any female family members from joining his company.

However when he died in 1958, his son had no interest in running the company so his daughter, Luisa Prada, took over and ran the company until 1978. 

Miuccia Prada, Luisa’s daughter, took over then and has been running the company since. Miuccia made the company bigger by giving it a more bohemian style.

Miu Miu is a second clothing, which is often simpler, and fits with the 'high' image of vintage items. Miu Miu is the nickname of Miuccia Prada when she was a child. After, Prada Sport 'Linea Rossa' was made.

Today, Prada is seen as one of the most important clothing designers in fashion.

After many other fashion companies started to buy or join with many other fashion companies, Prada tried to do the same thing. It went into debt so that it could buy Fendi in the early 1990s. Fendi was not making much money, and needed help. Prada could not help Fendi, so it sold it to LVMH. Prada is still in debt after buying Fendi. In 1999, the company bought "Church's", an English company that makes quality shoes. More recently 45% of "Church's" has been sold to Equinox.

Other big buys by Prada in the 1990s were Helmut Lang and Jil Sander. However, by 2006, Prada had sold both. Jil Sander was sold to 'Change Capital Partners', which is run by Luc Vandevelde (the chairman of Carrefour). Helmut Lang is now owned by Japanese fashion company 'Link Theory'.

In May 2007, Prada and mobile phone maker LG Electronics worked together to make the LG Prada (KE850) phone. The phones were sold for $800 each.

The Prada Foundation () is a foundation dedicated to contemporary art and culture. It was founded in 1993. It is run by Miuccia Prada and Patrizio Bertelli. The foundation promotes art exhibitions and movie festivals.

The main site of the foundation is in Milan on Largo Isarco. The foundation also has a special gallery for photographs in the Galleria Vittorio Emanuele II in Milan and a site in Venice at the Palazzo Corner della Regina,

Prada has paid for several famous architects, the most famous are Rem Koolhaas and Herzog & de Meuron, to make their shops around the world.
In 2005, near the West Texas towns, Valentine and Marfa, two Scandinavian artists, Emily Milne and Zoe Brown, opened 'Prada Marfa', a sculpture of a Prada mini-boutique. The sculpture is on U.S. Highway 90 and is a long way from any other buildings. Prada helped pay for the building, which is 15 by 25-foot. The building does not actually sell clothes, but there are clothes in the window, as this is just for art.

Prada has 9 small shops and 2 big stores in the USA

Small shops in the USA:

Big shops in the world:



Similar brands:

Cross section (geometry)

A cross section is what one gets if one cuts an object into slices.

In geometry the correct definition of "cross section" is: the intersection of a body in 2-dimensional space with a line, or of a body in 3-dimensional space with a plane. 

A cross section, or section is also an orthographic projection of a 3-dimensional object from the position of a plane through the object. A floor plan is a section viewed from the top. 


Space (physics)

Space, in everyday language, is something that we all know. It is measured in the three dimensions of distance: length, width, and height.

In modern physics, space is a "boundless four-dimensional continuum" known as spacetime. Disagreement exists about whether it is an entity (something that actually exists). It may be just a relationship between entities, or part of a conceptual framework.
The standard space interval, called a metre (or meter), is defined as the distance traveled by light in a vacuum during a time interval of about 1/300,000,000 of a second.

Before Einstein's work on relativistic physics, time and space were viewed as independent dimensions. Einstein's discoveries have shown that due to relativity of motion space and time can be mathematically combined into space-time.

Horace

Quintus Horatius Flaccus (December 8, 65 BC - November 27, 8 BC), known to English speakers as Horace, was a famous poet in the Roman Empire.

Horace was born in the small Italian town of Venusia. His father used to be a slave, but was known as a freedman because his master had freed him. They moved to Rome a short time later. Horace's father had a job taking items from the seller to the buyer. He received money from these sales. His father became richer and was able to send Horace to the best schools in Rome. He was also able to send him to Athens (Greece) to study the Greek language and philosophy. Horace's native language was Latin. Horace was incredibly proud of his father, and said he felt no shame in being the son of a freedman.

In his early adult life, Julius Caesar, the Roman dictator, was killed. War was declared against the people who killed him. Horace joined the army. When the war was over, Horace returned to Italy to find that other people were living in his apartment. His father was also gone. Horace became very poor. Eventually, he found a job in the treasury. This involved sorting the country's money.

His friends, Lucius Varius Rufus and Virgil, who were also writers, introduced him to Maecenas. Maecenas was a close friend of Augustus, the emperor of Rome. Horace lived in Tivoli, an area of Rome. When he died, he gave the land he owned to Augustus, to increase the land the state owned. Today, other writers visit the land to remember him.

Horace wrote many famous quotes in his poems. These lines are still spoken today, by speakers of every language, in the original Latin.

Some of Horace's poems are difficult to translate because of their syntax, grammar and structure, which is sometimes very different to modern languages.

Horace is viewed by many people, including experts, to be one of the best Latin poets.


Space

Space in simple understanding is an area or volume.

Space or spacing may also refer to:

In science:


In music:


In media:

People:

Television:

In other fields:

Physical object

In physics, a physical object (or body) is a collection of masses, which you look at as one object only. It applies to both living and non-living things.

A human's and animal's physical body is made up of organs and tissues. It is a part of a total living being, and might include its behaviour and way of thinking.

The point of the term is to include those systems which are separate in one sense. but connected in another sense. A galaxy has many different parts, but can be treated as a whole for some purposes. Likewise, a group of galaxies can be treated as one gravitationally. The Solar System is another example.

In general language it is usual for "object" to mean a physical boundary {border}, but a "system" to mean a group of connected objects. 

Body (disambiguation)

Body may mean:


Ebisu

Ebisu (恵比須, 恵比寿, 夷, 戎), also known as Yebisu or Hiruko (蛭子) or Kotoshiro-nushi-no-kami (事代主神), is the Japanese god of fishermen, good luck and working men, and also the guardian of the health of children. He is one of the Seven Lucky Gods.

Ebisu was first named "Hiruko", meaning "leech child". He was the first child of Izanagi and Izanami, born without bones (or, in some stories, without arms and legs) because of his mother's mistake in her marriage. Hiruko tried hard to survive but he was thrown to the sea in a boat made out of reeds. He was eventually washed ashore and was cared for by the Ainu people "Ebisu Saburo" (戎三郎).

The weak child overcame many problems, grew legs, and became the god Ebisu. He remains slightly crippled and deaf, but is still joyful (which is why he has the title, "The Laughing God"). He is often shown wearing a tall hat — the "Kazaori Eboshi" (風折烏帽子) — holding a fishing rod and a large sea bass.

The brand name Evisu is named after Ebisu.

Dominican peso

The Dominican peso is the money of the Dominican Republic. Its official name is "Peso oro" and its symbol is "$" with RD in front of it ("RD$") to differentiate it from other "pesos" or "dollars". The ISO 4217 for the Dominican peso is DOP. Each peso is divided into 100 "centavos" (English, "cents").

The first Dominican peso was introduced in 1844. It replaced the Haitian money. In 1905, the peso was replaced by United States currency. The peso oro was introduced in 1937, although the US dollar continued to be used alongside the peso oro until 1947.

Coins were introduced in 1937 in denominations of 1, 5, 10, 25 and 50 centavos. Since 1991, coins of denominations 1, 5, 10 and 25 pesos have been introduced. However, due to inflation, coins below 1 peso are now rarely found. Banknotes in use are 10, 20, 50, 100, 500, 1000 and 2000 pesos.


Proprioception

Proprioception is the sense that people have of knowing where the parts of their body are. It is also called kinesthetic sense.

Proprioception is used when a person touches the tip of their nose while keeping their eyes closed. Even though they cannot see their finger or their nose, they can sense how to touch them together.

Permutation

A permutation is a single way of arranging a group of objects. It is useful in mathematics. 

A permutation can be changed into another permutation by simply switching two or more of the objects. For example, the way four people can sit in a car is a permutation. If some of them chose different seats, then it would be a different permutation.

The factorial has special application in defining the number of permutations in a set which does not include repetitions. The number n!, read "n factorial", is precisely the number of ways we can rearrange n things into a new order. For example, if we have three fruit: an orange, apple and pear, we can eat them in the order mentioned, or we can change them (for example, an apple, a pear then an orange). The exact number of permutations is then formula_1. The number gets extremely large as the number of items (n) goes up.

In a similar manner, the number of arrangements of r items from n objects is considered a partial permutation. It is written as formula_2 (which reads "n permute r"), and is equal to the number formula_3 (also written as formula_4).


1 E6 m²

To help in showing the sizes of different geographic regions, areas between 1 km² (100 hectares) and 10 km² (1000 hectares) are listed below.

Lipid

A lipid is a type of organic molecule found in living things. It is oily or waxy. Fats are made from lipid molecules. Sources of lipid can be found in algae, seeds, meat, cheese, butter and fish. Lipids are long chains of carbon and hydrogen molecules. Lipids are classified as simple and complex. Examples of complex molecules could be steroids or phospholipids. 

A very important biological function of lipids is as lipid bilayers, the basis of many cell membranes. Another function of lipids is to serve as an energy reserve. Lipids can be hydrophobic (non-polar), or amphipatic (containing both polar and non-polar parts).

Lipids are a group of naturally occurring molecules that include fats, waxes, sterols, fat-soluble vitamins (such as vitamins A, D, E, and K), glycerides, phospholipids, and others. The main biological functions of lipids include storing energy, signalling, and acting as components of cell membranes.

Group theory

In mathematics and abstract algebra, group theory studies a type of algebraic structure called a group. Group theory is often used in mathematics as a starting point for the study of many algebraic structures, such as a set of numbers along with its addition and multiplication. Because group theory is also useful for studying symmetry in nature and abstract systems, it has many applications in physics and chemistry.

A group is a set (collection) "G" whose members are called "elements". The elements can be numbers of some kind, or other abstract objects. The elements can even be material objects. There is also a binary operation which combines any two elements of "G" and results in another element of "G". This new element may be different from either of the original two, but it does not have to be: it only has to be an element of "G". To be a group, the following four conditions must be true of "G" and the operation defined over "G":


An important property about groups is whether the order of the elements matters when two elements are combined using the operation. Switching the order of two combined elements typically gives a different result. This means that we have many cases with "a" • "b" ≠ "b" • "a". However, if the order of a and b actually does not matter (for "any" a and b, we "always" have "a" • "b" = "b" • "a"), then the group is called an abelian group (or commutative group).

If a group contains finitely many elements, then it is called a finite group. If a subset of a group is also a group, then the subset is called a subgroup.

A simple example of a group is the set of integers (called Z) with the addition operator +. This group is called "G" = (Z, +). Each of the required conditions is true of "G", so "G" is a group. If we replace • with the + sign, then we can easily check that these conditions are true:

The addition operator is also commutative: the order of "a" and "b" does not matter. For any two integers "a" and "b" in G, "a" + "b" = "b" + "a". For example, 7+3 is the same as 3+7. Thus, "G" is also an abelian group.

Commutative operators are common in our daily lives. For example, 7 · 3 is also the same as 3 · 7. However, not all operations are commutative. For example, 7÷3 is different from 3÷7 (and neither of these results is an integer), and 7 is different from 3. Therefore, not all combinations of number sets and mathematical operations can form an abelian group—or even a group at all.


St. Vartan Armenian Cathedral

St. Vartan Cathedral is the first cathedral of the Armenian Apostolic Church to be constructed in North America. It is located in New York City on the corner of Second Avenue and 34th Street. It was built to resemble the St. Hripsime Church in Etchmiadzin.

Margherita of Savoy

Margherita of Savoy or "Margaret of Savoy" (born November 20, 1851 in Turin, died January 4, 1926 in Bordighera), was an Italian queen of the Kingdom of Italy during the reign (1878-1900) of her husband, Humbert I.

She was a daughter of Ferdinand, Duke of Genoa and Elizabeth of Saxony. Her paternal grandparents were Charles Albert of Sardinia and Maria Theresa of Austria. Her maternal grandparents were John of Saxony and Princess Amalie Auguste of Bavaria.

She married her first cousin Humbert (Prince "Umberto" of Savoy) on April 21, 1868. In November 1869, Margherita gave birth to Victor Emmanuel.

On January 9, 1878, Humbert succeeded as the new King of Italy. She became his Queen consort and remained by his side for the rest of his reign. Humbert was assassinated by anarchist Gaetano Bresci on July 29, 1900.

Margherita supported artists and writers,and the Red Cross, and founded cultural institutions, like the Società del Quartetto, and the Casa di Dante.

In 1889 the pizza "Margherita" was named after her. It is the colors of the Italian flag. Red sauce, green basil and white cheese. After the pizza, a Peak was named like the queen, and then in 2007, the third highest mountain in Africa.

Politically she supported the Fascism.



Consonance and dissonance

In music, consonance and dissonance are words which are used to describe certain musical intervals or chords. The adjectives are consonant and dissonant.

A consonant interval or chord is one which sounds stable and pleasant. It could, for example, be the end of a piece of music. For example: C and E sound well together, or the chord C, E and G (a C major chord).

A dissonant interval or chord is one which sounds unstable. It may even sound harsh by itself. The notes seem to clash. It cannot be the end of the piece of music (if the music is a normal, traditional tonal piece). It sounds as if it wants to move on to a consonant interval (this is called "resolving" onto a consonant chord). The notes C and Fsharp together make a dissonant interval. The chord C - Dsharp - Fsharp is a dissonant interval: it is full of tension, and it sounds as if it wants to "resolve" onto C - E - G.

Scientifically a consonant interval is one in which the two notes vibrate at frequencies which have a simple mathematical relationship, e.g. in two notes which are an octave apart the higher note vibrates exactly twice as fast. If they are a fifth apart the top note vibrates 1 1/2 times as fast as the lower note. The more complicated mathematically the interval, the more dissonant it will sound.

Carpe diem

Carpe diem is a famous phrase from one of the poems of Horace. It means "seize the day" in Latin. 

Especially during the Baroque era, the phrase was important. In the 17th century there was the Thirty Years' war, which lasted roughly from 1618 to 1648. For the people of the time, death was present almost everywhere. To compensate for that there were the concepts of "Carpe diem" (There is little time left, use it as best you can), "Vanitas" (Vanity; things are not what they seem), and Memento mori (Remember you will die). 

The poem is originally from "Odes" 1.11. It is given in Latin and English below.

A better translation of the phrase would probably be "pluck the day" (as a fruit might be plucked from a tree).

Gustav Heinemann

Gustav Walter Heinemann (born 23 July 1899 in Schwelm; died 7 July 1976 in Essen) was a German politician. He was Interior Minister under Chancellor Konrad Adenauer. He resigned when Adenauer started getting ready to set up the German Army. He later resigned from the CDU and joined the SPD. He also served as Justice Minister before he was elected Federal President in 1969. He served for one term, and left office in 1974.

Schwelm

Schwelm is a town in the district of Ennepe-Ruhr Rural District the state of North Rhine-Westphalia.

Schwelm is in the southeast of the ""Ruhrgebiet"", the Ruhr Area of Germany, between Westphalia and the ""Bergisches Land"". Schwelm is commonly known as the ""Pforte Westfalens"" ("Gate to Westphalia").

The history of Schwelm goes back to the ninth century, where it is first mentioned as "Suelmiu". The city of Schwelm was officially established in 1496 and became seat of the Ennepe-Ruhr district in 1929. According to its area, Schwelm is the smallest town in North Rhine-Westphalia.

Schwelm is home to the ""Brauerei Schwelm"", the Schwelm Brewery, one of the few remaining private breweries in Germany. It was started in 1830 by Haarmann & Kathagen, the brewery was one of the first worldwide to switch from wooden to metal barrels. The original office building of the brewery, the "Rietz'sche Haus" built in 1701, is still in use today.

The oldest piano manufacturer in the world is in Schwelm. Since 1794, ""Rud. Ibach Sohn"" has been building pianos and, until 1904, organs in Schwelm.



Bundesarbeitsgericht

The Bundesarbeitsgericht or "Federal Labour Court" is the German federal supreme court of appeals for cases of labour law. This includes "individual" labour law (mostly about contracts of employment) and "collective" (more than one) labour law (e.g. cases about strikes and collective bargaining). The court hears cases from the "Landesarbeitsgerichte" (Superior State Labour Courts), which, in turn, are the courts of appeals against decisions of the "Arbeitsgerichte" (ordinary State Labour Courts).

The "Bundesarbeitsgericht" is in the city of Erfurt.


Bundessozialgericht

The Bundessozialgericht (German for "Federal Social Court") is the German federal supreme court of appeals for social security cases. The court was created on 11 September 1954 to hear cases about public health insurance, long-term care insurance, pension insurance and occupational accident insurance plans. These cases usually start in the "Sozialgerichte" ("Social Courts"), then the "Landessozialgerichte" ("Superior State Social Courts"), before the cases wind up at the "Bundessozialgericht".

The "Bundessozialgericht" is located in the city of Kassel.


Federal Administrative Court (Germany)

The Bundesverwaltungsgericht or Federal Administrative Court is one of the five federal supreme courts of Germany. It is the federal court of appeals for generally all cases of administrative law. These cases are mainly arguments between people and the government, but sometimes are disputes between two different parts of government.

The Federal Administrative Court was set up on 8 June 1953. It was based in Berlin, but in 2002 moved to the city of Leipzig in Saxony.

It hears appeals from the "Oberverwaltungsgerichte", or Superior Administrative Courts, which, in turn, are the courts of appeals for decisions of the "Verwaltungsgerichte" (Administrative Courts).

Although cases about social security law and tax law are arguments between a person and the government, there are special courts for these matters. The Bundessozialgericht is federal court of appeals for social security law, cases about tax and customs law are decided by the "Finanzgerichte" (Finance Courts), and lastly by the Bundesfinanzhof.

The "Bundesverwaltungsgericht" has its headquarters at the former "Reichsgericht" (Reich Court of Justice) building in Leipzig.


Santa María de Iquique School Massacre

The Santa María de Iquique school Massacre was on December 21, 1907. At that time Chile's government was led by Pedro Montt. Hundreds of workers died in the front of the school "Santa María de Iquique". 

The workers had been walking from saltpetre mines of Tarapacá, striking to get better life conditions. 

The strikers first went to San Lorenzo, and then to Iquique. They arrived in Iquique on December 16. They stayed peacefully in the school. Military forces arrived, and without provocation General Silva Renard give the order to shoot the people there in front of school. Hundreds of people were killed.

Grid

Grid may mean:

Meaning an array of squares or rectangles:


In science, mathematics and technology:


Places:


In popular culture:


Other:


GRID may stand for:


Skype

Skype ( ) is a software program that uses the Internet to make telephone calls (using a technology called Voice over Internet Protocol (VoIP). It was created in 2003 by the Swedish and Danish Niklas Zennström and Janus Friis. A company currently owns it in Luxembourg called Skype Technologies S.A.R.L, which since 2011 has been part of Microsoft. (From 2005 to 2011, Skype was owned by eBay.)

The Skype program works on computers with Microsoft Windows, macOS and Linux. It is available as a mobile app for different platforms, including iOS and Android. Using VoIP to make calls is very cheap to call another phone. It does not cost money to call another Skype user. Every Skype user has a unique name to which other users can find and talk. Skype also has additional features such as video calls and multiple members in a conversation. In the chat, you can also find a selection of various emojis available.


Skype has an encryption system for security. This system cannot be turned on or off. Skype provides an uncontrolled registration system for users. People can use the system safely without revealing their real-life identity to other users of the system, but there is no way to know that the person they communicate with is the one they say they are.

Skype has many points of critisism, such as:




Wookieepedia

Wookieepedia (the "Star Wars" Wiki) is an online encyclopedia for information on the "Star Wars" fictional universe—including information of all eleven films, as well as Expanded Universe. It is a more specialized and useful wiki for those who wish to go farther than the basics in the "Star Wars" universe, and is almost entirely in-universe. The name Wookieepedia is a mix of Wookiee and encyclopedia, based on the name of Wikipedia. Wookieepedia is hosted by Fandom.


Chianti

Chianti is a kind of red wine. It is produced in Tuscany in the famous area of "Chianti" inside the provinces of Arezzo, Florence, Pisa, Pistoia, Prato and Sienna.

There are many types of Chianti:

Maxïmo Park

Maxïmo Park (sometimes spelled Maximo Park) are an English indie rock band who formed in 2001.

Maxïmo Park formed in 2001 (with frontman Paul Smith coming from Billingham in Teesside). To Start off with, the four founding members played only a little amount small shows, with Archis Tiku on vocals, constantly switching the instruments he played. Almost about to split up, but instead they decided to look for somebody else to sing vocals. Singer Paul Smith was discovered by the then-girlfriend of drummer Tom English in a pub while he was singing along to a Stevie Wonder song. Having found someone with a stage presence, they started to write their first songs together, all despite the fact that the frontman never imagined himself as a frontman of a band. Paul Smith had never sung on stage before.

Around March 2004, a friend of the band's paid for 300 copies of a 7" red vinyl single "Graffiti" and later released a vinyl of their tracks ("The Coast Is Always Changing"/"The Night I Lost My Head") that they’d recorded in their house in Fenham. After some time of doing shows around their home town, Steve Beckett of the dance-electronic label Warp Records found one of these records and decided to sign Maxïmo Park to his record label.







Math rock

Math rock is a guitar-based style of indie rock which has complex rhythms. This genre started in the late 1980s. A closely-related genre is post-rock. Some of the same bands might be called both. Post-rock is usually characterized by a stronger jazz influence.

Middle Kingdom of Egypt

The Middle Kingdom is the period in the history of ancient Egypt stretching from the establishment of the Eleventh Dynasty to the end of the Fourteenth Dynasty, roughly between 2030 BC and 1640 BC.

The period had two phases, the 11th Dynasty, which ruled from Thebes and the 12th and the following dynasties which revolved around el-Lisht. These two dynasties were originally considered to be the full extent of this unified kingdom, but historians now consider the 13th Dynasty to at least partially belong to the Middle Kingdom.


Thebes, Egypt

Thebes (, "Thēbai") was a city in Ancient Egypt about 800 km south of the Mediterranean Sea, on the east bank of the river Nile (). It was the capital of "Waset," the fourth Upper Egyptian nome.



Politics of Germany

Politics of Germany are based on a federal parliamentary democratic republic. The government is elected by the people in elections where everyone has an equal vote. The constitution is called the "Grundgesetz". As well as setting out the rights of the people, it describes the jobs of the President, the Cabinet, the Bundestag, Bundesrat and the Courts.

The President is the head of state. The Federal Chancellor is the head of government, and of the majority group in the legislature (law making body) which is called the Bundestag. Executive power is exercised by the government. The power to make federal law is given to the government and the two parts of parliament, the Bundestag and Bundesrat. The ministers of the government are members of the parliament, and need parliamentary support to stay in power.

From 1949 to 1990, the main political parties were the Social Democratic Party of Germany (SPD) and the Christian Democratic Union (CDU), with its "sister party", the Christian Social Union of Bavaria (CSU). After the reunification of Germany the Green Party and Alliance '90(Bündnis 90/Die Grünen) became more important and was in government between 1999 and 2005. Other important political parties after reunification have been the PDS (Party of Democratic Socialism) which was based on East Germany's Socialist Unity Party of Germany. It joined with The Left Party (Die Linkspartei or Die Linke) of western Germany. In 2007 Die Linke and WASG joined together under the leadership of Oskar Lafontaine

As Germany is a federal country, a lot of the work of government is done by the 16 states ("Länder"). Power is shared between the national (or federal) government and state governments. The national government cannot abolish the state governments.

The political system is set out in the 1949 constitution, the "Grundgesetz" (Basic Law), which stayed in effect after 1990's German reunification.

The constitution puts freedom and human rights first. It also splits powers both between the federal and state levels and between the legislative (law-making), executive (government), and judicial (courts) branches. The 1949 "Grundgesetz" was written to correct the problems with the Weimar Republic's constitution. The Weimar Republic collapsed in 1933 and was replaced by the dictatorship of the Third Reich.

The courts of Germany are independent of the government and the lawmakers. Senior judges are appointed by the Bundestag for a fixed term.

The "Bundeskanzler" (Federal Chancellor) heads the "Bundesregierung" (Federal Cabinet) and thus the executive branch of the federal government. He or she is chosen by and must report to the "Bundestag", Germany's parliament. Germany, like the United Kingdom, can thus be said to have a parliamentary system.

The Chancellor cannot be removed from office during a 4-year term unless the "Bundestag" has agreed on a successor. This Constructive Vote of No Confidence () is meant to stop what happened in the Weimar Republic. There the government did not have a lot of support in the parliament. The small parties often joined together to vote against the government, but could never stay together and choose a new government.

Except in the periods 1969-72 and 1976-82, when the social democratic party of Chancellor Brandt and Schmidt came in second in the elections, the Chancellor has always been the candidate of the largest party. Usually the largest party is helped by one or smaller more parties to get a majority in the parliament. Between 1969-72 and 1976-82 the smaller parties decided not to help the largest party, but the second biggest party instead.

The Chancellor appoints a Vice-Chancellor (Vizekanzler), who is a member of his cabinet, usually the Foreign Minister. When there is a coalition government (which has, so far, always been the case, except for the period of 1957 to 1961), the Vice-Chancellor usually belongs to the smaller party of the coalition.

The Chancellor is responsible for policy guidelines. This means he, or she, sets the broad ideas of what the government will do. To help carry out these ideas the Chancellor can change the make-up of the federal ministries whenever they want. For example, in the middle of January 2001, the Federal Ministry of Agriculture was renamed to Ministry of Consumer Protection, Food and Agriculture. This was to help fight the "Mad Cow Disease" BSE problem. At the same time some of the jobs ("competencies") of the Ministry of Justice, the Ministry of Economy, and the Ministry of Health were moved to the new Ministry of Consumer Protection.

Reporting to the cabinet is the Civil service of Germany.

The duties of the "Bundespräsident" (Federal President) are mostly representative and ceremonial; The power of the executive is exercised by the Chancellor.

The President is elected every 5 years on May 23 by the Federal Assembly ("Bundesversammlung"). The Bundesversammlung only meets to elect the President. Its members are the entire "Bundestag" and an equal number of state delegates selected especially for this purpose in proportion to election results for the state parliaments.
In February 2017, Frank-Walter Steinmeier of the SPD was elected. The reason that the President is not directly elected by the people is to stop him from claiming to be more powerful than the government and the constitution, which happened in the Weimar Republic.

Germany has a bicameral legislature, which means that the parliament has two houses. The "Bundestag" (Federal Diet) has at least 598 members, elected for a four-year term. Half of the members (299) are elected in single-seat constituencies according to first-past-the-post. The other 299 members are chosen from statewide party lists.

The total percentage of constituency members and regional list members a party has should equal the percentage of votes that a party gets. This is called proportional representation.

Because Voters vote once for a constituency representative, and a second time for a party Germany is said to have mixed-member proportional representation.

Sometimes a party already has more constituency seats in a "land" (state) than it should have to keep the percentage of votes and seats equal. The party does not lose seats. Instead, it gets no land seats. This means that the Bundestag sometimes has more than 598 members. In the current parliament, there are 16 overhang seats, giving a total of 614.

A party must get 5% of the national vote or win at least three constituency seats to be represented in the "Bundestag". This rule is often called the "five percent hurdle", was made to stop lots of small parties from being in the Bundestag. Small parties were blamed for the problems of the Weimar Republic's Reichstag.

The first "Bundestag" elections were held in the Federal Republic of Germany ("West Germany") on August 14, 1949. Following reunification, elections for the first all-German "Bundestag" were held on December 2, 1990. The last election was held on September 24, 2017, the 19th Bundestag met on October 24, 2017.

The "Bundesrat" (Federal Council) is the representation of the state governments at the federal level. The Bundesrat has 69 members who are delegates of the 16 "Bundesländer". Usually, the 16 Ministers President are members, but they do not have to be. The "Länder" each has from three to six votes in the "Bundesrat", depending on the population. "Bundesrat" members must vote as their state government tell them.

The legislature has powers of exclusive jurisdiction (it can make laws by itself) and concurrent jurisdiction with the "Länder" (the länder can also make laws). What laws and what type of laws are set out in the Basic Law.

The "Bundestag" does most lawmaking.

The "Bundesrat" must concur (agree) to laws about money shared by the federal and state governments and those making more work for the states. Often this means that the "Bundesrat" often needs to agree to a law because federal laws are often carried out by state or local agencies.

Since the political make-up of the "Bundesrat" is often different from that of the "Bundestag", the Bundesrat is often the place for opposition parties to put their point of view, rather than for the states to look after their interests, as the constitution intended.

To limit, members of the Bundestag and the Bundesrat form a Vermittlungsauschuss which is a joint committee to try to reach an agreement when the two chambers can not agree on a certain piece of legislation.

The following parties are represented in the German Bundestag since the federal elections of 2017:


Total 709 seats.

The Pirate Party Germany and the National Democratic Party of Germany (NPD) got no seats.

The Federal Council is composed by representatives of the State governments.

Germany has had a court system that was free of government control for longer than it has had democracy.

This means that the courts have traditionally been strong, and almost all state actions are subject to judicial review (being looked at by the court).

There is the "ordinary" courts system that handles civil and criminal cases

This has four levels

There is also a system of specialist courts, that deals with certain areas of the law. These generally have a state court and state appeals court before coming to the federal supreme court for that area of law. The other federal supreme courts are

Unlike the United States, all courts are state courts, except for the top-level supreme courts.

Germany also has another supreme court, the Bundesverfassungsgericht Federal Constitutional Court. The "Grundgesetz" says that every person may complain to the Federal Constitutional Court when his or her constitutional rights, especially human rights, have been violated by the government or one of its agencies and after he or she has gone through the ordinary court system.

The Bundesverfassungsgericht hears complaints about laws passed by the legislative branch, court decisions, or acts of the administration.

Usually, only a small percentage of these constitutional complaints, called "(Verfassungsbeschwerden)" are successful. Even so, the Court has often angered both the government and the lawmakers. The judges even say that they do not care about the reactions of the government, the Bundestag, or public opinion or about the cost of one of the court's decisions. All that matters is the constitution.

The Bundesverfassungsgericht is very high popular with ordinary people because it protects them from government wrongdoing.

Only the Constitutional Court can handle some types of cases, including arguments between government bodies about their constitutional powers.

Only the Constitutional Court has the power to ban political parties for being unconstitutional. However so far the Constitutional court has only used this power twice, outlawing the KPD (Communist Party of Germany) and the SRP (Socialist Reich Party, a successor to the NSDAP) because both parties ideas went against the constitution.

In the 1998 election the SPD said they wanted to reduce high unemployment rates and said new people were needed in government after 16 years of Helmut Kohl's government.

Gerhard Schröder said he was a centrist "Third Way" candidate like Britain's Tony Blair and America's Bill Clinton.

The CDU/CSU said people should look at how well off they were because of Kohl's government, and that the CDU/CSU had experience in foreign policy.

But the Kohl government was hurt at the polls by slower growth in the east in the previous two years, which meant the gap between east and west widened as the west got richer and the east did not.

The final seat count was enough to allow a "red-green" coalition of the SPD with Alliance '90/The Greens ("Bündnis '90/Die Grünen"), bringing the Greens into a national government for the first time.

The first months of the new government had policy disputes between the moderate and traditional left wings of the SPD, and some voters got fed up. The first state election after the federal election was held in Hesse in February 1999. The CDU increased its vote by 3.5%. The CDU became the largest party and replaced an SPD/Green coalition with a CDU/FDP coalition. The result was seen in part as a referendum on the federal government's ideas for a new citizenship law, which would have made it easier for long-time foreign residents to become German citizens, and also to keep their original citizenship as well.

In March 1999, SPD chairman and Minister of Finance Oskar Lafontaine, who represented a more traditional social democratic position, resigned from all offices after losing a party-internal power struggle against Schröder.

In state elections in 2000 and 2001, the respective SPD- or CDU-led coalition governments were re-elected into power.

The next election for the "Bundestag" was September 22, 2002. Gerhard Schröder led the coalition of SPD and Greens to an 11-seat victory over the CDU/CSU headed by Edmund Stoiber (CSU). Two factors are generally cited that enabled Schröder to win the elections despite poor approval ratings a few months before: good handling of the 2002 European floods and firm opposition to the USA's 2003 invasion of Iraq.

The coalition treaty for the second red-green coalition was signed on October 16, 2002. There were a lot of new ministers.

In February 2003, elections took place in the states of Hesse and Lower Saxony, was won by the conservatives. In Hesse, the CDU minister president Roland Koch was re-elected, with his party CDU gaining enough seats to govern without the former coalition partner FDP.

In Lower Saxony, the former SPD minister president Sigmar Gabriel lost the elections, leading to a CDU/FDP-government headed by new minister president Christian Wulff (CDU).
The protest against the Iraq war changed this situation a bit, favoring SPD and Greens.

The latest election in the state of Bavaria led to a landslide victory of the conservatives, gaining not just the majority (as usual), but two thirds of parliamentary seats.

In April 2003, chancellor Schröder announced massive labor market reforms, called Agenda 2010. This included a shakeup of the system of German job offices (Arbeitsamt), cuts in unemployment benefits and subsidies for unemployed persons who start their own businesses. These changes are commonly known by the name of the chairman of the commission which conceived them as Hartz I - Hartz IV. Although these reforms have sparked massive protests they are now credited with being in part responsible for the economic upswing and the fall of unemployment figures in Germany in the years 2006/7.

The European elections on June 13, 2004, brought a staggering defeat for the Social Democrats, who polled only slightly more than 21%, the lowest election result for the SPD in a nationwide election since the Second World War. Liberals, Greens, conservatives, and the far left were the winners of the European election in Germany, because voters were disillusioned by high unemployment and cuts in social security, while the governing SPD party seems to be concerned with quarrels between its members and gave no clear direction. Many observers believe that this election marked the beginning of the end of the Schröder government.

In September 2004, elections were held in the states of Saarland, Brandenburg and Saxony. In the Saarland, the governing CDU was able to remain in power and gained one additional seat in the parliament and the SPD lost seven seats, while the Liberals and Greens re-entered the state parliament. The far-right National Democratic Party, which had never got more than 1 or 2% of the vote, received about 4%, although it failed to earn a seat in the state parliament (a party must obtain at least 5% of the vote to achieve state parliamentary representation).

Two weeks later, elections were held in the eastern states of Brandenburg and Saxony: once again, overall, the ruling parties lost votes and although they remained in power, the right to far-right parties made the big leaps. In Brandenburg, the Deutsche Volksunion (DVU) re-entered the state parliament after winning 6.1% of the vote. In Saxony, the NPD entered a non-competition agreement with the DVU and obtained 9.2% of the vote, thus winning seats in the state parliament. Due to their losses at the ballots, the ruling CDU of Saxony was forced to form a coalition with the SPD. The rise of the right to far-right worries the ruling political parties.

On May 22, 2005, as predicted the SPD was defeated in its former heartland, North Rhine-Westphalia. Half an hour after the election results, the SPD chairman Franz Müntefering announced that the chancellor would clear the way for premature federal elections by deliberately losing a vote of confidence.

This took everyone by surprise, especially because the SPD was below 25% in polls at the time. On the following Monday, the CDU announced Angela Merkel as a conservative candidate for chancellorship.

Whereas in May and June 2005 victory of the conservatives seemed highly likely, with some polls giving them an absolute majority, this changed shortly before the election on September 18, 2005, especially after the conservatives introduced Paul Kirchhof as potential minister of the treasury, and after a TV duel between Merkel and Schröder where many considered Schröder to have performed better.

New for the 2005 election was the alliance between the newly formed Electoral Alternative for Labour and Social Justice (WASG) and the PDS, planning to join into a common party (see Left Party.PDS). With the former SPD chairman Oskar Lafontaine for the WASG and Gregor Gysi for the PDS as prominent figures, this alliance soon found interest in the media and in the population. Polls in July saw them as high as 12%.

After success in the state election for Saxony, the alliance between the far right parties National Democratic Party and Deutsche Volksunion (DVU), which planned to leapfrog the "five-percent hurdle" on a common party ticket was another media issue.

The election results of September 18, 2005, were surprising. They were very different from the polls of the previous weeks. The conservatives lost votes compared to 2002, reaching only 35%, and failed to get a majority for a "black-yellow" government of CDU/CSU and liberal FDP. The FDP polled 10% of the votes, one of their best results ever. But the red-green coalition also failed to get a majority, with the SPD losing votes, but polling 34% and the greens staying at 8%. The left party alliance reached 8.7% and entered the German Parliament, whereas the NPD only got 1.6%.

The most likely outcome of coalition talks was a so-called "grand coalition" between the conservatives (CDU/CSU) and the social democrats (SPD), with the three smaller parties (liberals, greens, and the left) in the opposition. Other possible coalitions include a "traffic light coalition" between SPD, FDP, and Greens and a "Jamaica coalition" between CDU/CSU, FDP, and Greens. Coalitions involving the Left Party were ruled out by all parties (including the Left Party itself), although the combination of one of the major parties and any two small parties would mathematically have a majority. Of these combinations, only a red-red-green coalition is politically even imaginable. Both Gerhard Schröder and Angela Merkel announced that they had won the election and should become the next chancellor.

On October 10, talks were held between Franz Müntefering, the SPD chairman, Gerhard Schröder, Angela Merkel, and Edmund Stoiber, the CSU chairman. In the afternoon it was announced that the CDU/CSU and SPD would begin formal coalition negotiations with the aim of a Grand Coalition with Angela Merkel as the next German chancellor.

Angela Merkel is the first woman, the first East German and the first scientist to be chancellor as well as the youngest German chancellor ever. On November 22, 2005, Angela Merkel was sworn in by president Horst Köhler for the office of Bundeskanzlerin.



Musical notation

Music notation or musical notation is a way of writing down music so that anyone can play it. Many systems have been used in the past to write music. Today most musicians in the Western world write musical notes on a stave: five parallel lines with four spaces in between them. However, there are many others, some of which are in use today in different cultures.

Writing music down makes it possible for a composer who makes up (composes) a piece of music to let other people know how the music is supposed to sound. That music can then be played or sung by anybody who can “read music”. If music is not written down, then people can only learn other people’s music by listening to it and trying to copy it. This is how folk music was traditionally learned.

The earliest kind of notation was written on tablets using a way of writing called cuneiform. Music from Nippur from about 2000 B.C. has been found which seems to give an approximate idea of how the music should be played. A tablet from 1250 B.C. has musical notation which shows the names of the strings of a lyre. They are the earliest records we have of written music.

Musical notation from Ancient Greece showed the notes in more detail than the earlier cuneiform. It shows the pitch (how high or low the note is) and how long it lasts. It sometimes give an idea of the harmony. It was used from at least the 6th century BC until about the 4th century AD.
When music started to be written down in Europe it was music for the Roman Catholic church. The monks who wrote it down used a system of dots and strokes called neumes. They gave an idea of how high or low the notes were, but did not show the length of the notes. They may have been used by people who knew the music already and just needed a reminder of when to go up and down.

People gradually realized that it was necessary to find a system which showed the exact pitch of the note. The first stave was just one single horizontal line. Gradually this increased to four lines. Guido d’Arezzo, an Italian Benedictine monk who lived in the 11th century developed this system which soon led to the way of writing music that we know. By the 16th century everybody was using the 5 line stave. A system of bars (measures) was used everywhere by the end of the 17th century. At first the bar lines where there to show which notes should be played or sung together. Gradually the system we know today was developed in which each bar lasted the same length of time, and has a particular number of beats (counts) for each bar. By the end of the 17th century this was used by most musicians in European classical music.

Today we use a five-line staff. The pitch (highness or lowness of a note) is shown by where the note is put on the staff. There may also be sharps or flats in front of some of the notes. The note value (amount of time for a note) in shown by how the note looks. The music is read from left to right.

A staff of written music usually has a clef in front. This shows exactly which notes are to be played. Notes which are very high or low can be put on extra lines called ledger lines above or below the stave.

After the clef there is usually a key signature which shows the key of the piece: it shows which sharps or flats are to be used regularly.

After the key signature is the time signature. Bars (measures) divide the piece into regular groupings of beats, and the time signatures show these groupings.

Above the music there is usually a word, or words, to show the tempo (speed) At various places in the music there will be dynamic marks to show how loud or soft to play.

For vocal music, words are written underneath the notes.

When music is played by a large group of instruments such as an orchestra the music is written in a "score". This shows the music played by all the instruments, so there are many staves written underneath one another. The conductor will need to have a score, but the players will play from a “part” which has just the notes that they play. All the parts needed for a piece of music is called a “set of parts”.

Instruments such as guitars often play from a chord chart or just the names of the chords (C7, Em etc.) written underneath the music or under the words of a song.

A system called solfege has been used by musicians ever since the Renaissance. This shows the names of the notes of a scale (do, re, mi etc.).

Lute music in the Renaissance and Baroque periods used to be written in a system called tabulature. Some 20th century composers have also used tabulature.

Some modern composers such as John Cage have written music by making drawings called graphic notation.

Music can also be written in Braille for blind musicians.

Today computers are often used for making music. This has led to other forms of music notation which are used in different systems of software. The MIDI file format, stores information about the pitch, duration, speed, volume etc. of notes and can be used to control a MIDI instrument.

There are other systems in use today for some non-Western music.


Musicology

Musicology means the study of music by a scholar. A scholar is an academic person, often a professor or lecturer at a university. Someone who studies musicology is a Musicologist.

Musicologists study all kinds of music. They study the history of music and learn about all the composers and how they developed their ideas and learned from one another. They can do this by studying music scores, or by looking for historical documents which tell us about musicians from the past. Musicologists may also study the philosophy of music (thinking about what music means). 

They write articles in musical journals or books on music. This can help us to know and understand more about the music we play or listen to.


Armenian–Tatar massacres of 1905–1907

The Armenian-Tatar massacres (also known as the Armenian Tatar War and the Armeno-Tatar War) refers to the ethnic fight between the Armenians and the Caucasian Tartars (modern Azeris) in the Caucasus in 1905—1907.

The massacres started during the Russian Revolution of 1905. Hundreds of people were killed. The most violent fights happened in 1905 in February in Baku, in May in Nakhichevan, in August in Shusha and in November in Ganja.

C-pop

C-pop is short for Chinese popular music (). Most of today's C-pop artists are from Hong Kong, Taiwan and mainland China, as well as from other countries where Mandarin or Cantonese languages are used, such as Singapore and Malaysia. However, Taiwanese music has some origins from the Japanese enka so Taiwanese pop is sometimes said to be a different genre from C-Pop.

Cantonese pop, or colloquially known as Cantopop, is a subgenre of C-pop, sung in Cantonese language. Most Hong Kong-born singers start off as Cantonese pop singers before starting a career as a Mandarin pop singer. Cantonese pop artists include:


"The Four Heavenly Kings" of Cantonese pop are Leon Lai, Andy Lau, Aaron Kwok and Jacky Cheung.

In the early 1990s, many major Cantonese pop stars (such as Alan Tam, Leslie Cheung, Samuel Hui, Priscilla Chan and Joseph Koo) decided to retire because of the protests in China in 1989. Cantonese pop needed new talent to fill the gaps left by these retired stars, this led to the beginning of "the Four Heavenly Kings" or "四大天王" ("lit." Four Great Kings of Heaven): Jacky Jeung, Andy Lau, Aaron Kwok and Leon Lai. They were dominating the media in all forms, from magazines, TV, cinema to music.

Mandarin pop () is a subgenre of C-pop. Also known as Mandopop and Mandapop, Mandarin pop songs are performed in Mandarin. Most Cantonese pop stars also expand their music career into the Mandarin pop scene.


Stefanie Sun

Stefanie Sun () is a multi-award-winning C-Pop singer and songwriter. She was born on 1978. Stefanie has sold over 10 million copies in Asia. After her release of her tenth album, she is said to be the most popular Mandarin female singer in Asia and the most successful singer from Singapore.

Stefanie Sun has an elder sister Sng Yee Kia and a younger sister Sng EeMei.

Stefanie wen to school at Saint Margaret's Secondary School, Raffles Girls' School and went on to attend Saint Andrew's Junior College. She later attended Nanyang Technological University, where she got a degree in Marketing. Her abilities were discovered by her music teacher at his music school.

Among Mandarin-speakers, Stefanie is known by her Mandarin name, Sun Yan Zi. She speaks the Teochew dialect, and in Teochew her name is pronounced as "Sng Ee Tze," which is her official name. Most of her songs are sung in Mandarin, with several in English. Stefanie's ability to speak many dialects is shown in the songs she sings. 

In the song "Cloudy Day" (called 天黑黑 in Chinese), she sings in both Mandarin and Min Nan (Taiwanese). "Cloudy Day" is an adaptation of a traditional Taiwanese folk song.

Her album START! contains 6 songs in English: "Venus", "That I Will Be Good", "Sometimes Love Just Ain't Enough", "Silent All These Years", and "Hey Jude"; and a song she wrote called "Someone".

Stefanie does most of her recording and performing in Taiwan, where most of her fans are. She also visits China, Hong Kong, Malaysia and Singapore, where many of her fans are.

Her first music album was released in June 2000, the self-titled YanZi, published by Warner Music. The album sold over 330,000 copies in Taiwan. Her next album, which was released in December of the same year was titled My Desired Happiness or 我要的幸福 in Chinese. My Desired Happiness sold over 380,000 copies in Taiwan. Both albums achieved great success – each album sold over 1,000,000 copies in mainland China.

Her third album was released in early 2001, titled Kite, which sold successfully with 300,000 copies in Taiwan and more than 950,000 in China.

In January 2002 she released START, which was titled 自選集 in China. START was a collection of songs and cover versions. START! sold over 250,000 copies in Taiwan alone in less than a month and overall 1,000,000 copies sold in mainland China.

In 2002 and 2003, Stefanie sang the official theme songs for Singapore's National Day Parade: We Will Get There (一起走到 in Chinese) and One United People (全心全意 in Chinese). One United People was included on the album Leave.

In early 2003, she released the album To Be Continued… which like her previous releases, was a success. It sold more than 250,000 copies in Taiwan and more than 1,000,000 in China. Only a few months later, she released her seventh album with six new songs mixed with fifteen of her old songs. By the end of 2003, Stefanie had sold over 7,000,000 copies in Asia with just seven albums.

In late 2003, she decided to take a one-year break from making music, because she wanted to find again her direction in her career. She returned in late 2004 with a new album titled Stefanie, which was meant to reflect her debut album (self-titled as well, but in Chinese). This was to symbolise her return with a fresh attitude. This album sold more than 2,300,000 copies in Asia; making it her most successful album. She also started her own company called Make Music.

A Perfect Day was released on 2005, almost one year later. Reviews of this new album were mixed, but Stefanie said that all she wanted was to make quality music, instead of releases that sell well but have a lower level of artistic quality. This album was not her highest-selling, but it had still managed to sell over 1,000,000 copies in Asia.
In 2006, Stefanie had 4 full-house concerts at the Hong Kong Coliseum. The performances were praised by the media as well as fans. Stefanie also returned to Singapore in a much-anticipated homecoming concert. However, at The Golden Melody Awards 2006 in Taiwan, while performing songs that were meant to be for male singers, she went off-key, due to having not enough sleep, jet lag, and not having enough time to practice. The media said she had shattered her image of a pop diva with great singing skills. Though she had been heavily criticized by the media, many think that she did not perform as bad, instead the media had over-emphasized on her singing that night.

Stefanie’s first album under the Capitol brand is entitled Against the Light or 逆光 in Chinese. It was released on 22 March 2007. Her decision to leave Warner after 9 albums was partly due to music executive Sam Chen, who now works at EMI. He had collaborated with Stefanie on 8 of her 9 albums.

On 26 February 2007, Stefanie returned from Cairo where she and her team were extorted by suspected local gangsters. Stefanie was in Egypt to shoot a PV for her new album. Two men disguised as government officials followed her and the crew and asked for money and even showing a handgun. The crew tried calling the police but the police didn’t believe them. The crew had to hand over a total of over 200,000 yuan in order to continue shooting.

Stefanie’s tenth album Against the Light, has been a major success in Asia. In Taiwan, it sold over 60,000 copies in the first 3 days it was released. In addition, over 500,000 copies were sold within a week in China. Stefanie was also the number one spot in the Taiwanese Music Charts for 4 weeks.

In 2007, Stefanie sang the offcial theme song for ASEAN's 40th anniversary celebrations: Rise. 

2005 German federal election

The election of the German Federal Diet "(Bundestag)" 2005 took place on 18 September 2005.

Mudra

In Indian religions, a mudra (Sanskrit, literally "seal") is a gesture made with the hand or fingers. Along with "asanas" (body postures), they are used in yoga. Each mudra has a meaning. They are a central part of Hindu iconography. Mudras are also used in Buddhism. There are hand gestures in both Hindu and Buddhist iconography. An example would be the outward-facing open palm known as "Abhay" (without fear) mudra, a gesture meant to dispel fear.



Aaron Kwok

Aaron Kwok is a popular Hong Kong singer and movie actor. He is one of the "Four Heavenly Kings" of Cantopop. He has been called "Hong Kong's Michael Jackson" for his dancing.

Aaron Kwok is one of Hong Kong and Asia's most important pop stars. Over the last decade or so, Kwok has won over a hundred music awards. As a solo performer, he has played in over 200 concerts around the world.

After graduating from secondary school, Kwok worked at the King Fook Gold and Jewellery Co. Ltd. His father, who owns a gold retail store, wanted him to gain experience in the business and eventually taking over the family business.

In 1984, Aaron Kwok joined a dancer training course at HK-TVB, where his talent for dancing was shown. There, Kwok performed in PVs and a variety of TV shows. In 1985, Kwok's outstanding performance in a pageant show was spotted. He was transferred to the acting department of the talent training course and became a TV actor, where he played a few roles in Chinese television drama shows.

In the early 1990s, a Taiwanese motorcycle CM gave him instant fame. He burst onto the music scene with his now-famous song Loving You Forever (called 對你愛不完 in the Chinese and original release) and the dance moves for the song. In the next few years, his popularity reached fever-pitch and he was soon ranked alongside the most popular artists of the time.

Over the years, Kwok has also taken part in other mediums such as CMs and acting, especially with director-cinematographer Andrew Lau. Kwok has also done extensive public service and charity work, which is why he was amongst the winners of the Ten Most Outstanding Young Persons Award 2003.

In 2004, a string of concert dates earned Kwok a Hong Kong Dance Award presented by the Hong Kong Dance Alliance. Due to this success, Kwok toured again in 2005, receiving much praise.

At the Taiwan's forty-second Golden Horse Awards ceremony on 13 November 2005, Kwok won Best Leading Actor award for his role in the movie "Divergence". It was Kwok's first Golden Horse nomination and beat veteran Hong Kong star Tony Leung to win the honour.

Aaron won the Best Actor Award again at the forty-third Golden Horse Awards on 24 November 2006 for his role in the movie "After This Our Exile". He became the second actor in the history of the Golden Horse Awards to win the Best Actor Award year after year. Jackie Chan first achieved this back in the 1990s.


Styrene

Styrene is a certain organic chemical compound having the chemical formula CH. Its chemical structure is made up of a vinyl group bonded onto a benzene ring. This benzene ring makes styrene an aromatic compound. At room temperature and pressure, styrene is a clear, colorless liquid. Other names for styrene can be "styrol", "vinylbenzene", "phenylethene", or "phenylethylene". 

Styrene is used in polymer chemistry as a monomer. This means many styrene molecules can bond together to make a larger molecule called polystyrene. Polystyrene is a kind of polymer often used as a plastic. This kind of chemical reaction is called polymerization. 

Styrene can also bond with other kinds of monomers to make other kinds of polymers called "copolymers". For one example, styrene has been mixed with another monomer called 1,3-butadiene to make a copolymer which is a kind of synthetic rubber. For another example, styrene is mixed with acrylonitrile and 1,3-butadiene to make a copolymer plastic called ABS (Acrylonitrile-Butadiene-Styrene).

In industry, styrene is made from ethylbenzene by this chemical reaction: 

This kind of reaction is called dehydrogenation. Hydrogen is also made by this reaction..

Para Para Sakura

Para Para Sakura is a 2001 romance-comedy movie directed by Jingle Ma, starring Aaron Kwok and Cecilia Cheung. It was filmed and produced in Hong Kong. It runs for 107 minutes and is in the language Cantonese.

Kwok plays the role of Phillip Wong, a colour-blind dance instructor who holds a class devoted to the latest dance craze, the Japanese Para Para. While in Shanghai, Phillip meets Yee (Cheung), a spoiled rich girl who is running away from her up-coming arranged marriage. Soon, Yee begins using Phillip's dance studio as a sanctuary from her responsibilities, and an attraction begins to form between the two. However, Yee is called back to Japan to be married before long, and Phillip must use more than his dance skills and charisma to prevent her from taking her vows.



JJ Lin

Wayne Lim Junjie (born March 27, 1981) is a Singaporean singer, songwriter, and music composer. Lin is commonly known as JJ Lin and his Chinese name is Lin Jun Jie. In 2004, with his self-composed song Jiang Nan, his career began to take off and his name became quickly known throughout China and Taiwan. JJ Lin was originally managed by the entertainment agency called Alfa Music from 2003 to 2007. In 2007, he left his previous agency and joined JVR Music.
Even though JJ Lin was born in Singapore, he is actually a descendant from a Chinese province known as Fujian. JJ can speak English and Mandarin fluently. JJ Lin’s hobbies include drawing, composing songs, singing, and photographing. The idols that he likes include Michael Jackson, Britney Spears, Jacky Cheung (Zhang Xue You), David Tao (Tao Zhe), and so on. The food that JJ hates most is tomatoes. In various variety shows, he showed strong fear and dislike whenever tomatoes were put in front of his eyes. The colors that he likes the most are blue, black, white and grey. One of unforgettable experiences in his life was traveling in Japan when he was young. 

In China and Taiwan, JJ Lin was best known for his talent in composing songs instead of his appearance. He composes most of the songs in his albums. From his debut in 2003, he has produced several “hit” albums. For example, his album named No.89757, published in 2005, which mainly talked about the love between a robot and a girl a thousand years from now, sold more than 1,500,000 copies in just three months. His next album, known as Cao Cao, did even better. This album sold around 2,000,000 copies in just two weeks, a miracle in the Chinese Music Industry. Whenever JJ Lin publishes an album, it almost always becomes a hit. JJ’s songs can be heard throughout China and Taiwan in various TV programs, singing competitions, and radio channels. JJ Lin not only writes songs for himself but also for other famous celebrities, notably Ji De (Remember) for Taiwanese pop diva A-Mei and Fang Shou for his fellow label mate A-Do.

JJ Lin’s undeniable talent in composing has earned him numerous awards every year. For instance, in 2004, he won the “Best New Artist” award in 15th Taiwan Golden Melody Awards. In the same year, he also won “Best New Act” in Singapore Hit Awards. In 2006 Beijing Music Awards, with his popular album Cao Cao, he swept several big awards including Most Popular Male Artist, Top Twenty Golden Melody, Best Album, Best Producer, and “True Hero” Award.
In 2011, with his latest album She Says, JJ Lin has earned himself Best Mandarin Male Singer Award in 22nd Golden Melody Awards.


Zhang Li Yin

Li Yin Zhang (; ), also known in Korea by her Korean name RiIn Jang, is the first and currently only Chinese solo singer to break into the Korean music industry. Li Yin has been nicknamed the "Chinese BoA". She speaks both Mandarin and Korean, and has released music in both Korea and China. She also speaks English but has not yet released any records fully in English.

Li Yin was born on 18 February 1989 in Sichuan, China. She grew up in a musical family, as both of her parents were professional violinists. As a child, her parents took her to their rock concerts and exposed her to a variety of music. At three years old, she began to learn the violin. Li Yin liked classical, American and European music so much that she says she never sang children's songs when she was a child.

As she grew older, Li Yin became more into pop music than rock music. She had to secretly listen to pop music because her parents were against it. When she was twelve, she went to a middle school founded by the Sichuan Music College after scoring the highest with her violin-playing, but she chose to become a singer instead. She was selected as one of the top-ten teenage singers in a national singing competition in Beijing. Eventually, her parents began to support her dream to become a singer.

Li Yin was discovered by SM Entertainment. She started training in 2003 at the age of 13 and for 3 years, she special singing and dance training under SM Entertainment. While doing so, she discovered her R&B talent.

Li Yin's debut was greatly anticipated not only in Korea, but the whole of Asia because of the promotion of her being "The Next BoA" and "The Chinese BoA." Before her official debut, it was already known that her song was a duet with popular TVXQ-member Xiah Junsu, which caused even more excitement and anticipation among the general public.

On 8 September 2006, Li Yin released her first single, "Timeless". On the first day of release, she ranked #2 on the online charts of SBS Inkigayo. The song was placed #1 on Daum's Music Video chart as well as hitting the highest search number on the famous Korean search engine Naver. The PV was ranked #1 on Melon's Video Chart for 30 days .

In early 2007, Li Yin promoted the second track of her debut single called "Y (Why...)", which is a power ballad. SM Entertainment also released a "Timeless" documentary version of her "Y (Why...)" PV. It featured her hardships while training, as well as many behind-the-scenes clips of her promotion of "Timeless", including never-before-seen footage of her and Xiah Junsu.

She also performed with boy-band TVXQ at their second Korean concert in Seoul, South Korea on 23 February 2007. She sang BoA's part in the song "Try-Angle", previously performed by BoA, TVXQ and The TRAX.

She also performed "Timeless" with Xiah Junsu at the Hallyu Expo in Korea on 8 March 2007. In July, along with Kangta, TVXQ, The Grace and Super Junior, she performed in Korea for the SMTown Summer Concert 2007.

After a long year of absence without releasing any records, Zhang Li Yin announced during an interview early December 2007 that her long-awaited debut album will be released in February 2008. The album is titled "星愿 - I WILL" (lit. "Star Wish: I Will" ). It has been released in Korea, China, Japan, Singapore and Malaysia.

Nyingma

Nyingma is the name of one of the four major schools of Tibetan Buddhism. It is th oldest school of Tibetan Buddhism and was founded by the Gandharan monk, Padmasambhava. The word "Nyingma" means "ancient". Nyingma followers see themselves as holding the oldest teachings of Vajrayana. Some of these teachings can be found in the local Bön religion of Tibet.

Notable modern Nyingma teachers include Kyabje Dudjom Rinpoche (c. 1904–1987), Sogyal Rinpoche, Dilgo Khyentse Rinpoche, Khenpo Choga Rinpoche, filmmaker Khyentse Norbu (also known as Dzongsar Jamyang Khyentse Rinpoche), and Penor Rinpoche.

433 Eros

433 Eros is the first Near-Earth asteroid (NEA) that was found. It was named after the Greek god of love, Eros (Greek Ἔρως). It is an S-type asteroid about 13 × 13 × 33 km in size, the second-biggest near-Earth asteroid (NEA) after 1036 Ganymed. It belongs to the Amors. It is the first asteroid that was known to cross inside the orbit of Mars. Eros is one of the few NEAs bigger than 10 km across. It is thought to be bigger than the asteroid that made the Chicxulub crater in the Yucatán and probably caused the extinction of the dinosaurs.

On January 31, 2012, Eros passed close to Earth at 0.1787 astronomical units (16.6 million miles). This is about 700 times farther from the Earth than the moon is. It had brightness of +8.1 visual magnitude.

During rare oppositions, every 81 years, such as in 1975 and 2056, Eros will be directly away from the sun, as seen from Earth. Then, Eros can reach a magnitude of +7.1, which is brighter than Neptune and brighter than any main belt asteroid except 4 Vesta (and sometimes 2 Pallas and 7 Iris). At opposition, the asteroid actually appears to stop in place when compared to stars in the sky. Unlike most objects in the solar system, it never appears to be retrograde (back-track across the sky).

Eros was visited by the NEAR Shoemaker probe, which orbited it, taking many pictures of its surface. On February 12, 2001, at the end of its mission, NEAR landed on the asteroid's surface using its maneuvering jets.

Objects in an orbit like Eros can exist for only a few hundred million years before the orbit is changed by the effects of gravity. Simulations suggest that Eros may evolve into an Earth-crosser within 2 million years (Michel et al., 1996).

The adjectival form which is not used a lot of the name Eros is "Erotian".

Surface gravity depends on the distance from a spot on the surface to the center of a body's mass. The Erotian surface gravity changes a lot, since Eros is not a sphere but a stretched peanut-shaped (or potato- or shoe-shaped) object. The daytime temperature on Eros stays at about 100 °C and nighttime measurements at −150 °C. Eros's density is 2,400 kg/m, about the same as the density of Earth's crust. Its day lasts 5.27 hours.

NEAR scientists have found that most of the bigger rocks scattered across Eros were blown from a single crater in a meteorite collision approximately 1 billion years ago. This impact may also be the reason why nearly half of the Erotian surface doesn't have small craters. It was first thought that the debris thrown up by the collision filled in the smaller craters (those less than half a kilometer across). A study of crater on the surface shows that the areas with the fewest craters are within 9 kilometers of the impact point. This includes the opposite side of the asteroid but still within 9 kilometers.

Eros was found on the same night (13 August 1898) by Gustav Witt in Berlin and Auguste Charlois at Nice. Witt was taking a 2-hour exposure of beta Aquarius to get astrometric positions of asteroid 185 Eunike.

In 1975, Eros became the first asteroid to be detected by radar.

Eros was one of the first asteroids to be visited by a spacecraft, and the first to be orbited and soft-landed on. NASA spacecraft NEAR Shoemaker entered orbit around Eros in 2000, and came to rest on its surface in 2001.


Thelema

Thelema is the English spelling of the Greek noun : "will", from the verb "θέλω": to will, wish, purpose. Early Christian writings use the word to refer to the will of God, the human will, and even the will of God's opponent, the Devil.

Thelema is also a way of life first written about by François Rabelais (16th century) in his famous books of fiction, Gargantua and Pantagruel. The core of this way of life was summed up in the phrase ""Do what thou wilt"" ("fay çe que vouldras" in the original old French). This idea was later put into practice in the mid 18th century by Sir Francis Dashwood at Medmenham.

This Thelemic Law of Rabelais was revived by Aleister Crowley in 1904 when Crowley wrote "The Book of the Law". This book contains both the word "Thelema" in Greek as well as the phrase "Do what thou wilt." From this, Crowley took Thelema as the name of his own religion. Shri Gurudev Mahendranath wrote that Rabelais, Dashwood, and Crowley must share the honor of perpetuating Thelema.

The core of Thelemic thought is "Do what thou wilt." People understand and apply this in different ways. For example, some people accept Crowley as a prophet. Other people regard Crowley's system to be only one form of Thelema. Crowley himself shared this view:

Many followers of Thelema learn and use other systems of spiritual thought, blending them according to their own will with Thelema. Most borrow freely from other traditions. For example, Nu and Had are thought to be the same as or similar to the Tao and Teh of Taoism, Shakti and Shiva of the Hindu Tantras, Shunyata and Bodhicitta of Buddhism, Ain Soph and Kether in the Qabalah. Like Crowley, other followers of Thelema make free use of the methods and practices of other traditions, including alchemy, astrology, qabalah, tantra, tarot, and yoga, according to their own wills.

Some groups say that they are true to Crowley's system (such as A∴A∴ and Ordo Templi Orientis). Some groups build upon his teachings, expanding upon and extending them. For example, the Fraternitas Saturni (Brotherhood of Saturn), founded in 1928 in Germany, accepts the Law of Thelema, but extends it with the phrase "Mitleidlose Liebe!" ("Compassionless love!"). The Thelema Society, also in Germany, accepts Liber Legis and much of Crowley's work on magick, while also including the ideas of other thinkers, such as Friedrich Nietzsche, Charles S. Peirce, Martin Heidegger, and Niklas Luhmann. In America, the writings of Maggie Ingalls (Nema) have started a movement called Maat Magick, along with a group called the Horus-Maat Lodge, founded in 1979. This movement combines elements of Thelema with Nema's system based on the Egyptian goddess Ma'at. She wrote her own holy book titled "Liber Pennae Praenumbra." They aim to combine the current Aeon of Horus with the future Aeon of Ma'at in which mankind will achieve balance.

Most of Thelemic writing was written by Aleister Crowley. He wrote many books. Many of them were on the subject of Thelema. During his time, there were a few other people who wrote on the subject, including Charles Stansfeld Jones and J.F.C. Fuller. Since his death in 1947 only a few new writers have written on the subject:

Thelema has been attracting more attention in recent years from scholars of religion, especially those interested in new religious movements, contemporary Gnosticisms and Hermeticisms. References at the end of this article supply a few such sources. Perhaps the most unusual attempt was made by bishop Federico Tolli, in his German book "Thelema – Im Spannungsfeld zwischen Christentum, Logentradition und New Aeon" For Tolli, Thelema is to be regarded as the dialectical consequence of Christianity. Christianity for Tolli exists as a community in Christ, whereas Tolli sees Thelema as a necessarily individualistic response to the world.

Taken from a 1938 theological dictionary (to the New Testament), the idea of 'salvation history' "(Heilsgeschichte)" has a great effect on Tolli's thought. Tolli regards Crowley's "Heilsgeschichte" as one in which the whole Universe (ergo the Will of God) is to combine (analogous to the Alchemical formula 'coagula'). "Love", in the form of combinatory attraction ("Love is the law, love under will"), is a universal principle – therefore akin to the concept of Natural religion. The main difference (for Tolli) is that in Christianity salvation of the entire Universe ("Ganzheit") cannot be made by 'solipsistic' man. The bishop sees Crowley as a failed – however talented – artist or "Mystagogie", but not as a "Satanist". It was Tolli who first said that the genuine meaning and idea of Thelema does not necessarily contradict the teachings of Jesus, as Crowley himself affirms.




Svecchachara

Svecchachara is the Sanskrit equivalent of the Greek word Thelema, interpreted by Aleister Crowley as "Do What Thou Wilt."

In the first volume of the TWILIGHT YOGA, "Ecstasy, Equipoise, and Eternity", Shri Gurudev Mahendranath wrote,


Ole Nydahl

Ole Nydahl (born 19 March 1941 in Copenhagen, Denmark) is the founder and leader of Diamond Way Buddhism, an organisation in the Karma Kagyu school of Tibetan Buddhism. Since the 1970s he has travelled the world teaching and founding meditation centres.
Ole Nydahl’s first teacher was the Drukpa-Kagyu master Lopon Tsechu Rinpoche. In December 1969, Ole Nydahl and his late wife, Hannah Nydahl met the 16th Karmapa, Rangjung Rigpe Dorje, a renowned yogi and the head of the Karma Kagyu lineage. They were among the first Western students of the 16th Karmapa. Ole Nydahl is also a student of Shamar Rinpoche.

Ole Nydahl has written several books in either English or German which have been translated into several European languages.

Most popular English titles:


Tank (Taiwanese singer)

Tank (real name 呂建中 Lǚ Jiàn Zhōng, born February 6 1982) is a Taiwanese singer-songwriter. He is currently signed to HIM International Music, which also manages famous singers and groups like S.H.E, Fahrenheit and Power Station. Tank's first album, "Fighting 生存之道" was released on 23 February 2006.

Tank was born in Taitung, Taiwan. He is an aboriginal Taiwanese. Before releasing his debut album, Tank helped write songs for Vic Zhou and S.H.E, among many other famous C-Pop artists. By the age of 21, he was already well known for composing more than 200 songs.

He bloomed into fame when two songs he composed, "三國戀" ("Romance of Three Kingdoms") and "給我你的愛" ("Give Me Your Love"), were used as theme songs for Taiwanese TV shows. Another song, titled as "千年淚", was used as an ending theme for the drama serial 天外飛仙. His second album "Keep Fighting!" ("延長比賽") was released on 19 January 2007. His single, "My Angel", was used for an ending theme of romantic comedy series Hana Kimi.

Tanks has released two albums.
Tank is currently writing his third album. It is set to be released later in 2008


Mayday

Mayday () is one of the biggest alternative rock bands in the Taiwanese pop culture. Mayday sing songs mostly in Mandarin and sometimes in Taiwanese language.

Before Mayday's official debut in 1998, the band sung in local restaurants and clubs. Mayday became famous with their 1999 single "志明與春嬌". In the same year, on 28 August, they held a concert at the Chungshan Soccer Stadium, gaining fame in other countries such as Singapore, Hong Kong and Malaysia.

In 2001, they took a break from performing. In the August of 2003, Mayday was reunited and they held a reunion concert the Chungshan Soccer Stadium, the very place where they held their debut concert. 40,000 fans attended the concert, breaking Taiwan's record for the largest number of fans at a concert, a record previously held by pop star Michael Jackson.

Near the end of 2006, on 29 December, they released their 6th studio album, "Born to Love". They made a surprise announcement not long after the album's release, that they would not hold autograph sessions but instead, would hold concerts in Taiwan. The tickets were included in albums which the fans bought. They held ten concerts to let all the fans see them. On the night after the concert, despite saying that they will not hold any autograph sessions, they did - the sessions lasted for 11 hours from New Year's Eve to New Year's Day, making that autograph session to be the first of the year 2007.

Ashin
Ashin is well known for his unique vocals and his insightful lyrics. He has composed and written songs for other artists, such Fish Leong, Wang Lee Hom and Twins (band). In 2006, Ashin wrote a book titled "Happy.Birth.Day", a collection of "rock poems." Ashin also designs Mayday's concert shirts. In addition, he has also designed a perfume.

Monster
The leader of Mayday, Monster is in charge of daily operation of the band.

Stone
The first married member of Mayday, Stone is well known for his love for his wife to whom he proposed to at their 2001 concert. He claims he would leave Mayday if his wife asked him to.

Masa
Masa is known for being outspoken. His is also well known for his eccentric words and wit. He has also been romantically linked to Fish Leong.

Ming
He is the 4th drummer of Mayday. His birth name is Yan Ming, but he changed his name to Guan You because of a fortune-teller to be luckier. However, according to him, it does not seemed to have worked. He proposed to his girlfriend during a Mayday concert in Beijing in November 2005 and was married in June 2006. His daughter was born in October 2006. He became the first father among the five members of Mayday.


Der Dativ ist dem Genitiv sein Tod

Der Dativ ist dem Genitv sein Tod (German: "the dative case is the genitive case's death") is a book series written by Bastian Sick which deals with doubtful cases of grammar, orthography, and punctuation. Because of that, the writer wants to fight against unthinking habit and what he believes to be a change to a lower state of the language. The book came from a collection of Zwiebelfisch-collumns of Bastian Sick, which appear weekly in the Spiegel Online. At present, the second and third volumes are available. The volumes are from one time to another at the top of book sales lists.

In several states of Germany, writings from the books have been officially recognized as teaching documents after Sick's foreword was used in Saarland in August 2005.

"Eats, Shoots & Leaves" written by Lynne Truss is a book which in a similarly popular style discusses punctuation in English. In Sweden, a similar book, which is based on Lynne Truss' book, has come out, describing the interesting aspects of the Swedish pronunciation.


Made of Bricks

Made of Bricks is the first album by the British singer-songwriter, Kate Nash. It was released on 6 August 2007 on Fiction Records. It reached number one in the UK album charts.

The album was released five weeks earlier than first planned due to the popularity of the single "Foundations". In its opening week of sales the album sold over 56,000 copies, and was certified gold.
The album has now been certified Platinum in the UK for sales of over 300,000. It has sold over 450,000 copies worldwide.



Matinée (album)

Matinée is the first album from British singer-'songwriter Jack Peñate. It was released on October 8, 2007 on XL Recordings.


Radio 1's Live Lounge

Radio 1's Live Lounge is an album of live tracks played on Jo Whiley's Radio 1 show. It contains both covers and the bands' own songs.




Sula Sgeir

Sula Sgeir is a small, uninhabited Scottish island in the North Atlantic. One of the most remote of the British Isles. The island is inhospitable to humans. There is a ruined stone house called Taigh Beannaichte (Blessed House) on the east headland Sgeir an Teampall, the island is formed by pieces of rocks, where are often hard to walk on. Sula Sgeir is a National Nature Reserve since 1956. It is an important place for birds.

The most famous part of island are the caves, which can be explored.

There are 5,000 breeding pairs of gannets on Sula Sgeir, which they share with other bird species such as Black-legged Kittiwakes, guillemots, puffins and fulmars.

Antiderivative

Antidifferentiation (also called indefinite integration) is the process of finding a certain function in calculus. It is the opposite of differentiation. It is a way of processing a function to give another function (or class of functions) called an antiderivative. Antidifferentiation is like integration—but without limits. This is why it is called indefinite integration. When represented as single letters, antiderivatives often take the form of capital roman letters such as formula_1 and formula_2.

In general, an antiderivative is written in the form formula_3, where:


A function of the form formula_8 can be integrated (antidifferentiated) as follows:


This can be shown as:

formula_15 (also known as the power rule of integral)

When there are many terms, we can integrate the entire function by integrating its components one by one:

formula_16

Changing fractions and roots into powers makes it easier:

To integrate a bracket like formula_22, a different method is needed. It is called the chain rule. It is like simple integration, but it only works if the formula_5 in the bracket is linear (has a power of 1), such as formula_5 or formula_25—but "not" formula_26 or formula_27.

For example, formula_28 can be determined in the following steps:


formula_36

formula_37


Baucau

Baucau is a city in East Timor (Timor Leste). It is east of the capital, Dili. About 16,000 people live there. That makes it the second biggest town in East Timor. It is served by the Cakung Airport. The town was first started by Portugal as a trading center.

1 BC

Year 1 was a leap year starting on Thursday of the Julian calendar. Some sources list it as a common year starting on either Friday or Saturday. At the time, it was known as the Year of the Consulship of Lentulus and Piso.




Data Protection Act 2018

The Data Protection Act 2018 (c 29) is a law passed by the British government in 2018, and replaces the one passed in 1998. 

It sets out rules for people who use or store data about living people and gives rights to those people whose data has been collected. The law applies to data held on computers or any sort of storage system, even paper records. 

The law covers personal data which are facts like your address, telephone number, e-mail address, job history etc. 

People who use the information are called "data controllers". People who the data is about are called "data subjects".

This is a brief simplified summary of the main principles of the UK Data Protection Act.

This applies to information kept on staff, customers and account holders, for example;



Nontrinitarianism

Nontrinitarism is a movement that rejects the idea of the Christian Trinity. That idea says that God is three different persons in one being. 

There are several movements which can be classified as Nontrinitarian. At the First Council of Nicaea, in the year 325, people met and defined the idea of trinity. Some movements started before the council. Nontrinitarianism was later renewed in the Gnosticism of the Cathars in the 11th through 13th centuries, in the Age of Enlightenment of the 18th century, and in Restorationism during the 19th century.

Modern-day versions are usually called Unitarianism. 

Daegu

Daegu (대구, also spelled Taegu, officially called Daegu Metropolitan City) is a city in South Korea. It is between Seoul and Busan, but is closer to Busan. Daegu is the fourth largest city in South Korea. About 2.4 million people live in Daegu. Of South Korea's 16 cities and provinces, Daegu is the poorest in terms of GDP per capita 2010 at $18,887 according to the IMF. However, Suseong district , is one of the wealthiest districts in the nation. It is also renowned for ultracompetitive and mostly gender-segregated public high schools, following closely the School District Eight in Gangnam and with their performance. Therefore, the wealth disparity within the city is wider than many other cities in Korea. For example, even though Daegu has the lowest GDP per capita, Daegu has the third largest percentage of residents who has the net asset higher than 1 Billion KRW, following Seoul and Busan and followed by Gyeonggi Province. Suseong district topped all other districts in metropolitan areas, minus Seoul.

Daegu residents are also regarded by all other South Koreans as the widely ultraconservative.

In 1995, 101 people were killed by gas explosions. In 2003, 192 people were killed in a subway fire.

Daegu has a humid subtropical climate ("Cwb" in the Koeppen climate classification). Summer is hot, with very high rainfall. Daegu is one of the hottest cities in Korea. Winters are dry and cool.

Palgong Mountain is north of Daegu. It is famous for Donghwa Temple and Gatbawi. Gatbawi is a statue of Buddha. 
Apsan(Ap Mountain), also called Daedeok Mountain has many well known restaurants. It is a good place to hike. Many hikers visit the Apsan Mountain. The downtown area of Daegu is Dongseongro. There is a festival every year in June. It also is the shopping center of Daegu. Woobang Tower Land is an amusement park with many rides and roller coasters. Daegu is also famous for having Daegu Stadium where the World Cup tournament was held in 2002.

Daegu was the known for apples in Korea before 1990. Daegu has a herbal medicine market located in a street 1 kilometre long. The textile (cloth) industry was the primary industry from the 1960s but has seen drastic decline to the present day.. People in Daegu enjoy food. One example is ddeokbokki. Ddeokboki is a Korean rice cake with spicy red pepper sauce and vegetables. Foods in Daegu are usually more spicy and salty than in other cities.

Daegu is widely regard by majority of Koreans and its own residents as the most conservative in its approach to values and life. A fact that is widely broad up and which all of Daegu people are proud of. Every district within the city shares a similar theme in its collection of business- Phone Retails Shops, Ghim-bab cheap food shops, plant shops, Paris Bagguette or Tour Les Jours chain bakeries, Karaoke dens which sometimes double as "good-time" business clubs, family owned and operated pharmacies, Korean Barbecue eateries.

Non-Korean citizens do not open businesses of any size within the city because city legislation dictates that two or more Koreans are required be partnered to the businesses. The effect is every functioning business is owned and envisioned solely by a South Korean national.

Unlike more famous cities such as Seoul or Busan, there is a single, homogeneous dominant culture in Daegu - Right-wing orthodox South Korean ultra-conservatives.

Foreign nationals form only three classes of long-term residents:
In descending numbers: 
(1) US Army personnel and their families garrisoned within three giant military bases located in Daegu.
(2) Immigrant workers typically from Uzbekistan and Philippines hired to labour cheaply in Seo-Gu factories (all of West Daegu).
(3) Foreign English teachers from the USA or UK clustering together. The white-skinned is held by local Daegu beliefs in improved teaching quality derived, and also a point of bragging to others - a popular Daegu boast, "My son has a white-skinned English teacher.".

Short-term residents:
(1) Japanese & Chinese National exchange or language students (closest neighbours) who will find the racial climate: emotional & touchy. Japanese: averages 3 to 4 months before permanent departure. Chinese: 7–9 months before permanent departure, or VISA expiration and deportation.
(2) Adventurous backpackers passing through for two days as they tour the Korean Peninsula.

Interstate 10

Interstate 10 (or I-10) is a long Interstate Highway which the west side ends at Santa Monica, California (near Los Angeles), and the other side ends at Jacksonville, Florida. In Texas, it is one of the routes which the speed limit is per hour. The route is long and travels through 8 states. It is the fourth longest Interstate Highway in the United States after I-90, I-80, and I-40.


Ranked list of Dominican provinces

These are ranked lists of the Provinces of Dominican Republic. Population figures areas are taken from the report on the 2010 census.

The percentages (%) mean how much of the country the province has (population and area).

Miranda Cosgrove

Miranda Taylor Cosgrove (born May 14, 1993) is an American actress and recording artist. She was born in Los Angeles, California. She first started her career in 1998 in various commercials. She is best known for her roles as Megan Parker in "Drake and Josh", Summer Hathaway in "School of Rock" and her lead role as Carly Shay in Nickelodeon's "iCarly". She has also guest-starred in shows like "Zoey 101". She also had her debut soundtrack album called "Sparks Fly" in April 2010 and "High Maintenance" in March 2011. She is also best known for voicing Margo in the Despicable Me films.

Old Believers

In the Russian Orthodox church history, the Old Believers (, read "starovery" or "staroobryadtsy") became separated after 1666-1667. They split from the hierarchy of the Russian Orthodox Church as a protest against church reforms introduced by Patriarch Nikon. Old Believers continue liturgical practices which the Russian Orthodox Church followed before the reform. 
Russian-speakers refer to the schism itself as "raskol" (раскол). This word comes from a Russian word "расколоться", that means "to cleave apart").

Patriarch Nikon (1605-1681; 1651-1658 as patriarch) wanted to bring the Russian Orthodox Church and the Greek Orthodox Church closer together. For this reason, he changed a few rituals and texts in 1651. These changes were made to the Russian rituals to be closer to the Greek ones of Nikon's time. According to the Old Believers, Nikon did this without the support of the clergy. and without a council. When the changes were done, people who still practised the old rites were persecuted. 

81 (number)

Eighty-one is a number. It comes between eighty and eighty-two, and is an odd number. It is also a square number.

Province of Florence

The Province of Florence (in Italian: "Provincia di Firenze") was a province in the Tuscany region of Italy. The province has an area of 3,514 sq. km and a population of 933,860 (2001) in 44 "comuni".

Much of the province is in the plain of the Arno river that became an urban centre around the city of Florence.

The city (in Italian "comune") of Florence is the capital of both the province and the region of Tuscany.


In Florence:

In Empoli:

In Castelfiorentino:

In Fucecchio:

In Bagno a Ripoli:



Province of Arezzo

Province of Arezzo (Italian: Provincia di Arezzo) is the eastern most province in the Tuscany region of Italy. The capital of province of Arezzo is the city of Arezzo.

The province has an area of 3,232 km², and a total population of 323,288 (2001) in 39 "comuni" (singular: "comune").


Province of Grosseto

Province of Grosseto (Italian: "Provincia di Grosseto") is a province in the Tuscany region of Italy. The capital of the province is the city of Grosseto. In the province, there is The Natural Park of Maremma. It is in the famous area of Maremma.

The province has an area of 4,504 km² and a total population of 211,086 (2001). There are 28 "comuni" (singular: "comune") in the province

As of June 2005, the main comuni by population are:


Old Catholic Church

The Old Catholic Church is a name for a group of Christian churches. Most of them are from German-speaking countries. Their beliefs are close to that of the Anglican Church.

They split from the Roman Catholic Church in the 1870s. This was because the First Vatican Council had said the pope was infallible. The Council was from 1869 to 1870. The word Old Catholic was first used in 1853 for the See of Utrecht (who was not under the authority of the pope). Usually, these churches are part of the Union of Utrecht.

Province of Livorno

The Province of Livorno (Italian: "Provincia di Livorno") is a province in the Tuscany region of Italy. The capital of the province is the city of Livorno.

The province has an area of 1,218 km², and a total population of 326,444 (2001). There are 21 "comuni" (singular: "comune") in the province.


Province of Lucca

Province of Lucca () is a province in the Tuscany region of Italy. The capital of the province is the city of Lucca.

The province has an area of 1,773 km², and a total population of 372,244 (2001). There are 35 "comuni" (singular: "comune") in the province.


Province of Massa-Carrara

The province has an area of 1,157 km² and a total population of 200,695 (2005). There are 17 "comuni" (singular: "comune") in the province. The main "comuni" by population are:

The economy of the province is based on the production of the famous white Carrara marble.



Province of Pisa

The Province of Pisa () is a province in the Tuscany region of Italy. The capital of the province is the city of Pisa.

The province has an area of . In 2005, 394,101 people lived there. There are 39 "comuni" in the province.

Pisa is well known for the famous Leaning Tower of Pisa,which is in the city.


Wave–particle duality

Wave–particle duality is a concept in physics. It's the idea that there are things that are both waves and particles.

Physicists who studied light in the 1700s and 1800s had an argument about whether light was made of particles or waves. Light seems to act like both. At times, light seems to go only in a straight line, as if it were made of particles. But other experiments show that light has a frequency and wavelength, just like a sound wave or water wave. Until the 20th century, most physicists thought that light was either one or the other, and that the scientists on the other side of the argument were simply wrong.

Max Planck, Albert Einstein, Louis de Broglie, Arthur Compton, and Niels Bohr worked on this problem. Current scientific theory is that all particles act both like waves and like particles. This has been verified for elementary particles, and for compound particles like atoms and molecules. For macroscopic particles, because of their extremely short wavelengths, wave properties usually cannot be detected.

In 1909, a scientist named Geoffrey Taylor decided that he was going to settle this argument once and for all. He borrowed an experiment invented earlier by Thomas Young, where light was shone through two small holes right next to each other. When bright light was shone through these two small holes, it created an "interference pattern" that seemed to show that light was actually a wave.

Taylor's idea was to take a photo of the light coming out of the holes with a special camera that was unusually sensitive to light. When bright light was shone through the holes, the photo showed an interference pattern, just like Young showed earlier. Taylor then turned down the light to a very dim level. When the light was dim enough, Taylor's photos showed tiny pinpoints of light scattering out of the holes. This seemed to show that light was actually a particle. If Taylor allowed the dim light to shine through the holes for long enough, the dots eventually filled up the photo to make an interference pattern again. This demonstrated that light was somehow "both" a wave "and" a particle.

Louis de Broglie suggested that matter might act the same way. Scientists then performed these same experiments with electrons, and found that electrons too are somehow both particles and waves. Electrons can be used to do Young's double-slit experiment.

Today, these experiments have been done in so many different ways by so many different people that scientists simply accept that both matter and light are somehow both waves and particles. Scientists are still unsure about how this can be, but they are quite certain it must be true. Although it seems impossible to understand how anything can be both a wave and a particle, scientists do have a number of equations for describing these things that have variables for both wavelength (a wave property) and momentum (a particle property). This seeming impossibility is referred to as the wave–particle duality.

Wave–particle duality means that all particles show both wave and particle properties. This is a central concept of quantum mechanics. Classical concepts like "particle" and "wave" do not fully describe the behavior of quantum-scale objects.

An electron has a wavelength called the "de Broglie wavelength". It can be calculated using the equation

formula_1

formula_2 is the de Broglie wavelength.

formula_3 is Planck's constant

formula_4 is the momentum of the particle.

This made the idea that electrons in atoms show a standing wave pattern.

The photoelectric effect shows that a light photon which has enough energy (a high enough frequency), can cause an electron to be released off a metal's surface. Electrons in this case can be called photoelectrons.


Province of Pistoia

The Province of Pistoia () is a province in the Tuscany region of Italy.

The capital of the province is the city of Pistoia. The province has an area of 965 km² and a total population of 268,503 (2001). There are 22 "communes" in the province.


Province of Prato

The Province of Prato () is a province in the Tuscany region of Italy. The capital of the province is the city of Prato. It was formed from part of the province of Florence in 1992.

The province has an area of 365 km² and a total population of 227,886 (2001). There are 7 comune (municipalities) in the province.



War of the Pacific

The War of the Pacific (or Saltpeter War) took place from 1879-1883. It grew out of a dispute between Bolivia and Peru against Chile over control of a part of the Pacific coast. The disputed area was part of the Atacama Desert that lies between the 23rd and 26th parallels. The territory contained valuable mineral resources, mainly potassium nitrate, which were exploited by Chilean companies and British interests. The Bolivian government decided to increase taxes to take advantage of the increasing income of the region, which led to a commercial dispute.

The early part of the war was mostly at sea, and the late part mostly on land. Chile won, and Bolivia lost its access to the ocean and became landlocked.

Province of Siena

The Province of Siena () is a province in the Tuscany region of Italy. The capital of the province is the city of Siena.

The province has an area of 3,821 km² (1475 mile²) and a total population of 252,288 (2001). There are 36 "comuni" (singular: "comune") in the province. At June 30, 2005, the main "comuni" by population are:
The province is divided into seven historical areas:


Johannes Ockeghem

Johannes Ockeghem (born Saint-Ghislain, near Mons, Belgium about 1410; died Tours, France, 6 February 1497), was the most famous composer of the Franco-Flemish School (from around the area which is now Belgium) in the last half of the 15th century, and is often thought of as the most important composer between Dufay and Josquin des Prez. He was an excellent choirmaster and teacher. He spent most of his life working for the French royal court.

The name Ockeghem is found with many different spellings in old documents. He was almost certainly born in the town of Saint-Ghislain. His native language was probably French.

Like many composers in this period, he started to learn about music by singing in a church choir, quite possibly in Saint-Ghislain and then in Mons. 

His first important job was working for Charles I, Duke of Bourbon in Moulins, (France). Then in 1451 he went to work for King Charles VII of France. By this time he was well known as a singer and composer. He worked for the royal court for more than 50 years and was rewarded with promotions and honours. Charles VII gave him important jobs. After Charles VII’s death Louis XI became king. He reigned for a long time and Ockeghem was in favour with the king. He often travelled with the king, visiting places such as Cambrai and even as far as Spain. He met famous people including the composers Dufay and Binchois. He also had other jobs in Paris.

Louis XI died in 1483. We do not kinow much about where Ockeghem went after that, but he probably died in Tours because that is where he left his will.

Ockeghem was not a composer who wrote lots of music, but it is hard to tell as some of it might have got lost. There are 14 masses that survive and other vocal works. His "Missa pro Defunctis" is the earliest surviving polyphonic Requiem. Ockeghem based many of his masses on well-known tunes in a way that is called “cantus firmus technique”. Sometimes he put the borrowed tunes in the lowest part (he sang bass himself). This was rather unusual.

Ockeghem’s music influenced Josquin des Prez and other composers from Flanders and the Netherlands. 

When Ockeghem died Josquin Des Prez composed a motet called "La déploration de la mort de Johannes Ockeghem" in his honour. The music theorist Johannes Tinctoris described him as a great musician and one of the best singers he knew. Many younger composers used some of Ockeghem’s melodies as a base for their own compositions. In the Renaissance this kind of borrowing from the music ofc another composer was thought to be a great honour.


Group 16 element

Group 16 is the third last group in the periodic table. This group is called the oxygen family or the chalcogens. The elements in this group are oxygen, sulfur, selenium, tellurium, polonium and livermorium. The first two elements are nonmetals, elements are in between are metalloids and the last two are metals Polonium and livermorium are radioactive. Oxygen (as O) is a colorless gas. 

Magadino

Magadino was a municipality of the district Locarno in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland. On 25 April 2010, the former municipalities of Caviano, Contone, Gerra Gambarogno, Indemini, Magadino, Piazzogna, San Nazzaro, Sant'Abbondio and Vira Gambarogno merged to form the new municipality of Gambarogno.

Maggia

Maggia could mean:


Maggia (municipality)

Maggia is a municipality of the district Vallemaggia in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
The actual municipality was created in 2004 on April 27 by merger of the former municipalities of Aurigeno, Coglio, Giumaglio, Lodano, Maggia, Moghegno and Someo.


Historikerstreit

The Historikerstreit (Historians' dispute) was an intellectual and political controversy in West Germany about the way the Holocaust should be interpreted in history. It took place between 1986-1989, and pitted left-wing intellectuals against right-wing intellectuals. Its embers flared up again briefly in 2000 when one of the leading figures, Ernst Nolte, was awarded a literary prize. "Die Vergangenheit, die nicht vergehen will" proposed by Ernst Nolte, had to be rejected as inadequate due to their lack of sufficient empirical substance.


Jury

A jury is a group of ordinary people, who aren't employees of the court, who decide the answer to a question in a court room. Usually, this question is whether a person is guilty or innocent of committing a crime. A jury may also be responsible for deciding a penalty for the person if they are found guilty. Normally, all members of the jury have to agree on the decision. Sometimes, the jury can still make a decision even if a few members don't agree with it. However, if the jury is quite clearly divided, the result is known as a "hung jury" and the case is not decided. A member of a jury is called a juror. A juror is supposed to be impartial. This means that he or she is to be fair and listen to both sides of the story without deciding what side they will take ahead of time. Some people can not become members of a jury and others have the right to ask not to be made a member. People who can not be members are those which have a mental illness and people who can ask not to be made a juror include doctors and religious persons.

Under the common law juries have a right that is not often used. If they think that the law under which a person is charged is wrong they can use jury nullification to set the person free. Whilst this is a right juries have it is unlawful for a lawyer to explain this to a jury, they must know about it on their own.

In the United States there are primarily two types of juries which are the finder of facts in a trial:

A jury in the United Kingdom is made up of 12 people for criminal cases and 10 people for civil cases (or 15 people in Scotland) these people are selected at random and are British citizens with no criminal record. Members are chosen from the electoral register for their local area and those chosen must attend jury duty.

In the United States, juries are made up of 12 regular people from the area in which the trial is held and are not members of the court system. They are paid a small amount for their service.

Pocahontas

Pocahontas (born around 1595buried on 21 March 1617) was a Native American. She maintained relations between the Indians of Virginia and the colonists who built a fort and settlement on the James River called Jamestown in 1607. Legend says she saved John Smith's life when her father, Powhatan, was about to kill him.

During a war with the Indians, she was captured and held for ransom. She was baptized Rebecca and improved her English language skills during captivity. In 1614 she married tobacco planter John Rolfe. They had a son Thomas. In 1616 the family went to London where Pocahontas became a celebrity. She died at Gravesend and was buried in England on 21 March 1617.

The year of Pocahontas's birth is unknown, but Camilla Townsend, author of "Pocahontas and the Powhatan Dilemma", suggests that she was born about 1597. Her father was Powhatan, the chief of an alliance of tribes in Virginia. Her mother was a woman of no social importance. Pocahontas was named Amonute. By the age of ten, the child was nicknamed Pocahontas, which means "playful one". She had a name known only to her parents. It may have been Makoata.

Her childhood was much like the childhood of others in the alliance. She took care of siblings, she cooked, she tanned hides, she searched for berries and other edible foods, she tended the corn, beans, and squashes in the gardens of her people. In the evenings, she listened to songs and stories about the gods and her people's past. She wove cords from fibers while sitting at the fireside with girls.

Pocahontas was about ten years old when, in April 1607, colonist Captain John Smith arrived in Virginia. He and his men built a settlement called Jamestown. In December 1607, Smith was captured by an Indian party. He was taken to Powhatan's village. He enjoyed a feast and a talk with Powhatan. He did not meet Pocahontas.

Pocahontas made friends with Smith and the colonists. She often went to the settlement. When the colonists were starving, Pocahontas supplied them with food. As the settlement grew, the Indians felt their lands were threatened. Conflicts arose. In late 1609, Smith returned to England. The settlers told the Indians that Smith was dead. Pocahontas stopped visiting Jamestown. She later learned that he was alive in England.

The story of Pocahontas saving Smith's life by placing her head upon his own as her father was about to kill him is a fiction created by Smith in 1616. He wrote "... at the minute of my execution, she [Pocahontas] hazarded the beating out of her own brains to save mine; and not only that, but so prevailed with her father, that I was conducted to Jamestown." A romance between Pocahontas and Smith is also a fiction created by mythmakers in the early 19th century.

As Jamestown expanded and settlements were built along the James, conflicts between the Indians and the English arose. In April 1613, Captain Samuel Argall learned Pocahontas was visiting a village on the Potomac River. He lured her aboard his ship and made her captive. Argall demanded the release of Powhatan's prisoners and the return of weapons and tools.

Powhatan took no action. Pocahontas's captivity lasted about a year. She improved her English skills during this time. She embraced Christianity and the way of life. When her father released his prisoners and returned some tools, Pocahontas rebuked him for valuing axes and firearms more than his daughter. She told her people that she would rather remain with the English.

Helen Rountree writes that Pocahontas began menstruating sometime in 1610. She then married a warrior and commoner named Kocoum. It is unknown where the couple lived or if they had children. This marriage ended by custom when she was captured by the English in 1613.

Pocahontas met 28 year old colonist John Rolfe during her captivity in Henricus. Rolfe was a widower and a successful tobacco planter. He was a gentle and pious man. He wrote a letter to the governor asking permission to marry Pocahontas. He expressed both his love for her and his belief that he would be saving her soul. He assured the governor that he was "motivated not by the desire of affection (attraction), but for the good of this plantation, for the honor of our country, for the Glory of God, for my salvation."

In early April 1614, Pocahontas declared herself a Christian. She was baptized. Her name would be Rebecca. Pocahontas and Rolfe were married on 5 April 1614 at either the church in Jamestown or in Henricus. The couple lived at Rolfe's plantation on Hog Island. This plantation was located across the James River from Jamestown. They had one child, Thomas Rolfe. His birthdate and birthplace are not known. He could have been born in either America or England. The marriage created peace between the colonists and Powhatan's confederacy of tribes for years.

The English wanted to promote investment in the colony. Pocahontas was taken to England in 1616 with a few Indians. She served as a symbol of the tamed New World "savage", and the success of the settlement. John Smith did not meet Pocahontas in London, but he urged Queen Anne to treat her with the respect due a visitor. He suggested that if she were mistreated, she might spurn Christianity. In addition, England might lose the chance to gain a kingdom through her means. Pocahontas was then treated to events, balls and entertainments, and the company of well ladies.

The Bishop of London entertained her with pomp beyond what he offered to other ladies. Although Pocahontas was not a princess, she was presented as a princess to the public. Many English at this time recognized Powhatan to be the ruler of an empire, and they accorded to his daughter what they considered status. The cleric Samuel Purchas recalled meeting Pocahontas in London. He wrote that she impressed those she met by her bearing.

In March 1617, the Rolfes boarded a ship bound for Virginia. Pocahontas became ill. As the ship approached Gravesend, it was obvious she was dying. She was taken to an inn on shore and died on 21 March 1617. Her funeral was held the same day at St. George's Church, Gravesend. Rolfe then set sail for Virginia. His two year old son Thomas was ill. Rolfe thought the boy would not survive a voyage. He left the boy in the care of Sir Lewis Stukely, an official at Plymouth, England. Thomas was picked up by Rolfe's brother Henry. The boy never saw his father again. Pocahontas was buried under the chancel of St. George's Church. In 1727, the church burned. The bones of Pocahontas were reburied in a grave in the churchyard. In the 1920s, attempts to identify Pocahontas's bones were unsuccessful.




Develier

Develier is a municipality of the district of Delémont in the canton of Jura in Switzerland.


Ederswiler

Ederswiler is a municipality of the district of Delémont in the canton of Jura in Switzerland. It is the only German-speaking municipality in the canton, where all others are French-speaking.

Glovelier

Glovelier was a municipality of the district of Delémont in the canton of Jura in Switzerland. On 1 January 2013, the former municipalities of Glovelier, Bassecourt, Courfaivre, Soulce and Undervelier merged into the new municipality of Haute-Sorne.

Mervelier

Mervelier is a municipality of the district of Delémont in the canton of Jura in Switzerland.

Korean

Korean can mean:


Prana

Prana is the vital air or breath of the human body in Hinduism. It is also the vital, life-sustaining force of both the individual body and the universe. Its was first written about in the Upanishads. Prana is in all living forms, but is not itself the soul.

The word prana means "breath" in Sanskrit.

In yoga, prana is divided into different type. There are said to be five pranas or vital currents. They are called prana, apana, vyana, udana and samana.

Sanga Monastery

The Sanga Monastery is a small Buddhist monastery near Lhasa, Tibet. Sanga Monastery was built in the ruins of the castle (or fort) Taktse (also Dagtse) Dzong (formerly Dechen Dzong) on the top of a hill. Dagtse Dzong overlooks the roads to Yerpa and Ganden Monastery to the east.

Sanga Monastery together with Ganden Monastery belong to the Geluk (Gelug-pa) order (also known as Yellow Hat Sect, lit. 'Virtuous'). The Yellow Hat Sect was started by Tsongkhapa (Tsong Khapa or Lobsang Drakpa), also known as Jé Rinpoché, 1357–1419. He was known as a writer and teacher.

Satguru

In some eastern religions, a Satguru (or Sadguru) is a person who is considered to have achieved enlightenment, and who can help others to achieve the same. The word means "true teacher" in Sanskrit (), "sat" meaning "true" and a guru meaning "teacher". The title means that his students have faith that the guru can be trusted and will lead them to moksha, nirvana or inner peace. It is based on a long line of Hindu understandings about the importance of the guru.

In the "Guru Gita", Shiva says to Parvati:


The Kularnava Tantra (XIV/65) states,
"It is very rare to find a Satguru who can give "Shaktipat" and rare to find a disciple worthy of receiving it. One gets such a Guru only as a result of past meritorious actions."

In the Upanishads, five signs of satguru (true guru) are mentioned.

In the presence of the satguru; Knowledge flourishes ("Gyana raksha"); Sorrow diminishes ("Dukha kshaya"); Joy wells up without any reason ("Sukha aavirbhava"); Abundance dawns ("Samriddhi"); All talents manifest ("Sarva samvardhan").

According to Satguru Sivaya Subramuniyaswami, a Hindu Satguru is always a "sannyasin", an unmarried renunciate.


Physicist

A physicist is a scientist who studies physics.

Here are some famous physicists:


Western Roman Empire

The Western Roman Empire was the western half of the Roman Empire, which was divided by Diocletian in 286 AD. The other half of the Roman Empire became known as the Eastern Roman Empire.

The Roman Empire had been in difficulties since 190 AD, when large Gothic tribes began moving into areas under Roman control. The Empire had weak leadership, which caused instability. Various power groups in the Roman armies kept trying to install their own emperors and killed those who belonged to other groups. That helped the invasions by the Germanic tribes.

Ending Rome's crisis of the Third Century, Diocletian tried to bring back stable government by dividing the empire into sections. The Western Empire included Iberia, France, southern Britain, Italy, North Africa and parts of Germany. The Eastern Empire included the Balkans, Turkey, the Levant and Egypt.

Rome ceased to be the capital from the time of the division. In 286, the capital of the Western Roman Empire became Mediolanum (now Milan). In 402, the capital was again moved, this time to Ravenna.
The division did not help the Western Empire, which came under increasing invasions from the north: the Ostrogoths, Huns, Franks, Visigoths and Burgundians. Its armies were brought back towards Rome and abandoned Britain and France. The Empire's economy could not cope since the increased need for military spending caused inflation. Citizens were unhappy with the rising taxes and rising prices.

In AD 398, Alaric led the Visigoths and began making attacks closer and closer to the capital. By 410, he had sacked Rome. In 455, the Vandals captured the city. In 476, the Goths captured the city.

The fall of the Western Roman Empire took place in 476 AD, when the leader of the Goths, Odoacer, removed Emperor Romulus Augustus. Odoacer became King of Italy, and the Western Roman Empire ended. By then, however, the empire had existed in name only, and the Emperor no longer had military, financial or political power.



Ravenna

Ravenna is a city and "comune" in the Emilia-Romagna region of Italy. The city is inland, but is connected to the Adriatic Sea by a canal. Ravenna once was the seat of the Western Roman Empire and later the Ostrogothic kingdom. It is presently the capital of the province of Ravenna. At 652.89 km² (252.08 sq mi), Ravenna is the second-largest "comune" in land area in Italy, although it is only a little more than half the size of the largest, Rome.


Ravenna (disambiguation)

Ravenna is name of

Ravenna is the name of several places in the world:






Social democracy

Social democracy is a political ideology within socialism . The ideology is named from democracy where people have a say in government actions and it works to reform capitalist economy while also helping people in need by providing healthcare, education and social welfare. This makes it easier for people to support themselves in society by having more protection if they are unemployed or fall into poverty. As a ideology within socialism, it places an emphasis on equal rights for everyone, and there is plenty of government ownership or regulation of various industries to protect the public interest. The ideology's movement has seen some interest in other countries whose economic systems do not work this way, because it has worked well for those who have it. 

Social democracy is supportive of Keynesian economics, where the government should step in and help people in need or without jobs. Social democracy strives to achieve a balance between capitalism and socialism or a balance between the public sector and private sector in the economy.

Some would argue that neither were capitalist systems empty of help for the poor and the needy. An example is England, where relief for the poor was available in every parish in the land, long before there were any government social services. The practice was known as charity. Also, Britain saw the growth of an important middle class after industrialisation took hold. So it is not completely right to think of such societies as simply composed of owners and workers, or rich and poor.

Social democrats are divided in how they see their theory and it has been a subject of much debate around the world. Terms like "market socialism" and "the third way" are efforts to rethink what social democracy means today.


UEFA Europa League

The UEFA Europa League is a football tournament for teams that did not make the UEFA Champions League. They qualify by being not the best in the country and not making the best competition. For example in England, teams that finish after the first four teams can go to the Europa League. There is another option, which if you finish 3rd in the UEFA Champions League Group Stage, you will qualify for the last 32 in the Europa League, and the 3rd option is when a club which being eliminated from the UEFA Champions League 3rd round (Into the UEFA Europa League Playoff Round). In 2009, it was rebranded as the UEFA Europa League. It was previously known as the UEFA Cup. The winner of the UEFA Europa League plays the winner of the UEFA Champions League in the UEFA Super Cup.

Charlottenburg

Charlottenburg was an independent city to the west of Berlin until 1920. Then it was made part of Groß-Berlin (Greater Berlin) and turned into a borough.

As a part of the changes to the boroughs of Berlin in 2001 Charlottenburg was joined with Wilmersdorf to make the new borough of Charlottenburg-Wilmersdorf. In 2004, the new borough's districts were rearranged. The former borough of Charlottenburg was divided into the localities of Westend, Charlottenburg-Nord and Charlottenburg. In addition to that, Charlottenburg features a number of popular kiezes.

Charlottenburg is best known for Charlottenburg Palace, the largest surviving royal palace in Berlin.

Charlottenburg celebrated its 300th anniversary in 2005.

Charlottenburg is located along the river Spree within the Berlin-Warsaw glacial valley, west of the Tiergarten park. The "Straße des 17. Juni" (17th June Street), former "Charlottenburger Chaussee", which runs through the park, connects it with the historic centre of Berlin.

In 1695, Sophia Charlotte of Hanover got the district of Lietzow from her husband Elector Frederick III, in exchange for her estates in Caputh and Langerwisch, near Potsdam.

Frederick had a summer residence built for his wife by the architect Johann Arnold Nering between 1695 and 1699. In 1701, Frederick became the first Prussian King (Frederick I of Prussia), and he made the building much bigger

Just after the death of Sophie Charlotte, the village near the palace was called 'Charlottenburg' and the palace itself "Schloss Charlottenburg", and the settlement was chartered as a town. The king was the town's mayor until Lietzow was incorporated into Charlottenburg in 1720.

Frederick's successor, Frederick William I of Prussia, rarely stayed at the palace. Frederick William even tried to end the town's privileges. It was not until 1740, at the coronation of his successor Frederick II (Frederick the Great), that the town's became important again. The eastern New Wing was built by Georg Wenzeslaus von Knobelsdorff between 1740 and 1747 as Frederick the Great's home. Later, Frederick II preferred the palace of Sanssouci, which he had partly designed himself.

When Frederick II died in 1786, his nephew Frederick William II succeeded him, and Charlottenburg became his favourite residence, as it was for his son and successor Frederick William III.

After the defeat of the Prussian army at Jena in 1806, Charlottenburg was occupied by the French. Napoleon occupied the palace, while his troops camped nearby.

In the late 18th century, Charlottenburg's development did not depend only on the crown. The town became a recreational area for the expanding city of Berlin. Its first real inn opened in the 1770s, in the street then called 'Berliner Straße' (now Otto-Suhr-Allee), and many other inns and beer gardens were to follow, popular for weekend parties especially.

Beside the palace, Charlottenburg is also home to the Kaiser Wilhelm Memorial Church on the Breitscheidplatz, the fomer West Berlin landmark, the Kurfürstendamm and the Zoo railway station as well as the Deutsche Oper Berlin, one of the three Berlin opera houses.

Charlottenburg is twinned with

Magliaso

Magliaso is a municipality in the district Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.


Mairengo

Mairengo was a municipality of the district Leventina in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland. On 1 April 2012, the former municipalities of Anzonico, Calpiogna, Campello, Cavagnago, Chironico, Mairengo and Osco merged to form the municipality of Faido.

Malvaglia

Malvaglia was a municipality of the district Blenio in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland. On 1 April 2012, the former municipalities of Ludiano, Malvaglia and Semione merged to form the new municipality of Serravalle. The reservoir Bacino di Val Malvaglia is found above the village.

Manno

Manno is a municipality of the district Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.


Maroggia

Maroggia was a municipality in Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland. On 10 April 2022, the former municipalities of Maroggia, Melano and Rovio merged to form the new municipality of Val Mara.

Massagno

Massagno is a municipality of the district Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.


Medeglia

Medeglia was a municipality of the district Bellinzona in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland. On 21 November 2010, the former municipalities of Bironico, Camignolo, Medeglia, Rivera and Sigirino merged to form the new municipality of Monteceneri.

Melano

Melano was a municipality in Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland. On 10 April 2022, the former municipalities of Maroggia, Melano and Rovio merged to form the new municipality of Val Mara.


Melide, Switzerland

Melide is a municipality of the district Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.

Melide is known world-wide for the famous Swissminiatur, a museum that shows famous buildings in Switzerland presented in miniature form.


Wilmersdorf

Wilmersdorf was a village near Berlin. In 1920 Wilmersdorf became a borough of Greater Berlin Groß Berlin. In 2001 it became a part of the new borough of Charlottenburg-Wilmersdorf. The Kurfürstendamm runs through the area. The former borough of Wilmersdorf included the localities Halensee, Schmargendorf and Grunewald.


Able Label

The Able Label was an independent record label from Brisbane, Australia.

Grant McLennan & Robert Forster of The Go-Betweens 
released their first two singles "Lee Remick" & "People Say" on it in 1978 and 1979. Later, it allowed other "Brisbane" groups, The Numbers (later to become The Riptides), The Apartments and the Four Gods to make their own records using the Able Label logo. 



Goosebumps

Goosebumps is a collection of children's horror fiction books written by R. L. Stine.

The "Goosebumps" series sometimes contained too much violence, so some American libraries disagreed with having the books there; the novels were fifteenth on the American Library Association's list of most frequently challenged books from 1990 to 1999.

After the series, many different spinoffs were made, also written by Stine, including "Give Yourself Goosebumps" and "Goosebumps: Series 2000" which appeared in 1995 and 1998.

Two board games were created after the "Goosebumps" series, these were called "Terror in the Graveyard" and "Escape from Horrorland". a 1996 PC game was also produced, entitled "Goosebumps: Escape from Horrorland".

Front covers and most other Goosebumps-related art was done by artist Tim Jacobus, while the covers for the later "Give Yourself Goosebumps" series were digitally created by Craig White.

In 2015, a movie based on the book was released starring Jack Black as R. L. Stine.

Azuli Records

Azuli Records is an independent record label, focusing on house music and other forms of electronic dance music. The label was founded by DJ Dave Piccioni in London, England in the early 1990s.

Releases include the Late Night Tales / Another Late Night DJ mix albums, and the "Choice" series.



Carluke

The town of Carluke is in the centre of the Scottish countryside in South Lanarkshire, Scotland, 5.4 miles North-West of Lanark and 5 miles South-East of Wishaw. Many people in Carluke are commuters, with a variety of small stores and supermarkets available at the centre of the town.

Three people who were born in the town have received the Victoria Cross. The inventor of "Slush Puppies" previously stayed on a street in Carluke. The famous ex-Motherwell striker Dougie Arnott lives in Carluke.

Marvel Universe

The Marvel Universe (MU) is a comic book fictional universe created by Marvel Comics. The MU is where most of the main stories published by Marvel Comics takes place. The MU is actually just one of an infinite number of different dimensions. Each one can be called a Marvel universe, but the term is commonly used for just one. This one is also called Earth-616 when looking at all the universes as a group. The other universes vary from very similar to the Earth-616 universe to completely different. This lets the writers create stories which have a large effect to the universe they take place in without affected the main universe used by all of the writers as a group. 

Runaways (comics)

Runaways is a Marvel Comics comic book series created by Brian K. Vaughan and Adrian Alphona. The series is about a group of teenagers who try to make up for the evil done by their supervillain parents by becoming superheroes. They are commonly called "the Pride's kids" or "those kids in L.A." by other characters in the Marvel Universe. This is because the team does not have an official name and the most of Marvel's characters are in New York.

In 2006, the series won the Harvey Award for best continuing/limited series.

In February 2007, series creators Vaughan and Alphona stopped making "Runaways" at issue #24 of the second series. In April 2007, long-time "Runaways" fan Joss Whedon (of "Buffy the Vampire Slayer", "Angel" and "Firefly" fame) will take over the series for 6 issues. Marvel has said that Terry Moore, creator of "Strangers in Paradise" will take over after Whedon leaves, with Humberto Ramos on art.

"Runaways" was started in 2002 as part of Marvel Comics' "Tsunami" imprint. After Marvel cancelled the Tsunami imprint in January 2003, the series moved to the "Marvel Age" imprint. Because of this, the individual story arcs for "Runaways" are collected in small, manga-sized trade paperbacks. The hardcover collections are in normal sized books. In September 2004, the series ended at issue #18. Marvel started the series again in February 2005 and it has been published ever since.

The series is not usual in that it does not use the ideas of superhero names, uniforms, and team names. All the characters in the first series (except Alex) chose codenames, but they are used less and less throughout of vol. 1. In vol. 2, the codenames are mentioned once but never actually used. Molly is the only character who makes a costume but it is made from old bedsheets and clothes. She never wears the costume again after vol. 1 issue #8. During battle, the runaways mainly fight in their street clothes and call each other by their given names or nicknames. Also, the children never call themselves "The Runaways". Their team simply goes without a name. Other Marvel characters usually call the team "the Pride's kids" or "those kids in L.A." Vaughan even makes fun of common superhero sayings such as "Hulk smash!" or "Avengers assemble!" when Nico tells Victor that the team's rallying call is "Try not to die."




"Runaways" has been collected in the following digest-sized comic book collections trade paperbacks:

"Runaways" has also been collected in the following hardcovers:

Kreuzberg

Kreuzberg, south of Berlin-Mitte, was one of the best-known boroughs of Berlin, famous for its nightlife and its left-leaning electorate as well as its problems with crime the drug scene and a very high number of immigrants.

Kreuzberg consists of two different parts, the southeastern 'SO 36' (or simply '36') part and the southwest 'SW 61' (or simply '61'). Until the Berlin Wall fell, these were the last two numbers of the postal codes for the two areas.

It was a separate borough from 1920, when it became a part of Groß-Berlin, until the borughs were changed in 2001. Then it was joined with Friedrichshain to form the new borough of Friedrichshain-Kreuzberg. Since these two localities are linked only by a single bridge over the Spree river, the Oberbaumbrücke, this joining seemed awkward to many residents. The two areas could not agree on where the new borough's town hall should be. Friedrichshain was chosen by tossing a five-Mark coin.

Kreuzberg is known to many for numerous Turkish immigrants from eastern parts of Turkey, and the yearly May Day riots. This is because before the fall of the Berlin Wall in 1989, Kreuzberg was isolated. Its eastern parts were almost entirely surrounded by the Wall. This area consequently had cheap rents and lower-income families as well as squatters from the radical left. The western part of Kreuzberg also bordered onto the wall, and it was here where Checkpoint Charlie was.

Kreuzberg got its name is from its highest point, the Kreuzberg (literally, "cross hill"). It is of above sea level.. The hill was a traditional place for weekend trips, and had a lot of small restaurants for the visitors. The hill got its name from a monument built in 1821 by Karl Friedrich Schinkel. It was to remember the wars against Napoleon I of France.

After 1860 industry began moving into Kreuzburg. There was also an "Exportviertel" (export quarter) along Ritterstraße which had a lot of many profitable small businesses, and the "press quarter" along Kochstraße was the home of most of Germany's large newspapers as well as the Ullstein, Scherl, and Mosse book publishers.

Both of these industrial quarters were almost entirely destroyed during World War II, with the bombings of a single night from 3 February 1945. To remember old tradition, the Axel Springer press company built its new headquarters at Kochstraße again, right next to the Berlin Wall.

After World War II, Kreuzberg's housing rents were regulated by law, which made investments unattractive. As a result, housing was of low quality, but cheap, which made the borough a prime target for immigrants coming to Germany (and Berlin).


Civil War (comics)

Civil War was a large comic book story created by Marvel Comics. The story was the main focus of a seven issue series that started in May 2006 and ended in February 2007. It involved every major Marvel character and a large number of minor ones. Nearly every main Marvel title during this time dealt with this story. 

The story was about the United States dealing with an accident during a superhero battle that caused 613 deaths. To prevent this from happening again, the government created the Superhero Registration Act (SRA). This was a law that forced all people with superhuman powers to identify them self to the government. Many superheroes believed this was a good thing and that it would save lives. Others believed it was bad. They felt that if the government knew who they were, they would be in danger of others finding out. They believed that the SRA took away many of their freedoms. This caused the superheros to split into two groups. Those supporting the SRA were led by Iron Man. Those against it were led by Captain America.

Many people have compared the story of "Civil War" to that of the United States after 9/11 and the Patriot Act.

Brunstad Conference Center

Brunstad Conference Center (BCC) is a conference centre in Stokke, Vestfold in Norway. The centre is owned and managed by the Christian fellowship called "Den Kristelige menighet". They are often called "Smith's Friends". The Smith's friends bought the farm at Brunstad near Stokke in Melsomvik in 1956.

The center was used for their own conferences. In 2000 Smith's Friends, decided to let others use the building. The old meeting hall which seated 4,700 was replaced by a new meeting hall, with space for 6,800 people, and a tent camp with over 600 caravan spots was fixed and replaced with just as many cabins, which were rented by the members of the church.

Maintenance and development of Brunstad is still done by volunteers. During the building project and during arrangements, members are used as voluntary workers, or paid expenses. Money for the expansion project came for the most from the effort from the "A-lag" (A-team), where the church's youth from all over the world participate and do voluntarily work.

BCC is now a modern location for events and conferences. Brunstad has several restaurants, a cafeteria style restaurant, a large coffee bar, and a grocery store.

BCC got a lot of stories in the media in 2004 when BCC bought Østre Bolærne island from the Norwegian Military. After a lot of media attention, BCC agreed to cancel the sale, and the town of Vestfold Fylkeskommune became the new owner. Instead, BCC was able to buy property on Syningen in Hallingdal.

Every year one of the biggest shows at Brunstad Conference Center is the Arctic Equestrian Games, Norway's biggest horse show. It was first held in February, 2006.


Stig Claesson

John Stig Claesson (June 2, 1928 – January 4, 2008) was a Swedish writer and illustrator. He also was known by his signature Slas.

Claesson was born on June 2, 1928 in Huddinge, south of Stockholm. He went to the Royal Swedish Academy of Arts between 1947 and 1952, when he began to illustrate Swedish classical books such as those written by Per Anders Fogelström. 

Claesson was the father of actor Leif Claesson. Stig died on January 4, 2008 in Stockholm.


Dagens Nyheter

Dagens Nyheter (DN) is a daily newspaper in Sweden. Based in the town of Stockholm, it was started on 23 December 1864.


Chihuahua (state)

Chihuahua is a state in Mexico.


Emergency medical services in the United Kingdom

Emergency medical services in the United Kingdom are part of the National Health Service (NHS) systems. They are run by local ambulance services, known in England and Wales as "trusts". Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland have one ambulance service each; the Scottish Ambulance Service (a Special Health Board), the Welsh Ambulance Service, and the Northern Ireland Ambulance Service. England is divided into ten regional ambulance services.

NHS ambulance services must by law answer four types of requests for care, which are:

The ambulance services have getting more and more busy. There has been a big increase in the number calls in the last two decades, as shown in the table below:

The ambulance service's work has also been getting more complicated. In the past, the main job of an ambulance was to take people to hospital. This led to ambulance services being nicknamed the "Big White Taxi Service". Nowadays, ambulance staff do far more treatment with the patient. It is now common for patients to be left at home after being treated.

A similar service is NHS 111. This is a phone number for non-emergency medical advice. Many ambulance services employ the staff who answer 111 calls. In some cases, an ambulance may be sent to a 111 call if it is found to be more serious than expected.

Ambulance trusts may also carry out non-urgent patient transport services. This is done through a business agreement with local healthcare organisations. This service is free for patients to use. In some place private companies do this job instead, but it can be a big source of money for the trusts.

Before 1974 local councils would run the ambulance service. In 1974, they were merged into larger agencies that covered one or more counties. On 1 July 2006 the number of ambulance trusts fell from 29 to 13 and they were replaced by regional services.

Each of the 9 government regions of England are covered by a single NHS ambulance trust, with the exception of the South East region. This region is split between the South Central and South East Coast ambulance trusts, while the Isle of Wight has a special arrangement in which local hospitals provide the ambulance service.

The Scottish Ambulance Service is a Special Health Board funded directly by the Health Department of the Scottish Government. In 2006 the service answered over 520,000 emergency calls.

Scotland also has Britain's only government-funded Air Ambulance service. It has two Eurocopter EC 135 helicopters (based in Glasgow & Inverness) and two Beechcraft B200C King Air planes (based at Glasgow & Aberdeen).

The Northern Ireland Ambulance Service (NIAS) is the ambulance service that serves the whole of Northern Ireland, and was set up in 1995.

As with other ambulance services in the United Kingdom, it does not charge its patients directly for its services, but is funded through tax.

NIAS has over 270 ambulances and over 1,000 staff, based across 32 stations & sub-stations, 4 Control Centres and a Regional Training Centre.

The Welsh Ambulance Service NHS Trust (Welsh:"Ymddiriedolaeth GIG Gwasanaethau Ambiwlans Cymru") was set up on April 1, 1998 and has 2,500 staff providing ambulance and related services to the 2.9 million residents of Wales.

Its headquarters are at the HM Stanley Hospital, St Asaph, Denbighshire and it is divided into three regions:

Private ambulance services are becoming more common in the UK. They often provide medical cover at large events, either with, or instead of the voluntary sector providers. Some organisers use a private firm instead of a voluntary ambulance service because of wider availability during the week (sometimes difficult for a voluntary service to cover) or for a wider range of skills, such as provision of qualified Paramedics.

The most common use for private ambulances is for non-urgent patient transport. Many trusts and hospitals have chosen to use a private company for these tasks. NHS ambulance services may also pay the private ambulances to answer some of their 999 calls.

All ambulance companies and the NHS Ambulance trusts must follow the same laws, so a private ambulance must have the same equipment and same type of staff working in it.

In most of the United Kingdom, the main voluntary ambulance services are the British Red Cross and St John Ambulance. In Scotland, the main voluntary ambulance is St Andrew's First Aid. The Order of Malta Ambulance Corps. can sometimes be found in Northern Ireland also. These groups have been providing both emergency and non-emergency medical cover in the UK for over 120 years, including active service in both World Wars. This is before any government organised service.

The main activity of the organisations apart from training and education, is providing ambulance cover at events, as an extension of their first aid contract.

They may also treat and transport certain categories of patient to hospital, although for more serious incidents, such as cardiac arrest it is likely that they would call on the ambulance service. This is arranged through agreements with the local ambulance service.

Both organisations also provide 'reserve' or 'support' cover to some, though not all, of the ambulance trusts (dependent on the local MOU), where ambulance crews from one of the organisations (who are usually volunteers, but in some instances may be paid staff) will attend 999, GP Urgent or PTS calls on behalf of the ambulance trust. In these cases the organisation is paid by the trust. This service is most often called on during major incidents, when there is a high level of staff absence or when there is an unusually high call volume, although in some areas, voluntary crews are regularly used to supplement full-time trust cover.

Both organisations have also provided cover for the public when NHS ambulance trust staff have held strikes or walk outs.



Public administration

Public Administration is a field in which leaders serve communities to advance the common good and effect positive change. Public Administration professionals are equipped with skills to manage at all levels of government (LOCAL, STATE, and FEDERAL) as well as non profit organizations. Skills employed across the field or Public Administration such as PROJECT MANAGEMENT and PROGRAM MANAGEMENT are often transferable to the private sector.

Public Administration can also helps improve management and improve policies so that government can work better. Public Administrators manage public programs, translate politics into the programs and services that citizens use every day. In universities, professors of Public Administration study government decision making, analyze policies, and think about how to improve policies and programs.

Discuss Some Importance of Public Administration

The importance of Public Administration in modern times can be hardly over emphasized. It stands accepted as one of the most essential and important areas of human activity and concern. The complexities arising out of the modern age of industrialization and urbanization have enhance the socio-economic development role of the state. This has in turn invigorated and expanded the role and importance of public administration . Public Administration is indeed one of the essential condition of the civilised life of human beings in a society. There would be, as Burke rightly remark "no existence without administration". It is important not only as an instrument of governance but also as an important mechanism preserving and promoting the welfare of society.

The Importance of Public Administration can be analysed by examining the following points:

1.Role of Public Administration as a stablising force in society.

The role of Public Administration as a stabilizing force in society involves maintaining law and order, providing essential services, and ensuring effective governance. It contributes to the overall stability, development, and well-being of a society by managing public resources, implementing policies, and serving the needs of citizens. administrators are the establishers of the society and the guardians of traditions. The government may change, and in a democratic system, it actually changes after regular intervals but administration continues to be more or less the same. It ensures continuity and stability in governmental policies and plans.

2.Public Administration as an instrument of resolving the problems of society.

Public Administration has to do with getting things done and problem solved along with the accomplishment of defines objectives of the government. It is an instrument acting for solving the problems of poverty, underdevelopment, unemployment, communalism and extremism. Acting under the direction, guidance and control of the political executive of the state, public administration is always engaged revolving public problem and issues. It also acts as a dispenser of socio economic justice in accordance with the settled laws and policies of the state.

Public administration is an instrument for resolving the problems of society by implementing government policies and programs, managing public resources, and providing essential services to citizens. It plays a crucial role in maintaining law and order, promoting the well-being of citizens, and ensuring effective governance. By managing public resources, implementing policies, and serving the needs of citizens, public administration contributes to the overall stability, development, and progress of society.

3.Public Administration as a means to give service and protection.

Public administration is an important means for giving services and protection to the common man. Security, safety and order are the important basis of modern civilization and it is the important objective of public administration. Thus, it is a source of service to the people. It provides protection and relief to the people in the wake of social upheavals, epidemics, natural calamities, social disturbances, violence and economic hardships resulting from social evils, diseases and economic problems.

Public administration serves as a means to provide service and protection to the public. It ensures that essential services such as healthcare, education, transportation, and social welfare are delivered efficiently and effectively. Additionally, public administration plays a vital role in maintaining law and order, enforcing regulations, and protecting the rights and safety of citizens. By managing public resources and implementing government policies, public administration aims to serve and protect the interests of the public, contributing to the well-being and stability of society.

Public administration refers to the implementation of government policies and the management of public programs and services. It involves the planning, organizing, directing, coordinating, and controlling of government operations. Public administrators work in various sectors such as government agencies, non-profit organizations, and international organizations to ensure efficient and effective delivery of public services. They play a crucial role in policy-making, budgeting, human resources management, and decision-making processes. Public Administration is a field that combines elements of political science, management, and public policy.

Conclusion:

"These three keypoints highlight the important role played by public administration in every society. In fact, at times of both peace and war, and social harmony and social tension. Public administration has to act as the chief instrument of law, order, security, safety and well being of the society as a whole"

Canada

Hong Kong SAR, China

Europe

Holland

India

Philippines

Poland

Turkey

United Kingdom

United States


European Space Agency

European Space Agency or ESA (ESA; , ASE) is an international organisation with 22 member countries. Its job is to explore space. 

Its headquarters are in Paris, France. ESA has a staff of more than 2,000 with an annual budget of about €4.43 billion / US$5.51 billion (2015).

The member countries of ESA are Austria, Belgium, Czech Republic, Denmark, Finland, France, Germany, Greece, Ireland, Italy, Luxembourg, the Netherlands, Norway, Portugal, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland and the United Kingdom.

ESA's space flight programme includes 

The main European launch vehicle Ariane 5 is operated through Arianespace with ESA sharing in the costs of launching and further developing this launch vehicle.

On February 21, 2024, the agency's ERS-2 satellite came into the atmosphere of the Earth. The gravitational field (or gravity) of Earth [resulted] in the satellite ending up hitting the ocean. Earlier the satellite functioned (or worked) as a European Remote-Sensing Satellite.


Management

Management means directing and controlling a group of people or an organization to reach a goal. Management often means the deployment and manipulation of human resources, financial resources, technological resources, and natural resources. In other word Management can also mean the person or people who manage, the managers. European Management is specifically defined by academic Andreas M. Kaplan as a cross-cultural, societal management approach based on interdisciplinary principles.In the late 90s it used to be the only principal administration for one to operate in the business Field.


Republic of Texas

The Republic of Texas was a sovereign state in North America between the United States and Mexico that existed from 1836 to 1845. It was started on March 2 1836, when the people living in Texas declared themselves independent from Mexico. The Mexican army led by Santa Anna marched into Texas and attacked the new country. However the Mexican army was defeated and Santa Anna was captured at a battle near the site of Houston. The new republic did not have an easy time. It did not have a proper government, or any money. Its borders were often raided by Mexico, and there was fighting between the settlers and the Native Americans. The US government did not recognize the Republic of Texas.

In 1841, Santa Anna again became president of Mexico and the border attacks increased. By this time, thousands of new settlers had moved into Texas, and people in the US supported the people of Texas. The idea of annexation of Texas into the US became popular.

The Republic of Texas ended on December 29, 1845, when Texas became the 28th state of the United States of America.

Nuremberg Military Tribunals

The Nuremberg Military Tribunals are the follow up trials of war criminals held by the United States of America in Nuremberg.

The trial of the 24 Major War Criminals held by the International Military Tribunal (IMT) in Nuremberg is at Nuremberg Trials

The IMT only held one trial before disagreements between the four wartime allies stopped the series of trials that were planned. The four countries occupying Germany carried on with trials of many people in their own zone of occupation. Twelve that were held by the United States are the most famous of these trials. They involved some of the most important people to be prosecuted after the 24 Major War Criminals.

The twelve US trials in front of the Nuremberg Military Tribunal took place from December 9, 1946 to April 13, 1949. The trials were:

Anschluss

The Anschluss, or Anschluß, was the annexation of Austria by Nazi Germany in 1938.

After the First World War, both Austria-Hungary and the German Empire were abolished, and many hoped that the Republic of German Austria would be unified with the German Republic into a Greater Germany that would include all Germans.

That, however, was forbidden by the Treaty of Versailles without the permission of the League of Nations, and all of the major Allies needed to agree to make such a decision.
Adolf Hitler, who was born in Austria, met Austrian Chancellor Kurt Schuschnigg on 12 February 1938 in Berchtesgaden, Bavaria, and ordered him to end the ban on political parties, reinstate full party freedom, release all imprisoned members of the Nazi Party and let them take part in the government.

Hitler threatened an invasion as he wanted a union of Austria and Germany.

Schuschnigg did what Hitler had demanded and appointed Arthur Seyss-Inquart, a pro-Nazi lawyer, as Interior Minister and another Nazi, Edmund Glaise-Horstenau, as a Minister without Portfolio.

In January 1938, Schuschnigg had been told to remove the chief of staff of the Austrian Army, Alfred Jansa, who had with his staff made plans to defend Austria from a Wehrmacht attack.

Schuschnigg realised that his new ministers were trying to take over from him. To get support, Schuschnigg allowed socialists and communists to appear in public again. The parties had been banned on 12 February 1934, during the Austrian Civil War. The communists said that they supported the Austrian government. The socialists wanted more promises from Schuschnigg before they were willing to side with him.

On 9 March, Schuschnigg announced a plebiscite on the independence of Austria for 13 March.

To help him win, Schuschnigg set the minimum voting age at 24. Those who supported Nazism and union with Germany tended to be young and so the move stopped them from voting.

Also, supporters of independence were given ballots at the polls, but opponent had to bring their own.

Hitler said that the plebiscite would be subject to major fraud and that Germany would not accept it. Also, the German Ministry of Propaganda issued press reports that riots had broken out in Austria and many Austrians were calling for German troops to restore order. Schuschnigg immediately said publicly that the reports of riots were false.

Hitler sent an ultimatum to Schuschnigg on 11 March to hand over all power to the Austrian Nazis or face an invasion.

Schuschnigg resigned as chancellor that evening since he could not persuade France or the United Kingdom to help.

In a radio broadcast, he announced his resignation, said that he accepted the changes and allowed the Nazis to take over the government to avoid bloodshed.

Meanwhile, Austrian President Wilhelm Miklas refused to appoint Seyss-Inquart as chancellor and asked other Austrian politicians instead. However, the Nazis were well organised, and within hours, managed to take control of many parts of Vienna, including the Ministry of Internal Affairs, which controlled the police. As Miklas continued to refuse to appoint a Nazi government, and Seyss-Inquart still could not send a telegram in the name of the Austrian government to demand German troops to restore order, Hitler became furious. At about 10 p.m., well after Hitler had signed and issued the order for the invasion, Göring and Hitler gave up on waiting and sent a forged telegram that pretended to be a request by the Austrian government for German troops to enter Austria. Around midnight, after nearly all critical offices and buildings had fallen into Nazi hands in Vienna, and the main party members of the old government had been arrested, Miklas finally appointed Seyss-Inquart as chancellor.

On the morning of 12 March, the 8th Army of the German Wehrmacht crossed the German-Austrian border. It was not stopped by the Austrian Army, but its troops were greeted by cheering Austrian Germans with Hitler salutes, Nazi flags and flowers.

The annexation of Austria without a shot being fired is therefore sometimes called the "Blumenkrieg" (war of flowers).

Hitler's car crossed the border in the afternoon at Braunau, his birthplace. In the evening, he arrived at Linz and was welcomed at the city hall. Goering, in a telephone call that evening, said, "There is unbelievable jubilation in Austria. We ourselves did not think that sympathies would be so intense."

On 2 April 1938, 200,000 Austrians gathered on the Heldenplatz (Square of Heroes) to hear Hitler proclaim the Anschluss. Hitler later commented, "Certain foreign newspapers have said that we fell on Austria with brutal methods. I can only say: even in death they cannot stop lying. I have in the course of my political struggle won much love from my people, but when I crossed the former frontier (into Austria) there met me such a stream of love as I have never experienced. Not as tyrants have we come, but as liberators."

The Anschluss was given immediate effect by a law on 13 March that was subject to ratification by a plebiscite. Austria became the province of Ostmark, and Seyss-Inquart was appointed as its governor. The plebiscite was held on 10 April and officially recorded a support of 99.73% of the voters.

Most historians agree that the result was not fixed even though the voting process was neither free nor secret. Officials were present directly beside the voting booths and received the voting ballot by hand, unlike a free vote in which the voting ballot is inserted into a closed box. In some parts of Austria, the plebiscite on 13 March was held despite the Wehrmacht's presence in Austria since it took up to three days to occupy every part of Austria. For instance, in Innervillgraten, 95% of the village voted for Austria's independence.

Austria remained part of the Third Reich until the end of World War II, when a provisional government declared the Anschluss "null und nichtig" (null and void) on April 27 1945. After the war, the Allies occupied Austria, which was recognised and treated as a separate country, but sovereignty was restored only by the Austrian State Treaty and the Austrian Declaration of Neutrality, both in 1955, largely because of the rapid development of the Cold War and disputes between the Soviet Union and its former allies over foreign policy.

Nestorianism

Nestorianism is a movement within Christianity. The idea behind the doctrine was that there were two different persons of Jesus. One of them was the man Jesus, the other was the aspect of "son of God", or Logos. Perhaps the most prominent supporter of the idea was Nestorius, archbishop of Constantinople. Nestorius lived from about 380 to about 450 AD. The Council of Ephesus condemned this view in 431. This led to a split of the church, into the Assyrian Church of the East and the Byzantine Church. 

For this reason, the Assyrian Church of the East is sometimes called "Nestorian". The church holds the view that Christ has two "essences" ("qnome") that are united in one person ("parsopa"). 

The only two churches that teach Nestorianism today are the Assyrian Church of the East, and the Church of the East & Abroad.

Daikokuten

In Japan, Daikokuten (大黒天), is one of the Seven Lucky Gods. Daikokuten came from the Indian god, Shiva. Daikoku wears Japanese robes and has a happy and smiling personality.

Daikoku's pictures are found in the temples of Tibet and China and the god enjoys a high position as a household god in Japan. Daikoku's connection with wealth and success started a strange ritual known as Fuku-nusubi. This ritual started with the belief that the person who stole figures of gods and goddesses was promised good luck, if they were not caught while stealing. Eventually, stealing divine figures became so common that the Toshi-no-ichi or the ‘year-end-market’ held in the Asakusa Kannon temple became the main place where the sale of these images was held.
Daikoku is considered to be the god of wealth or the household, mostly the kitchen. He is recognised from his wide face, smile, and a flat black hat. He is often shown holding a golden mallet and sitting on bales of rice.

Seesaw

A seesaw (also known as a teeter-totter) is a long, narrow board which is fixed in the middle, a little way above the ground. When one end of the seesaw goes up the other goes down.

Children often like to play on seesaws. Two children sit on the seesaw, one at each end. The child who is down pushes the ground with his feet so that he goes up and his friend goes down. Then the friend pushes up so the first child goes down. They continue to go back and forth until they are ready to stop playing on the seesaw.

It works best with two children who are about the same size, or else the heavy person will make his end stay down. On some seesaws there is room for two or three children on each end. There is a handle for each child to hold on to so that they do not fall off.

In mechanics (a kind of physics) anything that is balanced in the middle and goes up and down like a seesaw might be described as something that "seesaws". 

Playground slide

Playground slides are slides for children to play on in playgrounds. The child climbs up a ladder or some stairs, then sits down at the top and slides all the way down. Some children like to slide down on their backs or on their stomachs. This can sometimes be dangerous on big slides.

Slides are made of metal, plastic or wood. They must have a smooth surface so that the child does not hurt himself. Sometimes, in amusement parks, there are giant slides called "helterskelters".

There are slides at swimming pools where people can slide down into the water with a splash. These are called "water slides" or "shutes".

Antipsychotic

Antipsychotic drugs or Neuroleptics are drugs that act on the central nervous system, and that usually have sedating properties. The name "neuroleptic" was introduced in 1955. From the 1990s, the term "antipsychotic" is the name that is more commonly used instead. Neuroleptics make the patient calm. In many of the conditions they are used for, the patients "lose touch with reality." This is called psychosis. As the name suggests, antipsychotics are also used to lessen the symptoms of psychosis. Today, they are mostly used for the treatment of psychosis, as it occurs in schizophrenia and bipolar disorder. They can also be used to treat depression and mood swings. 

Commonly they are also used for the following classes of conditions: 


The first inventor of this drug was William Perkin whom at the time (1856) was 18 when he made it, when the chemical group was first made, it was only a dye which was coloured blue or mauve. W. Perkins began "the aniline dye industry". 

At a place named Rhône-Poulenc Laboratories either Charpentier, Courvoisier, Koetschet or Paul Charpentier invented chlorpromazine during 1951, or, during December of 1950 He created this drug that has saved hundreds of people with schizophrenia.

Antipsychotics were previously described as "major tranquilisers" but the use of this name was stopped because the effect isn't infact to make people experience tranquility.

Antipsychotics were the first drugs that allowed to treat people with psychoses. Beforehand, people with an acute psychose would be given cold showers, against their wlll, or they might be chained to a wall. In the Middle Ages, they would be whipped. Sometimes, people might say that they were possessed, and they might then be burned at the stake. Up to the middle of the 20th century, people would be put in a psychiatric hospital. The only "trearment" available was locking them up and sedating them. They would then no longer pose a threat to themselves, or to others. Especially in the United States, lobotomy was done. This is a special knd of surgery to the brain. It has the problem that it often fundamentally changes the way the person behaves.

Anything and everything anti of psychotic began after Canstatt created the word psychosis for 1841. 

Eve Online

EVE Online is a 2003 Space science fiction MMORPG computer game. It was made by CCP Games. The game is very similar to the 1980s game ELITE. Players in EVE earn money called "InterStella Kredits" (ISK) to buy new spacecraft, skills or equipment. Several ways to earn ISK include mining, exploration, doing missions, trading, piracy, and bounty hunting (hunting criminals for money). 

EVE is hosted on 1 server cluster. Unlike most MMORPG games, it is not split up based upon geographical location or how busy the servers are. 

There are four races in the Eve universe that are playable by subscribers, there is a fifth race, but only Eve Online employees can get them.

Amarr

The Amarr is a race centered around religion. They were the first of the four races to develop ships capable of travelling space. Their main weapon type is a laser, which fire high-energy beams to the enemy to deal damage. They do not use ammunition like the other races, but instead use a type of ammunition called a crystal in order to focus the laser. There are two subgroups of lasers: Beam (long range), and Pulse (short range).

Caldari

The Caldari is a race centered around corporations. They are a very military driven race, and specialize in both missiles and hybrid turrets (which require both ammunition to fire, and energy to fire it), railguns in particular, and can shoot further than other races.

Gallente

The Gallente happened to be located in the same place the Caldari were, and were the first race to create a democracy. Like the Caldari, they specialize in hybrid turrets, but prefer the short-ranged "blasters", and do not specialize in missiles, instead using drones (small robot ships) to good effect.

Minmatar

The Minmatar was the last race to develop space flight. The Amarr quickly enslaved them, however they were able to gain their freedom with the help of the Gallente. Their main weapon is projectile turrets, pretty much regular guns, with the subgroup being artillery (long range), and auto-cannons (short range).

Gameplay in Eve is known to be complex, since there are so many things for a player to do. A player can do many things, with three of the main categories being:

Missions

Missions involves talking with an NPC (computer player), who will assign you with a task. This can include: killing other NPCs, hauling an item from one location to another, or a combination of both. The rewards from doing these missions include money, standings (better standings means you can do better missions), and Loyalty Points (which can be spent to get certain types of items that can not normally be bought.

Mining/Industry

Mining and Industry are the backbone of the Eve Universe. Almost everything that a player flies, or item he uses was made by another player. Except for certain items, everything is made through industry. There are certain ores (which give minerals when refined) that can only be found in certain areas. Players that find these ores and bring them back to the market will be sure to make quite a bit of money.

PVP

Although PVP (player-vs-player fights) is not a very good way to make money for new players, it is by far one of the most exciting things to do in the Eve Universe. The Eve industry is primarily focused around providing ships to PVP players. Many big corporations (groups of players that share a common goal), can form gigantic alliances to take control of certain areas, which are rich in a wide variety of ways. 

Kintarō

Kintarō (金太郎, Kintarō? sometimes means "Golden Boy") is a folk (story) hero from Japanese folklore. A child born really strong. He was raised by a girl ogre in a mountain called Mount Ashigara. He became friendly with the animals and imaginary things of the mountain. Later, after catching the terror of the region around Mount Ooe, Shutendouji, he became a great follower of Minamoto no Yorimitsu under the new name Sakata no Kintoki (坂田公時, Sakata no Kintoki?).

490 Veritas

490 Veritas is a big asteroid, which may have been involved in one of the more huge asteroid-asteroid collisions of the past 100 million years.

At 115 and 125 km in diameter, Veritas and 92 Undina are the biggest of the 300-strong Veritas family of asteroids. David Nesvorný of the Southwest Research Institute in Boulder traced the orbits of these bodies back in time, and calculated that they formed in a collision of a body at least 150 km in diameter with a smaller asteroid some 8 million years ago. Veritas and Undina would have been the biggest pieces of that collision.

The thought Veritas collision would have been too far from Jupiter for the pieces to have been slung into a collision course with Earth. However, solar radiation would have caused the resulting dust to drift inward to Earth orbit over a time span consistent with the record of dust in the ocean sediment.

Today continuing collisions among Veritas-family asteroids are estimated to send five thousand tons of cosmic dust to Earth each year, 15% of the total.

It was found by Max Wolf in 1902. Its provisional name was 1902 JP.



Cart

A cart is a vehicle with two wheels and usually pulled by one horse. Other animals such as ox, cattle or donkeys are sometimes used instead of a horse. A handcart is pulled or pushed by a person.

Carts have been used for over 4,000 years around the world. Today we use the shopping cart. Shopping carts first made their appearance in Oklahoma City in 1937.

Lanark Grammar School

Lanark Grammar School is a medium-sized secondary school in Lanark, South Lanarkshire which has over 1000 students.


The school library has lots of books on all the subjects studied at the school. It also has a wide range of fiction books for juniors and seniors. There are 15 computers in the library which can be used by any of the students who need to do work.

Johannes Vermeer

Johannes Vermeer or Jan Vermeer (baptised 31 October 1632, died December 1675) was a Dutch Baroque painter. He spent his life in the town of Delft. Vermeer came from a Protestant family but he married a Catholic, named Catherina Bolnes, in April 1653. They had eleven children.

Vermeer mainly painted people in daily life. He painted people in detail and used rich colors. He kept the backgrounds simple. This contrast makes the viewer focus on the main point. 

He used perspective technique to draw lines from one dot on the canvas. He used this technique on his 17 paintings. Those paintings have a little dot which may be used for perspective. 

Vermeer’s painted women often wear blue clothes. This color blue is made from a natural mineral called lapis lazuli.

There is no self portrait of Jan Vermeer. His face may be in some other paintings, especially "The Art of Painting" ("De Schilderkunst") and "The Procuress" ("De Koppelaarste"), but there is no proof that the man is Vermeer.

When Vermeer died his family had financial troubles, and after his death many of his paintings were sold at auction.

Vermeer became more famous after being rediscovered by art historians and art collectors in the 1800s.



Arthur Seyß-Inquart

Arthur Seyss-Inquart/Arthur Seyß-Inquart (born "Arthur Seyß-Inquart on" 22 July 1892–16 October 1946) was a prominent lawyer and later Nazi official in pre-Anschluß Austria, the Third Reich and in wartime Germany, Poland, and the Netherlands. Seyß-Inquart was executed at the Nuremberg Trials for crimes against humanity.

Seyß-Inquart was born in 1892 in Stonařov ("Stannern"), Moravia, then part of the Austro-Hungarian Empire, to school principal Emil Zajtich and his wife Auguste Hyrenbach. The family moved to Vienna in 1907, where they changed the Czech Slavic name of "Zajtich" to the German "Seyß-Inquart". Seyß-Inquart later studied law at the University of Vienna. At the beginning of World War I in August 1914, Seyß-Inquart enlisted in the Austrian Army and served in Russia, Romania and Italy. He was decorated for bravery on a number of occasions, and while recovering from wounds in 1917 he completed his final examinations for his degree.

In 1911, Seyß-Inquart met Gertrud Maschka. The couple married in 1916 and had three children: Ingeborg Caroline Auguste Seyß-Inquart (born 18 September 1917), Richard Seyß-Inquart (born 1921) and Dorothea Seyß-Inquart (born 1928).

He went into law after the war, and in 1921 set up his own practice. During the early years of the first Austrian republic, he was close to the Vaterländische Front.

As a successful lawyer, he was asked to join the cabinet of Chancellor Engelbert Dollfuss in 1933.

He became a State Councillor in 1937 under Kurt Schuschnigg. He was not a member of the Austrian National Socialist party at first. But by 1938, Seyß-Inquart was the highest-ranking politician in the Austrian National Socialist Party.

In February 1938, Seyß-Inquart was appointed Minister of the Interior by Schuschnigg, after Hitler had threatened Schuschnigg. On 11 March 1938, Schuschnigg resigned as Austrian Chancellor and Seyß-Inquart was appointed to the position by Austrian President Wilhelm Miklas. Hitler's plan was to have Seyß-Inquart send a telegram asking for German help to stop riots, but President Miklas did not make Seyß-Inquart chancellor until after Hitler's invasion of Austria. On 13 March 1938, Seyß-Inquart joined the National Socialist party.

Hitler was going to leave Austria independent, but after the welcome the invading German troops got during the Anschluß he decided to make Austria a new part of the Third Reich, called "Ostmark" (or "eastern boundary") . Seyß-Inquart wrote the statute which made Austria a province of Germany, and signed it into law on 13 March.

Seyß-Inquart became "Reichsstatthalter" or Governor of the so-called Ostmark. Ernst Kaltenbrunner was chief minister, and Burckel Commissioner for the Reunion of Austria (concerned with the "Jewish Question").

Seyß-Inquart was made an SS Gruppenführer, and in May 1939 Minister without portfolio in Hitler's government.

After the invasion of Poland Seyß-Inquart became governor of Southern Poland, but before he started work there the General Government was created, and Seyß-Inquart became a deputy to Governor General Hans Frank.

After Germany invaded the Low Countries, Seyß-Inquart became Reichskommissar for occupied Netherlands in May 1940. His job was to organize civil administration, create close economic ties with Germany and defend the interests of the Reich.

He supported the Dutch National Socialist Party (NSB) and allowed it to create a paramilitary "Landwacht", as an auxiliary police force. Other political parties were banned in late 1941, and many former government officials imprisoned at Sint-Michielsgestel. The administration of the country was largely controlled by Seyß-Inquart himself.

He introduced measures to combat 'terror', and when a widespread strike took place in Amsterdam, Arnhem and Hilversum in May 1943 special summary court-martials were held and a collective fine of 18 million guilders was imposed. Seyß-Inquart authorized the execution of around 800 people before liberation. Some people say it was not merely 800 but over 1,500, including executions under the so-called "Hostage Law" involving (among others) political prisoners who were close to being liberated, the Putten incident, and the reprisal execution of 117 Dutchmen for the attack on SS and Police Leader" Hanns Albin Rauter. From July 1944 on, most of Seyß-Inquart's powers were transferred to the military commander in the Netherlands and the Gestapo, but he was still an important and powerful political figure.

There were two small concentration camps in the Netherlands:

There was also a "Jewish assembly camp" at Westerbork, in addition to a number of other camps controlled by the military, the police, the SS or Seyß-Inquart's administration. These included a "voluntary labor recruitment" camp at Ommen. A total of around 530,000 Dutch civilians worked for the Germans, of whom 250,000 were sent to factories in Germany.

Seyss-Inquart was an anti-Semite: within a few months of his arrival in the Netherlands, he sacked Jews from government, the press and leading positions in industry. Anti-Jewish measures escalated after 1941: approximately 140,000 Jews were registered, a ghetto was created in Amsterdam and a transit camp set up at Westerbork. In February 1941, 600 Jews were sent to the Buchenwald and Mauthausen concentration camps. Later, Dutch Jews were sent to Auschwitz. As Allied forces approached in September 1944 the remaining Jews at Westerbork were sent to Theresienstadt. Of 140,000 registered Dutch Jews, only 44,500 survived the war.

When Hitler committed suicide on 30 April 1945, Seyß-Inquart became the Foreign Minister in Admiral Karl Dönitz's new German government.

The Nazi regime had tried a 'scorched earth' policy, and also destroyed some docks and harbors. Seyß-Inquart agreed with Armaments Minister Albert Speer that destroying everything to keep valuable materials from Allied forces or a new government after the war was wrong. Seyß-Inquart also helped in the so-called 'hunger winter' of 1945 to distribute food, and allowed Allied airplanes to drop Swedish white bread for the hungry people of occupied northern Netherlands. He remained Reichskommissar until 8 May 1945, when, after a meeting with Karl Dönitz to confirm his blocking of the scorched-earth orders, he was captured in Hamburg.

At the Nuremberg Trials, Seyß-Inquart faced charges of conspiracy to commit crimes against peace; planning, starting and fighting wars of aggression; war crimes; and crimes against humanity.

His defence lawyer was Gustav Steinbauer. Seyß-Inquart was nonetheless found guilty of all charges except conspiracy. On hearing of his death sentence, Seyss-Inquart made it clear he accepted responsibility for excesses during the war, "Death by hanging...well, in view of the whole situation, I never expected anything different. It's all right". He was hanged on 16 October 1946, at the age of 54, together with nine other Nuremberg defendants. His last words were "I hope that this execution is the last act of the tragedy of the Second World War and that the lesson taken from this world war will be that peace and understanding should exist between peoples. I believe in Germany".


Classical Athens

Classical Athens refers to the city of Athens from 508 to 322 BC. Athenian democracy was established in 508 BC under Cleisthenes, after the tyranny of the Peistratids and the rule of Isagoras. This system remained remarkably stable, and with a few brief interruptions remained in place for 180 years, until 322 BC. Athens was one of the most powerful cities in ancient times. It was important because there democracy developed.
In 477 B.C. Athens began the Delian League to join the city-states for protection. Their rival was the Peloponnesian League led by Sparta. The Delian League's money was kept in the temple of Apollo.

In the classical period, Athens was a center for the arts, learning and philosophy, home of Plato's "Akademia" and Aristotle's "Lyceum". Athens was also the birthplace of Socrates, Pericles, Sophocles, and other philosophers, writers and politicians of the ancient world. It is widely referred to as the cradle of western civilization, and the birthplace of democracy. Its culture and political achievements during the 5th and 4th centuries BC had widespread effects.

The classical period is usually dealt with by its most important political events, as follows:


When King Xerxes of Persia fought the Greeks of Asia Minor, Athens helped the Greeks in Asia Minor. In time, the Persians attacked Greece and the Greco-Persian wars began.

On the plain of Marathon, many Persians with bows and arrows fought the Greeks. Even though there were many more Persians than Greeks, the Greeks won because they had spears and swords of metal.

Themistocles, the general of Athens, warned the Athenians that the Persians would return, so they should make their navy bigger. The people did so, and Sparta offered to help. In 480 BC the Persians arrived and attacked the Greeks, both on land and on sea. The Persians won the battle of Thermopylae, but the battle gave the Greeks time to get ready.

Although the city of Athens was burnt down, most of the people had run away to the nearby islands for safety. Themistocles ordered the Greeks to prepare for another attack. This time he told them to leave their ships in the Bay of Salamis. When the Persians arrived, they were surprised and confused by the harbor that was so full of ships they could not travel in it. In this battle of Salamis a few hundred Greek ships destroyed many, many Persian ships. Xerxes went away.

The next year, 32,000 Greek hoplites and 50,000 other soldiers won the Battle of Plataea. The Persians did not attack Greece again.

Even though Sparta and Athens helped each other in battle, they were very different culturally. In 431 to 404 B.C., these two city-states fought in a conflict called the Peloponnesian War after the name of the lower part of the peninsula. Sparta had help from other states. Many people died in the siege of Athens because of a terrible sickness, including Pericles.

In 405, the Spartans destroyed the navy of Athens in battle. Athens surrendered to Sparta in the following year.

For 30 years Sparta ruled, but many people did not like Spartan government, and Thebes, another city-state, helped Athens defeat Sparta. For nine years Thebes was the most powerful state.

However, Greece was much weaker because of the wars inside her country. Philip of Macedonia began to move into Greek territory. Although Demosthenes warned Athens of the danger, Athenians did not care. At Chaeronea, Philip of Macedonia controlled Greece.

When Philip died, his son, Alexander the Great, even though he was only 20 years, went out to capture the world. He won Asia Minor, Persia, Egpyt, and a small part of India, but he died of sickness when he was 32.

The people in Athens ate simply, usually barley cakes, onions, fish, and fruit. For clothes the men wore short pieces of cloth (tunics), aprons, and sandals for work. A woman wore a "chiton", which was a long, loose cloth that was attached to the shoulder. The loose garment was like a blouse because of a rope worn around the waist. Sandals were made by putting the foot on a piece of skin while the shoemaker made a covering for the foot.

Children liked to have pet rabbits and to play ball games. For fun, they also raced little chariots pulled by dogs. They were taught by slaves, and learned poetry, music, and dancing. Exercise was also important.

When a young man became 18, he began two years of training for the army. After that he could join in the men's classes where javelin throwing was done. For protection in wrestling, he tied leather strips around his wrists. He also cut his hair. Teachers from many lands taught the young men.

The Greek hoplites fought close together in a phalanx formation. Their spears were very long.

Women in ancient and classical Athens were treated with little respect. They could not become citizens of Athens. This means they could not vote and did not have any direct say in what happened in Athens. They could not run for election.

Girls could not be citizens. They left their home at the age of 14 to get married, sometimes with a man who was much older than she was (about 30 years old). Her marriage would be arranged by her father. On most occasions, the father would pick a rich husband for his daughter. The girl and her mother had no say in who she married, it was entirely the father's choice.

Contrast that with Sparta. Spartan women enjoyed a status, power, and respect that was unknown in the rest of the classical world. Although Spartan women were excluded from military and political life, they enjoyed considerable status as mothers of Spartan warriors. As men engaged in military activity, "women took responsibility for running estates".

in the 4th century BC Spartan women owned approximately between 35% and 40% of all Spartan land and property. By the Hellenistic Period, some of the wealthiest Spartans were women. They controlled their own properties, as well as the properties of male relatives who were away with the army. Spartan women rarely married before the age of 20, and unlike Athenian women who wore heavy, concealing clothes and were rarely seen outside the house, Spartan women wore short dresses and went where they pleased. Girls as well as boys received an education. Young women as well as young men may have taken part in the "Gymnopaedia" ("Festival of Nude Youths").

Watership Down

Watership Down is a novel written by Richard Adams. It tells the story of rabbits and their adventures concerning their warren at a hill in the north of Hampshire, England known as Watership Down.

In this fantasy book, rabbits with human intelligence are shown in their natural environment. They have their own culture, language, proverbs, poetry and mythology.

It was first published in the United Kingdom by Rex Collings Ltd in 1972 and has continued to be printed and is now available in 18 different languages.


Fiver, a rabbit with a gift for seeing the future, living at Sandleford Warren, sees his home being destroyed by a land developer in the future. He convinces his brother, Hazel to talk to the Chief Rabbit, Threarah about leaving the Warren, however, the Chief Rabbit has no intention of leaving. Hazel, Fiver, and nine other rabbits then set off in search of a new home (at the time, merely off of the basis of Fiver's dreams that a good home awaits them somewhere far away).

They travel through forests, fields, over rivers, and roads filled with hrududu's (cars) before tiredness forces them to stop at a warren headed by a rabbit named Cowslip. After much debate, the rabbits agree to stay at Cowslips warren. The warren however, feels wrong to them (especially Fiver) due to the other rabbit's strange customs.

They soon find out that the strange actions that Cowslip's rabbits are showing is due to the fact that they are merely being fed and taken care of by a farmer so that he kill them off, one by one, for food. They leave Cowslip's warren, although Bigwig nearly dies on the way.

They keep going until they arrive at the site of Watership Down, a high hill that is far from man and full of good food and safety. After a day or two at their good land that Fiver had promised them, Hazel is named the unofficial chief rabbit of Watership Down. However, Hazel realizes that there are no does (female rabbits) among them, and they cannot have a healthy warren of rabbits without does.

Hazel later rescues a big gull named Kehaar, who has been hurt by a cat. After nursing Kehaar back to health, Keharr agrees to help the rabbits for the time being in return for their kindness toward him. After being asked by Hazel to check out of the area, Kehaar finds a large warren called Efrafa to the South of their position. After hearing that Efrafa is large and too crowded, Hazel sends four rabbits to Efrafa to ask if they could bring back some does to their warren.

However, Efrafa, being a large warren with too many rabbits, is tightly controlled by a rabbit named General Woundwort and his large military. Each rabbit is told when are where they are allowed to eat, sleep and more. Nothing happens without the General's ok, including leaving the warren. The four rabbits barely run away after playing a trick on an Efrafan Captain.

At the same time that the four rabbits are at Efrafa, Hazel leads a small group to look into Kehaar's report that there is a farm with a few caged rabbits, including does. After a few raids, the Watership rabbits break a few caged rabbits out of the farm, but Hazel is shot on the way out. Fiver has a vision where Hazel is, though, and Hazel is found and returned to health.

Now hearing how Efrafa is, the weakened Hazel decides to free the rabbits from Efrafa. All of the Watership rabbits travel carefully to the edges of Efrafa. Pretending to be a wandering alone rabbit, Bigwig infiltrates Efrafa as an officer of their Owsla. Secretly, however, Bigwig is helping get rabbits to help with the break out. He meets Hyzenthlay and Thethunninnang, two does who tell him that, if he has a working plan, they and a few other rabbits will attempt the escape with him.

After nearly having to fight General Woundwort, Bigwig and the does break out of Efrafa with Kehaar's help. Of course this break out is noticed by the guards, and soon the General himself and his small army catch up Bigwig and the runaway rabbits. They get away only because Kehaar attacks Woundwort. Woundwort keep chasing the rabbits to a stream, and the rabbits escape on a small boat. Two does die on the way to Watership Down, but most rabbits make it there safely.

The rabbits are glad to see the new rabbits. However, a field mouse warns the rabbits that General Woundwort and a small strike team are coming. The General then attacks the warren in the night as the Watership Rabbits head to their deepest burrows, blocking off the tunnels in an attempt to hold off the Efrafans.

While in a burrow, Fiver passes out as too many visions come to him at once. Meanwhile, Hazel, has a vision of how to stop the Efrafans. Hazel tells Bigwig to stay there and fight and he takes Blackberry and Dandelion out of the burrow. Hazel's plan is to use the dog at the nearby Nuthanger farm to defeat the Efrafans.

Hazel's plan works, however Bigwig and Hazel are hurt in the process. General Woundwort disappears, never to be seen again. Captain Campion and the other attackers go back to Efrafa, where Campion becomes Chief Rabbit.

Hazel lives a long life as Chief Rabbit of Watership Down, while his warren does well and is peaceful. Fiver recovers and Bigwig becomes the respected captain of the guard.


Richard Adams

Richard George Adams (9 May 1920 – 24 December 2016) was an English author. His most famous book, "Watership Down", began as a story to tell his daughters. Adams won both important British children's book awards, the Carnegie Medal and the Guardian Children's Fiction Prize.

Adams was in the British Army during World War II. Later he joined the British Civil Service. Two years after "Watership Down" was published, Adams became a full-time author. He was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society of Literature in 1975.

Adams died on 24 December 2016 at the age of 96 in Oxford, England from complications of a blood disorder.


Mergoscia

Mergoscia is a municipality of the district Locarno in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland. The village is found above Lago di Vogorno in the Verzasca valley.

Meride

Meride was a municipality of the district Mendrisio in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland. On 14 April 2013, the former municipalities of Besazio, Ligornetto and Meride merged into the municipality of Mendrisio.


Mezzovico-Vira

Mezzovico-Vira is a municipality of the district Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.

Miglieglia

Miglieglia is a municipality of the district Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.

Minusio

Minusio is a municipality of the district Locarno in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.


Moleno

Moleno was a municipality of the district Bellinzona in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.

On 2 April 2017, the former municipalities of Camorino, Claro, Giubiasco, Gnosca, Gorduno, Gudo, Moleno, Monte Carasso, Pianezzo, Preonzo, Sant'Antonio and Sementina merged into the municipality of Bellinzona.

Monte Carasso

Monte Carasso was a municipality of the district Bellinzona in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.

On 2 April 2017, the former municipalities of Camorino, Claro, Giubiasco, Gnosca, Gorduno, Gudo, Moleno, Monte Carasso, Pianezzo, Preonzo, Sant'Antonio and Sementina merged to form the municipality of Bellinzona.

The Swiss Heritage Society chose Monte Carasso for the 1993 Wakker Prize.


Mark Ronson

Mark Daniel Ronson (born 4 September 1975) is a music producer from London, England. Ronson has released two albums. His first, released in 2003, was mainly hip hop music. His second, in 2007, featured British singers and musicians performing many different genres and styles.

Ronson's mother, Ann Dexter-Jones, is a writer, and his father used to work in the music industry. He has two twin sisters, Charlotte and Samantha. Samantha is also a musical artist, and a well known LA DJ.
Charlotte is a well known clothing designer and owns several clothing stores.

Ronson's family are ethnically Jewish.

Ronson became interested in hip hop when he moved to New York City, aged 8. He went New York University, and became a popular DJ in New York during the 1990s. 

Ronson's first album was called "Here Comes the Fuzz", a hip hop album featuring artists such as Ghostface Killah. It was released in 2003. It reached #70 in the music charts.

His second album, "Version", was more successful. It sold more, and was nominated for a number of awards. It featured lead vocals by the likes of Amy Winehouse, Lily Allen, Robbie Williams, and others famous British singers too. Jordan Galland, an American musican also contributed to it. The artists performed cover songs, (which means the songs were new 'versions' of old songs - the word "version" was originally used in this context by the Reggae scene) but what made this second album stand out was the return to the use of professional arrangers and a full brass section. At a time when other producers such as Timbaland had made a name for themselves by producing simple stripped down backing beats, the sound was a complete change of direction. The brass section that Ronson used was the Dap-Kings who usually performed with Sharon Jones. It reached #2 in the British charts.


Shardik

Shardik is a fantasy novel written by Richard Adams in 1974.

"Shardik" takes place in an imaginary region called the Beklan Empire. A lonely hunter, Kelderek, pursues Shardik, a giant bear. Both of them become unwillingly drawn into the politics of the entire empire. The story's key themes include the personal struggles of sin and atonement, the strength and potential of children, and the responsibility of adults to protect and nurture children in hope of a better future.

Warsaw Uprising (1794)

The Warsaw Uprising of 1794 (also called the "Warsaw Insurrection") was started by a group of Polish people who lived in Warsaw. With help from the Polish Army, they tried to stop Russia from controlling the biggest city in Poland. It started on April 17, 1794, which was soon after Tadeusz Kościuszko's victory at an important battle.

Although the Russian army was larger, had better weapons, and killed many Polish people, Russian soldiers started to lose a lot of land and suffered from many deaths.

The Polish people had been preparing to fight in the uprising since the spring of 1793. They managed to become very popular: they formed a large army of volunteers who were led by a shoemaker, Jan Kiliński. Apart from this army, the most famous group to take part in giving the Polish people their freedom were the Poles who had been forced to join the Russian army. A person who watched the fighting was a French artist, Jan Piotr Norblin, who drew pictures of the uprising.

Vaishravana

Vaiśravaṇa or Vessavaṇa is the name of the chief of the Four Heavenly Kings and an important person in Buddhism.

The name Vaiśravaṇa comes from the Sanskrit viśravaṇa which means "Great Fame". Vaiśravaṇa is also known as Kubera in Sanskrit or Kuvera in Pāli.

The character of Vaiśravaṇa is like the Hindu god Kubera, but although the Buddhist and Hindu deities share some characteristics they have different functions and myths.

He is often shown with a yellow face. He carries an umbrella as a sign of his power. He is also sometimes shown with a mongoose, often shown spitting out jewels. The mongoose is the enemy of the snake, which is a symbol of greed or hatred; the spitting out of jewels shows generosity.

In the Pāli writings of the Theravāda Buddhist tradition, Vaiśravaṇa is called Vessavaṇa. Vessavaṇa is one of the Four Heavenly Kings, each one of which rules over a direction. Vessavaṇa's direction is the northern quarter of the world.

Vessavaṇa has the name "Kuvera" from a name he had from a past life as a rich mill-owner, who gave all the money he got from one of his seven mills to charity, and gave aid to the poor for 20,000 years.

As with all the Buddhist deities, Vessavaṇa is properly the name of a person who has the god inside him rather than a permanent individual. Each Vessavaṇa is a human, and when he dies, he will be replaced by a new Vessavaṇa. Like other beings of the Cātummahārājika world, his lifespan is 90,000 years, but other sources say nine million years.

When the Buddha was born, Vessavaṇa became his follower. He often brought the Buddha and his followers messages from the gods and other humans, and protected them.

In Japan, Bishamonten or just Bishamon is thought of as a god of war or warriors who wears armor, and a punisher of people who do evil things. This is very strange when compared with the peaceful Buddhist king described above. Bishamon is shown holding a spear in one hand and a small pagoda in the other hand. The Pagoda symbolises the divine treasure house, which holds things that he guards and gives away. In Japanese folklore, he is one of the Japanese Seven Lucky Gods.

In Tibet, Vaiśravaṇa is known to be a worldly protector of the Dharma. He is also known as the King of the North. As guardian of the north, he is often shown on temple wall paintings outside the main door. He is also a god of wealth. Vaiśravaṇa is sometimes shown carrying a citron, the fruit of the "jambhara" tree. The fruit helps pick him out from depictions of Kuvera.




Fugazi

Fugazi is an American alternative rock band that became active in 1987.

Singer and songwriter Ian MacKaye was in two bands before he joined Fugazi. These bands were Embrace, a band that existed from 1985 to 1986, and the more well-known Minor Threat. Guy Picciotto, who played guitar, was in famous punk/emo band Rites of Spring from 1984 to 1986. Brendan Canty, who played drums, was also in Rites of Spring. For Joe Lally, it was his first major band.

Fugazi are known for their aggressive, "chunky" music. It is difficult to call them one genre of music. This is because they played many different musical styles. The band wanted to sound different from other bands they knew and had been in. MacKaye and Picciotto also have different styles of singing and songwriting. MacKaye prefers songs that people can sing along to, whereas Picciotto prefers more complex songs.

The members of Fugazi did not use illegal drugs, drink alcohol, or have casual sex. This was called being "straight edge". The term "straight edge" was invented by Minor Threat, MacKaye's previous band.

Fugazi have not officially split up. However, they have not played since late 2002. This is because some of the band members have settled down with their families.

Benzaiten

Benzaiten is the Japanese name of the Hindu goddess Saraswati. Worship of Benzaiten started in Japan in the 6th to 8th centuries, mainly through the Chinese translations of the "Sutra of Golden Light ".

Her Sanskrit name is "Sarasvatî Devî", which means "flowing water". This is why Benzaiten is the goddess of everything that flows: water, words, speech, and music. The characters used to write her name showed her as the goddess of eloquence. Because of the Sutra of Golden Light, in Japan she became a protector of the people. Lastly, she became one of the Seven Lucky Gods.

She has a shrine on the Island of Enoshima in Sagami Bay, about 50 kilometers south of Tokyo; and a five-headed dragon and her are the main people in the Enoshima Engi, a history of the shrines on Enoshima written by the Japanese Buddhist monk Kokei (皇慶). According to Kokei, Benzaiten is the third daughter of the dragon-king of Munetsuchi (無熱池; literally "lake without heat"), the lake which is at the center of the world in an ancient Buddhist view.



Purchasing power parity

There are two ways to measure GDP (total income of a country) of different countries and compare them. One way, called GDP at exchange rate, is when the currencies of all countries are converted into USD (United States Dollar). The second way is GDP (PPP) or GDP at purchasing power parity (PPP).

Purchasing power parity (PPP) is measured by finding the values (in USD) of a basket of consumer goods that are present in each country (such as pineapple juice, pencils, etc.). If that basket costs $100 in the US and $200 in the United Kingdom, then the purchasing power parity exchange rate is 1:2.

For example, suppose that Japan has a higher GDP per capita (US$18) than the US (US$16). This means that the average Japanese person makes $2 more than the average American. However, this does not necessarily imply that the Japanese are more affluent. Suppose that one gallon of orange juice costs $6 in Japan, and $2 in the US, i.e. $6 buys a good in Japan that can be purchased in the US for $2. 1 gallon of orange juice is taken as a reference good in this example. Simply, 1 gallon of orange juice can be bought in Japan, versus 3 gallons in America, with an equivalent amount of money. We can calculate a PPP index for Japan vs. the US equal to 1/3.  According to orange juice prices, Americans have stronger purchasing power, or are able to buy more value with their money. The US has a PPP-adjusted GDP of $16, which has not changed since it is the reference currency. Japan's GDP, however, is only $6 when adjusted for PPP. This is calculated by multiplying Japan's unadjusted GDP by the PPP index. In reality, a much wider range of goods that includes much more than just orange juice is taken to calculate the PPP index, so that it accurately reflects the average cost of living.

Now apply this to daily life. The orange juice represents the previously mentioned "basket of goods" which represents the cost of living in a country. Therefore, even if a country has a higher GDP per capita (individual income), that country's people may still live poorer if the cost of living is higher.
There are some problems with how PPP is calculated using the market basket. Because people in different countries buy different goods, it can be very hard to create an accurate market basket. This means that PPP does not always represent the exact real value of money in different countries.

Warren (domestic)

A domestic warren is a man-made, enclosed establishment of animal husbandry that is used for the raising of domestic rabbits for meat and fur. 

There was a clear distinction between free warren and domestic warren. But today that is nearly gone. People even speak of a "prairie dog warren". 


Warren

Warren could mean:






Burrow

A burrow is a hole or tunnel in the ground made by an animal. Animals dig burrows to live in. Sometimes animals only use burrows for a short time. Many animals dig burrows.

There are many different kinds of burrows. Different kinds of animals make different kinds of burrows. Lots of mammals make burrows. Some mammals that make burrows are moles, gophers, groundhogs, rabbits, meerkats, and kangaroo mice. The biggest mammal that makes a burrow is the polar bear.

Other kinds of animals that make burrows are: mammals, amphibians, fish (lungfish), crustaceans, reptiles, birds, small dinosaurs, insects, spiders, sea urchins, crustaceans, clams, and worms.

Burrows can be made in different materials. Kangaroo mice make burrows in sand. Termites make burrows in wood. Some sea urchins and clams make burrows in rock. Burrows can also be make in different shapes and sizes. Some burrows are simple tubes a few centimeters long. Others are many tunnels and rooms that connect to each other.

Sometimes a burrow has a special name when it is made by a certain kind of animal. For example, a rabbit's burrow is called a "warren".

Burrow (disambiguation)

A burrow is a hole made by an animal.

Burrow can also mean:



Sogyal Rinpoche

Sogyal Rinpoche (1947 – 28 August 2019) was a Tibetan Dzogchen Lama of the Nyingma tradition. He taught for over 30 years. He travelled widely in Europe, America, Australia and Asia.

He was the founder and spiritual leader of Rigpa, which is an international network of over 100 Buddhist centres and groups in 23 countries around the world. He is also the author of the best-selling book "The Tibetan Book of Living and Dying", which has been printed in 30 languages and 56 countries.

Rinpoche often spoke at major conferences in all areas of society, including medicine and healing, education, dialogue between religions, movements for peace and non-violence, the world of business and leadership, and the field of serving the dying and hospice care.

Sogyal Rinpoche was born in 1947 in the region of Kham in Eastern Tibet. Jamyang Khyentse Chökyi Lodrö says that he is the reincarnation of Tertön Sogyal, a teacher to the Thirteenth Dalai Lama. Jamyang Khyentse raised him as a son and made sure he got good training.

When things got bad in Kham, Khyentse Rinpoche and his young student went to Central Tibet and Lhasa. In 1955, they met Tenzin Gyatso, His Holiness the 14th Dalai Lama. They then went to India. They settled in Gangtok at the invitation of the king of Sikkim.

Rinpoche went to Catholic School in Kalimpong. Then he went to study at a university in Delhi before coming to the West. In 1971, he was granted a place to study comparative religion at Trinity College, Cambridge as a visiting scholar. He continued to study with many masters of all schools of Tibetan Buddhism, especially His Holiness Dudjom Rinpoche and His Holiness Dilgo Khyentse Rinpoche.

In 1994, a $10 million civil lawsuit was filed against Sogyal Rinpoche. It was alleged that he had used his position as a spiritual leader to induce one of his female students to have sexual relations with him. The complaint included accusations of infliction of emotional distress, breach of fiduciary duty, as well as assault and battery. The lawsuit was settled out of court. Related allegations were later introduced by journalist Mary Finnigan, who was also the main author of the original article in 1995.

Rinpoche soon began teaching in Paris. He often translated for His Holiness Dudjom Rinpoche. He also went with Dudjom Rinpoche to the United States in 1976.

In the summer of 1977, he started a centre in London, which he called Dzogchen Orgyen Chöling. Many great masters taught there: Dudjom Rinpoche, His Holiness Sakya Trizin, Gyalwang Karmapa, Tulku Urgyen Rinpoche and others.

In 1979, Sogyal Rinpoche chose the name Rigpa for his work. It means "the innermost, essential nature of mind". Rigpa soon set up a schedule of teaching events, referred to as retreats, with Sogyal Rinpoche and other teachers, with teachings in France every summer, California at Thanksgiving, Germany in Winter, followed by Myall Lakes in Australia, and then England at Easter. The first winter event at Kirchheim in Germany was in December 1986, retreats in Tiona Park in Australia began in 1989, and the first Thanksgiving retreat in the US was in Oakland in 1988.

In 1987, Rinpoche became spiritual director of the centre in County Cork in the west of Ireland which was to become Dzogchen Beara, Rigpa’s first long-term retreat centre. In 1991, Sogyal Rinpoche opened the retreat centre of Lerab Ling near Montpellier in southern France. The first three-month retreat was held there in 1992. A centre in Berlin named Dharma Mati was opened in October 2007.

In 2017, a letter revealed that Rinpoche had physically and sexually abused many of his students dating back to the 1990s.

Rinpoche died of a pulmonary embolism caused by colorectal cancer on 28 August 2019 at a hospital in Thailand at the age of 72.






Soma (drink)

Soma is a drink used in ancient India, in the (Vedic) culture. It is written of in the Vedas, in which there are many hymns praising it. 

It was probably a juice made from a mountain plant or the haoma plant. In the Vedas, Soma is both the sacred drink and also a god (deva). It is not known for sure what Soma actually was.

Soma is similar to the Greek drink, ambrosia. According to their beliefs it is what the gods drink, and what made them gods. Indra and Agni are known for drinking a lot of Soma. Mortals also drink it, giving them visions that are thought to be divine. The "Rig-Veda" ("8.48") states, "We have drunk the Soma; we have become immortal; we have gone to the light; we have found the gods." The Ninth Mandala of the "Rig Veda" is known as the Soma Mandala. It is mostly hymns to Soma.

The Soma/Haoma cult originated in the . It is noted that other early did not drink Soma except (cf. Norman 1990: 292f.), and therefore making it unlikely that this cult started with Proto-Indo-Europeans. Based on the flower-clusters of the "", Soma-drinking is especially associated with Indra and the Sanskrit name for the colour Yellow, "हरि" (""hari""). A similar plant-colour system exists in Turkic "sarï-msak" ("garlic"), a plant which is called after its yellowish-white root developed from Turkic "sarï" 'yellow' (Tenisev: 2001, p. 144). "hara-ana and" Bashkir "harï-na" show the closest phonetic affinity with Sanskrit. The original meaning is preserved in Chuvash "šură" ("white, light colored; clean, uncontaminated"). 

Russian linguist is sure that the Soma cult was borrowed by the Indo-Iranians from the Andronovans and gave rise to the word stem "su- "("Haoma plant"). The Vedic tradition of and evidently adopted the cultic drink from the earlier Bronze Age religion of Central Asia. There are different theories about the further etymology of the word. According to one theory:
Another theory interprets the Soma/Haoma drink as an ""offering to gods"" (via Chinese "shuma" and "Sun" 蓀) which is associated with the Turkic origins of the in c. 1046 BC. This theory suggests that Soma:
A last option derives the word :
The most ancient forms for garlic plants seem to have been preserved in Siberian Turkic and Mongolian dialects, since they show typical signs of ("l~r") and initial ("k/h~s/š") which are ancestral to all Indo-European forms: Altaian, "kalma", "xylba", Lebedinskij-Tatar, , "kalba" and Mongolian "xaliar".

Tokyo Juliet

Tokyo Juliet (or 東方茱麗葉 in Chinese) is a 2006 Taiwanese dramatic television series. It stars Ariel Lin and Wu Zun of the band Fahrenheit. The series is based on the manga of the same name by Miyuki Kitagawa.


Left Hand Path

Left Hand Path is a term used in occultism for one kind of spiritual path. It is the opposite of the Right Hand Path, which is what most people think of when they think of religion or spirituality.

The use of this term in occultism came from a term used in Hindu Tantra, "Vama marga" in Sanskrit. This ancient form of tantra used the breaking of rules (taboos) as part of the practice. Rules about diet and sex were broken on purpose. For example, rules against eating meat and drinking alcohol might be broken. Such a practice might require eating meat and drinking alcohol while having sex in a graveyard or cremation ground.

People who follow the Left Hand Path in the West are not interested in giving up pleasure or the world in order to be spiritual. They are not interested in worshiping God or following rules made up by others. They seek to gain power and freedom by breaking through taboos, fears and restrictions.

Many people link this term with Satanism and black magic, but they are not the same. The Left Hand Path is sometimes described as "amoral".



Wu Zun

"This is a Chinese name. The surname is Wu (吳)"

Wu Zun (traditional Chinese: 吳尊; simplified Chinese: 吴尊; pinyin: Wú Zūn) is a Brunei-born actor and singer. He is the only non-Taiwanese member of the boy band Fahrenheit. He is also known for his roles in the Taiwanese TV shows Hanazakarino Kimitachihe and Tokyo Juliet.

Born Goh Kiat Chun (traditional Chinese: 吳吉俊; Pinyin: "Wú Jí Jùn") in Brunei on 10 October 1979, Wu studied at the Chung Hwa Middle School in Bandar Seri Begawan. He later graduated from the RMIT University in Melbourne with a Bachelor's degree in Business Administration. Wu also played basketball for Brunei's national team . Before joining Fahrenheit (band), he was a model for "伊林 Yi Lin" in Taiwan and for "Diva Models" in Singapore. He manages a gym club called Fitness Zone in Brunei.

Wu was the last and oldest member to join Fahrenheit (band). He is the bass vocalist of the group. He also plays the drums. His personality is represented by a cool Autumn at 59 degrees on the Fahrenheit scale. He also represented by the word "Mysterious" (traditional Chinese: 神; Pinyin: shén).


Vamachara

Vamachara or Vama marga (Left-Hand Path) are technical terms used for practices in tantra that are considered to be outside the usual Hindu social norms. The term Dakshinachara (Right-Hand Path) is used to refer to Tantric sects that stay within these social norms.

Magick

Magick is an old way to spell the word "magic". This spelling was used by Aleister Crowley for occult magic of Thelema. He wanted to make it clear that he did not mean stage magic.

Crowley defined magick as "the science and art of causing change to occur in conformity with the will." By this, he included ordinary acts of will as well as acts of ritual magic.

It Is the Practice of dark magic signing part of your soul to the demons, for something you desire. 

Dolmen

A dolmen is a type of single-chamber megalithic tomb. It usually consists of three or more upright stones (megaliths) supporting a large flat horizontal capstone (table). 

Most date from the early Neolithic period (4000 BC to 3000 BC). Dolmens were usually covered with earth or smaller stones to form a barrow, though in many cases that covering has weathered away, leaving only the stone "skeleton" of the burial mound intact.

Sichuan

Sichuan (; ) is a province in western China with its capital at Chengdu. It is also informally called 蜀 (). Its Governor is Wei Hong and its CPC Ctte Secretary is Wang Dongming. With a population of 87,250,000 (2006), Sichuan is the third most populated administrative division of China. Sichuan used to be the province with the most people in China before Chongqing was separated from it, making Henan the most populous. However, when including migrants, Guangdong has more people than Henan.

The name 四川 () is an abbreviation of 四川路 (, translated as "Four circuits/subdivisions of rivers"), which is itself shortened from 川峡四路 (, translated as "Four circuits of rivers and gorges"). 

There are 18 subdivisions within Sichuan, including both prefecture-level cities and autonomous prefectures:

Most people living in Sichuan are Han Chinese. There are also Tibetans, Yi people, Qiang and Naxi in the western side.

The Li Bai Memorial (located at his birthplace, Zhongba Town of northern Jiangyou County) is a museum in memory of the Chinese poet of the Tang Dynasty, Li Bai. It was prepared in 1962 on the occasion of 1,200th anniversary of his death, completed in 1981 and opened to the public in October 1982. The memorial is built in the style of the classic garden of the Tang Dynasty.

Sichuan has a long history of folk and classical music. Sichuan opera is an ancient tradition that very is well-known. The Sichuan lantern drama is popular in Sichuan. The Sichuan Conservatory of Music in Chengdu is one of the oldest of musical education in China, having been established in 1939.

There is also religious music in Sichuan, played by Taoist priests in their temples.

Traditional Sichuan folk music is usually played with instruments such as the bamboo flute, pan and cymbals, gong and horn.

Sichuan cuisine has an international reputation for being hot and numbing (), because of the common ingredient of the Sichuan peppercorn ().

Some well-known Sichuan dishes include Kung Pao chicken () and Twice Cooked Pork ().

Most dialects of the Chinese language spoken in Sichuan, including the Chengdu dialect, are similar to the dialects of neighbouring provinces Yunnan, Guizhou and Chongqing Municipality.



UNESCO World Heritage Sites include:


Twice-cooked pork

Twice-cooked pork (, literally: "meat that has been returned to the wok") is probably the best-known Sichuan-style Chinese dish. Twice-cooked pork is cooked by boiling pork rib steak chunks in hot water with slices of ginger and salt first, then after being cut into thin slices, the pork is put back into a wok and shallow-fried in hot oil.

Twice-cooked pork is said to have started in the Qing Dynasty, while the Qianlong Emperor toured Sichuan. Qianlong wanted a feast at every stop that he made, and, when he arrived at one particular village, the villagers were very worried. The crops had not been harvesting well that year and there may not have been enough to host the emperor. They were worried that the emperor would do bad things to them if they did not give him a feast, so they quickly put the food they had not yet eaten back into the pot, cooked it again (thus "twice-cooking" them) and served the food to the emperor. To their surprise, the emperor enjoyed it, and so the "Twice Cooked Pork" became a famous Sichuan dish.

Common vegetables to add to twice-cooked pork are cabbage, peppers and garlic shoots. "Pixian", a thick broad-bean sauce, is also a common ingredient. 

Joseph

Joseph could mean:


Joseph (name)

Joseph [ joh-z"uh"f, -s"uh"f ] is a name from Hebrew language, written as . This is pronounced in standard Hebrew as Yosef, and in Tiberian Hebrew and Aramaic as . In Arabic the name is spelled or Yūsuf. The name can be translated from Hebrew as "the lord will increase." The name Joseph is used mostly in English and French-speaking countries. Some shortened versions and nicknames of Joseph include Joe, Joey and Jo. From 1925 to 1972 it was one of the top ten boys' names in the United States. This name was ranked #28 on the US Popular Names in 2021.




John Dee

John Dee (13 July 1527 – 1608 or 1609) was a well-known English mathematician, astronomer, astrologer, geographer, occultist, and consultant to Elizabeth I. He also studied alchemy, divination, and Hermetic philosophy.

Dee lived during a time when people were just learning the difference between science and magic. He was one of the most learned men of his time. He lectured to crowded halls at the University of Paris when still in his early twenties. Dee was an expert in mathematics, astronomy and navigation. He trained many of those who would go on voyages of discovery for England. In fact, he coined the term "British Empire".

At the same time, he was very interested in magic and Hermetic philosophy. He spent the last third of his life studying mostly these subjects. During his time, these subjects were not thought to be opposed to science. They were thought to be part of science.

He wrote "Monas Hieroglyphica" ("The Hieroglyphic Monad") in 1564 (about Kabbala and alchemy). He also wrote the preface to the first English translation of Euclid's works.

Jonathan Dee ( his real name) was born in London in a Welsh family. The last name Dee cames from the Welsh word "du", meaning "black". He graduated from St. John's College, Cambridge when he was eighteen. He was a founding fellow of Trinity College. He lectured for a little while at Cambridge. Then he left England to study in continental Europe and lecture in Paris and Louvain. He returned to England in the 1540s.

In 1555, he was arrested and charged with practicing black magic for having cast horoscopes of Queen Mary and Princess Elizabeth; the charges were expanded to treason against Mary. Dee appeared in the Star Chamber and cleared himself. When he was released, he became a scientific advisor to Queen Elizabeth, even deciding on the best date for her to be crowned in 1558.

He traveled to Europe with money from Elizabeth I. He was possibly acting as a spy for her. He became a close associate of many Elizabethan explorers and entrepreneurs such as Sir Humphrey Gilbert.

In 1564, Dee wrote the Hermetic work "Monas Hieroglyphica" ("The Hieroglyphic Monad") about a symbol of his own design which stood for the mystical unity of all creation. This work was highly valued by many people of Dee's time. However, there was a secret about it which has been lost. This makes the book hard to understand today.

He published a "Mathematical Preface" to Henry Billingsley's English translation of Euclid's "Elements" in 1570. He wrote about how important mathematics was for the other arts and sciences. Because this book was written for the public, it was Dee's most popular work.

Dee was not satisfied with his knowledge. In the early 1580s, he started to use supernatural ways to get more knowledge. He wanted to get knowledge from the angels.

He met Edward Kelly in 1582 and Kelly became his companion. Kelly was a convicted forger. Kelly helped Dee to get visions from angels using a crystal ball. The angels gave them a language called Enochian and dictated several books through Kelly. Dee's crystal ball ended up in the British Museum. It went unnoticed for many years in the mineral collection. Most of the still existing papers of Dee are also in the British Museum.

In 1583, while Dee was away in Europe, his home and library at Mortlake were destroyed by a mob. Later, Dee came to believe that many of his books had been stolen by former friends and associates. He asked Queen Elizabeth for help. She made him Warden of Christ's College, Manchester, in 1592. He remained in this position until 1604.

When Queen Elizabeth died in 1603, so did Dee's influence: he was forced to retire to his home at Mortlake where he died in poverty.

About ten years after his death, the antiquarian Robert Cotton found some of Dee writings, mostly records of Dee's communications with angels. Cotton's son gave these writings to the scholar Méric Casaubon, who published them in 1659 as "A True & Faithful Relation of What passed for many Yeers between Dr. John Dee (A Mathematician of Great Fame in Q. Eliz. and King James their Reignes) and some spirits."

This was how the public had heard about Dee's spiritual conferences. The book was very, very, popular and sold quickly. Because Casaubon wrote in his introduction that Dee was really dealing with evil spirits when he believed he was communicating with angels, Dee was thought of as a fool for some time.

Dee was married three times and had eight children. His eldest son was Arthur Dee. He was also an alchemist and Hermetic writer.


Burrow (Shropshire)

Burrow is a hill in Shropshire with an Iron Age hill fort at the top that is known as Burrow Camp. The nearest villages are Hopesay and Aston-on-Clun. It was possibly very important during the Iron Age as it has two natural springs.

Roy Keane

Roy Maurice Keane (born 10 August 1971 in Mayfield, Cork, Republic of Ireland) is a former Irish football player. He was the manager of English Championship club Ipswich Town. He played for Republic of Ireland national team. The best part of his career was twelve-years with Manchester United, in which between 1997 and 2005 he was captain.

12||1||||||||||||||12||1
440||55||55||2||14||0||82||14||591||71
10||1||||||||||||||10||1
462||57||55||2||14||0||82||14||613||73

!Total||67||9

Marilyn (hill)

A Marilyn is a mountain or hill in the British Isles (including Ireland) with a relative height of at least 150 metres (492 ft). The name was coined as an ironic contrast to the designation Munro, that is used of a Scottish mountain with a height of more than 3,000 feet, which is homophonous with (Marilyn) Monroe.

There are currently 1556 Marilyns identified in Great Britain and surrounding islands: 1218 in Scotland, 174 in England, 159 in Wales and 5 on the Isle of Man. 

Many of the largest hills are Marilyns, including Ben Nevis, Scafell Pike and Snowdon. On the other hand, many large hills, including some Munros, and other well-known hills are not Marilyns because they do not meet the relative height criterion, like Scafell, Bow Fell in the Lake District and four thousand footers Cairngorm and Aonach Mor in Scotland.


Munro

A Munro is a Scottish mountain with a height over 3,000 feet (914.4 metres). They are named after Sir Hugh Munro (1856–1919), who produced the first attempt at a catalogue of such hills, known as "Munro's Tables", in 1891.

Munro did not set any measure of relative height by which a peak qualified as a separate mountain, and much debate has since taken place over how distinct two hills must be if they are to be considered as two separate Munros.

Despite their modest height, walking and climbing in the Scottish mountains may be made dangerous by their latitude and exposure to Atlantic weather systems. Even in summer, conditions can be very bad; thick fog, strong winds, driving rain and freezing summit temperatures are not unusual.

Winter ascents of certain Munros are widely accepted to provide among the most challenging ice climbs in Europe. Some walkers are unprepared for the often extreme weather conditions on the exposed tops and many fatalities are recorded every year, often resulting from slips on wet rock or ice.


Topographic prominence

Topographic prominence is a way to measure the independence of a summit. It is often known simply as prominence. Some also call it autonomous height, relative height, shoulder drop (in the United States), or prime factor (in Europe). It is "the elevation difference between the summit and the lowest contour line encircling it and no higher summit".

Two related concepts in topography are col and parent peak. These are used to calculate the prominence. The parent peak is a higher mountain that is often (but not always) nearby. It is chosen using a variety of criteria. The col is the lowest point between two peaks. There may be several cols between a peak and its parent peak, since other peaks may be between the two. The highest of these cols is known as the key col. Prominence is measured as the difference in height between the summit and the key col.




Jamaica coalition

A Jamaica coalition was the name given to a possible coalition government of Germany.

The government would have been formed by the CDU/CSU, the FDP and The Greens.

Their party colours are black, yellow and green, the same colours as the flag of Jamaica.

A Jamaica coalition was most talked about after the 1995 election in Germany when the CDU/CSU only had a few more seats that the SPD, and needed more seats the its usual partner the FDP had in order to have a majority.

Rainbow body

The rainbow body in Buddhism is a body that is made of light, not flesh. The term is mostly used in the part of Tibetan Buddhism called Dzogchen.

According to Dzogchen, the rainbow body is a sign of complete mastery of the Dzogchen view. Tenzin Wangyal Rinpoche states: “The realized Dzogchen practitioner, no longer deluded by apparent substantiality or dualism such as mind and matter, releases the energy of the elements that compose the physical body at the time of death”.

Padmasambhava, who was the founder of Buddhism in Tibet, is often shown with the rainbow body on paintings known as .



Robert Anton Wilson

Dr Robert Anton Wilson (January 18, 1932 – January 11, 2007) was a futurist thinker, libertarian, and writer. He held a Ph.D in Psychology. At one time he was a writer for Playboy magazine.

Wilson was the author of the "Schrödinger's Cat" trilogy (1979). He also co-wrote (with Robert Shea) the "Illuminatus!" trilogy (1975), which took a humorous look at the American fear of conspiracies. These books mix true facts with fiction.

In "The Cosmic Trigger" (1976), he introduced Discordianism, Sufism, futurism, the Illuminati and other unusual subjects to the general public. He also worked with Timothy Leary to promote futurist ideas of space migration, life extension, and intelligence enhancement. 

Other fiction books by Wilson include "The Earth Will Shake" (1982) and "Reality Is What You Can Get Away With" (1996). His non-fiction books include "Quantum Psychology", "The New Inquisition" (1994), and other volumes of "The Cosmic Trigger." He and Miriam Joan Hill co-wrote "Everything Is Under Control: Conspiracies, Cults, and Cover-Ups" (1998), an encyclopedia of conspiracy theories.






Tara (Buddhism)

Tārā or Ārya Tārā, also known as Jetsun Dolma in Tibetan, is a female Buddha linked with Buddhist tantra practice in Tibetan Buddhism. She is called the "mother of liberation". She stands for success in work and achievements. 

Tārā is a tantric deity whose practice is used by followers of the Tibetan branch of Vajrayana Buddhism to develop their inner qualities and understand outer, inner and secret teachings about compassion and emptiness. Tārā is not found in the Japanese branch of Vajrayana Buddhism, Shingon.

There is more than one form of "Tārā". They have to do with different forms of the same quality. Bodhisattvas are often considered metaphors for Buddhist virtues.

The most widely known forms of Tārā are:


In some schools of Buddhism there are twenty-one Tārās. A practice text with the title "In Praise of the 21 Tārās" is recited during the morning in all four sects of Tibetan Buddhism.

The main Tārā chant or mantra is "Oṃ tāre tuttāre ture svāhā". This Sanskrit mantra is pronounced by Tibetans and Buddhists who follow the Tibetan traditions as "Oṃ tāre tu tāre ture soha".

Tara (Mahavidya)

In Hinduism, the Goddess Tara (Sanskrit: Tārā, Devanagari: तारा) meaning "star" is the second of the ten Mahavidyas or "Great Wisdom(Goddesse)s", Tantric manifestations of Mahadevi, Kali or Parvati. 

Tara

Tara could mean:


Theremin

The Theremin , (also thereminvox or aetherphone) is one of the first fully electronic musical instruments. It was invented by Russian inventor Léon Theremin in October 1920 after the outbreak of the Russian civil war. Its invention grew out of a search for ways to detect movement. It was the first musical instrument to be played without being touched. The control section has two metal antennae to sense the positions of the player's hands. One hand controls the pitch. The other hand controls the volume. To play the theremin, the player moves his hands around the two metal antennas. The electric signals from the theremin are amplified and sent to a loudspeaker.

The sound of the theremin is associated with "alien," surreal, and eerie-sounding portamento, glissando, tremolo, and vibrato sounds. It has been used in film soundtracks such as "Spellbound", "The Lost Weekend", "Ed Wood", "Mars Attacks!" and "The Day the Earth Stood Still". The BBC Radiophonic Workshop used the theramin to provide the electronic sounds in demand in the mid-century. Theremins are also used in art music (especially avant-garde and 20th century "new music") and in popular music genres such as rock and pop. The Russian Dmitri Shostakovich was one of the first to include parts for the theremin in orchestral pieces, including a use in his score for the 1931 film "Odna".



Terpsitone

The terpsitone was an electronic musical instrument invented by Léon Theremin. It consisted of a platform fitted with antennas, through and around which a dancer would control the musical performance. By most accounts, the instrument was nearly impossible to play. 

Theremin only built three of these instruments. Only the last one, made by Theremin in 1978 for Lydia Kavina, still exists today.



Fukurokuju

In Japan, Fukurokuju (福禄寿) (From Japanese "fuku", which means "happiness"; "roku", which means "richness"; and "ju", which means "long life") is one of the Seven Lucky Gods. He looks a lot like the Chinese star god Shou. Some people think that before becoming a god, he was a Chinese hermit and a reincarnation of a Taoist god. 

Usually shown as being bald, with long whiskers, people say he is a living form of the Southern Polestar. In many pictures, Fukurokuju has a strangely high forehead. He stands with a crane and a turtle, which are symbols of long life. He is also sometimes with a black deer. Ancient legends say a deer turns black if it is over 2000 years old.

He is the only member of the Seven Lucky Gods with the ability to bring the dead back to life.


Léon Theremin

Léon Theremin (born Lev Sergeyevich Termen, ) (August 15, 1896 – November 3, 1993) was a Russian inventor. He is most famous for his invention of the theremin, one of the first electronic musical instruments.

Léon Theremin was born in Saint Petersburg and his family had French ancestry.

He invented the theremin (also called the "thereminvox") in 1919, in the middle of the Russian Civil War. Theremin also invented the first electronic burglar alarm, which he called a "radio watchman".

Theremin moved to the United States, arriving December 30, 1927 with his first wife, Katia Constantinova. He performed on the theremin with the New York Philharmonic in 1928. He patented his invention in the United States in 1928 and granted commercial production rights to RCA. Theremin set up a laboratory in New York in the 1930s, where he developed the Theremin and experimented with other electronic musical instruments and other inventions.

Theremin was interested in a role for the Theremin in dance music. He developed performance locations that could automatically react to dancers' movements with varied patterns of sound and light. He worked with the American Negro Ballet. After the Soviet consulate had apparently demanded he divorce Katia, the inventor fell in love with and married the young prima ballerina Lavinia Williams. His marriage to the African-American dancer caused shock and disapproval in his social circles, but the couple remained together.

Theremin abruptly returned to the Soviet Union in 1938. At the time, the reasons for his return were not clear. Some claimed that he was simply homesick, while others believed that he had been kidnapped by Soviet officials. Beryl Campbell, one of Theremin's dancers, said his wife Lavinia "called to say that he had been kidnapped from his studio" and that "some Russians had come in" and that she felt that he was going to be spirited out of the country.

Theremin was put to work in a secret research and development laboratories in the Soviet Gulag labor camp system. Theremin created the "Buran" eavesdropping system which recorded conversations in French and American embassies by measuring the window glass vibrations using a low power infrared beam from a distance. Lavrentiy Beria, head of the KGB then used Buran to spy on US, British and French embassies.

In 1945 Theremin invented the first covert listening device (or "bug") for spying. Theremin's device was embedded in a carved wooden plaque of the Great Seal of the United States. On August 4, 1945, Soviet school children presented the bugged carving to U.S. Ambassador Averell Harriman, as a "gesture of friendship" to the USSR's World War II ally. It hung in the ambassador’s Moscow office until 1952, when the bug was discovered by a British radio operator who heard conversations on an open radio channel. The CIA found the device in the Great Seal carving. Peter Wright, a scientist and former MI5 counterintelligence officer, eventually figured out how it worked.

After his release from the labor camp in 1947, Theremin volunteered to remain working with the KGB until 1966. By 1947 Theremin had remarried, to Maria, and they had two children: Lena and Natalia.

After working for the KGB, Theremin worked at the Moscow Conservatory of Music for 10 years where he taught and built Theremins, electronic cellos and some Terpsitones. There he was discovered by a visiting New York Times correspondent, but when an article by Christopher Walker appeared, according to Lydia, the Vice President of the conservatory said "The people don't need electronic music. Electricity is for killing traitors in the electric chair", fired Theremin, closed his laboratory and had his instruments destroyed.

After 51 years in the Soviet Union Léon Theremin started travelling, first visiting France in June 1989 and then the United States in 1991, each time accompanied by his daughter Natalia, where he was reunited with Clara Rockmore who performed a number of concerts at this time. He also made a demonstration concert at the Royal Conservatory of The Hague in early 1993 before dying in Moscow in 1993 at the age of 97.

Léon Theremin is the subject of the documentary movie, "", written, directed, and produced by Steven M. Martin. The documentary was a winner at the Sundance Film Festival in 1994. The movie features legendary thereminists Clara Rockmore and Lydia Kavina as well as electronic instrument pioneer Robert Moog, Nicolas Slonimsky, The Beach Boys founder Brian Wilson, and Theremin himself.



Chappelle's Show

Chappelle's Show is an American comedy television series starring comedian Dave Chappelle. The show was created by Chappelle and Neal Brennan. It aired from 2003-2006 on Comedy Central. The show ran for two complete seasons plus three "lost episodes".

East Azarbaijan province

East Azarbaijan or East Azerbaijan (, "Āzarbāijān-e Sharqi"; ) is one of the 30 provinces of Iran. It is in the northwest of the country. It has borders with Armenia and the Republic of Azerbaijan, and the provinces of Ardabil, West Azarbaijan, and Zanjan. Its capital is Tabriz.

Clothing in Ancient Greece

Clothing in Ancient Greece was usually made out of big rectangular pieces of cloth. The cloth was sewn very little, or not at all. The cloth was then put around the body and held in place by belts, fibulae, or other fastenings. The cloth was made from linen or wool.

The peplos (plural: "peploi") was a garment worn by women of ancient Greece. The peplos was a large square piece of cloth. The cloth was then folded over to create a double layer, called "apoptygma", in the upper part of the body. The cloth is then folded around the body, and fastened over each shoulder. 
The "ionic" or "laconic peplos" was open on the side of the body, while the "doric peplos" was sewn shut like a tube. The peplos was worn in such a way that the opening was on the right side of the body. Usually a belt was worn over the peplos. The belt could be worn over or under the "apoptygma". 

In Greece, the peplos was mostly worn before the 5th century.

The chiton was made from a large square piece of cloth. It was worn by both women and men.

The "doric chiton" was very simple. It was made with a large piece of cloth (usually wool). The cloth was folded and put around the body. It was fastened on the shoulders using brooches and then allowed to fall into folds. A belt, often called a "gurdle", was worn around the waist to hold the dress in place.

The "ionic chiton" was sewn like a tube. The material, usually linen, was folded and sewn with holes left for the head and arms. A belt was also worn on the Ionic style to keep it in position and to make it fall into folds from the waist down.

The himation (plural: "himatia") was a big cloth that was used as a cloak. It was worn by both men and women. The himation was usually put from the back over the left shoulder; the other part of the himation was put under the right arm, and then around the front of the body. The himation was so long that it went down to the knees, or it could also be longer. 

The himation was usually made from a lighter cloth, so that it was used as a cloak against warm weather.

The chlamys (plural: "chlamydes") was a usually shorter cloak. It was a piece of cloth put over the left shoulder, and fastened over the right shoulder. The chlamys was typically worn by men or soldiers.

Women in Ancient Greece wore long dresses and cloaks. They wore the peplos and chiton, and the himation.

Cosmetics and make-up were not used in Ancient Greece. White lead was used to whiten the skin. White skin for women was seen as a sign of beauty. Juice made from alkanet roots was used to give the cheeks a rosy colour (like rouge). Eye shadow (probably made from ashes) was not used. Lipstick was not used. Perfumes were also important.

Men's clothing was even simpler than women's (if anything). The most important piece of clothing was a shorter version of the chiton, which was also belted at the waist. The top shoulder was often left bare if the man was exercising or doing hard work. The himation was also used, especially on long journeys. A long robe could also be worn with the right shoulder left uncovered. Men usually wore no clothes training for military reasons.They wore no clothes when exercising

At home people went without shoes, but in the streets or when travelling they wore leather sandals. These were very simple and usually made to measure - the man or woman went to the cobbler's shop and put his foot on a piece of leather, and the sole was cut out round the foot. The sole was attached to the foot by leather thongs tied across the instep and round the ankle.

West Azerbaijan province

West Azarbaijan or West Azerbaijan (, "Āzarbāijān-e Gharbī"; ; ) is one of the 30 provinces of Iran.

The province of West Azarbaijan covers an area of 39,487 km² (or 43,660 km² including Lake Urmia). The capital city of the province is Urmia. The majority of the population of the province consists of Azerbaijanis and Kurds with a smaller minority of Persians.

Azerbaijan (disambiguation)

Azarbaijan or Azerbaijan can mean:

Yulia Tymoshenko

Yulia Volodymyrivna Tymoshenko (, born 27 November 1960), is a Ukrainian politician. Tymoshenko is a member of the Verkhovna Rada since 2014. She is the leader of the Yulia Tymoshenko Bloc political party. She was the Prime Minister of Ukraine for two separate terms in 2005 and again from 2007 until 2010. 

Her first term as Prime Minister was from 24 January to 8 September 2005. She was re-elected on 18 December 2007 but was removed by the Ukrainian Parliament on 3 March 2010 after the government with her own political party and the political party of Viktor Yushchenko (former President of Ukraine) Our Ukraine and the small Lytvyn Bloc lost a no-confidence vote.

While they were once strong allies, today there is a lot of political rivalry between Yushchenko and Tymoshenko. When Viktor Yushchenko lost the 2004 Ukrainian presidential election, and his followers argued that the election had been corrupt, she was his main ally and one of the leaders of the Orange Revolution.

In February 2010 Tymoshenko lost the presidential election to Viktor Yanukovych; with a 3.48% difference, she said Yanukovych won because of fraud. She has promised to make life for the new President as difficult as possible.

She was an unsuccessful candidate for President of Ukraine in the 2019 presidential election.
On 11 October 2011 a Ukrainian judge sentenced Tymoshenko to seven years in prison for misusing her powers as Prime Minister when she signed a natural gas deal with Russia in 2009. She had been in prison for improper behaviour in court since 5 August 2011. Tymoshenko appealed against the sentence on 24 October 2011; she said the sentence was an act of revenge by Viktor Yanukovych (he has said it is not). The European Union and Russia protested against the sentence.

Tymoshenko was born in Dnipro, Ukrainian SSR, Soviet Union. She studied at Dnipro Polytechnic, Oles Honchar Dnipro National University and Kyiv National Economic University.

Tymoshenko's first name is sometimes spelled Yuliya, Yulia, Iulia, or Julia. In 1979, she married businessman Oleksandr Tymoshenko. They have a daughter, businesswoman Eugenia.


The Ring (2002 movie)

The Ring is a 2002 American supernatural horror movie set in Seattle. It stars Naomi Watts and Daveigh Chase. The story is from the 1998 Japanese movie Ringu, based on a 1991 book by Koji Suzuki. The Ring is about a woman who watches a videotape, and a curse is put on her. She then only has one week to find out a little girl's origin, and find out how to break the curse. A few days later, her son watches the tape. Now she has to take care of herself and prevent her son from being killed in a week.

Naomi Watts

Naomi Ellen Watts (born 28 September 1968) is an English actress. She played Rachel Keller in the horror movie "The Ring" (2002) and Ann Darrow in "King Kong" (2005).

On June 9, 2023, Watts married actor Billy Crudup.

Daveigh Chase

Daveigh Elizabeth Chase (born July 24, 1990) is an American voice actress and singer. She is most well known for her voice acting as Lilo in the movie "Lilo & Stitch" and the series "" and as Xeno in the TVNZ original animated series "Gleam Gamblers".

She was born Daveigh Elizabeth Chase-Schwallier in Las Vegas, Nevada. She is the daughter of John Schwallier and Cathy Chase. Her name is pronounced "Duh-Vay". She lived in Albany, Oregon, before moving to Los Angeles to become an actress. She still spends much of her time in Albany. Chases's interests include bodyboarding, riding horses, dancing, reading, and writing song lyrics.

Chase wanted to perform from a very early age. She began singing and dancing in her hometown at events and shows. One of the things that made her want to perform was watching videos of "Barney & Friends" when she was four years old. "I wanted to be like them, the kids on the video," she then became who worked mainly in commercials. At the age of 7, she was in a Campbells Soup advertisement. In 1998, she got a starring role as a child member of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (Mormons) in a musical theater production called "Utah!".

Chase's first movie role came in 1998 when she did the lead role as the voice of a Hawaiian girl, Lilo Pelekai, in the Disney animated movie, "Lilo & Stitch". Chase won an Annie Award for this in 2003. She went on to star in the Disney Channel television series based on the movie. In 2001, Chase did the role as the voice of the lead character, Chihiro Ogino, a 10 year old Japanese girl, in the American version of the animated Japanese movie, "Spirited Away". The movie won the 2002 Best Animated Feature Oscar.

In 2002, Chase played Samara Morgan in "The Ring". Chase was awarded the 2003 Best Villain award at the MTV Movie Awards. She beat out Mike Myers, Colin Farrell, Willem Dafoe and Daniel Day-Lewis. In the sequel to "The Ring", "The Ring Two" (2005), Chase was listed as playing Samara Morgan again. This was because they used parts of the first movie. Kelly Stables did all of the new scenes for Samara.

In 2014, Chase voiced the character Xeno in the English language New Zealand preschool animated series "Gleam Gamblers", in which she gave Xeno a optimistic sounding squeaky voice to match her cheerful and energetic personality with, Chase also voiced many other characters in "Gleam Gamblers" as well.

Chase's main other major movie and television credits between 2000-2005 were "Donnie Darko" (2001) as Donnie's younger sister, Samantha, and "Oliver Beene" (2003-2004), as Oliver's friend Joyce. Other credits include, "The Rats" (2002), "Carolina" (2003), "R.L. Stine's Haunted Lighthouse" (2003) in which she plays a flying ghost called Annabel, and "Beethoven's 5th" (2003). She also made guest appearances in "Touched By An Angel", "Charmed", "ER", "Family Law", and "The Practice".

In 2007, Chase was in the HBO drama series "Big Love". The series is about an FLDS polygamist, played by Bill Paxton, and his relationship with his 3 wives. Chase plays Rhonda Volmer, a girl who was going to be a child wife of a prophet, Roman Grant, who is played by Harry Dean Stanton. While making a second season of "Big Love", Chase also worked on a new animation series called "Betsy's Kindergarten Adventures". "Leroy & Stitch" (2006), a sequel to "Lilo & Stitch", has also been released.

In 1999, she joined a small band as lead singer. The band has been the opening act for Reba McEntire. She was picked by Steven Spielberg to sing "God Bless America" in "A.I.". This part was removed from the final version of the movie. She also sang "Holly Jolly Christmas" for the "School's Out! Christmas" album and "Tossin & Turnin" in the "Oliver Beene" episode "Oliver & Others". She also sings in many scenes in "Big Love".


Eurofighter Typhoon

The Eurofighter Typhoon is a jet fighter aircraft made by EADS, BAE Systems and Alenia Aeronautica with Eurofighter GmbH. It first flew in 1994 and was introduced in 2003. It uses canards and a delta wing which makes it agile and quick. It is called the "Eurofighter" because it was made by European countries, Italy, the United Kingdom, Germany, and Spain.

The countries that designed the Typhoon use it. Austria, Oman, Qatar, Kuwait and Saudi Arabia have also ordered it.

The Typhoon is 11 meters (36 feet) wide, 15 meters (49 feet) long, and 5.3 metres (17 ft) tall. It is 9,750 kilograms (21,495 lb) with nothing in it, and can weigh up to 21,000 kilograms (46,300 lb) with things in it. It has two EJ200 engines, which can each make 20,000 pounds (9,072 kilograms) of thrust each, and can go 2,125 kilometres per hour (1,320 mph). It carries a 27mm Mauser gun, and several missiles and bombs.

Courts of Germany

The judiciary, that is, the judges and Courts of Germany are independent. They are not controlled by the Federal Government or the State Governments. There are laws which say what sort of cases the courts can hear and pass judgment on, and what type of punishment a court can give. But no law or minister can say that a person is guilty. Only the courts can do this.

Courts give protection to ordinary people from bad governments, they are also protected from bad governments themselves.
Germany has had free courts for longer than it has been a democracy, although under the Nazis many judges ignored the law and did what the Nazi Party wanted. This is why they were tried at the Nuremberg Judges Trial

Germany is a "Rechtsstaat". That means it is a government based on law. All citizens are guaranteed to be equal, and government decisions can be challenged in court.

No law or minister can say that a person, or group of people is guilty.

Federal law sets out the structure of the judiciary. Running courts is up to the Länder. The Länder ("States of Germany") are run the lower levels of the court system; only the highest courts are paid for by the federal government.

This federal-Land split means that the Federation (that is, the Federal Government) can make sure laws are enforced equally throughout the country, because it says what courts must be set up. The Länder administer the courts, and this stops the federal government from being able to order the courts to do things, or to appoint the judges. This helps keep the courts independent.

Germany has a system of Roman law. This is different from the United States and England which use the common law.

In a common law system courts rely on "precedents" (what was decided in similar cases earlier) . In Germany, courts look to a comprehensive system of legal codes. The codes set out legal principles or basic ideas, and have to decide each case by comparing the facts of the case to those principles, not to what another judges decided earlier.

Because the legal codes are very important and complicated, judges must be very well trained.

Judges are not chosen from practicing lawyers, as in the UK and USA. Instead being a judge is a separate career

At the end of their legal education at university, all law students must pass a state examination before they can continue on to an apprenticeship that provides them with broad training in the legal profession over two years. They then must pass a second state examination that qualifies them to practice law. After the second exam a person must choose either to be a lawyer or to be a judge.

Those who choose to be a judge start working at courts immediately. However they are on "probation" (a temporary training period) for up to four years before being appointed as judges for lifetime.

Germany has three types of courts.

The are four levels of ordinary courts:


Specialized courts deal with administrative, labor, social, fiscal, and patent law.

The is a Federal Patents Court in Munich adjudicates disputes relating to industrial property rights. Patents are a federal issue, so now state courts have been set up.

Each Land has a state constitutional court. These courts are administratively and financially independent from any other government body. For instance, a Land constitutional court can write its own budget and hire or fire employees.

These courts hear cases where the constitution and the rights it gives are in question.

For example, a criminal case might be appealed from the Bundesgerichtshof if a persons human rights are involved.

The Federal Constitutional Court, the "Bundesverfassungsgericht", can check that the way other courts look at the law to make sure they do not forget these basic rights. Sometimes the Federal Constitutional Court has overturned the decisions of other federal courts.

The "Bundesverfassungsgericht" protects people's rights under the constitution in another way. It is the only court that can ban a political party, if it is acting or says it will act against the constitution.

Flag of Denmark

The Flag of Denmark, the Dannebrog is red with a white Scandinavian cross. It is the oldest flag in the entire world.

The flag is supposed to have fallen from the sky during a battle in 1219 in Estonia. The Danes were about to lose the battle when this sign from above gave the warriors new energy, and made them win. 

In reality the Dannebrog of 1219 was most likely a crusade banner - the war in 1219 was a crusade against the Estonians, who were not Christians. 

The battle took place in the 15th of June, and every year the flags birthday is celebrated on this day. 

In some countries the flag is a symbol of the state. In Denmark the Dannebrog is very much a symbol of the people, and the flag is used for all kinds of private celebrations - such as birthdays, weddings and Christmas. For Danes the Dannebrog is a sign of happiness and celebration and not of patriotism.

Danish krone

The Danish krone is the money used in Denmark and Greenland. 100 "øre" are 1 "krone". It first became the national currency in 1873 when it replaced the "rigsdaler". Krone is the Danish word for crown. The plural of krone is kroner.


Coat of arms of Denmark

The coat of arms of Denmark consists of three crowned blue lions with nine red hearts, all in a golden shield.

The seal of King Canute VI of Denmark is the oldest known example of the coat of arms of Denmark. It is from around 1190.

Until around 1960 Denmark also had a large coat of arms. Both were used by the government. In 1959, the large coat of arms changed status and became the royal coat of arms - that is a coat of arms for the king and the royal family. The large coat of arms is inspired by one which was designed in 1819 and adopted by King Frederik VI.

The large coat of arms is made up of symbols representing all parts of the Danish kingdom - or to be precise: only territories that are still part of the Kingdom of Denmark. In the coat of arms shown to the left the upper left part of the shield (the three lions) represents Denmark. In the lower part the three crowns (only two are visible) represents Sweden, this is for historic reasons. The polar bear represents Greenland and the ram represents the Faroe Islands. The two lions in the upper right side represents the principality of Slesvig. Until 1972, it also included other symbols representing principalities in Germany and parts of present-day Sweden that used to be ruled by the Danish king.

In 1972 when King Frederik IX died and Margrethe II became queen the coat of arms of the royal family was redesigned, and today it is only made up of symbols representing the current parts of the Danish Kingdom.

Monteggio

Monteggio was a municipality in Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland. On 18 April 2021, the former municipalities of Croglio, Monteggio, Ponte Tresa and Sessa merged to form the new municipality of Tresa.


Morbio Superiore

Morbio Superiore was a municipality in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland in the hills above Chiasso. It is in the district of Mendrisio. On 25 October 2009, the former municipalities of Bruzella, Cabbio, Caneggio, Morbio Superiore, Muggio and Sagno merged into the new municipality of Breggia.

Der er et yndigt land

"Der er et yndigt land" (, meaning "There is a Lovely Land") is one of the two national anthem of Denmark. The melody of this song was created by Hans Ernst Krøyer in 1835, and the words of the song were written by Adam Oehlenschläger in 1819.

Denmark has another national anthem called "Kong Christian stod ved højen mast," which is usually used for royal and military purposes.

Morcote

Morcote is a municipality of the district Lugano in the Swiss canton of Ticino. It is on the shore of Lake Lugano, about from Lugano in the district of Lugano.


Mosogno

Mosogno was a municipality of the district Locarno in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland. On 10 April 2016, the former municipalities of Gresso, Isorno, Mosogno and Vergeletto merged to form the municipality of Onsernone.

Muggio

Muggio was a municipality of the district Mendrisio in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland. On 25 October 2009, the former municipalities of Bruzella, Cabbio, Caneggio, Morbio Superiore, Muggio and Sagno merged into the new municipality of Breggia.

Muralto

Muralto is a municipality of the district Locarno, in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.


Muzzano, Ticino

Muzzano is a municipality of the district Lugano, in the canton of Ticino, Switzerland. Lago di Muzzano is named after the village.

Yulia Tymoshenko Bloc

The Yulia Tymoshenko Bloc (; ) is a Ukrainian electoral alliance led by the politician Yulia Tymoshenko, current Prime Minister of Ukraine.

The alliance is especially popular in the West and Center of Ukraine but is also the only "Orange party" (Yulia Tymoshenko was an important player in the Orange Revolution) winning votes in the East and South of Ukraine where the Orange Revolution was not popular.

The bloc consists of:


Robert Indiana

Robert Indiana (born as Robert Clark; September 13, 1928 – May 19, 2018) was an American artist. He was known for being a part of the pop art movement. He was born in New Castle, Indiana.

Indiana moved to New York City in 1954 and joined the pop art movement. Indiana's work often has bold, simple, iconic images, especially numbers and short words like "EAT", "HUG", and "LOVE". His sculpture in the lobby of Taipei 101, called "1-0" (2002, aluminum), uses multicolored numbers.

After the September 11, 2001 attacks, Indiana made a series of "Peace Paintings", which were shown in New York in 2004.

Indiana died on May 19, 2018 in Vinalhaven, Maine of respiratory failure at the age of 89.

Indiana's best known image is the word "love" in upper-case letters, arranged in a square with a tilted letter "O". This image was first created for a Christmas card for the Museum of Modern Art in 1964. It was put on an eight-cent US Postal Service postage stamp in 1973, the first of their regular series of "love stamps."

Sculptures of the image can be found at many places in the United States: 

Sculptures of the image can also be found at many places outside of the United States:
An Indiana sculpture showing the Hebrew word for love "(ahava)" is displayed at The Israel Museum in Jerusalem, Israel.

Noam Chomsky

Avram Noam Chomsky (born December 7, 1928) is an American linguist, philosopher, political activist, author, and lecturer. He is an Institute Professor and professor emeritus of linguistics at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.

Chomsky created the theory of generative grammar. This is one of the most important contributions to the field of linguistics made in the 20th century. He also helped start the cognitive revolution in psychology through his review of B. F. Skinner's "Verbal Behavior". He challenged the behaviorist way of looking at behavior and language. This was the main approach used in the 1950s. His natural approach to the study of language also changed the philosophy of language and mind. He also invented the Chomsky hierarchy, a way of looking at formal languages in terms of their power to explain language.

According to the Arts and Humanities Citation Index in 1992, Chomsky was cited as a source more often than any other living scholar during the 1980–1992 time period. He was the eighth-most cited scholar in any time period.

In the 1960s he criticized the Vietnam War. Because of that, Chomsky became more widely known for his media criticism and politics. He is a key intellectual figure within the left wing of United States politics. Chomsky is widely known for his political activism, and for his criticism of capitalism and the foreign policy of the United States and other governments. Chomsky often calls himself a libertarian socialist and an anarcho-syndicalist, and he has talked and written extensively on these subjects. He is a member of the Industrial Workers of the World, following his father William Chomsky who was also a member.

In late 2015, Chomsky announced his support for Vermont U.S. senator Bernie Sanders in the upcoming 2016 United States presidential election.



Neggio

Neggio is a municipality of the district Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.

Novaggio

Novaggio is a municipality of the district Lugano, in the canton of Ticino, Switzerland.


Novazzano

Novazzano is a municipality of the district Mendrisio in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.

Olivone

Olivone was a municipality of the district Blenio in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.

In 2005, the people in charge of the cantons said that Olivone would merge with 4 other villages to become a new municipality of Blenio.


Onsernone

Onsernone is a municipality of the district of Locarno in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.

Onsernone was created in 1995 when the municipalities of Comologno, Crana and Russo joined together to become Onsernone. On 10 April 2016, the former municipalities of Vergeletto, Gresso, Mosogno and Isorno merged into Onsernone.


Barracks

Barracks are a group of military buildings where soldiers live and sleep. Barracks can be made stronger with sandbags or with barbed wire fences. Sometimes they are built underground. They have been used for many years by many countries in many wars.

Barrack (disambiguation)

Barrack can mean:


Jacob Obrecht

Jacob Obrecht (born Ghent, 1457 or 1458; died late July, 1505) was a composer from the south Netherlands. He was one of the greatest composers of his time. He is best known for his church music, including many masses as well as motets and songs.

Obrecht's father was a trumpeter. His mother died when he was about 2 years old and his father remarried. We know nothing about Obrecht's musical education. He may have learned to play the trumpet like his father, who worked for the Burgundian court. Perhaps his father introduced him to people at the court, such as the famous composer Antoine Busnois. He certainly must have known Busnois' music.

From 1480 to 1484 he was a choirmaster at Bergen-op-Zoom. Then he got a very good job as choirmaster at Cambrai Cathedral. However, a year later he took another job in Bruges. He wrote a lot of church music during his years in Bruges. He travelled to Italy and went to the town of Ferrara where a lot of famous musicians worked. He stayed there for several months. This may have been the reason why he then lost his job in Bruges. His next job was in Antwerp where he worked from 1492 to 1498. He then got his old job back in Bruges. From 1501 to 1503 he once again worked at Antwerp where he was choirmaster at the church of Our Lady. In 1504 he got the job of maestro di cappella at Ferrara, but the following year he died of the plague.

Obrecht composed extremely quickly. He is supposed to have written one of his masses in one night. This was different to Josquin des Prez who spent a long time composing his pieces and making changes to them before he let anyone have copies. Obrecht was influenced by the music of Busnois and Ockeghem. Obrecht himself was a big influence on Josquin, even though Josquin was older than Obrecht.

In recent years musicologists have studied Obrecht's music a lot and made many discoveries, including the correct dates for many of his works.

Antoine Busnois

Antoine Busnois (pronounce "AN-twun bew-NWAH") (also spelt Busnoys) (born about 1430; died 6 November 1492) was a French composer and poet of the early Renaissance Burgundian School. He wrote church music, such as motets, as well as secular (non-religious) chansons. He was the most important composer of the late Burgundian school after the death of Guillaume Dufay.

We do not know where Busnois was born. It might have been in the tiny village of Business in the Artois district. Maybe he took his name from the village.

Nothing is known about his musical education. We know that he got into trouble in 1461 because he was said to be in a group of people who beat up a priest on five occasions. At that time he was a chaplain in Tours cathedral. While the attack was being investigated he went to mass. This led to him being excommunicated, but later the pope pardoned him.

In 1465 he moved from the cathedral to the collegiate church of St. Martin, also in Tours, where he became a subdeacon. Johannes Ockeghem was treasurer there, and the two composers seem to have known each other well. Later in 1465 Busnois moved to Poitiers, where he not only became "maîtrise" (master of the choirboys), but managed to get lots of good singers from the region. By this time he was famous as a singing teacher and composer. However he left the job for some reason in 1466 and then moved to Burgundy.

By 1467 Busnois was a composer at the court of Burgundy. Soon Charles the Bold was on the throne. Charles fought many wars, and sometimes took Busnois and other musicians on his military journeys. In 1477 Charles was killed at the Battle of Nancy. Busnois continued to work for the Burgundian court until 1482. Nothing is known about what he did after that. He died in 1492.

He was very well known as a composer and his music was sung in many parts of Europe. 
He was the probably the best-known musician in Europe between the time of Guillaume Dufay and Johannes Ockeghem. 

Busnois wrote sacred and secular music. It is likely that a lot of his music is now lost. Two of his masses and eight motets have survived. The style of his music is somewhere between the simple homophonic music of Dufay and Binchois, and the more elaborate imitation of Josquin..

Busnois may have been the composer of the famous tune "L'homme armé", one of the most popular tunes of the Renaissance. The tune was often used as a cantus firmus for mass composition. He may have been the very first composer to write a mass based on "L'homme armé". This mass was a big influence on many composers.

Busnois is remembered today for many of his chansons (French secular songs). Some of the tunes were used by later composers in their masses.


Assassin's Creed

Assassin's Creed is an award-winning historical third person, stealth action-adventure video game developed by Ubisoft for the PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 consoles. It was released in November 2007. A PC version of the game was released in 2008.

The game started a franchise of graphic novels, comics, apparel as well as sequel games including Assassin's Creed II, and more. The newest ones are and , which were both release on November 11, 2014.

The story is about a bartender, Desmond Miles, who is kidnapped and placed in a machine, called an "Animus" (plural "Animi"), which reads genetic memories and puts them on a screen in 3D. Desmond is forced against his will to relive the memories of his ancestor Altaïr Ibn-La'Ahad (first name pronounced "Al-ti-ear") who lived in during the Third Crusade. The player must play as Altaïr as he attempts to regain his status as a Master Assassin in the Assassin Order by taking nine Templar lives. The Assassins being the mortal enemy of the Templars who are wanting to 
use mind control in order to have complete control of society. The Assassins want to preserve free will, and with the gift of freedom creating tools like swords, crossbows, knives, axes, tomahawk, bow and arrow, AK-47, hidden blades, kill the Templars who oppress them with the government mind control. 
The Templars later own Abstergo industries.
While in modern day segments the player, as Desmond, must discover who Abstergo Industries (the company who kidnapped him) is, and why the Assassin's and Templars are fighting eachother. The story focuses on finding an object called a "Piece of Eden" which can control other people supernaturally.


The Undertaker

Mark William Calaway (born March 24, 1965) is a retired American professional wrestler. He is most well known by the name (The) Undertaker. He worked for World Wrestling Entertainment from 1990 to present, where he's a former three-time World Heavyweight Champion and four-time WWE Champion.
He made his debut with Dallas, Texas based World Class Championship Wrestling. In 1988 he joined USWA.
He began working for the WWE at the Survivor Series pay-per-view in 1990 on Ted DiBiase's team. His team won the match, though The Undertaker was eliminated by count-out. Undertaker did not lose a match that entire year. He also won the WWF Championship. Soon after, he suffered his first championship loss after a match against Hulk Hogan for the title.

Undertaker has a 25-2 record at WrestleMania



<nowiki>*</nowiki> PWI Feud of the Year with The Ultimate Warrior 1991.

<nowiki>*</nowiki> Mankind in a Hell in a Cell match at King of the Ring vs PWI Match of the Year.


<br>

Sinology

Sinology is studying Chinese language(s) and culture along with the connection and comparison between China and other Asian cultures. "Sino-" etimologically Greek "Σίνα", China, and -logy from "-λογία", "treatise", "study", "science".

Patriarch

A patriarch was the head of an extended family, originally. 

Today, the word is mostly taken to have a meaning within Christianity. There, the word is used to refer to the highest-ranking Bishops of the respective churches, that is the Oriental Orthodox Church, the Eastern Orthodox Church, the Roman Catholic Church and the Assyrian Church of the East


Intellectual

An intellectual is a person who uses his or her intellect and critical thinking skills to work, study, reflect, or ask and answer questions about a wide variety of different ideas. Intellectuals are often times authors, artists, writers for newspapers, and college professors.

There are some people who do not like intellectuals because they are not traditional or practical. This is called "anti-intellectualism".


List of The Simpsons episodes

The Simpsons is an American animated sitcom. It was created by Matt Groening for the Fox Broadcasting Company. The series is a satirical parody of a middle class American lifestyle epitomized by its eponymous family, which consists of Homer, Marge, Bart, Lisa and Maggie. The show is set in the fictional town of Springfield, and lampoons American culture, society and television, and many aspects of the human condition. The family was conceived by Groening shortly before a pitch for a series of animated shorts with producer James L. Brooks. Groening created a family and named the characters after members of his own, substituting Bart for his own name. The shorts became a part of "The Tracey Ullman Show" on April 19, 1987. After a three-season run, the sketch was developed into a half-hour prime time show and was an early hit for Fox.

"The Simpsons" holds several American television longevity records. It is the longest-running prime time animated series and longest-running sitcom in the United States. In May 2007, "The Simpsons" reached its 400th episode at the end of the eighteenth season. The year 2007 marked the twentieth anniversary of "The Simpsons" franchise. With its twenty-second season (2010–2011) concluded, the series has surpassed "Gunsmoke" in seasons to claim the spot as the longest-running American prime-time scripted television series. However, "Gunsmoke"'s episode count of 635 episodes far surpasses "The Simpsons". 2009 marked the 20th anniversary of the half-hour series. Episodes of "The Simpsons" have won dozens of awards, including 27 Emmy Awards (with ten for Outstanding Animated Program), 27 Annie Awards and a Peabody Award.

Since its debut on December 17, 1989 the show has broadcast 574 episodes and the twenty-sixth season began airing on September 28, 2014. "The Simpsons Movie", a feature-length film, was released in theaters worldwide on July 26 and July 27, 2007, and grossed US$526.2 million worldwide. Currently, the first fourteen seasons are available on DVD in Regions 1, 2 and 4 with the twentieth season released on both DVD and Blu-ray on January 12, 2010 in Region 1 and on January 20, 2010 in Region 4.

The list is ordered by when the episodes were first shown on television. It does not include "The Tracey Ullman Show" shorts.




Robosexuality

Robosexuality is where a person is sexually attracted to machines, such as robots. The word "robosexuality" comes from combining the words "robot" and "sexual". Robosexuality is different from mechanophilia and technosexuality, but they can still be interconnected. A person who is sexually attracted to robots can be referred to as a robosexual. A person who is robosexual may have different gender preferences than another person who is "Robosexual". 

Robosexuality can be used an umbrella term to describe the sexual attraction to robots of any kind, whether they are humanlike or not. Many prefer a robot with conscience and emotion, or even the illusion of it. 

Roughly 50% of all the robots in the world are in Asia, 32% in Europe, and 16% in North America, 1% in Australia and 1% in Africa.

40% of all robots in the world are found in Japan.

In Japan and South Korea, ideas of future robots have been mainly positive. The number of robots in Japan means more people in Japan are likely to have a love of gadgets. Manga and anime series in both countries often show love or sex between robots and humans. This would mean more robosexuality.

Japanese religious beliefs allow the idea that robots have souls. This also makes the idea of love between humans and robots more acceptable or ordinary.

The idea of physical sexuality is less accepted in the west than in Japan. Western societies are more likely to be against, or even fear the development of robots. This is because a lot of films and books show robots as replacing humans instead of helping them.

'RealDoll' is a life-size sex-doll sold in America, that can be sold with robotic implants. People who feel sexually attracted, or have sex with these, are robosexual. However, one important thing to notice is that this American machine does not move and think by itself, unlike their Japanese and South Korean counterparts.


Rye

Rye is a type of grass, usually grown as a grain or forage crop (meaning that it is fed to animals). It is a member of the wheat family of plants and is similar to wheat and barley. It is used to make flour, food for animals, and many types of alcoholic drinks.

Rye has not always been a plant humans can use. It was originally a wild plant. There are several wild plants in Turkey that are similar to rye.

Since the Middle Ages, rye has been used widely in Central and Eastern Europe. In these parts of the world, it is still one of the main ingredients in making bread. However, the number of people and businesses using rye is becoming lower. Rye is usually sold to buyers near to where it is grown.

Rye can be planted to feed animals or can be harvested for hay (dry grass). Rye is a strong plant that can survive in soil with a high or low pH. This means it can survive even if the soil is very acidic or alkaline. Other plants may struggle to survive in these pH levels.

Rye has been used to make many foods for humans. It includes rye breads, like pumpernickel, a popular bread in north and east Europe. It has also been used to make some alcoholic drinks, such as rye whiskey.

List of environment topics

This is a list of topics about the natural environment.


Sensitivity

Sensitivity can mean:
Psychology:

Science:

Finance:

Music:

Highly sensitive person

A highly sensitive person (HSP) is very easily affected by things. They are said to have a 'high sensitivity' (or "innate sensitiveness" as Carl Gustav Jung originally called it). 

According to some researchers, highly sensitive people are about one fifth of the population. They process sensory data much more deeply and thoroughly because their nervous systems are biologically different. This is a specific trait with key effects that have often been confused with shyness, inhibitedness, fearfulness, introversion, as well as other effects. The existence of innate sensitivity was shown using a test. The term is mainly used to describe humans, but may also describe animals.

Pixies

Pixies are an American alternative rock band. The band started in 1986. They broke up in 1993, but they started to play together again from 2004 to the present. There are four members in the band: Black Francis (vocals, rhythm guitar), Joey Santiago (lead guitar), Kim Deal (bass guitar, vocals), and David Lovering (drums).

Pixies' band members came together during the mid-1980s. Joey Santiago and Frank Black met at the University of Massachusetts Amherst, where they were students. Santiago introduced Black to new music, such as David Bowie.

In 1985, they decided to create a band. Kim Deal joined on bass guitar after answering an advertisement in a Boston newspaper. The band's musical style was influenced by bands such as Hüsker Dü. David Lovering, the drummer and a friend of Deal, joined in late 1985.

The band released their first album, "Come on Pilgrim", in 1987. The released one album every year from 1987-1991. Although they were not very successful in the USA, they were popular for alternative rock fans in Europe. In 1988, they recorded a session with British radio DJ John Peel because he felt they were a good band.

The band had many problems, with band members disagreeing on certain issues. In 1989, the band nearly asked Kim Deal to leave because of her laziness. She was also trying to take more control as a songwriter. These problems got worse and in 1993, they split up.

Pixies influenced many bands that were more successful, such as Nirvana and OK Go.

They re-united and went on a tour in 2004-2005. However, they have yet to release a new album.

The lyrics to Pixies' songs are well known for being unusual. The band are also well known for combining loud music with more quiet melodies, and for combining pop with rock.



Dance-punk

Dance-punk (also known as disco-punk or punk-funk) is a music genre that started in the late 1970s, and is closely related to the post-punk and No Wave movements. Groups, such as !!! and The Rapture are examples of Dance-punk. 
The Dance-punk genre has become popular again since it started as part of New York's underground scene from 1978 to 1982. The influence of bands like Talking Heads, Liquid Liquid, ESG, and Blondie can be heard throughout the genre.


LG Prada

The LG KE850, also named The LG Prada Phone, is a mobile phone manufactured by LG Electronics and designed by Prada. It was first announced on 12 December 2006. An official press release showing an image of the device appeared on 18 January 2007.



Prices are expected to start from 600 Euros.

LG Electronics says that the iPhone's design was copied from the LG Prada. Woo-Young Kwak, head of LG Mobile Handset R&D Center, said at a press conference:

“We think that Apple copied the LG Prada phone after it was shown in the iF Design Award and won the prize in September 2006.”

LG later claimed that Apple stole both the ideas and concept of the Prada phone. A lawsuit by LG had been rumored prior to this announcement; however, LG has remained silent on whether or not they will file a lawsuit.


Other designer phones:


Cloverfield

Cloverfield is a 2008 science fiction monster movie about a giant monster that attacks New York City. The movie was filmed to look like it was done by a personal camera. It is produced by J. J. Abrams and directed by Matt Reeves.



Tilly and the Wall

Tilly and the Wall is an indie pop group from Omaha, Nebraska. Their name came from a children's book called "Tillie and the Wall", written by Leo Lionni. They are noted for having a tap dancer, Jamie Pressnall, instead of a drummer.





Origlio

Origlio is a municipality of the district Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland. Lago di Origlio is found in this municipality.


Orselina

Orselina is a municipality of the district Locarno in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.


Osco

Osco was a municipality of the district Leventina in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland. On 1 April 2012, the former municipalities of Anzonico, Calpiogna, Campello, Cavagnago, Chironico, Mairengo and Osco merged to form the municipality of Faido.


Osogna

Osogna was a municipality of the district Riviera in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland. On 2 April 2017, the former municipalities of Cresciano, Iragna, Lodrino and Osogna merged to form the new municipality of Riviera.

Palagnedra

Palagnedra was a municipality of the district Locarno in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland. Lago di Palagnedra is found below the village, on the Melezza river. On 25 October 2009, the former municipalities of Borgnone, Intragna and Palagnedra merged into the municipality of Centovalli.

Lago di Palagnedra

Lago di Palagnedra is a lake at Palagnedra, Ticino, Switzerland. The lake has a volume of . Its surface area is .


Moulin Rouge!

Moulin Rouge! is a 2001 Academy Award-winning Australian-American romantic drama musical movie directed by Baz Luhrmann. It stars Nicole Kidman and Ewan McGregor. The movie is set in Paris, France in 1900. It tells the story of a young British writer called Christian, who falls in love with an actress called Satine, the leading lady of the famous nightclub, the Moulin Rouge.

"Moulin Rouge!" was mostly filmed at Fox Studios in Sydney, Australia. It was nominated for eight Oscars. It won two; for art direction and costume design. In 2006 it was ranked #25 on the American Film Institute's list of best musicals.

The "Moulin Rouge" is a famous nightclub with a cabaret (or dance show). The name "Moulin Rouge" means "Red Windmill". In the late 1800s there was a real windmill where the nightclub stands near Montmartre in Paris. Now there is a large model of a windmill on the roof of the building. Since 1889 this nightclub has been famous for its dancing, in particular for the "can-can", a very lively dance in which the dancers, wearing long frilly skirts, kick their legs very high and show their underwear. (In the 1890s, women wore long dresses, to their ankles.) Even though this entertainment was not thought of as very polite, it was very popular and the "can-can" became a symbol of Paris. The "Moulin Rouge" is still very popular.
The word Bohemian was first used in Paris to mean a gypsy because many people thought that gypsies came from Bohemia. The word was then used for poor artists and writers, who often travelled to Paris from other towns and tried to earn money by their painting or writing. Paris was a famous city for both painters and writers to gather, to learn from each other and to enjoy the life of the city. Many of them lived at Montmartre, not far from the "Moulin Rouge". One of the most famous painters to live in Montmartre was Henri Toulouse-Lautrec. He loved to paint the can-can dancers and prostitutes. He did many posters to advertise the nightclubs. The posters are now famous works of art.

"La bohème" means "the Bohemian". It is the name of a famous opera written by Giacomo Puccini. It is about a young man who lives in a group of poor artists and writers, and who meets and falls in love with a beautiful girl. The opera is very well known and Baz Luhrmann deliberately used parts of the story in his movie. The plot of the movie is very much like another opera called "La traviata" written by Giuseppe Verdi. It is also thought that Luhrmann may have got the idea to make "Moulin Rouge!" after watching "Dil Se". This movie was made in 1998 and directed by Mani Ratnam. It is a love story set in India.

There have been four previous movies called "Moulin Rouge". The earliest was a silent movie made in 1928. The latest was made in 1956 and was about the life of the painter, Toulouse-Lautrec. Baz Luhrmann used Toulouse-Lautrec as an important character in his movie.

Baz Luhrmann had directed another movie in which a love story is set against a background of dance, costumes and colourful scenes. This is "Strictly Ballroom" made in 1992. In "Moulin Rouge!", he chose the colourful life of Paris in a time often called "the Naughty Nineties" as a background. But Lurhmann's plan was not to make a movie about history. He wanted to make a movie that the people of today would enjoy, just as much as the people of Paris had enjoyed the can-can in the 1890s. So Luhrmann did not use the music, dance-styles and lighting of the 1890s. He used popular modern music that young people already knew, and he used modern lighting, special effects and costume ideas to create a movie that young people would think was very entertaining.

Kate Winslet, Charlize Theron, Renee Zellweger, and Catherine Zeta-Jones were all thought of for the part of Satine. Courtney Love was almost cast in the role, but lost out to Kidman at the last minute because Luhrmann felt that Love would not fit into the movie well. Heath Ledger, Hugh Jackman, and Russell Crowe were all considered for the part of Christian.

Production on the movie began in November 1999 and was finished in May 2000, with a budget of just over $50 million. Nicole Kidman reportedly wasn't interested in doing the musical until she heard Baz Luhrmann would be directing it. Filming generally went smoothly, with the only major problem being when Nicole Kidman injured her knee while filming one of the more complicated dance sequences. The production also overran in its shooting schedule and had to be out of the Fox Studios in Sydney to make way for "" (in which Ewan McGregor also starred). This meant some parts had to be filmed in Madrid, Spain.


The movie is set in the year 1900. Christian (played by Ewan McGregor) is a British writer who came to the village of Montmartre in Paris in 1899, when the Bohemian movement was at its most popular. He sits in a flat looking down on the closed-down theatre called the Moulin Rouge while writing on a typewriter. The story he is writing is about the woman he loved, Satine (played by Nicole Kidman).

In 1899, Christian arrives in Paris, and makes friends with a group of Bohemians who visit the Moulin Rouge regularly. They are trying to produce a musical called "Spectacular Spectacular", which the owner of the Moulin Rouge, Harold Zidler (played by Jim Broadbent), plans to show at the cabaret. The Bohemians' leader, Toulouse-Lautrec (played by John Leguizamo), is pleased with Christian's talent at writing and insists that he write their musical, "Spectacular Spectacular". Once they find out that Christian is an amazing writer, they come up with an complicated plan of presenting Christian to Satine, who is a beautiful courtesan, in the hopes that she will be impressed with him and persuade Zidler to hire Christian as the writer of the musical.
Satine understands what her work involves, although she hopes of leaving the Moulin Rouge to become a "real" actress. Through a series of misunderstandings, she mistakes Christian for the rich and powerful Duke who will invest in the musical, "Spectacular Spectacular". She is enchanted by his poetry. She declares that she has fallen in love with him, but is shocked to realize he's actually a poor Bohemian poet.

After a bit, the real Duke (played by Richard Roburgh) finds Christian and Satine together. They manage to trick him into believing that they were working on the musical, "Spectacular Spectacular". The main cast arrive and improvise the plot of the show on the spot: a beautiful Indian courtesan has her kingdom invaded by an "evil maharaja". She sets out to seduce him to save her kingdom, but accidentally seduces and then falls in love with a penniless sitar player. The two must hide their love and avoid the maharaja, though it is implied that one of them may die at the end of the story. (It is soon realized that the theme of their play foreshadows what happens in the movie's plot.) The Duke agrees to support the show. But, he quickly shows that he is a violently jealous man who will shut down the Moulin Rouge if he does not get Satine to himself. Nevertheless, he accepts that Satine will be busy with rehearsals and in close contact with Christian, the writer of the musical.

Christian and Satine fall in love, while Zidler struggles to keep the Duke interested in the musical "Spectacular Spectacular" even though Satine has not yet slept with him. Harold Zidler also discovers that Satine is dying of a disease called tuberculosis, but does not tell anyone because of his motto, "The show must go on". Meanwhile, Christian continues to work on the play, in which the courtesan and the penniless sitar player end up together. The Duke, however, does not appreciate the ending and tells the cast that the courtesan must end up with the maharaja. To convince the Duke to change his mind, Satine finally agrees to spend the night with him. Christian is overcome with jealousy while Satine has dinner with the Duke, who offers her everything she has dreamt of. However, when Satine spots Christian on the street below, she refuses the Duke's offer, and he tries to rape her. After she escapes, Satine and Christian plan to run away.

By now, the Duke has realized Satine's tricks, and tells Zidler that, if the "maharaja" does not get his "courtesan", he will have the "penniless sitar player" killed. Nonetheless, Zidler must inform Satine of her final condition before she agrees to give up on the escape plan. She goes to Christian and lies to him, convincing him that her love was an act in the hopes that this will make him want to leave Paris and therefore save his life.

As the show opens, Satine performs tiredly, knowing that her life is almost up. Christian, refusing to give up on Satine, confronts her backstage. When she tries to force him off again, he takes the place of the show's hero, throwing money at her feet to "pay his whore", and storming off the stage. Satine confesses her love for him in the form of his secret song, and Christian and Satine get back together in full view of the audience and the Duke. The Duke attempts to shoot Christian, but Zidler forces him off. The audience applauds what they think is a good drama, but backstage, Satine is overcome by her illness and dies in Christian's arms. As her final wish, she asks Christian to tell their story.

A year later, still in his flat overlooking the empty red windmill, Christian finally types the last page of his work, ending it with the couplet, "The greatest thing you will ever learn, is just to love, and be loved in return."

The following is a list of some of the songs featured in the movie along with the artist that popularized them.

Elephant Love Medley

Two soundtrack albums were released, with the second coming after the huge success of the first one. The first volume featured the smash hit single "Lady Marmalade", performed by Christina Aguilera, Lil’ Kim, Mýa and Pink. The first soundtrack, "Moulin Rouge! Music From Baz Luhrmann's Film", was released in May 2001, with the second "Moulin Rouge! Music From Baz Luhrmann's Film, Vol. 2" following in 2002.

Award wins:

Award nominations:




Paradiso

Paradiso may mean:

Paradiso, Ticino

Paradiso is a municipality of the district Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.


Lago d'Origlio

Lago d'Origlio is a lake in the municipality of Origlio, in Ticino, Switzerland.

Personico

Personico is a municipality of the district Leventina in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.


Pianezzo

Pianezzo was a municipality of the district Bellinzona in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.

On 2 April 2017, the former municipalities of Camorino, Claro, Giubiasco, Gnosca, Gorduno, Gudo, Moleno, Monte Carasso, Pianezzo, Preonzo, Sant'Antonio and Sementina merged to form the municipality of Bellinzona.

Piazzogna

Piazzogna was a municipality of the district Locarno in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland. On 25 April 2010, the former municipalities of Caviano, Contone, Gerra Gambarogno, Indemini, Magadino, Piazzogna, San Nazzaro, Sant'Abbondio and Vira Gambarogno merged to form the new municipality of Gambarogno.


Pollegio

Pollegio is a municipality of the district Leventina in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.

Ponte Capriasca

Ponte Capriasca is a municipality of the district Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.

Ponte Tresa

Ponte Tresa was a municipality in Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland. With an area of 0.28 km², Ponte Tresa is the smallest municipality in Switzerland. On 18 April 2021, the former municipalities of Croglio, Monteggio, Ponte Tresa and Sessa merged to form the new municipality of Tresa.

Porza

Porza is a municipality of the district Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.

Prato (disambiguation)

Prato could be one of many places:

In the Tuscany region of Italy:

In South Tyrol, Italy:

In Switzerland:

Prato (Leventina)

Prato Leventina (Prato) is a municipality of the district Leventina in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.


Truth in Numbers?

Truth in Numbers? Everything, According to Wikipedia is a movie about Wikipedia. It was shown at Wikimania 2010 in Gdańsk.


Jena (disambiguation)

Jena can mean:


Pali

Pali is an new Indo-Aryan language. It used to be spoken in India, and is similar to Sanskrit. Pali is used in religious services by Theravada Buddhists. The Theravada holy texts, called the Pali Canon and also known as the Tripiṭaka, are written in Pali. Pali is usually called a dead language. Bengali originates from the Pali.


Han Chinese

Han Chinese (also called Han; ) is an ethnic group within . 92% of the Chinese population and more than 97% of the Taiwanese population are Han. Out of the entire human population in the world, 19% are Han Chinese. Han Chinese have the highest concentrations in the Eastern Provinces of China, particularly in the Hebei, Jiangsu and Guangdong regions. There are tens of millions of overseas Han Chinese. The majority live in Southeast Asia. Many big cities around the world have enough "overseas Chinese" to make a "Chinatown".

The name "Han" comes from the Han Dynasty that united China as one country. During the Han Dynasty, many tribes felt that they belonged to the same ethnic group. Also, the Han Dynasty is said to be the high point in Chinese civilization. During the Han Dynasty, China was able to increase its power and influence to other parts of Asia.

There are some slang words and different names for Han amongst some Han people, especially in southern China and in Vietnam. In languages like Cantonese, Hakka and Min Nan, the word "Táng Rén" is also used. "Táng Rén" is written as "唐人" and it literally means "the people of Tang." It is pronounced "Tong Yan" in Cantonese. "唐人" comes from another Chinese dynasty, the Tang Dynasty. The Tang Dynasty is also another peak point of the Chinese civilization. Within English-speaking Han communities, the word "Chinatown" in Chinese is "Táng Rén Jiē" which means "street of the Tang people."

Another phrase used by the Han people, especially overseas Chinese, is "Hua Ren" (). It comes from "Zhong Hua" (), a poetic name for China. The translation of this is "ethnic Chinese".

Han China is one of the world's oldest civilizations. Chinese culture dates back thousands of years. Some Han people believe they share common ancestors, distantly related to the Yellow Emperor and Yan Emperor, who existed thousands of years ago. Hence, some people of Han call themselves "Descendants of the Yan Emperor" or "Descendants of the Yellow Emperor."
Throughout the history of China, Chinese culture has been influenced by Confucianism, Taoism and Buddhism. Confucianism was the official philosophy throughout most of Imperial China's history, and becoming a professional of Confucian texts was needed to be part of the imperial bureaucracy.



Motorola RAZR V3

Motorola RAZR V3 (said ""Razer"", IPA://) is a thin clamshell mobile/cellular camera phone designed and made by Motorola. The phone was originally a fashion phone, but has now grown to many different versions in many different designs, when in 2005 the phone went into the main market and was sold at a medium price. On May 15, 2007, Motorola showed the new RAZR 2, with a bigger screen, easier to use, and Linux, with a high price of $600 with service agreement and $800 without. In 2005, "PC World" put the RAZR at #12 in "The 50 Greatest Gadgets of the Past 50 Years".

The original RAZR GPRS phone was on these networks:

Australia

Brazil

Canada:

Mexico

New Zealand

USA:

and many other networks in other countries.

A black version was produced for the 77th Academy Awards gift bags, and was released in early May 2005.

At September 2005, the black version was sold on these networks:

Brazil:

Canada:

UK:

USA:

The first pink version was sold in October 2005, and at June 2006, was sold on these networks:

USA:

Canada:

UK:

It is also sold in all Movistar-serviced countries and Claro (Telcel).

The blue version was sold in the United Kingdom. It is named the "RAZR V3 Light Blue" but the color is mainly silver with a light shade of blue. It is sold on these networks:

Canada:

Peru:

UK:

USA:

As of July 2006, Australian Telecommunications giant Telstra is offering the V3x Blue (as well as Pink) version for $0 upfront on a $20 plan.

The dark blue version available from Tesco in the UK is a V3r with no memory slot or iTunes, (and more difficult to unlock).

At October 30, 2006, the phone was sold with a tattoo design on it on T-Mobile in USA. The tattoo designs were made by Ami James from the TLC reality television show, "Miami Ink".

After the "RAZR V3", Motorola sold the RAZR V3i. This newer version of the phone improved some of the things that were bad about the original phone, for example, it had a better (1.23 megapixel) camera with 8x digital zoom, better screens, and allowed people to use memory cards in them. The V3i software is very similar to the Motorola V635.

The V3i can has iTunes music player, which has a 50 or 100 song limit on the phone, depending on where the phone was made.

The Motorola RAZR V3i was on most networks in the world in 2005–2006. In the U.S. the phone was released through Cingular Wireless on September 6, 2006, with a new activation price of $299.

This was the original color.

At December 8, 2005 Motorola worked with Dolce & Gabbana, the Italian fashion company, to produce a special version of the RAZR V3i, the "Motorola RAZR V3i Dolce & Gabbana". The phone was gold in color. Only 1,000 of the original limited version phones were made and sold.

On June 1, 2006, Motorola and Dolce & Gabbana started selling the RAZR V3i Dolce & Gabbana again. This version had a D&G leather holder, Bluetooth headphone, and FM earphones. It was sold at all big Motorola shops and some D&G shops.

A red version was sold for the (PRODUCT)RED charity. A percentage of the profit went to the charity to help fight AIDS in Africa.

The RAZR V3r and RAZR V3t are different versions the RAZR V3i. Instead of having iTunes, they have Motorola's Digital Audio Player (DAP) music player, which has no song limit, but takes longer to load, and uses more battery. However, it takes considerably longer time to load and uses the V3's battery at a much faster rate than iTunes does.

Babi Yar

Babi Yar () is a ravine in Kyiv, Ukraine.

During the Holocaust, Nazi soldiers massacred 33,771 Jewish people at Babi Yar. This may have been the worst two-day mass murder of Jews in all of the Holocaust.

Nazi Germany and other Axis countries occupied Kyiv on September 19, 1941. By September 26, the military governor and the "Schutzstaffel" (SS) and Police Leader had decided to kill all of the Jews in Kyiv. They said this would be revenge for German soldiers being attacked by some Jewish guerrilla fighters.

The Nazis tricked the Jews into coming to Babi Yar by telling them they were going to be sent to another place to live. On 28 September 1941, they put up an order in the town. Part of it said:

Later, one of the soldiers in charge of the massacre would say:
On September 29 and 30, special units of the SS called "Einsatzgruppen", and some local Ukrainians who supported the Nazis, took these people to the ravine at Babi Yar. They made them put all of their things in piles. They made them strip naked. The area was so crowded that by the time people heard gunshots, there was no way to escape. The Nazis took people ten at a time into the ravine, made them lay down, and shot them with machine guns.

Between September 29 and 30, the Nazis killed 33,771 Jewish people at Babi Yar.

The Nazis buried these people in a mass grave. People who had survived being shot were buried alive, along with the dead. Only 29 people survived and were able to escape.

The murdered Jews' property was given to Nazi leaders in Kyiv.

On 1 March 2022, Babi Yar is attack by Russian army.


Clea DuVall

Clea Helen D'Etienne DuVall (born September 25, 1977 ) is an American movie and television actress. She has been in the movies "But I'm a Cheerleader" (1999), "Girl, Interrupted" (1999), "21 Grams" (2003) and "Zodiac" (2007). She is also in the television series "Carnivàle" and American Horror Story: Asylum.

Ewan McGregor

Ewan Gordon McGregor (born 31 March 1971) is a Scottish actor who has had a lot of success in both mainstream and indie movies. He is ranked #36 in Empire magazine's "The Top 100 Movie Stars of All Time" list. He played the lead role in Danny Boyle's "Trainspotting", Obi-Wan Kenobi in the prequel trilogy of "Star Wars", and in his motorcycle adventures with friend Charley Boorman. 

McGregor starred as Christopher Robin in the 2018 Disney movie "Christopher Robin". He also starred as the villain Black Mask in the 2020 DCEU movie "Birds of Prey".

McGregor lives in Los Angeles, California. He also has a home in North London, England.




Bartholomew I of Constantinople

Bartholomew I (, "Patriarchis Bartholomaios A' ", ; born 29 February 1940) is the Ecumenical Patriarch of Constantinople, since 2 November 1991.

He is the "first among equals" in the Eastern Orthodox Communion, and the spiritual leader of 300 million Orthodox Christians around the world.

Bartholomew wrote a chapter with Pope John Paul II in “Earth Toward Our Children’s Future".

He wrote an essay, "To Commit a Crime Against the Natural World Is a Sin” in "Moral Ground: Ethical Action for a Planet in Peril" (Trinity University Press, 2010 ).


Taxi Driver

Taxi Driver is a 1976 American crime drama thriller movie directed by Martin Scorsese and written by Paul Schrader. It stars Robert De Niro, Jodie Foster, Cybill Shepherd, Harvey Keitel, Peter Boyle, Leonard Harris and Albert Brooks. Set in a decaying and morally bankrupt New York City following the Vietnam War, the film tells the story of Travis Bickle, a lonely taxi driver who descends into insanity as he plots to assassinate both the presidential candidate for whom the woman he is infatuated with works, and the pimp of an underage prostitute he befriends.

A critical and commercial success upon release and nominated for four Academy Awards, including for Best Picture, Best Actor (for De Niro) and Best Supporting Actress (for Foster), "Taxi Driver" won the Palme d'Or at the 1976 Cannes Film Festival. The movie generated controversy at the time of its release for its depiction of violence and casting of a 12-year-old Foster in the role of a child prostitute.

In 2012, "Sight & Sound" named it the 31st-best movie ever in its decennial critics' poll, ranked with "The Godfather Part II", and the fifth-greatest movie of all time on its directors' poll. The film was considered significant by the US Library of Congress and was selected for preservation in the National Film Registry in 1994.

John Hinckley saw the movie many times. He wanted to impress Foster. He tried to assassinate President Ronald Reagan by shooting him. Reagan survived the 1981 attack.

Patriarch Alexius II

Patriarch Alexius II (23 February 1929—5 December 2008) was the 15th Patriarch of Moscow and the primate of the Russian Orthodox Church.

Romeo + Juliet

See also the play by William Shakespeare, Romeo and Juliet

William Shakespeare's Romeo and Juliet is an Academy Award nominated 1996 American movie adaptation of William Shakespeare's romantic tragedy "Romeo and Juliet". It was directed by Australian Baz Luhrmann and stars Leonardo DiCaprio and Claire Danes in the title roles.

The movie is a version of Shakespeare's play designed to appeal to a younger modern audience. It is set in present-day fictional Verona Beach, Florida, but uses the style of language from the original novel. The fighting families (the Montagues and the Capulets) are represented as competing business empires, swords are replaced by guns etc. Despite the adaptation, the movie retains Shakespeare's original dialogue, though edited for modern cinema audiences.


Critics gave the movie good reviews. On the review given by Rotten Tomatoes, 74% of critics gave the movie positive reviews, based on 38 reviews. Roger Ebert of the "Chicago Sun-Times" disliked the movie, giving it 2 stars and said "This production was a very bad idea. I have never seen anything remotely approaching the mess that the new punk version of Romeo & Juliet makes of Shakespeare's tragedy." Ebert wrote that Pete Postlethwaite and Miriam Margolyes were "the only actors in the movie who seem completely at home" and said "In one grand but doomed gesture, writer-director Baz Luhrmann has made a movie that (a) will dismay any lover of Shakespeare, and (b) bore anyone lured into the theater by promise of gang wars, MTV-style."

The movie won several awards. At the Berlin International Film Festival in 1997, Leonardo DiCaprio won the Silver Bear Award for Best Actor and director Baz Luhrmann won the Alfred Bauer Award. Luhrmann was also nominated for the Golden Bear Award for Best Picture.


Paul Rudd

Paul Stephen Rudd (born April 6, 1969) is an American actor.

Rudd was born on April 6, 1969 in Passaic, New Jersey. His father, Michael Rudd, was a historical tour guide and former vice-president of Trans World Airlines who died of cancer when Rudd was 39. His mother, Gloria Irene (Granville), was a sales manager at the television station KCMO-TV in Kansas City, Missouri. His parents were born in England; his father was from Edgware and his mother from Surbiton, both in London. Rudd's parents were both Jewish (descended from Jewish immigrants who moved to Britain from Russia, Belarus, and Poland). Rudd's parents were second cousins. His father's family's original surname, "Rudnitsky", was changed by his grandfather to "Rudd", and his mother's family's surname was originally "Goldstein". Rudd had a Bar Mitzvah service. Growing up, he loved reading British comics, "The Beano", and "The Dandy", which his uncle in the U.K. would send to him.

At age ten, his family moved to Lenexa, Kansas. They spent three years living in Anaheim, California, because of his father's occupation. Rudd attended Broadmoor Junior High and graduated from Shawnee Mission West High School in the class of 1987. Rudd attended the University of Kansas, where he majored in theater. He was a member of the Sigma Nu fraternity's Nu Chapter there. He studied at the American Academy of Dramatic Arts/West in Los Angeles with fellow actor Matthew Lillard. Rudd spent three months studying Jacobean drama at the British American Drama Academy based in Oxford, England. While attending acting school, Rudd worked as a Bar Mitzvah disc jockey.


Epithelium

Epithelium (plural: epithelia) is one of the four main types of tissue in the body of animals. It is made up of one or more layers of cells. 

The outermost layer of the skin is a special type of epithelium. It has an important function: it forms a mechanical defence against infection: see innate immunity. 

Epithelia are found on the surface of organs and many other parts of the body. One main function of epithelia is moving fluids into or out of an organ or body part. It also protects organs and carries sense organs. 

There are many different types of epithelium that do different things in the body, including the excretory system. The epithelium covers blood vessels and hollow organs such as the stomach and kidneys. All glands are made from epithelial cells. In some areas, the epithelium secretes sweat, oil, or mucus.

The functions of epithelial cells include secretion, selective absorption, protection, transcellular transport, and sensing. Epithelial layers have no blood vessels: they get oxygen and nourishment from the underlying connective tissue, through their basement membrane.


Tibetan Buddhism

Tibetan Buddhism (Tibetan: བོད་བརྒྱུད་ནང་བསྟན།; Chinese: 藏传佛教) are Buddhist teachings from Tibet. It encompasses all three vehicles, but mainly Vajrayana and Mahayana Buddhism. The other is Theravada. It is most widely practiced around the Himalayas, Mongolia, Tibet and Siberia. 

It includes all of the Buddhist teachings (or "three vehicles"). All traditions of Tibetan Buddhism practice the vows of moral discipline ("Pratimoksha") of the hearer's vehicle (Shrāvakayāna); the vows of universal liberation or "Bodhisattva vow" and philosophy of the great vehicle (Mahāyāna); and the pledges and special methods of the secret mantra vehicle or Vajrayāna. 

In the 7th century, Songtsen Gampo married two Buddhists: Tang Dynasty Princess Wencheng and Nepali Princess Bhrikuti. They helped spread Buddhist teachings to Tibet. Buddhism was merged with local Bön religion of the Zhangzhung to create a new kind of Buddhism: Tibetan Buddhism. The Tibetans also began translating texts from Sanskrit and Chinese; and began writing some of their own texts. In the 8th century, an Buddhist monk from Gandhara (modern-day Pakistan), Padmasambhava brought some more Buddhism while Trisong Detsen was king of Tibet. He also wrote a number of important texts. 

In the 11th century, Tibetan Buddhism strong influenced the peoples of Central Asia, Mongolia and Manchuria. It was very popular during the Mongol Yuan dynasty and the Manchu Qing dynasty of China.

Tibetan Buddhism has four main schools. Two of these schools hold practice as more important and two hold scholasticism (study of philosophy) more important. The four schools are:

Some of the teachings of Tibetan Buddhism are Mahamudra, the Six Yogas of Naropa, and Dzogchen.

Classical Tibetan is the main language for Tibetans. But texts have also been translated into Mongolian, Manchu, and Chinese.

Monasticism was the foundation of Buddhism in Tibet. There were over 6,000 monasteries in Tibet, however nearly all of these were destroyed by Chinese Red Guards during the Cultural Revolution. Most of the major monasteries have been at least partly restored while many others remain in ruins.

Today, Tibetan Buddhism has spread throughout the Eastern world excluding Southeast Asia. It is practiced in the Tibetan Plateau, Nepal, Bhutan, Mongolia, Kalmykia, Siberia, Russian Far East, northeast China, Arunachal Pradesh. It is the state religion of Bhutan. The Indian regions of Sikkim, Ladakh, Himachal Pradesh, West Bengal are also home to small Tibetan Buddhist populations. 

Tibetan Buddhism has expanded to the West and throughout the world. Celebrity practitioners include Brandon Boyd, Richard Gere, Adam Yauch, Jet Li, Jackie Chan, Sharon Stone, Allen Ginsberg, Philip Glass, Mike Barson and Steven Seagal. 



Berlinale

The Berlinale, or "Berlin International Film Festival", is the world's leading film festival held in Berlin, Germany.

The Berlinale was first held in 1951, and since 1978 has been held every February. More than 200000 tickets are sold and around 400000 admissions it is the biggest publicly-attended film festival worldwide. Since 2001 the director of the festival has been Dieter Kosslick.

The European Film Market (EFM), a film trade fair, is held at the same time as the Berlinale. It is also one of the most important events for the international film industry.

An international jury makes sure films from all over the world are chosen for the Berlinale.

Around twenty films competing for the awards called the Golden and Silver Bears.

The 61st Berlin International Film Festival will be held 10 to 20 February 2011.






Santa Fe

Santa Fe can mean multiple things:

Tokio Hotel

Tokio Hotel is a German pop-rock band. The band began in 2001, and were first called Devilish. The people who are in the band all came from Magdeburg in Germany. The youngest, the Kaulitz twins, were born two months before the Berlin Wall was taken down.

Tokio Hotel was started by singer Bill Kaulitz and guitarist Tom Kaulitz, who are identical twin brothers. Their step father owns a music school named "Rock School". The drummer is Gustav Schäfer and bass-guitarist is Georg Listing. The four met in 2001 after a live show in a Magdeburg club, where Listing and Schäfer, who knew each other from music school, watched from the audience while Bill and Tom Kaulitz played on the stage. Using the name "Devilish", the band began playing in talent shows and small concerts. After Bill Kaulitz took part in a children's Star Search in 2003 at age thirteen (which he lost in the quarter-final), he was discovered by music producer Peter Hoffmann. Devilish changed their name to "Tokio Hotel": "Tokio", the German spelling of the Japanese city Tokyo, because they love the city, and "Hotel" because of their constant touring and living in hotels. Soon after Sony BMG took them under contract, Hoffmann hired David Jost and Pat Benzner into the team. They guided the teens on songwriting and instrument playing. Most of the songs of the first album were written by Hoffmann, Jost, Benzer, and Bill Kaulitz (including the singles "Scream" and "Rescue me" which were completely written by them). Only the single "Unendlichkeit" was written completely by Tokio Hotel themselves. However, shortly before release of their first album, Sony ended their contract. In 2005, Universal Music Group took Tokio Hotel under contract and developed a marketing plan. The band has now become one of the biggest acts from Germany.

Bill Kaulitz (born September 1 1989, in Leipzig, Germany) is the lead singer of Tokio Hotel. He is the twin brother of Tom Kaulitz. Bill is ten minutes younger than Tom. They used to live in Magdeburg, Germany. Bill was on the German star search but he lost in 2001. After the first European tour, Bill lost his voice and found out he had a cyst on his vocal cords. He had surgery and it took three weeks to get better. He then went back to having concerts with the band.

Tom Kaulitz was born on September 1 1989, in Leipzig ten minutes before his identical twin brother, Bill. He is from Magdeburg in Germany. Tom and Bill now live in Berlin. As of September 2007, Tom is using Gibson guitars. He has stated his musical influences to be Aerosmith and German hip-hop such as Samy Deluxe. 

Georg Listing was born on March 31 1987. His hometown is Halle. He began playing bass when he was thirteen years old. As of September 2007, uses a Sandberg bass. He has said that his playing style was heavily influenced by Flea of Red Hot Chili Peppers, and other musical influences include Die Ärzte and Oasis.

Gustav Schäfer was born on September 8 1988, in Magdeburg, and has an older sister. Gustav has been playing the drums since he was five. His musical influences include Metallica, Joe Cocker and Rod Stewart.








Toy Fox Terrier

The Toy Fox Terrier (also known as American Toy Terrier, Amertoy) is a small terrier breed of dogs. They are related to the Fox Terrier, but are considered a separate breed.



New York Mets

The New York Mets are a professional baseball team based in New York City, New York in Citi Field. They compete in Major League Baseball (MLB) as part of the National League (NL) east division. The team started in 1962. The Mets won the World Series in the years 1969 and 1986. They play in Corona, New York and play in their stadium Citi Field, completed in 2009. Their colors are blue and orange. Their retired numbers are 42 (Jackie Robinson), 41 (Tom Seaver), 14 (Gil Hodges), 37 (Casey Stengel), 31 (Mike Piazza), 36 (Mike Piazza), and 24 (Willie Mays).

The name "Mets" is short for "Metropolitans". There was an old team in the 1880s called the New York Metropolitans. The words "Metropolis" and "Metropolitan" are often used to describe very large cities. The Metropolitan Museum of Art, Metropolitan Opera, and Metropolitan Transportation Authority are among the other New York users of that word.

The Mets first played their home games at the Polo Grounds. They opened Shea Stadium in 1964. After 45 seasons at Shea, they opened Citi Field in 2009, nextdoor to Shea. Shea was torn down during the 2009 season.
The Mets have won the World series two times, in 1969 and 1986. In 1973, 2000, and 2015, the Mets went to the World Series, but lost to the Oakland Athletics, New York Yankees, and Kansas City Royals, respectively.

The Braves–Mets rivalry is a rivalry between two teams in the National League East, featuring the Atlanta Braves and the Mets.

The rivalry between the Mets and the Philadelphia Phillies from 2006 to 2008 was said to be among the "hottest" rivalries in the National League.

The first regular season non-exhibition game between the Mets and the New York Yankees took place in 1997. Three years later, the teams met in the 2000 World Series. A series of games between the two New York City teams is called a Subway Series.

A registered 501(c)(3) charity, the New York Mets Foundation is the philanthropic organization of the New York Mets. Founded in 1963, it funds and promotes charitable causes in the Mets community. One of these causes is Tuesday's Children, is a non-profit family service organization that "has made a long term commitment to meet the needs of every family who lost a loved one in the terrorist attacks on September 11, 2001".


Bond market

The bond market (also known as the debt, credit, or fixed income market) is a financial market where people buy and sell debt securities, usually in the form of bonds. In 2006 the size of the international bond market was about $45 trillion. The size of the outstanding U.S. bond market debt was $25.2 trillion. 


Security

Security means to prevent dangers or losses. In general, security is similar to safety. The difference between the two is that security cares more than general safety about dangers from the outside.

Airports and banks usually have a lot of security measures. Prison security is used mainly to stop prisoners from escaping. It is also used to stop prisoners from harming prison employees or other prisoners.

Maximum security is found in or around prisons or other types of places where people need to be kept in or kept out. It is the highest security level for a building or area.




Security (disambiguation)

Security is the sense of protection from hostile action.

Security could also mean:

Preonzo

Preonzo was a municipality of the district Bellinzona in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.

On 2 April 2017, the former municipalities of Camorino, Claro, Giubiasco, Gnosca, Gorduno, Gudo, Moleno, Monte Carasso, Pianezzo, Preonzo, Sant'Antonio and Sementina merged into the municipality of Bellinzona.

Pura

Pura could mean:


Pura, Switzerland

Pura is a municipality of the district Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.


532 Herculina

532 Herculina "(herr'-kew-lye'-nə," ) is a very big asteroid, with a diameter of around 225 km.

It was found on April 20th, 1904, by Max Wolf in Heidelberg, and initially catalogued as 1904 NY. Where its name came from is not known; it may be named after the mythical Hercules, or after an unknown woman of that name. Most of the asteroids found by Wolf around this date were named for characters in operas, but if this name was also drawn from such a source, no explanation has been recorded.

Herculina is one of the twenty or so biggest members of the main asteroid belt.

It has often been noted for its complex lightcurves, which made finding its shape and rotation somewhat hard. A set of 1982 speckle inferometry observations led to a simple preliminary model of Herculina as a three-axis object, perhaps 260 by 220 by 215 km. 1985 analysis of this data concluded there was a nonspherical shape with one bright spot, whilst a 1987 photometric astrometry study concluded the object was spherical with two dark spots (and rotated around a completely different pole), which was in turn negated by a 1988 thermal study which showed the object could not be spherical. By the late 1980s, the generally accepted model was a three-axis object with major albedo or topographical features.

Recent (2002) modelling of photometric data shows that Herculina is not spherical, but a blocky shape not unlike a battered cuboid - or, as the analysis described it, it "resembles a toaster". This analysis indicates the presence of many big craters, similar to 253 Mathilde, but no major changes in albedo. The approximate ratios of the axes were suggested as 1:1.1:1.3, broadly consistent with earlier models if a bit more stretched.

Following anomalous sightings during an occultation of the star SAO 1220774 in 1978, Herculina became the first asteroid to be "confirmed" to have an asteroid moon, with the parent asteroid estimated at a 216 km diameter and a moon of about 45 km orbiting at a distance of around 1,000 km. However, careful studying in 1993, using the Hubble Space Telescope, could not locate a moon.


Duroplast

Duroplast is a resin plastic made up mixing formica and bakelite reinforced with fibres (either cotton or wool) or glass fibres.

Duroplast was used by Eastern European automobile manufacturer VEB Sachsenring Automobilwerke Zwickau to produce the body of the popular Trabant motor car, toilet seats, and parts for the BMW X3.

Duroplast was first used in the body of the IFA F8 and later also the AWZ P70 or Zwickau P70 and later used in the body of the Trabant. Apart from the use in cars duroplast was also used to make suitcases.

Duroplast is light, flexible, and strong. It was also made of recycled material, cotton waste from Russia and phenol resins from the East German dye industry making the Trabant the first car with a body made of recycled material . Because it can be made in a press similar to shaping steel, it's easy to produce.

Duroplast cannot be completely recycled, and burning it produces toxic fumes, so disposing of the bodies of old Trabants is a problem. There are stories of pigs, sheep or other domestic farm animals consuming duroplast.

A Berlin biotechnology company claims that it has developed a solution to the duroplast problem: a bacterium that will eat a Trabant in 20 days and leave only compost.
In the last years the Duroplast was smashed and put cement blocks for pavement construction.

Will &amp; Grace

Will & Grace is an Emmy winning American television sitcom. The show is set in New York City. It features four best friends, Will Truman (Eric McCormack), Grace Adler (Debra Messing), Jack McFarland (Sean Hayes) and Karen Walker (Megan Mullally). It was first aired in series beginning 1998 and series finale aired in 2006. It ran for 8 seasons for a total of 194 episodes.


Ken Akamatsu

After finishing "Love Hina" in 2001, Akamatsu began to illustrate another manga, "". Both "Negima!" and "Love Hina" have been made into anime series. Altogether there are about 25 episodes, and 14 volumes of "Love Hina".

Will Truman

William "Will" Truman is a character in "Will & Grace". He is a lawyer and is gay. He was played by Eric McCormack. Will lived in the hotel with his Jewish friend. Grace Adler lived next door with Jack McFarland.

Grace Adler

Grace Elizabeth Adler is a character from Will & Grace played by Debra Messing. She was married with doctor, Dr. Leo Markus and lived with Will and friends with Jack and Karen.

Karen Walker

Karen Delaney St. Croix Popeil Finster Walker or Karen Delaney was a character on the NBC television series "Will & Grace". She was played by Megan Mullally. Karen was a friend with gay actor and dancer, Jack McFarland. She was in a relationship with Stanley Walker but ended it and married Beverley. 

Karen appears with Megan Mullally in "The Megan Mullally Show".

Jack McFarland

Jack McFarland is a character from the television show "Will & Grace". He is a camp, openly gay man. The character was played by Sean Hayes.

Pacific hurricane

A Pacific hurricane is a tropical cyclone that forms in the northeastern part of the Pacific Ocean. For organizational purposes, the Pacific Ocean is divided into three parts: the eastern (North America to 140°W), central (140°W to the International Date Line), and western (west of the Date Line). A Pacific hurricane, then, is a tropical cyclone in the northern Pacific Ocean east of the Date Line. Tropical cyclones that form in the western north Pacific are called typhoons. This separation between the two basins is convenient, however, as tropical cyclones rarely form in the central north Pacific and few ever cross the dateline.


Plain English Campaign

Plain English Campaign Limited (PEC) is a commercial editing and training firm based in the United Kingdom. It was started in 1979 by Chrissie Maher. The company advocates for the use of simple ("plain") English. It tries to persuade organisations in the UK and abroad to communicate with the public simply. In 1990, Plain English Campaign created the Crystal Mark, its "seal of approval." This is a symbol printed on documents which the Plain English campaign thinks are very easy to understand. According to the Plain English Campaign, the symbol appears on over 20,000 documents worldwide.

The Plain English Campaign also gives out an annual "Foot in Mouth Award" for "a baffling comment by a public figure." The name of this award comes from a humorous English idiom. If a person has their "foot in their mouth," that means they are speaking badly and not paying attention to what they are saying. The plain English Campaign also gives out a "Golden Bull Award" for "the worst examples of written tripe". The name of this award also comes from a common English idiom. "Bull" is short for "bullshit," which literally means the excrement of a bull, but is often used to mean stupid, dishonest or unbelievable speech or writing. The word "tripe," similar to "bullshit," has both a literal and a figurative meaning. Literally, it means a food made from an animal's stomach lining. As it is used here, "tripe" means something very close to "bullshit."

In other words, the Plain English Campaign's "Foot in Mouth Award" is given to someone famous who speaks stupidly. The "Golden Bull Award" is given to someone famous who writes stupidly. Both awards are sarcastic. They are different from normal awards because they criticise, rather than honor, the people they are given to. Famous winners of the Foot in Mouth Award include George W. Bush and Donald Rumsfeld.

Plain English Campaign has worked for many organisations. Many UK forms and bills carry the Crystal Mark, including the British passport application form. Plain English Campaign is often described in the media as a "pressure group." 

It regularly makes public comments about language-related news stories and about jargon. For example, in 2006 its supporters voted Bill Shankly the author of the greatest football quotation of all time. Plain English Campaign did a survey in 2004 and announced that ‘At the end of the day’ was considered the most irritating cliché. Chrissie Maher, who created Plain English Campaign, was awarded the Order of the British Empire in 1994 for her services to plain communication. Famous supporters of PEC include Margaret Thatcher and broadcaster John Humphrys.


Kilakarai

Kilakarai (aka Keelakarai, Tamil - கீழக்கரை) is a panchayat town in Ramanathapuram district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu.

Bart Simpson

Bart Simpson is a fictional character in "The Simpsons". At the age of 10, he is the oldest child of three children to Marge and Homer Simpson. He is the brother of Lisa and Maggie. Bart is someone who does not like school. At the time when the Simpsons was launched T-shirts were released that had a picture of Bart saying "Underachiever. And proud of it". Nancy Cartwright is the voice of Bart. Bart had a 10 year old love interest named Niki/Nikki. He's a skateboarder. He made his first appearance in the Simpson short, "Good Night", on "The Tracey Ullman Show".

He likes to ride on a skateboard and makes Prank phone calls to Moe's Tavern to annoy the owner, Moe Szyslak.

Bart goes to Springfield School along with his 8-year-old sister Lisa. Bart often gets grade Fs in school, whereas Lisa gets A grades. At Springfield Elementary, Bart's best friend is Milhouse Van Houten. Bart has received detention multiple times, and during the start of the show he is seen writing things repeatedly on a blackboard as a form of punishment. He is a good pranker.

The character of Bart is an anagram of brat. Matt Groening was going to name the character Matt, but he realized that would be a giveaway, so he decided to name him Bart. 

Vajrayana

Vajrayana is one of the major schools of Buddhism which originated in Gandhara (modern-day Pakistan). It is sometimes called esoteric Buddhism. Padmasambhava from Gandhara brought Buddhism to Tibet. It later spread to Mongolia and Bhutan. Since the annexation of Tibet by the People's Republic of China in 1959, the Tibetan form of Vajrayana has spread to many Western countries and has gained great popularity.

Vajrayana is a third and separate major school of Buddhism, the other two being Theravada and Mahayana. Vajrayana Buddhism comes from Mahayana Buddhism. Tibetan Vajrayana Buddhism has its own texts in the Tibetan and Sanskrit languages. It also contains the older Mahayana texts in Sanskrit and Theravada texts in the Pali language.

Vajrayana is sometimes known as Tantric Buddhism in the west. Tantric practice is one kind of Vajrayana Buddhism, but there are also other forms. 

Vajrayana Buddhism is also known as "The Diamond Vehicle". 

The main features of Vajrayana are:

Followers are introduced to these practices through initiation which is also called empowerment.

There are four main schools of Tibetan Buddhism: Nyingma, Sakya, Kagyu, and Geluk. All four schools identify themselves as belonging to the Mahayana or "Great Vehicle" tradition, which is the most popular form of Buddhism in China, Korea and Japan.

In the "ancient" or Nyingma school, the teachings are divided into six levels:

The "new" schools (Sakya, Kagyu, and Geluk) divide the teachings into only four levels. The first three are the same as in the Nyingma school. The last level is simply called Anuttarayogatantra ("Highest Yoga Tantra"). These Highest Yoga Tantras are divided into "mother", "father" and "non-dual" tantras. The new schools use a practice called Mahamudra in place of Dzogchen.


Bart

Bart may refer to:

Alpha

Alpha (uppercase/lowercase Α α), is the first letter of the Greek alphabet, used to stand for the "a" sound in Ancient and Modern Greek. In the system of Greek numerals, it has a value of 1. Letters that came from it are the Roman A and Cyrillic А.

Alpha is often used in physics and chemistry as a symbol or in the names of things, for example alpha particles (which are two protons and two neutrons bound together into a particle the same as a helium nucleus). The symbol is also used a lot in mathematics in algebra, for example in naming angles, and in statistics, to represent statistical significance level.


Beta

Beta (uppercase/lowercase Β β), is a letter of the Greek alphabet, used to represent the "b" sound in Ancient Greek and "v" in Modern Greek. In the system of Greek numerals, it has a value of 2. Letters that came from it include the Roman B and Cyrillic Б.

The sounds [b] and [v] resemble each other a lot. In Ancient Greek the "b" sound became "v" around 200 BC. Therefore, the letter B means the "v" sound in the Cyrillic alphabet, and a new letter, Б, was made for [b]. 

The letter beta is also used in finance, science and mathematics. For example. the beta function is named after the capital letter Β, and the probability of type II error in statistics is written with the lowercase β.


Gamma

Gamma (uppercase/lowercase Γ γ), is the third letter of the Greek alphabet, used to represent the "g" sound in Ancient and Modern Greek. In the system of Greek numerals, it has a value of 3. Letters that came from it include the Roman C and Cyrillic Г.

In mathematics, the lowercase γ is used to represent Euler–Mascheroni constant, and the uppercase Γ is used to represent gamma function and gamma distribution. 

In physics, gamma rays (γ-rays) are a kind of radiation that result from nuclear decay. In the physics and engineering, gamma is used to represent many different things, depending on the subject. 


Epsilon

Epsilon (uppercase/lowercase Ε ε), is the letter of the Greek alphabet, used to represent the "e" sound in Ancient and Modern Greek. In the system of Greek numerals, it has a value of 5. Letters that came from it include the Roman E and Cyrillic Е. It is also used in calculus to represent a very small number (particularly in proofs involving limit). In set theory, a typographical variant of epsilon can be used to represent the statement "a is a member of set A" (symbolically formula_1).


Digamma

Digamma or Wau (uppercase/lowercase Ϝ ϝ ς) was an old letter of the Greek alphabet. It was used before the alphabet converted its classical standard form. It looked like a Latin "F", but it was pronounced like "w". In the 5th century BC, people stopped using it because they could no longer pronounce the sound "w" in Greek. However, they kept it as a sign for the number "6" in the system of Greek numerals. It was originally called "Wau" because of its sound. Later, when the sound was lost, it was called "Digamma", which means "double Gamma", because it looks like a Gamma (Γ) with two hooks. The Latin letter F was also taken over from Wau.

In mathematics, the name "digamma" is used in digamma function, which is the derivative of the logarithm of gamma function (that is, formula_1).


Tom Kaulitz

Tom Kaulitz ( September 1, 1989 in Leipzig) is a guitarist and songwriter in the German band Tokio Hotel. He is also known because of his wife Heidi Klum. He has an identical twin brother Bill Kaulitz, who is also in the band and is the lead singer. Tom dated the German model Ria Sommerfeld from 2011 to 2016. They were married for over a year, until Tom filed for divorce citing irreconcilable differences in September 2016. Tom also dated the German model Mai Schiller from December 2017 to March 2018. Tom is now married to German-American model and television host Heidi Klum since 2019.

Tom’s and Bill’s parents, Simone Kaulitz and Jörg W., separated when the Kaulitz twins were seven years old. Their mother Simone married Gordon Trümper, the guitarist from the German rock band Fatun. Bill Kaulitz showed an early interest in singing, as did Tom in playing guitar. Trümper noticed the twins’ musical inclinations and helped the twins to start their band. According to Bill in several interviews, he and Tom started writing music at seven. Their friends Georg Listing (Bass guitar) and Gustav Schäfer (Drummer). 

They have been creating music since 2001 (under the band name "‘Devilish’", but later changed the band name to Tokio Hotel). They were trendy in the 2000s. They had many tours, many concerts, and fans ("‘Aliens’"). They released albums together (‘"Schrei’ (2005)", ‘"Zimmer 483’ (2007), ‘Scream’ (2007)", ‘"Humanoid’ (2009)", ‘"Kings of Suburbia’ (2014)", ‘"Dream Machine’ (2017)" and ‘"2001’ (2022)"). Tom has been using a Gibson guitar since 2007. Tom also plays piano, keyboards, backing vocals, and percussion.

Tom was known for his style and hairstyle. He wore baggy clothes, a cap, a lip piercing, and dreadlocks or braids. He speaks 3 languages: German, English, and French. He got his first guitar from his stepfather when he was nine years old. He owns 17 guitars and 50+ caps. Once when he was on tour he had an entire luggage just for his caps. 

Tom and Bill used to live in Hamburg but moved to Los Angeles in October 2010 in response to an incident involving stalkers and a robbery. They are currently living in Los Angeles making music.

In late 2008- early 2009, several female stalkers pursued the band relentlessly, even following Tom Kaulitz to his parent’s home in Germany and attacking the twins’ mother. The issue seemed to end after Tom allegedly hit one of the stalkers at a gas station in April 2009 and drove off. However, an article in "Bild" stated that the issue had resurfaced and that Tom Kaulitz may stand trial for assault. In late December 2009, the charges against himself - against the girl he allegedly hit - were on grounds of stalking. Kaulitz cited a break-in at their home in Germany as a deciding factor in their move to the United States. 

On August 4, 2010, Tom Kaulitz got his own Reebok shoes commercial. Reebok signed the 20-year-old Tokio Hotel guitarist and sneaker addict to model shoes for the company. “At home, I created a little room, like a little storage room,"”" he said of his sneakers. He also said that he gets 10 new pairs a week. 

Tom and Bill released an app named “BTK Twins” for Android on December 19, 2011, and on iOS on January 16, 2012, to keep in touch with their fans. On the app, Tom and Bill posted photos, videos, and text messages, and fans could leave messages which the twins often respond to. In November 2013, the app was removed from both the Android and IOS stores, due to the imminent release of Tokio Hotel’s new album. 

Car maker Audi hired the two frontmen to star in their new advertising campaign to attract the younger generation. They were featured in an episode of ‘Tokio Hotel TV’ (on Tokio Hotel’s website) and also in a commercial.

Stigma (letter)

Stigma (uppercase/lowercase Ϛ ϛ), is a sign that was used in the Greek alphabet for the combination of the two letters Sigma (σ) and Tau (τ). It is also used as a symbol for the number 6 in the system of Greek numerals.

Zeta

Zeta (uppercase/lowercase Ζ ζ), is the letter of the Greek alphabet, used to represent the "z" sound in Ancient and Modern Greek. In the system of Greek numerals, it has a value of 7. Letters that came from it include the Roman Z and Cyrillic З.

Eta

Eta (uppercase/lowercase Η η) is a letter of the Greek alphabet. In very early Greek writing it stood for the consonant sound "h", but in Classical Greek it stood for a long vowel "e". In Modern Greek, it is pronounced as "i". In the system of Greek numerals, it has a value of 8. Letters that came from it include the Roman H and Cyrillic И.

In mathematics, the lowercase η is used to represent Dirichlet eta function. The same letter is also used to represent conformal time in cosmology, efficiency in telecommunications and elasticity in economics.


Heta

Heta (uppercase/lowercase ) is another name for the letter Eta (Η), a letter of the Greek alphabet, and also for some other variant forms of it. This name is used to show that this letter at first was pronounced as "h", just like in Latin. Later, in the Ionian dialect of Greek, people stopped pronouncing the sound "h", and therefore they gave the letter a new meaning and used it for a long "e" sound instead. Some other dialects then took over this new letter "Eta", and so they had to find a new form for the letter for "h". In some dialects they invented a new letter "" to stand for "h". Today, the name "Heta" is also used for this letter.

Theta

Theta (uppercase Θ / lowercase θ), is a letter in the Greek alphabet. It represents the "th" sound (as in "think") in Ancient and Modern Greek. In the system of Greek numerals, it has a value of 9. The Cyrillic letter Ѳ came from theta.

In mathematics, the lowercase θ is used as a variable to represent an angle, and the uppercase Θ is used in big-theta notation (a variant of big-O notation). The lowercase θ is also used to represent the potential temperature in meteorology.

Iota

Iota (uppercase/lowercase Ι ι), is the letter of the Greek alphabet, used to represent the "i" sound in Ancient and Modern Greek. In the system of Greek numerals, it has a value of 10. Letters that came from it include the Roman I and Cyrillic І.

In mathematics, the lowercase formula_1 is used to represent the inclusion function in set theory. The term "iota" is also used to refer to an infinitesimal amount or an insignificant quantity.


Lambda

Lambda (uppercase/lowercase Λ λ) is a letter of the Greek alphabet. It is used to represent the "l" sound in Ancient and Modern Greek. In the system of Greek numerals, it has a value of 30. Letters that came from it include the Roman L and Cyrillic Л. 

In mathematics, the lowercase λ is used as a variable for eigenvalues in linear algebra, and as the parameter of both exponential distribution and Poisson distribution. In physics, the same symbol is used as a variable representing wavelength. 


Coat of arms of Haiti

The first coat of arms of Haiti was created in 1807, and has appeared in its current form since 1986.

It has a palm, with several flags at its sides, and two cannons on a green lawn. On the lawn there are several objects, such as musical instruments (a snare drum and bugles), guns, and ship anchors. Above the palm tree, there is a Phrygian cap placed as a symbol of freedom. 

The ribbon on the bottom displays the national motto: "L'Union Fait La Force" (French for "Union Makes Strength").

Nu (letter)

Nu (uppercase/lowercase Ν ν) is a letter of the Greek alphabet used to represent the "n" sound in Ancient and Modern Greek. In the system of Greek numerals, it has a value of 50. Letters that came from it include the Roman N and Cyrillic Н.

In statistics, the lowercase formula_1 can be used to represent degrees of freedom. In physics, the same letter can also used to represent kinematic viscosity and the frequency of a wave.

When typesetting mathematics, sometimes the roman lowercase formula_2 is used in conjunction with formula_1, sometimes leading to problems with both letters being indistinguishable from each other in some fonts.


Flag of Haiti

The flag of Haiti was adopted on February 25, 1986. The flag has two horizontal bands of equal height; the top stripe is blue and the bottom is red. In the center there is a white rectangle with the Coat of Arms of Haiti which consists of a palm tree with several flags at its sides. There are two cannons on either side of the palm tree. The civil flag and the ensign (the one used by commercial ships) do not have a coat of arms.

The Haitian flag was created by the revolutionary Jean-Jacques Dessalines in 1803 from the French flag (the "Tricolore"); he eliminated the white stripe and left only the blue and red stripes in the new flag.

From May 25 1964 to February 25 1986, during the dictatorship of Francois and Jean-Claude Duvalier, the country had a different flag, in red and black, and divided vertically, not horizontally.


Xi

Xi (uppercase/lowercase Ξ ξ) is the 14th letter of the Greek alphabet. It is used to represent the "x" sound in Ancient and Modern Greek. In the system of Greek numerals, it has a value of 60. The Roman letter X and Cyrillic letter Ѯ came from Xi.

In mathematics, both uppercase Ξ and lowercase ξ are used to refer to variants of Riemann Xi function (itself a variant of Riemann zeta function). In physics, the uppercase Ξ is used to represent the cascade particle and xi baryon.

Omicron

Omicron (uppercase/lowercase Ο ο) is a letter of the Greek alphabet. It is used to represent the "o" sound in Ancient and Modern Greek. In the system of Greek numerals, it has a value of 70. Letters that came from it include the Roman O and Cyrillic О.

In mathematics and computer science, the uppercase Ο is used in big-O notation, while the lowercase ο is used in little-o notation (a variant of big-O notation).


Pi (letter)

Pi (uppercase/lowercase Π π), is the letter of the Greek alphabet, used to represent the "p" sound in Ancient and Modern Greek. In the system of Greek numerals, it had a value of 80. Letters that came from it include the Roman P and Cyrillic П.

In mathematics, the uppercase pi is used for the Pi product operator (for example. formula_1), similar to the way summation is used. The lowercase pi is used as the mathematical constant pi, also known as Archimedes's constant.


San (letter)

San (uppercase/lowercase Ϻ ϻ) was an old letter in the Greek alphabet that was used in some Greek cities before the alphabet got its classical standard form. It looked like the letter Mu (M), but was spoken like S. In the 6th century BC, people stopped using it and wrote Sigma (Σ) instead.

Sho (letter)

Sho (uppercase/lowercase Ϸ ϸ), was a letter added to the Greek alphabet in order to write the Bactrian language. It was used for the "sh" sound in Bactrian. 

Koppa (Greek letter)

Koppa or Qoppa (uppercase/lowercase ) was a letter of the Greek alphabet that was used in some Greek cities before the alphabet got its classic standard form. It is no longer used in normal writing today. It was pronounced as "k", just like Kappa (Κ). In the 5th century BC, people stopped using it and it fell out of use. Kappa then replaced it. In the order of the letters in the alphabet, it came between Pi and Rho, just like in the Latin alphabet the letter Q comes between P and R. However, they kept Koppa as a sign for the number "90" in the system of Greek numerals, but in a third numerical form. People still sometimes use it in this way, even though they do not use it as a letter to write words.

The letter Koppa at first looked like a circle with a small bar under it. Later it was written more like a pointed S.

The letter Q in the Latin alphabet and the letter Ҁ in the Cyrillic alphabet come from Koppa. 


Rho

Rho (uppercase/lowercase Ρ ρ) is the 17th letter of the Greek alphabet. It is used to represent the "r" sound in Ancient and Modern Greek. In the system of Greek numerals, it has a value of 100. Letters that came from it include the Roman R and Cyrillic Р.

In statistics, the lowercase Rho ("ρ") is used to represent population correlation. In physics, the same letter is used to represent density.


Sigma

Sigma (uppercase/lowercase Σ σ ς) is the 18th letter of the Greek alphabet. It is used to represent the "s" sound in Ancient and Modern Greek. In the system of Greek numerals, it has a value of 200. Letters that came from it include the Roman S and Cyrillic С.
The uppercase Σ is the shorthand symbol for summation (the symbol is also known as the summation operator). It is often used to condense Taylor series and to write out trigonometric functions such as sine, cosine, and tangent as series.

The lowercase σ is used to represent population standard deviation in statistics, and permutation function in abstract algebra.



Tau

Tau (uppercase/lowercase Τ τ), is the letter of the Greek alphabet, used to represent the "t" sound in Ancient and Modern Greek. In the system of Greek numerals, it had a value of 300. Letters that came from it include the Roman T and Cyrillic Т.

Some people want to use Tau in place of Pi, the special number that comes from circles. Tau would be equal to two times pi, or about 6.283.

These people want to use Tau because they think it would be easier for everyone to understand. There are many reasons in math why Tau could be useful or helpful. One of the simplest is that it would make learning about radians easier.

A radian is a way of measuring the angle of a circle. It says that the number of radians in an angle is equal to the length of the outside of the circle, or the 'arc length', that is covered by an angle, divided by the radius, or distance from the point in the center of a circle to anywhere on the outside (see the picture on the bottom right of the page).

If the distance covered around the outside of a circle is equal to the radius, than one radian is being covered. Around the whole outside of a circle, there are about 6.283 radians - or, Tau radians (Tau is just a number, like 0, or 7, or 100).

The advantage of this is that one quarter of a circle would simply become Tau / 4 radians, and one half of a circle Tau / 2 radians, which is more in line with our intuition on circles (see also the drawing below).

Not many people use Tau yet, but more and more are.


Upsilon

Upsilon (uppercase/lowercase Υ υ) is the 20th letter of the Greek alphabet. It is used to represent the "u" sound in Ancient Greek and "i" in Modern Greek. In the system of Greek numerals, it has a value of 400. Letters that came from it include the Roman U, V and Y, and the Cyrillic У.

In mathematics, the uppercase formula_1 is used to represent the upsilon function (a variant of Riemann zeta function), while the lowercase formula_2 is used as a general variable. In physics, the uppercase formula_1 is used to represent an upsilon meson. In astrology, the same letter is used for the sign of Aries.


Phi

Phi (uppercase/lowercase Φ φ), is the 21st letter of the Greek alphabet, used to represent the "ph" sound in Ancient Greek. This sound changed to "f" some time in the 1st century AD, and in Modern Greek the letter denotes the "f" sound. In the system of Greek numerals, it has a value of 500. The Cyrillic letter Ф came from Phi. In English, φ is pronounced like "f" but transliterated (re-written) as "ph" in words which originate in Ancient Greek. In those words which originate in Modern Greek, such as feta cheese, φ is transliterated as "f". The letter Phi is used to represent the golden ratio (which is about 1.618).


Chi (letter)

Chi (uppercase/lowercase Χ χ) is the 22nd letter of the Greek alphabet. It is used to represent the "ch" sound (as in Scottish "loch" or German "Bauch") in Ancient and Modern Greek. In the system of Greek numerals, it has a value of 600. Letters that came from it include the Roman X and Cyrillic Х.

In mathematics, the lowercase formula_1 is used to represent characteristic function, chi-square distribution in statistics and Euler characteristic in geometry.


Psi (letter)

Psi (uppercase/lowercase Ψ ψ) is the 23rd letter of the Greek alphabet. It is used to represent the "ps" sound in Ancient and Modern Greek. In the system of Greek numerals, it has a value of 700. Letters that came from it include Cyrillic Ѱ.

In mathematics, the uppercase formula_1 is used as a variable for sets of sentences (in logic), and the lowercase formula_2 is used to represent the sum of reciprocals of Fibonacci numbers. Other applications include the polygamma function, the gamma function and the super golden ratio.


Omega

Omega (uppercase/lowercase Ω ω) is the 24th and the last letter of the Greek alphabet. It stood for a long "o" sound in Ancient Greek. It still stands for "o" in Modern Greek, but there is no longer a difference between long and short vowels, so it sounds the same as Omicron. In the system of Greek numerals, it stands for the number 800. 

There was also once a letter "Omega" Ѡ in the Cyrillic alphabet. It was there so people could spell Greek names both in Cyrillic and in Greek in the same way. However, this letter is no longer used today.

In mathematics, the uppercase omega Ω is used in big-Omega notation (a variant of big-O notation). It is also used to represent the Omega constant. In electromagnetism and engineering, the uppercase Ω is used as the symbol for ohms, which are the units of electrical resistance. In physics and other sciences, the lowercase ω is often used to represent angular frequency. 

In modern English, the phrase "From alpha to omega" expresses the idea of "everything".


Sampi

Sampi or Disigma is a mysterious Greek symbol. Its meaning is still debated today. Some believe it to be a replacement of 'san'. Before that, it was a letter that was used in the Greek alphabet in a few Greek cities in the 5th century BC. At that time, it looked like or . It was probably pronounced like "ts" or "tch" in the dialect of those cities. Over time, it was changed from to or and at last to . Eventually, the letter came out of use, while it was still used to denote "900" in the system of Greek numerals.

Aliteracy

The starting-point for this is to realize that speech is a relative newcomer in human evolution. Recently evolved behaviours are almost always less reliable than long-existing functions. Speech is evolutionarily recent and is unique to humans. Reading is built on speech (presupposes it). If speech itself is an evolutionary novelty, how much more should we expect reading to be a difficult skill?

If that were not enough, the problem of aliteracy exists. This is the state of being able to read but being uninterested in doing so. Teachers and school librarians are trying to deal with this problem. 

Stratford P. Sherman wrote, in a November 18, 1991 article in Fortune magazine, about the need for America to read more. He began by saying that most Americans could not understand the article. He referred to a study by John P. Robinson, a sociology professor at the University of Maryland, showing that the average American at that time spent only 24 minutes per day in reading. He mentioned the continuing decline in newspaper sales, and referred to a guess by Leonard Riggio, CEO of Barnes & Noble, that 50% of books sold by his company were never read. He quoted Samuel Robert Lichter, director of the Center for Media and Public Affairs, on his preference for the ease of turning on the TV instead of reading a book. Sherman went on, in his article, to mention the growing need for skillful commmunication in American business but also the decreasing quality of the same activity. He quoted Monsanto CEO Richard Mahoney on the importance of reading in helping a business manager to see connections between events. He described print media as being first among different media with respect to (1) the amount of information conveyed by so few widely understood symbols, (2) portability, (3) suitability for the user's own speed of use, and (4) economical distribution of broad and deep information which can be used immediately.

Sherman said that Motorola was making preparations to pay $5,000,000 to teach workers reading and other basic skills, and that, since 1982, Ford Motor Company had already sent 32,000 workers on a similar program. He said that Simon & Schuster predicted a market of $500,000,000 per year in the sales of remedial programs to corporations. He quoted a spokesman for the National Association of Broadcasters as saying that "the biggest predictor of scholastic success is the time parents spend reading to their children." However, Sherman said that the amount of time thus spent meant that the outlook was "not bright". 



L'Anse aux Meadows

L'Anse aux Meadows is a historical settlement on the island of Newfoundland in eastern Canada. It was settled by Vikings from Greenland, Iceland, and Norway around the year 1000, almost 500 years before Christopher Columbus came to the Americas. It is the only known Viking place in North America outside of Greenland. The remains of the settlement were discovered in 1960, and were declared a UNESCO World Heritage Site in 1978. 

The Wealth of Nations

An Inquiry into the Nature and Causes of the Wealth of Nations is better known simply as The Wealth of Nations. It was written by Adam Smith in 1776, who was a Scottish man. It looks at division of work, following self-interest, and freedom of trade.

The book was the beginning of classical economics, and market economics. Smith said that if everyone did what was best for themselves, the result would be best for society. Before that, economics was about the king's personal interests, and the wealth of a nation was measured by the king's treasury or by the gold and silver in the country. 

Smith said what's important is what's best for the whole nation, and that wealth should be measured by the yearly income of the nation. He wanted to discover how wealth can grow, and how people could do things to support that growth. Smith's book said land, labor, and capital were the three "factors of production" and the main contributors to a nation's wealth.

Prices naturally adjust to having more or less of something: supply and demand. If there is too much of something (more supply), prices go down so that people have more reason to buy it. If a lot of people want something (high demand), there may not be enough of it (scarcity); there will be a competition among the people who want to buy it, and some people will agree to pay more to get what they want, and prices go up. 
Smith said markets should be free. At the time, some big companies (like the East India Company) were controlled by the government. Sometimes the rulers made laws that were good for themselves but not for workers or customers. For example, in the American colonies, colonists could grow cotton but were not allowed to make clothing from it. They had to ship it to England to be made into clothing, then buy it back after it was finished. Smith said this was bad for individuals and for society. He thought it was better for money to flow freely and naturally between buyers and sellers without outside interference. Money would naturally go to the sellers who made the best product at the best price. This way if people did what was best for them, it would end up being best for society as a whole, almost like an "invisible hand" was guiding everything.

La Dessalinienne

La Dessalinienne (, ; "The Dessalines Song") is the national anthem of Haiti, honoring Jean-Jacques Dessalines. The lyrics (words of the song) were written by Justin Lhérisson and its music composed by Nicolas Geffrard; it was adopted in 1904.


Aisin Gioro Yuhuan

Aixinjueluo Yuhuan (; ) (October 1929 – 23 June 2003) was a recent Chinese traditional artist in both traditional Chinese paintings and traditional Chinese music. He is also one of the few descendants of the royal family of the Qing Dynasty. He is the great-great-grandson of the Daoguang Emperor. He was born in the Prince Gong Mansion in Beijing, China.

In 1957, he joined the China Artists' Association, and in 1981 he was added into The Chinese Great Artists' Dictionary. He has won many art prizes in China dealing with Chinese traditional art, his pieces are mostly landscapes, people, and close-up flowers and bamboo.

YuHuan was an only son of Aixinjueluo Pu Shu Ming who has lived in the Prince Gong Mansion for some time after the Qing Dynasty was overruled. Good links to his uncle Pu Xin-Yu, who was a famous traditional artist of China, provided him with art lessons which set his appetite for painting Chinesetraditional art. In Junior High School, he has already started publishing his own comics on the newspapers, he became more and more interested in the arts, he eventually applied and was accepted by the Arts Department of the Beijing Normal University. The art he was taught at the Beijing Normal University was Western art although he was used to Chinese paintings.

Artist YuHuan was also a sanxian musician, his lessons with traditional Chinese instruments started when he was a child, and still living in the Prince Gong Mansion. At his death, he had already mastered many difficult pieces and he played until his late 60s.

At the age of eight, he started to learn the sanxian, a 500-year-old Chinese three-string, plucked instrument. The song he learned was a song from the Qing Dynasty(the dynasty of his great-great-grandfather), it consisted of 13 pieces, with each piece about 20–45 minutes long. He did not learn all of the pieces of the song because his tutor only knew 13 of them (there were more that his tutor did not know); even so, it took him 2 years to master it, with courses of one 2-hour lesson per week. He had already passed on the song to a lecturer in the Central Conservatoire of Music in Beijing, his student also took two years to master it.

The leaders of many countries and foreign ministers have met with Yuhuan and either bought or received his paintings as donations or presents, the countries include: Hungary, Germany, the US, Canada, Japan, and many more. He has also lectured in many universities Japan, Singapore and Indonesia. Galleries and exhibitions of his work were also presented to and hosted at many of the above countries.

Mr. Aixinjueluo has three successful sons, whose names are Aixinjueluo Hengyue(writer), Aixinjuelo Hengkai(artist), and Aixinjueluo Hengjun(IT specialist).


New Castle, Indiana

New Castle is a city in Henry County, Indiana, 44 miles (71 km) east of Indianapolis, on the Big Blue River. In 1900, 3,406 people lived in the town; in 1910, 9,446; in 1920, 14,458; and in 1940, 16,620. The population was 17,396 in 2020. The city is the county seat of Henry County. New Castle is home to New Castle Fieldhouse, the largest high school gymnasium in the world.



Pop art

Pop art is a modern art movement that developed in the 1950s and 60s. It was created by the Scottish sculptor and artist Eduardo Paolozzi in London, 1952. Andy Warhol, Robert Indiana and Roy Lichtenstein are examples of pop artists.

Pop art has themes and techniques drawn from popular mass culture, such as advertising and comic books. Pop art employs images of popular as opposed to elitist culture in art..

The Independent Group (IG), founded in London in 1951, is regarded as the starting point of the pop art movement. They were a gathering of young painters, sculptors, architects, writers and critics who were challenging modernist approaches to culture as well as traditional views of "fine art". The group discussions centered on popular culture implications from such elements as mass advertising, movies, product design, comic strips, science fiction and technology.

At the first Independent Group meeting in 1952, co-founding member, artist and sculptor Eduardo Paolozzi presented a lecture using a series of collages titled "Bunk!" that he had assembled during his time in Paris between 1947–1949. This material consisted of 'found objects' such as, advertising, comic book characters, magazine covers and various mass-produced graphics that mostly represented American popular culture. One of the images in that presentation was Paolozzi's 1947 collage, "I was a Rich Man's Plaything", which includes the first use of the word "pop″, appearing in a cloud of smoke emerging from a revolver. After Paolozzi's seminal presentation in 1952, the IG focused on the imagery of American popular culture, particularly mass advertising.

The artists use mechanical means of reproduction or rendering techniques which downplay the expressive hand of the artist.

Pop artists went for absolute clarity. Most forms were bordered with black lines as in comic books. The objects are often plain like a poster, and without perspective. The colours are clear, achromatic and primitive colours.

Objects of the everyday life get isolated and modified or processed in collages. Pop art is a connection between reality and art, handled with abstract means. Some of their catchwords are: popular, consumable, cheap, funny and outstanding.
Much of pop art is rather academic, as the unconventional organizational practices used often make it difficult for some to understand. Pop art and minimalism are considered to be the last modern art movements and so the precursors to postmodern art, or some of the earliest examples of postmodern art themselves.





Museum of Modern Art

The Museum of Modern Art (MoMA) is a modern art museum in New York, New York, United States, on 53rd Street between Fifth and Sixth Avenues. It has been called the most important museum of modern art in the world. Some of the artists featured at the museum include Jackson Pollock, Vincent van Gogh, Andy Warhol and Robert Indiana.


Rankine scale

The Rankine scale is a thermodynamic (absolute) temperature scale. It is based around absolute zero. Rankine is similar to the Kelvin scale in that it starts at absolute zero and 0 °Ra is the same as 0 K but is different as a change of 1 °Ra is the same as a change of 1 °F (Fahrenheit) and not 1 °C (Celsius). Note that the abbreviation °R is ambiguous, as it can also refer to the Réaumur scale. 

The Kelvin and Rankine temperature scales are defined so that absolute zero is 0 kelvins (K) or 0 degrees Rankine (°R). The Celsius and Fahrenheit scales are defined so that absolute zero is −273.15 °C or −459.67 °F.

The Rankine scale was originally used in the United States and France.

High fidelity

High fidelity or hi-fi is a way of describing a very good home music system. "High fidelity" means that the sound is as close to the original as possible with no changes or added noise. People who like hi-fi are sometimes called audiophiles. Hi-fi is often now called "high-end audio".

In the 1930s and 1940s, vacuum tubes were used to make radios and electronic amplifiers. Radio was becoming popular, and microphones, amplifiers and loudspeakers began to be sold. Manufacturers began to compete to produce the best product. A lot of research was done at Bell Laboratories and products were made by Western Electric.

Then a new kind of vinyl record with less noise and better sound was invented. Manufacturers began to call their equipment and records "high fidelity" to help sell them. In the 1950s, "hi-fi" became the popular term, replacing "phonograph" and "record player". Rather than playing a record "on the phonograph," people would play it "on the hi-fi".

In the late 1950s and early 1960s, Westrex invented the stereo record that used two speakers. This led to more improvements in home audio. The word "stereo" replaced the word "hi-fi." Records were now played on "a stereo". 

Some people bought individual parts (separate speakers and amplifiers), and even built their own equipment. The term "high fidelity" is still used for very good music systems.


Derby

Derby is a city in the East Midlands region of England. It is on the banks of the River Derwent in the south of Derbyshire. In the 2001 census, 233,700 people lived there. At that time, Derby was the 18th largest place in England.

The city has Roman, Saxon and Viking origins.

The Roman camp of 'Derventio' was probably near to Derby. The site of the old Roman fort is at Chester Green. Later the town was one of the 'Five Boroughs' of the Danelaw.

The town name is seen as 'Darby' or 'Darbye' on early modern maps, such as that of Speed (1610).

Modern research into the history and archaeology of Derby has shown that the Vikings and Anglo-Saxons probably co-existed, occupying two areas of land surrounded by water. The Anglo-Saxon Chronicle (c. 900) says that "Derby is divided by water". These areas of land were known as Norþworþig and Deoraby, and were at the "Irongate" (north) side of Derby.

In World War I, Derby was targeted by German Zeppelin air bombers. They killed five people in a 1916 raid on the town.

All Saints Church was designated as a cathedral in 1927. That showed that the town was ready for city status.

In the 1920s and 1930s, slums were cleared out and people were moved to new council estates in the suburbs. There were also houses for sale there. Rehousing, council house building and private housing developments continued on a large scale for some 30 years after the end of World War II in 1945.

Derby became a high profile town internationally in sport following the appointment of Brian Clough as manager of Derby County F.C. in 1967. Promotion to the Football League First Division was achieved in 1969, and County won of the English league three years later. Following the Clough's resignation in 1973, his successor guided County to another league title in 1975, but this is the club's last major trophy to date; relegation followed in 1980 and top flight status was not regained until 1987, since when Derby have spent a total of 10 seasons (across two spells) in the top flight. The club moved from its century-old Baseball Ground in 1997 to the new Pride Park Stadium.

Derby was awarded city status on 7 June 1977 by Queen Elizabeth II. Until then, Derby had been one of the few towns in England with a cathedral but not city status.

Despite its strategic industries (rail and aero-engine), Derby suffered comparatively little damage in both world wars (contrast Bristol and Filton). This may in part have been due to the jamming of the German radio-beam navigations systems (X-Verfahren and Knickebein), camouflage and decoy techniques ('Starfish sites') were built, mainly south of the town, e.g. out in fields near Foremark.


Derby has several sports clubs.

Derby's main football club is Derby County who've won the FA Cup and the Football League. There are also three senior non-league football clubs based in the city. Derby also had a short lived baseball team, which played at Derby's former ground.

Arthur Keily the marathon runner and Olympian was born in Derbyshire in 1921 and has lived his whole life in Derby. In Rome in 1960 he broke the English Olympic record, recording a time of 2hours 27mins.

Derby has the first public park in the country to have an arboretum, which is south of the city centre. The arboretum was set up by the philanthropic landowner and industrialist Joseph Strutt in 1840. The arboretum's website states that the arboretum's design was the inspiration for the vision of great urban parks in the USA, notably Central Park in New York City.

There are four museums: Derby Museum and Art Gallery; Pickford's House Museum; The Silk Mill and The Royal Crown Derby Museum.

Stereo

Stereophonic sound, also simply called stereo, is the reproduction of sound using two or more audio loudspeakers. This creates a pleasant and natural sound heard from various directions, as in natural hearing. 

The word "stereophonic" comes from Greek "stereos" = "solid" and "phōnē" = "sound". It was coined by Western Electric.

In popular usage, stereo usually means two-channel sound recording and sound reproduction using data from two speakers. The electronic device for playing back stereo sound is often called "a stereo".

Ely, Cambridgeshire

Ely (; , rhyming with "freely") is a cathedral city in the East Cambridgeshire district of Cambridgeshire in the east of England and north north-east of Cambridge.

Ely has been called a city for a long time because it has a cathedral. However, the Royal Charter making it a city was only issued in 1974. Ely's population was 15,102 in 2001. This means Ely is the third smallest city in England. Only after Wells in Somerset and the City of London which are smaller.

The University of Cambridge rowing team has a boathouse on the bank of the river and train there for the annual Boat Race against the University of Oxford.

The 1944 Boat Race was raced on the River Great Ouse near Ely, the only time it has not been held on the River Thames. The race was won by Oxford despite Cambridge being ahead early in the contest.

Ely is built on an clay which is one of the highest points in the Fens. This is very different to the West of Cambridgeshire which is made up of limestone. The river Great Ouse runs through the city, and is one of the longest rivers in the UK with many others flowing into it. The drainage area of the rivers that form the Great Ouse is around 6000 square miles (16,000 square kilometres). This is five times larger than the Fens itself The landscape was a large marsh until the 18th century, when much of the Fens was drained, making Ely no longer an island. Because of this, the ground around the city is very fertile and most of the region is used for farming. The marshes also had many different animals in them such as the Eel, which the city is named after.

Cambridgeshire is one of the driest counties in Britain. It is protected from coastal wind from the east. It gets an average of 24 inches (600mm) of rain per year. Because of this, Cambridgeshire is warm in summer and cold and frosty in winter.

Tube sound

Tube sound (or valve sound) is the sound produced by a vacuum tube-based audio amplifier. All amplifiers distort to some degree; some audiophiles prefer the sound produced by tube amplifiers. The reasons for the difference in sound between tube and solid state electronic devices is a continuing debate among audiophiles.


Derby (disambiguation)

Derby is the county town of Derbyshire. It may also refer to:

In Australia:

In South Africa:

In the United Kingdom:

In the United States:




Gamma (disambiguation)

Gamma is a Greek letter. Used as a symbol or name it may refer to:


The Greek letter gamma is used in both science and mathematics very often.







Chi

CHI could mean:


Chi could mean:

Mu

Mu can be:

μ is used as a symbol for:

In Asian languages:

Mu may also refer to:

MU may stand for:

Nu

Nu could mean:

In universities:

In other abbreviations:

In codes:

In music:

Omega (disambiguation)

Omega is the last letter in the Greek alphabet. See that article for more uses of the upper case (Ω) or lower case (ω) letter as a symbol.

Omega could also mean:














Phi (disambiguation)

Phi could mean:


Pi (disambiguation)

Pi (math), formula_1, or π, is the mathematical constant equal to a circle's circumference divided by its diameter.

Pi may also refer to:



Sound recording and reproduction

Sound recording and reproduction is the storage of sound and playing it back so that a person can hear the same sound more than once. It is a process wherein sound waves are captured by a machine. The machine converts the waves into electrical signals or digital data, that are then stored on recording media (such as gramophone records, cassette tapes, compact discs or computer hard drives). The sound can then be played back by reversing the process.

Most recordings are of music, people speaking or singing, and sound effects. They are usually used for entertainment (fun), or for scientific and historical reasons.

Sound is recorded onto a medium by different methods. The ways that recordings are made have changed a lot since sound was first recorded.

The first machines for recording sound were mechanical, not electrical. The phonograph was invented by Thomas Alva Edison in 1877. Phonographs have a spinning cylinder covered in a soft material such as tin foil, lead, wax, or amberol. Sound waves shake a small needle so that its motion carries the waves. As the cylinder turns, the needle draws the motion of the sound waves in the soft coating. This made the cylinder a recording of the sound that was in the needle.

This recording is played back by tracing another needle through the groove in the cylinder. This recreates the small vibrations in the playback needle. These vibrations could be amplified (made louder) to create louder, more audible sound.

The phonograph was useful for making single recordings, but a big disadvantage was the difficulty of making copies of the cylinders.

The problem of copying recordings got better with the invention of the gramophone (also called the "phonograph" in American English) around 1888. The gramophone works in much the same way as the phonograph, but instead of a cylinder, the needle's grooves are etched into a disk record which turns on a spinning table. Because the record media was flat, copying recordings was much simpler. Pressing the original recording onto a plate of shellac created a negative master, where the grooves were bumps on the surface instead of being scratched into the surface. The master could be used to produce many copies through the opposite process.

The first records were made mostly of rubber or shellac, but later records were made of vinyl.

Originally, records spun at a rate of 78 rotations per minute, or 78 rpm. As technology got better, records could spin more slowly, but still reproduce sound better and play for longer amounts of time. 45 rpm became common in the middle 20th century, and by the late 1900s most records were 33 rpm.

In the late 1930s the tape recorder appeared. Tape recorders use a magnetic tape as a medium, with a "recording head" to store the sound on the tape. Sound waves are converted into an electrical signal inside the recorder. This signal goes into the head, where it changes the polarity of very small magnets. Tape moves past the head at a constant speed, and its magnetic particles are rearranged by these magnets to a pattern that represents the sound wave. These magnetic patterns are much like the small grooves of a cylinder or disc record in the way that they represent the vibration energy of sound waves.

When a tape is played back, it runs past a "playback head" which reads the magnetic patterns off the tape and converts them back into an electrical signal. The electrical signal can then be converted into sound waves or copied to some other kind of sound-processing machine.

A magnetic tape is divided into several "tracks". Each track uses up part of the width of the tape, and can store a completely different recording that can be played back at the same time as the other tracks. A two-track tape has one track on half of the tape and another track on the other half. A four-track tape has four tracks all lying next to one another, like a highway with four lanes. Most tape recordings today are stereophonic (or "stereo"), meaning that they have two tracks which are meant to be played together. Usually one is played on the listener's left side and the other is on the listener's right side, to match the listener's two ears.

Early tapes were wound flat on a storage reel and transferred to a "take-up reel" as they were recorded or played. After recording or playback, they were "rewound" so that they were stored only on the storage reel. This kind of system is usually called "reel to reel" today. It is still used today for some professional recording and playback, but for home use reels were mostly replaced with other kinds of tape in the 1970s. Cassettes are small cartridges containing two reels inside. Cassettes move a four-track tape in either of two directions, corresponding to their "side A" and "side B" labels. The reel on the left contains the unplayed or unrecorded tape, and the reel on the right contains the tape that has already passed the recording or playback head. When you turn the cassette over, the tape still moves from left to right, but this is really the opposite direction. The "side A" recording plays two tracks as stereo, and the "side B" recording plays the other two.

Eight-track tapes were popular for a while in the 1970s and 1980s. Eight-tracks work much like cassettes, but the tape is a loop: it repeats after being played all the way through. Because it has eight tracks, there are four "programs" to select from, each in stereo. Eight-tracks are not very popular anymore, but can still be found in hobbyist collections.

Professional tape-recording systems may have even more tracks, or might use them differently. Usually a system like this is designed to allow someone to mix the tracks in different ways than they were originally recorded. However, there is a kind of recording called quadraphonic that uses four-track tape to play four different tracks at the same time. A good quadraphonic recording can sound much more "real" than stereo or monophonic recordings.

Tape recording technology was used from the early days of computing to store digital information. As computer technology improved, so did magnetic tape technology. In the 1980s Digital Audio Tape (DAT) technology emerged. DAT is designed to work much like cassette, except DAT's magnetic patterns represent digital data instead of sound vibrations. This digital data is a digital audio recording which can be copied and reproduced with many different computer systems. Moving to digital takes the medium one step farther from the original sound. Instead of being a sound medium, the DAT is a data medium, and the data is a sound medium. This is more technically complex, but also more flexible. DAT has been used for many kinds of data recording, in addition to sound.

The compact disc (CD) medium was developed in the 1980s as a new way to bring digital recordings of music to the market. Except for the introduction of the CD-ROM and several kinds of recordable CD, the CD has not changed much since then. Like DAT, it is a data medium rather than a way of recording vibrations directly. It was introduced to provide music in a way that is cheap for manufacturers but relatively high-quality, but it has since been adapted to meet many data-storage needs. Like DAT, the CD requires computer technology to record and to play.

By the 1990s, CDs had replaced cassettes and records as the main kind of commercial music media. Today, although CDs are still very popular, "online" digital recordings like MP3s are gaining fast.

The earliest methods of recording sound involved the live recording of the performance directly to the recording medium. This was an entirely mechanical process, often called "acoustical recording". The sound of the performers was captured by a diaphragm with the cutting needle connect to it. The needle made the grooves in the recording medium.

To make this process as efficient as possible the diaphragm was located at the apex of a cone and the performer(s) would crowd around the other end. If a performer was too loud then they would need to move back from the mouth of the cone to avoid drowning out the other performers. As a result of this, in early Jazz recordings a block of wood was used in place of the bass drum.

The introduction of electrical recording made it possible to use microphones to capture the sound of the performance. The leading record labels switched to the electric microphone process in 1925, and most other record companies followed their lead by the end of the decade. Electrical recording increased the flexibility and sound quality. However once the performance was still cut to the recording medium, so if a mistake was made the recording was useless.

Electrical recording made it possible to record one part to disc and then play that back while playing another part, recording both parts to a second disc. This is called "over-dubbing". The first commercially issued records using over-dubbing were released by the Victor Talking Machine Company in the late 1920s. However overdubbing was of limited use until the introduction of analog audio tape. Use of tape overdubbing was pioneered by Les Paul and is called 'sound on sound' recording. In this way performances could be built up over time.

The analog tape recorder made it possible to erase or record over a previous recording so that mistakes could be fixed. Another advantage of recording on tape is the ability to cut the tape and join it back together. This allows the recording to be edited. Pieces of the recording can be removed, or rearranged. See Audio editing

The introduction of electronic instruments (especially keyboards and synthesisers), effects and other instruments has led to the importance of MIDI in recording. For example, using MIDI timecode, it is possible to have different equipment 'trigger' without direct human intervention at the time of recording.

In more recent times, computers (digital audio workstation) have found an increasing role in the recording studio, as their use eases the tasks of cutting and looping, as well as allowing for instantaneous changes, such as duplication of parts, the addition of affects and the rearranging of parts of the recording.

The French bookseller and printer Édouard-Léon Scott de Martinville was the earliest known inventor of sound recording. It is believed he invented the first ever sound recording device known as the Phonautograph.


San

San or SAN (acronym) may refer to:

In mathematics:

In technology:

In biology:

In history:

In fiction:

In geography:

In organizations and groups:

In transportation:

In Music:

In other languages:


Other uses:

Sho

Sho could mean: 
Shō could mean several things:

Stigma

Stigma (plural: stigmata) may refer to:

In biology:


In discrimination:


In literature:


In music:


In sociology:


In other fields:


Storage area network

A Storage area network (SAN) is a computing solution for accessing and storing data. To the user, Storage Area Networks appear to be local to the operating system, but they are actually remote.

To understand the difference between a SAN and Network Attached Storage (NAS), the difference between the file system and storage must be made clear.

The file system is the interface that allows the user to access their data that is stored in physical storage (such as hard disks). From the point of view of the user, their data is saved as files. The file system takes care of storing the file data, which might actually be broken up into pieces and stored in different locations in storage.

On a personal computer, the file system and storage are on the same machine (Direct Attached Storage). In Network Attached Storage, the file system and storage are on a remote server. In a Storage Area Network, the file system is on the local machine, and the storage is on a remote machine.

Zeta (disambiguation)

Zeta or ZETA can refer to:







Rings of Saturn

The rings of Saturn are the planetary rings around the planet Saturn, which can be seen with a small telescope. They consist of many small particles, ranging in size from microscopic to the size of a bus (or bigger) that form clumps that move around Saturn. The particles in the rings are made almost entirely of water ice, with just a small amount of dust and other chemicals. There are some gaps in the rings. The moon Pan causes the gap called the "Encke gap" in Saturn's A ring. The "Cassini Division", discovered by Giovanni Domenico Cassini, is a gap between the A ring and the B ring. It is a product of orbital resonance.

Network-attached storage

Network attached storage (or NAS) is a computing solution. It means that storage (like a number of hard disks) is put on a computer network, so different users can access it. Today, boxes that already can do this are available rather cheaply. Also, such boxes can be built easily using a small or old computer. NAS is similar to, but easier to set up than a Storage area network.

Republic of Lakotah

The Republic of Lakotah is a proposed enclave nation inside the United States. It was created by a Native American group called the "Lakotah Freedom Delegation". The group believes that the Republic of Lakotah should be treated as a separate country. At the moment, no other country agrees that it is. The area includes parts of North and South Dakota, Nebraska, Wyoming and Montana.

When European settlers first came to North America, the had been living there for thousands of years. The Lakotah are a Native American tribe that lives in the north central part of the United States. The Lakotah first signed treaties with the United States in the 1800s. Since that time, the Lakotah have been citizens of the United States. 

The Lakotah Freedom Delegation espouses principles aligned with that of the global movements, and has stated several reasons for its assertion of sovereignty, all a result of what they refer to as the " " of the in the United States. The group claims that control by the United States has led to massive unemployment, poverty, and disease among the Lakota peoples and alleges that 150 years of U.S. administration is responsible for the statistical poverty of Lakota lands. The group claims that withdrawal from the United States will reverse these problems, and help re-establish the and culture. The group claims there have been persistent violations by the United States of their treaties with the Lakota. 

On December 17, 2007, the Lakotah Freedom Delegation, consisting of Russell Means, Tegheya Kte (also known as Garry Rowland), Duane "Canupa Gluha Mani" Martin, and Phyllis Young, traveled to Washington D.C. and delivered declaring that Lakotah tribe should no longer be a part of the United States. They wanted to return to the way things were before they signed the treaties.

They drew up borders for the Republic. The area included parts of North and South Dakota, Nebraska, Wyoming and Montana. No other country has supported them. Most people feel these are to still belong to the United States.

In December 2007, the Lakotah Freedom Delegation traveled to Washington, D.C. to speak with the State Department. They said that the Lakota were withdrawing from several treaties that had been signed with the United States citing violations by the federal government. For example, the US and the Lakotah made an agreement called the . It said that the Lakotah could keep the Black Hills. The Black Hills are a very sacred place for the Lakotah. The US broke the agreement and invaded the Black Hills when gold was found there. Today, the Black Hills is home to the National monument of Mount Rushmore.

The group does not think that the Republic of Lakotah is a new country but that it is an old country that has been revived. None of the existing, recognized, Lakota tribal governments support the proposed republic, and they were not consulted about the proposal. Traditionally, a vote is needed to change a treaty. Seventy-five percent of the Lakotah males need to vote to approve the change. There was no vote on the plans to create the Republic of Lakotah.

The group argues that it is legal for the Lakotah to be its own country. They have referenced the Vienna Convention on the Law of Treaties, Article Six of the United States Constitution and the United Nations to support their plans.

In a news release on January 15, 2008, the Republic of Lakotah proposed that independence from the United States might follow a , and suggested that the independence process could resemble that of the , , the , or the .

The proposed boundaries of Lakotah would be the to the north, the to the south, the to the east and an irregular line marking the west. These borders coincide with those set by the . The Republic of Lakotah announced its provisional capital as , with hopes in the long run to move the administration closer to .

Citizenship in the proposed republic would be open to people of all and to any resident of the land Lakotah claims. The group said they planned to issue their own passports and driver licenses in the name of the proposed nation. The group proposed that the nation be organized as a that would respect the of "" and ""; would offer "individual liberty through community rule;" and would collect no nationwide taxes. Individual communities within the proposed nation, however, would be allowed to levy taxes with the consent of the taxed. Means suggested that the proposed nation should not use but instead adopt a . Means stated that this system of government is derived from the traditional Lakota government system, saying, "...we are going to implement how we lived prior to . Each community will be a mini-state unto itself... They will form the federation known as Lakotah." Leaders of communities would be informally chosen by of the community.

On January 1, 2008, the republic announced that it would begin to file the on all U.S. government-held lands within their claimed borders; however, the first round of liens, in an unnamed county in South Dakota, were rejected. In July 2008, Means announced that the Republic of Lakotah would be creating an all-Lakota "grand jury" to investigate corruption by U.S. government officials on the seven reservations in the republic's claimed territory. In early 2008, Means stated that he intended to treat the result of the upcoming 2008 , in which he was a candidate, as a "/" on Lakota independence. He lost that election 1,918 to 2,277.

At the moment, supporters of the Lakotah Freedom Delegation are in discussion over the name of the country. Some people like the name "Republic of Lakotah." Others prefer "Lakotah Oyate" where ""Oyate"" is the Lakotah word meaning "nation".

The referred queries on the subject of Lakotah to the , which oversees the . Gary Garrison of the BIA said that the group's withdrawal "doesn't mean anything." He went on to say, "These are not legitimate tribal governments elected by the people ... when they begin the process of violating other people's rights, breaking the law, they're going to end up like all the other groups that have declared themselves independent—usually getting arrested and being put in jail."

Regarding the government response, or lack thereof, Russell Means stated that, "I don't expect the federal government to do anything. I don't believe they even know what to do."

Contrary to Means' claims, none of the existing Lakota tribal governments supported the proposed republic, and they were not consulted about the proposal. "" reporter Bill Harlan reported on his that "...most folks I talk to hadn't heard about the declaration. The ones who had heard the news, to a person, did not want to talk about it on the record." The "Journal" noted that "...there were no tribal presidents in the group which made the announcement, no one from the top ranks of any of the Lakota Sioux tribes..." Nanwica Kciji, an and first president of the Native American Journalists Association, has discredited the December 2007 developments, arguing that the Lakotah Freedom Delegation "never considered that treaties are made between nations and not individuals." According to scholar Hiroshi Fukurai, "...the declaration of independence by the Republic of Lakotah in 2007 has been largely ignored by the US, as well as by the UN and its Member States."

Rodney Bordeaux, chairman of the , said that has no interest in joining the Republic of Lakotah and said that the Lakota Freedom Delegation never presented their plan to the tribal council. Bordeaux stated that the group does not represent the Lakota people nor the support of the elected tribal governments. He did say, however, that Means "...made some good points". Joseph Brings Plenty, chairman of the , agreed that the Lakota Freedom Delegation "...are not representative of the nation I represent..." but would not say whether he agreed or disagreed with their goals and message, noting there was some value in the group's actions in raising awareness for the history of the Lakota people.

The , in an announcement dated December 21, 2007, "applauded" the independent Lakota nation and granted it "full recognition". The secessionist movement has also announced its support, and encouraged other American Indian groups to similarly declare independence from the United States.

In February 2008, the Lakotah Freedom Delegation handed over a formal petition, asking for recognition of the Republic of Lakotah, to the embassies of , , , , , , , , , , , , , and . 

According to Means, Venezuela's ambassador to the United States stated to the group that his country would not recognize Lakotah's independence based on Venezuela's interpretation of what the Lakotah Freedom Delegation is doing.

Chanson

Chanson is the French word for "song". The word is often used in music to mean any song with French words, but it is more often used when talking about songs in which lyrics have been set to music by French classical composers.

Very often "chansons" refers to the French songs that were sung in the late Middle Ages and Renaissance. People who sang these chansons were called "chansonniers". They had various forms, including ballade, rondeau and virelai. Some composers at the time liked to set popular poetry to music. The earliest chansons were for two, three or four voices, many of them being for three voices. By the 16th century most were for four voices. Sometimes, the singers were accompanied by instruments. 

The first important composer of chansons was the medieval composer Guillaume de Machaut. In the Renaissance Guillaume Dufay and Gilles Binchois wrote many simple chansons. Later Johannes Ockeghem and Josquin des Prez composed chansons which had lots of imitation between the voices. Clément Janequin wrote more simple, homophonic chansons. He worked in the area around Paris. Later composers such as Orlando de Lassus were influenced by the Italian madrigal. The style of music started to be used in music for instruments.

The first book of sheet music printed from movable type was "Harmonice Musices Odhecaton", a collection of 96 chansons by many composers, published in Venice in 1501.

During the 16th century French songs started to be composed with lute or keyboard accompaniment. In the 19th century many composers wrote songs with piano accompaniment. These chansons were often called mélodies.

In France today "chanson" often refers to the work of more popular singers such as Georges Brassens, Jacques Brel, Édith Piaf, Camille, Olivia Ruiz.
French chansons of Jacques Brel have been translated and are interpreted in English by Arnold Johnston, Professor at West Michigan University. More than 100 chansons of Brel, Brassens, Barbara, Bécaud, Ferrat, Aznavour, Trenet et Ferré have been translated and are interpreted in German language by the Duo Stéphane & Didier (see www.deutsche-chanson-texte.de).


A-type asteroid

A-type asteroids are fairly uncommon closer asteroids that have a strong, broad 1 µm olivine feature and a very reddish spectrum shortwards of 0.7 µm. They are thought to come from the completely differentiated mantle of an asteroid.

A-type asteroids are so rare that as of 2005 only 17 had been found.


C-type asteroid

C-type asteroids are asteroids made of carbonates. They are the most common variety taking up around 75% of known asteroids, and an even higher percentage in the farther part of the belt beyond 2.7 AU, which is dominated by this asteroid type. The amount of C-types may actually be higher than this, because C-types are much darker than most other asteroid types except D-types and others common only at the extreme farther edge of the Main Belt.

This type of asteroid has very similar spectra to carbonaceous chondrite meteorites (types CI and CM), whose chemical make-up is about the same as the Sun and the primitive solar nebula, except that they do not contain hydrogen, helium and other volatiles. Hydrated (water-containing) minerals are present.

C-type asteroids are very dark with albedos usually in the 0.03 to 0.10 range. Consequently, whereas a number of S-types can normally be viewed with binoculars at opposition, even the biggest C-types require a small telescope. The potentially brightest C-type asteroid is 324 Bamberga, but that object's very high eccentricity means it rarely reaches its maximum magnitude.

Their spectra contain moderately strong ultraviolet absorption at wavelengths below about 0.4 μm to 0.5 μm, while at longer wavelengths they are very featureless but slightly reddish. The so-called "water" absorption feature around 3 μm, which can be a sign of water content in minerals is also present.

The biggest unequivocally C-type asteroid is 10 Hygiea, although the SMASS classification places the biggest asteroid 1 Ceres, here as well, because that scheme lacks a G-type.

Marcus Aemilius Lepidus

Marcus Aemilius Lepidus (born 88/89 BC, died 12/13 BC) was a Roman politician. He was one of the closest men to Julius Caesar. He was Caesar's deputy in Rome when Caesar was away from Rome defeating Pompey in the battle of Pharsalus in Greece. He served as "Pontifex Maximus" (High Priest) after Caesar's death. 

Together with Octavian and Mark Antony he formed the Second Triumvirate to oppose the conspirators. The Triumvirate was set up to sideline the Consuls and Senate, which means it was the effective end of the Roman Republic.

Lepidus was older than the other two triumvirs. After the Battle of Philippi, he governed Spain and part of North Africa. He was blamed for a revolt in Sicily. This gave Octavian the excuse to strip him of his offices, except for Pontifex Maximus. He died peacefully in Circeii in Italy about end 12 to early 13 BC.

Chicago (disambiguation)

Chicago, Illinois is the third largest city in the United States of America.

"Chicago" may also mean:
There are several Chicago schools of thought, generally named after distinguished programs of the University of Chicago. These include:

In Entertainment:

Lacrosse

Lacrosse, invented by the Native Americans, is a popular team sport in North America and a national summer sport for Canada. It involves the use of nets, or "heads" as they are called, which consist of a wooden or metal shaft with a net on the end. Hockey is a game based on this sport. Lacrosse is the most growing sport in the world. It is also the fastest sport on 2 feet 

There are about three different forms of lacrosse based on the different Native American tribes or places of how they played it. One of the ways still played today is called double stick; you play by using a two and a half foot stick in each hand and tossing a deer skin ball in between the two sticks.

The name “lacrosse” was named by the French settlers; with “Crosse” meaning curved stick it is called the curved stick. Lacrosse played a more serious role in Native American culture than anywhere else. It was often used to settle tribal disagreements. Lacrosse was not a very well-known sport until the late nineteenth century. Now more than half a million people are playing, making it the most growing sport in the world. 

Lacrosse has two teams, each with ten players. There is one goalie(using a head much larger than a normal players), three defensemen(using a stick with a longer shaft), three midfielders and three attack men. The goalies defend the goals, and if the ball goes into the goal, the team who scored the goal gains a point. Whoever scores the most goals by the end of the game wins, with an overtime period being played if the game is tied. The game has four quarters and starts with a "face off" at the beginning of each quarter. A face off is when the ball is on the ground to start the game, and one person from each team fights for possession of the ball, but in women's lacrosse the game begins with a draw, where the ball is above the ground and it is pressed between 2 sticks and each team fights for possession of the ball


Steve Reich

Stephen Michael "Steve" Reich (Born October 3, 1936) is an American composer of music in the style of minimalism. He is known for his music made with tape recordings, and instrumental music with a steady beat (such as Music for 18 Musicians).

He also wrote pieces that used what is called a phasing technique. With phasing technique, two parts might be playing the same part but at slightly different speeds. It is almost like a canon, or round. He wrote pieces like these for piano, violin, and, again, for tape recordings.

He also composed such pieces like In C and Different Trains, some of his most popular works. Others include, Drumming, City Life and The Cave. 

The critic Kyle Gann has said Reich "may...be considered...America's greatest living composer."

On January 25, 2007, Reich was named the 2007 recipient of the Polar Music Prize, together with jazz saxophonist Sonny Rollins. On April 20, 2009, Reich was awarded the 2009 Pulitzer Prize for Music for his "Double Sextet".


Girl group

A girl group is a music group with a group of female singers who normally harmonise together.

The term "girl group" is also used in a narrower sense in English-speaking countries. It suggests the American female pop singing groups of the late 1950s and early 1960s. They were hugely successful for a time, between the decline of early rock and roll and the British Invasion. Many of them were influenced by doo-wop style.

In the 1950s and 60s, the groups were mostly self-organised, girls who knew each other and often grew up together. The Chantels, for example, were four girl choristers from a Catholic high school in the Bronx, 1957. The Ronettes were two sisters and a cousin. The Supremes were girls from a public housing estate in Detroit, Michigan. They were, and still are, America's most successful vocal group of all time. These groups had managers, of course, because they needed someone to deal with the music industry. But the managers did not set up the groups; they came after the groups were formed.

Later, almost all groups were created by public relations professionals to meet a market need. The Spice Girls were a good example of this. They were put together in the mid-1990s by a family management team. Their managers' idea was to create a girl group to compete with popular boy bands that dominated the pop music scene in the mid- to late-1990s. The Spice Girls sold most albums, and had the best-selling album of all time.

One obvious difference between the earlier groups and the later ones was in their social backgrounds. Earlier American groups, having grown up together, were all of the same social origin and colour. What is more, they had usually sung together, and socialised together, before they formed up as a group. This is also true of most of the earlier British boy groups. The later groups, on the other hand, were deliberately chosen for variety. This was done so that all sections of the audience would have at least one member they could identify with. They had not sung together, or maybe met each other, until their PR manager introduced them.

With the changing times, the marketing of popular music changed greatly, so that direct comparison of sales is not simple. but in many parts of the world digital sales are now the most important.

Heath Ledger

Heath Andrew Ledger (April 4, 1979 – January 22, 2008) was an Australian Oscar-winning actor.

Ledger started acting on television in the 1990s and then began acting in Hollywood movies. He was an important actor in many movies, including "The Patriot", "Monster's Ball", and "Brokeback Mountain". He acted as The Joker in "The Dark Knight". 

Ledger died in New York City on January 22, 2008. His last movie, "The Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus", came out in 2009.

Heath Ledger was born in Perth, Western Australia. Heath and his sister Katherine were named after the two main characters in the book "Wuthering Heights" by Emily Brontë. Ledger went to Guildford Grammar School, where he started acting. When he was 10 years old, he acted in a school play as Peter Pan.

When he was sixteen years old, Ledger graduated school early to become an actor. With his best friend, Trevor DiCarlo, Ledger drove across Australia to Sydney. He came back to Perth in to act in the television series "Sweat" which was on television in 1996. In this series, he played a gay bicycle rider.

In 1996, Ledger acted in the fantasy-drama television series "Roar". In 1999, Ledger had the main role in the teen comedy movie "10 Things I Hate About You". He also had the main role in the Australian movie "Two Hands", directed by Gregor Jordan.

From 2000 to 2005, Ledger had main acting roles in many movies, like "The Patriot", "Monster's Ball", "A Knight's Tale", "The Four Feathers", "Ned Kelly", "The Order", and "The Brothers Grimm". In 2001, he won a prize called the ShoWest Award for the "Male Star of Tomorrow" for his acting in "The Patriot" and "A Knight's Tale". In 2003, he was named one of Australian GQ's "Men of the Year" for acting.

Ledger was given the "Best Actor of 2005" award from both the New York Film Critics Circle and the San Francisco Film Critics Circle for his acting in "Brokeback Mountain". In this movie, he plays a worker on a ranch in Wyoming named Ennis Del Mar, who is in love with a rodeo performer named Jack Twist, who is played by Jake Gyllenhaal. He also was nominated to win a Golden Globe award "Best Actor in a Drama" and the Academy Award for Best Actor for this acting, but he did not win either prize.

Also in 2005, Ledger acted as the character Giacomo Casanova in the romantic comedy movie called "Casanova". This movie also included actress Sienna Miller.

In 2006, Ledger was asked to join the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences. In 2007, he was one of six actors to act as different sides of singer Bob Dylan in the movie "I'm Not There".

Ledger acted in the role of the comic book villain The Joker in the movie "The Dark Knight". This movie follows the 2005 movie "Batman Begins". The movie was released on July 18, 2008. He was given respect and many awards for how well he acted in this movie, even though he died six months before it was shown in movie theaters. Some of these awards were the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor and the Golden Globe Award for Best Supporting Actor.

Also after he died, the movie "The Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus" was first shown in movie theaters in 2009. Ledger was supposed to act as the main role of Doctor Parnassus, but he only filmed about half of the scenes before he died. The director for this movie, Terrry Gilliam, decided that the movie would be changed so that three other actors would also act as this character in some parts of the movie. The other actors were Johnny Depp, Colin Farrell, and Jude Law, who were all friends with Heath Ledger before he died.

Ledger started a record company with a singer named Ben Harper. In 2006, Ledger was the director of three music videos. The songs for these music videos were "Cause an Effect" and "Seduction Is Evil (She's Hot)" by Australian hip-hop musician N'fa, and "Morning Yearning" by Ben Harper.

Ledger had problems with paparazzi. It is said that he spat at and assaulted a photographer in Sydney in 2004. His relative is also said to have spat on a photographer in 2005. Ledger said this was not true.

Ledger caused problems after he was quoted in January 2006 in Australia's "Herald Sun" saying that West Virginia had banned "Brokeback Mountain" when it had not. He also said the state had lynchings as recently as the 1980s. These statements have been said to not be true by historians, who said that the last illegal public hanging in West Virginia happened in 1931.

From August 2002 to April 2004, Ledger had a relationship with actress Naomi Watts. They met when they both acted in the movie "Ned Kelly". Before that, he dated the actresses Lisa Zane and Heather Graham.

Ledger was engaged to actress Michelle Williams, whom he met while making the movie "Brokeback Mountain". They had one daughter, Matilda Rose, was born on October 28, 2005 in New York City.

In August 2007, the magazine "Us Weekly" said that Ledger and Williams ended their relationship. Ledger and Williams both said that the rumor was not true at that time. In September 2007, Williams' father, Larry, told the "Sydney Daily Telegraph" that Ledger and Williams had separated.

Ledger was found dead in his apartment in the SoHo neighborhood of New York City on January 22, 2008. Ledger's body was found by a housekeeper and a massage therapist, who entered the bedroom to find him face down on the floor with sleeping pills on a nearby table. The police said that it did not look like the death was suicide. They also did not think his death was caused by someone else.

On January 23, 2008, Ledger's parents and sister appeared outside Ledger's mother's house in Applecross, Western Australia and read a short statement to news reporters:
The Australian Prime Minister Kevin Rudd released a statement saying, "It was with great sadness that I have learned of the passing of Heath Ledger... It is tragic that we have lost one of our nation's finest actors in the prime of his life."

If an award in this list is marked as "Nominated," it means that people were thinking about giving that award to Heath Ledger but chose to give it to someone else.



Exposure

Exposure comes from the Latin word "expōnere" which means to put out. It can mean:


Exposure (photography)

In photography, exposure is used to mean two things. Photograhic films or sensors have a certain senitivity. That means that a certain amount of light needs to be able to reach the film or sensor, before the image is correctly exposed. An exposure can also refer to a photo exposed that way.

Bury (disambiguation)

Bury can mean the following:


Metropolitan Borough of Bury

The Metropolitan Borough of Bury is one of the ten Metropolitan boroughs in the metropolitan county of Greater Manchester, England.

It was set up in 1974 from the county borough of Bury and the boroughs of Prestwich and Radcliffe, along with the urban districts of Tottington and Whitefield, and part of the urban district of Ramsbottom.

The metropolitan borough, has an area of .



Metic

In Ancient Greece, a metic () was a foreigner living in a Greek city-state ("polis"). The metic did not have the same citizen rights as a citizen who was born in the state he was living in.

The term 'metic' was especially used in ancient Athens in the 4th and 5th centuries BC. A notable metic was Aristotle, who was born in Stageira but lived in Athens for a long time.

Regardless of how many generations of the family had lived in the city, metics did not become citizens unless the city chose to bestow citizenship on them as a gift. This was rarely done. Citizenship at Athens brought eligibility for numerous state payments such as jury and assembly pay, which could be significant to working people. During emergencies the city could distribute rations to citizens. None of these rights were available to metics. They were not permitted to own real estate in Attica, whether farm or house, unless granted a special exemption.

Metics shared the burdens of citizenship without any of its privileges. Like citizens, they had to perform military service and, if rich enough, were subject to special tax contributions. Citizenship was very rarely granted to metics. More common was the special status of "equal rights" ("isoteleia") under which they were freed from the usual liabilities.

The system came to an end in Hellenistic Athens, when the purchase of citizenship became very frequent. The census of 317 BC gave 21,000 citizens, 10,000 metics and 400,000 slaves in Attica.

In the Greco-Roman world, free people (non-citizens) living on the territory of a polis were called "paroikoi" (see etymology of parish), in Asia Minor "katoikoi".

Democracy in Athens

The Democracy in Ancient Athens was very different from modern democracy. Citizens had the right to help govern but most people were not citizens.

To be classed as a citizen in fifth-century Athens you had to be male, born from two Athenian parents, over eighteen years old, and completed your military service. Women, slaves, metics and children under the age of 20 were not allowed to become citizens.

Citizens could be involved in the running of Athens and could be chosen for important positions. They were also allowed to own land. Citizens were between 10% and 20% of the total population at various times in the 5th and 4th centuries. 

Ancient Athens had a direct democracy. This meant that each citizen had an equal say and opportunity in the governing of Athens. The citizens of Athens would meet on a hillside (the Pnyx) 30 to 40 times a year to discuss how to run the city better. Usually a few thousand actually came to the meeting.

All citizens could attend the meetings. People would stand on a raised platform called the bema to speak. Speakers wore a garland whilst speaking. Any citizen could speak.

All major decisions concerning the running of Athens were decided here – taxes, war, policy, etc. Any decisions were made by a show of hands.

A black pig would be sacrificed to the gods at the start of the meeting to make sure the meeting went well.

All democratic countries now have an indirect democracy. This means members of parliament are elected to make decisions concerning government. There are now too many people in countries for them to meet on a hillside, and many people are too busy to be able to go many times each year.

Cleisthenes, a democratic reformer, divided Attica into ten tribes in 510 BC. The Boule was made up of 50 male Athenian citizens chosen at random from each of the ten tribes (all over 30 years old). This meant that 500 men were elected, but only 50 served at any one time.

Gucci

Gucci, is an Italian fashion house (fashion design company).

It was started by Guccio Gucci (1881 – 1953) in Florence in 1909. Gucci is one of the most famous, successful, and easily recognizable fashion brands in the world. Gucci is now owned by the French conglomerate company, Kering.

BusinessWeek magazine says that Gucci made more than US$7 billion in 2006, and was 46th in the magazine's yearly "Top 100 Brands". Gucci is the second biggest selling fashion brand after LVMH. It is the biggest selling Italian brand in the world. It has about 425 shops around the world and it sells its products to other shops by franchisees and department stores.

Gucci was started in 1906 by Guccio Gucci. In 1938, Gucci grew bigger, and a small shop opened in Rome. Guccio Gucci designed many of the company's famous clothes. In 1947, Gucci made the bamboo-handle handbag, which is still used. In the 1950s, Gucci also made the striped webbing (a type of material), and the suede and metal moccasin shoes.
Guccio Gucci's wife, Aida Calvelli had a large family, with six children, but only their sons (Vasco, Aldo, Ugo, and Rodolfo), not their daughters helped lead the company. After Guccio's death in 1953 , Aldo helped lead the company to being a major fashion shop in more countries. He opened the company’s first small shops in London, Paris, and New York. Arguments about inheritances, stock holdings, and day-to-day operations of the shops often divided the family, and caused alliances to be made. Gucci grew in other countries. Gucci decided to grow a lot in East Asia in the late 1960s. He opened shops in Hong Kong (China), Tokyo (Japan), and Korea. At that time, the company also made its famous GG logo (Guccio Gucci's initials), and the Flora silk scarf (worn most by Hollywood actress Grace Kelly), and the "Jackie O shoulder" bag, which was made famous by Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis, the widow of U.S. President John F. Kennedy.

Gucci was one of the biggest luxury clothes companies in the world, until the late 1970s, when some bad business decisions and family arguments almost made the company bankrupt. At the time, the brothers Aldo and Rodolfo controlled equal 50% shares of the company. In 1979, Aldo made the 'Gucci Accessories Collection', or 'GAC', which was meant to increase sales for the Gucci Parfums sector, which his sons controlled. GAC sold small accessories, such as cosmetic bags, lighters, and pens, which were cheaper than the other items in the company’s accessories catalogue. Aldo gave control of Parfums to his son Roberto in an effort to weaken Rodolfo’s control of the overall operations of the company.

Aldo Gucci grew into new markets, such as an agreement with American Motors Corporation (AMC), so that in 1972 AMC Hornet small "Sportabout" car became one of the first American cars to give a special luxury made by a famous fashion designer. The Gucci cars had striped green, red, and buff material inside, as well as the Gucci's logos and outside color selections.

The "Gucci Accessories Collection" was popular, but it brought the Gucci strength down. After a few years, the "Parfums section" started to sell better than the "Accessories section". The newly-made wholesaling business brought the once-exclusive brand to over a thousand stores in the United States alone with the GAC line. This damaged the brand’s standing with fashionable customers. "In the 1960s and 1970s," writes Vanity Fair editor Graydon Carter, "Gucci had been at the pinnacle of chic, thanks to icons such as Audrey Hepburn, Grace Kelly, and Jacqueline Onassis. But by the 1980s, Gucci had lost its appeal, becoming a tacky airport brand."

Ghoul

A ghoul is a monster from ancient Arabian folklore. Ghouls live in burial grounds and other uninhabited places. The English word comes from the Arabic name for the creature: الغول "ghūl", which literally means "demon". The "ghul" is a devilish type of jinn believed to be sired by Iblis.

The female form is given as "ghouleh" in Muhawi and Kanaana (see ref below). The plural is "ghilan".

"Ghoul" is also a shapeshifting demon that lives in the desert. The demon can take the form of an animal, especially a hyena. It lures unwary travellers into the desert. It will then kill and eat them. The creature also preys on young children, robs graves, and eats the dead. Because of this habit the word "ghoul" is sometimes used to refer to an ordinary human such as a grave robber, or to anyone who likes the macabre. 
The star Algol takes its name from this creature.

In Iranian mythologies, Ghouls are creatures very similar to humans, but larger. Usually they are less intelligent and not necessarily evil.
Most Persian speakers use Ghoul to describe large people (figuratively "giants"). This may or may not be considered an insult, depending on the situation.

Ghouls and ghoul-like creatures have been portrayed in different ways in fiction, including a series of dark fantasy, short stories by Brian McNaughton, a Michael Slade novel, "Ghoul", Larry Niven's "Ringworld" series, J.K. Rowling's Harry Potter series, "The Chronicles of Narnia", the works of Caitlín R. Kiernan, Laurell K. Hamilton's Anita Blake series, and Jim Butcher's The Dresden Files.

Morlocks are a fictional species of cannibalistic ghouls, created by H. G. Wells for his 1895 novel, "The Time Machine". The Morlocks, as well as another supposed offshoot of humans, the , exist in the future world in the year 802,701 A.D. in "The Time Machine".

Bram Stoker's 1897 novel "Dracula" has a character that acts much like a ghoul. The character is named Renfield. Under the vampire's influence, Renfield becomes his willing slave. He develops a craving to eat living creatures in the hope of obtaining their life-force for himself. After being confined to an asylum, he considers eating a human hospital orderly, but finds he can only capture and consume flies, spiders, and the occasional bird.

In the fiction of H. P. Lovecraft, a ghoul is a member of a nocturnal race that lives underground. Some ghouls were once human, but a diet of human corpses, and perhaps the tutelage of proper ghouls, changed them into horrific bestial humanoids. In the short story "Pickman's Model" (1927), the first of Lovecraft's ghoul stories, they are unutterably terrible monsters; however, in his earlier novella "The Dream-Quest of Unknown Kadath" (1926), the ghouls are somewhat less disturbing, even comical at times, and both helpful and loyal to the protagonist. Richard Upton Pickman, a noteworthy Boston painter who disappeared mysteriously in "Pickman's Model", appears as a ghoul himself in "Dream-Quest". Similar themes appear in "The Lurking Fear" (1922) and "The Rats in the Walls" (1924). Both of stories claim there are subterranean clans of degenerate, cannibals or carrion-eating humans.

In modern and contemporary fiction, ghouls are often confused with other types of undead, usually the mindless varieties of zombies. Although modern fiction (post-1954), particularly 1954's "I Am Legend", suggests that the latter beings share cannibalistic habits with ghouls, it is nonetheless generally believed that vampires and zombies prefer live prey.

In 's Dune series, a "Ghola" is a deceased person who has been brought back to life, via a secret, almost illegal Tleilaxu technology. Traditionally, the "Ghola" is stripped of memories from his or her past life and taught new skills. "Ghola" are often sold to nobles by the Tleilaxu as servants and retainers. Given their highly superstitious nature, Fremen are distrustful of ghola, despite the potential usefulness of the living dead. The ambiguity as to whether or not latent memories of the "old self" are still present in the ghola's mind is a long-drawn debate throughout the story. It has been suggested that the term "ghola" originates in Arabic, as do other terms in the Dune series.

Although many screenplays have featured ghouls, the first major motion picture of this theme was the 1933 British movie entitled "The Ghoul". The actor Boris Karloff plays a dying Egyptologist who possesses an occult gem, known as The Eternal Light, which he believes will grant immortality if he is buried with it, and thereby able to present it to Anubis in the afterlife. Of course, his bickering covetous heirs and associates would rather keep the jewel for themselves. Karloff vows to rise from his grave and avenge himself against anyone who meddles with his plan, and he keeps this promise when one of his colleagues steals The Eternal Light after his death.

In 1968, George A. Romero's movie "Night of the Living Dead" combined reanimated corpses (zombies) with cannibalistic monsters (ghouls). With this, it created new movie monsters more terrifying than either of the two alone. The term "ghoul" was the one actually used in the movie. The term zombies came later, after the movie was released. Romero had never thought of them that way; he said he thought of the Caribbean creatures, when he heard the term "zombies".

The 1976 Turkish movie 'Milk Brothers' (original story by H. Rahmi Gurpinar's 'Ghoul') is a Turkish comedy. Here, a ghoul is a monster with extra power. Ghoul is a monster that was used to frighten little children in the old times, so here the ghoul is used to frighten not only little children, but as well big people.

The 1975 British movie "The Ghoul" (unrelated to the Karloff movie) stars Peter Cushing as a defrocked missionary whose son has developed a taste for human flesh while traveling in India. As the son's mind and body degenerate, Cushing has several young people dispatched and prepared as food for his offspring, whom he keeps locked up in the attic.

The 1975 anthology movie "The Monster Club" featured a scene where a village of ghouls stumbled upon by an unwary traveller (Stuart Whitman), who temporarily escapes the creatures with the help of one half-human girl, but he is recaptured when it turns out that the ghouls have representatives inhabiting our normal human world.

In the anime and manga series "Hellsing", ghouls are zombie-like creatures that are created when a "chipped" (technological) vampire drains a victim to death, or, in the Manga, where a vampire drains the blood of someone who is not a virgin. If fatally wounded, they instantly crumble to dust. They are under the control of the vampire who bites them, eat human flesh, and are intelligent enough to use firearms. It is not rare to see a vampire make a small army of Ghouls for attack or defense.

"The Ghoul" is the stage name of Cleveland-area horror television host Ron Sweed.

The Batman comics-based franchise, including the 2005 movie, "Batman Begins", has an antagonist named, Rā's al-Ghūl, whose name derives from the original Arabic name for the star Algol in the constellation Perseus meaning "the monster's (i.e. Medusa's) head".



Most Haunted

Most Haunted is a British paranormal television program based on investigating possible paranormal activity. It is shown on the satellite and cable channels Living, Living2 and Virgin 1 (Formerly Ftn), mainly for the UK market. It is also shown in the United States on the Travel Channel and on the W Channel in Australia. It is made by Antix Productions, and is led by Yvette Fielding and her husband Karl Beattie.

The show started their 10th series on February 19, 2008.

The team travel around the UK, and also Ireland, the Netherlands and the United States, investigating possible paranormal 'hotspots' for 24 hours.



Most Haunted has a main presenter, a psychic medium and a parapsychologist. The parapsychologist's role is to be the skeptic, and to give possible scientific suggestions for the paranormal activity that happens during the night. These are supported by some of the production crew, who appear in the show and generally have some involvement with many parts of the investigation as they are performing their normal crew role. Most of these on-screen crew members also take part in séances.
The show has also featured guest mediums. So far these have been Ian Lawman, Ian Shillito, Gordon Smith, Uri Geller and Kevin Wade. Some episodes have also included at least one celebrity. So far celebrities have included Vic Reeves, Nancy Sorrell, Gaby Roslin, Scott Mills, Mark Chapman, Simon Gregson, Sue Cleaver, Carol Thatcher, Paul O'Grady and Lee Ryan.

The following is a list of former team and crew members who have given a lot of their time to the show.

Many times, former "psychic medium" Derek Acorah was possessed by a spirit, sometimes evil or sometimes "lost and confused". One such case that exposed Acorah was at Bodmin Gaol, Cornwall. Before the filming, Acorah had been fed misinformation about a non-existent ghost of Kreed Kafer by the show parapsychologist Dr. Ciaran O' Keeffe. During the investigation, which was later broadcast, he presented the information as fact and even behaved as though he was possessed by the fictional ghost. O'Keeffe later revealed Kreed Kafer is an anagram of 'Derek Faker' in the "Daily" "Mirror". O' Keeffe exposed Acorah. The paper also claimed that O' Keeffe had exposed the rest of the "Most Haunted" team. O'Keeffe later reported that he had been grossly misquoted and misrepresented in the article, and produced a response outlining his version of the show based on his observations and findings, saying he had exposed Derek Acorah and NOT "Most Haunted". The show's presenter and executive producer, Yvette Fielding said in an interview that she believes it was a fake possession.

Although not mentioned by O'Keeffe, the "Mirror" article also brought into question unedited footage which appeared to show Fielding and Karl Beattie faking 'paranormal' occurrences such as ghostly bumps and knocks. Fielding denied the claims. Thus far none of this footage has come to light, leading to the belief that the "Mirror"'s claims were false. Videos purporting to show the team faking paranormal activity have often popped up on the web but show no proof.

Further controversy centred on Derek Acorah in Devon. On the first night filming "Terror in Torbay", Acorah mentioned a woman incarcerated by her jealous sister in the cellar of Lupton House, even coming up with the names Margaret and Eleanor. In this case, the facts were right, but the location was wrong. This is the well-known legend of Berry Pomeroy Castle which was to be the last night's location. On the final night, at Berry Pomeroy, Fielding reminded Acorah that he had mentioned the incarcerated sister two nights prior. Acorah glossed over his mistake and changed the subject.



List of Most Haunted episodes

Most Haunted is a British television programme based on a group of paranormal investigators (people who investigate things) going and doing paranormal investigations of places. The following is a list of episodes and locations for the series since it began in 2002.


Note: Most of these episodes were only 30 minutes long, however, some have been made the full hour and titled 'Most Haunted Unseen'. Footage added has a note that says that it is not part of the original broadcast. The first episode to be produced, and the last to appear in the series was "Michelham Priory". In Series 8, the team revisited this location to mark the 100th episode.

Note: Phil Whyman left at the end of the 4th Series.

Note: David Wells became a medium on this show in this series alongside the long-time favorite, Derek Acorah. This was the last series that Derek Acorah would be the medium in and he did not appear in the final episode at Sinai House. The original run for Series 6 was only to be 18 episodes, with the last 11 as Series 7, but due to the leaving of Acorah, the series was made longer.

Note: The last 3 episodes were meant to be from Series 7, but were made part of the eighth series. They are known as the "lost episodes" and had more guest showings from Medium Gordon Smith. Also appearing were Ian Lawman, Ian Shillito and Kevin Wade. Richard Felix departed the programme after Series 8 because their producers dropped his role from the show.

Note: The series became known as New Most Haunted after Episode 4 in the television listings on screen, with the word 'New' covering the corner of the logo for the show.

Yvette Fielding

Yvette Fielding (born 23 September 1968) is an English television presenter. She is the presenter of the shows "Most Haunted", "Most Haunted Live!" and "Ghosthunting with...". She is also the executive producer of the shows.

Yvette was educated at Pownall Green Primary School and Bramhall High School in Bramhall, Stockport, in Greater Manchester and Poynton. She also attended Hillcrest Grammar School, Davenport.

Fielding presented the children's television show, "Blue Peter" from 1987 to 1992, and was the youngest ever person to do so; she was only 18 years old when she started. Previously, she had acted in the children's television comedy series "Seaview".

Since leaving "Blue Peter", Fielding has worked on television shows such as "What's Up Doc?", "Heaven and Earth", "The General" and "City Hospital", and also had acting roles in "Last of the Summer Wine" (making an appearance in the series while making a "Blue Peter" report on the show) and "Juliet Bravo". She also appeared as a regular alongside Fred Dineage and Toyah Willcox on a property-pricing based game-show called "Under Offer" made for Meridian Television.

She appeared in a guest-role in the popular BBC drama "Holby City" in 2007 and appeared in the ITV2 reality television programme "Deadline", finishing second.

Since 2002, Yvette Fielding and her husband Karl Beattie have both made "Most Haunted" for the British TV channel Living through their production company, "Antix." Viewers can see Fielding at many possible haunted locations around Britain, in the hopes for paranormal activity that could be caught on film.

Fielding and her husband have a daughter, Mary.

Eccentric British pop duo, Astrojade, started their musical career with a song titled "Yvette Fielding" as a homage to her and "Most Haunted".

She likes cars and has 3 Aston Martins, a Land Rover and a Range Rover.


Eurotrash

Eurotrash could mean:

ASUS Eee PC

The ASUS Eee PC is a very small laptop made by ASUS and Intel. It is designed to have a light weight and low price. It runs Linux as its operating system.

The name "Eee" (pronounced as the letter "e", IPA /iː/) comes from "the three Es," ASUS used in their advertisements for the device: "Easy to learn, Easy to work, Easy to play".


Tutsan

Tutsan () is a bushy Eurasian shrub with golden yellow flowers. Its fruit are red berries, which turn black when they are fully ripe. The leaves and flowers of the plant grow and blossom in the spring and are shed in the fall. Its scientific name is "Hypericum androsaemum" L. The Tutsan has medical properties. A similar plant to it is the H. perforatum.

Telluride Bluegrass Festival

The Telluride Bluegrass Festival is an annual music festival held in Telluride, Colorado. The festival is put on by Planet Bluegrass. The festival mainly focuses on bluegrass music. It has had artists in the past such as Nickel Creek, Bela Fleck, and Chris Thile.


Singer-songwriter

A singer-songwriter is a person who writes and performs their own works. They often accompany themselves on a musical instrument. Singer-songwriters write the music, the lyrics, sing, play the musical instruments, and often manage themselves.

The term became popular in the 1960s. It referred to a specific type of performer who wrote certain kinds of music and lyrics.

List of current champions in WWE

World Wrestling Entertainment, Inc., doing business as WWE, is a big company that produces professional wrestling shows. It is now the most popular company in the wrestling business. Vince J. McMahon started the company in 1963. His son, Vince K. McMahon is currently the chairman and CEO of the company and runs the company along with his daughter Stephanie McMahon and her husband Paul Levesque, better known as Triple H.

The company used to be known as the World Wrestling Federation or the WWF. They changed their name to World Wrestling Entertainment after a lawsuit filed by the World Wide Fund for Nature, formerly known as the World Wildlife Fund, which uses the "WWF" initials in the United States. In 2011, the company rebranded itself as WWE, although its legal name is still World Wrestling Entertainment.

Tables with a "Days recognized" column means that WWE officially recognizes a different number of days that a wrestler has held a title due to an event airing on tape delay. In some cases, particularly recent NXT UK events, the actual date an event took place is unknown.
Raw
SmackDown
Shared

The colors indicate the home brand of the champions.

NXT 2.0
NXT UK

Complutense University of Madrid

The Complutense University of Madrid (, UCM) is one of the oldest universities in the world and the top public university in Spain. It is located on a sprawling campus that occupies the entirety of the Ciudad Universitaria district of Madrid, with annexes in the district of Somosaguas in the neighbouring city of Pozuelo de Alarcón.

According to the annual university rankings conducted by "El Mundo", the Complutense University ranks as the top public university in Spain.

Opera

Opera is a drama set to music. An opera is like a play in which everything is sung instead of spoken. Operas are usually performed in opera houses. The singers who sing and act out the story are on the stage, and the orchestra is in front of the stage but lower down, in the orchestra pit, so that the audience can see the stage.

An opera is normally divided into two, three, four or even five acts. In older operas the music was mostly recitative and arias. During the recitative things would happen in the story. The aria was a song for a solo singer, a setting of a lyric. As well as recitative and aria there would be choruses. The chorus were a group of singers who sing in the crowd scenes. The opera would start with an overture for the orchestra. The overture would usually include tunes that are going to be heard later in the opera. 

In operas from the 19th century onwards there is often little or no difference between recitative and aria. Composers like Wagner wanted to get away from operas which had lots of separate arias in which the singers showed off, with the audience clapping loudly after each one. He wanted continuous music so that the mood would not be broken.

Sometimes operas have a lot of dancing in them. French opera especially would often have one act which was full of dances.

Not all operas have music all the time.

Grand opera is opera which is all set to music.

Opéra bouffe (French) or Opera buffa (Italian) is comic opera. The story is very light-hearted and funny.

Opéra comique is a French term for opera which has some spoken words. Surprisingly it does not mean a “comic” opera. An opera like "Carmen", which is a tragedy, is still an opéra comique due to the fact that it uses spoken dialogues instead of recitatives.

Singspiel is a German term for a type of opera with lots of magic and fantasy in the story. There were spoken words between the songs. Mozart’s "Magic Flute" is an example.

Operetta is a short opera which is light-hearted and usually has some spoken words.

Opera singers have to have powerful voices as well as a good technique. Most opera houses are very big, and the singers need to be heard at the back. They also need to be good at acting. They need to be able to learn their music quickly and to sing from memory. It is a help to be good at languages because operas are often in Italian, German, French, English or Russian etc. Some opera companies, like the English National Opera, sing their operas in English. Others, like the Royal Opera House, sing operas in whatever language they were composed in. Translations are printed on a screen above the front of the stage ("surtitles") so that the audience can understand what is being sung.

Although singers train to get a wide range (good top and bottom notes) they cannot be expected to sing any role in their voice range. For example: some sopranos may have big, dramatic voices, suitable for parts like Tosca in Puccini’s opera "Tosca". Some may have a very light and high voice, called “coloratura”, suitable for parts like the Queen of the Night in Mozart’s "Magic Flute". Some may have a medium range, called mezzo-soprano, suitable for parts like Carmen in Bizet’s opera "Carmen".

Very often in opera the heroine is a soprano and the hero is a tenor. Basses may often have the part of a powerful king, or he may be the bad guy.

The 18th century lexicographer and critic Dr Johnson described opera as an “exotic and irrational entertainment”. By “exotic” he meant that it came from a foreign country (which in those days was true: all opera at the time came from Italy). By “irrational” he meant that the things which happened in the stories were strange and not like real life. A play can be like real life, but an opera is being sung, so things are not going to happen like they normally do in real life. A singer might be singing “I must go, I must go!” and he may stand on the stage and sing this for several minutes before at last he goes! A singer may be pretending to die, and will sing a beautiful song before he or she finally dies. These things are “conventions”, which means that they are a kind of habit we have to accept when watching and listening to opera. Another convention of earlier operas was to have the part of young men sung by women. This is sometimes called a breeches role or trouser role. They are often small parts such as page boys, or teenagers who flirt with older women, such as the part of Cherubino in Mozart’s " The Marriage of Figaro" or Oktavian in Richard Strauss’s "Der Rosenkavalier". It should be remembered that in the 18th century it was usual for the main female part to be sung by a man who was a castrato.

There are lots of famous operas, and the best ones have some of the greatest music ever written. The music could not have been written like that if it had not been written for opera. For example: Mozart is very clever at writing music where maybe six people are all singing different things at once because they all have different ideas about the situation in the story.

Medieval Opera (mid 12th century)

One of the first operas ever written was by Hildegard of Bingen. Ordo Virtutum (Latin for "Order of the Virtues") is an allegorical , or , composed c. 1151, during the construction and relocation of Bingen's Abbey at Rupertsberg. It is the earliest morality play by more than a century, and the only Medieval musical drama to survive with an attribution for both the text and the music.

A short version of "Ordo Virtutum" without music appears at the end of "", Hildegard's most famous account of her visions. It is also included in some manuscripts of the "Symphonia armoniae celestium revelationum" ("Symphony of the Harmony of Celestial Revelations"), a cycle of more than 70 liturgical songs. It may have been performed by the convent nuns at the dedication of the St. church in 1152 or possibly before the at the convent .

The first Baroque opera ever written was performed in 1597 in Florence in Italy. It was called "Dafne" and the composer was Jacopo Peri. This opera is now lost, but three years later, in 1600, he worked together with another composer called Giulio Caccini to write an opera called "Euridice". The music for this still exists. It was nearly all recitative. This kind of writing was new, but if opera was to tell a story it was important to have a solo voice singing words that could be heard. They were trying to produce something like an ancient Greek tragedy. It was performed at a kind of club, called “camerata”, for intellectual (clever) people to a small audience. It was not great music, but the amazing thing was that there was a composer of genius around. His name was Claudio Monteverdi, and only seven years later, in 1607, he wrote the first really good opera: "Orfeo", which was produced in Mantua. Monteverdi must have realized that opera had the possibilities of putting poetry, music, scenery and acting all together. He took the kind of songs that were popular at the time and joined them with speaking or recitative. Later in life he joined these so that the music flowed more dramatically.

In 1637 the first public opera house was opened in Venice. Soon lots of theatres in Italy started to produce operas. The stories were usually about ancient times, like the Roman Empire or Greek myths. They started to put in comic (funny) bits to make people laugh. Soon there was opera in Paris, Vienna, Hamburg and in the small courts of Germany which in those days was lots of little countries, each with their own prince who ruled and who kept musicians at court. The composers who are best remembered today include Jean-Baptiste Lully (1632-1687) who was an Italian who moved to France and wrote operas for the French king, and George Frideric Handel (1685-1759) who was a German who moved to England and wrote operas for the opera houses in London. In Italy there were composers like Francesco Cavalli (1602-1676) who had been a choirboy in Monteverdi’s church choir in Venice, and Alessandro Scarlatti 1660-1725 who lived in Naples.

During this period, known as the Baroque period, the opera was an entertainment for the upper classes who went to the opera to be seen in public. Opera was a social occasion where you could meet people and talk, even during the music. Both the singers and the audience behaved in ways that we would think were bad manners.

Christoph Willibald Gluck was a composer who tried to make people take opera more seriously. In 1762 he wrote an opera called "" which was performed in Vienna. It had lots of choruses and ballet numbers, like French opera, but the words were in Italian and the music really concentrated on the story rather than being just a display for clever singers to show off. Some of its music is very famous today, e.g. the "Dance of the Blessed Spirits" which is played on a flute, and Orfeo’s aria "Che faró senza Euridice?" ("What shall I do without Euridice?").

Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart learned from Gluck’s ideas about opera. This can be seen in his opera "Idomeneo" which is about a Greek story. Other Italian operas by Mozart include: "Don Giovanni", "Le Nozze di Figaro" and "Cosi fan tutte". He also wrote operas in German: "The Abduction from the Serail" and "The Magic Flute". These are Singspiel: operas which tell magic and fantasy stories.

Ludwig van Beethoven (1770-1827) only wrote one opera: "Fidelio". It is a story of a woman who rescues her lover from prison. Rescue operas were popular in France, but this one is in German. It is a serious opera about how a woman can save a man by being true and faithful.

In the 19th century Richard Wagner (1813-1883) continued Gluck’s ideas. Wagner had very personal ideas about how his operas should be performed, and he liked to train the singers himself. He wanted them to take the drama of his operas seriously instead of treating the music as a way of showing off their voices. He always wrote the libretti (words for the opera) himself, and they were always in German. They are mostly about serious subjects from German folklore and myths, although he did write one comic opera: "The Mastersingers of Nürnberg". Wagner used “leitmotifs” which means that there are tunes which are used for particular characters or ideas in the opera. This allows the music to develop with the story, and can be used in interesting ways. For example: when Sigmund (in the opera "Die Walküre") says that he does not know who his father is, we hear his father’s tune in the orchestra! The audience, of course, know (this is called: dramatic irony).

In Italy Gioachino Rossini (1792-1868) wrote lots of operas. There was no difference in style between his comic and his serious operas. Often the same overture was used for both. He wrote exactly all the notes that the singers were to sing, he did not want to leave it to them to improvise their own ornamental notes. Everything was carefully thought out. Musicians are not sure whether to call him a Classical or Romantic composer. Composers like Vincenzo Bellini (1801-1835) and Gaetano Donizetti (1797-1848) are definitely Romantic. They had the ability to write lovely lyrical tunes. The most famous Italian opera composer of the 19th century was Giuseppe Verdi (1813-1901). His music is not always continuous like Wagner’s. Sometimes it stopped for the audience to applaud. Verdi had a wonderful sense of drama, and could write beautiful melodies which captured people’s hearts. He loved Shakespeare, and based several of his operas on Shakespeare plays: "Othello", "Macbeth" and "Falstaff". 

The 19th century was the time when Nationalism was important. Composers were writing music typical of their own countries. Wagner, as we have seen, took German myths for his opera stories. In Spain they had their own kind of opera called “zarzuela”. In Russia Mikhail Glinka (1804-1857) wrote "Ruslan and Lyudmila" which was based on a Russian fairy tale. Other Russian composers include Alexander Borodin who wrote "Prince Igor", and Modest Mussorgsky (1839-1881) who wrote "Boris Godunov". Both these operas are about stories from Russian history. Nikolai Rimsky-Korsakov (1844-1908) wrote a fairy tale opera "Sadko", and Pyotr Tchaikovsky (1840-1893) used some very Russian tunes in "Eugene Onegin" and "The Queen of Spades". 

Czech composers wrote national operas. The most famous Czech opera composers were Antonín Dvořák (1841-1904), Bedřich Smetana (1824-1884) and Leoš Janáček (1854-1928). In France the most famous composer was Charles Gounod (1818-1893) who wrote an opera called "Faust".

In the 20th century composers had many different styles of composing. This was true of all kinds of music, including opera. Richard Strauss (1864-1949) was really a Romantic, although almost all his operas were written in the 20th century. His harmonies show that he had studied Wagner’s operas. "Der Rosenkavalier" (1909) has lots of romantic tunes, although it is a story about Vienna in the Classical period. In Italy composers like Giacomo Puccini (1858-1924) wrote operas in the verismo style. This meant operas with stories that felt like real life. The characters in the stories were usually from the lower classes. 

Alban Berg (1885-1935) also wrote operas about poor or simple people. He wrote an opera called "Wozzeck" which is the tragedy of a man who is too simple to understand that people are being unkind to him and using him. Berg’s music is often built on the twelve tone series which he had learned from Schoenberg. Stravinsky’s (1882-1971) "The Rake's Progress" is in yet another style called Neo-classical because the music is made to sound a bit like music of the Classical Period. In England Britten wrote many great operas like "Peter Grimes" and "Billy Budd". In Russia Dmitri Shostakovich wrote "Lady Macbeth of the Mtsensk District". Most of them are about unfortunate people who want to be part of society but are not accepted. 

More recent composers who wrote operas include the Hungarian György Ligeti (1923-2006), the Polish Krzysztof Penderecki (b.1933), the English Sir Harrison Birtwistle and the Americans Philip Glass (b.1937) and John Adams (b.1947).

West Sussex

On 1 April 1974, the old county of Sussex in South East England was split into East Sussex and West Sussex. About 810,000 people live there.

Unlike many of the changes made by the Local Government Act 1972, the new counties are popular with the local people.

The ceremonial county contains the districts of Adur, Arun, Chichester, Horsham, and Mid Sussex as well as the boroughs of Crawley and Worthing.

The West Sussex County Council was formed in 1889 in the ceremonial County of Sussex. Because of the Local Government Act 1972, the East and West Sussex County Council took over the ceremonial responsibilities in the two halves with Mid Sussex and parts of Crawley being given to West Sussex from East Sussex.

Avon (county)

Avon was a county that existed from 1 April 1974 until 31 March 1996. It was in South West England. It was not popular, and was broken up between parts of Somerset, Bristol and Gloucestershire.

Hereford and Worcester

Hereford and Worcester was a county in England set up after 1974. It was not popular because Hereford and Worcester used to be two separate counties.

In 1997, the county was split up in Hereford and Worcester again

Humberside

Humberside was a non-metropolitan county of England. It existed from 1 April 1974 until 31 March 1996. It was not popular, because the north and south banks of the River Humber used to be in different counties, and there were no links between the two. Even the building of the Humber Bridge, the longest bridge in Europe at the time, did not encourage the two sides of the river to mix.

Dave Farrell

David Michael Farrell (born February 8, 1977), also known as Phoenix because he is believed to have a tattoo of a phoenix on his back, is Linkin Park’s bassist.

Farrell was born in Plymouth, Massachusetts, but when he was five he moved to Mission Viejo, California where he attended Mission Viejo High School. He graduated in 1999 at the University of California, Los Angeles. He can play bass guitar, electric guitar, cello and violin.

Farrell was a member of a Christian punk/ska band called Tasty Snax. While he was at the college, he shared the room with his friend Brad Delson, and they practiced together. 

He had to go on tour with the Tasty Snax so he could not play with Delson and his band. Then, Farrell left his band to play bass with Brad Delson in the band Xero in 1996 but then left in 1998. He then rejoined Xero now called Linkin Park in November 2000 and has been playing with them ever since.


Audi

Audi AG is a German automobile manufacturer with headquarters in Ingolstadt, Bavaria, and has been an almost wholly-owned (99.7%) subsidiary of the Volkswagen Group since 1964. Audi AG was founded by August Horch and the current CEO of Audi AG is Rupert Stadler. 1909

The following tables list Audi production vehicles that are sold as of 2021

Armani

Armani is an Italian fashion house (fashion designer company). It started in Milan in 1975 by Giorgio Armani and Sergio Galeotti, with $10,000. The company designs and makes several different types of things, including fashion accessories, clothing, cosmetics, fragrances, home decorations, jewelry, glasses, and watches.

These are sold with several different named labels such as:

"Armani Collezioni" is a label from fashion designer Giorgio Armani. The label is more expensive than the "Armani Exchange", "Armani Jeans" labels but less expensive than the "Giorgio Armani" label(sometimes named the "Armani black label") and "Armani Privé".

The label is usually for older buyers who do not want new designs, but has older high quality clothes.

It replaced the "Giorgio Armani Le Collezioni" line. As well as being sold as the only product in some small shops, it is also sold in expensive department stores such as Harrods, Harvey Nichols, David Jones, Nordstrom and Neiman Marcus.

'The label features high-end, ready-to-wear, and accessories. Emporio Armani line has a high quality in luxury fashion clothes and focus on trends and modern traits. Emporio Armani is sold in freestanding Emporio Armani boutiques in high-end department store and its official website'

"Armani Exchange" (often "A|X") was made in 1991. It is for younger buyers, often in their older teenage years. It uses city fashion, quick and easy to wear clothes, especially T-shirts, jeans, polos, and sports coats. Armani Exchange is the cheapest of all the Armani labels and is mainly sold in the USA.
The label has 69 shops and 6 outlets in the United States and over 50 shops in other countries. The UK's first shops opened at Bluewater in Kent, "The Trafford Centre" in Manchester and in the Metquater in Liverpool.

At the end of 2005, sales were $1.69 billion.

Today, the company has 4,700 workers and 13 factories in the world. It has nearly 300 shops in the world, which are in 36 different countries. The company has started a very high-class collection named Armani Privé, which can be seen in the "Haute Couture fashion week" in Paris.

Armani agreed in 2004 with Emaar Properties to make some expensive hotels in some big cities, such as London, Paris, New York City, Tokyo, Shanghai, Dubai and Milan. The company already has many cafes in the world, as well as a bar, a restaurant and a nightclub.

Emaar Hotels agreed to build and operate at least seven expensive hotels and three holiday resorts under the "Armani" name. Armani would design the inside of the buildings and the style of the hotels. The first hotel in Dubai is thought to be ready in early 2008.

The bottom 37 floors of the Burj Khalifa skyscraper in Dubai, United Arab Emirates, will have the world's first Armani Hotel, and Giorgio Armani is also designing the inside of the skyscraper.

List of Linux distributions

Linux can be changed, so there are many versions and distributions of Linux, each containing different software or made for different purposes. A list of distributions can be found below:

Debian is a distribution that only accepts free software. It is supported on many hardware platforms.

Knoppix is itself based on Debian.

Ubuntu is based on Debian.
Gentoo is a distribution designed to have highly optimized and frequently updated software.

Red Hat Linux and SUSE Linux were the original major distributions that used the RPM file format, which is today used in several package management systems. Both of these later divided into commercial and community-supported distributions.

Fedora Linux is Linux distribution by Fedora Project.
Red Hat Enterprise Linux is based on Fedora Linux.
Slackware is known as a highly customizable distribution,generally considered a distribution for expert users.
SLAX's distributions are known for be really good in branch of quality.

The following distributions either use another packaging system, do not use any, or are simply not categorized.

Giorgio Armani

Giorgio Armani (born 11 July 1934) is an Italian fashion designer. He was born in Piacenza, Emilia-Romagna. He is famous for designing men's clothes. He made his company, Armani, in 1974, and in 2001 was said to be the most successful designer to come from Italy, with a yearly turnover of $1.691 billion, and having $4.1 billion. 


Calenzano

Calenzano is a "comune" (municipality) in the province of Florence in the Italian region Tuscany. It is about 11 km northwest of Florence. Calenano has an area of 76.9 km² and a population of 15,557 inhabitants.

Calenzano borders the following municipalities: Barberino di Mugello, Campi Bisenzio, Prato, San Piero a Sieve, Sesto Fiorentino, Vaglia, Vaiano.


Calenzano has a station on the regional railway connecting it to Prato, Florence, Pistoia and Lucca. It can be reached by road from the highway "A1". Buses connect Calenzano to Prato, Florence, Campi Bisenzio and Barberino di Mugello.




Giorgio Armani (disambiguation)

Giorgio Armani can mean:


Silk tree

Silk tree Albizia julibrissin is a species of genus "Albizia" from southeast and east Asia, from east Iran to China and Korea.
This Genus honoring Italian noble Filippo del Albizzi, who introduce it in Europe at middle XVIII century, sometimes incorrectly named ""Albizzia"". The specific name "julibrissin" is a corruption of farsi "Gul-i Abrisham" (گل ابریشم) meaning silktree, by its flowers ("Gul" گل is "flower" and "Abrisham" ابریشم means "silk").

Corbin Bleu

Corbin Bleu Reivers (born February 21, 1989) is an American actor and singer. He appears as Chad in High School Musical, High School Musical 2 and . He was a guest star as one of Miley's friends, Johnny Collins, in Hannah Montana and as Spencer in Ned's Declassified School Survival Guide. He also works in Disney Channel's original movie, "Jump in" working with Keke Palmer ("Akeelah and the Bee").

Lucas Grabeel

Lucas Grabeel (born November 23, 1984) is an American actor, singer and songwriter. He played Ryan Evans in the Disney Channel's original movies "High School Musical" and "High School Musical 2". He is also known for playing a role in "Halloweentown High" and "Return to Halloweentown".

WWE Championship

The WWE Championship is a professional wrestling world championship in WWE for the men of the SmackDown brand. It is the first world title of WWE. The title is said to be the biggest prize in professional wrestling and millions of people around the world watch matches for it.

It is one of three world championships in WWE, along with the WWE Universal Championship (with which it is currently defended together as the Undisputed WWE Universal Championship) and the World Heavyweight Championship from the Raw brand.

The WWE World Championship was created in 1963, and Buddy Rogers became the first world champion on April 29. It may have been created because of things that happened in the National Wrestling Alliance (NWA) which is a wrestling company (or promotion) that had many "territories" in North America and some around the world. In the 1950s, Capitol Wrestling Corporation (CWC) was an NWA territory, and in 1963, people in CWC had a lot of control over the rest of the NWA. During this time, Buddy Rogers held the NWA World Heavyweight Championship, the world title of the NWA, until Lou Thesz defeated Rogers for the championship on January 24, 1963. After an argument over who should have won, CWC left the NWA and created a new promotion called the World Wide Wrestling Federation (WWWF). The new company then made up a story for its new title, and said that the WWWF World Heavyweight Championship was separated from the NWA World Championship, and there was a tournament in Rio de Janeiro to decide a new champion. They said that Buddy Rogers won this tournament, by beating Antonino Rocca in the finals. (The tournament actually did not happen.) The WWWF came back to the NWA once again, and the WWWF was renamed to World Wrestling Federation (WWF) in 1979. After WWF left the NWA forever in 1983, the championship was named the WWF World Heavyweight Championship, and later, the WWF World Championship or WWF Championship in the 1990s.

In 1991, World Championship Wrestling (WCW), another NWA territory, created the WCW World Heavyweight Championship and it was just as important as the NWA world title. WCW then left the NWA and became a rival promotion to the WWF. Both promotions became popular, and fought the "Monday Night Wars". This was a fight to see who could get better ratings on TV. Near the end of the ratings war, WCW started to lose money, and the Monday Night Wars ended in March 2001 with WWF buying WCW. After that, WWF had all of WCW's videos, some of their wrestlers and championships, and other things. The group of wrestlers who were in WCW joining the WWF was called "The Invasion". After this, the WCW World Championship was made one with the WWF World Championship, at Vengeance 2001 in December. At the show, Chris Jericho beat The Rock to win the WCW World Championship, and Stone Cold Steve Austin to win the WWF World Championship. Because of this, Chris Jericho was the last WCW World Champion and the Undisputed WWF World Champion as there was no dispute over what the most important prize in professional wrestling was anymore.

By 2002, the number of wrestlers in WWF was twice as big because they now had wrestlers from WWF before the end of WCW, and wrestlers who came from WCW and ECW. As a result of the increase, the WWF split its wrestler numbera with each half performing on one of WWE's two weekly TV shows - "Raw" and "SmackDown!". Each show also had different championships and bosses. This was called the Brand Extension. In May 2002, the WWF was renamed to World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE) and the championship was called the WWE Undisputed World Championship. After these changes, the WWE Undisputed Championship was not on "Raw" or "SmackDown" and wrestlers from both brands could challenge the WWE Undisputed World Champion. When Eric Bischoff became the General Manager of "Raw" and Stephanie McMahon became the General Manager of "SmackDown", McMahon brought the WWE Undisputed World Champion at the time, Brock Lesnar, to the "SmackDown" brand, and left the Raw brand without a world title. On September 2, after arguing about the brand that the Undisputed Championship should be on, Eric Bischoff announced the creation of the World Heavyweight Championship, separate from the Undisputed Championship. Then, the WWE Undisputed World Championship was called the WWE World Championship or just the WWE Championship. In 2011, there were two WWE Champions - John Cena and CM Punk. On the August 1 episode of Raw the Chief Operating Officer of WWE Triple H, announced a match to decide who would be the WWE Champion between Cena and Punk. At SummerSlam, Punk beat Cena to be the only WWE Champion, but that night Alberto Del Rio cashed in his Money in the Bank contract and became the new WWE Champion. The holders of the contract gets a world title match whenever they want (they could also fight for the ECW Championship when the ECW brand was around).
On December 15, 2013, Randy Orton beat Cena for the World Heavyweight Championship at . He was already WWE Champion when he won the championship and made the World Heavyweight Championship one with the WWE Championship, which from then an was called the WWE World Heavyweight Championship. Wrestlers stopped fighting for the old World Heavyweight Championship the next day. The title was renamed the WWE World Championship shortly after the start of the second brand extension. The WWE Universal Championship was created "Raw" and the original title became exclusive to "SmackDown" "Live". Soon after, it was changed back to the WWE Championship.

At the second night of WrestleMania 38 on April 3, 2022, SmackDown's Universal Champion Roman Reigns defeated WWE Champion Brock Lesnar in a Winner Takes All match to win both championships and become the Undisputed WWE Universal Champion. WWE called the match a championship unification match; however, both titles's histories are still separately active with Reigns being a double champion, defending both titles together across both brands as the Undisputed WWE Universal Championship. On the April 24, 2023, episode of Raw, WWE Chief Content Officer Triple H announced that regardless of what brand Reigns was drafted to in the 2023 WWE Draft, he and his undisputed championship would become exclusive to that brand. Triple H then presented a new World Heavyweight Championship for the opposing brand, which was won by Seth "Freakin" Rollins at Night of Champions. Reigns was drafted to SmackDown and the World Heavyweight Championship became exclusive to Raw. On the June 2, 2023, episode of SmackDown, Triple H gave Reigns with a new singular championship belt to represent the Undisputed WWE Universal Championship. Despite this, Reigns' manager Paul Heyman continued to carry the old WWE and Universal Championship belts until the end of July.

After the WWE brand extension, WWE started having drafts each year, where some wrestlers changed brands. After three years on the "SmackDown" brand, the WWE Championship switched brands during the 2005 draft, when the WWE Champion John Cena was sent to "Raw" while the World Heavyweight Champion Batista was sent to "SmackDown". On June 11, 2006, Rob Van Dam used his Money in the Bank contract at ECW One Night Stand for a WWE Championship match against Cena. Van Dam beat Cena to win the WWE Championship, moving the title to the "ECW" brand, a brand WWE created after buying the Extreme Championship Wrestling promotion. On July 3, Edge beat Cena and Van Dam in a Triple Threat Match to win the WWE Championship and with Edge on the "Raw" brand at the time, Edge brought the title back to Raw. After the 2008 WWE Draft, the WWE Champion Triple H was drafted to "SmackDown", moving the WWE Championship to the "SmackDown" brand. The following year, the title returned to Raw after Triple H was drafted back to "Raw" during the 2009 WWE Draft, and the championship stayed there. When "SmackDown"'s Batista won the title from "Raw"'s John Cena at Elimination Chamber, it still stayed on "Raw" because Batista was sent there.
From August 2011 to July 2016, all WWE TV programming became "Supershows" that had wrestlers from both "Raw" and "SmackDown". This meant that the WWE Championship matches could happen at any WWE event. The brand extension came back in 2016 and the WWE Champion at the time Dean Ambrose was drafted to "SmackDown Live", making the title "SmackDown"-exclusive. WWE then made the Universal Championship for Raw.

Special belts have been made to match the characters of some champions:

A much bigger version of the belt was created for André the Giant before WrestleMania III, but he never wore it as champion. The belt Brahma Bull logo in the center that was made for the Rock was lost and was never on TV. Edge had created a special belt different from the "Rated R Spinner" one that he used for his second reign, but the plans were scrapped because of little time.


Micrometre

A micrometre (the American spelling is micrometer; symbol is µm) is a unit of length in the SI measurement system. It can also be called a micron. It is one millionth of a metre. A micrometre is often used as a measurement for small things like bacteria. Like the Angstrom it is used for radiation in or near the visible spectrum.

Detention

A detention can be:


Trochenbrod

Trochenbrod (; ) was a Jewish shtetl (village) with an area 1,728 acres once in what is now western Ukraine, about 30 kilometers northeast of Lutsk. It used to be a part of Poland. It was also known as Sofievka or Zofiówka in Polish, named after Sofia, a Russian princess who donated land for the Jewish settlement.

Trochenbrod was founded in 1835, at first a farming colony which grew into a small town. The population grew from around 1,200 (235 families) in 1889 to 1,580 in 1897.

During the Polish-Soviet War, the town was captured by Poland. By 1938 the town's population, which was only Jewish, had grown to at least 3,000. Most of the people worked in farming, dairy farming, or tanning. 

There were seven synagogues in Trochenbrod. In 1940, the town, along with the rest of Western Ukraine, became part of the Soviet Union (see Molotov-Ribbentrop Pact). The rabbi at this time was Rabbi Gershon Weissmann. The Communists exiled him to Siberia after accusing him of being involved in underground salt trading.

When the Nazis later occupied Ukraine, they created a ghetto at Trochenbrod, bringing in Jews from nearby villages and towns. The Jews in the Trochenbrod ghetto were killed by the Nazis in August and September 1942. Most of the Jews of Trochenbrod as well as of the neighbouring village Lozisht were killed, as were the other Jews of Volhynia. The local Ukrainian police force helped to round up the Jews. Fewer than 200 Jews from the Trochenbrod ghetto and nearby areas lived through this killing. The village itself was burned. Now only fields and a forest can be found there.

A few of the people escaped the execution and destruction. At the end of the war, the number of people left was between 33 and 40; most were found in the area near Lutzk.

A fictional version of the shtetl, "Trachimbrod", was featured in the 2002 novel "Everything Is Illuminated" by Jonathan Safran Foer as well as in the 2005 film based on the novel.

Safran Foer's story describes fictional events in the village between 1791, the year in which the shtetl was first named, and 1941, when it was destroyed in the war. The main character of the book (who goes by the author's name and also by the name "The Hero") comes to Ukraine to look for a woman named Augustine, who saved his grandfather in the war.



Judith

Judith [ joo-dith ] is a female given name. It comes from the Hebrew word "Yəhûḏîṯ", meaning either "praised one" or "a woman from Judea." The Judith from the Book of Judith was a Biblical hero. This name was ranked #959 on the US Popular Names in 2021.


Book of Judith

The Book of Judith is part of the Bible. It was written in or near 100BC. It is in Bibles that follow the Catholic and Orthodox Canon. Protestants and Jews treat the Book of Judith as part of the apocrypha and not part of the official canon.

In the book, an evil general named Holofernes is invading Israel. He is waiting with his army outside the town of Bethulia and will not let the people in the town get any water to drink. Judith tells the people of Bethulia not to give up. She sneaks to Holofernes' camp and pretends to make friends with him. He invites her to a meal, where he drinks much alcohol. When he falls asleep, she cuts off his head.

The Book of Judith is probably not a story about something that really happened. The book says that Holofernes was an Assyrian who worked for Nebuchadnezzar, but the real Nebuchadnezzar was a Babylonian ruler.

The book starts with, "In the twelfth year of the reign of Nebuchadnezzar, who reigned over the Assyrians in Nineveh." Many ancient Hebrew stories started with words like these. It is like saying "once upon a time": it tells the reader to expect a fairy tale.

Many, many artists have painted paintings of Judith killing or preparing to kill Holofernes. For example, Artemisia Gentileschi and Gustav Klimt.

Quinto, Ticino

Quinto is a municipality of the district Leventina in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.


Rancate

Rancate was a municipality of the district Mendrisio in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland. On 5 April 2009, the former municipalities of Arzo, Capolago, Genestrerio, Mendrisio, Rancate and Tremona merged into the municipality of Mendrisio.

Riva San Vitale

Riva San Vitale is a municipality of the district Mendrisio in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.


Rivera (disambiguation)

Rivera is a surname of Spanish beginnings that was the old spelling of "ribera", the Spanish word for “riverbank”.




Rivera, Switzerland

Rivera was a municipality of the district Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland. On 21 November 2010, the former municipalities of Bironico, Camignolo, Medeglia, Rivera and Sigirino merged into the new municipality of Monteceneri.


Ronco sopra Ascona

Ronco sopra Ascona is a municipality of the district Locarno in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.

Rovio

Rovio was a municipality in Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland. On 10 April 2022, the former municipalities of Maroggia, Melano and Rovio merged to form the new municipality of Val Mara.

San Nazzaro, Switzerland

San Nazzaro was a municipality of the district Locarno in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland. On 25 April 2010, the former municipalities of Caviano, Contone, Gerra Gambarogno, Indemini, Magadino, Piazzogna, San Nazzaro, Sant'Abbondio and Vira Gambarogno merged to form the new municipality of Gambarogno.


Sant'Abbondio

Sant'Abbondio was a municipality of the district Locarno, in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland. On 25 April 2010, the former municipalities of Caviano, Contone, Gerra Gambarogno, Indemini, Magadino, Piazzogna, San Nazzaro, Sant'Abbondio and Vira Gambarogno merged to form the new municipality of Gambarogno.


Sant'Antonino

Sant'Antonino is a municipality of the district Bellinzona in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.

Sant'Antonino is not to be confused with the municipality of Sant'Antonio in the same district.


Sant'Antonio

Sant'Antonio was a municipality, in the municipality of Bellinzona and the district Bellinzona in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.

This municipality is not to be confused with the municipality of Sant'Antonino of the same district.


Savosa

Savosa is a municipality of the district Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.


Sementina

Sementina was a municipality of the district Bellinzona in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.

On 2 April 2017, the former municipalities of Camorino, Claro, Giubiasco, Gnosca, Gorduno, Gudo, Moleno, Monte Carasso, Pianezzo, Preonzo, Sant'Antonio and Sementina merged into the municipality of Bellinzona.

Semione

Semione was a municipality of the district Blenio in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland. On 1 April 2012, the former municipalities of Ludiano, Malvaglia and Semione merged to form the new municipality of Serravalle.

Sessa

Sessa was a municipality in Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland. On 18 April 2021, the former municipalities of Croglio, Monteggio, Ponte Tresa and Sessa merged to form the new municipality of Tresa.


Sigirino

Sigirino was a municipality of the district Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland. On 21 November 2010, the former municipalities of Bironico, Camignolo, Medeglia, Rivera and Sigirino merged into the new municipality of Monteceneri.

Sobrio

Sobrio was a municipality of the district Leventina in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland. On 10 April 2016, it was merged into the municipality of Faido.


Sonogno

Sonogno was a municipality of the district Locarno in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland. It can be found in Valle Verzasca.

On 17 October 2020, the former municipalities of Brione (Verzasca), Corippo, Frasco, Sonogno and Vogorno merged to form the new municipality of Verzasca.


Sonvico

Sonvico was a municipality of the district Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland. On 14 April 2013, the former municipalities of Bogno, Cadro, Carona, Certara, Cimadera, Valcolla and Sonvico merged into the city of Lugano.


Sorengo

Sorengo is a municipality of the district Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland. Lago di Muzzano is in this municipality.


Lago di Muzzano

Lago di Muzzano is a lake in Ticino, Switzerland. It is in the municipalities of Sorengo, Muzzano and Collina d'Oro. Its surface area is . It flows into Lake Lugano.

Nidfurn

Nidfurn is a village and former municipality in the canton of Glarus, Switzerland.

It used to be its own municipality, until it was put together with 2 other municipalities to form Haslen.

Leuggelbach

Leuggelbach is a village and former municipality in the canton of Glarus, Switzerland.

It used to be its own municipality, until it was put together with 2 other municipalities to form the new municipality, Haslen.

Agra, Switzerland

Agra is a village in the canton of Ticino, Switzerland.

This former municipality was put together with two other villages to form the new municipality of Collina d'Oro.

Gentilino

Gentilino is a village in the canton of Ticino, Switzerland.

The former municipality was merged with two other villages to form the new municipality of Collina d'Oro.

Munro (disambiguation)

A Munro is any Scottish mountain with a height over 3,000 feet (914.4 metres).

Munro could also mean:



Brave New World (disambiguation)

The phrase "brave new world" comes from Miranda's speech in Shakespeare's "The Tempest", Act V, Scene I:

It could also mean:

In literature:

In film and television:

In music:

Other meanings:

Miranda (Shakespeare)

In Shakespeare's play "The Tempest", Miranda is the beautiful daughter of the old Duke Prospero.

Miranda is a naive 15-year-old girl. She and her father were cast away by her uncle Antonio who wanted the throne and has been on a deserted island since she was three. Her father Prospero sends Ariel, his spirit servant, to fetch Ferdinand and arranges things so that the two will come to love one another. 

Homograph

A homograph is one of a group of words that have the same spelling but have different meanings. They can also have different pronunciations.

For example:

Orlande de Lassus

Orlande de Lassus (whose name is also spelt Orlandus Lassus, Orlando di Lasso, Roland de Lassus, or Roland Delattre) (born Mons, Hainaut, probably in 1532 ; died Munich, 14 June, 1594) was a Franco-Flemish composer who lived in the last part of the Renaissance. Lassus and Palestrina are the two most famous composers of that time who were writing church music in a polyphonic style. 

He was born in Mons in the province of Hainaut in the Low Countries which is mostly what is today the south part of the Netherlands and Belgium. We know very little about his childhood. There is a story that, when he was a choirboy, he was abducted three times by another church who wanted him to sing in their choir because he had a beautiful voice. There is no proof that this story is true. At the age of twelve he left his country and went to Mantua, Sicily, and later to Milan in Italy and then to Naples where he worked until the early 1550s. Next he moved to Rome, where he worked for the Grand Duke of Tuscany, who had a large household there. In 1553, he became "maestro di cappella" of the Basilica di San Giovanni in Laterano in Rome. This was an excellent job for a man who was only 21 years old. However, he only stayed there a year. Later, in 1555, Palestrina took that job. Lassus left Rome to go home to the Low Countries to see his parents who were ill, but by the time he got home they were both dead.

We are not sure what he did between then and 1554. He may have gone to France and England. In 1555 he returned to the Low Countries and had some of his first works published in Antwerp. In 1556 he joined the court of Duke Albert V of Bavaria who was very keen on music and was trying to make music in his country as good as the music in Italy. Lassus was one of several Netherlanders to work there, and by far the most famous. He seems to have been happy in Munich and he stayed there. In 1558 he married the daughter of a maid of honour of the Duchess; they had two sons who both became composers. By 1563 Lassus had been made "maestro di cappella". He stayed there for the rest of his life, although several other kings and aristocrats offered him jobs in other places. He had many honours, including being knighted by the Pope.

In 1590 his health started to be bad. In 1594 his employer decided it was costing him too much to employ Lassus, so he wrote a letter to him to say that he was dismissed (that he no longer had a job). Lassus never saw the letter, because that very same day he died.

Lassus composed a lot of church music. He had to compose masses for the morning and evening services. Many of these are parody masses, which means they were based on tunes from other compositions. Others were influenced by composers from Venice. 

He wrote many motets which were probably sung at services as well. In some of these motets he shows a sense of humour. For example, one of his motets makes fun about bad singers: the music stops and starts and stutters. It was a kind of musical joke. Sometimes he had to write music for special occasions. He had visited Italy several times and learned the Italian way of writing polyphonic music.

Lassus also wrote many songs in French (chansons) as well as German (Lieder). He also wrote madrigals. He even wrote drinking songs.

He never wrote anything that was strictly instrumental music.

Mons

Mons is a town in Belgium and the capital of the Province of Hainaut. It is the fourth largest city of the Walloon part of Belgium where French is spoken. The town's name takes its roots from the Latin word "mons" which means "mountain". In 2015, the city becomes the European Capital of Culture for the calendar year.

In 2007, 91,196 people lived there.

It is at 50° 27 North, 03° 56 East.




Hainaut Province

Hainaut (, , , , , ) is a province of the Walloon Region, one of the three regions of Belgium. Its capital is the city of Mons.

It is the westernmost province of the Walloon Region.

To the south of the province of Hainaut lies the French Nord department, while within Belgium it borders (clockwise from the North) on the Flemish provinces of West Flanders, East Flanders, Flemish Brabant and the Wallonian provinces of Walloon Brabant and Namur.

The province has an area of with a population of about 1,351,000 in 2022. It is the province of the Walloon Region with the highest population.

The province of Hainaut is divided into seven arrondissements ("arrondissementen" in Dutch) with 69 municipalities.

The altitude of the province is between , in Celles, and , in L'Escaillère.

The province of Hainaut is divided into seven "arrondissements" (Ath, Charleroi, La Louvière, Mons, Soignies, Thuin, and Tournai-Mouscron) and a total of 69 municipalities.

Population x 1,000 (on 1 January since 1980).

¹ Established in 2019.

² Change of municipalities in 2019.


Kannur

Kannur is a city in the Kerala state of India. Kannur district derived its name from the location of its headquarters at Kannur town. The old name ‘Cannanore’ is the anglicised form of the Malayalam word Kannur. According to one opinion, ‘Kannur’ is a derivation from Kanathur, an ancient village, the name of which survives even today in one of the wards of Kannur Municipality. Another version is that Kannur might have assumed its name from one of the , deities of the Hindu pantheon, a compound of two words, Kannan (Lord Krishna) and Ur (place) making it the place of Lord Krishna. In this context, it is worth mentioning that the deity of the Katalayi Sreekrishna temple was originally installed in a shrine at Katalayi Kotta in the south eastern part of the present Kannur town.

The earliest evidence of human habitation in the district are rock-cut caves and megalithic burial sites of the Neolithic age. The Taliparamba-Kannur-Thalassery area abounds in rock-cut caves, dolmens, burial stone circles and menhirs, all of megalithic burial order. The district was part of the Chera kingdom, which ruled most of Kerala during the first several centuries CE. Later Kannur was the capital of the Kolattiri Rajas, whose kingdom had trading relations with Arabia and Persiain the 12th century and 13th centuries.

Kannur District witnessed one of the longest and bloodiest resistance to British rule in India. This revolt led by Pazhassi Raja in the 1792–1806 period kept a large part of the district in a state of war.

Kannur District played an important role in the Indian freedom movement. The Indian National Congress, founded in 1885, established a Malabar District committee in 1908. A branch of the All India Home Rule League, founded by Dr. Annie Besant, functioned in Thalassery during this period and among its active workers was V.K. Krishna Menon. By the end of 1939, a branch of the Communist Party of India was formally established at Pinarayi, a village near Thalassery.

New Kingdom of Egypt

The New Kingdom, is the period in ancient Egyptian history between (1570–1070 BC). During the New Kingdom Egypt was richer and more powerful than in all other periods of its history. It includes the Eighteenth, Nineteenth and Twentieth Dynasties.

Egypt expanded far south into Nubia and held wide territories in the Near East. Egyptian armies fought Hittite armies for control of modern-day Syria and Egyptian territory reached its maximum extent.

The Eighteenth Dynasty was ruled by some of Egypt's most famous Pharaohs including Akhenaten, Tutankhamun and Hatshepsut. Queen Hatshepsut concentrated on expanding Egypt's external trade and sent a commercial expedition to the land of Punt. Thutmose III ("the Napoleon of Egypt") expanded Egypt's army and created the largest empire Egypt had ever seen.

Amenhotep IV changed his name to Akhenaten in honor of the Aten. He started a religion based on one god, Aten. 

Ramesses II ("the Great") of the 19th Dynasty tried to get back territories in the Levant that had been held by the 18th Dynasty. In the Battle of Kadesh he led Egyptian armies against those of the Hittite king Muwatalli II. He was caught in the first recorded military ambush, but won the battle.


Moral Code of the Builder of Communism

The Moral Code of the Builder of Communism was a set of twelve rules. It was made in the Soviet Union by the Communist Party of the Soviet Union (CPSU). Every member of the Party was supposed to follow these rules. So was every member of the "Komsomol" (a Communist group for young people ages 14-28).

The Moral Code was written at the 22nd Congress of the CPSU in 1961. It was part of the third CPSU Program, which was a plan for how to make the entire Soviet Union communist as part of the new Party Programme.

Some popular Soviet cliches are written in the Code. In fact, the Code was written to include special phrases, either invented by Soviet thinkers, or borrowed. (For example, the famous quote "'One for all, and all for one" was taken from "The Three Musketeers" by Alexandre Dumas, père.)

The Moral Code of the Builder of Communism (as reported on Wikisource), with simple English explanations below, is:

1. Devotion to the cause of Communism, love of the socialist Motherland and of the socialist countries.
2. Conscientious labor for the good of society: he who does not work, neither shall he eat.
3. Concern on the part of everyone for the preservation and growth of public property.
4. High sense of public duty; intolerance of actions harmful to the public interest.
5. Collectivism and comradely mutual assistance: one for all and all for one.
6. Humane relations and mutual respect between individuals: man is to man a friend, a comrade, and a brother.
7. Honesty and truthfulness, moral purity, unpretentiousness and modesty in social and private life.
8. Mutual respect in the family, concern for the upbringing of children.
9. Irreconcilability towards injustice, parasitism, dishonesty, careerism, and profiteering.
10. Friendship and brotherhood among all peoples of the USSR, intolerance of national and racial hatred.
11. Intolerance towards the enemies of communism, peace, and freedom of nations.
12. Fraternal solidarity with the working people of all countries, and with all peoples.

These rules may be compared to the Ten Commandments or the Bible. For example, the Bible says: "he who does not work, neither shall he eat" (2 Thessalonians 3:10). This line was used in the Soviet Constitution of 1936 as well as the Moral Code. Another example is the Commandment "you shall not commit adultery." This is similar to the Code's rule about "mutual respect in a family, concern about the upbringing of children."

The Ten Commandments focus more on personal virtue - what a person should do, and how to treat other people. The Code talks about how people should act as members of the society they live in.

A Russian legislator and Communist Party leader, Gennady Zyuganov, said the moral code could be compared to the Sermon on the Mount.

Wario

Wario is a character from Nintendo's popular video game series "Mario". He has appeared in most of the "Mario Party" and sports-related games, and has been the subject of a few video games of his own.

Wario wears purple overalls with a yellow shirt, and green, pointed shoes. He has a purple inverted letter M (ꟽ) on his hat, which is similar to how Mario has a red letter M on his. Wario is Mario's rival. He is greedy, and loves money and garlic. He is fat, but he is also very strong. He often works together with his brother Waluigi as his partner.


Wario ranked 10th on GameDaily's Top 10 Smash Bros. characters list. He also ranked seventh on GameDaily's top 10 ugliest game characters list; the authors referenced his snarling smile, moustache, and outfits. They also included him in a top 25 list of video game anti-heroes, stating that in spite of his greed, he's actually a "cool dude". Screwattack rated Wario as the 10th Biggest Douchebag in Gaming. IGN editor Travis Fahs commented that while he was not the most likable character, he has incredible confidence that overshadows his flaws and makes him an entertaining character. In an article written by Kombo editors Agustin Olvera and Stephen Smith, they exclaim their surprise that he had not appeared in "Super Smash Bros. Melee" as a playable character, stating that he would be a great addition to the game.


Iconoclasm

Iconoclasm is a belief that people should reject religious images (like icons or monuments) by destroying or avoiding them. This is the opposite of idolatry, the worship of icons. Iconoclasm happens during important political or religious changes. It is generally distinct from destruction by foreigners, for example by Spanish conquistadors in America. The term does not generally include the specific destruction of images of a ruler after his death or overthrow ("damnatio memoriae"), for example Akhenaten in Ancient Egypt. 

People who support iconoclasm are called iconoclasts. This word is also used for people who are against established dogma or conventions. Similarly, people who revere or venerate religious images are called idolators. In an Eastern Orthodox context they are known as iconodules, or iconophiles.

Iconoclasm may be carried out by people of a different religion, but is often the result of sectarian disputes between factions of the same religion. The two Byzantine outbreaks during the 8th and 9th centuries were unusual because the use of images was the main issue in the dispute, rather than a by-product of wider concerns. In Christianity, iconoclasm has generally been motivated by a literal interpretation of the Ten Commandments, which forbid the making and worshipping of "graven images" of God.

United Church of God

The United Church of God (UCG) is a denomination of Christianity. It is one of many denominations to come out of the Worldwide Church of God (WCG) in 1995. The Worldwide Church of God was started by Herbert W. Armstrong.

UCG calls itself "The United Church of God, "an International Association"", with the last three words italicized. This is so people do not confuse it with other churches. UCG is its own denomination.

After Herbert Armstrong's death in 1986, leaders in the WCG began to change the teachings of the church. This started in 1994. They changed the teachings to be more like other Christian churches. Many of the members wished to keep the original teachings, which they believed were the same beliefs as the early church of the First Century. Because of this, they left to start their own churches. UCG was established in May 1995 and is the largest church to come out of the WCG.

UCG began when former WCG ministers met in Indianapolis, Indiana in the spring of 1995. The were concerned about the changing teachings of the church. UCG's first president was David Hulme. He was later removed from office because he refused to move the church's home office to Ohio in 1998, among other reasons. After this, he started a new church called "Church of God, an International Community." After Hulme, church elders elected other new presidents. They elected Les McCullough in 1998, Roy Holladay in 2002, Clyde Kilough in 2005 and Dennis Luker in 2010. Victor Kubik was elected to serve for three years in May 2013.

UCG is led by twelve men called the "Council of Elders". They are elected by a group of church ministers called the "General Conference of Elders." This is not like the WCG, which was led by one man only. The General Conference of Elders meets once a year in May to decide how money should be spent and how the church should be run. They also decide the teachings of the church and go to seminars. The council meets four times a year.

UCG's "Home Office" and is in Milford, Ohio, (a suburb of Cincinnati). This office is led by UCG's president, who is also the church's main spokesperson. He also leads the church's ministers and controls the printing of the church magazine, newsletter, and booklets. He is elected by the Council of Elders (COE) and can be removed by them.

The UCG believes and worships like many other Christian churches, except:

Ambassador Bible College (ABC) is an in-depth nine-month program where students can learn about the Bible, Christian living and the teachings of the United Church of God. The program also prepares young people to lead and serve, and it prepares them to teach future generations. Students study church teaching and all the books of the Bible thoroughly.

UCG states: "The mission of the Church of God is to preach the gospel of Jesus Christ and the Kingdom of God in all the world, make disciples in all nations and care for those disciples." Their goal is to preach about "The Kingdom of God" to everyone, through the UCG website, through Twitter and YouTube, and through radio, magazines, booklets, and television.

UCG produces the following:
UCG also has 33 booklets on different Bible teachings, and a 12-lesson Bible study course. It also has a monthly Bible reading program where the Bible is explained, and a number of articles. "Kingdom of God Bible seminars" began in September 2011 and are held at different locations around the world.


Jewish–Roman wars

The Jewish–Roman Wars is the name given to a number of revolts of Jews in the province of Judea in the Roman Empire. These were directed against the Roman rule. 

Further revolts by the Jews in Iudaea Province:

Triple Zero

Triple Zero (000) is the national emergency number within Australia. If someone has an emergency situation that is life threatening or time critical, this number will connect them to a Telstra operator who will then connect them to the police, fire or ambulance service as required. 112 is a secondary emergency number that will direct calls to the Triple Zero answering point. It is against the law to use this number if there is no emergency. 

Before 1961, Australia did not have a national number for emergency services; each of the different emergency branches (police, fire department or ambulance) had their own number. In 1961, the Postmaster General (PMG) introduced the Triple Zero (000) number in most of the major Australian cities and by the end of the 1980s it had become nation-wide. The number Triple Zero (000) was chosen for several reasons, one of which was that it was easy to dial in darkness because the number zero was next to the finger stop on most Australian telephones.

A person would dial Triple Zero (000) if they require a response from police, fire or ambulance for life threatening or time critical events.

When Triple Zero (000) is dialled, a Telstra operator will answer and ask the caller the following: “Emergency, police, fire or ambulance?”. The Telstra operator will then connect the caller to the required emergency service. The emergency service call taker will then ask the caller further, and send assistance as required.


Districts of Germany

German districts () are administrative units used in Germany for local government. 

The districts are in between the (German states) and the local / municipal levels (). They are not to be confused with the larger . 

Their equivalent in other nations is the county or arrondissement. 

Most of the districts are rural districts (). There are 295 "Landkreise". 

Cities with more than 100,000 inhabitants (and smaller towns in some states) are not usually part of a district, but do the work of a district themselves. These are known as urban districts ( or "Stadtkreise") The equivalent in the United Kingdom is a unitary authority, they do the work of a town and a county. There are 107 of these Kreisfreie Städte.

This makes a total of 402 districts.

In North Rhine-Westphalia, there are some cities with more than 100,000 inhabitants which are not urban districts, for example Iserlohn, Recklinghausen, Siegen, Paderborn, Bergisch Gladbach, Witten and Neuss. These cities belong to a district, but still do so the districts jobs themselves, as though they were independent.

The districts are responsible for the following:



All these tasks are carried out by local (municipal) authorities operating together. Urban districts have these responsibilities and also those of the municipalities.

The district council, the , is the legislative body of the district and is responsible for local self-administration. The parliament is elected every five years, except in Bavaria where it is elected every six years.

The person in charge of the district's government is the or . In parts of northern Germany, this is also the name of the district administration, in southern Germany it is known as "Kreisverwaltung".


Rural districts of Germany

Germany is divided into 401 administrative districts. There are 294 rural districts (), listed here. There are also 107 urban districts (' / ') listed in List of German urban districts.

Urban districts are large towns or cities which handle their own local government. Rural districts provide services for the smaller towns and villages in an area. In some states the towns and villages in a district are joined into ämter (although "amt" is not always the name used). This is because the towns and villages in the area are too small to provide the local services (for example fire brigade or cemeteries). If the "Amt" system is used towns or settlements might be "amtfrei" that is, not part of an amt because the town can handle its own local affairs.

In some states there is another level of government, the Regierungsbezirk or governmental district. Several urban and rural districts are joined to make a regierungsbezirk, which does some of their jobs, especially things like land-use planning which can affect several districts.


Mary, Queen of Scots

Mary, Queen of Scots (8 December 1542 – 8 February 1587), was Queen of Scotland from 14 December 1542 until 24 July 1567, when she was forced to give up her kingdom ("abdicate)". She was executed because it was said she had been plotting to assassinate her cousin, Elizabeth I of England.

Mary was the daughter of King James V of Scotland, who died just after she was born. She was crowned queen when she was only 6 days old. Her grandmother Margaret Tudor was the oldest surviving daughter of Henry VII of England. 

Mary went to live in France when she was very young. Scotland would be ruled by "regents" until she was 18 years old. The first regent was the Earl of Arran. After 1554, the regent was Mary's mother, Mary of Guise.

King Henry VIII of England tried to get Lord Arran to agree that Mary would marry his son. This led to a series of battles called the "Rough Wooing". In the end, Lord Arran turned to the French for help. Lord Arran and King Henry II of France agreed that France would protect Scotland if Mary could marry the King's son Francis. When she was 15 years old, Mary married Francis, who was now King Francis II of France. But their marriage was short. Francis became very ill and later died from an ear infection that had spread to his brain, leaving Mary a widow shortly before her 18th birthday.

When Mary was born, Scotland was a Catholic country. While she was living in France, Protestant ideas were spreading to Scotland. Her mother tried to stop this but could not. In 1560, the Parliament of Scotland said it wanted Scotland to be a Protestant country.

In 1561, Mary returned to Scotland. She found that she was not popular in her kingdom. She had been brought up as a Catholic, but many people in Scotland had become Protestant. It was difficult for Mary to avoid siding with either the Catholics or the Protestants. 

As Mary was now free to marry again, there were lots of noblemen who wanted to become her husband. For her second husband, she chose an English lord named Henry Stuart, Lord Darnley, who was of royal blood. Mary and Darnley were both grand-children of Henry VII and were half first -cousins. Darnley was good-looking and charming, but he was often very childish, and he was jealous of Mary's secretary, an Italian named David Rizzio.

Mary became pregnant. While she was expecting the baby, Darnley and his friends got drunk one night and decided to kill David Rizzio. They came into Mary's private rooms at Holyrood Palace while she was talking with Rizzio and they stabbed him to death. Darnley got away with the murder because he was the queen's husband, but Mary never forgave him for murdering her friend Rizzio and avoided being with him again. When her baby was born, it was a boy, who would later become King James VI of Scotland.

In 1567, Darnley was murdered. James Hepburn, 4th Earl of Bothwell was put on trial for the murder but found not guilty. He was a powerful Scottish nobleman who was loyal to Mary and hated Darnley. Mary then married him. This caused her problems, because Bothwell had many enemies and many still believed he had murdered Darnley. Mary's enemies forced her off the throne and made her young son the king in her place. Mary was put in prison in Loch Leven Castle. She escaped and crossed the border into England, which was ruled by her cousin, Elizabeth, Queen of England.

Mary, Queen of Scots hoped that her cousin Elizabeth I would help her regain her throne, but Elizabeth did not trust her as it was believed that Mary might try to take her throne. As a result, Mary was imprisoned for many years. However, things took a dark turn when Mary was accused of planning to murder Elizabeth. She was put on trial and found guilty of treason by a jury of thirty noblemen, and was sentenced to death by beheading.

On February 8, 1587, Mary was executed at Fotheringhay Castle in Northamptonshire, England, at the order of Queen Elizabeth I. Following the execution, the executioner held up Mary's head and famously declared, "God save the Queen." While this was meant to demonstrate his loyalty to Elizabeth I, some accounts suggest that the crowd was horrified by the display, which only added to the public sympathy for Mary.

The execution of Mary, Queen of Scots was a significant event in the history of Scotland and England, and it is still remembered and debated today. While some people believe that Mary was a victim of Elizabeth's political plotting, others argue that she was a threat to English security and had to be dealt with accordingly. Some people in Scotland saw Mary as a victim, a Catholic queen who was unfairly treated by her Protestant cousin Elizabeth I. They mourned her death.

Administrative divisions of Germany

This is a list of the administrative divisions of Germany. It includes the "Kreise"/"Landkreise" as well as the "kreisfreie Städte". The list is sorted alphabetically, by state.

Jack Peñate

Jack Fabian Peñate (born 2 September 1984) is a British singer-songwriter and musician, of English and Spanish heritage. He is signed to XL Recordings, the record label. Well known for his soulful ska-fuelled songs and eccentric dancing whilst on stage, his live performance has received some very high praise. He attended Alleyn's School and spent one year at University College London studying Classics before leaving to start his musical career. He performs with friends and band members Joel Porter (bass) and Alex Robins (drums).

Singles:

Albums:


Guillaume Dufay

Guillaume Dufay (pronounce ""GHEE-oam Doo-FYE"", sometimes spelt Du Fay) (born Beersel? 5 August 1397?; died Cambrai, 27 November 1474) was a Franco-Flemish composer and music theorist of the early Renaissance. He was the most important composer of his time. He belonged to the group of composers known as the Burgundian School. He had more influence on music in Europe than any other composer of the 15th century.

From what it says in his will it seems likely that he was born in Beersel which is near Brussels in what, today, is Belgium. He was the illegitimate child of an unknown priest and a woman called Marie Du Fayt. When he was small, Dufay moved with his mother to Cambrai where they stayed with a relative who was a canon of the cathedral there. Dufay soon showed musical talent, and he was given a musical education at the cathedral. He sang in the choir there. When he was only 16 he was given a benefice as chaplain near Cambrai. He travelled to Konstanz for a meeting.

From November 1418 to 1420 he was a subdeacon at Cambrai Cathedral. In 1420 he left Cambrai again, and worked in Rimini in Italy at the house of a rich family. In 1424 he returned to Cambrai because the relative in whose house his mother was staying was ill. After the relative died he went back to Italy. He worked in Bologna for a cardinal. He became a deacon and then a priest.
When the Cardinal was made to leave Bologna in 1428 Dufay went to Rome to work for the pope. He became a member of the Papal Choir. In 1434 he was made "maistre de chappelle" in Savoy. He seems to have left Rome when the papal choir had money problems. Yet in 1435 he was again in the service of the papal chapel, but this time it was in Florence. In 1436 Dufay composed the festive motet "Nuper rosarum flores", one of his most famous compositions, which was sung at the dedication of Brunelleschi's dome of the cathedral in Florence.

During this period Dufay also began his long association with the d'Este family in Ferrara, some of the most important musical patrons of the Renaissance. He may have got to know them during his first stay in Italy. Rimini was not far from Ferrara, and he spent time in both towns where he got financial support.

At this time the arguments between the Pope and the Council of Basel continued. Dufay thought he might find himself without a job, so he went back to Cambrai. In order to be a canon at Cambrai, he needed a law degree, which he got in 1437; he may have studied at Turin University in 1436. One of the first documents mentioning him in Cambrai is dated December 27, 1440, when he was given 36 lots of wine for the feast of St. John the Evangelist. We do not know how long he took to drink it.

Dufay stayed in Cambrai during the 1440s. At the same time he was also in the service of the Duke of Burgundy. While in Cambrai he worked with Nicolas Grenon on completely renewing the cathedral collection of music. This meant that he had to write a big collection of polyphonic music for services. He also worked in the administration of the cathedral. In 1444 his mother died, and was buried in the cathedral; and in 1445 Dufay moved into the house of the person who had been canon just before. He kept this home for the rest of his life, although he did spend six more years in Italy where he wrote many of his compositions. When he returned again to Cambrai he was made canon of the cathedral. He was the most famous composer in Europe by that time. He often composed music for the court of Burgundy, and he met many younger composers who were becoming famous, such as Busnois, Ockeghem, Tinctoris, and Loyset Compère. During this period Dufay probably wrote his mass based on the song "L'homme armé", as well as the chanson based on the same song. Maybe he wrote this when Philip the Good called for a new crusade against the Turks, who had recently captured Constantinople. He also wrote a Requiem mass around 1460, which is lost.

After an illness of several weeks, Dufay died on November 27, 1474. He had asked for his motet "Ave regina celorum" to be sung for him as he died, with pleas for mercy to be read between some of the movements, but there was not enough time for this to be arranged, so it was sung at his funeral instead. Dufay was buried in the chapel of St. Etienne in the cathedral of Cambrai; his portrait was carved onto his tombstone. In later years the cathedral was destroyed, and the tombstone was lost, but it was found in 1859 (it was being used to cover a well), and is now in the Palais des Beaux Arts museum in Lille.

Dufay’s music was performed all over Europe. People who wanted to perform his music had to write it out by hand. There was no music printing in those days.

Dufay wrote church music including masses, motets, Magnificats, hymns, simple chant settings and antiphons. His secular (non-religious) music includes rondeaux, ballades, virelais and a few other kinds of chanson. His style of composition laid the foundation for the next generations of Renaissance composers. Some of his techniques were old-fashioned. He used isorhythms in his motets, which had been popular in medieval music. He used a way of harmonizing chants which became known as fauxbourdon. He was popular because he was skilled at writing melodies which were beautiful to sing.


Upper Egypt

Upper Egypt is a narrow strip of land on both sides of the Nile that extends from modern-day Aswan to the area south of modern-day Cairo. The northern part of Upper Egypt, between El-Aiyat and Asyut is sometimes called Middle Egypt.

Upper Egypt was known as "Ta Shemau" which means "the land of reeds." It was divided into twenty-two districts called nomes. The first nome was roughly where modern Aswan is and the twenty-second was at modern Atfih (Aphroditopolis), just to the south of Cairo.

For most of pharaonic Egypt's history Thebes was the administrative centre of Upper Egypt. 

Upper Egypt was represented by the tall White Crown "Hedjet", and its symbol was the flowering lotus.

It is in this region that the Arab Bedouin were installed before settling between Tunisia and eastern Algeria (Constantinois)



Brandenburg an der Havel

Brandenburg an der Havel () (Upper Sorbian: "Branibor", Low German: "Brannenborg an de Havel") is a town in the state of Brandenburg, Germany. It is on the banks of the Havel river. Population: 74,129 (December 31, 2005).

The town of Brandenburg is less known than the state of Brandenburg: But the state is named after the town, and so is the medieval Bishopric of Brandenburg, the Margravate of Brandenburg. Today it is a small town compared to nearby Berlin, but once it was the start of the countries of Brandenburg and Prussia.

Brandenburg was only on western bank of the Havel until 1196. But even after that year the parts on either side of the river were regarded as two different towns (Old and New Brandenburg) for centuries.

In 1314 the two towns joined the Hanseatic League. In the Thirty Years' War (1618-1648) the towns were robbed and destroyed. Potsdam became the new capital, and the Royal Court left the town of Brandenburg. In 1715 the two halves of the town were merged to form a single town.

The concentration camp Brandenburg-Görden was in Görden, a suburb of Brandenburg, during the years of Nazi Germany.

After the fall of the Berlin Wall the population dropped from over 100,000 in 1989 down to roughly 75,000 in 2005 through emigration. The migration mainly affects the young people and thus the future of the city is uncertain.

Earl Hooker

Earl Hooker (born January 15, 1929 in Clarksdale, Mississippi; died April 21, 1970 in Chicago, Illinois) was an American blues guitarist.

Earl Hooker was born Earl Zebedee Hooker in Clarksdale, Mississippi. He taught himself to play guitar around the age of 10 and began going to the Lyon & Healy Music School in 1941 soon after.

While a teen, Hooker played on Chicago street corners, sometimes with Bo Diddley. He also became friends with slide guitarist Robert Nighthawk, which led to Hooker playing slide guitar and some performances with Nighthawk's group outside of Chicago.

In 1949, Hooker moved to Memphis, joined Ike Turner's band, and played in the South.

Hooker made his first recordings mainly 78 rpm and 45 rpm records in 1952 and 1953 for small labels Rockin', King, and Sun. Hooker spent most of the '60s playing in Chicago clubs with his band.

In 1969 he recorded an album, "Hooker 'n Steve", with organist Steve “Mr. Blues” Miller for Arhoolie Records. Hooker also played slide guitar on the 1962 Muddy Waters recording "You Shook Me". The 1970 album "Sweet Black Angel", co-producer Ike Turner contain songs "I Feel Good", "Drivin' Wheel", "Country and Western", "Boogie", Don't Blot! "Shuffle", "Catfish Blues", "Crosscut Saw", "Sweet Home Chicago", "Mood", and "Funky Blues".

Earl Hooker died at the age of 41 from tuberculosis. He is buried in the Restvale Cemetery in Alsip, Illinois. His story was told in a 2001 book by author Sebastian Danchin titled "Earl Hooker, Blues Master".

Roma people

The Roma are an ethnic group of Indo-Aryan origin, found mainly in Europe. In English, they are often called Gypsies. Some Roma, but not all consider "Gypsy" to be a slur. The old word "Chingar" is now rarely used. The Roma are people that left India around 500 AD and entered Europe around 1000 AD.

A DNA study by Indian and Estonian researchers shows that the Roma people's ancestors originate from Chandala (untouchables), Dalit and Shudra community of their ancestral homeland Gene flow from Turks into the Roma people population at the Ottoman Empire , happened through the Ottoman conquest of the Balkans and Byzantine Empire. Much DNA from the People of the Host Countrys where the roma live in flow also into the Romani people through intermarriages
Another gene study shows South Indian Tamil people DNA to Romani people, also the Y-DNA H in Roma community if from India. View Romani Men share the R1a1 Y-DNA Haplogroup, who show a Brahmin Ancestry. It is also claimed the Roma people came from Sindh. Also the J and R Y-DNA from Jats can be found in Roma people
The newborns of the Romani people from different countries, as a Indian study shows, have the blue-greyish so called Mongolian spot. Another study show's that many Romani Men from the Zargari tribe in Iran at Qazvin Province are born without a foreskin or a very short foreskin, a rare condition called Aposthia.
There are populations of Roma all over Europe, but the largest populations are in Eastern Europe and in the Balkans. 

There are various groups of Roma: the Roma of East European birth; the Sinti in Germany and the Manouches in France and Catalonia; the Kaló in Spain, Ciganos in Portugal and Gitans of southern France; the Romanichals of Britain; and the Romanlar in Turkey.

The Romani language is now an official language in many European countries under the European Charter for Regional or Minority Languages.

The 18th-century idea on the Indian birth of the Roma is based on the likeness between Romani and the languages spoken in the Indian subcontinent. The theory is now supported by genetic evidence. The origins of the Roma were not known until 1763, when a theology student, Stefan Vali, met Indian medical students. He noticed that they were physically similar to the Roma he saw in Hungary. He also noticed that they used similar words.

It is believed that the remnants from the Indo-Greeks , the Atsinganos (Untouchables) left the Indian subcontinent as traders about Indo-Roman trade via the Silk Road through Byzantine Empire to Egypt at the time of the Migration period , where they live for centuries. The Copts named them ⲣⲱⲙⲁ ("man or human", also "these people there") in Coptic. Around the 12th or the 13th centuries, the Roma reached the Balkans, in the wake of the Crusades. From there, they dispersed in Western Europe.

The first arrivals were well accepted. European people thought they were Christian pilgrims. The local people of Europe were fascinated by their nomadic way of life and their new sciences. A Roma was often recruited as a musician, for Horse training and circus artists, a lion tamer, a Blacksmith, a town crier, a hawker, avgroundskeeper, a dishwasher, a cleaner, a lumberjack, a caretaker, a locksmith, and other low jobs. Roma were crossing Europe aboard large caravans, which contained their luggage.

The Egyptians Act of 1530 expelled Roma people from England, and 10,000 expelled Roma people went to the Ottoman Empire and became Muslims. Their descendants have , call themself until today Egyptians.

During World War II, Roma people suffered from the Nazis' persecution and ethnic cleansing policies. Statistics show that about 500,000 Roms died in Nazi concentration camps. The Xoraxane Roma from Bosnia, also named white sedentary muslim gypys was not deportated, because Muslims of Bosnia decleared they belong to us.

The culture of roma people differs from country to country where there live in and also many differences from group to group. The different Religions also have a big influence of the difference of roma-culture. The Roma left a musical heritage. Guitars and violins are part of their traditions. The Roma influenced musical styles in Europe, such as the belly dance, flamenco, rumba, and jazz. 

On 8 April 1971, the Roma nationality was legally recognized in Europe. Since then, 8 April is the Roma national day.
Most Romani people practise endogamy and arranged marriage's in very young age. Exogamy, marrying a Gadjo (non-Roma), is seldom. In some groups Cousin marriage is prohibited.

Romani cuisine differs from one country to another

"Didicoy" is a term used by Roma people for people who are of mixed Roma blood. The ancestry of these people is not completely Roma. Full blooded Roma and didicoy do not get along well with each other. The Romanichal (full blooded Roma people) often believe that their reputation for criminality is based on the actions of didicoys and other nomadic groups that are refered to as "Gypsies". Some families of mixed blood often call themselves "kyes". 

Often, the non-nomadic population of Roma people in the United Kingdom use the term Didicoy as slang for all Roma people. An example of an old Romani song about a mixed blooded Roma is the "Romano Rai".

The Roma's religions are mostly Eastern Christianity, Catholicism, and Islam. Baptism by the Dasikane (Christian Roma) and male circumcision by the Xoraxane (Muslim Roma) are practiced. Their ancient religion was Hinduism and Buddhism. 
Some formally Christian and Muslim Roma have embraced the Noahidic faith. According to Jewish law, non-Jews do not have to convert, but are supposed to obey the Noahide commandments. Persons who submit to the commandments are called children of Noah (B'nei Noach) Noahids. In Hungary there are many former Christian Roma who adopted Buddhism, especially in Hungary. There are also some Christian Roma groups, who taken one of the several evangelicalism faith. Several Muslim Roma belong to one of a Sufism Tarika.
The Old Dualist-Religion of the Roma people called "Romanipen" is a simple belive in "Devla-God and Beng-Satan ". There is no holy books but Priests called Rashai derived from Rishi, the Priests wife is called Rashani. Only Roma or partial roma may be members.
Some Roma belonges to Bahá'í Faith and Mormonism

Even though they have been recognized, they still suffer from discrimination and antiziganism. Some countries still apply discriminatory attitudes towards Roma, especially in workplaces and schools, where they are not accepted.

Their squatting communities also irritate locals. The Romani created an association in 1978 to defend their rights.


Scrubland

Scrubland is plant community with scrub vegetation. "Scrub" means low shrubs, mixed with grasses, herbs, and geophytes. 

Scrublands are sometimes known as heathlands. Scrublands may develop naturally or as result of human activity. They may be the mature vegetation type in a particular region and remain stable over time, or a transitional community that occurs temporarily as the result of a disturbance, such as a major fire. 

Lower Egypt

Lower Egypt is the fertile Nile Delta region, which stretches from the area between El-Aiyat and Zawyet Dahshur, south of modern-day Cairo, and the Mediterranean Sea.

Lower Egypt was known as "Ta-Mehu" which means "land of papyrus." It was divided into twenty districts called nomes. Lower Egypt was mostly undeveloped scrubland, undeveloped for human life and filled with all types of plant life such as grasses and herbs.

The climate in Lower Egypt is milder than that of Upper Egypt. Temperatures are less extreme and there is more rainfall.

The capital of Lower Egypt was Buto. Its patron goddess was the cobra goddess Wadjet. Lower Egypt was represented by the Low Red Crown "Deshret", and its symbol was the papyrus.


Evelyn Barbirolli

Evelyn Barbirolli (born Wallingford-on-Thames, Berkshire, 24 January 1911; died 25 January 2008) was a famous oboist. She was an honorary member of the Royal Philharmonic Society. Only 116 people have ever been made honorary members. She was the wife of the conductor Sir John Barbirolli. She was born Evelyn Rothwell, and was always known by that name until after the death of her husband, John Barbirolli, when she changed her professional name to “Evelyn Barbirolli”. She became famous at a time when there were very few women in orchestras.

Evelyn Rothwell’s father was a tea dealer in the City of London. Her mother was related to Charles Reade, a 19th century novelist. She started to learn the oboe at her school, Downe House, near Newbury. Her father did not want her to study music, but in the end she was allowed to go to the Royal College of Music. She studied the oboe there, and the piano as a second instrument. She also played the cello and timpani. She was a student there at the same time as Benjamin Britten, who sometimes asked her to play some of the oboe music he had just written.

Evelyn started her professional career as an oboist in the Drury Lane orchestra. She soon got a job with the Royal Opera House touring company whose conductor was John Barbirolli. Barbirolli was married, but his marriage did not last long.

Barbirolli was then made conductor of the Scottish Orchestra (now called the Royal Scottish National Orchestra). He gave Evelyn the job of first oboe in this orchestra. He made an arrangement of a concerto by Handel for her to play. She played several other concertos with him conducting, and they made several recordings. Vaughan Williams was very pleased with their recording of his oboe concerto. Several composers wrote music especially for her. Henry Wood made her first oboist in the New Queen’s Hall Orchestra. 

Evelyn married Barbirolli in 1939, after he had divorced his first wife. By this time Barbirolli was conductor of the New York Philharmonic. He had taken this job after Toscanini had left. Barbirolli and his new wife lived in New York until 1943 when they returned to England so that Barbirolli could be the conductor of the Hallé Orchestra in Manchester. Sometimes she played in the orchestra, but not very often because she thought people might say that it was because her husband was the conductor. When the Hallé Orchestra went to Austria in 1948 she played Mozart’s oboe concerto with them. People at that time only knew this work in an arrangement for the flute.

In Manchester Evelyn helped her husband by being his secretary. She drove him everywhere, and was always by his side at rehearsals to help him. As Barbirolli gradually became ill she spent nearly all her time with him instead of playing the oboe. She travelled with him to America when he became conductor of the Houston Symphony Orchestra. Barbirolli kept working hard although he was not well. During his last years they had financial problems when Barbirolli’s manager caused them to lose a lot of money.

After Barbirolli’s death in 1970 she started to play her oboe again. She taught at the Royal Academy of Music, and was always known as “Lady Barbirolli” (or “Lady B”). She often adjudicated at music competitions. Her pupils respected her for her honesty and kindness. She wrote a book about "Oboe Technique" and the "Oboist’s Companion", a book in 3 volumes. She also wrote an autobiography called "Living with Glorious John". She was made an OBE in 1984. She died the day after her 97th birthday.


List of cities in Germany with more than 100,000 inhabitants

This is a list of cities in Germany with more than 100,000 inhabitants.

The following table lists all towns in Germany that currently have a population greater than 100,000. The federal capital is shown in yellow, state capitals (except Schwerin, which does not meet the list rules because it is too small) in light blue.
Where a city has different names in English and German, the English name is given first.




Regierungsbezirk

A Regierungsbezirk is a government region of Germany in some federal states ("Bundesländer"). 

"Regierungsbezirke" are divided into districts ("Kreise"), either "Landkreise" or urban districts: cities which constitute a district in their own right ("kreisfreie Städte"). The "Regierungsbezirk" is governed by a "Bezirksregierung" and led by a "Regierungspräsident".

Not all "Bundesländer" have this sub-division; some are directly divided into districts. Currently, five states are divided into 22 "Regierungsbezirke", ranging in population from 5,255,000 (Düsseldorf) to 1,065,000 (Gießen):


The first "Regierungsbezirke" were created by the Kingdom of Prussia in 1808/16, which divided its provinces into 25 "Regierungsbezirke". The "Regierungsbezirke" of North Rhine-Westphalia are in direct continuation of those created in 1815. Other states of the German Empire created similar entities, named "Kreishauptmannschaft" (in Saxony) or "Kreis" (in Bavaria and Württemberg) (not to be confused with the "Kreis" or "Landkreis" today). During the Third Reich, the Nazi government unified the naming; since then all these entities are called "Regierungsbezirk".

On January 1 2000 Rhineland-Palatinate disbanded its three "Regierungsbezirke" Koblenz, Rheinhessen-Pfalz and Trier - the employees and assets of the three "Bezirksregierungen" were converted into three public authorities responsible for the whole state, each covering a part of the former responsibilities of the "Bezirksregierung".

On January 1, 2004, Saxony-Anhalt disbanded its three "Regierungsbezirke": Dessau, Halle and Magdeburg. The responsibilities are now covered by a "Landesverwaltungsamt" with three offices at the former seats of the "Bezirksregierungen". 

On January 1, 2005, Lower Saxony disbanded its four "Regierungsbezirke": Braunschweig, Hanover, Lüneburg, and Weser-Ems.

In 2005, North Rhine-Westphalia planned to abolish its five "Regierungsbezirke" and create three self-government entities. The old, "Prussian-style", Regierungsbezirk had no self-government organs.

Joschka Fischer

Joseph Martin "Joschka" Fischer (born 12 April 1948) was German foreign minister and Vice Chancellor in the government of Gerhard Schröder from 1998 to 2005. He was a leading figure in the German Green Party and according to opinion polls , he was the most popular politician in Germany for most of the government's duration. He left office on 22 November 2005.

Fischer was born in Gerabronn in Baden-Württemberg. His parents were Germans from Hungary. His nickname Joschka is from "Jóska", which is the Hungarian nickname for Joseph (). Fischer dropped out of high school in 1965, and started working for a photographer which he quit in 1966.

In 1967 he became active in the German student movement and Left-wing politics. Working in a left-wing bookstore in Frankfurt was when he started going to leftist university events as a guest student. He studied the works of Marx, Mao and Hegel and became a member of the militant group "Revolutionary Combat" ().

Fischer took part in some street battles when the anarchist "Putzgruppe" attacked the police and hurt some officers a lot. (In German the word "Putz" can mean a cleaner, but in "Putz-group" it is an acronym. That means the letters stand for other words. "Proletarische Union für Terror und Zerstörung", i.e. "The Workers Union for Terror and Destruction"). Photos of one battle in March 1973 show Fischer clubbing policeman Rainer Marx . getting a workout (photo)

In the German Autumn () of 1977, there were a lot of terrorist attacks by the Red Army Faction (RAF). Fischer says that these attacks, especially the kidnapping and murder of Hanns-Martin Schleyer, made him give up violence as a way to get political change.

Instead, he became involved in the new social movements and later in the newly founded German Green Party, mainly in the state of Hesse.

In May 1981 the Minister of Economics of the state of Hesse, Heinz-Herbert Karry, was murdered. The gun that killed the minister was stolen from an American army base in 1973, and Fischer's car was used in the robbery.

As Foreign Minister, Fischer apologised for the violence of his "Putzgruppe" days,

From 1983 to 1985, Fischer was a member of the Bundestag for the Green party. In 1985, he became Minister for the Environment in Hesse in the first Social Democrat-Green coalition (1985-1987). Fischer caused a stir when he arrived to take his oath of office ceremony wearing trainers. These trainers are now on display in a museum in Bonn.

Fischer was again Environment Minister in Hessen from 1991 to 1994, and, later on, became co-chairman of the Greens parliamentary party in the Bundestag. During his years in opposition, Fischer was respected for his speeches. For a large part of the 1990s, with the SPD was not very popular, and Fischers friends often called him "real" Leader of the Opposition.

In September 1998 the Social Democrats, led by Gerhard Schröder, beat the Christian Democrat government of Helmut Kohl. With the SPD's 42% and the Greens' 7%, a coalition government could be formed. After several weeks of talks between Social Democrats and Greens, the new government took power on 27 October 1998. Fischer became Minister of Foreign Affairs.

In 1999 Fischer supported German participation in the Kosovo War. This was very extremely controversial within the largely pacifist Green Party, because it meant that, for the first time since World War II, German soldiers would actively go into combat. He justified this war with allegations that Serbia was planning to commit genocide against the Kosovo Albanians.

Fischer was also in favour of stationing German troops in Afghanistan, but he advised Schröder not to join the war in Iraq. He is known as a good friend of Kofi Annan. By 2005 he was the second longest-serving foreign minister in German postwar history (after Hans-Dietrich Genscher).

In 2005 Fischer was accused by critics of carelessly relaxing controls on visa regulations for Ukraine, thus allowing many illegal immigrants to enter Germany with fake identities. A parliamentary committee was established to examine the case, and unlike in other such committee hearings, Fischer's statement (and that of other top officials) was shown live on public TV. Fischer's appearance before the committee took twelve hours. (See German Visa Affair 2005).

After the defeat of the coalition government in the 2005 election, Fischer announced that he would retire to the backbench. "After 20 years of power, now I want my freedom back", he was quoted as saying. On 13 October 2005, it was announced that Frank-Walter Steinmeier (SPD) would succeed Fischer as Foreign Minister.

Since the beginning of September 2006 Joschka Fischer has been a senior fellow at the Liechtenstein Institute on Self-Determination at Princeton University, a visiting professor at Woodrow Wilson School of Public and International Affairs at Princeton University. He has also spoken at other American universities, notably Brandeis University, on various topic in foreign affairs and international relations.

Fischer has often been the most popular German politician, even among supporters of other parties.

Until 1996, Fischer had been an outspoken lover of good wines and food. He often bet cases of expensive wine with other politicians on the outcome of elections. Fischer had also been overweight. Within a short time he lose a lot of weight. Fischer said that this was due to his giving up alcohol completely and changing his diet. He had also been doing fitness training and even running marathons. He cashed in on his weight loss by writing the book "My long race towards myself" about his experience, which became an immediate bestseller. Recently he has been putting on weight again.

Fischer has been married five times: his first four marriages, to Edeltraud Fischer (1967-1984), Inge Vogel (1984-1987), Claudia Bohm (1987-1999), and Nicola Leske (1999-2003), all ended in divorce. In October 2005 he married (in Rome) Minu Barati, who was his common-law wife for 2 years. With Inge, his second wife, he has two children: David and Lara. In April 2005 Fischer became a grandfather for the first time.


The following sources reflect the views of U.S. adversaries of Fischer and his policies, especially Germany's decision not to participate in the 2003 U.S.-led invasion of Iraq.

Fischer writes a monthly commentary series, "The Rebel Realist", for Project Syndicate, a non-profit association of newspapers around the world.

Flora family

The Flora family of asteroids is a big group of S-type asteroids in the closer part of the main belt, whose origin and properties are not well understood right now. About 4-5% of all main belt asteroids belong to this family.

Because of its poorly defined edges, and the location of Flora itself near the edge, this asteroid group has also sometimes been called the Ariadne family, when Flora did not make it into the group during an analysis (e.g. the WAM analysis by Zappala 1995).

The biggest member is 8 Flora, which mesures 140 km in diameter, and takes up about 80% of the total family mass. Nevertheless, the parent body was almost for sure destroyed by the impact/s that made the family, and Flora is probably a gravitational aggregate of most of the pieces. 43 Ariadne makes up much of the remaining mass (about a further 9%, with the remaining family members being fairly small, below 30 km in diameter.

Because of the high background density of asteroids in this part of space, one might expect that a great number of asteroids unrelated to the collision that made the family would be present. However, few have been found. This is because unrelated asteroids are hard to distinguish from family members because the family is of the same spectral type (S) that dominates the closer main belt overall. The few unrelated asteroids that have been found are all small (Florczak "et al." 1998, and also by inspection of the PDS asteroid taxonomy data set for non S-type members.) They include 298 Baptistina, 422 Berolina, 2093 Genichesk, 2259 Sofievka (the biggest, with a 21 km diameter), 2952 Liliputia, 3533 Toyota, 3850 Peltier, 3875 Staehle, 4278 Harvey, 4396 Gressmann, and 4750 Mukai.


Tseax River Cone

The Tseax River Cone (also known as Aiyansh Volcano) is a cinder cone in British Columbia, Canada. The volcano and the area around it are protected as a provincial park called the Nisga'a Memorial Lava Beds Provincial Park. 

In the 18th century it caused the death of about 2000 people.

Mike Dirnt

Mike Dirnt (born Ryan Pritchard on May 4, 1972, in Berkeley, California) is the bass guitar player from the punk rock band Green Day, he also sings back up vocals.

Dirnt was adopted. His adoptive parents divorced when he was 7, and both are now remarried. Dirnt owns a restaurant in California called "Rudy's Can't Fail Cafe". He married his long time girlfriend Anastasia in 1996 and their daughter, Estella-Desiree, "Stella", was born in April 1997. He recently was remarried in 2004, however his wife left him because he spent too much time in the studio recording American Idiot. Dirnt lives in Oakland, California.

Tré Cool

Tré Cool (born Frank Edwin Wright III on December 9, 1972) is an American drummer for the punk band Green Day.

He has red hair and blue eyes. 

He has two children, Ramona, born January 1995 to ex-wife, Lisea Lyons; Frankito ("Little Frank"), born 2001 to Claudia. Tré grew up with his father and 2 siblings. He dated The Donnas drummer Torry Castellano in 2003, they then separated in mid 2005. Tre' Cool is currently single.

Plain White T's

Plain White T's are an alternative rock band from Chicago. Their newest release, "Every Second Counts" (2006), was the first Plain White T's album to reach the mainstream. When the album came out, one song, "Hey There Delilah", an acoustic love song, was played on many radio stations daily. Another famous song of theirs is "Our Time Now".

The singer of the band, Tom Higgenson, first wanted to be a drummer. He was in many bands during his High School. However, when Plain White T's were made, he decided to become a singer and a songwriter. Bassist, Ken Fletcher, and drummer, Dave Tirio, joined the band began performing in Downers Grove, Illinois.

They started out by playing other people's songs, but in the summer of 1999 the band was beginning to become known by record labels like Atlantic Recordings. In 2000 they released their first album, "Come On Over". They toured around Chicago to try and make the album sell more and to get more fans.

At the end of 2001, Plain White T's left Atlantic Recordings and signed to Fearless Records. They began recording for their next album, called "Stop". They chose in Downers Grove, Illinois and Santa Barbara, California. The album took four months to record, being finished in April 2002. The album was shown around Plain White T's home town before being released finally on August 20th 2002, a whole twenty months after it was started.

In October, the band went on their first big tour. The tour in the band ending up stopping being friends, this was solved with new members, with Dave switching from drums to guitar, Steve being replaced by Tim Lopez, Ken being replaced by Mike Retondo and De'Mar Hamilton taking up drums.

The band went into the studio to record their next album, called "All That We Needed",in May 2004. After recording the album, they toured the US. During this tour, they released their first single, "All That We Needed". They then promoted the album internationally, gathering a growing fanbase, before heading back for the 2005 Take Action Tour.

During the "Take Action Tour '05", Plain White T's recorded their first music video with a single which they hoped would be more famous than "All That We Needed" .

In 2006 they signed to another new label, Hollywood Records, and then began recording a new album. Shortly before the release of the album, the single "Hate (I Really Don't Like You)" was released, it was the first single by them to achieve noticeable success.

Plain White T's started touring in Winter and Autumn of 2006. By this time they were starting to get noticed in the music industry at last. Although they were beginning to get noticed in the minor US rock industry, internationally Plain White Ts were not doing so well, by this point, they had not even sold 100,000 copies of any album anywhere outside of the US. Hollywood Records thought that re-releasing "Hey There Delilah" would make the band famous.

"Hey There Delilah" is an acoustic song, first released as a single in May 2006 as chasing cars, and was the last track in the band's first album, All That We Needed. One year later, in 2007, the song became the band's first mainstream hit. On 11 July 2007, the song reached number one for sales in the Billboard Hot 100. One month later, the song became a hit single all over the world. "Hey There Delilah" reached number two in the UK Singles Chart and Ireland Singles Chart, number four in the Australian chart and number six in the United World Chart. Its popularity made it to #1 in other countries like Germany and Canada.


Suharto

Suharto (February 20, 1921 - January 27, 2008) was an Indonesian military and political leader. He served as the country's president for over three decades, from 1967 to 1998. While in power, Suharto's regime was characterized by authoritarianism, human rights abuses, and widespread corruption. His rule was marked by suppression of political dissent, censorship of the media, and the violent suppression of opposition groups. Suharto's government was accused of widespread corruption, with his family and cronies amassing vast wealth at the expense of the Indonesian people. His presidency ended in 1998 amid mass protests and economic instability, leading to his resignation.

In the early morning of October 1, 1965, a group of soldiers claiming to be supported by the Indonesian Communist Party killed six generals in the army and one assistant because they thought he was a seventh. Many friends and supporters of Soeharto claimed they were members of the communist party itself. The people of Indonesia then started killing anybody they thought was communist with Soeharto's tacit approvement. Estimates range around half a million. Suharto then seized power from his predecessor, the first president of Indonesia Sukarno. For this, he used some force, but also took some political maneuvers. At the time, there was instability and unrest inside and outside of Indonesia. This helped him come to power. He took three decades to change the regime to work along militarist lines, with a strong central government. His movement was known as ""Orde Baru"". As he took an anti-communist position which he could defend, several Western governments supported him both in economic and political matters. This was during an era that is known as Cold War. His rule, however, led to political purges and the deaths of about half a million of suspected Indonesian communists; many of them Chinese-Indonesians. He also made some laws against communist parties and ethnic Chinese.

His New Order administration's authoritarian and increasingly corrupt practices led to much discontent in the 1990s. Soeharto's almost unquestioned authority over Indonesian affairs slipped dramatically when the Asian financial crisis lowered Indonesians' standard of living. People inside the military and other institutions no longer supported him. There were some problems inside the country during the early 1990s. Soeharto became more and more isolated, in a political way. After mass demonstrations in 1998, Soeharto was forced to resign. Soeharto had been the face of Indonesia for over 30 years. After retiring, he lived in seclusion. There were people who wanted to try him for genocide. This failed however, because he had a very bad health. His legacy remains hotly debated and contested both in Indonesia and abroad.

Like many Javanese, Soeharto has only one name. In contexts where his religion is being discussed he is sometimes called Haji or el-Haj Mohammed Suharto, but this Islamic title is not part of his formal name or generally used. The spelling "Suharto" has been official in Indonesia since 1947 but the older spelling Soeharto is still frequently used.

Soeharto was admitted to hospital on January 4; on 23 January, Soeharto's health worsened further, as a sepsis infection spread through his body. His family consented to the removal of life support machines if his condition did not improve and he died on 27 January at 1:09 pm. He died at Pertamina Hospital in Jakarta, Indonesia of congestive heart failure. He was taken off life support. He was buried at a family mausoleum near Solo town.

The balance of power was shifted in favour of anti-Communists in December 1965, when personnel from both the Army Para-commando Regiment and 5th Brawijaya Military Region units arrived in Bali after having carried out killings in Java. Led by Suharto's principal troubleshooter, Sarwo Edhie Wibowo who with Javanese military commanders permitted Balinese squads (led by Anwar Congo, Adi Zulkadry, Safit Pardede) to kill until reined in. In contrast to Central Java where the Army encouraged people to kill the "Gestapu", Bali's eagerness to kill was so tremendous and spontaneous that, having provided logistic support initially, the Army eventually had to step in to prevent chaos. Sukarno's choice of Bali's provincial governor, Suteja, was recalled from office and accused of preparing a communist uprising, and his relatives were tracked down and killed. A series of killings similar to those in Central and East Java were led by black-shirted PNI youth. For several months, militia death squads went through villages capturing suspects and taking them away. Hundreds of houses belonging to communists and their relatives were burnt down within one week of the reprisal crusade, with occupants being butchered as they ran from their homes. An early estimate suggested that 50,000 people, including women and children, were killed in this operation alone. The population of several Balinese villages were halved in the last months of 1965. All the Chinese shops in the towns of Singaraja and Denpasar were destroyed and many of their owners who were alleged to have financially supported the "Gestapu" killed. Between December 1965 and early 1966, an estimated 80,000 Balinese were killed, roughly 5% of the island's population at the time, and proportionally more than anywhere else in Indonesia. Most of the people killed had little to do with Communist Party or other allegations thrown at them.

Soekarno continued to command loyalty from large sections of the armed forces as well as the general population, and Soeharto was careful not to be seen to be seizing power in his own coup. For eighteen months following the quashing of the 30 September Movement, there was a complicated process of political manoeuvres against Soekarno, including student agitation, stacking of parliament, media propaganda and military threats.

In January 1966, university students under the banner of KAMI, begin demonstrations against the Soekarno government voicing demands for the disbandment of PKI and control of hyperinflation. The students received support and protection from the army. Street fights broke out between the students and pro-Sukarno loyalists with the pro-Soeharto students prevailing due to army protection.

In February 1966, Soekarno promoted Suharto to lieutenant-general (and to full general in July 1966). The killing of a student demonstrator and Soekarno's order for the disbandment of KAMI in February 1966 further galvanised public opinion against the president. On 11 March 1966, the appearance of unidentified troops around Merdeka Palace during a cabinet meeting (which Soeharto had not attended) forced Soekarno to flee to Bogor Palace (60 km away) by helicopter. Three pro-Soeharto generals, Major-General Basuki Rahmat, Brigadier-General M Jusuf, and Brigadier-General Amirmachmud went to Bogor to meet Soekarno. There, they persuaded and secured a presidential decree from Soekarno (see "Supersemar") that gave Suharto authority to take any action necessary to maintain security.

Using the "Supersemar" letter, Soeharto ordered the banning of PKI the following day and proceeded to purge pro-Soekarno elements from the parliament, the government and military, accusing them of being communist sympathisers. The army arrested 15 cabinet ministers and forced Soekarno to appoint a new cabinet consisting of Soeharto supporters. The army arrested pro-Soekarno and pro-communist members of the MPRS (parliament), and Soeharto replaced chiefs of the navy, air force, and the police force with his supporters, who then began an extensive purge within each service.

In June 1966, the now-purged parliament passed 24 resolutions including the banning of Marxism–Leninism, ratifying the Supersemar, and stripping Soekarno of his title of President for Life. Against the wishes of Soekarno, the government ended the Konfrontasi with Malaysia and rejoined the United Nations (Soekarno had removed Indonesia from the UN in the previous year). Soeharto did not seek Soekarno's outright removal at this MPRS session due to the remaining support for the president among some elements of the armed forces.

By January 1967, Soeharto felt confident that he had removed all significant support for Soekarno within the armed forces, and the MPRS decided to hold another session to impeach Soekarno. On 22 February 1967, Soekarno announced he would resign from the presidency, and on 12 March, the MPRS session stripped him of his remaining power and named Soeharto acting president. Soekarno was placed under house arrest in Bogor Palace, little more was heard from him, and he died in near seclusion in June 1970.

|-

IG Farben

IG Farben (short for Interessen-Gemeinschaft Farbenindustrie
AG), was a group of German chemical companies formed in 1925. "Farben" is German for "paints", "dyes", or "colors". 

Initially most of these companies produced dyes, but soon began to do more advanced chemistry. The founding of IG Farben was a reaction to Germany's defeat in World War I. IG Farben held a near total monopoly on chemical production. 

IG was the company which produced chemical weapons which were available to the Wehrmacht in WWII. These included nerve gases which were never used against the allied armies for the reason that the Allies were though to have the same capability. However, Zyklon B was used in the Holocaust to murder Jewish prisoners. The SS was an authorized applier of the chemical.

Sukarno

Soekarno (6 June 1901 - 21 June 1970) was the first President of Indonesia. He helped the country win its independence from the Netherlands. He was President from 1945 to 1967, presiding with mixed success over the country's rough switch to independence. Sukarno was forced to resign by one of his generals, Suharto. Soeharto formally became President in March 1967.

The spelling "Sukarno" has been official in Indonesia since 1947. It is still common to see the older spelling Soekarno, mainly because he signed his name with the old spelling. Official Indonesian presidential decrees from 1947 - 1968, however, printed his name using the 1947 spelling.

Indonesians also remember him as Bung" Karno or Pak" Karno. Like many Javanese people, he had only one name; in religious contexts, he was occasionally referred to as 'Achmad Sukarno'.

Cybele asteroid

The Cybele asteroids are a group of asteroids in the asteroid belt with an orbital radius usually between 3.27 AU and 3.7 AU, with an orbital eccentricity less than 0.3, and an inclination less than 25°.

Mettembert

Mettembert is a municipality in the district of Delémont in the canton of Jura in Switzerland.

Montsevelier

Montsevelier was a municipality of the district of Delémont in the canton of Jura in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2013, the former municipalities of Montsevelier, Vermes and Vicques merged into the new municipality of Val Terbi.

Movelier

Movelier is a municipality of the district of Delémont in the canton of Jura in Switzerland.

Pleigne

Pleigne is a municipality of the district of Delémont in the canton of Jura in Switzerland.

Rebeuvelier

Rebeuvelier was a municipality in Delémont in the canton of Jura in Switzerland. On 1 January 2019, the former municipalities of Rebeuvelier and Vellerat became part of the municipality of Courrendlin.

Rossemaison

Rossemaison is a municipality of the district of Delémont of the canton of Jura in Switzerland.

Saulcy

Saulcy is a municipality of the district of Delémont in the canton of Jura in Switzerland.

Soulce

Soulce was a municipality of the district of Delémont in the canton of Jura in Switzerland. On 1 January 2013, the former municipalities of Soulce, Bassecourt, Courfaivre, Glovelier and Undervelier merged into the new municipality of Haute-Sorne.

Soyhières

Soyhières is a municipality of the district of Delémont in the canton of Jura in Switzerland.

Screamo

Screamo is a musical genre which came from both emo and hardcore punk in the mid 1990s. This genre usually consists of minor chord progressions on guitar with both dissonance and reverb, the time signatures used are usually not in 4/4 instead bands and artists use less used time signatures to create a more tense feel, This genre has both a mellow and chaotic feel to it. The vocals are usually high-pitched screams and lyrics are often poetic or political.
An example of some Screamo bands include Saetia, Orchid, Circle Takes the Square, Envy, pageninetynine, and Thursday.


Comcast

Yourgutcast Corporation is the biggest cable television company, the second biggest Internet service provider and the third-biggest telephone company in the United States.

In 2007, Comcast was accused of bandwidth throttling, or the provider slowing the Internet connection they have, by its customers. The FCC has launched an investigation regarding the situation.

On January 28, 2011, Comcast bought 51 percent of NBCUniversal (owner of NBC and Universal Studios) from General Electric, but Comcast owns 51 percent of NBCUniversal while General Electric remains 49 percent of NBCUniversal until 2013. In March 2013, Comcast completed the purchase by acquiring the remaining 49 percent of NBCUniversal from General Electric.

In February 2014, Comcast settled a deal to purchase the second-largest cable television provider, Time Warner Cable for US$45 billion.

On April 28, 2016, Comcast NBCUniversal announced that it would acquire DreamWorks Animation for $3.8 billion. The Comcast NBCUniversal-DreamWorks Animation acquisition was completed on August 22, 2016.
Comcast offers cable TV, High Speed Internet, telephone and home security. Their products are branded as Xfinity.

Comcast has launched their own streaming service called Peacock. It has many movies and TV shows made by NBC and Universal, as well as those made by companies that they own, such as DreamWorks they own Classic Media (CM's subsidiaries are Bullwinkle and Harvey together) and Illumination.


List of victims of Nazism

Millions of people were arrested, tortured or murdered by the Nazis. This is a list of victims of Nazism who were famous for some reason.

This list includes people from public life who, owing to their origins, their political or religious convictions, or their sexual orientation, lost their lives as a result of Nazism. This list includes those whose deaths were part of The Holocaust as well as people who died in other ways at the hands of the Nazis during World War II. People who died in concentration camps are listed alongside those who were murdered by the National Socialists or those who chose suicide for political motives or to avoid being murdered.

This list is sorted by occupation and within by nationality.

"See also: List of composers influenced by the Holocaust"

Aeolian Islands

The Aeolian Islands is an archipelago of seven islands, which are north of Sicilly. The islands are of volcanic origin. About 13.000 people live on the islands, which belong to Italy. The biggest of the islands is "Lipari". For this reason, the islands are also known as Lipari islands. There are two active volcanoes on these islands, called Stromboli and Vulcano. Stromboli is the only volcano that is active all the time. The volcano on Vulcan is called "Grande Fossa". It is dormant or slightly active. It is considered to be one of the most dangerous volcanoes in Europe.
The islands have been inhabited since the Stone Age. They were important for the obsidian that can be found there.

Volcanology

In geology, volcanology (also spelled vulcanology) is the part of geology that studies volcanoes, lava, magma, and other related things. The term "volcanology" comes from the Latin word "vulcan", the Roman god of fire. 

A volcanologist is a person who studies volcanoes and their eruptions. Volcanologists visit volcanoes often, especially active ones. This makes it a dangerous science. They analyze physical and chemical variations related to historical and current activity of the volcanoes. 

Volcanologists look at volcanic eruptions, collect material from the eruptions, such as ash or pumice, rock and lava samples. 


Birmingham Small Arms Company

The Birmingham Small Arms Company (BSA) was a British company that started making guns and bicycles in the 19th century. From 1910 the company started making motorcycles. At one time, It was the most popular maker of motorcycles in the world. Over half a million of the company's most popular model, the Bantam, were sold. The company went out of business in the 1970s. It has started again as a gun making company.

BSA Bantam

The BSA Bantam is a small two-stroke motorcycle that was made by the Birmingham Small Arms company from 1949 to 1972. 

The bike originally came from a German design, the DKW RT 125, from before World War II. There were more than 8 different versions of the bike, from the D1 to the B175, these bikes has engines that range from 125cc to 175cc

Caló language

Caló is a dialect spoken by the Gitanos or Zincarli (also "calés", "dark ones") that came to Spain. Caló uses Romani vocabulary with Spanish grammar,


Industrialisation

Industrialisation (or industrialization) is a process that happens in countries when they start to use machines to do work that was once done by people. Industrialisation changes the things people do. Industrialisation caused towns to grow larger. Many people left farming to take higher paid jobs in factories in towns.

Industrialisation is part of a process where people adopt easier and cheaper ways to make things. Using better technology, it becomes possible to produce more goods in a shorter amount of time. More things can be produced by fewer people. 

After industrialisation people also do more specialised jobs. For example before industrialisation, a cobbler made the whole shoe. He worked on one pair of shoes, finished that, and then did the next pair of shoes. Industrial shoemaking involves many people in making shoes in a factory. An individual worker has a smaller task, however. One person cuts the sole of the shoe. Another person stitches it on. In short there is division of labour. They make even more shoes when they use cutting machines, sewing machines and other special machines. The factory may be owned by a rich person who can afford the machines, or by a company.

Industrialisation started in England with the industrial revolution in the 18th century. It spread first to parts of Europe, and to North America. In the 20th century industrialisation spread to most other countries.


The Falling Man

The Falling Man is the title of an article about a photograph taken by Richard Drew at 9:41:15 a.m., on September 11, 2001. The story was written by Tom Junod and appeared in the September 2003 issue of Esquire magazine. It is about the World Trade Center during the September 11, 2001 attacks in New York City. The man in the photo, Jonathan Briley, is known as "The Falling Man". He himself had worked in the twin towers and was shown on video attempting to climb down the side of the tower using a rope likely made from clothing. He either lost his grip or the rope broke, and he plunged to his death. His fall was captured in the famous photo.

Avon

Avon can mean:




There are also several Avon Townships.



BSA

BSA could stand for:


Blues-rock

Blues Rock is a type of music which mixes blues with rock and roll, and uses mostly electric guitar as a main instrument. It began in the mid 1960s in England and the United States with bands such as Cream and The Rolling Stones, who experimented with music from the older bluesmen like Elmore James, Robert Johnson, Howlin' Wolf and Bo Diddley.


AboutUs.com

AboutUs.com is a wiki Internet domain directory. It lists websites along with information about their content. As a wiki, AboutUs allows Internet users to add entries or modify information. It was created by Ray King in 2006. It started in Portland, Oregon, where the website's headquarters is today. Ray King started AboutUs with only five people working with him, but, now he has more than thirty-five employees. AboutUs is in two different continents now, and they have an office in the city of Lahore, Pakistan.

Nile Delta

The Nile Delta () is the delta formed in Northern Egypt (Lower Egypt) where the Nile River spreads out and drains into the Mediterranean Sea. It is one of the world's largest river deltas—from Alexandria in the west to Port Said in the east, it covers some 240 km of Mediterranean coastline—and is a rich agricultural region. From north to south the delta is approximately 160 km in length. The Delta begins slightly down-river from Cairo. Dams at Aswan farther upstream on the Nile have stopped further addition of the silt that built the delta in past centuries. Because of this, the delta is shrinking.

The Nile is considered to be an "arcuate" delta (arc-shaped), and resembles a triangle or lotus flower when seen from above. 

The Nile Delta has a Mediterranean climate, characterized by little rainfall. Only 100 to 200 mm of rain falls on the delta area during an average year, and most of this falls in the winter months. The delta experiences its hottest temperatures in July and August, averaging 30 °C, with a maximum of around 48 °C. Winter temperatures are normally in the range of 5° to 10 °C. The Nile Delta region becomes quite humid during the summer months. The Nile Delta is currently eroding.



1. p87 in W. Hayes, 'Most Ancient Egypt', JNES, 23 (1964), 73-114.


Lotus

Lotus may refer to:


in horticulture:

in culture (Asian):

in corporate and computing:

in geography:

in maritime

in other meanings:

Lotus position

The lotus position (Sanskrit: "Padmasanam") is a cross-legged sitting position which is common in meditative practices of Hinduism. It is a part of the Hindu Yoga tradition. The position is said to resemble a lotus plant and to encourage proper breathing and to be helpful for physical stability.


Polypropylene

Polypropylene (PP), or polypropene, is a type of plastic. It is a thermoplastic polymer which can be made into a fibre for yarn and fabric, film for packaging, or many other shapes. 

As a plastic it can be made translucent but usually is opaque and often brightly colored. It is tough, and resists many solvents, acids and bases.

It can be formed into a thin thread and woven into a strong strap, often used on backpacks, bags, and other things.

In 2008, the global market for polypropylene had a volume of 45.1 million metric tons, which led to a turnover of about $65 billion (~ €47.4 billion).

Millau Viaduct

The Millau Viaduct is a large bridge in Millau, France in the Département of Aveyron. It was designed by the French structural engineer Michel Virlogeux and British architect Sir Norman Foster. it is the tallest bridge in the world, at tall.

Before the bridge was built, people had to use the national route N9 near the town of Millau. This meant that there was a lot of traffic in July and August. The bridge now crosses the Tarn valley above its lowest point, linking the Causse du Larzac to the Causse Rouge, and is inside the Grands Causses regional natural park.

The bridge forms the last link of the A75 autoroute, (la Méridienne) from Clermont-Ferrand to Béziers. The A75, with the A10 and A71, provides a continuous quick route south from Paris to Clermont-Ferrand, Béziers and Spain. Many tourists going to southern France and Spain use this route because it is direct and has no tolls for the 340 km between Clermont-Ferrand and Béziers, except on the bridge. 

Shemale

Shemale (also she-male) is a slang word. It describes a transwoman or intersex person with a penis, but a female body (e.g. breasts).

Some people think "shemale" is a bad word to describe trans or intersex people because it is often used in pornography and sex work.

Kaiser Wilhelm Gedächtniskirche

The Kaiser Wilhelm Memorial Church (in German: Kaiser-Wilhelm-Gedächtniskirche, but mostly just known as Gedächtniskirche ), known in English as the Kaiser Wilhelm Memorial Church, is a ruined church in Berlin. It belongs to the Protestant Evangelical Church in Germany

It is on the Breitscheidplatz, at the end of the Kurfürstendamm.

The old church was built between 1891 and 1895 according to plans by Franz Schwechten.

Emperor Wilhelm II ordered the building of the church to honour his grandfather Wilhelm I. The neo-romanesque style is a reminder of the many Romanesque churches in the Rhineland like Bonn Minster.
Mosaics inside the church showed the life and work of Emperor Wilhelm I. During World War II, the church was destroyed during a British RAF bombing raid in 1943. The only remainder of the old building is the ruin of the belfry, which is also called ("the hollow tooth").

After the war, from 1951 to 1961, a new church was built right next to the site of the old one. the new church was designed by Egon Eiermann.

The new church has a cross made of nails from the old Coventry Cathedral, destroyed by German Luftwaffe bomb attacks in what was called the Coventry "Blitz". It was consecrated on May 25, 1962, the same day as the new Coventry Cathedral. Both churches were built next to the ruins of the old building, which were kept as reminders of the horrors of war.

As well as the Coventry cross, the "Gedächtniskirche" has a cross of the Russian Orthodox Church and a design known as the Stalingrad Madonna by Lieutenant Kurt Reuber, created in December 1942 in Stalingrad (now Volgograd), as symbols of peace between the three countries that were once at war.

In December 2007, Charles Jeffrey Gray, a former British pilot who carried out World War II bombing raids over Germany, joined a campaign to rescue the Kaiser Wilhelm Memorial Church from decay. After reading about the condition of the Church, Gray contacted Wolfgang Kuhla, the chairman of the church's advisory board, asking for its tower be restored. A fund was launched to help raise the costs of its repair.



Catherine Zeta-Jones

Catherine Zeta-Jones CBE (born 25 September 1969) is an Academy Award-winning Welsh actress, living in the United States. She started acting in theatre from a young age. After this, she had many small roles in British and American films and television shows. She established herself as an actress once she began starring in Hollywood films such as "The Phantom", "The Mask of Zorro", and "Entrapment" in the late 1990s.

She won Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress for acting as Velma Kelly in the 2002 film "Chicago". She is the first and only Welsh actress to win that award. 

In 2010 Zeta-Jones was given a CBE.

Zeta-Jones is married to American actor Michael Douglas, with whom she shares a birthday. They have two children - Dylan (named after Dylan Thomas) and Carys.

Zeta-Jones said in 2011 that she has been diagnosed with bipolar II disorder.


John Bodkin Adams

John Bodkin Adams (21 January 1899 – 4 July 1983) was a British doctor, fraudster and suspected serial killer.

Adams was born in Randalstown in what is now Northern Ireland. His parents were from a very strict Christian sect called the Plymouth Brethren - and they believed that what ever they did in life, they would go to heaven anyway. He had one brother, William, born in 1903. His father died in 1914 and Adams was brought up by his mother. The family moved to Belfast but in 1918 William died from flu. Adams studied medicine at university.

Adams worked for one year in a hospital in Bristol. He then moved to Eastbourne, England where he became a general practitioner. He cared for a lot of old female patients and many of them were very rich. 132 left him money or gifts when they died. Rumours started that Adams was killing them with heroin and morphine and the police decided to investigate. Many of the possible victims had been cremated (burnt), so there were few bodies for the police to analyse.

Adams was arrested and tried for the murder of one patient in 1957, but found not guilty. Another charge was withdrawn - an event the judge later criticised. The trial was reported in newspapers around the world and was described at the time as "one of the greatest murder trials of all time".

Some have claimed that the trial was not held fairly. Police files show that the prosecution gave secret records to the defence to help them defend Adams. Evidence (some notebooks written by the patient's nurses) was lost by the prosecution and then found later by the defence. When it was produced during the trial, the prosecution pretended that it had never seen it. Also, the case that was chosen (Mrs Morrell) was probably one of the least likely to succeed.

One historian claims that the government did not want Adams to be convicted, because he would then have been hanged. If this had happened, many doctors would have refused to treat government (NHS) patients and the government would have become very unpopular.

Adams was later found guilty of 13 other crimes - prescription fraud, lying on cremation forms, obstructing a police search and failing to keep a register of the dangerous drugs he used.

He had his license to be a doctor taken away in 1957 but it was given back in 1961. He was banned for life from prescribing dangerous drugs.

Scotland Yard's files on the case were meant to be secret until 2033, but special permission was given in 2003 to open them.

Even though he was found not guilty, most experts now consider him to have been a serial killer. The judge in his trial later wrote a book in which he said Adams was probably guilty. The police thought that Adams killed 163 of his patients.



Star Trek II: The Wrath of Khan

Star Trek II: The Wrath of Khan is the second "Star Trek" movie. It was made in 1982. It is a sequel to "". It is considered to be the best of the "Star Trek" movies. Most of the original actors are in the movie and it marked the return of Khan Noonien Singh, a supervillain from the first season of the "", portrayed by Ricardo Montalbán. It won 2 Saturn Awards, and another 8 nominations.


Alex Andrew Kelly

Alexander Andrew Kelly (born May 8, 1967) is an American from Darien, Connecticut, who was convicted of rape in 1997. He is an Irish American who is the middle of three children, having both an older and a younger brother.

Alex Kelly was charged with having done two aggravated assaults in Darien, Connecticut, in 1986. Before his trial was due to begin in 1987, Kelly fled the United States and spent the next seven years on the run, mostly in Europe. In 1995, Kelly gave him self up to the authorities in Switzerland and was extradited to the United States in order to stand trial on rape and kidnapping charges. Kelly faced two trials in 1997. After the first was declared a mistrial, the second resulted in his conviction for the first rape and a sentence of 16 years in prison.

In 2005, after having served eight years of his 16-year sentence, Kelly appeared before a Connecticut parole board; his bid for release was rejected. On November 23, 2007, Kelly was released from prison on "good behavior". He is now has to serve 10 years probation, perform 200 hours of community service, pay a $10,000 fine, and register with the Connecticut Sex Offender Registry. While in prison, Kelly claims that he earned a bachelor's degree in economics and third-world development.


Dr. Phil (TV series)

Dr. Phil is an American talk show hosted by Phil McGraw. It debuted on September 16, 2002, after McGraw had success with the "Tuesdays With Dr. Phil" segment on "The Oprah Winfrey Show". On both shows McGraw offers advice in the form of "life strategies" from his experience as a clinical psychologist. Dr Phil order his shows January 4 2001

The show is in syndication throughout the United States and Canada, as well as a number of other countries. Also, the show's syndication contracts specifically state that if "Dr. Phil" is on another station, it cannot air at the same time as "Oprah". Dr Phil anncoued his shows In January 2001 to order the first episode in early 2001 with Lea Michele for his shows to exercise.

In 2007, <nowiki>Dr. Phil</nowiki> was nominated for a Daytime Emmy Award for "Outstanding Talk Show Host".

In January 2023, it was announced that the series would end after 21 seasons.

Phil McGraw

Phillip Calvin McGraw (born September 1, 1950), best known as Dr. Phil, is an American television personality, psychologist and author. He is the host of the psychology-themed television show "Dr. Phil". He became a celebrity after appearances on "The Oprah Winfrey Show".

McGraw was born in Vinita, Oklahoma. He is the son of Jerry Stevens and Joe McGraw. He grew up with two older sisters, Deana and Donna, and younger sister, Brenda. They lived in the oil fields of North Texas. His father was an equipment supplier there. During McGraw's childhood, his family moved so his father could become a psychologist. McGraw attended Shawnee Mission North High School in Mission, Kansas. In 1968, he was awarded a football scholarship to the University of Tulsa. He played middle linebacker. His coach was Glenn Dobbs. Glenn Dobbs is the father of Gary Dobbs. Gary Dobbs went into business with McGraw. On November 23, 1968, McGraw's team lost to the University of Houston 100-6. This is one of the most badly played games in college football history.

After that season, McGraw moved to Midwestern State University in Wichita Falls, Texas. He graduated in 1975 with a Bachelor of Arts degree in psychology. He next got a Master's degree in experimental psychology in 1976. He then got a Ph.D in clinical psychology in 1979 at the University of North Texas. At the University of North Texas, his dissertation was titled "Rheumatoid Arthritis: A Psychological Intervention."

After obtaining his Ph.D., McGraw joined his father, Dr. Joe McGraw, in Wichita Falls, Texas, where the elder McGraw had a private psychology practice.

In 1983, McGraw and his father joined Thelma Box, a successful Texas businesswoman, in presenting "Pathways" seminars, "an experience-based training which allows individuals to achieve and create their own results."

In 1990, McGraw joined lawyer Gary Dobbs in co-founding Courtroom Sciences Inc. (CSI), a trial consulting firm through which McGraw later came into contact with Oprah Winfrey. After some time, CSI became a profitable enterprise. It advising Fortune 500 companies and injured plaintiffs about achieving settlements. McGraw is no longer an officer or director of the company. After starting CSI, McGraw ceased the practice of psychology.
In 1995, Oprah Winfrey hired McGraw's legal consulting firm CSI to prepare her for the Amarillo Texas beef trial. Winfrey was so impressed with McGraw that she thanked him for her victory in that case, which ended in 1998. Soon after, she invited him to appear on her show. His appearance proved so successful that he began appearing weekly as a "Relationship and Life Strategy Expert" on Tuesdays starting in April 1998.

The next year, McGraw published his first best-selling book, "Life Strategies", some of which was taken from the "Pathways" seminar. In the next four years, McGraw published three additional best-selling relationship books, along with workbooks to complement them.

As of September 2002, McGraw formed Peteski Productions and launched his own syndicated daily television show, "Dr. Phil", produced by Winfrey's Harpo Studios. The format is an advice show, where he tackles a different topic on each show, offering advice for his guests' troubles.

In 2003 Dr Phil started selling weight loss products. They were called, "Shape It Up, Woo, Woo!" McGraw said science showed they could help users control their weight. Many people criticized this and the Federal Trade Commission investigated. McGraw stopped selling weight loss products in March 2004 In October 2005, several people who used McGraw's products said they would file a class action lawsuit against him because although the supplements cost $120 per month they did not cause weight loss. McGraw paid $10.5 million in September 2006 to stop the lawsuit.



Dr. Phil

Dr. Phil could mean:


Miss USA

The Miss USA pageant is a beauty contest. It has been held every year since 1952. Winners compete in the Miss Universe pageant.

On November 29, 2021, Elle Smith of Kentucky became Miss USA 2021. 

It used to be owned by billionaire businessman and television personality Donald Trump who is currently the 45th President of the United States since 2017. Since September 2015, the pageant has been owned by and the which are collectively known as WME-IMG.

The Wife of Bath's Prologue and Tale

"The Wife of Bath's Prologue and Tale" is a story from the well known book "The Canterbury Tales". It is about a knight who sets on a quest to find the object that women most desire. The story has been changed into many plays.

The story begins when a man rapes a young lady. He is sentenced to death by the King, but the Queen asks for mercy. She gives the knight a year and a day to find out what women really want. The man hunts the entire year, and gets many different answers, from the different women he asks. 

After a year passed he was on his way to back the castle to tell the queen his answer when he saw many young women. They disappeared and left one old lady. The old lady gives him the answer but in return wants to marry him. The man is forced to marry the old woman after she gives him the correct answer, which was mastery (sovereignty) from their husbands/men. On their honeymoon he hides from her and she gives him the choice of her old ugly self, who would never cheat on him or a pretty woman who might cheat on him. He gives her the power to make the decision on her own, and in return she turns herself into a pretty and faithful young woman he had truly wanted.

Vuze

Vuze (formerly Azureus) is a Java-based BitTorrent used for file sharing. The program's logo is the Blue Poison Dart Frog (Dendrobates azureus). The Azureus name was given to the project by co-creator Tyler Pitchford, who uses the Latin names of poison dart frogs as "nickname" for his development projects.

Azureus was first released in June 2003 at SourceForge.net. It is now one of the most popular BitTorrent clients

Since version 2.5.0.4, Azureus was distributed under the GNU General Public License (GPL).



Stabio

Stabio is a municipality of the district Mendrisio in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.


Tegna

Tegna was a municipality of the district Locarno in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland. On 14 April 2013, the former municipalities of Cavigliano, Tegna and Verscio merged into the new municipality of Terre di Pedemonte.

Tenero-Contra

Tenero-Contra is a municipality of the district Locarno in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.


Torre

Torre may refer to:




Torre, Switzerland

Torre was a municipality of the district Blenio in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.

It came together with 3 other villages to become the new municipality Blenio.

Girolamo Savonarola

Girolamo Savonarola (21 September 1452 – 23 May 1498), was an Italian Dominican priest and leader of Florence from 1494 until his execution in 1498. Savonarola is famous for burning books, and for the destruction of what he considered immoral art. Savonarola was a priest but he preached against the moral corruption of the clergy and the Church of Rome. His main enemy was Pope Alexander VI. He is sometimes seen as a forerunner of Martin Luther and the Protestant Reformation, however he remained a devout Roman Catholic.

In the twentieth century, a movement for the canonization of "Frà Savonarola" began to develop within the Roman Catholic Church, particularly among Dominicans. Many believe that his excommunication and execution were not legal. However, his beatification and canonization is opposed by many Jesuits, who think Savonarola's attacks on the papacy to have been a serious crime.

Savonarola was born in Ferrara, which was the capital of the independent Duchy of Ferrara.

In his youth he studied the Bible, and then went to the University of Ferrara. He wrote two poems which showed his anger at morally corrupt clergymen. The first, about the end of the world, was written when he was only 20. Savonarola wrote the second poem "De Ruina Mundi" ("On the Downfall of the World") in 1475. In this poem he said the Roman Curia was "a false, proud whore".

Savonarola became a Dominican friar in 1475, and entered the convent of San Domenico in Bologna. He studied theology. In 1479 he went to the convent of Santa Maria degli Angeli. In 1482 the Dominicans sent him to Florence, the ‘city of his destiny’. After five years, he went back to Bologna where he became 'master of studies’.

He returned to Florence in 1490 and began to preach about the end of the world. He had visions and prophecies which he said had come to him from God and the saints. Several disasters made his prophecies real. He spoke about the failing power of the ruling Medici family. Savonarola never tried to make war on the Roman Curia. He wanted to put an end to the sins of the popes who cared more about their riches and power than they did about God .

After Charles VIII of France invaded Florence in 1494, the ruling Medici were removed. Savonarola became the new leader of the city, both as a secular leader and priest. He set up a rather modern democratic republic in Florence. Savonarola wanted to make Florence a city devoted to God, a good “Christian and religious Republic.” Homosexuality had been acceptable in Florence, and many were important people. One of Savonarola's first laws was to make sodomy a crime which would be punished by death.

In 1497, he and his followers went to the Piazza della Signoria, and began to burn mirrors, cosmetics, obscene pictures, pagan books, gaming tables, musical instruments, fine dresses, women’s hats, and the works of immoral and ancient poets. They also burnt paintings by some famous artists, such as Sandro Botticelli and Michelangelo. This event is now called the "Bonfire of the Vanities".

Florence soon became tired of Savonarola. The city had become an unhappy place to live. Savonarola's promises that God would change things in the city did not come true, and his predictions of the end of the world did not happen. During his Ascension Day sermon on May 4, 1497, groups of young men rioted in the streets, people began singing and dancing, and the taverns reopened. The riot became a revolution.

On May 13, 1497, Savonarola was excommunicated by Pope Alexander VI. In 1498, Alexander demanded his arrest and execution. On April 8, soldiers attacked the Convent of San Marco and after a bloody battle Savonarola's guards and religious supporters were killed. He surrendered and for a few weeks was tortured to make him say that he was guilty of heresy, corruption, and other crimes against the Church.

On the day of his execution he was taken out to the Piazza della Signoria with Fra Silvestro and Fra Domenico da Pescia, two religious friends of Savonarola. They were stripped of their clerical clothing, and called heretics and schismatics. The three men were put on crosses,and burned alive. Savonarola died in the same place where he had burnt the paintings and books.

Niccolò Machiavelli, author of "The Prince", also saw and wrote about the execution. The Medici soon retook control of Florence.


Crepe myrtle

The common crepe mirtle was introduced in South Carolina by Andre Michaux. 
This multistemmed shrub with crepe-like texture petals, and diverse colors is resistant to frosts.
The genus is dedicated to Magnus von Lagerstroem, who supplied Linnaeus plant he collected.

Torricella-Taverne

Torricella-Taverne is a municipality of the district Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.


Tremona

Tremona was a municipality of the district of Mendrisio in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland. On 5 April 2009, the former municipalities of Arzo, Capolago, Genestrerio, Mendrisio, Rancate and Tremona merged into the municipality of Mendrisio.


Valcolla

Valcolla was a municipality of the district Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.

Valcolla is in the upper part of the Val Colla, the mountain valley in which the Cassarate River rises. It has villages of Colla, Cozzo, Curtina, Insone, Maglio di Colla, Molino, Piandera, Scareglia and Signôra. It borders the following municipalities: Bidogno, Bogno, Capriasca, Cavargna (Italy), Certara, Cimadera, Corticiasca, Ponte Capriasca and Sonvico.

In 1956 the municipality was created from the merger of Colla, Insone, Piandera, Scareglia and Signôra. On 14 April 2013, the former municipalities of Bogno, Cadro, Carona, Certara, Cimadera, Sonvico and Valcolla merged into the city of Lugano.

Vergeletto

Vergeletto was a municipality of the district Locarno in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.

Since 1803, the municipality of Vergeletto also contained the current municipality of Gresso. Both municipalities were moved away from each other in 1882. On 10 April 2016, the former municipalities of Gresso, Isorno, Mosogno and Vergeletto merged to form the municipality of Onsernone.

The coat of arms of the municipality are taken from the Garbani, or Garban family for its French and Northern American branch, starting from the village, who are people who sell things or people of power.

Vernate, Ticino

Vernate is a municipality of the district Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.

Verscio

Verscio was a municipality of the district Locarno in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland. On 14 April 2013, the former municipalities of Cavigliano, Tegna and Verscio merged to form the new municipality of Terre di Pedemonte.

Vezia

Vezia is a municipality of the district Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.


Vico Morcote

Vico Morcote is a municipality of the district Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.


Villa Luganese

Villa Luganese was a municipality of the district Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland. Villa Luganese was formerly a municipality of its own, having been incorporated into Lugano in 2008.

Vira (Gambarogno)

Vira (Gambarogno) was a municipality of the district Locarno in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland. On 25 April 2010, the former municipalities of Caviano, Contone, Gerra Gambarogno, Indemini, Magadino, Piazzogna, San Nazzaro, Sant'Abbondio and Vira Gambarogno merged to form the new municipality of Gambarogno.


Vogorno

Vogorno was a municipality of the district Locarno in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland. The village can be found above Lago di Vogorno. There is an old church with frescos from about 1400 in the village.

On 17 October 2020, the former municipalities of Brione (Verzasca), Corippo, Frasco, Sonogno and Vogorno merged to form the new municipality of Verzasca.

Lago di Vogorno

Lago di Vogorno is a lake near Tenero, in Ticino, Switzerland. The reservoir on the Verzasca river is made by the Verzasca Dam, built 1961-1965. The water surface area is 1.68 km

Alt St. Johann

Alt St. Johann was a municipality in Toggenburg in the canton of St. Gallen in Switzerland. On 1 January 2010, the former municipalities of Alt St. Johann and Wildhaus merged into the new municipality of Wildhaus-Alt St. Johann.


Mika Pohjola

Mika Pohjola (born December 1, 1971, in Helsinki, Finland) is a jazz pianist and composer. He lives in New York City.

Mika Pohjola lived in Vantaa, Finland, outside Helsinki until 1987. He started studying piano and music theory with his father, Heikki Pohjola in 1979. In 1982, he started singing in the Helsinki Cathedral boy choir, Cantores Minores. He then studied classical piano, music theory and counterpoint at the Vantaa Music Institute. After completing his classical studies, Pohjola moved to Stockholm, Sweden to study jazz music. He met Alvaro Is Rojas while studying at the Södra Latin Gymnasium. Is Rojas taught him piano improvisation and jazz ear-training for five years. Pohjola received a Master's Degree in Jazz Education at the Royal Swedish College of Music in 1992. 

Encouraged by Alvaro Is Rojas, Pohjola moved to Boston, Massachusetts to study at Berklee College of Music. His teachers included Herb Pomeroy, Gary Burton, Phil Wilson, Ed Bedner and Hal Crook. Pohjola also met many new music collaborators, such as Johanna Grüssner, Matt Penman, Roberto Dani, Fernando Huergo, Sophie Dunér and Yusuke Yamamoto. Pohjola graduated from Berklee with honors in 1994. That same year he recorded his first album, "Myths and Beliefs" (GM Recordings) produced by Gunther Schuller.

In 1995, Pohjola moved to New York City and became a part of the downtown jazz scene. He briefly studied with pianist Sal Mosca. Pohjola performed at New York clubs such as the Blue Note, Birdland, the Five Spot, Smalls, The Jazz Standard and Visiones. His many bands featured saxophonists Chris Cheek, Mark Turner and Miguel Zenón, guitarist Ben Monder, bassists Matt Penman, Johannes Weidenmüller and Fernando Huergo, drummers Roberto Dani, Marlon Browden, Darren Beckett, Matt Wilson and Mark Ferber. In the 1990s, Pohjola often toured Europe, and performed in his native Finland, Sweden, Denmark, The United Kingdom, Germany and Italy. Pohjola was also invited to play in Ukraine in 1999, 2001 and 2002. In 2002 to 2005 Pohjola spent much time in his own recording studio, documenting ambitious arrangements of Scandinavian traditional and popular music. He released the catalogue of the original Moomin music on "Moomin Voices" (2003 in Swedish; 2005 in Finnish). His main collaborators included vocalists Theo Bleckmann, Rigmor Gustafsson, Lisa Werlinder, Sanni Orasmaa and Eeppi Ursin; and instrumentalists Alan Ferber, David Ambrosio, Christof Knoche, Laura Arpiainen and Ayumi Takeshima. He also recorded Scandinavian Christmas music on "Scandinavian Yuletide Voices" (2005), and a tribute to the Finnish legendary tango composer, Toivo Kärki on the album, "Leivonen lumimyrskyssä (A Lark in a Snowstorm)" (2006).

Pohjola has since 1995 been a jazz piano principal at the Nilsiä Music Camp in Finland. Additionally, he has been a guest lecturer at many conservatories in Scandinavia. In 2006 Pohjola was invited as a lecturer to Berklee College of Music as a major visiting artist.

Pohjola plays chacarera and jazz compositions with Argentinean bassist and composer Fernando Huergo. Pohjola also leads several groups in Finland, such as the popular Moomin Voices (in Finnish Muumilauluja-bändi) which often performs at children's events and festivals.


Zug

Zug is a small town in Switzerland. It is at the northeastern corner of Lake Zug.


BitTorrent

BitTorrent is a peer-to-peer program, first developed in mid-2001 by Bram Cohen and BitTorrent, Inc., to use for uploading and downloading files under the BitTorrent protocol. In the protocol, a "Tracker" hosts information about any active computers which are trying to share data. Trackers are used to find other active computers, but do not store or share file data. Using the .torrent files, BitTorrent users can "Leech" (download) the files. Once a "Leecher" gets 100% of the file(s), they become a "Seeder" and helps "Seed" (upload) the files to other Leechers.

BitTorrent was the first client written for the protocol. Before version 6.0, BitTorrent was written in Python, and was free software. The source code for versions up to and including 3.4.2 were distributed under the MIT license and versions 4.x and 5.x were released under the BitTorrent Open Source License, a modified version of the Jabber Open Source License. Since version 6.0, BitTorrent is a rebranded version of µTorrent. As a result, its source is closed.

The BitTorrent protocol now has many clients, for example :




List of BitTorrent clients

A BitTorrent client is a program that downloads files using the BitTorrent protocol.

The first client, known as BitTorrent, was created by Bram Cohen in the summer of 2001. Programs that use BitTorrent protocol are:


† - this program is no longer being developed

Bali Nine

The Bali Nine is the name of the nine Australian citizens arrested and convicted for drug trafficking on April 17, 2005, in Denpasar, Bali, Indonesia. The group tried to smuggle 8.3 kg of heroin valued at about 4 million AUD from Indonesia to Australia. 

Members of the group are: Andrew Chan, Si Yi Chen, Michael Czugaj, Renae Lawrence, Tach Duc Thanh Nguyen, Matthew Norman, Scott Rush, Martin Stephens and Myuran Sukumaran. All of them are between ages 18 and 28 at the time of their arrests. 

After the trial, two of the Bali Nine received death sentences, and the others got 20 years or life sentences. Renae Lawrence finished serving her 20-year sentence in Kerobokan Prison together with Schapelle Corby. Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran were executed by firing squad on 29 April 2015.

Eunuch

A eunuch is a castrated man. His genitals have been removed. This can be cutting off the testicles. The term "castration" is sometimes used to refer to emasculation where both the testicles and the penis are removed together.
Over the millennia since, eunuchs had a lot of different functions in different cultures such as domestics, treble singers, religious specialists, government officials, military commanders, and guardians of women or harem servants. When eunuchs ran a harem, a monarch could be sure he was the one who fathered his wives' children since eunuchs were always infertile.

In Byzantine art, angels and eunuchs were often shown in a similar light and manner.



Antares Telescope

The ANTARES Experiment is a telescope that is built at the bottom of the Mediterranean Sea. But it is not a normal telescope that uses light to see distant objects. Instead, it uses neutrinos, very small and light particles that can fly through the earth. The name comes from Astronomy with a Neutrino Telescope and Abyss environmental RESearch project. There is also a star called Antares.

It uses 900 light sensors attached to 12 strings that float in the sea to detect neutrinos. The strings are held onto the sea floor by an anchor and straight up by a buoy floating in the sea. Although the neutrinos are invisible, they can create a different particle, a muon, in water. The muon then gives off light by the Cherenkov effect because it travels faster than light in water. 
The sensors are so sensitive that they need only very little light and can even detect single photons. This is necessary because the muons produce only very little light.

The detector is located in the Mediterranean, about 40 kilometres off Toulon in southern France. There the sea is 2500 metres deep. It is built by a group of physicists from 12 European countries. Currently, 10 strings are running. The last two strings will be installed in May 2008.

It is the largest neutrino detector in the Northern hemisphere. Two similar detectors are located in the ice of the South Pole (AMANDA and IceCube).


Cherenkov radiation

Cherenkov radiation, also known as Vavilov–Cherenkov radiation (; Russian: Черенков) is a type of electromagnetic radiation produced by charged particles when they pass through an optically transparent medium at a speed which is greater than the speed of light in that medium. (It doesn't violate special relativity because the refractive index slows down the speed of light in a medium. So, the particle doesn't have to travel at the speed of light in a vacuum.) It is named after Pavel Alekseyevich Čerenkov, who discovered this phenomenon in 1934 under the supervision of Sergey Vavilov. Igor Tamm and Ilya Frank developed a theory on this effect in 1937. Pavel Čerenkov, Igor Tamm and Ilya Frank shared the 1958 Nobel Prize in physics because of their contribution in cherenkov radiation.

According to special relativity, a particle cannot move faster than the speed of light in a vacuum. However, when light travels in a transparent medium (such as water or glass), it moves more slowly than it would in a vacuum. This means that particles can actually move faster than the speed of light in certain mediums. When a particle with an electric charge moves faster than light in a medium which can be polarized, it causes the medium to send out photons (light particles) and thereby loses energy. The photons that are sent out can be measured, as they are simple light.

The formation of Cherenkov radiation is analogous to the bow wave caused by a power boat traveling faster than the speed of water waves or to the shock wave (sonic boom) produced by an airplane traveling faster than the speed of sound in air.

When an aircraft passes through the air, it creates a series of pressure waves in front of the aircraft and behind it. These waves travel at the speed of sound and, as the speed of the object increases, the waves get compressed as they cannot get out of each other's way quickly enough. When the aircraft gets the velocity of sound wave, the pressure waves get merge into a single shock wave. As the velocity keeps increasing, the single shock wave extends mostly to the rear and extends from the craft in a restricted widening cone. We hear this as sonic boom. Similarly, a bow wave forms when something moves through a fluid at a speed greater than the speed of a wave moving across the fluid. The mechanism of Cherenkov radiation is same but it occurs for light waves.

When a charged particle moves inside a polarizable medium, it excites some the ellectrons of that medium. As the excited ellectrons return to their ground state, they emits electromagnetic radiation. According to the Huygens principle, the emitted waves move out spherically at the phase velocity of that medium. If the particle moves faster than the speed of light in that medium, the emitted waves add up and at an angle with respect to the particle direction a radiation is emitted which is known as Cherenkov radiation.

Because nothing can move faster than light in a vacuum, there is no Cherenkov light in a vacuum. However, if we say that light in water moves only with 75% of its speed in vacuum, particles with very high energy are now able to move faster than light (through water) and create Cherenkov light.
The reason Cherenkov light often appears blue is because its effect is proportional to the frequency, in that the higher the frequency, the higher the effect of the radiation. Because higher frequency light equates to shorter wavelengths, and blue light has one of the shortest wavelengths of visible light, Cherenkov light is usually blue.

In the first image, a charged particle (red) moves at a speed of formula_1 where 

Ratio between the speed of the particle and the speed of light is

In this medium, the velocity of light is (n is the refractive index)

Left side of this image is the initial point ("t" = 0) and the right side is the location of the particle after "t" time। 

So, the distance passed by the particle in "t" time is

And the distance passed by the light is

So, the emission angle is (using trigonometry)
We can also derive the emission angle from the second image too.

List of cities and towns in Germany

Complete list of 2,073 cities in Germany (as of September 1, 2005)

Only municipalities with independent administration and that have the "Stadtrecht" (city rights) are included.

Foot-pound (energy)

The foot-pound force (symbol: ft·lb), or simply foot-pound (symbol: ft·lb), is a unit of energy and also a unit of torque. By definition it is one foot times one pound-force.

As a unit of energy, one foot-pound is the energy it takes to push with one pound-force one pound for a distance of one foot. 

1 foot-pound is equivalent to:

As a unit of torque, one foot-pound is the torque created by one pound force acting at a perpendicular distance of one foot from a pivot point. 

1 foot-pound is equivalent to:

Dachau (disambiguation)

Dachau can mean:

Aeschlen bei Oberdiessbach

Aeschlen bei Oberdiessbach (also known as Aeschlen) was a municipality of the district Konolfingen in the canton of Bern in Switzerland. On 1 January 2010, the municipality of Aeschlen bei Oberdiessbach merged into the municipality of Oberdiessbach.

Büren District

The district of Büren is a district of the Swiss canton of Bern. Its capital is Büren an der Aare.
It contains 14 municipalities in an area of 88 km²:

Burgdorf District

The district of Burgdorf in the Swiss canton of Bern has 24 municipalities in an area of 197 km²:

Budai

Budai, pronounced Hotei in Japanese, also known as the Laughing Buddha, was a Buddhist monk in China. Many Chinese Buddhists believe he was a reincarnation of Maitreya, the person who will become the next Buddha after Gautama Buddha.

He has become incorporated into Buddhist, Taoist and Shinto. Images of him can be found in many temples, restaurants, and businesses. Budai has become a god of happiness and plenty in some forms of Taoism and Buddhism. In Japan, Hotei is one of the Seven Lucky Gods ("Shichi Fukujin"). He is almost always shown smiling or laughing, hence his nickname in Chinese, the "Laughing Buddha".

Budai may be based on a monk that lived in the time of Sakyamuni Buddha. This monk's name was "Angida", whose name means "calico bag". According to legend, Angida was an Indian snake catcher who caught poisonous snakes to stop them from biting people. Budai and Angida look similar because they are both depicted as plump, laughing and carrying a bag.

In the Chinese tradition, Budai was a monk who lived in China around 907 to 923 CE. He was a man who was good and loving. Apart from his character, his likeness with the Maitreya Bodhisattva (the future Buddha) come from a Buddhist hymn which he said before his death:

Budai is almost always shown carrying a sack, which never empties, and is filled with many precious things, including rice plants (symbolizing wealth), sweets for children, food, and the sadness of the world. His duty is to protect the weak, the poor and children.

In Chinese Buddhist temples, Budai's statue is put in the front part of the entrance hall. He is shown as a stout, smiling or laughing man in robes with a largely bare belly, which represents happiness, good luck, and plenty.

Some statues show small children at his feet. Another item that is usually seen in Budai statues, is a begging bowl, which shows that he is a Buddhist. All of these images show Budai as a wandering monk who goes around and takes sadness from people. Because he represents richness and happiness, statues are often found in homes and businesses in China and Japan.

The main story that concerns Budai in Chan is a short koan.

In Thailand Budai is sometimes confused with another monk that is respected in Thailand. Phra Sangkadchai or Shanghai, a Thai spelling of Mahakaccayanathera, was a Buddhist monk in the time of the Buddha. The Buddha praised "Phra Sangkadchai" for his excellence in explaining complicated dharma (or dhamma) in an easily understandable way.

1. Phra Sangkadchai has a bit of hair on his head while Budai is bald.2. Phra Sangkadchai wears the robes in Theravadin Buddhist fashion with the robes folded across one shoulder, leaving the other uncovered. Budai wears the robes in Chinese style, covering both arms but leaving the front part of the upper body uncovered.

One belief surrounding the figure of Budai in popular folklore is that if a person rubs his belly, it brings wealth, good luck, and prosperity. This belief however is not part of any Buddhist ritual, but is a part of a Chinese folk belief. He is often admired for his happiness, abundance, wisdom, and contentment.



Juroujin

In Japan, Juroujin (寿老人), also known as Gama, is one of the Seven Lucky Gods, according to Taoist beliefs. He is the God of long life.

He has a staff and a fan. He is shown as an old man with a long beard, and a scroll is tied to the staff, which has the lifespan of all living things written on it. The deer, the crane and the tortoise, symbols of long life, sometimes follow him.

Source code

In computer programming, source code is (generally speaking) a text file version of a computer program or software that contains instructions that the computer follows to do something. Source code is written in a programming language which a human can read and change. A large program may contain many different source code files that all work together. Source code is in many cases compiled before running it. That means translating the code into assembly language or machine language which is much faster and easier for the computer to read, but hard for a human to read. Another very common way is to interpret the code, without needing a compilation step, while that's generally slower.

A computer program may be open source, which means the source code is shared with anyone who wants to look at it and change it. Many programs are however closed source, which means only the executable code is distributed and people are not allowed to look at and change the code. Many open source programs are also compiled to such code, that may or may not be allowed to be inspected, while to change it is most convenient to change the source code that came with it, or possibly can be downloaded.

int main()
 printf("Hello world!\n");

When compiled by a C compiler and executed, this will print "Hello world!" on the computer screen and then finish.

Legendary Pokémon

Legendary Pokémon are very rare Pokémon in the "Pokémon" world. Characters in the series often claim that very few people have seen them. They are hard to catch, and are stronger than most other Pokémon. They have powers that other Pokémon do not have. In the games some roam around, while others stay in one spot until the main character catches it. If the player defeats a legendary Pokémon, they will often not be available again, because there is only one of them, in rare cases they might reappear after certain conditions are met. Because of this, players usually save their game before going to battle the Pokémon. The Master Ball and Ultra Ball are popular choices for catching legendary Pokémon. But legendary Pokémon can also be caught with a normal Poké Ball. It is often advised to catch a legendary Pokémon with a Quick Ball since a Quick Ball has a high capture rate at the beginning of a battle. Legendary Pokémon typically have a 3/255 catch rate with Ultra Balls, and 1/255 catch rate with regular Poké Balls. There are about 1,013 Pokémon.

These Pokémon are in the Kanto region, which appears in "Pokémon Red and Blue", and its related games.

These Pokémon are in the Johto region, which appears in "Pokémon Gold and Silver", and its related games.

These Pokémon are in the Hoenn region, which appears in "Pokémon Ruby and Sapphire", and its related games.

These Pokémon are in the Sinnoh region, which appears in "Pokémon Diamond and Pearl", and its related games.

These Pokémon are in the Unova region, which appears in "Pokémon Black and White" and "Pokémon Black 2 and White 2.

These Pokémon are in the Kalos region, which appears in "Pokémon X and Y".

These Pokémon are in the Alola region, which appears in "Pokémon Sun, Moon, Ultra Sun and Ultra Moon"




Gilles Binchois

Gilles Binchois (probably born in Mons about 1400; died Soignies, 20 September, 1460), was a Franco-Flemish composer. His name is spelt in various ways: “Binchoys”, “Binch” or “Binche” or “Gilles de Bins”. He is one of the earliest composers of the group known as the Burgundian School. His style of composition had a very important influence on music at the Burgundian court. Together with Guillaume Dufay and John Dunstaple he belongs to the greatest of 15th century composers.

He was probably born in Mons in what is now Belgium. His father, a councillor to Duke Guillaume IV of Hainault, had a job in a church in Mons. Nothing is known about Gilles until 1419, when he became organist at the church of Ste. Waudru in Mons. In 1423 went to live in Lille. He may have worked as a soldier.

Sometime near the end of the 1420s he joined the court chapel of Burgundy. He sang with the choir there. He spent many years working at the Burgundian court. He was not allowed much time to be away, so he did not travel much. We know that he went to Mons in 1449 on which occasion he met Guillaume Dufay. When he retired he went to live in Soignes. He had a good pension.

Binchois wrote beautiful melodies which were much simpler than a lot of the music of the Middle Ages. They are easy to sing and remember. Many later composers used melodies by Binchois as a basis for their own masses. Most of his secular songs are rondeaux, which became the most common song form during the century. Binchois did not often write in strophic form. He preferred to write music which did not follow the rhyming rhythm of the verse.

Squirtle

Squirtle is a character in the series, Pokémon, which has a TV show, games, and more. It is one of the three starter pokémon. It is a water-type Pokémon. Squirtle comes with the ability Torrent, which increases the power of Water-type attacks by 50% once the Pokémon has less than one-third of its maximum HP.

Squirtle evolves via level, into Wartortle starting at Level 16, then into Blastoise starting at Level 36. 

John Dunstaple

John Dunstaple or Dunstable (born about 1390; died 24 December 1453) was an English composer who lived in the last part of the medieval era and the early part of the Renaissance. He was one of the most famous composers in the early 15th century. He had a lot of influence on music in England as well as on the continent. He helped to develop the style of the Burgundian School.

The spelling "Dunstaple" is more often used today because in documents from his time this is the spelling that is more common, although some documents spelt his name "Dunstable".

Dunstaple was probably born in Dunstable, Bedfordshire around 1390. We know very little about his life. He was well educated and he worked for the Duke of Bedford who was the fourth son of Henry IV and brother of Henry V. He may have spent some time in France because the duke was Regent of France from 1423 to 1429, and then Governor of Normandy from 1429 to his death in 1435. Dunstaple owned property in Normandy, and also in Cambridgeshire, Essex and London, according to tax records of 1436. He also worked for the Duke of Gloucester.

Many composers at that time were priests, but Dunstaple was not, although he had connections with St Albans Abbey. He was probably married.
During his life he was not just known as a composer but also as an astronomer, astrologer, and mathematician.

He died on Christmas Eve 1453, and was buried in the church of St Stephen Walbrook in London which was later destroyed in the Great Fire of 1666. 

We hardly have any original manuscripts of Dunstaple’s music. England was a very musical country at the time, but almost all that music was destroyed between 1536 and 1540 during the Dissolution of the Monasteries when Henry VIII was ruling. Most of Dunstaple’s works which survive were works which were found on the continent, mostly in north Italy. This shows that he must have been famous throughout Europe. He influenced Dufay and Binchois. The Flemish composer and music theorist Tinctoris wrote in 1476 that he was the most important musician of new music which had started in England.

Dunstaple was one of the first to compose masses using one melody as "cantus firmus." He wrote many carols (religious songs), but we do not know which ones are by him because he did not sign his name to them. He wrote secular music, but it has been lost.


Equals sign

The equal sign "=" is a symbol used to indicate equality. It looks like two parallel horizontal lines. Computers display the equals sign with the Unicode or ASCII character 003D (in hexadecimal).

The symbol used to say when items are not equal is "≠" (slashed equal sign). 

There are several symbols that can be used to say items are "approximately the same," "similar to" or "about equal." Some of these symbols include:


Each of these symbols has more than one possible meaning, and are all used to state that two things are about equal (or equivalent in some way).


Crimean War

The Crimean War (1853–1856), also called the Eastern War (), was fought between the Russian Empire against the French Empire, the United Kingdom, the Kingdom of Sardinia and the Ottoman Empire. Most of the fighting, including the Battle of Balaclava, happened in Crimea, but some of it was what is now western Turkey and around the Baltic Sea. 

The Crimean War is sometimes called the first "modern" war since its weaponry and tactics were used for the first time and affected all later wars. It was also the first war to use a telegraph to give information to a newspaper quickly.

The Ottoman Empire was declining by the mid-1800s. The war started after the Ottoman Empire decided that France, not Russia, had the right to protect Christians in the Holy Land near the area of modern-day Israel. 

Russia sent an army to take part of Ottoman Romania and so the British and the French allies sent an army and a navy to help the Ottomans. When the allies got to their camp in Gallipoli, Russia retreated and so the allies decided instead to take back Crimea, where Russia had its naval base. Russia had taken Crimea from the Ottoman Empire in an earlier war.

The Allies won the war in Crimea but gave it back to Russia in return for Russia giving back other places and promising not to have a navy on the Black Sea. 

The Crimean War was a very important point in the history of warfare since new weapons were used. It was also the first war to be reported by the press via photography and journalists. Another very important factor was that it was the first war with real field hospitals, which were started by Florence Nightingale.

After it lost the war, Russia decided to make changes, including increasing its development of weaponry and ending serfdom in 1861.



Homophobia

Homophobia is the fear or poor treatment of homosexuals. The word was created in the 1960s by a psychologist named George Weinberg. The word "homophobia" is often used together with the word "transphobia" in documents explaining human rights violation of LGBT people by United Nations and Council of Europe.

There are events to stop homophobia, like the "gay pride parades" and "International Day Against Homophobia" on May 17. It was first celebrated on 17 May 2005 in more than 40 countries. Argentina, Brazil, Mexico and Colombia have developed mass media campaigns against homophobia since 2002. In some places, it is illegal to treat people badly because they are homosexual, and it is a hate crime to hurt them for that reason. Laws against such discrimination have been made in several countries. Internationally, the Declaration of Montreal and the Yogyakarta Principles were adopted in 2006.

Successful strategies to prevent homophobic prejudice and bullying in schools have included teaching students about historical figures who were gay, or who suffered discrimination because of their sexuality. A person who is homophobic may be called a homophobe. 

Homophobia is often related to heterosexism, the belief that sex and love between men and women is better than other types of sex and love. Such as sex between two men or sex between two women.

Tickling

Tickling is to lightly touch, scratch, or rub a person or animal to make them laugh. For most people, it causes pleasure and happiness whereas others hate it. Tickle spots are feet, armpits, and sides of stomach.

It is believed by many that tickling yourself is very hard and by some that it is nearly impossible. Research shows that the brain notices and senses our movements and actions. This lets the brain prepare itself when we try to tickle ourselves. The unexpected senses are then cancelled by our brain, so we do not feel the reaction we would have if someone else tickled us when we least expected it.

Unlike others, some people in the world know how to tickle themselves. This is because they know the tickling spots in their body and are able to use other objects to tickle themselves. For example, they can use a piece of tissue and rub it against their stomach to tickle themselves. Tickling may be relaxing, but may also be painful.


English Springer Spaniel

The English Springer Spaniel is a dog breed used as hunting dogs to retrieve animals. It is one of many spaniel breeds. They are clever and cheerful. Their coat can be brown and white, black and white, or have tan spots. They look like their cousins, the Welsh Springer Spaniel and Cocker Spaniel. Common colors include black, brown and white.

Ottawa Hills, Ohio

Ottawa Hills is a village in Ohio, United States. 4,790 people lived there in 2020. The village is a rich suburb of Toledo. They have a police and fire department. The high school is the second best public school in Ohio. Ottawa Hills is 13th out of 1065 places in Ohio by average income.

Congo River

The Congo River (also known as Zaire River) is the largest river in Africa. Its overall length of 4,700 km (2,922 miles) makes it the second longest in Africa (after the Nile). The river and its tributaries flow through the second largest rain forest area in the world, second only to the Amazon Rainforest in South America.

The river also has the second-largest flow in the world, behind the Amazon, and the second-largest watershed of any river, again trailing the Amazon. Its watershed is a little larger than that of the Mississippi River. Because large parts of the river basin sit north and south of the equator, its flow is steady, as there is always at least one river having a rainy season.
The Congo gets its name from the old Kingdom of Kongo which was at the mouth of the river. The Democratic Republic of the Congo and the Republic of the Congo, both countries sitting along the river's banks, are named after it. From 1971 to 1997, the Democratic Republic of the Congo was called Zaire and its government called the river the Zaire River.

The sources of the Congo are in the Highlands and mountains of the East African Rift, as well as Lake Tanganyika and Lake Mweru, which feed the Lualaba River. This then becomes the Congo below Boyoma Falls. The Chambeshi River in Zambia is usually taken as the source of the Congo because of the accepted practice worldwide of using the longest tributary, as with the Nile River.

The Congo flows mostly west from Kisangani just below the falls, then slowly bends southwest, passing by Mbandaka, joining with the Ubangi River, and running into the Pool Malebo (Stanley Pool). Kinshasa (formerly Léopoldville) and Brazzaville are on opposite sides of the river at the Pool, where the river narrows and falls through a few cataracts in deep canyons (collectively known as the Livingstone Falls), running by Matadi and Boma, and into the sea at the small town of Muanda.

The mouth of the Congo was visited by Europeans in 1482, by the Portuguese Diogo Cão, and in 1817, by a British exploration under James Kingston Tuckey that went up the river as far as Isangila. Henry Morton Stanley was the first European to travel along the whole river.

Although the Livingstone Falls stop ships coming in from the sea, almost all of the Congo is navigable in parts, especially between Kinshasa and Kisangani. Railways cross the three major falls that interrupt navigation, and much of the trade of central Africa passes along the river. Goods include copper, palm oil, sugar, coffee, and cotton. The river can also be valuable for hydroelectric power, and Inga Dams below Pool Malebo have been built.

In February of 2005, South Africa's state owned power company, Eskom, said that they had a proposal to increase the amount of electric power that the Inga can make through improvements and the building of a new hydroelectric dam. The project would bring the highest output of the dam to 40 GW, twice that of China's Three Gorges Dam.

In the Mesozoic period before the continental drift opened the South Atlantic Ocean, the Congo was the upper part of a river about 12,000 km (7,500 miles) long that flowed west across the parts of Gondwanaland, now called Africa and South America.

Listed from down a river, to up a river:

The Congo River was the location the novel "Heart of Darkness" by Joseph Conrad.



Breast reduction

Breast reduction is a plastic surgery to make human breasts smaller. The doctor takes out fat, skin, and glands. It is done on women most of the time, but men can also get it. In 2005, more than 113,000 women had breast reductions.

Aside from aesthetic reasons, many women choose to undergo breast reduction surgery to help reduce back strain, skin irritation, or breathing problems caused by large breasts.

Bachelor of Arts

A Bachelor of Arts or BA is a college degree. It takes three years to get it in Australia, Austria, Denmark, Estonia, England, Wales, Northern Ireland, Germany, Iceland, India, Israel, the Netherlands, New Zealand, Norway, Quebec, Pakistan, Singapore, South Africa, and Switzerland. It takes four years in Canada, Republic of Ireland, Scotland, Japan, United States, Republic of Korea, and the Philippines. "Bachelor of Arts" is often written as "BA" or "B.A." The Latin term is "artium baccalaureus" so some colleges use the abbreviation of "AB" or "A.B."

The word "arts" means the "liberal arts". Compared to Bachelor of Science degrees, Bachelor of Arts often require more courses outside the main field of study. A Bachelor of Arts can be awarded in the sciences, social sciences, or humanities.

Izanami

Izanami is a goddess of both creation and death in Japanese mythology. She is said to have died giving birth to one of her children {who Izanagi killed due to the grief of losing his beloved} and was sent to Yomi, the land of the dead. Izanagi, her husband, came down to Yomi to bring her back to earth. While she Izanami was in Yomi, she felt hungry and ate the fruit. After eating the fruit, she turned into one of the undead, a rotting, maggot-infested pile of flesh. When Izanagi arrived, she would not step out from the shadows and told her husband to go back to earth. Izanagi tried to persuade her to come back with him and she agreed if she could take a rest in her bedchambers, forbidding Izanagi to enter. Izanagi, anxious to return to earth, snuck into her chambers and, taking his comb from his hair, lit it on fire, showing him her rotting body. Izanami woke up and seeing him, became enraged. Izanagi fled from the underworld and sealed the way with a giant rock. Izanami then became known as the Shinigami, the goddess of death. Izanami vowed to kill 1,000 people everyday, and Izanagi vowed to create 1500 every day.


Computer architecture

In computer engineering, computer architecture is the conceptual design and fundamental operational structure of a computer system. It is the technical drawings and functional description of all design requirements (especially speeds and interconnections), it is how to design and implement various parts of a computer — focusing largely on the way by which the central processing unit (CPU) operates internally and how it accesses addresses in memory.

It can be defined as the science and art of selecting and interconnecting hardware components to create computers that meet functional, performance and cost goals.
Computer architecture includes at least three main subcategories:


Once both ISA and microarchitecture has been specified, the actual computing system needs to be designed into hardware. This design process is called "implementation". Implementation is usually a hardware engineering design process.

Implementation can be further broken down into three but not fully separate pieces: 

For CPUs, the entire implementation process is often called CPU design; it can also be a family of related CPU designs, such as RISC and CISC.

Some practitioners of computer architecture use more fine subcategories:






Mary Harrison McKee

Mary Scott Harrison McKee (April 3, 1858 – October 28, 1930) was the only daughter of President Benjamin Harrison and his wife Caroline Scott Harrison. After her mother died in 1892, McKee served as her father's First Lady for the remainder of his term. 

Zella-Mehlis

Zella-Mehlis is a town in the Schmalkalden Meinigen district, in Thuringia, Germany. It is in the Thuringian Forest, north of Suhl, and east of Meiningen.

Port Said

Port Said (Arabic بورسعيد,
transliterated )
is an Egyptian city near the Suez Canal, with a population of about 500,000.

Port Said has fishing and industries, like chemicals, processed food, and cigarettes. Port Said is also an important harbour both for exports of Egyptian products like cotton and rice, but also a fuelling station for ships that pass through the Suez Canal. 

Food processing

Food processing means the ways that are used to change raw ingredients into food so that they can be eaten by humans or animals. The food processing industry uses these processes. Food processing often takes clean, harvested or slaughtered and butchered components and uses these to produce attractive and marketable food products. Similar process are used to produce animal feed.

Food processing industries and practices include the following:



60 (number)

60 (spelled sixty) is a number. It comes after fifty-nine and before sixty-one and is an even number.
It is divisible by 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 10, 12, 15, 20, 30, and 60.


72 (number)

Seventy-two is an even number. It comes after seventy-one and before seventy-three.

CN Tower

The CN Tower is a telecommunications tower in Toronto, Ontario, Canada. It is 1815 ft is (553 m) tall and is the tallest free-standing structure (meaning it cannot have wires to keep it standing) in Canada, North America, and the Western Hemisphere. It is not the tallest building as there are no floors for people to work or live in. That title goes to One World Trade Center in New York City, New York, United States, which is a bit shorter at tall. It is not the tallest structure of any kind in the Americas either, as the KVLY-TV mast in North Dakota, also in the United States, is taller at , but that needs wires to keep it upright.

Construction of the concrete tower started on February 6, 1973. In 1975, while it was still being built, it became taller than the Ostankino Tower in Moscow. When it opened to the public on June 26, 1976, it became the tallest free-standing structure on land in the world. It held this record for more than thirty years, until the Burj Khalifa, while it was still being built, became taller on September 12, 2007 . The CN Tower continued to be the world's tallest tower until the Canton Tower became taller in 2010. It is now the ninth tallest building in the world and the fifth tallest free-standing structure behind both of these, the Shanghai Tower, and the Burj Khalifa.

The "CN" in the tower's name came from the "Canadian National" Railway, the railway company that built the tower. In 1995, the railway sold the tower to the Canada Lands Company (CLC). Local residents wanted to keep the name "CN Tower", though, so the abbreviation is now a shortened form of Canada's National Tower instead of the original Canadian National Tower. Neither of these names are commonly used, though; the tower is usually called the CN Tower.

Today, the CN Tower is an important icon of Toronto and has more than two million tourists and visitors every year. It has been one of the Seven Wonders of the Modern World since 1995.

It has a restaurant that spins around every 1 hour & 12 minutes.


Freiburg im Breisgau

Freiburg () is a city in Baden-Württemberg, Germany. Its full name is "Freiburg im Breisgau".

Freiburg is on the western edge of the southern Black Forest ().

Freiburg has many twin cities throughout the world:

Iranian president Mahmoud Ahmadinejad's controversial comments, which included questioning the size of the Holocaust, have sparked questions about Freiburg's partnership with Isfahan. After the comments Freiburg's mayor postponed a trip to Isfahan, but most people involved, especially those in the Alliance '90/The Greens party, were opposed to cancelling the partnership.



Baden-Baden

Baden-Baden () is a spa town with around 50,000 inhabitants in Baden-Württemberg, Germany. It is at the border of the Rhine valley and the Black Forest. The town is well known as a spa town, as a place for rich people and for many cultural offers. In the 19th century the town played an important role as a meeting place for the nobles, rich and other important people. A rich cultural heritage from that time can still be found at Baden-Baden.

The springs of Baden-Baden were known to the Romans, and the foundation of the town is referred to the emperor Hadrian by an inscription of somewhat doubtful authenticity. The name of Aurelia Aquensis was given to it in honour of Aurelius Severus, in whose reign it would seem to have been well known. Fragments of its ancient sculptures are still to be seen, and in 1847 remains of Roman vapour baths, well preserved, were discovered just below the New Castle.

In 1931, the town of Baden-Baden was officially given its double name (a short form for "Baden in Baden", i.e. Baden in the state of Baden). In both World Wars, the town escaped destruction. After World War II, Baden-Baden became the headquarters of the French forces in Germany and the site of a displaced persons camp.

From September 23 to September 28, 1981, the 11th Olympic Congress took place in the "Kurhaus" in Baden-Baden.

The Baden Airpark is west of Baden-Baden.

The Russian writer Dostoevsky wrote "The Gambler" while gambling at the famous Baden-Baden Casino.



Coburg

Coburg (East Franconian: "Coborch", "Coburch") is a town on the Itz River in Bavaria, Germany. Its 2005 population was 42,015. It joined with Bavaria by popular vote in 1920. Before 1918, it was the larger of the two capital cities in the united duchy of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha.

Coburg's Coat of Arms honoring the city's patron Saint Maurice was granted in 1493.
Coburg is about 90 km south of Erfurt and about 100 km north of Nuremberg. Coburg was first mentioned in a document dated 1056, although there was a settlement at the site that before then called Trufalistat. Following several changes of noble owners, it came into the hands of the House of Wettin in 1353 when Friedrich III, the Strong, married Katherina von Henneberg. In 1596, it became the capital of one of the new Duchy of Saxe-Coburg under the leadership of Duke Johann Casimirs (ruled 1596-1633).

Due to the royal connections among the royal houses of Europe, Coburg was the site of many royal Ducal weddings and visits. Britain's Queen Victoria made 6 visits to Coburg during her 64-year reign. In 1896 one ceremony brought together Queen Victoria, her son Edward (future Edward VII), her second son Alfred (Duke of Saxe-Coburg-Gotha), her daughter the German dowager Empress Friedrich (Victoria), and many of her grandchildren, such as Tsar Nicholas and Alexandra of Russia, Kaiser Wilhelm II of Germany, and the future King George V of Great Britain.
In 1920, two years after the abdication of the last duke, the locals voted to join Bavaria. Thus whilst the other Saxon-Thuringian principalities were later incorporated into the German Democratic Republic after World War II, Coburg became part of West Germany As a result, the town spent the Cold War years lying right next to the Iron Curtain, surrounded by East German territory on three sides.

Coburg has the typical features of a former capital of German little states. There are numerous houses from the 16th, 17th and 18th centuries. The most important landmarks include:

Most residents of Coburg are members of the Evangelical Church (Lutheranism). Other Christian communities are Baptists, Seventh-day Adventists, the ICF Movement, Jehovah's Witnesses, Catholics, Old Catholics and the New Apostolic Church, as well as The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. There are also three communities of Muslims. Coburg had a large Jewish community until the 1940s. Jews have lived there since the 14th century. The old synagogue was a former church. Today it is used by Old Catholics. Coburg became Protestant after the Reformation. All Catholics were persecuted. A new Catholic community was founded in the 19th century.

Coburg is divided into 15 districts:


Over two thirds of Coburg's population live in Coburg City.
Amongst the associated royalty, one individual's 20th century association with Coburg proved especially tragic. This was that of the British Royal Charles Edward, Duke of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha who was arrested and tried as a Nazi.

Besides various royalty, other famous individuals associated with Coburg include Hans Berger (graduated), William Frishmuth (born), and Eduard Study (born).

In 1530, Martin Luther stayed in the "Veste Coburg" to follow negotiations at the Imperial Diet in Augsburg. He also preached at St. Moriz church. 

In 1887, Johann Strauss, the "Waltz King", left Vienna when the Roman Catholic Church would not let him divorce his 2nd wife. He moved to Lutheran Saxe-Coburg-Gotha with his future 3rd wife Adele, where he lived the last 13 years of his life in Coburg. He was however buried in Vienna.

In 1922, Adolf Hitler led several hundred stormtroopers in a march through the city, fighting pitched street battles with leftists. During the Nazi era, the Coburg Badge was one of the most prestigious party medals.

Hans Morgenthau, founder of International Relations as a field of study, was born here.

The US National Hot Dog and Sausage Council asserts that Frankfurt am Main is traditionally credited with originating the Frankfurter. According to the Council, this claim is disputed and that the hot dog was created in the late 1600s by Johann Georghehner, a butcher, living in Coburg. Coburg was the first German town to elect a Nazi Mayor.



Görlitz

Görlitz (, Upper Sorbian: "Zhorjelc", , , Upper Lusatian dialect: "Gerlz, Gerltz" or "Gerltsch") is a town in Germany on the river Lusatian Neisse, in the "Bundesland" ("Federal State") of Saxony, opposite the Polish town of Zgorzelec. Zgorzelec was a part of Görlitz until 1945.

Historically Görlitz has belonged at times to the regions of Lusatia and Silesia. Today it is the easternmost city in Germany.

When Nazi Germany lost the war, German troops blew up all bridges crossing the Lusatian Neisse. The redrawing of boundaries in 1945 – in particular the relocation of the German-Polish border to the Oder-Neisse line – divided the town, the right bank becoming part of Poland, and named Zgorzelec in 1948, while the main portion became part of the German state of Saxony. When the East German states were dissolved in 1952, Görlitz became part of the Dresden Bezirk (region), but the states were restored upon German reunification in 1990.

Today Görlitz and Zgorzelec, two towns on opposite banks of the river, have friendly relations. Two bridges have been rebuilt, a bus line connects the German and Polish parts of the town, and there is a common urban management, with annual common sessions of both town councils.

On June 27, 1994, the town was became a Roman Catholic diocese.

Görlitz is the hometown of current German football players Michael Ballack and Jens Jeremies.

In 2006 Görlitz/Zgorzelec was a candidate for European City of Culture 2010. It was hoped that the jury could be convinced by the concept of a Polish-German Cooperation but Essen got the award, with Görlitz achieving the second place. The Campaign was renamed City of Culture to intensify German-Polish relationship and to attract tourists from all over the world.

The dramatic courtroom scene, at the conclusion of John le Carré famous Cold War spy novel ""The Spy Who Came in from the Cold"", takes place in a secret Socialist Unity Party of Germany installation near Görlitz, in the middle 1960s.



Visible spectrum

The visible spectrum (or sometimes called the optical spectrum) is the part of the electromagnetic spectrum that is visible to the human eye. Electromagnetic radiation in this range of wavelengths is called visible light or simply light. 
A typical human eye will react to wavelengths in air from about 380 to 750 nm. 

The familiar colors of the rainbow in the spectrum include all those colors that can be produced by visible light of a single wavelength only, the "pure spectral" or "monochromatic" colors. 

But there are no clear boundaries between one color and the next.

Color displays (e.g., computer monitors or televisions) mix red, green, and blue color to approximate the color spectrum. In the illustration, the narrow red, green and blue bars show the relative mixture of these three colors used to produce the color directly above.

Vision

Vision can refer to:


Aach, Baden-Württemberg

Aach [] is a small town in the German state of Baden-Württemberg. Being situated close to Lake Constance and the Swiss border, it is mostly known for the Aachtopf — Germany's biggest natural spring in terms of production.

Aach has a city council with twelve seats. The last elections in 2004 brought three seats for the CDU, three seats for the SPD and four seats for independent voters' associations. Aach's mayor is Severin Graf (CDU).


Aach, Rhineland-Palatinate

Aach is a municipality in the German state of Rhineland-Palatinate. It is part of Trier-Land, a "Verbandsgemeinde".

Aach has a council with sixteen seats. The last elections in 2004 brought the CDU twelve seats, the other four went to the free voters' association (FWG Aach e. V.) In the same elections Mayor Josef Klein (CDU) was voted into office with nearly 74% of the votes.

Aach is about 6 km north of the center of Trier. It is in the southern Eifel mountains.

Joachimsthal, Brandenburg

Joachimsthal is a town in the district of Barnim, in Brandenburg, Germany. It is northwest of Eberswalde, and northeast of Berlin-Mitte.

Pieter Brueghel the Elder

Pieter Brueghel the Elder (c. 1525 – 9 September 1569) was a Dutch or Flemish Renaissance painter and printmaker. He is known for his landscapes and peasant scenes. He is nicknamed 'Peasant Bruegel' to distinguish him from other members of the Brueghel family. But he is the most famous of them and therefore in most of the cases when someone speaks of "Brueghel" he thinks of him. From 1559 he dropped the 'h' from his name and started signing his paintings as Bruegel.

There are records that he was born in Breda, Netherlands, but it is uncertain whether the Dutch town of Breda or the Belgian town of Bree, called Breda in Latin, is meant. He was the son of a peasant living in the village of Breughel. 

In Bruegel's later years he painted in a simpler style than the Italian art in his time. The most obvious influence on his art is the older Dutch master Hieronymus Bosch.

Bruegel specialized in landscapes populated by peasants. He is often credited as being the first Western painter to paint landscapes for their own sake.

He showed the rituals of village life—including agriculture, hunts, meals, festivals, dances, and games. These show the folk culture of 16th century life. 



Bad Tölz

Bad Tölz is a town in Bavaria, Germany, and capital of the district of Bad Tölz-Wolfratshausen.

In 1937 a SS-Junkerschule (SS Officer Candidate School) was made at Bad Tölz which operated until the end of World War II in 1945. As well, a subcamp of the Dachau concentration camp was in the town. It provided labour for the SS-Junkerschule and the Zentralbauleitung (Central Administration Building). The former SS-Junkerschule was the base of the U.S. Army's 1st Battalion, 10th Special Forces Group until 1991.

Bad Tölz is known for its spas, historic medieval town, and spectacular views of the alps. On the western bank of the Isar River lies the Kurverwaltung, or modern spa, whose iodine-rich waters are known for their soothing and healing powers. Another major attraction is Stadtpfarrkirche, a church made in 1466, which is a good example of German late-Gothic architecture.

Bad Tölz sits on the Isar River, above sea level. It has an area of 



Chris Brown

Christopher Maurice "Chris" Brown (born May 5, 1989) is an American singer, songwriter, record producer, dancer, actor and rapper. He is one of the most successful R&B singers of the generation as said by "Billboard". He has often been called by many contemporaries as the "King of R&B".

"Forever" is one of Brown's most famous songs. He has won three American Music Awards, three MTV Video Music Awards, eleven BET Awards, and one Grammy Award.

He got attention when he was arrested and convicted in 2009 for beating his then-girlfriend, Barbadian singer Rihanna. He was sentenced to five years probation and six months community service. He was also ordered to stay at least 300 feet away from her for five years. Brown has bipolar disorder and post-traumatic stress disorder.

He made his own record label CBE (Chris Brown Entertainment or Culture Beyond Your Evolution) in 2007.

Brown has three children: Royalty Brown (born 2014 with Nia Guzman), Aeko Catori (born 2019 with Annika Harris) and Lovely Symphani (born 2022 with Diamond Brown)

Brown has a four-octave tenor vocal range and the useful of the falsetto.

He lists Michael Jackson, Marvin Gaye, Sam Cooke, Ginuwine, Lil Wayne, 2Pac, Phil Collins, Bobby Brown and R. Kelly as his musical influences.

Brown has released 5 albums and 4 mixtapes:

Bernau bei Berlin

Bernau bei Berlin (English "Bernau near Berlin") is a German city in the Barnim district. The city is located about northeast of Berlin.

In 1842 a railway line was opened. One of the first electrical suburban railway lines in the world has been opened in 1924. This line of the Berlin S-Bahn connected Bernau with station Stettiner Bahnhof (today Berlin Nordbahnhof) in Berlin. The Allgemeiner Deutscher Gewerkschaftsbund (ADGB) ("General German Confederation of Trade Unions") opened its school in 1930. The Waldsiedlung (engl. residential area in the wood) is a district of the city where the political leaders of the GDR lived isolated from the people.



Bad Reichenhall

Bad Reichenhall is a spa town, and capital of the Berchtesgadener Land district in Upper Bavaria, Germany. It is located near Salzburg, and encircled by the Chiemgauer Alps. Mount Staufen () and Mount Zwiesel () are both near Bad Reichenhall. Bad Reichenhall is a traditional center of salt production, obtained by evaporating water saturated with salt from brine ponds. The town was the site of a disaster on 2 January 2006, when the roof of the town's ice rink collapsed under snow, killing 15 and injuring 34 others.

Fifteen people, twelve of them children, died in the collapse of the Bad Reichenhall Ice Rink on 2 January 2006. Thirty-four people were injured in the accident.



Chris Brown (disambiguation)

Chris Brown (born 1989) is an American R&B singer.

Chris Brown or Christopher Brown may refer to:









Demmin

Demmin () is a town in Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania, Germany. It was the capital of the former Demmin Rural District.

German troops destroyed the bridges over the Peene while retreating from Demmin during World War II. This way, the advance of the Soviet Red Army was slowed down when they arrived in Demmin on April 30, 1945. During that night and the following morning, Demmin was handed over to the Red Army largely without fighting, similar to other cities like Greifswald.

Although there were only a few pockets of resistance, nearly 900 people committed mass suicides in fear of the Red Army. Coroner lists show that most drowned in the nearby River Tollense and River Peene, where others poisoned themselves. This was fuelled by atrocities and rapes committed by Red Army soldiers until the city commander had the access to the rivers blocked on May 3.




Red Army

The Red Army was the army of the Bolsheviks that was led by Leon Trotsky during the Russian Civil War. It later became the army of the Soviet Union. The name used mainly before and during World War II. After the war, it was renamed as the Soviet Army, but many people continued to call it the Red Army. Even now, some people still nickname the modern Russian Army as the Red Army. 

Some later communist organizations such as the Red Army Faction used the name, and anti-communists sometimes used the name for any left-wing group that they said was trying to promote communism and was paid for by the Soviets.

Nienburg

Nienburg is a town and capital of the district Nienburg, in Lower Saxony, Germany.

Nienburg is on the river Weser, approx. southeast of Bremen, and northwest of Hanover. Nienburg is the largest town in the Mittelweserregion.


Nienburg, including quarters

The 38 members of the "Stadtrat" are made up of:
(September 10, 2006)

Nienburg has two twin towns:

Querfurt

Querfurt a town in Saalekreis district (Kreis) in the south of Saxony-Anhalt, Germany, in a fertile country on the Querne, west from Merseburg, on a branch line from Oberroblingen.

Saab 35 Draken

The Saab 35 Draken ("kite" or "dragon") is a fighter aircraft made by Saab. It first flew in 1955 and was introduced in 1960. It was made to replace the Saab 29 Tunnan. The Draken used a delta wing, which gave it speed. In fact, it was Sweden's first aircraft to go twice the speed of sound.

The Draken is 50 feet, 4 inches (15.35 meters) long, 30 feet, 10 inches (9.42 meters) wide, and 12 feet, 0 inches (03.89 meters) tall. It weighs 18,188 pounds (8,250 kilograms) empty and can weigh up to 27,050 pounds (12,270 kilograms) with things in it. It is powered by a Volvo Flygmotor RM 6C jet engine. It carries 2 30mm cannon and can carry AIM-9 Sidewinder missiles.



Departments of Haiti

Haiti is divided into 10 departments (French, "départements"). When Haiti was the French colony of "Saint-Domingue", there were three provinces: North, South and West. Under Toussaint L'Ouverture, the provinces were converted into departments.

The departments are further divided into 41 "arrondissements", and 133 "communes".


Turquoise

Turquoise is an opaque (cannot be seen through), blueish-green mineral. It is not common and can be valuable in finer grades. It has been prized as a gem and ornamental stone for thousands of years because of its interesting coloring. 

The word 'turquoise' means Turkish in French.

Yotsuya Kaidan

Yotsuya Kaidan, also known as "Tōkaidō yotsuya kaidan", is one of the most famous Japanese ghost stories of all time. It was written as a play in 1825 by Tsuruya Nanboku. 

The tale takes place in the Tōkaidō region.

The story is a tale of murder, betrayal and ghostly revenge. It continues to be an influence on Japanese horror today.

Albrecht Dürer

Albrecht Dürer (21 May 1471 – 6 April 1528) was a Hungarian-German painter, engraver and mathematician.

He was born on 21 May 1471 and died on 6 April 1528 in Nuremberg, Germany and is best known as a maker of old master prints. His prints were often in a series, so that there is a group of different prints about a subject. The most famous series are the "Apocalypse" (1498) and his two series on the passion of Christ, the "Great Passion" (1498–1510) and the "Little Passion" (1510–1511).

Dürer's best known individual engravings (that is, ones that are not part of a series) include "" (1513), "" (1514) and "Melencolia I" (1514). His most iconic images are his woodcuts of the "" (1497–1498) from the "Apocalypse" series, the "Rhinoceros", and numerous self-portraits in oils. Dürer possibly did not cut his own woodblocks but may have employed a skilled carver who followed his drawings faithfully. He painted a number of religious works in oils and made many brilliant watercolours and drawings, which through modern reproductions are now perhaps his best known works.

Dürer's prints made him famous across Europe before 30, with many people hailing him as the greatest artist of the Renaissance in Northern Europe.

Dürer was the third child and second son of his parents, who had between fourteen and eighteen children. His father was a successful goldsmith from Ajtós, near Gyula in Hungary.

Dürer's godfather was Anton Koberger, who left goldsmithing to become a printer and publisher in the year Dürer was born. He quickly became the most successful publisher in Germany, and owned twenty-four printing presses and had many offices in Germany and abroad. His most famous publication was the "Nuremberg Chronicle," published in 1493 in German and Latin. It had 1,809 woodcut pictures by the Wolgemut workshop. Dürer may well have worked on some of these, as the work on the project began while he was with Wolgemut.

Dürer had started to learn goldsmithing and drawing from his father. His father wanted him to continue his training as a goldsmith, but he was so good at drawing that he started as an apprentice to Michael Wolgemut at the age of fifteen in 1486. A self-portrait, a drawing in silverpoint, is dated 1484 (Albertina, Vienna). Wolgemut was the leading artist in Nuremberg at the time, and had a large workshop making different types of works of art, in particular woodcuts for books. Nuremberg was a rich city, a centre for publishing and many luxury trades. It had strong links with Italy, especially Venice, a relatively short distance across the Alps.

After completing his term of apprenticeship in 1489, Dürer followed the common German custom of taking a "wanderjahre" — in effect a gap year. Dürer was away nearly four years, travelling through Germany, Switzerland, and probably, the Netherlands. Dürer wanted to meet Martin Schongauer, the best engraver of Northern Europe, but Schongauer died shortly before Dürer's arrival. He stayed at the house of Schongauer's brother, and got some pictures that Schongauer owned.

His first painted self-portrait is now in the Louvre. It was painted in Strasbourg, probably so that Dürer could send it back to his fiancée in Nuremberg. In fact, very soon after he got back to Nuremberg, on 7 July 1494 Dürer was married to Agnes Frey. She was the daughter of a well known brass worker (and amateur harpist) in the city. He was 23, and the marriage was arranged while Dürer was away travelling. his absence. They had no children, and most people think that they did not marry for love, but because it was good to link the two families. Also, a single man could not set up in business for himself in Nuremberg. Dürer painted some portraits of his wife, but experts say that they ""lack warmth"". The experts think that if Dürer loved his wife he would have taken more time over those pictures to make her look more beautiful and friendly.

Within three months Dürer left for Italy. The start of plague in Nuremberg was one reason for his leaving.

In Italy, he went to Venice where artists were working in a more modern style. Dürer wrote that Giovanni Bellini was the oldest and still the best of the artists in Venice.

On his return to Nuremberg in 1495, Dürer opened his own workshop. He started to use what he learned in Italy more and more, so his work was quite different from the other artists in Nuremberg who used only the traditional German style.

Dürer's father died in 1502 and his mother died in 1513.

Dürer probably did not cut any of the woodblocks himself. This was a job for experts. But he had designed and cut woodblocks for woodcut as part of his training in Wolgemut's studio, and he had seen many carved and painted altarpieces made in the studio. This means he knew what could be made into a woodblock print, and how to work with the expert block cutters. Dürer either drew his design directly onto the woodblock itself, or glued a paper drawing to the block. Either way his drawing was destroyed when the block was cut.

His famous series of sixteen great designs for the "Apocalypse" are dated 1498. He made the first seven scenes of the "Great Passion" in the same year, and a little later, a series of eleven on the Holy Family and saints. Around 1503–1505 he produced the first seventeen of a set illustrating the life of the Virgin, which he did not finish for some years. Neither these, nor the "Great Passion," were published as sets until several years later, but prints were sold individually in considerable numbers.

The Venetian artist Jacopo de' Barbari, whom Dürer had met in Venice, visited Nuremberg in 1500, and Dürer said that he learned much about the new developments in perspective, anatomy, and Body proportions from him. de'Barbari did not want to tell Dürer everything he knew, so Dürer began his own studies, and he kept studying for the rest of his life. This is a series of drawings show Dürer's experiments in human proportion, before he made his famous engraving of "Adam and Eve" (1504). This is the only existing engraving signed with his full name.

Dürer made large numbers of other practice drawings, especially for his paintings and engravings, and many survive, most famously the "Praying Hands" (1508 Albertina, Vienna). He also continued to make images in watercolour and bodycolour (usually combined), including a number of very beautiful still lives of meadow sections or animals, including his "Hare" (1502, Albertina, Vienna).

In early 1506, he returned to Venice and stayed there until the spring of 1507. By this time Dürer's engravings were very popular and were being copied. In Venice he was given a valuable commission from the emigrant German community for the church of San Bartolomeo. This was the altar-piece known as the "Adoration of the Virgin" or the "Feast of Rose Garlands". It includes portraits of members of Venice's German community, but shows a strong Italian influence. Later, the Emperor Rudolf II took it to Prague. Other paintings Dürer made in Venice include, "The Virgin and Child with the Goldfinch", "Christ disputing with the Doctors" (supposedly produced in just five days), and a number of smaller works.

Dürer was admired by the Venetians, but he was back in Nuremberg by mid-1507. He stayed in Germany until 1520. His reputation had spread throughout Europe. He was on friendly terms with most of the major artists of Europe, and exchanged drawings with Raphael.

The years between and his journey to the Netherlands are divided according to the type of work he made. During the first five years, 1507–1511, after his return from Venice Dürer mostly painted. He made his four best paintings, "Adam and Eve" (1507), "Virgin with the Iris" (1508), the altarpiece the "Assumption of the Virgin" (1509), and the "Adoration of the Trinity by all the Saints" (1511). During this period he also completed the two woodcut series, the "Great Passion" and the "Life of the Virgin".

He complained that painting did not make enough money, so from 1511 to 1514 he concentrated on printmaking. The famous works he made in this period were the thirty-seven woodcuts for the "Little Passion", published first in 1511, and a set of fifteen small engravings on the same theme in 1512. In 1513 and 1514 he created his three most famous engravings, "The Knight, Death, and the Devil" (or simply, "The Knight", as he called it, 1513), "Melencolia I", and "St. Jerome in his Study" (both 1514).

'Melencolia I' has a magic square which is believed to be the first seen in European art. The two numbers in the middle of the bottom row give the date of the engraving, 1514.

In 1515, he created his woodcut of the "Rhinoceros". The rhinoceros was in Lisbon, but Durer never saw it. He made it from a sketch and description from another artist. It was not very lifelike, but still being used in some German school science text-books early last century. The rhinoceros was from an extinct Indian species.

Up to 1520 he produced a wide range of works, including portraits in tempera on linen, experiments in etching on plates of iron, and parts of the "Triumphal Arch" and the "Triumphs of Maximilian" which were huge woodcut projects ordered by Maximilian I, Holy Roman Emperor.

In the summer of 1520 Dürer made his fourth and last major journey.

He wanted to renew the Imperial pension Maximilian had given him. Maximilian had died in 1519, so the city of Nuremberg stopped paying it. Dürer also needed new patrons following the death of Maximilian, and to avoid an outbreak of sickness in Nuremberg.

He took his wife and her maid and left Nuremberg for the Netherlands in July 1520, to be at the coronation of the new emperor, Charles V. He travelled by the Rhine to Cologne, and then to Antwerp, where he made many drawings in silverpoint, chalk, and charcoal.

Dürer went to Aachen for the coronation, but also made trips to Cologne, Nijmegen, 's-Hertogenbosch, Brussels, Bruges, Ghent, and Zeeland. In Brussels he saw "the things which have been sent to the king from the golden land" — the Aztec treasure that Hernán Cortés had sent home to Holy Roman Emperor Charles V following the fall of Mexico. Dürer wrote that this treasure trove "was much more beautiful to me than miracles. These things are so precious that they have been valued at 100,000 florins". Dürer appears to have been collecting for his own cabinet of curiosities, and he sent back to Nuremberg various animal horns, a piece of coral, some large fish fins, and a wooden weapon from the East Indies.

Dürer took many prints with him. He wrote in his diary to whom he gave, exchanged, or sold them, and for how much. This is some of the few times the price of prints was recorded, so historians think it very important to show the values of prints compared to paintings at that time. Dürer returned home in July 1521. He had an unknown illness which stayed with him for the rest of his life, and slowed his rate of work.
Back in Nuremberg, Dürer started work on a series of religious pictures. There are many practice sketches and "studies" (practice paintings for a bigger painting) but no big paintings from this time. This was partly because of his illness, but more because of the time he spent preparing to write books about geometry and perspective, the proportions of men and horses, and fortification.

His writings show that Dürer was highly sympathetic to Martin Luther, and he may have been influential in the City Council declaring for Luther in 1525. However, he died before religious divisions had hardened into different "Catholic" and "Protestant"churches. Dürer probably thought of himself as a reform-minded Catholic.

Dürer died in Nuremberg at the age of 56. He left money and goods worth 6,874 florins - a considerable sum. His workshop was a part of his large house. His widow lived there until her death in 1537. The house is now a museum.




El Greco

El Greco ("The Greek", 1 October 1541 – 7 April 1614) was a painter, sculptor, and architect of the Spanish Renaissance. He usually signed his paintings in Greek letters with his full name, Doménicos Theotokópoulos ().

El Greco was born in Crete, which was the center of Post-Byzantine art at that time. He trained and became a master of that kind of art before travelling at 26 to Venice, as other Greek artists had done. In 1570, he moved to Rome and opened a workshop and made a series of works. While he was in Italy, El Greco added elements of Mannerism and of the Venetian Renaissance to his style. In 1577, at the age of 36, he moved to Toledo, Spain, where he lived and worked until his death in 1614. In Toledo, El Greco painted his best-known paintings.

El Greco's dramatic and expressionist style puzzled other painters at the time, but came to be appreciated in the 20th century. El Greco is considered to have influenced both the Expressionist and Cubist styles. His personality and works inspired poets and writers like Rainer Maria Rilke and Nikos Kazantzakis. Many modern scholars think that El Greco belongs to no conventional school. He is best known for long figures and often fantastic or dramatic coloring, combining Byzantine traditions with Western painting traditions. His paintings generally have very bright parts contrasting with very dark parts.

Lord Byron

George Gordon Byron, 6th Baron Byron (22 January 1788 – 19 April 1824) was an English peer, nobleman, politician, and poet. He was christened George Gordon Byron, but changed his name later in life. He adopted the surname Noel, so that he could inherit half his mother-in-law's estate.

Lord Byron was the son Captain John Byron and Catherine Gordon.

He was a leading figure in Romanticism. He was regarded as one of the greatest European poets and many people still read his works. Among his best-known works are the narrative poems "Childe Harold's Pilgrimage" and "Don Juan".

Lord Byron is also famous for the way he lived his life. He was a dandy, living extravagantly, with many love affairs and debts. His fight against the Turks in the Greek War of Independence led to his death from a fever in Messolonghi in Greece. He is buried in the family vault in St. Mary Magdalene Church, Hucknall Torkard, Nottinghamshire, England. A memorial was not raised to him in Poet's Corner in Westminster Abbey until 1969.

His daughter, Ada Lovelace, was famous because she collaborated with Charles Babbage on the "analytical engine," a predecessor to modern computers.





Byron (disambiguation)

Byron can mean:





Greek War of Independence

The Greek War of Independence (1821–1829), also commonly known as the Greek Revolution, was a successful war by the Greeks who won independence for Greece from the Ottoman Empire. Muhammad Ali Pasha sent his son Ismail with an army and a fleet to help fight the Greeks and the Greek Christian revolutionaries asked for help from European Christians. A fleet of the United Kingdom, France and Russia destroyed the Ottoman-Egypt fleet in the Battle of Navarino. After a long and bloody struggle, independence was finally achieved, and confirmed by the Treaty of Constantinople in July 1832. The Greeks were thus the first of the Ottoman Empire's subject peoples to be accepted as an independent sovereign power. 



Ronald Sinclair

Ronald Sinclair (January 21, 1924 - November 22, 1992), born Richard Arthur Hould and sometimes called Ra Hould or Ron Sinclair, was a child actor from New Zealand, who became a movie editor.

Sinclair was a child actor turned movie editor who was still considered a star in his home country of New Zealand, long after his Hollywood career ended. He appeared in movies like "The Light That Failed", "Tower of London", "That Hamilton Woman" and "Desperate Journey". He also appeared in a series of children's adventure movies featuring the "Five Little Peppers".

From 1955 on, Sinclair worked together with director Roger Corman. Together they edited movies like "Swamp Women", "Day the World Ended", "The Intruder", "The Raven" and "The Trip".

Affoltern im Emmental

Affoltern im Emmental is a municipality of the administrative district Emmental in the canton of Bern in Switzerland. 


Albligen

Albligen () was a municipality of the administrative district Bern-Mittelland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland. On 1 January 2011, the former municipalities of Albligen and Wahlern merged into the new municipality of Schwarzenburg.

Alchenstorf

Alchenstorf is a municipality of the administrative district Emmental in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Allmendingen bei Bern

Allmendingen bei Bern is a municipality of the administrative district Bern-Mittelland in the canton of Berne in Switzerland.

The municipality is between Rubigen and Muri bei Bern, near Berne.


Amsoldingen

Amsoldingen is a municipality of the administrative district Thun in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

John Maynard Keynes

John Maynard Keynes, 1st Baron Keynes, CB (5 June 1883 – 21 April 1946) was a British economist. His ideas, called Keynesian economics, had a big impact on modern economic and political theory. His ideas also had a big impact on many governments' tax and economic policies. He said governments should use tax and banking measures to stop the effects of economic recessions, depressions and booms. He is one of the fathers of modern theoretical macroeconomics.

John Maynard Keynes was born at 7 Melville Road, Cambridge, England. His father was John Neville Keynes, an economics lecturer at Cambridge University. His mother was Florence Ada Brown, a successful author and a social reformer. His younger brother, Geoffrey Keynes (1887–1982) was a surgeon and bibliophile (book lover). His younger sister Margaret (1890–1974) married the Nobel Prize-winning physiologist Archibald Hill.

Keynes first went to King’s College, Cambridge, in 1902. At first he studied mathematics. Later he studied economics under A.C. Pigou and Alfred Marshall. People think Professor Marshall prompted Keynes to change his studies from mathematics and classics to economics. Keynes received his B.A. in 1905 and his M.A. in 1908.

When Keynes was young, he had romantic and sexual relationships with men. One of his great loves was the artist Duncan Grant, whom he met in 1908. Keynes was also involved with the writer Lytton Strachey. Keynes appeared to turn away from homosexual relationships around the time of the first World War. In 1918, he met Lydia Lopokova, a well-known Russian ballerina. Keynes and Lopokova married in 1925.

Keynes was a successful investor and he built up a big fortune. He nearly lost all of his money after the Stock Market Crash of 1929. Later he re-built his fortune.

He enjoyed collecting books: for example, he collected and protected many of Isaac Newton's papers.

Bertrand Russell said Keynes was the most intelligent person he had ever known. Lord Russell said: "Every time I argued with Keynes, I felt that I took my life in my hands, and I seldom emerged without feeling something of a fool".

Keynes accepted a lectureship at Cambridge in economics funded personally by Alfred Marshall. Soon he was appointed to the Royal Commission on Indian Currency and Finance, where he was able to put economic theory into practice.

During World War I he worked for the Adviser to the Chancellor of the Exchequer and to the Treasury on Financial and Economic Questions.

Keynes also attended the Conference on the Versailles Treaty to end World War I. He wrote "The Economic Consequences of the Peace" in 1919, and "A Revision of the Treaty" in 1922. In his books he said that the reparations which Germany was being made to pay would ruin the German economy and would lead to further fighting in Europe. These predictions were shown to be true when the German economy suffered in the hyperinflation of 1923. Reparations were only completed in 2010.

Keynes's "magnum opus" (Latin for ""Great Work"", meaning his most famous book) was the "General Theory of Employment, Interest and Money". The "General Theory" was published in 1936. The ideas in that book were very different from classical economics.

Historians agree that Keynes influenced U.S. president Roosevelt's New Deal, but disagree as to what extent. Spending more than the government earned in taxes (called "deficit spending") was used in the New Deal from 1938. But the idea had been agreed to by President Herbert Hoover. Few senior economists in the U.S. agreed with Keynes in the 1930s. With time, however, his ideas became more widely accepted.

In 1942, Keynes was raised to the House of Lords. He became Baron Keynes of Tilton in the County of Sussex. When he sat in the House of Lords he was a Liberal member.

During World War II, Keynes wrote a book titled "How to Pay for the War". He said the war effort should be paid for by higher taxes. He did not like deficit spending because he wanted to avoid inflation.

Keynes died of a heart attack at his holiday home in Tilton, East Sussex. His heart problems were made worse by the strain of working on post-war international financial problems. He died soon after he arranged a guarantee of an Anglo-American loan to Great Britain. Keynes' father, John Neville Keynes (1852–1949) outlived his son by three years. Keynes's brother Sir Geoffrey Keynes (1887–1982) was a distinguished surgeon, scholar and bibliophile. His nephews include Richard Keynes (born 1919) a physiologist; and Quentin Keynes (1921–2003) an adventurer and bibliophile. Keynes did not have children.


These people influenced Keynes:




American robin

The American robin ("Turdus migratorius") is a migratory songbird. Also known as the North American robin, it belongs in the thrush family, "Turdidae". It was named after the European robin. This is because the European robin has a bright orange-red face and breast. The two species are not closely related. The American robin has seven subspecies. "T. m. confinis" is the most different subspecies.

The American robin lives throughout North America. It is a rare vagrant to western Europe (a vagrant is a bird that is found outside its normal species' range). It has also been a vagrant to Greenland, Jamaica, Hispaniola, Puerto Rico, and Belize. The American robin can be found in many different kinds of habitats. It likes open areas of ground to feed and areas with trees or shrubs to breed and sleep. Because it has a large range, the IUCN Red List says that the American robin will not decline, and is listed as of least concern.

The American robin begins to breed shortly after returning to northern North America after spending the winter in the south. The female will choose where to build the nest. She will make the nest with grass, sticks, paper, feathers, rootlets, and moss. Once the nest is built, she will lay 3 to 5 eggs. After the chicks leave the nest, both parents will continue to take care of them, until they can live on their own.

American robin eggs and juveniles are eaten by squirrels, snakes, blue jays, common grackles, American crows, and common ravens. The adults are eaten by hawks, cats, and larger snakes. Sometimes, the brown-headed cowbird lays its eggs in the Robin's nest. This is called brood parasitism. However, the robin usually rejects the cowbird eggs.

This species was first described in 1766 by Linnaeus. It was described in the twelfth edition of his "Systema naturae". He called it "Turdus migratorius".

The American robin is large songbird. It has a round body. Its legs are long. It has a long tail. It has a long, yellow bill. It is dark gray-brown on its head, back, wings, and tail. It has an orange-red breast. There is a white patch on the underside of the belly, near the tail. This can be seen when it is flying. American robins that live in western North America are very pale (pale means light in color). American robins that live in eastern Canada are very bright. They have a white throat. It has black stripes in it. Females have lighter gray-brown heads than males. They also have lighter orange-red breasts. A young American robin (called a juvenile) is also lighter than the male. It has dark spots on its breast. Both sexes are 20–28 cm (7.9–11 in) long. They have a wingspan of 31–40 cm (12.2–15.7 in). American robins that live in western North America are very pale. American robins that live in eastern Canada are very bright.

The American robin was named after the European robin. This is because the European robin has a bright orange-red face and breast. The two species are not closely related.

The American robin has seven subspecies. They are very hard to tell apart and they do breed with each other.

The American robin can be found all over North America. It is found from Alaska and Canada south to Mexico. Most American robins winter in Florida and the Gulf States to Mexico to the Pacific Coast. They will sometimes winter in southern Canada and the northern United States.

The American robin is a rare vagrant to western Europe. Most of the American robins have been found in Britain. The most recent sighting of an American robin in Britain was in January 2007. It has also been a vagrant to Greenland, Jamaica, Hispaniola, Puerto Rico, and Belize.

American robins are found in many different kinds of habitats. Some of them are gardens, parks, yards, fields, pastures, tundra, woodlands, pine forests, and shrublands. They like open areas of ground to feed. They like areas with trees or shrubs to breed and sleep.

The American robin has a large range. It is estimated that its range is 16 million square kilometers (6 million square miles). It is also estimated that there are about 320 million individual American robins. The IUCN Red List says that the species is not believed to reach the threat of decline. It is therefore considered Least Concern.

American robins used to be killed for their meat. They were killed in the southern states. The meat was thought as a very good food. The American robin is now protected in the United State by the Migratory Bird Act.

The American robin is most active during the day. During the winter, it groups together in large flocks at night. They sleep together in thick vegetation. During the day, these large winter flocks break up into smaller flocks. They feed in these smaller flocks. During the summer, American robins are less social. This is because they are defending their breeding territories.

Juvenile robins spend their first four months of life near their nesting place. They then flock together with other American Robins before they migrate to their wintering places.

The American robin eats invertebrates. In the spring, they like to eat earthworms and snails. Some other invertebrates that American robins eat are beetles, grubs, and caterpillars. It will also eat fruits and berries. Some kinds of berries that they like to eat are chokecherries, hawthorn berries, dogwood berries, sumac fruits, and juniper berries.

The American robin begins to breed shortly after returning to northern North America after spending the winter in the south. It is one of the first North American birds to lay eggs. It has two to three broods (a brood is a group of offspring) each breeding season. The breeding season starts in April and ends in July. It is one of the first birds to sing at dawn. Its song is made up of several small groups of sounds that are repeated.

The female chooses where to make the nest. She will usually make the nest on one or many branches that are hidden in leaves. In the west, the female will make the nest on the ground or in thickets. In Alaska, the female will make the nest on a cliff. The female makes the nest. She starts with the inside. She uses grass and sticks to make a cup-shaped center. Other things that the female will use are paper, feathers, rootlets, and moss. After the center is done, she uses mud on the outside of the nest to make it stronger. She then puts soft grass in the cup. The nest is usually 15.2 to 20.3 cm (6 to 8 in) long. It is 7.6 to 15.2 cm high (3 to 6 in).

The female will lay 3 to 5 eggs in the nest. They are blue or blue-green. They are 2.8 to 3 cm (1.1 to 1.2 in) long. They are 2.1 cm (0.8 in) wide. Only the female incubates the eggs (incubate means that the adult will sit on the eggs and keep them warm and help the babies inside grow). It takes 12 to 14 days for the eggs to hatch.

For the first few days, the chicks have no feathers and their eyes are closed. The young live in the nest for about 13 days. As the chicks grow older, the female will protect them only at night and during bad weather. After the juveniles leave the nest, they will follow their parents around and beg them for food.

Both parents help feed and protect the fledged (fledged means a young bird that has just learned how to fly) juveniles until they can live on their own. The adults will give an alarm call to warn the juveniles that there is a predator near by. The parents will then attack the predator. Some of the predators they will attack are cats and dogs. They will even go after humans if the human gets close to their young. Fledged juveniles are only able to fly short distances. The coloring of the juveniles helps them hide better in bushes or trees. This kind of coloring is called camouflage.

Bird banders have found that only 25% of juvenile American robins live through their first year. The average life of an American Robin lasts about 2 years. The longest known lifespan of a wild American Robin is 14 years.

Eggs and juvenile robins that still live in the nest are eaten by squirrels and snakes. Some birds also eat eggs and juvenile robins. When feeding together in flocks, American robins will watch each other for signs of predators. If a predator is seen, they will make a warning call. Sometimes, the Brown-headed Cowbird lays its eggs in the robin's nest. This is called brood parasitism. The robin usually rejects the cowbird eggs. Because of this, brood parasitism by the cowbird is rare.

The American robin is known to carry a disease called the West Nile Virus. This disease comes from mosquitoes. Crows and jays are the first to die from this disease. The American robin is more responsible for the transmission of the disease to humans. This is because it lives longer with the disease than the crows and jays. This allows it to spread the disease to more mosquitoes which then spread the disease to humans and other animals.

The American robin is the state bird of Connecticut, Michigan, and Wisconsin. It was also shown on a 1986 Canadian $2 note, but it is no longer on the bill.

There is color named after the American robin's eggs. It is called "robin's egg blue".

The robin is considered a symbol of spring. A good example is a poem by Emily Dickinson. It is called "I Dreaded That First Robin So". There are other poems about the first robin of spring. One of them is "The First Robin" by Dr. William H. Drummond. According to the author's wife, it is based on a Quebec false belief. The belief says that whoever sees the first robin of spring will have good luck.

New-age music

New-age music is a type of music which is often related to New Age belief. It is usually soft and instrumental; it means, only few New Age music pieces have a singer. New Age music is good for resting, thinking and meditation.

One of the first people in this genre was Stephen Halpern. He created music to be used for meditation. He could not find a record company for his works, so he published them himself and sold them in New Age stores. His music is very relaxing and has a slow rhythm.

Some of the famous artists who work in this field are Yanni, Kitarō, Jean Ven Robert Hal, Loreena McKennitt, Vangelis, Enya and George Winston.

Write Once Read Many

Write Once Read Many (times) or WORM is a classification of computer storage media. It is used to describe media that can only be written once. After they are written, they can only be read.

There are two different kinds of such media:

Charles-Marie Widor

Charles-Marie Widor (born Lyon, 21 February, 1844; died Paris, 12 March, 1937) was a French organist and composer. He was one of the greatest organists of his time and he had many pupils who learned a lot from him and became famous. Widor is best known for his organ works which he called “symphonies”. The "Toccata" from his "Symphony no 5" is one of the best known of all organ pieces, often played at the end of wedding ceremonies.

Marcel Dupré

Marcel Dupré (born Rouen, Normandy, 3 May 1886; died Meudon, near Paris, 30 May 1971), was a leading French organist, composer, and teacher.

Marcel Dupré was born to a musical family in Rouen (Normandy, France). His father Albert Dupré was organist at the gothic abbey of St Ouen in Rouen. The young Marcel was a child prodigy. He entered the Paris Conservatoire in 1904, where he studied the piano and organ. He studied organ with Alexandre Guilmant and Louis Vierne, and Charles-Marie Widor. His studies with Widor also included composition. In 1914, Dupré won the Grand Prix de Rome for his cantata, "Psyché". Twelve years later, he became professor of organ at the Paris Conservatoire, serving until 1954.

Among his best-known work were more than 2,000 organ recitals in Europe, the United States, Canada and Australia. In 1920 he played in a series of concerts at the Paris Conservatoire in which he played the complete organ works of Johann Sebastian Bach from memory. 

In 1934 he succeeded Widor as organist at St. Sulpice in Paris, serving until his death.

From 1947 to 1954, he was director of the American Conservatory, which was in the Château de Fontainebleau near Paris. In 1954, Dupré succeeded Claude Delvincourt (who had been killed in a car crash) as director of the Paris Conservatoire, serving until 1956. He died at the age of 85.

Dupré's organ recitals often included his own work, as well as those of other composers, especially Bach. In the tradition of Widor and Vierne, his compositions included long works in several movements which he called “symphonies”. When he played in church services he would start by playing composed music which was suitable for the time of year. Then he would improvise, playing complicated fugues, trio sonatas and chorale improvisations. He was so good at improvising that many people thought he had composed the music beforehand.

When playing in concerts he was often given a tune, and then he would immediately make up a large work from that tune. In 1906, when he was still a student, he played for a wedding and two services when the famous Widor was going to be absent. Dupré asked Widor what music he should play. Widor told him to improvise something. Dupré waited for Widor to go out of the church before he started practising, but Widor crept back in and listened to him. He realized that Dupré would manage very well.

Dupré was famous as an organ teacher. He taught two generations of well-known organists including Jehan Alain, Marie-Claire Alain, Pierre Cochereau, Jeanne Demessieux,Jean Guillou, Jean Langlais, and Olivier Messiaen. 

Dupré composed a great deal of organ music. As a young child he got to know Aristide Cavaillé-Coll, the most famous organ builder in France. Cavaillé-Coll had built the organ that Dupré’s father played, so he was used to the sound of modern French organs. Most of Dupré's music for the organ is very difficult to play. It includes the "Three Preludes and Fugues", Op. 7 (1914). Even Widor thought that the Prelude of the third piece was simply impossible to perform. However, Dupré could play it, and many organists after him learned to play it, too. Other notable works of Dupré's include the "Symphonie-Passion", the "Esquisses" and "Évocation", and the "Cortège et Litanie". 

As well as composing lots of music, Dupré prepared study editions of the organ works of Bach, Handel, Mozart, Liszt, Mendelssohn, Schumann, César Franck, and Alexander Glazunov. He also wrote music for people who were learning to play the organ, and books on how to improvise on the organ.

“Marcel Dupré at Saint-Sulpice” – Gerard Brooks: Organist’s Review Aug 1986 p. 161-166

Paul Hindemith

Paul Hindemith (pronounce: powl HIN-deh-mitt; 16 November 1895 in Hanau - 28 December 1963 in Frankfurt am Main) was a German composer, violist, teacher, music theorist and conductor. He was one of the most important and influential German composers during the years between the two World Wars. His style was at first influenced by Schoenberg and Expressionism, but gradually it became more neo-classical, and he turned against Schoenberg's whole approach. He was also famous as a viola player and composed a concerto for viola and orchestra.

Louis Vierne

Louis Vierne (8 October 1870 – 2 June 1937) was a French organist and composer. He wrote a lot of music for the organ, including six large works called symphonies, "24 Fantasy Pieces" (which includes his famous "Carillon de Westminster"), and "24 Pieces In Free Style". Some of these can be played on the harmonium as well as on the organ.
Vierne was born in Poitiers. He was almost completely blind from birth. He faced a lifetime of professional frustration, sickness, blindness, loss of family and friends, and disappointments. This all influenced his music.

He died while giving an organ recital at Notre Dame.


Symphony No. 6 exploits the full 12-tone chromatic scale. Vierne's pupil Maurice Duruflé played the Symphony's first performance at Notre Dame in 1935.


Jehan Alain

Jehan Alain (born Saint-Germain-en-Laye, Paris, 3 February, 1911; died near Saumur, 20 June 1940) was a French organist and composer. He learned to play the organ at home on an organ that his father had built. In his short life he composed many works. His most famous organ pieces are "Trois Danses" (Three Dances) and a brilliant piece called "Litanies".

Alain was killed fighting in World War II.

His youngest sister, Marie-Claire Alain, is an internationally-famous organist and has made several complete recordings of her brother's organ works.

Shame

Shame is an emotion. Shame is rooted in a social or cultural environment. Some people feel shame when some of the rules (that are accepted by the respective society) have been broken. A person can feel ashamed because he or she has thought or done something no one else knows about. Children are often told to be ashamed of something, because they sometimes have trouble telling cause and effect apart. When they grow up, they can better tell the two apart. At that stage, the feeling of guilt becomes stronger.

Keynes (disambiguation)

Keynes could mean:




Moulin Rouge

Moulin Rouge ("Red Windmill") is a traditional cabaret and nightclub which began in 1889. It is on Boulevard de Clichy in the 18th "arrondissement" (district of the city). This is near the French quarter of Montmartre in the red-light district of Paris called Pigalle. The theatre can be recognized by the large red windmill on its roof. 

The Moulin Rouge puts on cabaret shows every day. It is where the famous French dance, the Can-can, was first performed. It is also famous because many artists and writers have often gone there. Henri Toulouse-Lautrec designed many posters for the cabaret. Because of this, the management always set aside a table where he could have a meal and watch the show.

The ingredients for its success are said to be: 

Several movies have been made about the Moulin Rouge. The latest is "Moulin Rouge!" directed by Baz Luhrmann. Jean Renoir made another film about the Moulin Rouge. 



Henri Matisse

Henri Matisse (Le Cateau-Cambrésis, Nord, 31 December 1869 – 3 November 1954) was a French artist known for his use of color and his original ideas.

He is mainly known as a painter, but he was also a draughtsman, printmaker and sculptor. Matisse was one of the main artists who helped to create modern art early in the 20th century.

Although he was initially called a Fauve (wild beast), he painted many traditional themes. He painted from life, and his work includes many portraits and other figurative subjects.
His mastery of the expressive language of form and color, in work spanning over a half-century, won him recognition as a leading figure in modern art.

Matisse died of a heart attack in Nice, Alpes-Maritimes.


AFI's 100 Years of Musicals

Part of the AFI 100 Years... series, AFI's 100 Years of Musicals is a list of the top American musical movies. The list was unveiled by the American Film Institute at the Hollywood Bowl on September 3, 2006. Unlike most of the previous lists, it only includes 25 winners and was not presented in a televised program.



Abu Nuwas

Abū Nuwās al-Ḥasan ibn Hānī al-Ḥakamī (variant: Al-Ḥasan ibn Hānī 'Abd al-Awal al-Ṣabāḥ, Abū 'Alī (), known as Abū Nuwās al-Salamī () or just Abū Nuwās ( "Abū Novās"); 756814) was a classical Arabic poet. He was born in Persia. He is in "The Book of One Thousand and One Nights".

Montmartre

Montmartre is a hill 130 metres high and is also the name of the district which surrounds the hill. It is in north Paris and famous for its nightlife.

Many artists had studios or worked around the community of Montmartre such as Salvador Dalí, Claude Monet, Pablo Picasso and Vincent van Gogh.

Montmartre means 'mountain of the martyr.' The name comes from the martyrdom of Saint Denis, who was decapitated on the hill around 250 AD. Saint Denis was the Bishop of Paris and is the patron saint of France.

The hill's religious symbolism is thought to be even older. It may have been a druidic holy place because it is the highest point in the area. 


Arnaut Danièl

Arnaut Daniel de Riberac (today "Arnaut Danièl") wrote and performed music and poetry in the 12th century. He was Occitan.


Cabaret

Cabaret is a form of entertainment having comedy, song, dance, and theatre. Cabarets are mostly performed in a restaurant or nightclub with a stage for performances and the audience sitting at tables (often dining or drinking) watching the performance. The venue itself can also be called a "cabaret". Sometimes it is called a "Reviue". 

The term is a French word for the taprooms or cafés where this form of entertainment was born, as a more artistic form of café-chantant. It comes from Middle Dutch "cabret", through Old North French "camberette", from Late Latin "camera". It essentially means "small room."

Cabaret also refers to a Mediterranean-style brothel – a bar with tables and women who talk, arouse, and entertain the clients. Traditionally these can also have some form of stage entertainment: often singers & dancers – the bawdiness of which varies with the quality of the place. It is the classier, more sophisticated cabaret that eventually engendered the form of place and art form that is the subject of the remainder of this article.

Disney Studios Australia

Disney Studios Australia is a major movie studio in Sydney, Australia. Since opening in May 1998, the studio has been involved in the production of a number of successful movies, including "The Matrix", "Moulin Rouge!", "Mission Impossible II", "", "" and "Superman Returns".

The studio has been involved in a number of movies including:


Thomas Aquinas

St. Thomas Aquinas, (1225 – 7 March 1274) was a Catholic Dominican priest from Italy, saint and philosopher. He was born in Roccasecca, as the son of Count Andulf of Aquino and Countess Theodora of Teano.

His early education was at the Benedictine monastery at Montecassino. He attended the University of Naples, where he got the nickname "dumb ox" for his slow demeanor, though he was an intelligent and talented student. He studied philosophy, Catholic theology, church history, liturgy, and canon law. 

Thomas de Aquinas is an essential character of Western philosophy and Christianity. We have access to his academic work, teachings, and writings approaching abstract thinking. 

Thomas de Aquinas began his journey with the monastery (religious life) at five years old. Coming from a wealthy and influential family, Thomas de Aquinas was destined by his family to become the Abbot of Montecassino. He didn't want to follow the path his family had paved for him and decided to become a monk with the Dominicans. They were monks who lived by eliminating all material wealth. For his family, being a monk of the Dominicans was a dishonor. His family kidnapped him and kept him prisoner in the their castle for over a year in an attempt to change his mind. This was until he escaped and became a friar with the new Dominican Order against the wishes of his family. 

He was sent to Paris by the Dominicans to study theology and philosophy. He became one of the 33 Doctors of the Church and is known for his work with Natural Law. Aquinas took an optimistic view of human nature, believing that it is human nature to do good and not evil.

He was the author of the cosmological argument. Catholics think Aquinas is the best teacher for one who wants to become a priest. His most famous book being "Summa Theologica." Many schools are named after him including the Pontifical and Royal University of Santo Tomas in Manila, Philippines.

Craig Pearce

Craig Pearce is an Australian actor and screenwriter. He co-wrote the play "Strictly Ballroom" and the screenplay of the movie version with Baz Luhrmann. He also wrote the screenplay for the 1996 movie "Romeo + Juliet" and co-wrote the 2001 movie "Moulin Rouge!", also with Baz Luhrmann.

Donald McAlpine

Donald McAlpine is an Australian cinematographer. He was born in 1934 in New South Wales, Australia. He has been involved in over fifty movies. His more recent work has been seen in Baz Luhrmann's hit musical "Moulin Rouge!" (2001), for which he earned an "Academy Award" nomination, Adam Sandler's "Anger Management" (2003), Universal Pictures' "Peter Pan" (2003) and the Walt Disney/Walden Media-produced "" (2005).

Herbert Howells

Herbert Howells CBE, CH, was an English composer, organist, and teacher. He was born in Lydney, Gloucestershire on 17 October 1892 to Oliver and Elizabeth Howells. He died in London on 23 February 1983. He wrote a lot of church music for the Anglican Church, including several Service settings of the Magnificat and Nunc dimittis. He taught for many years at the Royal College of Music.

One of his best known works is the "Hymnus Paradisi", a large, sacred work for choir. His organ works include 2 sets of 3 "Psalm-Preludes" and a piece called "Master Tallis’s Testament".

Jill Bilcock

Jillian (Jill) Bilcock (born 1948, in Melbourne, Victoria, Australia) is a movie editor. She is a graduate of the Swinbourne College of Technology. Bilcock won the 2002 Eddie Award (best edited comedy or musical movie) for "Moulin Rouge!". She also was nominated for the Academy Award for movie Editing for that movie. Bilcock has been nominated four times for the BAFTA Award for Best Editing . Three of these nominations were for the first three movies directed by Baz Luhrmann ("Moulin Rouge!" - 2002, "Romeo + Juliet" - 1996, and "Strictly Ballroom" - 1992). The fourth BAFTA nomination was for "Elizabeth" (1998).

Jim Broadbent

James Broadbent (born 24 May 1949) is an English actor.

Broadbent was born in Lincolnshire; he lives in London.



John Leguizamo

John Leguizamo (born July 22, 1960) is an Emmy Award-winning and Golden Globe-nominated American comedian, actor and producer.


Nut (fruit)

A nut is a hard-shelled fruit of some plants. They are an important part of the diet. Many dried seeds and fruits are called 'nuts' in English, but only some are nuts to a botanist. 

Nuts are made of the seed and the fruit. Most seeds come from fruits, and the seeds are released from the fruit. But nuts have a stony fruit wall which keeps the seed inside.

In common speaking, many so-called nuts, like pistachios and Brazil nuts, are not nuts in a biological sense. Everyday usage of the term often means any hard-walled, edible kernel.

A nut in botany is a simple dry fruit with one seed (rarely two). The ovary wall is hard (stony or woody) when it matures, and the seed is stuck to the ovary wall.

Types of nuts include the oak, hickory, chestnut, stone-oak, birch, hazelnut, and acorn. The peanut, coconut, almond, macadamia, pistachio, pecan, walnut and cashew are not true nuts, but are used like nuts in cooking.

Nuts have nutrients that are important for growing a new plant. They have protein, fats, vitamins, and minerals. Nuts also give these nutrients to humans and wildlife that eat them. However, some people are allergic to nuts.


Richard Roxburgh

Richard Roxburgh (born January 1, 1962) is an Australian actor. He has starred in many Australian movies and has appeared in supporting roles in a number of Hollywood productions. Roxburgh normally plays the role of villains.



Australian Film Institute

Film Crities Circle of Australia Awards


Speed of sound

The speed of sound is per hour or per second in dry air in room temperature. It travels at 1500 meters per second through water. Sound moves faster through liquids and solids than air, since they have a larger specific modulus, meaning they are stiffer. Sound cannot travel through a vacuum, which is a space without any air or matter. The speed of sound is affected by temperature. It travels slower at low temperatures, for example in the stratosphere.

You can calculate the speed of sound like this:

formula_1

Where:
formula_2 is the ratio of specific heats (1.4 for air)
R is the gas constant (formula_3 for air)
T is temperature (in Kelvins)

The speed of sound is also known as Mach 1. Things that go faster are supersonic, and things that go five times that speed (Mach 5) are hypersonic.


Notrium

Notrium is a freeware video game for the PC. It is at version 1.341. "Notrium" was developed by independent Finnish programmer Ville Mönkkönen. It is the seventh game that Ville has made, but it is only the fifth game to be made in English. Released in 2003, it won second place in the 'Adventure Game of the Year' contest on GameTunnel.

The game takes place on the invented planet Notrium. The game world is split up into squares, each of which has its own climate, land, and goals. The player can move between squares to reach the other areas, though some of the areas can only be reached by using vehicles or teleportation. There are climates such as jungle, desert, and tundra. All area squares can are changed by a day-night cycle, except for levels that are set indoors.

The game's graphics are all randomly generated (put together) at the start of the game, except in special game areas. This random generation changes where items and plants are, though most items and scenery will stay in their environment square. Environment squares do not change when the game is started. For example, a tree in the Jungle zone will be put in a different place each time a new game is begun, but the player character will still start in the same place as always.

The plot of the game is that a team of four, an Alien, a Human, an Android (a robot), and a Psionic creature, have left Earth in a spacecraft, because Earth was going to be destroyed. After the player has chosen the character he/she wants to control, the game begins. The spacecraft is shot at by missiles from the planet Notrium, which is close by. The player's character gets into an escape pod and crashes on the planet's surface. From there, the player must find a way to survive, as well as a way to escape.

Journal entries, which are different for each character, appear every game day for two game weeks. These entries tell about what happened to the characters while they were on the spacecraft. For example, the journal of the Human tells that he was the captain of the ship; while the journal of the Android shows that he was the ship's mechanic. Other happenings can be discovered by going to special places in the game, or finishing a goal.

"Notrium" has more than one ending to the game. Different characters can get different endings. Some endings can only be won by one character, while other endings can be won by other characters as well.

A person plays "Notrium" looking from a top-down view. The player may move in all directions while facing in a different one, similar to the way a first-person shooter is controlled, and similar to the freeware PC shooter game "Crimsonland". 

During the game, the player can find items and objects, such as plants, weapons, and machines. Most important items, like a force field to protect the character, are not found in one piece. The player can build them out of two or three other parts. 

Gameplay is about collecting parts to build, defending from enemies, and then winning one of the game's endings. Depending on the character the player has picked, the game is played in a different way. The fast-moving Alien starts with a very strong attack and gets more attacks over time, but it cannot use any weapons. The Human starts with a very weak attack, but he can make many weapons and armor to get more powerful.

The game also has weather. If "Notrium" is played on a setting harder than 'easy', the character will be changed by the weather. Standing near a fire will make the player more hot, and standing under a tree will make the player less hot. In some areas of the game, there is dangerous weather, like sandstorms, blizzards, or acid rain.

"Notrium" was made to be easy to mod (change), and a guide about how to change is on Ville's website. 
When the player starts a new game after getting a new mod, he or she can choose what mod they want to play. 

Mods can make many changes, such as putting new items or goals into the game, changing or making new environment squares. Mods can even make a new character that the player can choose, such as in the 'Werivar' mod.

Sigfrid Karg-Elert

Sigfrid Karg-Elert (born Oberndorf am Neckar, 21 November 1877; died Leipzig, 9 April 1933) was a German composer. He wrote in a late Romantic style. He is mainly remembered for his music for organ and harmonium, his favourite instrument. He wrote a set of 66 Chorale improvisations for organ, the best known of which is called "Nun danket alle Gott" ("Now thank we all our God").

Louis-Claude Daquin

Louis-Claude Daquin (born in Paris, 4 July 1694; died in Paris, 15 June 1772) was a French composer. He was writing in the last part of the Baroque period and the early part of the Classical music period. He was a virtuoso organist and harpsichordist. He wrote a lot of excellent music for organ and for harpsichord. His most popular piece is called "Le Coucou" ("The Cuckoo").

John Bull (composer)

John Bull (born 1562 or 1563; died March 15, 1628) was an English composer, musician, and organ builder. He was famous for playing the harpsichord and organ. Most of his compositions were written for keyboard instruments. He became a Gentleman, and then organist, at the Chapel Royal. He was also known for getting into trouble for adultery. He went to Europe and may have worked as a spy. He died in Antwerp.

Together with Sweelinck and William Byrd he was one of the great composers of keyboard music in the early 17th century. Many of his works are in the collection called the "Fitzwilliam Virginal Book".

Poliomyelitis

Poliomyelitis, or polio, is a virus that causes a serious disease. It is spread from person to person. 

Most of the time, polio has no symptoms unless the polio virus gets into the blood. It is uncommon for the virus to enter the brain or spinal cord. If this does happen, it can cause muscles to become paralyzed. Some people get better from the paralysis. Others will be disabled. Depending on which muscles have been affected, these people may need a mobility aid or a wheelchair; they may have difficulty using their hands; or they may even have trouble breathing. 

About 15 out of every 10,000 adults who get polio die. (This means an adult has a 0.015% chance of dying from polio.) 

Vaccination with polio vaccines could stop the disease all over the world. Organizations like the World Health Organization have been trying to vaccinate as many people as possible against polio. Vaccinations have eliminated polio from most countries in the world. 

Worldwide, polio has become much less common in the past few decades. In 1988, there were about 350,000 cases of polio in the world. By 2007, the number of cases of polio in the world had decreased by over 99.9%, to just 1,652 cases.
The disease is preventable with the polio vaccine; however, multiple doses are required for it to be effective. The US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention recommends polio vaccination boosters for travellers and those who live in countries where the disease is endemic.

The 32nd President of the United States, Franklin Delano Roosevelt, had polio. So far, he is the only President of the United States to have had this disease.

The way to prevent polio has been known for many years:

1. Vaccine given 6, 12 and 16 weeks old as part of a six-in-one vaccine.

2. Three years and four months old as part of a 4-in-one pre-school booster

3. 14 years old as a part of the 3-in-one teenage booster.

The child has to have ALL of these to be fully protected. 
This complicated list explains why polio is still around. In endemic areas, wild polioviruses can infect virtually the entire human population. Not all, however, develop paralysis or any other sign of the infection.

The vaccine was developed by Jonas Salk in the 1950s.

Dystopia

A dystopia is the opposite of a utopia (a place everyone enjoys living in), and can mean a utopia that has become corrupt. A dystopia is a place that people do not enjoy living in. A dystopia often has many problems, such as poverty, pollution, or a cruel ruler. A frequent theme is a place that is supposed to be a beautiful and perfect utopia, but where something unforeseen ruins it. 

Famous examples of dystopias include George Orwell's book "1984", and Aldous Huxley's book "Brave New World".

Centre (department)

Centre is one of the ten departments (French: "départments", singular "départment") of Haiti. It is in the center of the country, along the border with the Dominican Republic. It is the only department of Haiti that does not border the sea.

The "Départment du Centre" has an area of 3,675 km². It is bordered to the northeast by the Nord-Est Department, to the northwest by the Nord Department, to the west by the Artibonite Department and to the south by the Ouest Department. It borders the Dominican Republic to the east.

The mountain chains here run from west to east and the most important are the "Montagnes Noires" (in English, "Black Mountains"). There is also part of the "Chaine du Trout d'Eau".

Lake Peligre, the second largest lake in Haiti, is in this department; it is an artificial lake created with the construction of the Peligre Dam on the Artibonite river.

The main rivers of the department are Boucan Carré, Fer-à-Cheval, Libon, Macacia, Thomonde and La Tombe, and all are tributaries of the Artibonite.

The department had, in the 2003 census, a population of 581,505 persons: 289,028 men and 292,477 women, with only 94,619 (16.27%) living in cities and towns.

The main city is Hinche, the capital of the department.

The department is divided into four "arrondissements" (like districts) and 12 "communes" (like municipalities). The "arrondissements" and their "communes" are:


Burj Khalifa

Burj Khalifa (, ""Khalifa Tower"") is an extremely tall skyscraper in Dubai, United Arab Emirates named after Khalifa bin Zayed Al Nahyan, and is the tallest building ever built, at . Before the building opened, it was called Burj Dubai. The building is 162 stories high. Construction of the tower was started on 6 January 2004, and the building was officially opened on 4 January 2010, almost 6 years later. It is the tallest structure made by humans in the world. The building is more than taller than Taipei 101. Taipei 101 was the tallest building until 2010 before Burj Khalifa was built.

Adrian Smith designed the tower. He worked with Skidmore, Owings and Merrill (SOM) until 2006. It was built by Samsung Engineering & Construction, Besix, and Arabtec. The tower cost US $1.5 billion to build. The building is part of a building project on Sheikh Zayed Road, Downtown Burj Khalifa. It is near Dubai's main business district.

The main contractor was Samsung C&T of South Korea. They also built the Taipei 101 and Petronas Towers. Other contractors who helped with the building included Belgian group Besix and Arabtec from the UAE. The Turner Construction Company was chosen as the construction project manager.

The design architect, Adrian Smith, did not like the first design of the upper part of the building. He added 27 new floors and an aluminium spire to the top of the plans. The design of Burj Khalifa based on those used in Islamic architecture. Burj Khalifa has been said to have had several other planned height increases since it was first built. This has not been proven to be true yet. The TV/radio communications mast was added to the tower's plans in 2007. This was after building work had begun in 2006. There are pressurized, air-conditioned refuge floors about every 35 floors. These were put into the tower in case of an emergency or fire.

The unusual design and engineering problems of building Burj Khalifa have been shown in many television documentaries. These include the "Big, Bigger, Biggest" series on the National Geographic and Five channels, and the "Mega Builders" series on the Discovery Channel.

The most important building material of Burj Khalifa is reinforced concrete. A special concrete was needed because of the high pressures of the building's weight and the hot local climate of Persian Gulf temperatures that can reach . Any major cracks could have caused a large amount of damage to the building.

The foundation of the building is deep. It was built with 192 columns being put into the ground. Each column was in diameter and long. of steel rebar was used in the construction of the tower. It took 22 million man-hours to build. A high density, low permeability concrete was used in the foundations of Burj Khalifa. A cathodic protection system is used to lessen any bad effects from corrosive chemicals in local ground water.

A fountain system was built outside the tower. It was designed by WET Design of California. They built and planned out the fountains at the Bellagio Hotel Lake in Las Vegas. The fountain cost UAEd 800 million. It is lit by 6,600 lights and 50 coloured projectors. The fountain is long. It shoots water into the air to the sounds of classical and modern Arabic and world music. On 26 October 2008, the fountain was named the Dubai Fountain.

Emaar Properties said on 9 June 2008 that construction of Burj Khalifa was slowed because of changes to finishes. An Emaar official said that the luxury finishes that were decided on in 2004, when the tower was first planned, were being being replaced by better finishes. The design of the apartments were also made better. This was done to make them both look better and work better. There were problems with the marble decorations, flooring, the top floors' sanitation system, broken glasswork and a poorly done wall mural of the Sultan of Oman. A new ending date of 2 December, 2009, was then given. Burj Khalifa opened on 4 January 2010.

Burj Khalifa was built mainly by people from South Asia. Press reports said in 2006 that skilled carpenters at the site earned UK£4.34 a day, and labourers earned UK£2.84. According to a BBC investigation and a Human Rights Watch report, the workers lived in very bad conditions. Often they were not paid for the work. Their passports were taken by their employers. It was said that they were working in dangerous conditions that caused high number of deaths and injuries. Companies not paying workers has been reported to the authorities several times.

On 21 March 2006, about 2,500 workers protested. They were mad about buses that were delayed for the end of their shifts. They damaged cars, offices, computers, and construction equipment. A Dubai Interior Ministry official said they caused almost UK£500,000 in damage. Most of the workers who were part of the riot returned the following day but refused to work.

The building is not only the tallest building in the world, it also holds the following records-




Aswan Low Dam

The Aswan Low Dam or Old Aswan Dam is a dam across the Nile River in Aswan, Egypt. It is built of masonry and held in place just by gravity. It was the first dam across the Nile, and was built by the British between 1899 and 1902. When it was done, it was the largest masonry dam in the world. This type of dam is called a buttress dam.

The dam was built at the former first cataract of the Nile, and is about 1000 km up-river and 690 km (direct distance) south-southeast of Cairo. When initially constructed between 1899 and 1902, nothing of its scale had ever been attempted.

The dam was designed to provide storage of annual floodwater. The water was used to help dry season flow and support more irrigation. Its height was originally limited because of concern for the Temple of Isis at Phillae (Philae Temple). That temple was later moved to Agilkia Island in Lake Nasser.

The dam provided inadequate storage capacity for planned development and was raised twice, between 1907–1912 and again 1929–1933. These heightenings still did not meet irrigation demands and in 1946 it was nearly over-topped by water in an effort to maximize pool elevation.

This eventually led to the construction of the Aswan High Dam upstream.

The second function of the dam is to provide electricity. The dammed water drives a water turbine and generator. It still works today. This technology (hydroelectricity) had been invented in the 19th century in England and Germany, and was by 1900 used in the USA and most European countries.
Egypt got access to the technology because she was, at that time, under British control. The Khedive was Abbas II, who usually had to do what the British wanted.

Billboard (magazine)

Billboard is an international American music and entertainment magazine. It s most famous for the "Billboard" charts, which lists the top albums and singles of the week.

The magazine was started on November 1, 1894 in Cincinnati, Ohio by William H. Donaldson and James Hennegan. It was originally called "Billboard Advertising".



Tom Brosseau

Thomas Anderson "Tom" Brosseau (born November 3, 1976) is an American singer-songwriter and guitarist. 

He was born and grew up in Grand Forks, North Dakota. His song "How to Grow a Woman from the Ground" was covered by Chris Thile, who released a 2006 album of the same name.

Right now, Brosseau is touring the United States playing his new album, "Cavalier".



The Strokes

The Strokes are an American band formed in 1998. They became famous in the early 2000s as a leading group in the garage rock revival. The members of the band are Julian Casablancas, Nick Valensi, Albert Hammond Jr., Nikolai Fraiture and Fabrizio Moretti. The band has released six studio albums, but their first album, "Is This It" is their most famous.

Casablancas, Moretti and Valensi were the first members of the band and started playing together when they were still in high school. In 1998, Hammond joined the band. They spent two years playing live in New York City, but no one really listened to them. They recorded some songs and sent them to record labels, but their offers were not accepted. On October 2000, the band went to Gordon Raphael's studio and recorded songs, but with no extra effects. Rough Trade Records founder Geoff Travis found out the songs and released them as "The Modern Age" EP. The Strokes were also featured in a famous magazine, the "NME". Because of these, the band was noticed by a lot of people, but most of those people were in the UK.

" (2020)


Henry Head Battery

The Henry Head Battery is found on the La Perouse side of the inlet to Botany Bay near the edge of a cliff that drops down into the ocean on Henry Head, La Perouse, New South Wales, Australia. 

This fort and bunker building was built in-between 1892 - 1895 with a large disappearing gun emplacement (a special hole in the ground that the cannon shoots from and then disappears into). The fort was used until 1910, upon which the fort became useless.

The fort that had 2 six inch gun emplacements and special lookout positions was reused during World War II to protect the entrance to Botany Bay. The underground bunker and tunnels inside the fort had vaulted weapons storage rooms with double walls and ceilings. The doubling up of walls and ceilings was a special way of stoppng the walls from collapsing if the fort suffered a direct hit from a missile (rocket) fired from an enemy ship. The battery is currently not in use.

Georges Head Battery

The Georges Head Battery, also called the Georges Head Military Fortifications is a fort on the Georges Head, in the suburb of Mosman in Sydney, New South Wales, Australia. The Georges Head fort is one of many forts that were built on Sydney Harbour meant to defend the colony of New South Wales, just in case another country tried to invade our country Australia. The fort became the boss of all other forts in the 1890s organizing all of Sydney's harbour forts.

The area where the fort is was once home to Aborigines that lived in the area for thousands of years and long before Europeans visited and decided to stay.

Georges Head fort was built in 1871 after the British Army decided to leave Australia in 1870. When they left the responsibility for protecting Sydney and Sydney Harbour was now in the hands of rich colonies like New South Wales and Victoria who now had to organise its own defences.

Georges Head was near the entrance to Sydney Harbour and was meant to defend against enemy ships (foreign ships that are not friendlies) before they could get into the harbour. The fort was on a very good spot and was positioned high above sea level with clear views to the entrance of Port Jackson (Sydney Harbour/Sydney Heads). Other forts were also on Middle Head, South Head, Shark Point and Bradleys Head, but none were ever used for fighting ships or troops from other countries.

Georges Head was armed with four 80 pounder cannons and two 68 pounder cannons. These cannons were 'muzzle-loading', which meant the cannonballs or bullets along with the explosive charge (TNT explosive) were loaded into the front of the cannons barrel. It took three months and 250 soldiers to roll the gun barrels all the way from North Sydney to the forts. They came along a dirt road which later became Military Road. Once they were put in place, the cannons had been placed so close together that it created the risk of one cannon firing upon another. Also, the cannons and the men could be seen from ships in the harbour. In 1877 large mounds of earth were placed between the pits to make sure the guns neither could fire upon each other and to help protect the gun crew from enemy fire. When construction of the fort was finalised, there were a total of 41 gun emplacements around Sydney Harbour.

The planning of defence was planned using telescopes and plotting boards sitting in the middle of the second gun pit. From the telephone exchange, the Port Jackson District Commandant could talk with all the other forts around the harbour. Telephone wires ran through tunnels, down the cliff and under the harbour to forts on the other side.

Georges Head was later chosen as the best place to spy and fire mines which were laid underwater. In 1888 Georges Head battery was upgraded for the latest in harbour defences in the form of submarine bombs. Minefields were laid across the main shipping channels of Port Jackson from 1876 to 1922 and a base was built at Chowder Bay for the submarine miners. From Georges Head, miners watched for ships entering the harbour. Their job was to explode the mine closest to an approaching enemy ship. Each underwater mine was attached to an electric cable that ran up the cliff to the firing post.

The work of the submarine miner was secretive, technical and dangerous. During a demonstration in 1891, a crowd of several thousand watched as a terrible accident killed four miners and injured another eight.


Virgin Records

Virgin Records is a British record label. It was started by Richard Branson, Simon Draper, and Nik Powell in 1972. They sold it to Thorn EMI. In 2006, they came together with Capitol Records to become Capitol Music Group.

In 2013, the British Virgin Records joined Mercury Records to start a new label: Virgin EMI.

Death Cab for Cutie

Death Cab for Cutie (Death Cab or DCFC) is an American indie band. The band was started in 1997 in Bellingham, Washington. The band members are Ben Gibbard (singer, guitar), Dave Depper (singer, guitar), Chris Walla (guitar, production), Nick Harmer (bass) and Jason McGerr (drums).

The band's name was taken from the song "Death Cab for Cutie", written by Neil Innes and Vivian Stanshall and performed by their band the Bonzo Dog Doo-Dah Band in The Beatles' 1967 film "Magical Mystery Tour".


Former



Dave Matthews Band

Dave Matthews Band (DMB) is a band from the United States. In 1991, Dave Matthews started the band in Charlottesville, Virginia. The other band members are Stefan Lessard, Boyd Tinsley, and Carter Beauford. Saxophone player LeRoi Moore was in the band until he died in 2008. Since 1998, they usually performed with Butch Taylor, too. Rashawn Ross also performed with the band from 2006-2007. Dave Matthews Band has written 235 songs (included cover songs). They have sold over 31 million albums in the United States, and are one of the Top 100 Highest Selling Music Acts of all time. The Dave Matthews band has a unique style that stretches across many genres. Thus, they have a fan-base that stretches across many generations and types of people.

In August 2004, about 800 pounds of human waste was dumped from the band's tour bus into the Chicago River and onto passengers aboard a sightseeing boat below. The band donated $50,000 to the Friends of the Chicago River and $50,000 to the Chicago Park District as part of the legal settlement.


Fuzûlî

Fużūlī (فضولی) was the pen name of the poet Muhammad bin Suleyman (محمد بن سليمان) (c. 1483 – 1556). He is one of the greatest contributors to the Dîvân tradition of Azerbaijani literature,

Fuzûlî wrote his collected poems (dîvân) in three different languages: Azerbaijani, Persian, and Arabic. Although his Turkic works are written in Azerbaijani, he knew both the Ottoman and the Chagatai Turkish literary traditions as well. He was also very able in mathematics and astronomy.

Fuzûlî was born around 1483 in what is now Iraq; he was probably born in either Karbalā’ or an-Najaf. Fuzûlî's ancestors had been of nomadic origin, but his family had long since settled in towns.

Fuzûlî was educated by his father—who was a mufti in the city of Al Hillah — and then by a teacher named Rahmetullah. It was during this time that he learned the Persian and Arabic languages in addition to his native Azerbaijani.

One of the few things that is known of Fuzûlî's life during this time is how he arrived at his pen name. In the introduction to his collected Persian poems, he says: "In the early days when I was just beginning to write poetry, every few days I would set my heart on a particular pen name and then after a time change it for another because someone showed up who shared the same name". Eventually, he decided upon the Arabic word "fuzûlî"—which literally means "impertinent, improper, unnecessary"—because he "knew that this title would not be acceptable to anyone else".Despite the name's pejorative meaning, however, it contains a double meaning—what is called "tevriyye" (توريه) in Ottoman Divan poetry — as Fuzûlî himself explains: "I was possessed of all the arts and sciences and found a pen name that also implies this sense since in the dictionary "fuzûl" (ﻓﻀﻮل) is given as a plural of "fazl" (ﻓﻀﻞ; 'learning') and has the same rhythm as "‘ulûm" (ﻋﻠﻮم; 'sciences') and "fünûn" (ﻓﻨﻮن; 'arts')".

In 1534, the Ottoman sultan Süleymân I conquered the region of Baghdad, where Fuzûlî lived, from the Safavid Empire. Fuzûlî now had the chance to become a court poet under the Ottoman patronage system, and he composed a number of poems in praise of the sultan, and as a result, he was granted a stipend. But he did not really get it. Therefore he citicized bureaucracy in one of his best-known works, the letter "Şikâyetnâme" (شکايت نامه; "Complaint"):

The loss of his stipend meant that Fuzûlî never became secure. He died during a plague outbreak in 1556, in Karbalā’, either of the plague itself or of cholera.




Suleiman the Magnificent

Suleiman I, commonly known as Suleiman the Magnificent in Western Europe and Suleiman the Lawgiver () in his Ottoman realm, was the tenth Sultan of the Ottoman Empire. He became sultan when he was 26 years old. He reigned for 46 years, from 1520 to 1566, which was longer than any other Ottoman sultan. He is known in the West as Suleiman the Magnificent and in the Muslim world, as the Lawgiver (in Turkish Kanuni; Arabic: القانونى, al‐Qānūnī), because he changed the organization of the Ottoman legal system. This nickname shows how important he was in the Ottoman Empire. Some people even considered Suleiman as the “World Emperor and Messiah of the Last Age”.

He also led many wars in Europe, including wars in Hungary, Austria, the Mediterranean, and parts of North Africa.

Suleiman was the only son of Sultan Selim I and Ayşe Hafsa Sultan. Suleiman spent his childhood in the city of Trabzon, where he got a basic education from his personal teachers. One of his first known teachers was Hayreddin Efendi. Suleiman spoke eight languages fluently. He also wrote Persian poetry and his hobby was composing lute music. Besides battle, he also enjoyed philosophical debate.

During his childhood, Suleiman became friends with Damat Ibrahim Pasha, who was a slave of the sultan. Later during Suleiman’s reign Ibrahim became an important adviser and grand vizier.

When Suleiman was 10 years old, he was expected to take over an administrative position (sancak) in the Ottoman government, but the sons of Beyazid II held him back. Suleiman followed his father Selim I to become emperor of the Ottoman Empire in September 1520.

Suleiman tried to capture Vienna, the capital of the Habsburg Austrian Empire, two times. The first time was in 1529 after he destroyed and captured the Kingdom of Hungary in the 1526 Battle of Mohács. The second time was in 1532. Both times Suleiman failed. The Siege of Vienna resulted in the end of the expansion of the Ottoman Empire into Europe. After these failed attempts, Suleiman started to focus on growing his Empire into Asia and the Mediterranean instead of Central Europe.

The empire that Suleiman ruled over had Ottoman Turkish as its main language. The religion of Islam played a central role during his reign. The Ottoman Empire ruled a diverse population. They were separated by differences in race, language, religion, and customs. Muslims were favored, because they followed the state religion, which was Islam. Others, for example Jews and Christians, had a lesser position but still were allowed to have their own religion. Throughout Suleiman's reign, the government was made up of the Ruling Institution. This institution included the family of the sultan, the ministers of the sultan, and the army. During Suleiman’s reign, it can be said that the Muslim Institution had more power and influence than the Ruling Institution. However, the Muslim Institution was aiming to catch up with the Sharia Institution.


Suleiman wanted to keep the power to himself. To prevent his son Mustafa from taking power with a coup, Suleiman had Mustafa strangled in 1553. Several other sons also died. Suleiman’s successor was his son Selim II. He came to the throne during civil conflicts with his surviving brothers. Selim II had the urge to live a life of pleasure, instead of focusing on the difficult task of governing. He assigned affairs of state to his grand vizier (chief minister) and son-in-law, Mehmed Sokullu.

After Selim II came to power to follow Suleiman, the reign of the Ottoman Empire steadily went downhill, because Selim II was more focused on his personal pleasure.

Suleiman died on September 7th 1566. He died during the war with Austria. After his death, his body was moved back to Istanbul. He was buried in Mimar Sinan’s biggest mausoleum.


Kalidasa

Kālidās (Devanāgarī: कालिदास), was the author of "Meghadoot", "Shākuntal", and other works in Sanskrit. He has a similar place in Sanskrit as a poet and a dramatist, as Shakespeare in English.

Kālidās's plays and poetry are based on Hindu mythology and philosophy.

There is very little known for certain about the life of Kālidās. It is not clear where he lived, and the time he might have lived is anywhere from 130 BC to 600 CE.

Kālidās did not mention in his works any king as his patron.

Kālidās wrote three plays: "Mālawikāgnimitra" ("Mālavikā and Agnimitra"), "Abhijñānashākuntala" ("The Recognition of Shakuntala"), and "Vikramorwasheeya" ("Pertaining to Vikram and Urwashi"). Abhijñānashākuntala, that is regarded as a masterpiece was the first to be translated into English and German.

"Mālawikāgnimitra" tells the story of King Agnimitra, who falls in love with the picture of an exiled servant girl named Mālavikā. When the queen discovers her husband's passion for a servant girl, she becomes very angry and orders that this girl is sent to prison; but it turns out that the girl is a princess, therefore the affair is accepted in the end.

"Abhijñānashākuntala" tells the story of a king, "Dushyanta", who meets in the forests "Shakuntalā", the adopted daughter of a wise man who lives with him in a cottage in the forests. 
Dushyanta and Shakuntalā fall in love with each other and get married. Dushyanta stays with Shakuntalā in the forests for while until he gets called back to his court for some pressing matter. After many difficulties there follows a happy end.

"Vikramōrwasheeya" is more mystical than the above two plays.

Kālidās wrote two very good epic poems, "Raghuvamsha" ("Dynasty of Raghu") and "Kumārasambhawa" ("Birth of Kumar Kartikeya"), and the lyrical "Meghadoota" ("Cloud Messenger") and "Rutusamhāra" ("The Exposition on the Seasons").
Some historians credit Kālidās with a few other works, including the following; however, scholars commonly believe that they were the creations of some other authors writing under the name Kālidās:




Water organ

The water organ or hydraulic organ is a kind of pipe organ. As in the pipe organ, the sound is made by air blowing through the pipes, but power to make the air blow does not come from bellows or from electricity as in the modern organ, but from water, for example from a waterfall.

A hydraulis is an early type of pipe organ that was powered by water. It was invented in the 3rd century B.C., probably by the Hellenistic scientist Ctesibius of Alexandria. It was the world's first keyboard instrument. Many centuries later it developed into the modern pipe organ.

The water organ works by having water and air arriving together in the camera aeolis (wind chamber). Here, water and air separate and the compressed air is driven into a wind-trunk on top of the camera aeolis, to blow the organ pipes. Two perforated ‘splash plates’ or ‘diaphragms’ stop the water spray from getting into the organ pipes. 

The water, having been separated from the air, leaves the camera aeolis at the same speed as it enters. It then drives a water wheel, which in turn drives the musical cylinder and the movements attached. To start the organ, the tap above the entry pipe is turned on and, given a continuous flow of water, the organ plays until the tap is closed again. 

During the Renaissance many Italian gardens had water organs. The most famous water organ of the 16th century was at the Villa d'Este in Tivoli. It was about 6 metres high and was powered by a beautiful waterfall. It could play three pieces automatically, but there was also a keyboard.

User interface

A User interface allows a user to interact with a machine. User interfaces mainly provide two things:
Many machines can be very dangerous. A machine should have a user interface that can be handled easily, even if the person operating the machine has panicked. The user interface should therefore be intuitive, and simple to use. An example of such a user interface is that of the kill switch. A kill switch must shut off the machine at all costs - the idea is to avoid injury or harm to people. This is very different from shutting off the machine at the end of the shift, or when it is no longer needed.

According to EN ISO 13850, the kill switch has to be red on a yellow background. 

The colors used to mark different states are close to those used by signals used on the road.

There may be additional symbols, for example:
In many cases, such symbols are better, because some people are color blind. They need to be explained, like warnings, though.

Pizza Hut

Pizza Hut is an American pizza restaurant, or pizza parlor. Pizza Hut also serves salads, pastas and bread sticks. In 2008, Pizza Hut serves chicken wings as a part of the Wingstreet restaurant franchise logo. Pizza Hut is an American restaurant chain and international franchise founded in 1958 by Dan and Frank Carney. The company is known for its Italian-American cuisine menu, including pizza and pasta, as well as side dishes and desserts.

Pizza Hut was founded in 1958 in Wichita, Kansas, by Dan and Frank Carvey. The first Pizza Hut location was at a intersection in Wichita.


Intersection (road)

An intersection is where two or more roads come together. Intersections are also known as "junctions". At an intersection, there can be stop signs on one or both sides of the intersection. There can also be a traffic light.

There are two major types of intersections.
<br>


Package

Package or packaging can mean:

Chrysalis

A chrysalis is the pupa of a butterfly. The word "chrysalis" comes from the Greek language word for gold because butterflies often have a brighter pupa than other insects.

Artibonite (department)

Artibonite is one of the ten departments (French: "départments", singular "départment") of Haiti. It is named Artibonite because the Artibonite river flows across the department from east to west. Its capital is Gonaïves.

The independence of Haiti was proclaimed in the "Place d'Armes" of Gonaïves on 1 January 1804 by Jean Jacques Dessalines.

The "Départment de l'Artibonite", with an area of 4,895 km², is the largest department of Haiti.

The main river of the department is the Artibonite. Other rivers are Ennery, de l'Estère, Montrouis, Quinte.

The mountain chains here run from west to east and the most important are the "Chaine de Terre-Neuve" and the "Montagnes Noires" (in English, "Black Mountains"). There is also part of the "Chaine des Mattheux".

It is bordered to the northwest by the Nord-Ouest Department, to the north and northeast by the Nord Department, to the east by the Centre Department and to the south by the Ouest Department. The Gulf of Gonâve is to the west.

The department had, in the 2003 census, a population of 1,299,398 persons: 625,690 men and 673,708 women, with 422,476 (32.51%) living in cities and towns.

The main cities are Gonaïves (the capital) and Saint-Marc.

The department is divided into five "arrondissements" (like districts) and 15 "communes" (like municipalities). The "arrondissements" and their "communes" are:

Most of the rice of Haiti is grown in the Artibonite department, along the valley of the River Artibonite.

Bohemianism

The word Bohemian was first used in Paris to mean a Gypsy because many people thought that Gypsies came from Bohemia. The word was then used in the late 19th century (1800s) for poor painters, writers, musicians and actors who often travelled to Paris from other towns and tried to earn money. Paris was a famous town for painters, writers, and musicians to gather, to learn from each other and to enjoy the life of the city. Many of them lived at Montmartre, not far from the "Moulin Rouge". One of the most famous painters to live in Montmartre was Henri Toulouse-Lautrec. He loved to paint the can-can dancers and prostitutes. He did many posters to advertise the nightclubs. The posters are now famous works of art. 

In the 20th century the word "Bohemian" spread to other countries and was used to describe the lives of many different artists of different sorts. The sort of behaviour that was thought of as "Bohemian" included whether a person had a regular job, how they dressed, their political views, their religious views, their sexual behaviour and the entertainment they liked. 

People who were called "Bohemians" were often very poor, because they tried to live by painting, acting or writing. It was hard to make a living. They generally wore old or second-hand clothing, and could not afford a good hair-cut. They often shared the room in the roof of a house, which was cheap, because it was cold in winter, hot in summer and often had birds living there as well. In some ways the life of a bohemian artist was difficult, but it gave people freedom to express themselves, that was often not found in more conservative society, where everyone worried about what other people thought of them, and cared a lot about things like clothes and houses. Sometimes students from richer families would come to live a "Bohemian life style", so that they could feel the same freedom to express themselves. 

During the 20th century, many cities apart from Paris have areas where people have lived Bohemian lifestyles. One of the problems is that these areas often become fashionable for rich people. This soon drives away the poor artists and students, because they can no longer afford the rent.

Bohemian areas in different cities are: 




Henry Willis

