Henry Willis (born: 27 April 1821, London - died: 11 February 1901, London) was a British builder of pipe organs. He built a very large number of organs, many of them for big cathedrals and concert halls in Britain, such as St. Paul's Cathedral, Truro Cathedral, and the Royal Albert Hall. He also built an organ for Queen Victoria at Windsor Castle. Many of the organs that he built are in other parts of the world, especially in countries that belonged to the British Empire. 

Many organists who gave organ recitals liked Henry Willis’s organs because they had lots of different sounds which helped to make the organ sound like an orchestra. He made organs for churches where the architects were getting rid of the central screen so that the organ could be heard better in the main part of the church (the nave). He used ideas that had been created by the French organ builder Cavaillé-Coll and by Barker. He made several inventions himself, including the thumb piston, which made it possible for an organist to change the combination of stops without taking his hands off the keyboard.

Four generations of the Willis family continued the family tradition of organ building until 1997, when Henry Willis IV retired and the new Managing Director of the firm was not a member of the Willis family. The Company, founded in 1845, Henry Willis & Sons, Ltd. still makes organs in Liverpool.


Drug addiction

Drug addiction, also called substance dependence or dependence syndrome, is a condition where a person feels a strong need to take a drug. Addiction also involves other behaviours. These include finding it difficult to control the need to use the drug and feeling the use of the drug to be more important than more normal things such as family or work. When the person does not use the drug for an amount of time, they may suffer from withdrawal.

When a person is addicted, they are usually addicted to a class (a specific kind) of drug. For example: Heroin is a drug that is in the Opiate class. Which means that a person addicted to Heroin may also be seen to have an addiction to other opiates such as Morphine.

A person who may easily become addicted to drugs is said to have an addictive personality. The Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders defines drug addiction as a mental disorder. Drug addiction is often linked with other mental disorders.


The health effects of drug abuse are not just a concern for the individual using drugs. In the case of a woman who is abusing drugs while pregnant, the long-term health of the child can be adversely affected as well. A study from Pediatrics reports that babies born to women who abuse drugs during pregnancy may have physical, emotional, and mental health issues during childhood and even throughout their lives, including:



Aristide Cavaillé-Coll

Aristide Cavaillé-Coll (born in Montpellier, 4 February 1811; died in Paris, 13 October 1899) was a French organ-builder. He invented many new mechanical devices and his organs changed the way that composers could write for the instrument. César Franck, Alexandre Guilmant, and Charles-Marie Widor, in particular, were strongly influenced by the new type of organ that he was building.

Cavaillé-Coll grouped the stops of the organ into different families, so that the result was similar to the families of instruments in an orchestra. He made the lowest of the manuals (keyboards) the most important one. It was called the “Great” (French: “Grande Orgue”). The other manuals - there were usually two others, but sometimes three - could be “coupled” to the Great. He made changes to the English swell box, improved its operation, and divided the windchests on which the pipes were resting. This made it possible to have louder reed stops because of the higher wind pressure.


Gottfried Silbermann

Gottfried Silbermann (born Kleinbobritzsch, 14 January 1683; died Dresden, 4 August 1753) was a very important German builder of keyboard instruments. He built harpsichords, clavichords, organs, and pianos. 

He was born in Kleinbobritzsch. He learnt to build organs from his brother in Straßburg. In 1711 Silbermann opened his own workshop in Freiberg. Then, in 1723 got the title "Honorary Court and State Organ Builder to the King of Poland and Elector of Saxony" from Frederick Augustus I. Gottfried Silbermann designed and built approximately 50 organs. He had different ideas about organ building from Arp Schnitger who was an organ builder in the north of Germany. Silbermann's organs were some of the best instruments in the south of Germany, some of them still exist. The Hofkirche organ and that of Freiberg Cathedral are considered his greatest works. 

Silbermann also played a big role in the history of the piano. He built the first German fortepiano in 1732. During the 1740s, King Frederick the Great of Prussia became familiar with Silbermann's pianos and bought a number of them. He employed Carl Philipp Emanuel Bach who was playing Silbermann fortepianos and wrote music for this particular fortepiano model. They were also played by Johann Sebastian Bach during his visit to Potsdam where during his second visit Silbermann pianos met Bach's "complete approval".


Gulf of Gonâve

The Gulf of Gonâve () is a large gulf along the western coast of Haiti. It is at . Port-au-Prince, the capital city of Haiti, is on the coast of the gulf. Other cities on the gulf coast include Gonaïves, Saint-Marc, Miragoâne, and Jérémie.

Several islands are in the gulf; the largest is Gonâve Island, followed by the much smaller Cayemites. The Artibonite River flows into this gulf.

Gonâve Island splits the gulf in two channels (a channel is a narrow part of the sea): the "Saint-Marc Channel" to the north and the "Gonâve Channel" to the south.

Arp Schnitger

Arp Schnitger (born 2 July 1648; buried 28 July 1719) was a very important German builder of pipe organs. He mostly worked in Northern Europe, especially the Netherlands and Germany, where a number of his instruments survive to the present day. His organs are different from those of Gottfried Silbermann who worked in south Germany. Arp Schnitger had great influence on later organ builders, in particular in the 20th century when people wanted a change from the Romantic 19th century organs and tried to make instruments that sounded like they had done in the Baroque period.


Hello Kitty

Hello Kitty is a Japanese character of a cat. It was made in 1974 by a Japanese company named Sanrio. Her real name is Kitty White. The character has a large head. She usually has a red bow between her ears. She has no mouth. Sanrio said that she was not given a mouth because she communicates by using the heart instead of speaking one particular language. Hello Kitty is known all over the world.

Hello Kitty became very popular with young schoolgirls during the 1980s. In the 1990s Sanrio made more products with the picture of the cat which would appeal to teenagers and young women.

Hello Kitty has become very successful. The character's picture is on over fifty thousand products sold in most countries. Sanrio’s amusement park Puroland opened in 1990. It is visited by more than 1.5 million visitors each year. Hello Kitty has been an animated character, such as in "Hello Kitty’s Furry Tale Theatre", shown on United States television during 1987 and 1991.

Famous stars such as Mariah Carey and Britney Spears were photographed with products that had her picture. Hello Kitty is an example of a Japanese "kawaii" (cute in English) character.

Kitty was born in London, England on November 1st, and to this day she lives there with her family. She likes the apple pie her mother makes. Her mother has her wear a ribbon on her left ear, in order to tell the difference between twins Kitty and Mimmy. She enjoys baking cookies and playing the piano; she aspires to be a pianist or a poet when she is older. Her height is as same as five apples and her weight is as same as three apples. Her childhood friend is Daniel Starr.

She is the twin sister of Kitty White. She wears a yellow ribbon on her right ear. She is shy and feminine.

He is Kitty's childhood friend, born on May 3rd. He is often called "Dear Daniel", resembling "Hello Kitty". He has a naïve and loving personality. His favorite foods are cheesecake and yogurt, and his talents include dancing and playing the piano. He wishes to be a photographer someday.

Mary is Kitty and Mimmy's mother. She is very generous and good at cooking, cleaning and washing. Her birthday is September 14th.

George is Kitty and Mimmy's father. He is a very reliable and humorous man. His birthday is June 3rd.




Herman's Hermits

Herman's Hermits were a rock band from England. They were part of the "British Invasion" of bands during the 1960s, and were most popular in that decade. Their business manager was an American named Allen Klein, who also worked for Donovan, The Animals, and later The Rolling Stones and The Beatles.
None of the members was really named Herman. Lead singer Peter Noone (pronounced "noon") was nicknamed Herman, because his bandmates thought he looked like Sherman, from "The Rocky and Bullwinkle Show". Noone was an actor before he became a singer. The other band members were Derek "Lek" Leckenby (guitar), Keith Hopwood (guitar, keyboards), Karl Green (bass guitar) and Barry Whitwam (drums). The band began as amateurs, playing at parties for friends, but turned professional as they improved. They made records, appeared on television, and also made movies.

The Hermits's hit records included "I'm Into Something Good", "Can't You Hear My Heartbeat?", "There's A Kind Of Hush (All Over The World)", "I'm Henry VIII, I Am", "Listen People", and cover versions of "Silhouettes", "Sea Cruise", and "The End Of The World". "Hold On" was the title song of their first movie. "Mrs. Brown, You've Got A Lovely Daughter" was a hit song first, that was later fitted to a movie storyline.

Herman's Hermits stopped having hits as music trends changed, but their old songs were well loved. They are still played today. The band members went on to other careers in the 1970s. Peter Noone went back to acting, but still appeared as a singer.

In the 1980s, Leckenby and Whitwam formed a new band, to tour under the old name. The singer sounded like Noone, and many fans did not know the difference. Other original members also sometimes rejoined. During the 1990s, Noone took over the name for his band, that appeared with him at oldies concerts.

Grand'Anse (department)

Grand'Anse, or "Grande Anse", is one of the ten departments (French: "départments", singular "départment") of Haiti. Its capital is Jérémie.

The "Départment de la Grand'Anse" has an area of 2,091 km². It is bordered to the north by the Gulf of Gonâve, to the east by the Nippes Department, to the south by the Sud Department, and by the Caribbean Sea to the west.

The "Massiff de la Hotte", an important Haitian mountain range, runs from west to east along the south of the department, with the Plymouth, Macaya and Casetaches mountain ranges. Because of this, rivers here are short; some of them are Baradères, Dame-Marie, de la Grande-Anse, de Nippes, des Roseaux and Voldrogue.

The department is divided into three "arrondissements" (like districts) and 11 "communes" (like municipalities). The "arrondissements" and their "communes" are:

Nippes

Nippes is one of the ten departments (French: "départments", singular "départment") of Haiti.

It is the newest and smallest Haitian department; it was created in 2003 with the eastern part of the Grand'Anse Department. It has an estimated population of 266,379 (2003) and its capital city is Miragoâne.

Nippes has an area of 1,219 km. It is bordered to the south by the Sud Department, to the east by the Ouest Department, to the west by the Grand'Anse Department and to the north by the Gonâve Channel, the southern part of the Gulf of Gonâve.

The department is divided into three "arrondissements" (like districts) and 11 "communes" (like municipalities). The "arrondissements" and their "communes" are:

Lara Veronin

Lara Veronin is a Russian-Taiwanese-American singer born on 2 May 1988. She is famous for being the lead vocalist of the C-Pop band Nan Quan Mama. The band's first album Treasure Map and second album Nan Quan Mama, Version 2 both peaked at #4 on the Taiwanese Album Charts. She has also appeared as a featured voicalist on Jay Chou's sixth album November's Chopin on the track "Coral Sea".

Veronin was born and raised in Monterey Park, California, America and moved to Taiwan in her teens. Her father is a Russian American, and her mother a Taiwanese. She speaks fluent English and Mandarin as shown in her songs, but says she is unable to speak Russian.

Reportedly, Veronin's talent was discovered when she met C-pop singer Jay Chou at a restaurant where she was working. He was interested in her voice and recruited her for his band, Nan Quan Mama. Her role as the lead singer of Nan Quan Mama gave her instant fame.

She gained greater recognition as her songs "靠近一點點 Kao Jin Yi Dian Dian" and "Say You Love Me" were chosen to be theme songs for It Started With A Kiss, a Chinese romantic comedy television series in 2005.

In 2006, Veronin was cast in the television series "Engagement for Love", co-starring Alex To and Ambrose Hsu.

As of now, Veronin is studying in college in Taipei while continuing her music career.

Her musical style is often disputed (argued about). This is because most of her songs when she performs solo are in the alternative or pop-rock genre, but when she performs as a vocalist in the band Nan Quan Mama, she often sings blues- and soul-influenced dance music.


Super Girl (TV series)

Super Girl (; "lit. Super Female Voice") is an annual national singing contest in People's Republic of China for female competitors. The official name is The Mengniu Yoghurt Super Girl Contest, after the company that sponsored the show. It is now one the most popular entertainment shows in China. However, after the third season, the show was banned by the Chinese government. The show was the feature of a 2007 documentary titled Super, Girls!, produced and directed by independent Chinese filmmaker Jian Yi on the 2006 Super Voice Girls contest, released at the Cambridge Film Festival. An ARTiSIMPLE Studio production, "Super, Girls!" is the only independent feature-length documentary ever made about the "Super Girls."

The competition was open to any female regardless of age, origin or appearance. The audition sessions had females ranging from 4 to 89 years old. The 2005 season of the contest attracted more than 120,000 applicants during the preliminary selection rounds, held in the provinces Hunan, Sichuan, Guangdong, Henan and Zhejiang. Many applicants travelled long distances to take part in the competition. Each contestant was allowed 30 seconds to perform to judges and find out if they were selected for the preliminary regional rounds. To prevent another overwhelming audition season, the minimum age of 18 was later set during the 2006 season.

Following the selection of contestants in the five regions, the competition began with the preliminary rounds. Preliminaries were held in each of the five locations where auditions were located. Vviewers were able to watch each of the preliminaries and vote for their favorite singers. Voting was conducted by telephone and SMS.

The regional preliminaries are followed by a weekly broadcast single-elimination (knockout) tournament held in Changsha, Hunan. The least voted two face-off subsequently in a "PK." The term "PK" comes from "Player Kill," a reference to kill-or-be-killed online games. The singer with the least number of votes is then eliminated. The last event is contested between the final 3.

Judges for the competition were selected from different backgrounds in society. "Audience judges" were selected in addition to several professional judges.

The original version of the show was known as "Super Boy" and aired in 2003 on Hunan Entertainment Channel, a local broadcaster based in Changsha, Hunan. The show was a success and the counterpart "Super Girl" aired at the beginning of 2004 and became the most viewed show in Hunan. However, the programme's impact was limited as the channel does not broadcast outside the province.

On May 6, 2004, "Super Girl" was introduced to a national audience by its producer Liao Ke through Hunan Satellite Television. In addition to broadcasting the original episodes created by Hunan Entertainment Channel, the network also developed this show in other 3 cities: Wuhan in Hubei, Nanjing in Jiangsu and Chengdu in Sichuan. This show attracted an average of 10,000 contestants in each city and received nationwide attention.

Hunan Satellite Television introduced a second season of "Super Girl" on March 19, 2005. The preliminary rounds were filmed in five cities: Changsha in Hunan Province, Guangzhou in Guangdong Province, Zhengzhou in Henan Province, Hangzhou in Zhejiang Province, and Chengdu in Sichuan Province. By the middle of the season, the competition captivated a nationwide audience and became one of the most watched television entertainment shows in China with tens of millions of viewers.

The final episode of the 2005 season was one of the most popular shows in Chinese broadcast history, drawing more than 400,000,000 viewers, more than CCTV's New Year's Gala earlier that year. The final peaked at 280,000,000 viewers at a given time, higher than the 12,000,000-viewer figure for the finals of "Pop Idol". Despite the show being condemned by CCTV as being "vulgar and manipulative", season 3 of the show was launched and finished in early October 2006.

On January 18, 2006, China National Philatelic Corporation released a postage stamp issue featuring 2005 winner Li Yu Chun. The set was shortly earlier than Li's twenty-second birthday in her commemoration.

On May 11, 2009, "The Oprah Winfrey Show", a worldwide famous television show, invited Zhang Liangying, who ranked 3rd overall in the 2005 contest, to make an American television singing debut. The subtitle of the show was "The World's Got Talent" and Zhang Liangying was the only east Asian singer in the show.

Some who were not chosen as winners have also been able to enter the recording industry through other means. Ji Min Jia, who ranked fifth overall in the 2005 contest, worked in Los Angeles in 2006 to help with production of the title song for Japanese anime series "The Galaxy Railways". On March 15, 2007, Japanese recording group Hello! Project announced Li Chun, one of the top 50 contestants in the 2006 Changsha regional, as one of two new members of Chinese ancestry of its pop group Morning Musume.

The contest has also inspired television producers to create other talent search shows.

One of the main factors contributing to the show's popularity was that viewers are able to participate in the judging process by sending SMSs with their mobile phones to vote for their favorite contestants. During the 2005 regional contest in Chengdu alone, 307,071 message votes were cast for the top three contestants, each vote costing ¥0.5 to ¥3.

Over 800,000,000 text messages were sent during the third season of "Super Girl", and fan clubs began to appear throughout the country. After the large response to the ability to vote, the Chinese government banned the show from continuing to a fourth season. The show was the feature of a 2007 documentary titled "Super, Girls!", produced and directed by independent Chinese filmmaker Jian Yi on the 2006 Super Voice Girls contest, released at the Cambridge Film Festival. An ARTiSIMPLE Studio production, "Super, Girls!" is the only independent feature-length documentary ever made about the "Super Girls."

While some culture and media experts praised "Super Girl" in blazing "a trail for cultural democracy" and breaking elitism in China's entertainment industry, others stated that "the show represented a superficiality in society, propelled by behind-the-scenes manipulation and state-of-the-art pomp and circumstance".

Mengniu reportedly paid ¥14,000,000 to Hunan Television for rights to sponsor the show's broadcast outside Hunan province beginning with the 2005 season. The 2005 contest was estimated to have drawn in a total of ¥766,000,000. Indirect business impact of the competition was estimated at several billion yuan.

Television advertisement slots cost an average of ¥33,400 for 15 seconds in 2006, compared to the average of ¥28,000 in 2005. Advertising sales were expected to reach ¥200,000,000, nearly double that of the previous year.

The first season of "Super Girl" aired from 6 May to September 22, 2004. Although the winners of the competition were not promised recording contracts, the top three winners signed such deals.


The second season of "Super Girl" aired from March 19 to August 26 in 2005. There was much controversy about the Li Yu Chun being the season's grand champion as she had the most votes even though she had "the weakest voice among the top finalists". Despite the heavy criticism that arose during the competition season, the three 2005 finalists have been considered the most successful singers from the entire show.

The third season of aired from April 2 to September 30, 2006. Shang Wen Jie's selection as grand champion over Tan Wei Wei, who is a professional vocalist from Sichuan Conservatory of Music, raised questions at each candidate's public appeal. Speculations arose that Shang, who appeared to be a copycat of Li Yu Chun's image, was voted grand champion due to the appeal of her Cinderella story.



Voluntary (music)

In music a voluntary is a piece of music, usually for organ, which is played as part of a church service.

The word “voluntary” can be used for the title of a piece of music. The title was often used by English composers in the late Renaissance or Baroque periods for a piece of organ music that was free in style, i.e. it did not have to be composed in a strict form such as sonata form or a fugue. It was meant to sound as if it was being improvised (the word voluntary in general means “free”, i.e. not “forced to do something”).

Composers such as Orlando Gibbons, John Blow and Henry Purcell wrote voluntaries, although sometimes they preferred to use other titles such as "fancy" (an English form of the Italian word "fantasia"), or even "fugue". However, these "fugues" were not composed in the proper fugue style: they just started off with imitation as in a fugue, but continued in a freer style.

Some voluntaries were called "double voluntaries". These were pieces written for organs with two manuals (keyboards). The pieces contrasted a loud manual with a soft one.

Some voluntaries were known as "trumpet voluntaries". These were voluntaries which had a tune which was played (with the right hand) on a stop called a “trumpet” or a “cornet”. Two very famous trumpet voluntaries, often played at weddings, are the trumpet voluntary by Henry Purcell and the one by Jeremiah Clarke (which people used to think was composed by Purcell). In the 18th century the composer John Stanley wrote many trumpet voluntaries.


Aalen

Aalen (pronounced ) is a town in the German state of Baden-Württemberg. It is the capital of the Ostalbkreis district, and its largest town.

Bad Wörishofen

Bad Wörishofen () is a spa town in Unterallgäu in Bavaria, Germany.
The town is on the Wörthbach, a tributary of the River Mindel in . It is about 80 km / 50 miles west of Munich and 35 km / 22 miles east of Memmingen.

Bürgermeister

The German word Burgermeister often spelled in English as "Burgomaster" or "Burgomeister" means "master of the citizens".

A Burgermeister is chairman of the executive council (or cabinet) in many towns and cities in Germany. In France, the person is called a "maire". In the Netherlands the person is called the "burgemeester". The title is usually translated into English as "Mayor", but the position of mayor is not quite the same as the Burgermeister.


"Ober-" is put in front of many title to show that it is higher than another, especially in military.


Area codes in Germany

Area codes in Germany () for telephones have two to five digits, not counting the first zero. The first or "leading" zero must be dialled when calling from inside Germany and not when calling from outside Germany. The area code is not needed when dialling another telephone in the same area, unless one of the telephones is a mobile phone. Usually shorter area codes are used by larger cities, and longer area codes to smaller towns.

The first digit (after the leading zero) shows the region: 

(0)1 are special numbers such as mobile phones (015, 016, 017), shared cost service (0180), televoting numbers (013) and 010 for dial-around services. The OLD codes 0130 for free phone numbers and 0190 for premium-rate numbers are now moved to 0800 and 0900 to meet international standards.

Vehicle registration plates of Germany

German automobile number plates ("Kfz-Kennzeichen") show the place where the automobile carrying them is registered. When a person changes their main home in Germany, or buys a new automobile, they must buy new number plates.

Number plates can be bought which are valid all year round or between 2 to 11 months within any 12 months. This allows changing between summer and winter automobiles, such as a convertible and a sedan/saloon without having the time and money wasted for de- and re-registering.

The present number plate format, used since 1994, uses black print on a white background and first provides information about the country where the automobile is registered within the European Union. German licence plates show a "D" (for "Deutschland"="Germany") on the blue strip on the left, which shows the European Union's flag, 12 golden stars in a circle on blue ground.

After that, there are between one and three letters for the city or region where the automobile is registered, such as B for Berlin. These units usually coincide with the German districts, in few cases an urban district and the surrounding district share the same letter code. Usually if an urban district and a rural district share the code, the number of the following letters is different. For example, the urban district (Straubing) SR has one letter after the code (SR - A 123). The surrounding district Straubing-Bogen has two letters (SR - AB 123) after the code. It depends on the number of registered automobiles (or citizens) whether the City or the district has two letters, because there are more possibilities with two letters, so the part with more citizens usually has two letters. For example, the urban district Regensburg has more citizens than the rural district Regensburg, so the city has two letters after the code R.

The number of letters in the city/region code usually shows the size and location of the district: the largest German cities generally only have one letter codes (B=Berlin, M=München (Munich), K=Köln (Cologne), F=Frankfurt am Main), most other districts in Germany have two or three letter codes. Districts in eastern Germany usually have more letters, for two reasons:

This is only a rule of thumb, there are a number of exceptions e.g. Germany's second largest city Hamburg (HH, Hansestadt Hamburg, because of its historical membership in the Hanseatic League) or the west German district Ammerland (WST, Westerstede is the capital of the district).

The reason for this scheme is however not to display size or location, but simply to have enough combinations available within the maximum length of eight characters per plate.

After the location name there are the emission test and vehicle safety test stickers (see below), followed by one or two letters and one to four numbers. These letters and numbers can be chosen by the vehicle owner or if they prefer, random ones can be allocated by the licensing office. The total quantity of letters and numbers on the plate is never higher than eight. One letter with low numbers are normally reserved for motorcycle use since the plate space of these vehicles is smaller.

Various combinations that could be considered politically unacceptable—mainly due to implications relating to Nazi Germany—are disallowed or otherwise avoided. The district Sächsische Schweiz-Osterzgebirge uses the name of its main town, Pirna, in its code "PIR", to avoid the use of "SS", the name of the nazi group; similarly "SA" is also unused. This is why automobiles for the government and parliament in Saxony-Anhalt are registered with LSA (Land Sachsen Anhalt). In 2004 in Nuremberg, an automobile owner was refused a number plate beginning N-PD because of the connection to the political party, the NPD. 

Banned combinations include the Nazi abbreviations HJ ("Hitlerjugend", Hitler Youth), NS ("Nationalsozialismus", National Socialism), SA ("Sturmabteilung"), SS ("Schutzstaffel") and KZ ("Konzentrationslager", concentration camp). Some registration offices have overlooked this rule by mistake, however; there are a few automobiles registered carrying prohibited codes, such as "B-SS 12". Some counties also allow these combinations if they are the initials of the owner (e.g., Norbert Schmidt might be able to get XX-NS 1234), but in this case, if the automobile is sold and re-registered in the same county by the new owner, the number can be changed (otherwise the number stays with the automobile until it registered in a different area).

Certain types of vehicle bear special codes:



The German Federal President's license plate is 0-1, the Chancellor's 0-2, the Foreign Secretary's 0-3. The plate of the President of the Bundestag is an exception: it shows 1-1. This is to show that the Bundestag's President is not part of the government but still ranks higher in importance than the Chancellor. These vehicles are tax-exempt and need not to be insured since the German government acts as insurer.


588 Achilles

588 Achilles is an asteroid found on February 22, 1906 by the German astronomer Max Wolf. It was the first of the Trojan asteroids to be found, and is named after Achilles, the fictional hero from the Iliad. It orbits in the L Lagrangian point of the Sun-Jupiter system. After a few such asteroids were found, the rule was made that the L point was the "Greek camp", while the L point was the "Trojan camp", though not before each camp had acquired a "spy" (624 Hektor in the Greek camp and 617 Patroclus in the Trojan camp).


Mwai Kibaki

Mwai Kibaki (15 November 1931 – 21 April 2022) was a Kenyan politician. He was the 3rd President of Kenya, from 2002 to 2013.

Kibaki was the first President of Kenya to belong to a party other than KANU (Kenya African national union). After he became President he has done many good things. Kenya saw economic growth of 6%. He however had complaints from people who think the changes that were too slow to come. Many Kenyans living in the diaspora have begun to return to Kenya as the promise of the future has created high paying jobs. These jobs are appealing to foreign educated Kenyans.

In 2007, many people were angry at him. They thought he changed the election results so that he would win. They started to destroy houses and other property.

Kibaki's term ended in April 2013. He was succeeded by Uhuru Kenyatta as President.

He was married to Lucy Kibaki from 1962 until her death in April 2016.

Kibaki died on 21 April 2022 in Nairobi, Kenya, aged 90.

Socialist International

The Socialist International (SI) is a worldwide group which wants to establish democratic socialism. Most of its members are democratic socialist, social democratic, and labour political parties.

Its name is from the Second International, which was formed in 1889 and dissolved on the eve of World War I in 1914.

Some of the Second International's most famous actions were its 1889 declaration of 1 May as International Labour Day and its 1910 declaration of 8 March as International Women's Day. The Second International was split by the outbreak of World War I. A small part carried on as the International Socialist Commission. The International re-formed in 1923 (as the Labour and Socialist International), and was re organised again, in its present form, after World War II. Many social democratic and socialist parties had been suppressed in Nazi-occupied Europe.

Since World War II, the SI helped social democratic parties to re-start themselves when dictatorship gave way to democracy in Portugal (1974) and Spain (1975).

Until its 1976 Geneva Congress, the Socialist International had few members outside Europe and no formal involvement with Latin America. In the 1980s, most SI parties gave their backing to the Nicaraguan Sandinistas (FSLN), whose left-wing government had incited hatred from the United States. Since then, the SI has admitted as member-parties not only the FSLN but also the centre-left Puerto Rican Independence Party, as well as the ex-Communist parties such as the Italian Democrats of the Left (Democratici di Sinistra (DS)) and the Front for the Liberation of Mozambique (FRELIMO).

The Party of European Socialists, a European political party active in the European Parliament, is an associated organisation of the Socialist International.

In 2022, Pedro Sánchez, leader of the Spanish Socialist Workers' Party, became the president of the Socialist International.


The following parties are full members:
The following parties are consultative parties:
The following parties are observer parties:




ISO 3166-1 alpha-3

ISO 3166-1 alpha-3 codes are three-letter country codes in the ISO 3166-1 standard to represent countries and dependent territories. They are published by the International Organization for Standardization (ISO) as part of its ISO 3166 standard. They were first included as part of the ISO 3166 standard in its first edition in 1974.

They are used in ISO/IEC 7501-1 for machine-readable passports.

Below is a complete list of the current officially assigned ISO 3166-1 alpha-3 codes, with country names being English short country names officially used by the ISO 3166 Maintenance Agency (ISO 3166/MA):
The following alpha-3 codes can be user-assigned: from AAA to AAZ, from QMA to QZZ, from XAA to XZZ, and from ZZA to ZZZ. These code elements are at the disposal of users who need to add further names of countries, territories or other geographical entities to their in-house application of ISO 3166-1, and the ISO 3166/MA will never use them in the updating process of the standard.

Reserved code elements are codes which, while not ISO 3166-1 codes, are in use for some applications in conjunction with the ISO 3166 codes. The ISO 3166/MA therefore reserves them, so that they are not used for new official ISO 3166 codes, thereby creating conflicts between the standard and those applications.

The following alpha-3 codes are subject to an exceptional reservation:

The following three codes were also under exceptional reservation, until the update from 2006-03-29 included them in the standard:

The following alpha-3 codes are subject to a transitional reservation:

The following alpha-3 codes are subject to an indeterminate reservation, having been notified to the United Nations Secretary-General under the 1949 and/or 1968 Road Traffic Conventions:

The following code has been reassigned:

For the time being, ISO 3166/MA has agreed not to use the following codes, taken from ISO/IEC 7501-1 (machine readable travel documents), as alpha-3 country codes:

Besides the codes currently transitionally reserved and FXX (now exceptionally reserved), these alpha-3 codes have also been withdrawn since the first edition of ISO 3166 in 1974:



Bellows

A bellows is something that blows air into a small opening in order to make something work. The bellows will have a kind of sack which has air in it. When the sack is squeezed the air is pushed out. Bellows can be quite small and operated by hand, for example for stoking a fire in an open fireplace. They can also be very large, such as bellows that produce air for a large pipe organ to be played. Such bellows used to be pumped by hand (sometimes by several people), but nowadays electricity is used. Bellows are used by blacksmiths or metalworkers for smelting and welding. They are also used in small musical instruments such as bagpipes, accordions and concertinas. The harmonium has bellows which the player operates by pumping with the his feet.

1999 Jiji earthquake

The earthquake caused much damage, according to the National Fire Agency, Ministry of the Interior R.O.C. This damage included:

The earthquake continued to shake Taiwan throughout the night. People tell stories about a house that was not destroyed but moved by the earthquake from one county to another. The story says that because of this, the owners of the house had to change their address. The earthquake killed many people. 

The epicenter of the earthquake was Chichi Township. The 921 Earthquake happened along the Chelungpu fault line in western part of the island of Taiwan. The fault is located along the foothills of the Central Mountains in Nantou and Taichung counties. Some sections of land near the fault were changed in elevation by as much as 7 meters (23 feet). Near the northern end of the fault line, a 7-meter tall waterfall was created by the earthquake. In the middle-western part of the island, bridges were destroyed. This stopped traffic for weeks.

In Wufeng, a village in southern Taichung County, the damage was very bad. The village's Guangfu High School was located on the fault line. It was badly damaged by the quake. Today the high school is the site of the National Museum of Natural Science's 921 Earthquake Museum of Taiwan. Landslides were created which in turn caused impromptu formation of lakes.


Visibility

"Visibility" is a word used in meteorology. It is used to talk about how far a normal person can see depending on the weather. If there is low visibility, such as in a blizzard, a person will not be able to see far. If there is high visibility, such as on a bright, sunny day, a person will be able to see a long way.

Visibility less than is often called zero. When it is this low, roads may be closed, or lights and signs are turned on to warn drivers. These are put in areas that often have very low visibility. Warning lights help stop accidents. Automobile crashes with many cars happen often in places like this if the warning lights and signs are not put up.

Visibility is said to be good when a person can see farther than about 10 kilometers.

An advisory is put out by meteorologists to warn of low visibility, such as a dense fog advisory from the U.S. National Weather Service. These tell drivers to not travel until the fog leaves. Airport travel sometimes is delayed, or slowed down, by low visibility.

Lothar Bisky

Lothar Bisky (17 August 1941 – 13 August 2013) was a German politician. He was the chairman of the Left Party.PDS, a socialist political party with its base in the east of Germany. In June 2007 he became of the leaders of The Left, formed by a merger of Left Party.PDS and Labour and Social Justice – The Electoral Alternative.

Bisky was born in Zollbrueck, Pomerania. As a child he was very poor, so when he was 18 he moved from northern West Germany to GDR. He was allowed to join the Socialist Unity Party in 1963, but did not became a leader of the party until just after the fall of communism and the old "hardliners" were thrown out of the party. 

He was rector of the University of Film and Television (Potsdam-Babelsberg) from 1986 to 1990. In 1991 he became a member of the board of directors of regional television channel ORB (now part of RBB.)

In 1990 he was a member of the Volkskammer and since 1990 he has been a member of the state parliament in Brandenburg.

He was chairman of the PDS from 1993 until his resignation in 2000. He was re-elected chairman in 2003. Bisky was seen to be on the moderate, social democratic wing of the party and he was a long-time close ally of the party's most prominent figure, Gregor Gysi.

The party returned strongly to the Bundestag in the 2005 election. Bisky, one of 54 Left MPs, was going to become one of the six vice presidents of the Bundestag. When the new Bundestag met on October 18, however, he failed three times to be elected. Some MPs explained this with allegations (denied by Bisky) that he was an informant of the Stasi. Later, he failed a fourth time, and gave up his bid to be elected.

Lothar Bisky was married and the father of three sons. The oldest son, Jens Bisky, is a journalist and writer and the middle, Norbert Bisky, is a painter. The youngest died in 2008 in Edinburgh.

Bisky died in Leipzig, Saxony, on 13 August 2013.


Louis-Nicolas Clérambault

Louis-Nicolas Clérambault (born Paris, 19 December 1676; died Paris, 26 October 1749) was a French organist and composer.

Clérambault (pronounce “CLAY-ram-bow”) came from a musical family. He learned to play the violin and harpsichord when he was young, and also learned the organ, composition and singing. He became the organist at the church of the Grands-Augustins and then at Saint-Sulpice. He worked for Madame de Maintenon who arranged concerts for King Louis XIV. He also had a job at the royal house of Saint-Cyr, which was a school for young girls from the poor nobility. He directed the music there, played the organ and trained the choir.

Clérambault was the first important French composer of cantatas. They were often about Greek and Roman myths. He also composed for the organ, harpsichord and violin. He was thought of as France’s greatest organist. Two of his sons took over jobs held by their father after his death.

Blizzard

A blizzard is a severe snowstorm. It brings low temperatures, strong winds, and a lot of blowing snow. Blizzards start when a high pressure system touches a low pressure system. The word "blizzard" is sometimes used incorrectly by news media to talk about big winter storms, even if the storm is not a blizzard.

Some areas are more likely to be hit by blizzards than others, but a blizzard can occur in any place where snow falls. In North America, blizzards happen often in the northern-east states, and in the provinces of Canada. In this region, blizzards can happen more than twice each winter. They also occur often in the mountain ranges of western North America. Because these regions have low populations, blizzards sometimes are not reported.

A very dangerous type of blizzard is a whiteout. In a whiteout, downdrafts and snowfall are so thick that people cannot tell the ground and sky apart. People caught in a whiteout lose their sense of direction very fast. This is a large danger to pilots when they are flying airplanes, because they cannot tell how close they are to the ground, and may crash.

The community cleans up after a snowstorm/blizzard occurs. Blizzards only usually go for 3 hours so everything won't be too damaged, meaning it won't be as hard as an earthquake or tsunami to clean.

These horrible blizzards can achieve up to - deep. A basketball hoop is high, so a blizzard can get snow as deep as the height of two or three hoops.

First, there needs to be cold enough air to cause snow to fall in the clouds and ground level water and moisture is needed to form clouds and precipitation. The moisture is called water vapour to make the clouds a source of water vapour is cold air blowing across large lakes or the sea but the cold air doesn't actually make too much snow, its a combination of cold and warm air that does it. The warm air normally meets the cold air if the wind is being pulled towards the equator when they are brought together a front is formed and precipitation is formed and the warm air can go up to the clouds and the blizzard forms from there. 

There is sustained wind or frequent gusts of per hour or greater.

Blizzards can get down to or lower. This makes it fairly easy to get hypothermia in a blizzard. Mostly freezing electrics and machinery, make life very hard in these very cold temperatures.

The Great Blizzard of 1888 was very damaging for the Northeastern United States. In that blizzard, 400 people died, 200 ships sunk, and snowdrifts were or high. In the Great Plains, states were hit by the Schoolhouse Blizzard that trapped children in schools and killed 235 people. 

In 1880–1881 there was a winter that people in the Dakotas called the "Hard Winter". The author Laura Ingalls Wilder wrote her book "The Long Winter" about that winter's story. It talks about one blizzard after another, and how it changed Laura's family and everybody around her. The book is almost all true. Her story of two men from the town of DeSmet, South Dakota, going after some wheat stored some miles south of DeSmet in February 1881 is true, and Ingalls later married one of the men, Almanzo Wilder. If the two men had not found and brought back the wheat, the people would have starved. The snow and ice thawed in April, and the railroads could start again. The train picture above was photographed on March 29, 1881, not far from DeSmet.

34 people died during a 3-day spring blizzard on March 1920 in North Dakota. One of the people who died was Hazel Miner, a teenage girl who froze to death when she got lost on her way home from her one-room-school.

The Armistice Day Blizzard in 1940 surprised many people with how fast the temperature dropped. It was in the morning, but by noon, it was snowing. Some of the people froze to death in the snow. 154 people died in the Armistice Day Blizzard. 

105 years after the Great Blizzard of 1888, a giant blizzard, named the Storm of the Century, hit the U.S in 1993. It dropped snow on 26 states and reached as far north as Canada and as far south as Mexico. In many southern U.S. areas, such as parts of Alabama, more snow fell in this storm than ever fell in an entire winter. Highways and airports closed across the U.S. The blizzard also made 15 tornadoes in Florida. When the storm was over, 270 people died and 48 were reported missing.



The page lacks sources.


Nord (Haitian department)

Nord (English: "North") is one of the ten departments (French: "départments", singular "départment") of Haiti. After the Haitian Revolution, the country was divided into only three departments: Nord, Ouest and Sud. The Nord-Est and Nord-Ouest departments were part of the Nord department.

Its capital and largest city is Cap-Haïtien, founded in 1670 by Bertrand d'Orgeron and the old capital city of "Saint-Domingue". It had the nickname of "Paris of Saint-Domingue".

The "Départment du Nord" has an area of 2,106 km². It is bordered to the northwest by the Nord-Ouest Department, to the east by the Nord-Est Department, to the southeast by the Centre Department and to the west by the Artibonite Department. The Atlantic Ocean is to the north.

The main rivers of the department are Grande Rivière du Nord, Haut du Cap and Limbé. The rivers Trois-Rivières and Bouyaha have their sources in this department. All these rivers, except Bouyaha that is a tributary of the river Artibonite, flow to the north, into the Atlantic Ocean.

The "Massif du Nord" mountain range, known in the Dominican Republic as "Cordillera Central", runs from the northwest to the southeast along the southern half of the department. This Massif du Nord is formed by several chains and the most important, in this department, are the "Chaine de la Grande Rivière du Nord" and the 'Chaine de Saint Raphael".

The "Pleine du Nord" (in English, "Northern Plain") is in the northern half of the department.

The department had, in the 2003 census, a population of 823,043 persons: 393,547 men and 429,496 women, with 325,318 (39.53%) living in cities and towns.

The department is divided into seven "arrondissements" (like districts) and 19 "communes" (like municipalities). The "arrondissements" and their "communes" are:

Apache HTTP Server

Apache HTTP Server, also called Apache, is a web server notable for helping the growth of the World Wide Web.


Nord-Est (department)

Nord-Est (English: "North-East") is one of the ten departments (French: "départments", singular "départment") of Haiti. It is in the northeastern corner of the country, along the border with the Dominican Republic. Its capital is Fort-Liberté.

After the Haitian Revolution, the country was divided into only three departments: Nord, Ouest and Sud. The "Nord-Est" department was part of the "Nord" department.

The "Départment du Nord-Est", with an area of 1,805 km², is the second smallest department of Haiti; only the Nippes department is smaller.

The department is bordered to the north by the Atlantic Ocean, to the west by the Nord Department and to the south by the Centre Department. It borders the Dominican Republic to the east.

The only important river in the province is the Dajabón River, known also as "Massacre". This river marks the Dominican-Haitian border from the Dominican city of Dajabón to its mouth.

The "Massif du Nord" mountain range, known in the Dominican Republic as "Cordillera Central", runs from the northwest to the southeast along the southern half of the department.

The "Pleine du Nord" (in English, "Northern Plain"), with several savannas, is in the northern half of the department.

The department had, in the 2003 census, a population of 308,385 persons: 150,525 men and 157,860 women, with 117,872 (38.22%) living in cities and towns. The population density was, in that year, of 171 persons/km².

The main cities are Fort-Liberté (the capital) and Ouanaminthe.

The department is divided into four "arrondissements" (like districts) and 13 "communes" (like municipalities). The "arrondissements" and their "communes" are:


The main economic activity in the department is agriculture, with many very small farms where beans, peanut, maize and other things are grown. In the mountains, coffee is grown.

Fishing is an important activity along the coast, and commerce is the main activity in Ouanaminthe.

Samuel Wesley

Samuel Wesley (born Bristol, 24 February 1766; died London, 11 October 1837) was an English organist and composer 

Samuel Wesley was the son of Methodist hymn-writer Charles Wesley, the grandson of the poet Samuel Wesley and the nephew of John Wesley, the founder of the Methodist church. His illegitimate son Samuel Sebastian Wesley was the greatest English composer of church music of the 19th century. 

Samuel played the violin as well as the organ, and worked as a conductor as well as a music lecturer. He lived at a time when most English composers were writing sentimental music which was not very important. Wesley was one of the best composers of his time.

Nord-Ouest (department)

Nord-Ouest (English: "North-West") is one of the ten departments (French: "départments", singular "départment") of Haiti. It is in the northwestern part of the country. Its capital is Port-de-Paix.

After the Haitian Revolution, the country was divided into only three departments: Nord, Ouest and Sud. The "Nord-Ouest" department was part of the "Nord" department.

The "Départment du Nord-Ouest" has an area of 2,176 km². The Tortuga Island is part of this department. The department is in the Northern, or Northwestern, Peninsula. It is a very dry region, except for the Tortuga Island and the area around Port-de-Paix.

The department is bordered to the north by the Atlantic Ocean, to the east by the Nord Department and to the south by the Artibonite Department and the Gulf of Gonâve. To the east is the Windward Passage that separates the islands of Hispaniola and Cuba. On clear nights, it is possible to see the Guantánamo Province of Cuba.

The "Massif du Nord-Ouest" (in English, "Northwestern mountain range"), with several smaller mountain chains, covers most of the department. Its western end is almost flat and is called the "Plateau de Bombardopolis" ("Bombardopolis Plateau").

Low lands are found only close to the coast and the most important are the "Jean Rabel Valley" and the "Valley of the Trois-Rivières" on the northern part, and the "Plain of L'Arbre" on the southern part of the department.

The river "Trois-Rivières", one of the most important river in Haiti, is in this department. Other smaller rivers are "Jean Rabel" and "du Mole".

The northern coast of the "Départment du Nord-Ouest" was the area that European people first visited in the Hispaniola island during the first visit of Christopher Columbus to the Americas in 1492.

On the night of 5 December 1492 he saw the Cape Saint-Nicolas and the next day he went into the Bay of the Môle-Saint-Nicolas and to the land where now is the town "Môle-Saint-Nicolas".

On 7 December, he visited the bays "Port-à-l'Écu" and "Moustique"; he named the Moustique Bay ("Mosquito Bay") as "Puerto de la Concepción" and he stayed there till 13 December. Then he went to the bay of Port-de-Paix and named it "Valle del Paraíso" or "Valparaiso" (Spanish for "Paradise Valley") on 15 December.

The department had, in the 2003 census, a population of 531,198 persons: 256,238 men and 274,960 women, with 118,798 (22.36%) living in cities and towns. The population density was, in that year, of 244 persons/km².

The department is divided into three "arrondissements" (like districts) and 10 "communes" (like municipalities). The "arrondissements" and their "communes" are:

The main economic activity in the department is agriculture, with many very small farms where different crops are grown. On the mountains, coffee is grown.

Fishing is an important activity along the coast.

Apache

Apache is the name for several culturally related groups of Native Americans in the southwestern United States. They hunted deer and they also ate berries and lots of fruit.They were nomadic which meant that they followed food and never stayed in one place for a long period of time. They are from the second migration of Native Americans which were the Na Dene which also includes the Chipewyan and the Cheyenne of Canada. Evidence proves that the Na Dene came from the Ket people of Siberia.

Samuel Sebastian Wesley

Samuel Sebastian Wesley (born London, 14 August 1810; died 19 April 1876) was an English organist and composer. He was the greatest English composer of church music of his day. He lived at a time when the standard of music in England had become very bad. He did a lot to improve it, especially church music. He had a hard life earning enough money. This was largely his own fault: he was a difficult man with a bad temper and often argued with his employers. 

He was born in London, the illegitimate son of the composer Samuel Wesley and his partner Sarah Suter. He was given the name of his father (Samuel) and the name Sebastian after the composer Johann Sebastian Bach. 

As a boy he sang in the choir of the Chapel Royal. The Chapel Royal was not nearly as good as it had been in the 16th and 17th centuries when it had been associated with many famous composers. When choirboys made mistakes the music teacher William Hawes would hit them with a riding whip. Samuel Sebastian was an excellent choirboy, and he and another boy were sent to Brighton to sing to King George IV who had gone there for his holiday. He also sang at St. Paul's Cathedral.

When he was a young man he played the organ in several churches in London and started to compose. He wrote some music for melodramas in theatres. When he was 22 he became organist of Hereford Cathedral. This changed his life, because his career now focussed on church music. The choir at Hereford was not very good. The organ was broken, and his lodgings were not nice. However, he was able to perform in the Three Choirs Festival and he composed some church music, including the popular anthem "Blessed be the God and Father", written for an Easter Day service when the choir only had boys and one male singer. He married the sister of the dean of the cathedral. Her family did not approve and did not go to the wedding.

In 1835 he moved to Exeter Cathedral. He improved the choir there and persuaded the authorities to renovate the organ. He had a good salary there, but soon got fed up because he argued with his employers. He often went fishing instead of going to work, sending one of his choir boys to play the organ instead. One day, when Wesley was supposed to play “God Save the King” he played “Rule Britannia”. This sort of behaviour did not do his reputation much good. He wanted to get a doctorate degree from Oxford University so he wrote an anthem "O Lord thou art my God". The professor at Oxford, William Crotch, wanted him to make some changes in the music, but he refused. In the end he was given the degree anyway. 

The next job he had was at Leeds Parish Church. This was the only job he had in his life which was not at a cathedral, but his choir at Leeds was probably better than any of the cathedral choirs he had. The services there were very good, and he improved the choir singing. Leeds was not a nice town in those days. It was very badly polluted through industry. Wesley earned extra money by giving music lessons. He was also in demand for giving organ recitals in different churches. He gave the choir more modern music to sing, including his own compositions. He wrote an introduction to a book of psalm tunes in which he criticized the state of the church in England. He did it in a very personal way and it made his employers angry.

One day he went fishing when he should have been at choir practice. He fell when climbing over a stile and broke his leg. After that he always walked with a limp. While he was in hospital he wrote an anthem "Cast me not away" to words from Psalm 51. When the music gets to the words “the bones which thou hast broken” he set them to strange, crunching chords.

In spite of his awkward behaviour the people in Leeds were sorry when he left. He conducted a performance of the "Messiah" and he was given a portrait of himself.

He went to Winchester Cathedral. At first he got on very well with the clergy. He performed and composed new music. He spent a lot of time collecting and publishing all the anthems he had written. He composed hymn tunes. He persuaded his employers to spend money on improving the organ.

Although he was being paid a good salary (£80 a year) Wesley did less and less work. He performed less and left a lot of the playing to his pupils so that he could go fishing and sailing. He did not like the new precentor who was appointed in 1858. 

In 1863 he composed an anthem "Give the King thy Judgement" for the marriage of the Prince of Wales (the future King Edward VII and Princess Alexandra of Denmark). He did not like Winchester. He said there were no other good musicians to talk to.

When the job of organist at Gloucester Cathedral became available he took it and left Winchester very quicky. Once again he found himself in a cathedral with a bad choir and an organ in a bad state of repair, but this time he seemed to make little effort to do anything about it. He spent a lot of time editing other people’s music. Once more, after a gap of 30 years, he was able to perform in the Three Choirs Festival. He conducted the music of Louis Spohr, his father Samuel Wesley and also some music by the young Hubert Parry who was not yet well-known. When he conducted he often did not think about what he was doing and got muddled. In 1871 he conducted Bach’s St Matthew Passion, the first time it had been performed in England outside London. 

He was offered a knighthood but chose to be given money instead. He started to become ill. He had a kidney disease. The last time he played the organ was at Christmas in 1875. He died on 19th April 1876 and was buried next to his daughter in Devon. There was no music at all at his funeral.

Wesley is remembered for his music composed for the Church of England. He wrote many anthems, including "Thou wilt keep him in perfect peace", "Blessed be the God and Father", "The Wilderness" and "Ascribe unto the Lord". The last two of these are verse anthems (anthem which contrast sections for the full choir with sections for a few soloists). The popular short anthem "Lead me Lord" is part of "Praise the Lord, O my soul".

He wrote a number of organ works. One of his most charming pieces is "Holsworthy Church Bells" (1874). He also wrote chamber and orchestral music.

Wesley had an important influence on organ building. He went to the Great Exhibition in 1851 and saw organs with pedals that, instead of being exactly parallel, spread out at the top like a fan. He liked these radiating pedal boards and persuaded the great organ builder Henry Willis to put pedal boards like that in the organs he built. 

Samuel Sebastian Wesley was a very famous performer and throughout his life he was often asked to play the first concerts on new organs (“inaugural concerts”). His music is still very popular today, and some of his short anthems are not too difficult for the average church choir to sing.


Quickborn

Quickborn is a rich town in the district of Pinneberg, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany. It is about east of Elmshorn, and north from the centre of Hamburg. 

Quickborn is twinned with Uckfield, East Sussex.

Quickborn, Dithmarschen

Quickborn is a municipality in the district of Dithmarschen, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany. 

Iguana

Iguanas are a type of lizard in the genus Iguana that lives in tropical areas of Central and South America and the Caribbean. There are only two species of iguana, the green iguana and the Lesser Antillean iguana.

The two species of lizard both have a dewlap, a row of spines running down their back to their tail, and a third eye on their head. This eye is known as the parietal eye, which looks just like a pale scale on the top of their head. Behind their neck are small scales which look like spikes, and are called tuberculate scales. They also have a large round scale on their cheek called a subtympanic shield. 

Iguanas have excellent vision and can see long distances, shapes, shadows, color and movement. An iguana uses its eyes to navigate through trees and forests, as well as for finding food. They also use their eyes to communicate with members of the same species. An iguana's ear is called a tympanum. It is the iguana's ear drum and is found right above the subtympanic shield and behind the eye. This is a very thin, delicate part of the iguana, and is very important to its hearing.

La bohème

La bohème (pronounced, "La bo-EM") is an Italian opera in four acts. The music was written by Giacomo Puccini. The libretto was written by Luigi Illica and Giuseppe Giacosa.

The opera tells the story of a love affair between a poor poet and an equally poor seamstress in 19th century Paris. The opera is based on a book by Henri Murger called "Scenes from Bohemian Life" (). 
Arturo Toscanini conducted the first performance of "La bohème" on February 1, 1896 at the Teatro Regio in Turin, Italy. The opera was adapted to a movie in 1965 and the 1996 Broadway musical, "Rent".

Henri Murger was born in 1822 to an immigrant German tailor in Paris. He worked as a secretary until 1841 when he became a journalist and joined the poor artists and writers who called themselves Bohemians.

From 1845 to 1848, Murger's stories about Bohemian life in Paris were serialized (published in parts) in a French magazine. The book brought Murger little income. Playwright Théodore Barrière suggested making a play of the book, and Murger accepted. The play appeared in 1849. It was a success.

Almost every chapter of Murger's book mentions an incident or event which found its way into Puccini's opera. However, the love affair between the poet and the seamstress appears only as a little tale in the book about a sculptor named Jacques and a seamstress named Francine.

After the publication of the play, adaptations appeared. In 1877, an operetta was staged in Paris. In 1897, an opera by Ruggero Leoncavallo was staged in Venice. Another play based on the book was performed in New York in 1896. The first movie was released in 1916, and other movies were released in the following years.

Puccini wrote most of "La bohème" at Torre del Lago, a village in Tuscany he had just made his home. Most decisions about the opera were made through letters sent back and forth between Ricordi (Puccini's publisher), the two librettists, and the composer. This arrangement was not the best for getting the work done in a timely manner.

Puccini began toying with the idea of writing another work called "La lupa" ("The She-Wolf"). The librettists were furious. Puccini was dividing his time between two projects while taking them to task for their slowness on the present one. Giacosa complained that he used more paper and time on "La bohéme" that he had on any of his other dramas.

Whole scenes were rewritten, revised, and even discarded before going through the cycle again. Despite the turmoil, Puccini was considering the David Belasco play "Tosca" as yet another project. He briefly interrupted work on "La bohème" to travel to Florence to see Sarah Bernhardt perform the play.

Puccini and Ruggero Leoncavallo (composer of the 1892 opera "I pagliacci") both chose to set Mürger's book to music. Each claimed he was the first to make this decision. Leoncavallo's "La Bohème" was first performed in 1897, the year after Puccini's opera. Leoncavallo's opera never attained the fame that Puccini's did probably because Puccini's opera was gaining a popularity in 1897 that left Leoncavallo's opera in the dust.

"La bohème" was first performed in Turin, Italy on February 1, 1896 at the Teatro Regio. It was conducted by Arturo Toscanini. In 1946, Toscanini conducted a radio performance that was released to LP records and later compact discs. It is the only recording of a Puccini opera by its original conductor.

Within a few years, the opera was performed in theatres throughout Italy including La Scala and La Fenice. The first performance outside of Italy was in Buenos Aires, Argentina in 1896. Other performances followed in the next ten years around the world.

The first performance in United Kingdom took place in Manchester, on 22 April 1897. It was performed by the Carl Rosa Opera Company in English and was supervised by Puccini. On 2 October 1897 the same company gave the opera's first staging at the Royal Opera House in London.

The opera was first performed in the United States by the Carl Rosa Opera Company on October 14, 1897 in Los Angeles, California. It was performed in New York City at Palmo's Opera House on May 16, 1898. The Metropolitan Opera House staged the opera for the first time on December 26, 1900.

"In the four bohemians' attic room"

Act 1 takes place in Paris around 1830. A group of bohemians live in a room in an attic. Marcello is painting while Rodolfo gazes out of the window. They are so poor and so cold that they burn a drama that Rodolfo has written. Colline, the philosopher, comes in shivering and cross because he had not been able to pawn some books. Schaunard, the musician of the group, arrives with food, firewood, wine, cigars, and money. He tells his friends that he has got these things because he has a job with an English gentleman. The others hardly listen as they are so hungry that they try to eat the food. Schaunard interrupts them, taking the meal away, and saying that they will all celebrate his luck by having dinner at Cafe Momus instead.

While they drink the wine, Benoit, the landlord, arrives to collect the rent. The group gives him lots of wine so that he becomes drunk and starts to tell the people his adventures about love. Eventually, the group throws him out. The money that should have been used to pay the rent is divided among them so they can have a good time.

The other Bohemians go out, but Rodolfo stays alone for a moment in order to finish a newspaper article, promising to join his friends soon. There is a knock at the door, and Mimi, a seamstress who lives in a flat below, enters. Her candle has blown out, and she has no matches; she asks Rodolfo to light it. She thanks him, but returns a few seconds later, saying she has lost her key. Both candles go out. It is dark, and the couple try to feel their way about. Rodolfo wants to spend time with Mimi. He finds the key, but puts it in his pocket and does not tell her. In two famous arias (Rodolfo's "Che gelida manina" — "What a cold little hand," and Mimi's "Sì, mi chiamano Mimì" — "Yes, they call me Mimi"), they tell each other about their backgrounds. Rodolfo’s friends call for him to come out and join them. He would prefer to stay there with Mimi but she decides they should go together. They go out, singing about their love for one another.

"Latin Quarter on Christmas Eve"

The streets are crowded with happy people. Rodolfo buys Mimi a bonnet. The friends go into a café. Musetta, who used to be Marcello's sweetheart, comes into the cafe with Alcindoro, a rich old man. She is tired of him. She sings a naughty song, hoping Marcello will notice her.

Marcello becomes mad with jealousy. To be rid of Alcindoro for a bit, Musetta pretends to have a tight shoe and sends him with it to the shoemaker. Musetta and Marcello fall into each other's arms.

The sound of a military parade is heard. Marcello and Colline carry Musetta out on their shoulders while everyone claps. Alcindoro returns with the repaired shoe. The waiter hands him the bill. He is surprised by how much he has to pay, and sinks into a chair.

"At a toll gate a month or two later"

Mimì passes through the toll gate. She is coughing. She finds Marcello, who lives in a little tavern near the gate. She tells him of her hard life with Rodolfo, who has left her that night.

Rodolfo comes out of the tavern looking for Marcello. Mimì hides. She hears Rodolfo telling Marcello why he left her. At first he says Mimì does not love him, but then he says he left her because she is dying of an illness.

Rodolfo is poor and can do little to help Mimì. He hopes that a rich man may fall in love with her and pay for her to have medical treatment. Out of kindness towards Mimì, Marcello tries to stop Rodolfo, but she has already heard everything.

She coughs, and Rodolfo discovers her. They sing of their lost love, and agree that although they should separate, they love one another and agree to stay together until the spring. Marcello and Musetta are heard quarrelling in the background.

"The attic room"

Marcello and Rodolfo are both sad at losing their loved ones. Schaunard and Colline arrive with a tiny bit of food. They pretend they are having a big feast, and they all dance. Musetta arrives with news: Mimi, who had found a rich gentleman, has now left him and is wandering in the streets feeling very ill and weak.

Musetta has brought Mimi back with her to the attic room. Mimi is helped into a chair. Musetta and Marcello leave to sell Musetta's earrings in order to buy medicine, and Colline leaves to pawn his overcoat. Schaunard leaves quietly to give Mimi and Rodolfo time together. Left alone, the two remember their past happiness.

They remember their first meeting. Rodolfo gives Mimi the pink bonnet he bought her, which he has kept as a souvenir of their love. The others return, with a gift of a muff to warm Mimi's hands and some medicine, and tell Rodolfo that a doctor has been called, but it is too late. As Musetta prays, Mimi dies. Rodolfo collapses in tears.

"La bohème" is scored for the standard orchestra of the period:

In 1965, a West German movie version of the opera was released. It was filmed on location in Milan and Munich. The movie was produced by conductor Herbert von Karajan and designed by Franco Ziffirelli. It starred Mirella Freni as Mimi, Adriana Martino as Musetta, Gianni Raimondi as Rudolpho, and Rolando Panerai as Marcello. The movie won the 1966 National Board of Review for Top Foreign Film.


La traviata

La traviata is an Italian opera in three acts by Giuseppe Verdi, libretto by Francesco Maria Piave, after Alexandre Dumas, fils's novel "La dame aux camélias", published in 1848. It was first performed at the Teatro La Fenice in Venice, on March 6, 1853. The title "La traviata" means literally "The Woman Who Strayed", or perhaps more figuratively, "The Fallen One". Although a failure at its premiere, the opera soon established itself and became one of the best-loved and most frequently performed, recorded and filmed of all operas. Notable interpreters of Traviata have included; Maria Callas, Anna Moffo, Renata Scotto, Beverly Sills, amongst many others. 



Dil Se

Dil Se (, , translation: "From the Heart)" is a 1998 Hindi movie. It was directed by Mani Ratnam. The movie was also released in Tamil as Uyire and in Telugu as Prema Tho. It stars Shahrukh Khan, Manisha Koirala, and Preity Zinta. Mani Ratnam also wrote the screenplay for the movie. It was produced by Mani Ratnam and Ram Gopal Varma along with Shekar Kapur.

The movie was shot in Jammu & Kashmir, Assam, Delhi and other parts of India and Bhutan over a period of 55 days. Its cinematography won a National Film Award for cinematographer Santosh Sivan. The movie score and soundtrack were composed by A. R. Rahman. A. R. Rahman received a Filmfare Award for the music. The movie became the first Indian movie to reach the Top 10 in the UK Box Office Charts, when released in 1998.

Journalist Amar falls for a mysterious woman on an assignment, but she does not reciprocate his feelings. However, when Amar is about to get married, the woman shows up at his doorstep asking for help.


The movie has won the following awards since its release:

1999 Berlin International Film Festival (Germany) 

1999 National Film Awards (India) 

1999 Filmfare Awards (India)

The soundtrack features 5 songs composed by A. R. Rahman, with lyrics by Gulzar.

Track listing:

Mani Ratnam

Mani Ratnam () (born June 2, 1956) is a Tamil Indian movie director, writer and producer.

The following is the list of movies directed by Mani Ratnam. For many of these movies, Mani Ratnam is also credited for the story, screenplay and producing:

Mani Ratnam established Madras Talkies for movie production during the shoot of "Iruvar". Mani Ratnam had earlier produced "Thiruda Thiruda" under his personal name. All movies directed by Mani Ratnam subsequent to "Iruvar" have been produced through "Madras Talkies". Apart from production, Mani Ratnam also has written story and screenplay for movies directed by others.


Chris Fehn

Christopher Michael Fehn (born February 24, 1972) was an American musician and percussionist for the band Slipknot. In Slipknot, he was known as #3. He was the joker in Slipknot. He wore a fetish type mask with a long Pinocchio style nose. He is a big fan of sports and is a good golfer.

Brian Jacques

James Brian Jacques (pronounced "Jakes") (15 June 1939 - 5 February 2011) was an English author. He is best known for his "Redwall" series of books, as well as the "Tribes of Redwall" and "Castaways of the Flying Dutchman" series. He also wrote two books of short stories called, "The Ribbajack & Other Curious Yarns" and "Seven Strange and Ghostly Tales".





Cave Story

The island is there is by Mimiga, a race of sentient, sheep-like

Notes

Courtney Love

Courtney Michelle Love (born Courtney Michelle Harrison on July 9, 1964) is an American rock musician and actress. She is best known as lead singer for the now-defunct alternative rock band Hole and as the widow of Nirvana frontman Kurt Cobain, with whom she had a daughter called Frances Bean Cobain. "Rolling Stone" has called Love "the most controversial woman in the history of rock". In the 90s there was a twee band who were called, 'Courtney Love', named after her.

In 1981 Love started Sugar Babydoll. In 1982 she went to a Faith No More concert. She convinced the members to let her join as a singer. She was kicked out of the band because they wanted "male energy". In 1984 she started Pagan Babies.

In 1989 Love began Hole. In 1990 Hole's first single "Retard Girl" was released. The band released its first album "Pretty on the Inside" in 1991. On April 12, 1994 Hole's second album "Live Through This" was released, four days after Love's husband Kurt Cobain was found dead in their home. The album got very good reviews. On September 8, 1998 "Celebrity Skin" was released.

On February 10, 2004 Love released "America's Sweetheart". Hole's last album "Nobody's Daughter" was released on April 27, 2010.

In 2006 she published a memoir, "Dirty Blonde: The Diaries of Courtney Love".

Love sung on "Rat a Tat" on Fall Out Boy's fifth album "Save Rock and Roll", released April 12 2013. She also wrote the song.

Love said that her next album would be released for Christmas 2013 along with "Courtney Love: My Story", a book about her life so far.

In 2014 Love released her first single in ten years, "Know My Name".

Love is a feminist. She is open about having had cosmetic surgery.

Love was married to Kurt Cobain from 1992 until his death in 1994. They have one daughter born in 1992.





Ouest (department)

Ouest (English: "West") is one of the ten departments (French: "départments", singular "départment") of Haiti. Its capital is Port-au-Prince which is also the capital of the country and its largest city.

With an area of 4,827 km², it is the second largest department in Haiti after the Artibonite Department. It has a population of 2,943,200 (2002). The Gonâve Island (French, "Île de la Gonâve") is part of this department.

It is bordered to the northwest by the Artibonite Department, to the northeast by the Centre Department. The Gulf of Gonâve is to the west (and to the north of the southern part of the department). It borders the Dominican Republic to the east.

The department is divided into five "arrondissements":


Sud (department)

Sud (English: "South") is one of the ten departments (French: "départments", singular "départment") of Haiti. Its capital is Les Cayes.

The "Départment du Sud" has an area of 2,794 km². It is bordered to the north by the Grand'Anse and Nippes departments, to the east by the Sud-Est Department and by the Caribbean Sea to the west and south.

The "Massiff de la Hotte", an important Haitian mountain range, runs from west to east along the centre of the department. Because of this, rivers here are short; some of them are Acul du Sud, Torbeck, Ravine du Sud, de l'Ilet, Cavaillon, des Anglais, Port à Piment, Saut Mathurine, de Tiburon.

The department had, in the 2003 census, a population of 621,651 persons: 312,729 men and 308.922 women, with only 109,623 (17.63%) living in cities and towns.

The department is divided into five "arrondissements" (like districts) and 18 "communes" (like municipalities). The "arrondissements" and their "communes" are:

Sud-Est (department)

Sud-Est (English: "South-East") is one of the ten departments (French: "départments", singular "départment") of Haiti. Its capital is Jacmel.

After the Haitian Revolution, the country was divided into only three departments: Nord, Ouest and Sud. The "Sud-Est" department was part of the "Sud" department.

The "Départment du Sud-Est" has an area of 2,023 km². The department is in the Southern Peninsula, also known as the Tiburon Peninsula.

It is bordered to the north by the Ouest Department, to the west by the Sud Department and to the south by the Caribbean Sea. It borders the Dominican Republic to the east.

The "Massif de la Selle" is the main mountain range in the département and it covers almost all the department except for some small valleys near the coast, as the Jacmel valley. The highest mountain of Haiti, "Pic la Selle" (2,680 metres), is in the Massif de la Selle.

Rivers are short and they flow into the Caribbean Sea. The most important river is "La Grande Rivière de Jacmel". Other rivers are "Bainet", "Belle-Anse", "des Côtes-de-Fer", "Gauche", "de la Gosseline", "Marigot" and "Pedernales"; Pedernales marks the border with the Dominican Republic and is common to both countries.

The department had, in the 2003 census, a population of 484,675 persons: 235,187 men and 249,488 women, with 59,642 (12.31%) living in cities and towns. The population density was, in that year, of 240 persons/km².

The department is divided into three "arrondissements" (like districts) and 10 "communes" (like municipalities). The "arrondissements" and their "communes" are:

The main economic activity in the department is agriculture, with many very small farms where different crops are grown. On the mountains, coffee is grown.

Fishing is an important activity along the coast.

Earth Angel

Earth Angel is the name of a 1950s love song by the Penguins. It reached number 1 on the billboard charts in 1954.

Xanten

Xanten ( or "Xantum") () is a historic town in Germany. It is in the Wesel district of the North Rhine-Westphalia state. Xanten is known for the Archaeological Park as well as its medieval picturesque city centre with Xanten Cathedral. About 800,000 tourists visit each year.

Xanten is the only German town whose name begins with "X".

John Lee Hooker

John Lee Hooker (August 22, 1917 – June 21, 2001) was an American blues singer, guitarist, and songwriter born in Coahoma County near Clarksdale, Mississippi.

Hooker was born on August 22, 1917 in Coahoma County near Clarksdale, Mississippi. He was born to William Hooker and Minnie Ramsey and was the youngest of eleven children. He and his siblings were home-schooled and they were only allowed to listen to religious songs. His parents separated in 1921 and his mother married William Moore, a blues singer the next year. Moore introduced Hooker to the guitar. John would later credit Moore for his distinctive playing style.

All through the 1930s, Hooker lived in Memphis where he worked on Beale Street and sometimes performed at house parties. In 1948, he started working at Ford Motor Company.

Hooker's early solo songs were recorded by Bernie Besman. John Lee Hooker rarely played on a standard beat, changing tempos to fit the songs. This made it nearly impossible to add backing tracks. 

Hooker appeared and sang in the 1980 movie "The Blues Brothers". He recorded over 100 albums.

In 1989, he played with Keith Richards, Carlos Santana and Bonnie Raitt to record "The Healer" and won a Grammy Award. Hooker recorded lots of songs with Van Morrison, including "Never Get Out of These Blues Alive", "The Healing Game" and "I Cover the Waterfront".

He fell ill just before a tour of Europe in 2001 and died soon afterwards at the age of 83. The last song Hooker recorded before his death, is "Ali D'Oro".





Son House

Eddie James "Son" House, Jr. (March 21, 1902 – October 19, 1988) was an American blues singer and guitarist.




Mississippi John Hurt

"Mississippi" John Smith Hurt (July 2, 1892, Teoc, Mississippi - November 2, 1966, Grenada, Mississippi) was an American blues singer and guitarist.

Hurt was raised in Avalon. He tought himself playing guitar at the age of nine. While he was working as a sharecropper, he played at local dances and parties. He did his first recording in 1928 for Okeh Records but was not successful. So he worked on as a sharecropper and played on at the local parties.

Two of Hurt's songs were included in the album "The Anthology of American Folk Music" and an Australian found a copy of "Avalon Blues". So the interest in finding John Hurt himself increased. In 1963 Tom Hoskins found him in Avalon and found out that his musical skill was still intact. He brought him to Washington, D. C. He started playing at greater festivals like the 1964 Newport Folk Festival. In his later years he often played in colleges, concert halls, coffee houses and also on the Tonight Show with Johnny Carson. He also recorded three albums for Vanguard Records and recorded most of his songs for the Library of Congress.

Hurt influenced different music genres like blues, country, bluegrass, folk and contemporary rock and roll. 
Hurt died on November 2, 1966 from a heart attack in Grenada, Mississippi.

Last Sessions - 1966 (Vanguard)

Mississippi John Hurt 1928 Sessions (Yazoo 1065, Yazoo Records)

Worried Blues (Piedmont PLP 13161, Piedmont Records)
Mississippi John Hurt Today (VSD-79220, Vanguard Records)
Mississippi John Hurt Last Sessions (VSD-79327, Vanguard Records)
The Best of Mississippi John Hurt (VSD-19/20, Vanguard Records) 
Recorded live at Oberlin College April 15, 1966

The Candy Man (QS 5042, Quicksilver Records) 
Volume One of a Legacy (CLPS 1068, Piedmont Records) 
Folk Songs and Blues (PLP 13757, Piedmont Records) 

Biopsy

A biopsy is a test in medicine where doctors remove cells and look at them closely under a microscope or do chemical analysis to see whether there is an illness.

"Biopsy" is a Greek word, from the Greek words bio meaning "life" and opsia meaning see.

Jake Gyllenhaal

Jacob Benjamin Gyllenhaal (born December 19, 1980) is an Academy Award-nominated American actor. He has appeared in diverse roles since his first lead role in 1999's "October Sky", followed by the 2001 cult hit "Donnie Darko", in which he played a psychologically troubled teen and onscreen brother to his real-life sister, actress Maggie Gyllenhaal. In the 2004 blockbuster "The Day After Tomorrow" he portrayed a student caught in a cataclysmic global cooling event, alongside Dennis Quaid as his father. He then played against type as a frustrated Marine in "Jarhead" (2005). The same year, he won critical acclaim portraying a role that entered popular shorthand as a "gay cowboy" in the controversial but highly acclaimed film "Brokeback Mountain".

His mother is screenwriter Naomi Foner. His father is director Stephen Gyllenhaal, who was raised as a Swedenborgian, is of Swedish and English descent, and is a descendant of the Swedish noble Gyllenhaal family. Jake's last ancestor to be born in Sweden was his great-great-grandfather, Anders Leonard Gyllenhaal. Jake's mother is Jewish; she was born in New York City, to a family from Russia and Poland. Gyllenhaal has said that he considers himself Jewish. Gyllenhaal began acting at 11 years old.


Achern

Achern () is a city in Western Baden-Württemberg, Germany. It is about southwest of Baden-Baden and northeast of Offenburg. Achern is the fourth largest city in the county of Ortenau (Ortenaukreis), after Offenburg, Lahr / Black Forest and Kehl.

Adelsheim

Adelsheim is a small town in northern Baden-Württemberg, about 30 km north of Heilbronn. The state-recognized resort of Adelsheim in the Neckar-Odenwald-Kreis is 1,200-year years old.

Aichtal

Aichtal (Swabian: "Oechtal") is a town in the district of Esslingen, in Baden-Württemberg, Germany. It is 18 km south of Stuttgart.

Albstadt

Albstadt [] is a city in the district of Zollernalbkreis in Baden-Württemberg, Germany. It is in the Swabian Alb mountains, about halfway between Stuttgart and Lake Constance. Albstadt is the largest city in the district.

Albstadt was damaged by a 6.1 magnitude earthquake in 1911, which was the second most powerful earthquake recorded in Germany (after the 1756 Düren earthquake), a 5.6 magnitude earthquake in 1943, and a 5.7 magnitude earthquake in 1978, which was the costliest in Germany at 275 million Deutsche Mark. During World War II, Albstadt was also damaged by an air raid by the Allies on July 11, 1944, which killed 65 people, and another one on February 20, 1945, which killed 19 people.

Alpirsbach

Alpirsbach is a town in the district of Freudenstadt, Baden-Württemberg, Germany. It is in the Black Forest on the Kinzig river, 13 km south of Freudenstadt.

Alpirsbach is twinned with the French commune of Neuville-sur-Saône.


Altensteig

Altensteig is a town in the district of Calw of Baden-Württemberg, Germany. It is in the eastern Black Forest, 18 km southwest of Calw, and 19 km northeast of Freudenstadt.

Asperg

Asperg is a town in the district of Ludwigsburg, Baden-Württemberg, Germany. It is 15 km north of Stuttgart, and 4 km west of Ludwigsburg. The Hohenasperg fortress is in Asperg.

Aulendorf

Aulendorf is a town in the district of Ravensburg, in Baden-Württemberg, Germany. It is southwest of Biberach an der Riß and north of Ravensburg.

Ruby

A ruby is a kind of precious stone. It is often associated with emerald, sapphire and topaz. It is usually red, but can sometimes be other colors. It is formed of aluminum and oxygen (AlO), and that means it's a kind of corundum. A small amount of chromium makes the color. They are the most popular red gemstone, and is aften linked with the birthmonth of July.

Scramjet

A scramjet (supersonic combustion ramjet) is a special type of ramjet jet engine where fuel combustion takes place while the air in the engine is moving faster than the speed of sound. In a ramjet, air is slowed to subsonic (slower than the speed of sound) speeds before fuel is burned. Unlike ramjets, scramjets do not use shock cones to compress incoming air; instead, shock waves from inside the engine compress the air by slowing it down very quickly. This means that scramjets can operate very efficiently at extremely high speeds. However, a scramjet relies on the aircraft moving much faster than the speed of sound in order to work; scramjets do not work at subsonic, or even low supersonic, speeds.

As of November 2022, scramjets are still experimental. This means that they have not been used on commercial airliners or in active military scenarios. Successful scramjet tests have been conducted, however.



Pulse jet engine

A pulse jet engine is a very simple form of the internal combustion engine where the combustion happens in pulses. The propulsive effort is a jet that is a reaction to the backward flow of hot gasses.

Stronger (song)

"Stronger" is a 2007 song by rapper Kanye West. It won a Grammy Award for Best Rap Solo Performance. The song samples French electronic music duo Daft Punk's Harder, Better, Faster, Stronger.

Good Eats

Good Eats was an American television series shown on the Food Network from 1999 until 2011. It aired on the Cooking Channel in 2011 and 2012. It was created and hosted by Alton Brown. "Good Eats" was like shows with science teachers Mr. Wizard and Bill Nye. Brown shows the science and technique behind the cooking, the history of different foods, and the good parts of different kinds of cooking equipment. The show focuses on familiar food that can easily be made at home. It talks about picking the right tools, and getting the most out of cheap tools that can be used for different things. Each episode of "Good Eats" has its own theme. Usually an ingredient or a cooking technique. It may also be a more general theme such as Thanksgiving. In the tenth anniversary episode, Alton Brown stated that the show was inspired by the idea of mixing Julia Child, Mr. Wizard, and Monty Python. 

On May 11, 2011, Alton Brown confirmed that the series would come to an end, ceasing production at episode 249. 


Fame (David Bowie song)

Fame is a song by David Bowie. It was written by David Bowie and John Lennon of The Beatles. The song combined funk and rock music. The song was released August 18, 1975. It was on Bowie's "Young Americans" album. The song reached the number 1 position on the US Billboard Top 100 in September 1975. 

The song has been sung by many other famous singers and bands. These include:

Chiyoda, Tokyo

The municipality calls itself "Chiyoda City" in English.

During the Edo period, most of the people living in this area were samurai.

Chiyoda developed around the Imperial Palace. The Imperial Palace area occupies about one sixth of the area of Chiyoda. There was previously another castle here during the Edo period, but it was destroyed.

On March 15, 1947, the ward of Chiyoda was formed by combining the wards of Kanda and Kōjimachi.

The Diet of Japan, the Supreme court of Japan and home of the Prime Minister of Japan are all in Chiyoda.

Chiyoda is in the center of Tokyo. It borders Chūō and Minato on the south. Shinjuku is on the ward's western border. Bunkyō and Taitō is on the northern border.

The ward has an area of . The Imperial Palace covers about 12 percent of this area.

In Chiyoda is the hub of the Shinkansen high-speed train network, Tokyo Station.



Pianola

The pianola (pronounce: "pee-ah-NO-la"), also called the player piano, is a piano which has a pneumatic mechanism so that it can play by itself. The air for this system came from a pump operated by the player's feet, and in some later models, an electric pump. Inside the piano are paper rolls which have holes punched in them. These holes release air which in turn triggers the keys to play. When the pianola plays itself the keys of the piano can be seen "playing themselves".

The pianola was developed around the 1880s. It was fitted with control levers so that the player ("player pianist" or "pianolist") could play in the way he wanted. The pianola made it possible for the player to sound as if he was playing very difficult music that he was not capable of playing. At the same time he could control the performance.

The pianola became popular in the late 19th and early 20th century as mass-produced pianos became popular in people's homes and more and more people bought sheet music. By the 1920s it started to become less popular again as the gramophone had been invented.

A pianola is the same as any other piano except it is fitted with a pneumatic player action, which plays paper rolls. This mechanism consists of about one hundred bellows, large and small, the smaller ones being called pneumatics of which there are 88, one for each note on the piano.The largest are the foot operated ones,called the bellows. Other pneumatics of varying sizes operate the roll motor, tracking device, motor speed governor, and the sustain and soft pedals.

Sewing machine

A sewing machine is used to stitch fabric together with thread. Sewing machines were an invention of the industrial revolution that made it possible to sew faster than people could sew by hand. Some sewing machines are also used for embroidery. Since the invention of the first working sewing machine, generally considered to have been the work of Englishman Thomas Saint in 1790, the sewing machine has greatly improved the efficiency and productivity of the clothing industry.

Home sewing machines are designed for one person to sew individual items while using a single stitch type. In a modern sewing machine the fabric easily glides in and out of the machine without the inconvenience of needles and thimbles and other such tools used in hand sewing, automating the process of stitching and saving time.

Industrial sewing machines, by contrast to domestic machines, are larger, faster, and more varied in their size, cost, appearance, and task.

Charles Fredrick Wiesenthal, a German-born engineer working in England was awarded the first British patent for a mechanical device to aid the art of sewing, in 1755. His invention consisted of a double pointed needle with an eye at one end.

In 1790, the English inventor Thomas Saint invented the first sewing machine design, but he did not successfully advertise or market his invention. His machine was meant to be used on leather and canvas material. It is likely that Saint had a working model but there is no evidence of one; he was a skilled cabinet maker and his device included many practically functional features: an overhanging arm, a feed mechanism (adequate for short lengths of leather), a vertical needle bar, and a looper.

His sewing machine used the chain stitch method, in which the machine uses a single thread to make simple stitches in the fabric. A stitching awl would pierce the material and a forked point rod would carry the thread through the hole where it would be hooked underneath and moved to the next stitching place, where the cycle would be repeated, locking the stitch. Saint's machine was designed to aid the manufacture of various leather goods, including saddles and bridles, but it was also capable of working with canvas, and was used for sewing ship sails. Although his machine was very advanced for the era, the concept would need steady improvement over the coming decades before it could become a practical proposition. In 1874, a sewing machine manufacturer, William Newton Wilson, found Saint's drawings in the London Patent Office, made adjustments to the looper, and built a working machine, currently owned by the London Science Museum.

In 1804, a sewing machine was built by the Englishmen Thomas Stone and James Henderson, and a machine for embroidering was constructed by John Duncan in Scotland. An Austrian tailor, Josef Madersperger, began developing his first sewing machine in 1807. He presented his first working machine in 1814.

The first practical and widely used sewing machine was invented by Barthélemy Thimonnier, a French tailor, in 1829. His machine sewed straight seams using chain stitch like Saint's model, and in 1830, he signed a contract with Auguste Ferrand, a mining engineer, who made the requisite drawings and submitted a patent application. The patent for his machine was issued on 17 July 1830, and in the same year, he opened (with partners) the first machine-based clothing manufacturing company in the world to create army uniforms for the French Army. However, the factory was burned down, reportedly by workers fearful of losing their livelihood following the issuing of the patent.

A model of the machine is exhibited at the London Science Museum. The machine is made of wood and uses a barbed needle which passes downward through the cloth to grab the thread and pull it up to form a loop to be locked by the next loop. The first American lockstitch sewing machine was invented by Walter Hunt in 1832. His machine used an eye-pointed needle (with the eye and the point on the same end) carrying the upper thread and a falling shuttle carrying the lower thread. The curved needle moved through the fabric horizontally, leaving the loop as it withdrew. The shuttle passed through the loop, interlocking the thread. The feed let the machine down, requiring the machine to be stopped frequently and reset up. Hunt eventually lost interest in his machine and sold individual machines without bothering to patent his invention, and only patenting it at a late date of 1854. In 1842, John Greenough patented the first sewing machine in the United States. The British partners Newton and Archibold introduced the eye-pointed needle and the use of two pressing surfaces to keep the pieces of fabric in position, in 1841.

The first machine to combine all the disparate elements of the previous half-century of innovation into the modern sewing machine was the device built by English inventor John Fisher in 1844, thus a little earlier than the very similar machines built by the infamous Isaac Merritt Singer in 1851, and the lesser known Elias Howe, in 1845. However, due to the botched filing of Fisher's patent at the Patent Office, he did not receive due recognition for the modern sewing machine in the legal disputations of priority with Singer, and it was Singer who won the benefits of the patent.

Elias Howe, born in Spencer, Massachusetts, created his sewing machine in 1845, using a similar method to Fisher's except that the fabric was held vertically. An important improvement on his machine was to have the needle running away from the point, starting from the eye. After a lengthy stay in England trying to attract interest in his machine, he returned to America to find various people infringing his patent, among them Isaac Merritt Singer. He eventually won a case for patent infringement in 1854, and was awarded the right to claim royalties from the manufacturers using ideas covered by his patent, including Singer.

Singer had seen a rotary sewing machine being repaired in a Boston shop. As an engineer, he thought it was clumsy and decided to design a better one. The machine he devised used a falling shuttle instead of a rotary one; the needle was mounted vertically and included a presser foot to hold the cloth in place. It had a fixed arm to hold the needle and included a basic tension system. This machine combined elements of Thimonnier, Hunt and Howe's machines. Singer was granted an American patent in 1851, and it was suggested he patent the foot pedal or treadle, used to power some of his machines; unfortunately, the foot pedal had been in use too long for a patent to be issued. When Howe learned of Singer's machine he took him to court, where Howe won and Singer was forced to pay a lump sum for all machines already produced. Singer then took out a license under Howe's patent and paid him $1.15 per machine before entering into a joint partnership with a lawyer named Edward Clark. They created the first hire-purchase arrangement to allow people to buy their machines through payments over time.

Meanwhile, Allen B. Wilson developed a shuttle that reciprocated in a short arc, which was an improvement over Singer and Howe's. However, John Bradshaw had patented a similar device and threatened to sue, so Wilson decided to try a new method. He went into partnership with Nathaniel Wheeler to produce a machine with a rotary hook instead of a shuttle. This was far quieter and smoother than other methods, with the result that the Wheeler & Wilson Company produced more machines in the 1850s and 1860s than any other manufacturer. Wilson also invented the four-motion feed mechanism that is still seen on every sewing machine today. This had a forward, down, back and up motion, which drew the cloth through in an even and smooth motion. Charles Miller patented the first machine to stitch buttonholes. Throughout the 1850s more and more companies were being formed, each trying to sue the others for patent infringement. This triggered a patent thicket known as the Sewing Machine War.

In 1856, the Sewing Machine Combination was formed, consisting of Singer, Howe, Wheeler, Wilson, Grover and Baker. These four companies pooled their patents, with the result that all other manufacturers had to obtain a license and pay $15 per machine. This lasted until 1877, when the last patent expired. James Edward Allen Gibbs (1829–1902), a farmer from Raphine in Rockbridge County, Virginia patented the first chain stitch single-thread sewing machine on June 2, 1857. In partnership with James Willcox, Gibbs became a principal partner in Willcox & Gibbs Sewing Machine Company.

Willcox & Gibbs commercial sewing machines are still used in the 21st century.

Elias Howe, born in Spencer, Massachusetts, created his sewing machine in 1845, using a similar method to Fisher's except that the fabric was held vertically. An important improvement on his machine was to have the needle running away from the point, starting from the eye. After a lengthy stay in England trying to attract interest in his machine, he returned to America to find various people infringing his patent, among them Isaac Merritt Singer. He eventually won a case for patent infringement in 1854, and was awarded the right to claim royalties from the manufacturers using ideas covered by his patent, including Singer.

Singer had seen a rotary sewing machine being repaired in a Boston shop. As an engineer, he thought it was clumsy and decided to design a better one. The machine he devised used a falling shuttle instead of a rotary one; the needle was mounted vertically and included a presser foot to hold the cloth in place. It had a fixed arm to hold the needle and included a basic tension system. This machine combined elements of Thimonnier, Hunt and Howe's machines. Singer was granted an American patent in 1851, and it was suggested he patent the foot pedal or treadle, used to power some of his machines; unfortunately, the foot pedal had been in use too long for a patent to be issued. When Howe learned of Singer's machine he took him to court, where Howe won and Singer was forced to pay a lump sum for all machines already produced. Singer then took out a license under Howe's patent and paid him $1.15 per machine before entering into a joint partnership with a lawyer named Edward Clark. They created the first hire-purchase arrangement to allow people to buy their machines through payments over time.

Meanwhile, Allen B. Wilson developed a shuttle that reciprocated in a short arc, which was an improvement over Singer and Howe's. However, John Bradshaw had patented a similar device and threatened to sue, so Wilson decided to try a new method. He went into partnership with Nathaniel Wheeler to produce a machine with a rotary hook instead of a shuttle. This was far quieter and smoother than other methods, with the result that the Wheeler & Wilson Company produced more machines in the 1850s and 1860s than any other manufacturer. Wilson also invented the four-motion feed mechanism that is still seen on every sewing machine today. This had a forward, down, back and up motion, which drew the cloth through in an even and smooth motion. Charles Miller patented the first machine to stitch buttonholes. Throughout the 1850s more and more companies were being formed, each trying to sue the others for patent infringement. This triggered a patent thicket known as the Sewing Machine War.

In 1856, the Sewing Machine Combination was formed, consisting of Singer, Howe, Wheeler, Wilson, Grover and Baker. These four companies pooled their patents, with the result that all other manufacturers had to obtain a license and pay $15 per machine. This lasted until 1877, when the last patent expired. James Edward Allen Gibbs (1829–1902), a farmer from Raphine in Rockbridge County, Virginia patented the first chain stitch single-thread sewing machine on June 2, 1857. In partnership with James Willcox, Gibbs became a principal partner in Willcox & Gibbs Sewing Machine Company.

Willcox & Gibbs commercial sewing machines are still used in the 21st century.

Clothing manufacturers were the first sewing machine customers, and used them to produce the first ready-to-wear clothing and shoes. In the 1860s consumers began purchasing them, and the machines—ranging in price from £6 to £15 in Britain depending on features—became very common in middle-class homes. Owners were much more likely to spend free time with their machines to make and mend clothing for their families than to visit friends, and women's magazines and household guides such as "Mrs Beeton's" offered dress patterns and instructions. A sewing machine could produce a man's shirt in about one hour, compared to 14 1/2 hours by hand.

In 1877 the world's first crochet machine was invented and patented by Joseph M. Merrow, then-president of what had started in the 1840s as a machine shop to develop specialized machinery for the knitting operations. This crochet machine was the first production overlock sewing machine. The Merrow Machine Company went on to become one of the largest American Manufacturers of overlock sewing machines, and continues to be a global presence in the 21st century as the last American over-lock sewing machine manufacturer.

In 1885 Singer patented the Singer Vibrating Shuttle sewing machine, which used Allen B. Wilson's idea for a vibrating shuttle and was a better lockstitcher than the oscillating shuttles of the time. Millions of the machines, perhaps the world's first really practical sewing machine for domestic use, were produced until finally superseded by rotary shuttle machines in the 20th century. Sewing machines continued being made to roughly the same design, with more lavish decoration appearing until well into the 1900s.

The first electric machines were developed by Singer Sewing Co. and introduced in 1889. By the end of the First World War, Singer was offering hand, treadle and electric machines for sale. At first the electric machines were standard machines with a motor strapped on the side, but as more homes gained power, they became more popular and the motor was gradually introduced into the casing.

Jan Pieterszoon Sweelinck

Jan Pieterszoon Sweelinck (May 1562 in Deventer - 16 October 1621) was a Dutch composer and organist. Sweelinck (pronounce: ZVAY-link) lived at the end of the Renaissance and beginning of the Baroque periods. He was one of the greatest organists and composers of his day. He was the organist at the Oude Kerk (“Old Church”) in Amsterdam for 44 years. Many musicians travelled a long way to Amsterdam to hear him improvise at the organ. He composed music for the organ and harpsichord as well as vocal music.

Hundred Years' War

The Hundred Years' War was fought between France and England during the late Middle Ages from 1337 to 1453.

The war lasted 116 years and started because Charles IV of France died in 1328 without an immediate male heir (a son or a younger brother). Edward III of England believed that he then had the right to become the new king of France through his mother, who made him the king's nephew.

Since the French did not want a foreign king, Philip VI of France, king's cousin, said that he was king because the Salic law prevented French women from ruling or transmitting the right to rule to their sons. Both countries went to war because the English did not have that rule.

When the war started, France was stronger than England as it was wealthier. French knights and heavy cavalry also enjoyed a great military reputation in all of Christendom. Also, France had about 17 million people, but England had only about 4 million people. However, France was a decentralised feudal monarchy in the middle ages and so it was less unified than England. France had an alliance with Scotland and Bohemia, and England was supported by parts of the Low Countries and by some regions in France loyal to the Plantagenet kings of England.

The English won a major victory at sea in the Battle of Sluys in 1340, which prevented France from invading England. Most of the rest of the war was fought in France. England then won an overwhelming victory at the Battle of Crécy in 1346 against all odds. The use of the English longbow and stakes to counter the French cavalry played a decisive role in that victory.

From 1348 to 1356, there was very little fighting because the Black Death killed many people in England and even more people in France. Edward, the Black Prince, then won a brilliant victory at the Battle of Poitiers for England. King John II of France was captured during the battle. The English invaded France again but were not able to take any more cities. A truce in 1360 gave England about one quarter of France. The first part of the Hundred Years' War is called the Edwardian War.

The war started again in 1369. The new king Charles V of France was more successful, with Bertrand du Guesclin as his best knight. France allied with Castile against England and Portugal, and some of the fighting spilled into Spain and Portugal. France won back most of the land that had been given to England, and Bertrand du Guesclin won great French victories at the Battles of Cocherel and of Pontvallain. A peace followed from 1389 to 1415. The second part of the war is called the Caroline War.

The most famous part of the war began in 1415, when Henry V of England invaded France and won the infamous Battle of Agincourt, again because of his great longbowmen. Much of the French nobility is said to have been killed in the battle. King Charles VI of France was insane and unable to rule, and nearly all of his sons died young.

The queen of France, Isabeau of Bavaria, married one of her daughters, Margaret of Anjou , to Henry V and signed the Treaty of Troyes to make Henry V the next king of France. Both Henry V and Charles VI died around the same time in 1422. The English believed that Henry V's son, Henry VI of England, was now the rightful king of France, and many French people agreed. 

Charles VI's last son, Charles VII of France, said that he ought to be the new king, but many French people said that he did not deserve to be king because they thought he was a bastard.

The English continued to capture land in France and formed an alliance with Burgundy. They won another major victory at the Battle of Verneuil, but in 1429, Joan of Arc led the French to success at the Siege of Orleans. At the Battle of Patay the same year, French knights, led by La Hire, won a great victory, and the heavy cavalry killed most of the veteran English longbowmen. Joan regained many cities in northeastern France and brought Charles VII to his coronation, but she did not recover Paris.

She was captured by the Burgundians in 1430, convicted of heresy, and burned at the stake in 1431. After her death, the French continued to take back their territory piece by piece. France won diplomatically in 1435 with the Treaty of Arras, which made Burgundy stop being an English ally and make peace with the French. In 1450, France won another great victory at the Battle of Formigny and reconquered Normandy.

The war ended in 1453 by a crushing victory of the French at the Battle of Castillon in which nearly 300 cannons, made by Jean Bureau and his brother Gaspard, were used for the first time in a battle. The third and last part of the war is called the Lancastrian War.



Isabeau of Bavaria

Isabeau of Bavaria (c. 1371 – September 24, 1435) was queen of France and wife of Charles VI of France. She married on July 17, 1385 and played an important role in running the country when her husband developed insanity. She was very unpopular and the country was losing the Hundred Years' War during this time.

Cockroach

The cockroach is an insect of the suborder Blattaria of the order Blattodea. There are 4,000 species. About 30 species invade human homes. This is less than 1% of all the cockroach species. Four species are pests. 

The families of Mantodea, Isoptera, and Blattaria are usually combined by entomologists into a larger group called Dictyoptera. Current evidence strongly suggests that termites have evolved directly from true cockroaches, and many authors now consider termites to be in the family of cockroaches.

Historically, the name Blattaria has been used largely interchangeably with the name Blattodea. Blattodea refers to a larger group that includes fossil groups related to roaches, but not true cockroaches themselves. These earliest cockroach-like fossils ("Blattopterans" or "roachids") are from the Carboniferous period between 354–295 million years ago. However, these fossils differ from modern cockroaches in having long ovipositors and are the ancestors of mantis as well as modern cockroaches. The first fossils of modern cockroaches with internal ovipositors appear in the Lower Cretaceous.
A proposed phylogeny of the families is shown in the diagram.

Cockroaches in the broader sense (Blattodea) have existed a very long time. The earliest cockroach fossils are 354–295 million years old. Science student, Cary Easterday, found a giant 300 million year old fossil cockroach long, in a coal mine in Ohio.

Most cockroaches are omnivores. They are tough, and hard to kill. A cockroach can live for two weeks without a head.

Cockroaches become adults in 3-4 months and can live up to one year. A female German cockroach can produce 8 egg cases in her lifetime and each egg case may contain 30-40 eggs.

Cockroaches are eaten as snacks and used for medicine in China.

The 1996 MTV musical movie "Joe's Apartment" had 5,000 singing cockroaches. Some parts of the movie were made with clay roaches and some with real roaches.

In the 1996 computer game "Bad Mojo", the main character is turned into a cockroach and must move through a building to get back to his human body.

Anti-Armenian sentiment

Anti-Armenianism is hostility toward or prejudice against Armenian people, Armenian culture and the Republic of Armenia, which can range in expression from individual hatred to institutionalized persecution. Several organizations have stated that difficulties currently experienced by the Armenian minority in Turkey are a result of an anti-Armenian attitude by the Turkish government as well as by ultra-nationalist groups such as the Grey Wolves.

Modern anti-Armenianism often seems to lacks a racial and cultural basis and appears to be based more on geopolitics and history, in addition to diplomatic and strategic interests, involving the modern states of Turkey and Azerbaijan. The controversy and emotions surrounding the Armenian Genocide and Nagorno-Karabakh are two examples of intense anti-Armenianism in both countries. Modern Anti-Armenianism is usually associated with either extreme opposition to the actions or existence of the Armenian Republic, and belief in an Armenian conspiracy.

For several months in 1994, Ahmet Coşar going by the alias of Serdar Argic posted thousands of messages, claiming that the Armenian Genocide did not happen or that Armenians massacred Turks, on Usenet newsgroup threads mentioning the word Turkey. Samuel Weems published the book "Armenia: The Secrets of a "Christian" Terrorist State" where he has made such claims as the "number one export of Armenia is terrorism" and that there was no Armenian Genocide. American historian Justin McCarthy is known for his controversial support of Turkey's denial of the Armenian Genocide. Azeri cartoonist "Kerim Kerimov Mammadhan" has produced around 4500 Anti-Armenian cartoons, most of which depict crude caricatures of Armenians. His cartoons are often included with the phrase “Terrorism, narkomania, and armenism are the same disease”. His works also often mocks the Armenian Genocide and its recognition by foreign countries, especially countries in Europe. Murad Gumen is another individual who espouses anti-Armenian rhetoric in his website "Tall Armenian Tale". Barbaros Agri uses the social networking site Facebook to advocate anti-Armenianism by being the creator of "The Biggest Lie Ever Told: The Armenian Genocide". The cause has 5000 plus members.


Istanbul pogrom

The Istanbul Pogrom was a pogrom directed primarily against the Istanbul's Greek minority on September 6 and 7, 1955. Jews and Armenians living in the city and their businesses were also targeted in the pogrom, which was, according to some circles, orchestrated by the Turkish government.

A Turkish mob, most of which was trucked into the city in advance, assaulted Istanbul’s Greek community for nine hours. Although the leaders of the pogrom did not explicitly call for Greeks to be killed, between 13 and 16 Greeks (including two Orthodox clerics) and at least one Armenian died during or after the pogrom as a result of beatings and arson.

Thirty-two Greeks were severely wounded. In addition, dozens of Greek women were raped, and a number of men were forcibly circumcised by the mob. 4,348 Greek-owned businesses, 110 hotels, 27 pharmacies, 23 schools, 21 factories, 73 churches and over a thousand Greek-owned homes were badly damaged or destroyed.

Estimates of the economic cost of the damage vary from Turkish government's estimate of 24.8 million US$, the British diplomat estimates of 100 million GBP (about 200 million US$), the World Council of Churches’ estimate of 150 million USD, and the Greek government's estimate of 500 million US$.

The pogrom greatly accelerated emigration of ethnic Greeks from the Istanbul region, reducing the 200,000-strong Greek minority in 1924 to just 2,500 in 2006.



Gossip Girl

Gossip Girl is an American television teen drama based on the popular novel series of the same title written by Cecily von Ziegesar. "Gossip Girl" revolves around the lives of a group of rich teenagers grown up on New York's Upper East Side as they attend private school while dealing with typical teenage adolescent issues such as sex and drugs.

The series begins with Serena van der Woodsen' returning from a half-year at boarding school in Cornwall. "Gossip Girl" is the name of an anonymous blogger, who knows everything in Upper East Side but nobody knows who she is. Gossip Girl is voiced by nourah



Lene Alexandra

Lene Alexandra Øien (born October 29, 1981 in Trøgstad, Norway) is a Norwegian singer and model for FHM magazine, as well as for Norwegian lad's mags Lek and Cats. She began her musical career in 2007 at age 25 when she released her first single entitled "My Boobs Are OK.

Backnang

Backnang is a town in Germany, in the Bundesland of Baden-Württemberg (formerly the kingdom of Württemberg), northeast of Stuttgart. Its population has grown over the past century or so, from 7,650 (1900) to 35,761 (2005).

Backnang's twin towns include:


Bad Buchau

Bad Buchau is a small town in the district of Biberach, Baden-Württemberg, Germany. About 4,000 people live there. 

It is near Lake Federsee, which is separated from the town by a wide reed belt.

Bad Dürrheim

Bad Dürrheim is a town in the district of Schwarzwald-Baar, in Baden-Württemberg, Germany. It is north of Donaueschingen, and southeast of Villingen.


Bad Friedrichshall

Bad Friedrichshall is a small townin the district of Heilbronn, Baden-Württemberg, Germany. It has about 18,000 inhabitants.

Bad Friedrichshall is at the confluence of the Neckar and the Kocher, north of Heilbronn. 

Bad Friedrichshall is famous for its salt-mine.

Postal codes in Germany

Postal codes in Germany, (PLZ) (plural Postleitzahlen), have five numbers. The first two show the wide area, the three other show the postal district.

The present system was introduced on 1 July 1993. Before reunification, both the Federal Republic of Germany (FRG) and the German Democratic Republic (DDR) used four-digit codes.

There was a temporary system after reunification. Between 1989 and 1993 postal codes in the west started with "W", eg "W-1000 Berlin 30" (postal districts in western cities were separate from the postal code) and those in the east with "O" (for "Ost"), e.g.: "O-1234 Berlin".

Companies that posted a lot of letters, have their own postal codes, separate from those used for postal districts or PO Box number ranges.

Postal regions do not always follow state borders. This is because sometimes it is easier to deliver mail to a place on the border from the other state.

The postal regions and some postal codes are:









The rest under 04931 are outside Brandenburg







Codes 21450-21499 are in Schleswig Holstein







The rest are in Saxony





Some codes in this range are in Thuringia.


The rest are in Saxony


This list is incomplete.

The rest are in Saxony
The rest are in Saxony
The rest of the 07s are in Saxony

















The rest are in Rhineland-Palatinate






The rest are in North Rhine-Westphalia

The rest are in Saarland

Others beginning with 65 are in Hesse





























Blizzard Entertainment

Blizzard Entertainment is an American video game maker and publisher. The company headquarters is in Irvine, California. The company makes the "Diablo", "Overwatch", "StarCraft", and "Warcraft" games. 

9-9-9

9-9-9 or 999 (said nine-nine-nine) is the emergency telephone number for the emergency services in the United Kingdom and Ireland.

The police, fire & rescue, ambulance/paramedics, mountain rescuing, coast guard and cave rescuing, and services for deactivating and getting rid of bombs can be reached by calling 9-9-9.

999 is also the emergency medical number in Poland.

1-1-2 can also be used to call these services. 1-1-2 is the European Union-wide emergency number, and the number used by all GSM mobile telephones throughout the world.

Calling 911, North America's emergency number, will automatically redirect to 999.


Bad Herrenalb

Bad Herrenalb is a small town in the district of Calw, in Baden-Württemberg, Germany. 

Bad Herrenalb is in the northern Black Forest, east of Baden-Baden, and southwest of Pforzheim.

Bad Krozingen

Bad Krozingen is a spa town in the district Breisgau-Hochschwarzwald, in Baden-Württemberg, Germany. It is southwest of Freiburg.


Blue Man Group

The Blue Man Group is a performing arts group. It was formed in 1987 in New York City. The members paint themselves in blue, wear black clothes and wear caps that make their heads look bald. The band plays rock music and is very entertaining and humorous. Families of all ages can enjoy their performances. Also, they have appeared in several commercials.


Shane McMahon

Shane Brandon McMahon (born January 15, 1970) is the son of the co-founder of WWE, Vince McMahon. Shane used to work for the company as the Executive Vice President of Global Media and sometimes competes as a wrestler. He is also the founder and executive chairman of Ideanomics.




Plateau

A plateau is an area of raised land that is flat on top. 

The biggest and tallest plateau in the world is the Tibetan Plateau. A plateau with a lot of erosion is called a disconnected plateau. A plateau that is also a volcano is called a volcanic plateau. Some plateaus are under the ocean, like the Seychelles plateau or the Ontong Java Plateau. Plateaus are often by themselves with no other plateaus around, sometimes standing on top of mountains. Plateaus can be of three types: Tectonic Plateaus, Residual Plateaus and Volcanic Plateaus. 

The plural of 'plateau' is "plateaux", or "plateaus".

Cervical cancer

Cervical cancer is cancer of the cervix (a part of the female body between the vagina and the uterus). It is caused by a virus called human papillomavirus (HPV). This virus can also cause certain other cancers, in both females and males. The virus can spread from one person to another when they have sex. It can also be spread by skin-to-skin sexual touching. There is now a vaccine that can prevent cervical cancer by stopping infection by this virus. Both girls and boys should get the HPV vaccine. The International Agency for Research on Cancer says, "Cervical cancer may be eliminated as a public health problem by vaccination against human papillomavirus." 

Worldwide, cervical cancer is the fourth-most common cancer in women. Worldwide, it is also the fourth-most common cause of deaths from cancer in women. In the United States, in 2023, it was the fifteenth most-common cause of deaths from cancer in women. In countries such as the United States, many women get checked regularly by a doctor. Doctors can usually stop cervical cancer from developing if a test finds a problem starting. Women in poor or developing countries often do not get tested due to the cost and the lower number of doctors and nurses. In the world, there are approximately 604,000 new cases of cervical cancer each year. In 2020, there were over 342,000 deaths from cervical cancer in the world. It is the second-most common female-specific cancer after breast cancer, accounting for around 8% of both total cancer cases and total cancer deaths in women. About 80% of cervical cancers occur in developing countries. 

Human papillomavirus infection (HPV) causes cervical cancer. Older studies said it caused more than 90% of cases. The World Health Organization's "World Cancer Report" now says, "Thirteen sexually transmitted mucosal human papillomavirus (HPV) subtypes are established human carcinogens. Together, they are responsible for all cervical cancer cases globally." Vaccination against HPV before a young person becomes sexually active can prevent cervical cancer. Both girls and boys should get the HPV vaccine. The vaccine usually requires two doses. Some parents who are social conservatives say it is a bad idea to give young people the HPV vaccine. They think it will encourage young, people to have sex before they are married. They say their daughters won't get cervical cancer because their daughters will not have sex until they are married. The parents are not worried that their daughters could die of cervical cancer. Other parents think vaccines are more dangerous than the diseases they prevent. Vaccination is uncommon in developing countries due to the high cost or because there are few doctors and nurses to give the vaccines. 

Sometimes, there are no symptoms until the cancer is very developed. For this reason, pap tests have become common to diagnose this cancer. They have cut the rate of cervical cancer in half. A new test that checks for HPV may be better at detecting cervical cancer risk than the traditional pap test. The HPV test can be done at the same time. Treatments are available for cervical cancer. Cervical cancer can be cured if diagnosed at an early stage and treated quickly. 

Regular pap tests can detect abnormal cell growth in the cervix. A pap test, also called a pap smear, is simple medical test which should be done every year after a woman becomes sexually active. If there is a problem found, a doctor can prescribe treatments to stop it from developing into cancer. In developed countries, abnormal cell growth is usually detected and treated in this way. Women in developing countries often do not have access to health services where pap smears could be performed. If medical services do exist, women in developing countries often cannot afford the cost. Women in poor or developing countries sometimes do not even know that they should be tested. Transportation to a health office may be a problem. Cultural beliefs may make it embarrassing for a woman to ask a doctor for information or testing, especially if the doctor is a man. Cost and access to healthcare is sometimes also a problem for low income and minority (especially Hispanic and African American) women in the United States since the costs of tests may not be covered by health insurance, if they even have health insurance. The American Cancer Society recommends that women receive both a pap smear and HPV test, regardless of HPV vaccination status. There are specific recommendations depending on how old the woman is and other factors. 

The risk of cervical cancer can be reduced by the use of condoms, which reduce the spread of HPV when used correctly. Human papillomavirus often attaches to the cells inside the male foreskin, which is the skin covering the end of the penis. Male circumcision can reduce the spread of HPV, and therefore the incidence of cervical cancer.

Cervical cancer is due to the abnormal growth of cells that have the ability to invade or spread to other parts of the body. Early on, there are often no symptoms (signs or indications.) Bleeding from the vagina (other than from normal menstruation) or other liquid leaking out of the vagina can be signs of cervical cancer. If the liquid has a bad smell, that can be a sign. Pelvic pain or pain during sexual intercourse can be a sign. Pain or vaginal bleeding after sex can be a sign. While bleeding after sex may not be serious, it may also indicate the presence of cervical cancer. A woman should ask a doctor or nurse if having any of these signs.

Cervical cancer is a serious medical problem that can spread within the body and cause death. Most women who have had HPV infections, however, do not develop cervical cancer. HPV 16 and 18 strains are responsible for nearly 50% of high grade cervical pre-cancers. Other risk factors include smoking, a weak immune system, birth control pills, starting sex at a young age, and having many sexual partners, but these are less important. Genetic factors also contribute to cervical cancer risk. Cervical cancer typically develops from precancerous changes over 15 to 20 years. About 90% of cervical cancer cases are squamous cell carcinomas, 10% are adenocarcinoma, and a small number are other types. Diagnosis is typically by cervical screening followed by a biopsy. Medical imaging is then done to determine whether or not the cancer has spread.

The cancer stage (the extent of cancer in the body) is an important factor in deciding the best treatment for cervical cancer. Other factors, such as the patient's preferences and overall health, are also important.

For some people, taking part in a clinical trial may be an option. Clinical trials of new cancer drugs or treatment combinations may be available.

For early cervical cancer, surgery is the first treatment. For cancer that is farther along, chemotherapy and radiotherapy can be used. Immunotherapy is sometimes used to treat cervical cancer that comes back (recurs) after it has been treated.

A concern that some may have is fertility, the ability to have children. There are treatments for cervical cancer that preserve the uterus and ovaries. If the cancer is large or it has a high chance of coming back, it is likely to have treatments that will prevent pregnancy. 

Widow

A widow is a woman whose spouse has died. A widower is a man whose spouse has died.

Broccoli

Broccoli is a plant from the species: "Brassica oleracea". It is a vegetable similar to cauliflower and cabbage. Broccoli has green flower heads and a stalk. It comes from Italy and was introduced to England and the United States around 1800, and 1900, and has become a well-liked food around the world. Purple cauliflower (violet cauliflower) is also a type of broccoli grown in North America and Europe. 

Broccoli is a good source of vitamins. It’s carbohydrates are mostly fibre and a variety of sugars. Broccoli has many vitamins and minerals like Vitamin A, potassium, folic acid, and iron. When it is not harvested in the right time, it will turn into a head of yellow flowers. Spain, Mexico, India, China, and the United States are the largest producers of broccoli.

It is native to the Mediterranean. The plant was from a cabbage by a Mediterranean civilization called Etruscan. Broccoli’s name comes from the word "broccolo" in Italian language and the Latin word "brachium". It was developed from multiple crossbreeding.

WWE Armageddon

WWE Armageddon was a Pay-per-view event produced by World Wrestling Entertainment from 1999 to 2008. In 2009, this event was replaced by .

Hannah Murray

Tegan Lauren-Hannah Murray (born 1 July 1989) is an English actress. She is best known for playing the role of Cassie, a gentle, 'spacey' teen girl with an apparent eating disorder and unstated mental illness in E4's drama/comedy, "Skins".

Murray attended North Bristol Post 16 Centre studying German.



Larissa Wilson

Larissa Wilson (born 5 May 1989) is an English actress. She is best known for playing the role of Jal Fazer in the first two seasons of "Skins".

University of Toledo

The University of Toledo is a public university in Toledo, Ohio.

The University of Toledo's athletic team's are called the "Rockets" and there are 15 varsity teams including: Football, Basketball, distance running as well as others. Their rival is the "Bowling Green Falcons" and they fight over the "Peace Pipe" trophy.

April Pearson

April Janet Pearson (born 23 January 1989 in Bristol) is an English actress.

In early 2007, Pearson appeared in the first series of "Skins" on E4 as Michelle Richardson. She has appeared in "Casualty", playing four different characters.

April currently lives in Bristol. She was head girl at Colston's Girls' School.


Pio Baroja

Pío Baroja y Nessi (December 28 1872, San Sebastián–October 30 1956, Madrid) was a Spanish writer. He was one of the main novelists of the Generation of '98. He was a member of an well known family. One of his relatives was a painter and engraver. His nephew Julio Caro Baroja was a well known anthropologist.

Cassie (Skins character)

Cassandra "Cassie" Ainsworth is a fictional character on the British television series "Skins". She is played by Hannah Murray.

Cassie is a very complicated character. She suffers from anorexia nervosa, self harm, and low self esteem. Her entire self worth is dependent on her weight, in one episode saying "I didn't eat for three days... so I could be lovely." She also drinks alcohol and takes drugs. In the episode "Tony" she is seen sorting food, a common occurrence shown by people with anorexia. Despite Cassie's many "problems", she is a very gentle, caring,kind, and loving person. Written on her "about me" section of the "Skins" website, she talks about how much she loves her baby brother, Reuben. Cassie will even act positive to bad news so that she will not offend.

Cassie is released from a clinic, where she received treatment for her eating disorder. In the first episode, called "Tony", she stays with Sid and offers to have sex so he can lose his virginity, but she passes out before anything happens. In the second episode "Cassie", it is shown that she is not better and is still sick. She has also developed a crush on Sid. In "Sid", the fifth episode of the season, Cassie tries to kill herself after Sid cancels a date they planned, so that he could be with Michelle Richardson. In "Michelle", Michelle takes Sid to see Cassie, but Cassie is dating someone called Simon, a patient in the hospital she is currently in. In the last episode of the season, Cassie says she is moving to Scotland with her family, away from Bristol. Cassie writes Sid a letter and leaves it at his house after sneaking out the hospital. She is also given a letter Sid wrote to her from Tony Stonem. In the last moment of the season, Sid finds Cassie and they sit together and hold hands.

Cassie and Sid are in a serious romantic long distance relationship. In "Sid", the third episode, Sid thinks Cassie is cheating on him and becomes angry at her. Cassie is also angry, but because Sid does not trust her. At the end of the episode Cassie takes a train from where she lives in Scotland to Bristol, to visit Sid. She waits in his bedroom for him, but when Sid enters the bedroom he is kissing Michelle (not noticing that Cassie is also there). In "Chris", the fifth episode, Cassie bitterly tells her friends that Sid is together with Michelle. She copes with her feelings by having sex with almost anyone, doing drugs, and partying. In "Effy" Sid finally confronts Cassie and her bad behavior. The two get back together, but in "Cassie", it is clear that Cassie is still angry towards Michelle. After Cassie's roommate and friend Chris Miles dies, she runs away to New York City, where she is taken care of by a boy called Adam. In the finale "Everyone", in the last moment of the episode, Sid looks for Cassie in New York, and stops in front of the diner she works in.

Animal Planet

Animal Planet is a television network that is mainly about human and animal relationships. It is owned by Discovery Communications.

Roughly 4 out of 5 households with television receive Animal Planet in the United States of America.

Amberg

Amberg () is a town in Bavaria, Germany. It is in the Oberpfalz ("Upper Palatinate"), roughly half way between Regensburg and Bayreuth. Population: 44,200 (2001).

Amberg became a center for the mining of iron ore in 1270. In the 1800s a blast furnace was built in the town.

Amberg is twinned with these towns:


The Killers

The Killers are an American rock band. It was formed in Las Vegas in 2001. The band's current lineup (as of 2023) comprising of Brandon Flowers (lead vocals, keyboards, bass), Ronnie Vannucci Jr. (drums, percussion), and Dave Keuning (lead guitar, backing vocals). Mark Stoermer (bass, rhythm guitar, backing vocals) who along with Vannucci Jr. joined The Killers in 2002. The band's name is from a logo on the bass drum of a band shown in the music video for the New Order song "Crystal".

The band has released seven successful studio albums: "Hot Fuss" (2004), "Sam's Town" (2006), "Day & Age" (2008), "Battle Born" (2012), "Wonderful Wonderful" (2017), "Imploding the Mirage" (2020), and "Pressure Machine" (2021) They have also released a B-sides and rarities compilation, "Sawdust" (2007); a live album, "Live from the Royal Albert Hall" (2009); a greatest-hits album, "Direct Hits" (2013); and a Christmas compilation, "Don't Waste Your Wishes" (2016).

The Killers are considered one of the biggest rock bands of the 21st century, and the most successful act to ever emerge from Nevada, selling more than 28 million records worldwide, including 10.8 million in the US alone. They have performed in over 50 countries and on six continents, headlining venues such as Madison Square Garden, Wembley Stadium and Glastonbury Festival (2007 and 2019).

On August 4, 2017 It was announced that Dave Keuning had left The Killers after 15 years with the band. He left so he could make music alone, But Keuning rejoined the band in 2020. Mark Stoermer left the band in On the same day as Keuning rejoins after 18 years performing with the band due to Covid and touring hiatus since 2016 in order to continue to make another solo record.


Current touring musicians


Former touring musicians

Timeline
Touring musicians timeline





Sufjan Stevens

Sufjan Stevens () (born July 1, 1975) is an American singer-songwriter and musician from Petoskey, Michigan.

Some people think he is part of the folk revival in indie pop, but he gets ideas from many things. His music is similar to electronica and the minimalism of Steve Reich. Stevens says that he has plans to make a concept album for each of the 50 U.S. states. He began with "Michigan" (2003) and "Illinois" (2005).

Stevens was born in Detroit, Michigan, and grew up in Petoskey. He went to Harbor Light Christian School as well as the Interlochen Arts Academy. He also learned at Hope College in Holland, Michigan.

Sufjan is an Arabic name that famously belonged to Abu Sufyan, a man from early Islamic history. The name was given to Stevens by the person who founded Subud, a spiritual community. Stevens said in an interview, "It sounds like Devendra Banhart kind of grew up in this strange kind of cultish environment, and I don't mean that word in a demeaning way. I think we probably come from similar backgrounds. There's a little bit of that in my history."

Stevens is a multi-instrumentalist, a person who can play many musical instruments. He is well known for his use of the banjo, but also plays guitar, piano, drums, and several other instruments, often playing all of these on his albums by using multitrack recording. When he was in school, he learned the oboe and English horn, which he also plays on his albums. He is one of the few musicians in pop music to use these instruments. A lot of instruments are played in unison to give his songs a "symphony-like" sound. Strings and horns are used very often in many of his songs.

Stevens lives in the Brooklyn part of New York City in the neighborhood Kensington where he makes up the Asthmatic Kitty Records staff of the Brooklyn office. His brother Marzuki Stevens is a marathon runner.

The song "The Mystery of Love" because of the "movie Call Me by Your Name" was hit song and won AMFT Awards in 2017"."


Greifswald

Greifswald () is officially known as "Universitäts- und Hansestadt Greifswald", which means "University and Hanseatic Town of Greifswald" (from German "Greif", "griffin", and "Wald", "forest"). It is a town in northeastern Germany. 

The town is on the Baltic Sea, about to the north of Berlin in the state of Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania. The population is roughly 55,000, including about 11,500 students and some 5,000 employees of the University of Greifswald. 

Till September 4, 2011 Greifswald was a urban district.

The city council is elected for five year terms. Since the last election in 2014, the 43 city council seats are allocated as follows:





Neubrandenburg

Neubrandenburg ( or shortened: "Bramborg") ("New Brandenburg", ) is a city in Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania, Germany. It is in the southeastern part of the state, at the shore of a lake called the "Tollensesee".

The city was founded in the year 1248. 

Till September 4, 2011 Neubrandenburg was a urban district.

Since March 2015 Silvio Witt is the mayor of Neubrandenburg. He is the succesor of Paul Krüger (CDU).

Neubrandenburg was founded by the knight Herbord von Raven in the year 1248.


Stal Mielec

Stal Mielec () is a Polish football club from Mielec. They play in Polish First league. The club was started April 10, 1939. Their home stadium is Stadion Stali Mielec. Their colours are white and blue.

Stal Mielec has won "I liga" (Polish first league) 2 times (in 1973 and 1976) and played in quarterfinals of UEFA Cup in 1976. They were one of the best teams of Poland in 1970s.

Famous players are Grzegorz Lato, Henryk Kasperczak, Andrzej Szarmach, Jan Domarski, all of them played in 1970s.


Britpop

Britpop is a type of alternative rock that started in the United Kingdom. Britpop came out of the British independent music scene of the 1990s and affected, or changed, by British guitar pop music of the 1960s and 1970s. This kind of music began as a reaction against some trends, or styles, in the late 1980s and early 1990s, such as grunge from the United States. After American grunge bands such as Nirvana came to Britain, many British bands acted as opposites to the American bands, and wrote about only British topics and concerns.

Britpop bands did not have one type of sound, but the media called them first a 'scene', or short-lasting trend. Later, the media called them a national importance. Blur, Oasis and Pulp had been called the most important bands. Some bands were able to become popular overseas.But Britpop was mostly gone by the end of the decade.

Red-light district

A red-light district is a part of an urban area where sex work is concentrated. Sex work in red-light districts is either legal or illegal, but tolerated. In the world there are many red-light districts, the most famous probably being the red-light district in Amsterdam, De Wallen. In the red-light district, sex workers are often helped and protected, and every month doctors visit them. Condoms are given to the sex worker so they do not catch any sexually transmitted diseases (STD's). In some red-light districts, sex workers pay taxes, as in the red-light district of Amsterdam. In other red light districts, sex workers do not pay taxes, because there they are illegal and often are put on the street with violence. In some parts of Africa there are villages of sex workers where they live and work, because they are not accepted by the people of other villages.


Panic! at the Disco

Panic! at the Disco (abbreviated P!ATD) is a pop and rock band from Las Vegas, Nevada, USA. The current official lineup of the band consists of lead vocalist, guitarist and bassist Brendon Urie, guitarist Mike Naran and drummer Daniel Pawlovich. They started out as a high school band who covered Blink-182 music, but soon became much more. Their singles, "I Write Sins Not Tragedies" and "High Hopes", were and are huge hits, and they're widely known for them. Their music ranges widely from punk to folk rock to pop and much more.






Pretty. Odd.

Pretty. Odd. is the second music album from the rock band Panic at the Disco. It was released on March 25, 2008.

Panic at the Disco began creating their new album after their first album, "A Fever You Can't Sweat Out". While on tour for about two years, they had no new songs to perform. In January 2007 the band went into "hibernation" in a cabin (just outside the strip), as they began writing new songs for the next six months hoping for a second album to be released during fall 2007. On July 7, 2007 they played the song "It's True Love" live during their first performance since going into writing. Later that night however, the band decided that they did not like the music had written and scrapped all the songs they had written (which was about 3/4 of an album, as they were almost done recording).

A month later Panic announced two newly written songs, the first named "Middle of Summer" (later changed to "When the Day Met the Night"), and "Nine in the Afternoon". In December, a part of "Nine in the Afternoon" was played on an episode of the television show "Heroes". Panic then began viral marketing, building puzzles on their official website. For about two weeks the puzzle gave snippets from an unknown song, along with the caption "YOU DONT HAVE TO WORRY...". On January 1, 2008, the snippets finally were revealed to be part of a new song entitled "We're So Starving". A rough version of this song was then released for listening on their official MySpace page, but was later pulled with the release of "Nine in the Afternoon". A review from "NME" magazine was published on the internet with descriptions of each song. These reviews show the big different direction that Panic have taken with their new album.

The band announced the title of the new album, "Pretty. Odd.", through their website on January 9, and dropped the "!" from their band name at the same time. The band explained by saying "We've just traded the exclamation point for a few periods." They announced the next day that they would be headlining the Honda Civic Tour in support of the album. The band then began a second puzzle on January 17, challenging fans to find puzzle pieces scattered throughout Panic-related websites, in order to reveal the album cover. The cover was officially revealed on January 22. Four days later, a new scavenger hunt was hidden on the official site, showing the tracklist of the album and offering a prize to the first three people who could find all 15 song titles for the new album. This was completed later that day.

On January 28 the winners were revealed. That very same day, the band posted the final version of "Nine in the Afternoon" on their MySpace page. The band also revealed on their official site they were releasing a Deluxe Edition of "Pretty. Odd." along with a version with a different artwork.

iTunes made the Deluxe Edition and Standard Edition of the album available for pre-order on January 29, 2008.




Nine in the Afternoon

"Nine in the Afternoon" is the first single from the second album by Panic at the Disco, "Pretty. Odd." The music video was filmed on December 20 and December 21. It was the first song written after the band decided to erase several worth of an album they had been planning on releasing in the fall of 2007. Panic at the Disco's first performance of "Nine in the Afternoon" was at Virgin Festival 2007.


A Fever You Can't Sweat Out

A Fever You Can't Sweat Out is the first album made by the rock band, Panic! at the Disco. It was released on September 27, 2005 by Fueled by Ramen.

The album is split in two, with tracks 1 through 7 being played by electronic instruments such as synthesizers and drum machines and tracks 9 through 13 using traditional instruments such as the accordion and organ. Track 8 (Intermission) acts as a link between the two parts, starting with techno-style dance beats before switching to the piano. On the vinyl record version of the album, side A holds songs 1-8 while side B holds songs 9-13, further showing the split in the album.

The album mostly deals with social problems that the band shows on through various songs. Topics such as sanctity of marriage, adultery, alcoholism, prostitution, and religion are seen throughout the album. Guitarist Ryan Ross also relates two of the songs to living with an alcoholic father. The album has sold more than 1.6 million copies in the U.S. alone.



Additional instruments


Brendon Urie

Brendon Boyd Urie (born April 12, 1987 in St. George, Utah) is the lead singer of the rock band Panic at the Disco. He also plays keyboard, accordion, piano, organ, bass, guitar, cello and drums. He has been married to Sarah Orzechowski since 2013.


Ryan Ross

George Ryan Ross III (b. August 30, 1986) is an American guitarist and singer. He was a member of the band Panic! at the Disco. He is from Summerlin, Nevada. 

Ross knew fellow Panic! drummer Spencer Smith since he was five. At the age of twelve, the two covered Blink-182 songs in a band called Pet Salamander. Later, he was in the band The Summer League with Smith and ex-Panic! bassist Brent Wilson. After high school, Ross went to the University of Las Vegas. He left after one semester to work in the band. During the times, his parents were having trouble and unhappy. His father was having problems with alcoholism. While seeing this, Ryan wrote two songs on the album about his experiences with his father. His father died in July 2006. Ryan had to deal with the death of his father while in the middle of Panic's summer tour. In July 2009, Ross said that he would be leaving Panic! At The Disco. He said he was leaving because of "creative differences." He said that he and Jon Walker, who also left, would continue to make music.

Ross and Walker then started a band called The Young Veins, which released one album, "Take a Vacation!" and went on 'indefinite hiatus' in mid-2011.

Ross lives in Los Angeles.


Brent Wilson

Brent Wilson (born July 20th, 1987) is an American former bassist for the rock band Panic! at the Disco. He recorded one studio album with the band, A Fever You Can't Sweat Out (2005). He was fired and replaced by Jon Walker on May 17, 2006.

On January 22nd, 2021 Wilson was arrested during a traffic stop where he was found to have been caring drugs. On November 15, 2022, Wilson was sentenced to 46 months in prison followed by three years of supervised release.

Wilson joined Panic! At the Disco in 2004. The band’s debut studio album, A Fever You Can't Sweat Out, was released on September 27, 2005. The album was an unexpected success, going 4x platinum and propelling the band into superstardom.

On May 17, 2006, Panic! at the Disco announced that Wilson had been fired, stating, “There really isn’t a good way to say this, and it was a decision that was very tough to make, but feels like it will be the right decision for everyone. We regret to inform you that Brent is no longer a part of Panic at the Disco, and although this choice does feel very healthy, he is a great friend of ours and he will definitely be missed. We all wish him well and the best of luck in everything he wants to do in the future. The last few years will be something we will never forget, all the places we’ve been that we never thought we’d go and things we’ve seen that we thought we’d never see when we started this band. Right now, our friend Jon is going to be filling in, and I’m sure it would ease his nerves a bit to get a warm reception. We’re at home preparing for the summer tour, and we’ve never worked so hard on putting something together. I can’t tell you how excited we are for these shows and for you all to see what we’ve been planning, we’ve got a few tricks up our sleeves… just you wait.” The band faced heavy backlash for the firing, including from Wilson’s brother, Blake. This caused a feud between the two parties, including claims of betrayal on Panic’s part and performance problems and substance abuse on Wilson’s part. Wilson also filed a suit against the band, claiming he was owed royalties.

After his time in Panic! At the Disco, he went on to become an accountant for a commercial real estate agency and got married, having a son named Connor. In July of 2018, he pleaded guilty to possession of a controlled substance. On January 22nd, 2021, Wilson was pulled over after he crossed three lanes of traffic without a turn signal, cutting off oncoming traffic. During the stop, a search of Wilson and the vehicle uncovered 13 grams of meth, 1.2 grams of cocaine, 62.6 grams of heroin, a scale, small baggies, foil covered in residue, and a loaded Glock 17. Wilson, who was on parole at the time of the arrest, was also said to be out two hours beyond his curfew deadline. On November 15, 2022, Wilson was sentenced to 46 months in prison followed by three years of supervised release for possession with the intent to distribute heroin and felon in possession of a firearm.

I Write Sins Not Tragedies

"I Write Sins Not Tragedies" is the second single by the rock band Panic at the Disco. It is from their first album "A Fever You Can't Sweat Out" (2005). It was released on April 27, 2006 on both compact disc and 7 inch vinyl. Ryan Ross wrote the song. The edited version of the song with the lyrics "The poor groom's bride is a whore" and "Haven't you people ever heard of closing the goddamn door?" were changed. "Whore" was replaced with a "shhh" sound and "God" was removed in "goddamn." It was ranked #3 in Billboard's Best 2000's Video poll.

Aesculus glabra

Aesculus glabra or Ohio buckeye is a type of tree. It is a medium-sized deciduous tree that grows to be to tall. It lives in several states in eastern North America: Pennsylvania, Ohio, Nebraska, Texas, and Georgia. It also grows in the far southwest of Ontario.

The leaves have 5 or 7 leaflets, to big. The tree grows yellow flowers in spring. The fruit is a small shell. The shell has 1-3 nuts inside of it. These nuts are called buckeyes. The buckeye got its name when Native Americans thought it looked like the eye of a buck (a male deer). Buckeyes have acid in them, and they cannot be eaten by humans.

The Ohio buckeye is the state tree of Ohio. It is also the nickname of The Ohio State University mascot or any person who went or goes to the school.

But It's Better If You Do

"But It's Better If You Do" is the third single by Panic at the Disco, from their album "A Fever You Can't Sweat Out" (2005).

Written by Ryan Ross and released on May 4, 2006 as a CD single, "But It's Better If You Do" is the third single to be released by Panic at the Disco, and the second with an accompanying video.

"It's a song about being in a strip club but not actually liking being in there. So I wanted it to be about the sort of complex inner-monologue," he said. "It's not completely fiction, though. It's based on a scenario when I was going through a breakup with a girl, and I was in one of these clubs but wishing I didn't have to be. Because in reality, I don't like strip clubs. I think they're kinda ecch," says Ryan Ross. Ross went on to say, "When I wrote it, I never thought about it being played in strip clubs. But I guess it would be kind of a change from what they usually play in there," he said. "It would be a surreal experience, for sure. I think the tempo is too fast, though. So maybe someone would have to do a chopped and screwed version or something."

The title is a quote from the movie "Closer". In the movie, the character portrayed by Natalie Portman says, ""lying is the most fun a girl can have without taking her clothes off... but it's better if you do"". "Lying Is the Most Fun a Girl Can Have Without Taking Her Clothes Off" is also the title of another song by Panic at the Disco.

At the beginning of the song's music video, the song playing in the background is "Intermission", the song preceding "But It's Better If You Do" on the "A Fever You Can't Sweat Out" CD.

The music video starts with a black-and-white introduction of the band's lead singer, Brendon Urie, arguing with his wife. She is worried about him always singing at "illegal strip clubs"; he says he does not go to "illegal strip joints", but he goes anyway. The music video continues with the song in the overview of the strip joint. Urie plays onstage with the other members of the band and a Las Vegas showgirls dance group. Urie sees a woman who seems to be unusually interested in him. They retreat to a private room. The two begin to kiss, and Urie removes his mask. The woman likewise removes her mask to reveal that she was in fact his wife. A quick slap to Urie's face and his wife turns to leave. As she gains headway, however, the police bust into the club and arrest her. Urie fights with the chief, but is also arrested. They both are put into a police car, smile in an evil way at one and another, and the scene ends.

The video for "But It's Better If You Do" debuted on "Total Request Live" daily countdown on June 29, 2006 at #8.

UK CD/Digital - May 2006

UK 7" Poster Bag - May 2006

UK 7" Colored Vinyl - May 2006

WMI CD - October 2006

WMI CD/Digital - September 2006

Following release in the USA, the single reached number 4 on Billboard's Bubbling Under Hot 100 Singles chart, before dropping to number 8 on the chart dated September 23, 2006. It peaked at number 81 on the Pop 100 chart, and number 74 on the Billboard Hot Digital Songs chart.

Lying Is the Most Fun a Girl Can Have Without Taking Her Clothes Off

"Lying Is the Most Fun a Girl Can Have Without Taking Her Clothes Off" is the fourth single by the rock band Panic at the Disco, from their album, "A Fever You Can't Sweat Out". It was released on August 7, 2006 as the fourth single, but is the third advertised single ("The Only Difference Between Martyrdom and Suicide Is Press Coverage" was not commercially released as a single).

The music video was filmed on June 19, 2006 in Los Angeles, California. The video was shown on MTV2 on July 14, 2006. It features people with fish tanks on their heads. The video only shows the band in one scene (the paramedics are the band members), because the band felt that their looks were distracting from their music.

The music video starts out with a woman walking on a sidewalk. For some reason, she has a fishtank on her head and all the people around her also have a fishtank. She quickly runs into a puddle and follows it to find a fish flapping around. She places it into her tank and stares at it. Then the woman heads over to a group of people to discover them gathered around a man who's tank broke and he is dying now. The woman has flashbacks to show that the man is her husband. She then attempts suicide by pouring out her own tank and collapsing. The band arrives in two ambulances (labeled Receiving Hospital) and takes them away in bathtubs. The band then carries the two across a beach and throws them into the ocean. There the woman holds the man.





Jon Walker

Jonathan Jacob Walker (born September 17, 1985 in Chicago) is an American musician. He was the bassist for the Las Vegas based rock band Panic at the Disco, replacing former bass player Brent Wilson. He was replaced by Dallon Weekes after he left the band in July, 2009. Jon Walker was also lead guitarist and occasional lead vocalist of The Young Veins. As of 2011 he is trying a solo career as a folk-pop artist.

Spencer Smith

Spencer James Smith (born September 2, 1987 in Summerlin, Nevada) was previously the drummer for the rock band Panic at the Disco. Spencer was one of the original members of the band. He was also the youngest member of the band after the departure of Brent Wilson. He founded the band along with Ryan Ross, who he grew up with. Smith left the band in 2013.

Live Session EP

Live Session EP is an EP released by the rock band Panic at the Disco on June 13, 2006. It is available only as a digital download from the iTunes Store. It has a more acoustic feel to the songs.


The Only Difference Between Martyrdom and Suicide Is Press Coverage

"The Only Difference Between Martyrdom and Suicide Is Press Coverage", also shortened to "The Only Difference" for radio plays and ease, is a song written by Ryan Ross for Panic at the Disco's debut, "A Fever You Can't Sweat Out". It was released as a radio only single.

Build God, Then We'll Talk

"Build God, Then We'll Talk" is the fifth and last official single, written by Ryan Ross, from Panic at the Disco's 2005 album, "A Fever You Can't Sweat Out", including the radio-only single "The Only Difference Between Martyrdom and Suicide Is Press Coverage".

The song is the last song on Panic at the Disco's début album "A Fever You Can't Sweat Out".

The bridge melody of "Build God, Then We'll Talk" is a derivative of the melody of the chorus of "My Favorite Things" from "The Sound of Music". The lyrics in the bridge also directly satirize the lyrics of "My Favorite Things".

The song depicts the story of a virgin who, in desperate need of cash, agrees to sleep with a powerful Lawyer in exchange for a job at the firm. His wife, despite knowing about his late ventures, stays with him for the same reason this girl has been manipulated into sleeping with him; money. However, the Lawyer has tipped off the police, claiming her to be a prostitute, and, just hours after he leaves, the Constable bursts in while she's fixing her hair in a compact. Surprised, she knocks her bag over, spilling the contents, and the officer gives her an option- go to jail or sleep with him. In the album there are extended lyrics confirming this.

The video shows the story of a "pornomime" and a girl who falls in love after she watches one of his performances. Their relationship is a fake one. Both "relationships" includes a fake feeling of confidence and are really useless in meaning. 
The mime and his girlfriend both walk in on each other having affairs (pretended, of course), again showing the emptiness of their fake relationships. They are not making love to real people — it is a false impression. The video is the first from the band to be web-exclusive, mostly because they felt it was too offensive for television, but it has aired on MTV2 in the UK and is available on Music Choice On-demand.

The band does not appear in this video.

Fueled by Ramen

Fueled by Ramen is an independent record label started by John Janick and Vinnie Fiorello (drummer and song writer of Less Than Jake) in August 1996 in Gainesville, Florida.

Decaydance Records

Decaydance Records is the vanity label of Pete Wentz, Patrick Stump (of Fall Out Boy) and Travis McCoy (of Gym Class Heroes). It is an impression of the Fueled by Ramen record label. It uses the Pete Wentz's trademark 'Batheart' as its logo.


RIAA certification

In the United States, the Recording Industry Association of America awards certification based on the number of albums and singles sold through retail and other secondary stores.

Currently, the normal RIAA certifications for albums are:

Special certifications exist for Latin albums (which the RIAA considers to be an album that is mostly sung in Spanish):

If a Latin album is certified on or after December 20, 2013:

If a Latin album was certified before December 20, 2013:


Sound Tribe Sector Nine

Sound Tribe Sector Nine is a United States band from Atlanta, Georgia. The band's name is commonly abbreviated as just STS9 or Sound Tribe. They are most notably recognized for their live performances consisting of complex light shows.



Billboard

A billboard (or billing board) is a large sign displaying advertisements. They are usually placed in places where many people will see them, such as alongside busy roads or in marketplaces. They show large posters, bulletins, and other kinds of visual advertisements.

Billboards that are along roads are designed to be noticed, since they are seen for only a few seconds. They usually have only a few words on them. Sometimes they have a humorous picture on them. For example, Chick-fil-A billboards have cows trying to get people to eat chicken.

Painted billboards are made usually by hand. They are painted onto large pieces of paper, which are then attached to large panels. The panels are then installed using cranes.

Digital billboards use large screens to show the advertisement. Some digital billboards can change their message every so often, so several advertisements show up on the same billboard.

Painted billboards these are now quite rare having been replaced by graphically produced billboards. However, in instances where only a single board is required they are still used in some areas. 

Mobile billboards the purpose of mobile billboards is to go to where their target audience happens to be such as where a large event is taking place. As they are less common the advertisement tends to be more memorable.

Three-dimensional billboards. Another modern type of billboard and due to the artistry that they often contain they capture the attention and interest of all who see them.

Transport Billboards are located within train, metro and underground stations. There are lots of different sizes and formats, typically located within walkways and tunnels busy with passengers.

Some of the earliest billboards were made in the 1880s. In the early 1900s, many people in the U.S. were buying cars like the Ford Model Ts. During this time, it became popular for businesses to put billboards along highways.


Stralsund

Stralsund is a town in Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania, Germany on the south coast of the Strelasund (a sound of the Baltic Sea separating the island of Rügen from the mainland).

In 1293 Stralsund became a member of the Hanseatic League.

From 1949 until German Reunification in 1990, Stralsund was part of the German Democratic Republic.



Hyper engine

The hyper engine was a possible aircraft engine model that could produce 1 horsepower per cubic inch of engine displacement. The term hyper engine was used only in the United States, where the Army Air Corps gave people money to make a hyper engine that had an area of 1,300 cubic inches. This happened in the 1930s. They thought that this would better help with streamlining and to help get a better range. Unfortunately, none of these designs ever made it past the production stage. 

Autofeather

Autofeather is a feature of the engines on turboprop or piston engine aircraft. When the power being made by the engine falls to the point where it is not helping add to the thrust, the propeller will go into a feathered mode to help lower the amount of drag.

An automatic feathering system was first brought out into the open on the Martin 4-0-4 aircraft, which was a piston engine airplane. The system was made to automatically feather an engine that failed during takeoff or the initial climb of the plane to its cruising altitude.

Argus As 014

The Argus As 014 was a pulse jet engine used on the German V-1 flying bomber of World War II. This was meant to be a simple model that would have been easy to make a lot of for not very much money. The engine was made from a sheet of steel that was rolled into a tube. A shutter was placed at one of the ends of the tube, along with a fuel valve and an igniter (something that lights things on fire).

It was thought that this could become a good power source for some last ditch German fighters during the last few days of World War II. 

List of aircraft engines

The following is a list of all the aircraft engines:

Two- and four-stroke rotary, radial, inline.
ADC
































































































see Le Rhône












































































































Inductor

An inductor is an electrical device used in electrical circuits because it acts like inertia in the electrical circuit. Just like inertia opposes the change in state of motion, inductor opposes the change in electric current.

An inductor is usually made from a coil of conducting material, like copper wire, that is then wrapped around a core made from either air or a magnetic metal. If you use a more magnetic material as the core, you can get the magnetic field around the inductor to be pushed in towards the inductor, giving it better inductance. Small inductors can also be put onto integrated circuits using the same ways that are used to make transistors. Aluminum is usually used as the conducting material in this case.

While a capacitor reacts against changes in voltage, an inductor reacts against changes in current. The inductor affects the current like inertia.

In general, the relationship between the time-varying voltage "v"("t") across an inductor with inductance "L" and the time-varying current "i"("t") passing through it is described by the differential equation:

formula_1

Inductors are used often in analog circuits. Two or more inductors that have coupled magnetic flux make a transformer. Transformers are used in every power grid around the world.

Inductors are also used in electrical transmission systems, where they are used to lower the amount of voltage an electrical device gives off or lower the fault current.
Because inductors are heavier than other electrical components, people have been using them in electrical equipment less often.

Inductors with an iron core are used for audio equipment, power conditioning, inverter systems, rapid transit and industrial power supplies.
Electrical engineers like to reduce diagrams of electrical circuits, no matter how complicated, to an "equivalent circuit" consisting of a network of just "four" different types of component. These four basic components are "emfs", "resistors", "capacitors", and "inductors". An inductor is usually represented by a little solenoid in circuit diagrams. In practice, inductors generally consist of short air-cored solenoids wound from enameled copper wire.



Cast

Cast can mean:


In popular culture:

In music:

Other


Edward, the Black Prince

Edward, the Black Prince (Woodstock Palace, Oxfordshire, 15 June 1330 – Westminster Palace, 8 June 1376) was the eldest son of King Edward III of England. 

Edward was born at Woodstock Palace, near Oxford. He was made Prince of Wales in 1343, and followed his father into battle against France. He became a famous soldier, helping win the Battle of Crécy and commanding the Battle of Poitiers. He was a founding member of the Order of the Garter. In 1361, he married his cousin, Joan of Kent. They had two sons, Edward and Richard. The older son, Edward, died when he was only six. 

Edward of Woodstock has become known in history as "the Black Prince", but no one is quite sure of the reason for the nickname. He died at the age of 45, and was buried at the Canterbury Cathedral. As his father was still living, he never became king himself. He asked his father to give the title Prince of Wales to his son Richard, who later became King Richard II of England. .

Charles IV of France

Charles IV (18/19 June 1294 – 1 February 1328), was the King of France and Navarre (as Charles I) and Count of Champagne from 1322 to his death. Charles IV the last French king of the old Capetian line. He was crowned King of France in 1322 at the cathedral in Reims.

Charles invaded Aquitaine, thus renewing the war with England. However, the peace of 1327 was the great triumph which gave him a generous land settlement and 50,000 marks.

During his six years as king Charles IV raised taxes. His expulsion of the Jews from France in 1323 was the culmination of centuries of persecution. They had long suffered from discriminatory taxes and other fiscal policies targeted at Jews, being scapegoated for the Black Plague, and multiple prior attempts to expel them from France. France's Jews were given only a little time to sell to their possessions before being escorted out of French lands. 

Charles died without a son so there were questions about who would be the next king. He had two daughters, but under Salic law, the basis of law in France, there was no inheritance through the female line.
Edward III of England then believed he had the right to become the new king of France, even though he was through the female line and therefore it was against Salic law. Thus he began the Hundred Years' War. 

Philip VI of France

Philip VI (1293 – 22 August 1350), called "the Fortunate", was King of France from 1328 to his death. He was also Count of Anjou, Maine, and Valois from 1325 to 1328. He was the first king from the House of Valois part of the Capetian dynasty.

UT

UT can mean many things:


Financial endowment

A financial endowment is money given to something to be saved in an investment. This is done so that the money will make a bigger difference when it is saved up over time.

Lisa Simpson

Lisa Marie Simpson is a character in the animated television series "The Simpsons". The person who does the voice for the character is Yeardley Smith. Matt Groening, the creator of the series, named her after his sister. She is the oldest daughter and middle child of Homer and Marge Simpson, and the sister of Bart and Maggie. She first appeared in "The Tracey Ullman Show" Simpson Short, "Good Night".

Lisa is an 8-year-old girl. She is one of the most intelligent characters on the series, with an I.Q. of either 156 or 159. She also plays the saxophone and is a vegetarian.
Despite her cleverness Lisa has typical childhood issues. For example, in the episode "Lost Our Lisa" she gets lost after riding the bus alone.

Farida Mammadova

Farida Mammadova (8 August 1936 – 8 December 2021) was an Azerbaijani historian who specialised in the history of ancient Caucasian Albania.

She was the author of papers, articles and books on Azerbaijani ancient and medieval history. She lectured at the Baku State University, Azerbaijan Pedagogical University. She is the head of the Department of Humanities in the Western University in Baku. Farida Mammadova worked at the Institute of History of the National Academy of Sciences of Azerbaijan. In her research, she was a disciple of the late Azerbaijani historian Ziya Bunyadov.

Her theories were criticized for the misinterpretation of historical sources and revisionism.

According to Thomas de Waal, Mammadova "has grasped the Albanian theory to supersede completely Armenians from Caucasus. She has placed the Caucasian Albania in the territory of present Republic of Armenia: all the territories, churches and monasteries in Republic Armenia have appeared Albanian". He describes Mammadova's theories as "an improved version of what became a very rough tool in Azerbaijan".

During her interviews Mammadova has made anti-Armenian statements:
And, it is known, that on whole planet exactly the Armenian people is distinguished by the absence of spiritual and other human values.
In the world there are only two nations that have national identity, but have not statehood. They are Jews and Armenians. The difference is that Jews have created their state on their historical homeland, and Armenians have not created their state on their historical native land.



Ibadi

The Ibāḍī (Arabic: Al-Ibādhiyyah الاباضية) is a denomination of Islam that is the dominant form in only one country, Oman. There are other Ibāḍī in Algeria and Libya. The Ibāḍī probably started one of the earliest schools, which was founded less than 50 years after the death of Muhammad.

The name comes from Abdullah ibn Ibadh at-Tamini. Some of the branch's followers, however, claim that its true founder was Jabir ibn Zaid al-'Azdi, who was from Nizwa, Oman.

Ibāḍī communities are generally seen as conservative. They reject the practice of "qunūt" in which one asks Allah for things while one stands in prayer. Sunni Muslims traditionally consider the Ibāḍī to be an extremist Kharijite group because they came from that group. However, most Ibāḍī now believe that other Muslims are not "kuffar" "unbelievers", unlike most Kharijite groups, but "kuffar an-nima" "unbelievers in God's grace." Most Ibāḍī now believe a true believer's attitude to others to be expressed in three religious obligations:

Unlike the Kharijites, the Ibāḍī have abandoned the assassination of mainstream Muslims.

The Ibāḍī agree with Sunnis in approving of Caliphs Abū Bakr and Umar ibn al-Khattab, and both groups regarded them as rightly-guided caliphs. However, the Ibāḍī think that Uthman ibn Affan introduced "bid'ah" "innovations" to Islam and so approve of the revolt that overthrew him.

The Ibāḍī also approve of the first part of Ali's caliphate. Like the Shi'ites, the Ibāḍī disapprove of both Aisha's rebellion against him and Muawiya's revolt. However, the Ibāḍī regard Ali's acceptance of arbitration at the Battle of Siffin against Muawiyya's rebels as un-Islamic. The Ibāḍī consider that Al's decision made him unfit as iman, and they condemn Ali also for killing early Kharijites in an-Nahr at the Battle of Nahrawan.

The Ibāḍī also have several doctrinal differences from other types of Islam:





The Ibāḍī believe that the fifth legitimate caliph was Abdullah ibn Wahb al-Rasibi. All caliphs from Muˤāwiyya onwards are regarded as tyrants except Umar ibn Abdul Aziz on whom opinions differ. However, various later Ibāḍī leaders are recognized as true imāms, including Abdullah ibn Yahya al-Kindi of South Arabia and the imāms of the Rustamid dynasty in North Africa.

The Ibāḍī are also found in Jabal Nafusa in Libya, Mzab in Algeria, East Africa (particularly Zanzibar), and Djerba Island in Tunisia. The early medieval Rustamid dynasty in Algeria was Ibāḍī, and refugees from its capital, Tahert, founded the North African Ibāḍī communities, which still exist.


German Workers' Party

The or German Workers' Party ("DAP") was a political party in Germany just after World War I. It did not last for very long, and became the National Socialist German Workers' Party or Nazi Party (, acronym "NSDAP").

Eight days before elections in Bavaria, the DAP was founded in Munich in the "Café Gasteig" on 5 January 1919 by Anton Drexler and Michael Lotter. The DAP grew out of the 'Free Worker's Committee for a Good Peace' () which Drexler had also started.

Most of the DAP's first members were friends of Drexler's from the Munich rail depot. Drexler wanted a party that was nationalist and aimed at ordinary people. Most other nationalist parties were middle class parties. The first membership was about forty people.

On 24 March 1919, Karl Harrer (a sports journalist and member of the Thule Society) joined the DAP to try to get more control over the DAP for the Thule Society. There were still not many members, and meetings were often held in local pubs.

When Adolf Hitler was still a corporal in the German army, he was ordered to spy on the DAP during one of its meetings at the "Sterneckerbräu" on 12 September 1919.

Hitler was very good at making speeches, so Anton Drexler asked him to join the party. Hitler thought about this, and then joined near the end of September 1919. There were no membership numbers or cards when Hitler joined the party. In January 1920 the DAP began to give membership cards and numbers. They started at number 501 to make the party look bigger. Hitler got number 555, but he was also committee member number 7. Later Hitler said he was party member number 7, to make it look like he was a founder member of the DAP.

The small number of party members were quick to believe in Hitler's ideas.

To try to make the party more popular the DAP changed its name on 24 February 1920 to the National Socialist German Workers' Party. The name was borrowed from a different Austrian party active at the time (Deutsche Nationalsozialistische Arbeiterpartei). At first Hitler wanted the new name to be the 'Social Revolutionary Party'; but Rudolf Jung persuaded Hitler to use NSDAP.

Hitler was the 55th member of the party. Other well-known early members were:


Cary, North Carolina

Cary is the second largest city in Wake County, North Carolina, United States. At the 2020 census, Cary had a population of 174,721. As of 2007, Cary was the 8th fastest growing city in the United States.

Cary began in 1750 as a settlement called Bradford's Ordinary. About 100 years later, the North Carolina Railroad was built between New Bern and Hillsborough and the railroad went through the settlement. Allison Francis Page, a farmer and lumberman, and his wife, Catherine Raboteau Page bought 300 acres (1.2 km²) of land surrounding the railroad in 1854 and named it Cary. Page made the first streets in Cary and built a sawmill, a store and a post office. In 1868, he built a hotel for railroad passengers coming through Cary. Cary officially became a town on April 6, 1871, and Page became the first mayor.

There are many schools in Cary. The public schools are run by the Wake County Public School System. There are also many private schools, both religious and non-religious. Private schooling and home schooling are popular among many Cary residents.

The Town of Cary operates a local bus system called GoCary. It was called C-Tran until 2016. Cary also has an Amtrak station and is just a few miles away from the Raleigh-Durham International Airport. Cary has many bike trails and many neighborhoods have sidewalks, so it is a good place to walk or ride a bike.

Blue Mosque, Istanbul

The Sultan Ahmed Mosque, commonly called the Blue Mosque, is a mosque in Istanbul, Turkey. It was built between 1609 and 1616, when Ahmed I ruled the Ottoman Empire. Like with many other mosques, the founder of the mosque is buried in it. His architect, Sedefkar Mehmet Agha, decorated it like a jeweler would. There is also a madrasah and a hospice associated with the mosque. Today it is one of the greatest tourist attractions in Istanbul.

According to legend, Sultan Ahmed I wanted gold minarets on his mosque. The word for gold in Turkish is "altın". Apparently this was misunderstood as "altı", or six. So the mosque has six minarets.

Shah Mosque

Shah Mosque (Persian: ﻣﺴﺠﺪ ﺷﺎﻩ , Masjed-e Shāh) is a mosque in Isfahan (Isfahan), Iran. It is on the south side of Naghsh-i Jahan Square. It has been renamed to Imam Mosque after the Islamic Revolution.

Built during the Safavids period, it is an excellent example of the Islamic architecture of Iran. Many people see it as the masterpiece of Persian Architecture. The Imam Mosque of Isfahan is one of the everlasting masterpieces of architecture in Iran and all over the world. It is registered along with the Naghsh-i Jahan Square as a UNESCO World Heritage Site. Its construction began in 1611. Its splendor is mainly due to the beauty of its seven-color mosaic tiles and calligraphic inscriptions.

The port of the mosque measures 27 meters high. There are two minarets 42 meters tall on top of it.
The Mosque it is surrounded with four iwans and arcades. All the walls are ornamented with seven-color mosaic tile. The most magnificent iwan of the mosque is the one facing the Qibla. It is 33 meters high. Behind it is a space which is roofed with the largest dome in the city at 52 meters height. The dome is double layered.

There are two seminaries at the southwest and southeast sections of the mosque.

The architects of the mosque are reported to be the following masters:


The mosque is one of the treasures featured on "Around the World in 80 Treasures" presented by the architecture historian Dan Cruickshank.




Löbau-Zittau

Löbau-Zittau () was a " (district) in the east of the Free State of Saxony, Germany. It ended in 2008. It was on the borders of Germany and Poland (to the east) and the Czech Republic (to the south).

The district was formed in 1994 by merging the two previous districts Löbau and Zittau. The district will change again in 2008, when the independent city (") of Görlitz is merged with the district.


Apex, North Carolina

Apex is a town in the U.S. State of North Carolina. It is part of Wake County.


Niederschlesischer Oberlausitzkreis

The Niederschlesischer Oberlausitzkreis () was the easternmost "Kreis" (district) of the Free State of Saxony and Germany. It ended in 2008.

The urban district Görlitz is in the east, at the boundary to Poland. In July 2008 Görlitz stopped being an independent city, and became part of the districts of Niederschlesischer Oberlausitzkreis and Löbau-Zittau.

The district was not part of Saxony before World War II. It was a part of German Silesia. When most of Silesia was given to Poland after the war, the part of Silesia on the west bank of the Rive Neisse was made part of Saxony.

The Niederschlesischer Oberlausitz district was formed in 1994 by joining the previous districts Niesky and Weißwasser, and most part of the district Görlitz.

The district is twinned with


Luís de Camões

Luís Vaz de Camões (c. 1524 – June 10, 1580) was Portugal's greatest poet. He has been compared to Homer, Virgil, Dante, Cervantes or Shakespeare. He wrote lyrical poetry (in Portuguese and in Spanish) and drama but is best remembered for his epic work "Os Lusíadas". (His philosophical work "The Parnasum of Luís Vaz" was lost, stolen with part of "Os Lusíadas" by envious enemies while he was staying at Mozambique.)


Today, a museum dedicated to Camões can be found in Macau, the Museu Luís de Camões.



Kamenz (district)

Kamenz () was a (rural district) in the north-east of the Free State of Saxony, Germany. The independent city Hoyerswerda is completely surrounded by the district. There was a reorganisation of districts in Saxony in July 2008, and Hoyerswerda became a part of Landkreis Kamenz instead of having a separate government.

The district was formed in 1994 from the previous Kamenz district, the northern parts of the Dresden-Land district, around Radeberg, and the Hoyerswerda district, except the town of Hoyerswerda, which became a district-free city. From 1994 to 1996 it was called "Westlausitz - Dresdner Land", but then renamed to "Kamenz" again.

Since December 14, 1990 the district has been a twin town of the district Alzey-Worms in Rhineland-Palatinate.


Emerald Isle, North Carolina

Emerald Isle is a small town on the coast of North Carolina, United States. Emerald Isle is a beach town. About 50,000 people come every summer. Emerald Isle became a town in 1953.


Theobromine

Theobromine is a chemical substance, also known as xantheose. It is an alkaloid. It occurs in the cacao plant. Chemically, it is very similar to caffeine. Because the cacao plant is used to make chocolate, it is also found in chocolate. Despite its name, there is no bromine in it. The name ""theobromine"" comes from the word ""Theobroma"" as the name of the genus of the cacao tree (which itself is made up of the Greek roots "theo" ("God") and "brosi" ("food"), meaning "food of the gods") with the suffix given to alkaloids and other base nitrogen-containing compounds.

Theobromine is a water-insoluble, crystalline, bitter powder. Its colour is listed as either white or colourless. It has a similar, but smaller, effect to caffeine, making it a lesser homologue. Theobromine is an isomer of theophylline as well as paraxanthine. Theobromine is categorized as a dimethyl xanthine, which means it is a xanthine with two methyl groups.

Theobromine was first isolated from the seeds of the cacao tree in 1878 and then shortly afterwards was synthesized from xanthine by Hermann Emil Fischer.

Theobromine is poisonous to dogs.

Black tea

Black tea is a kind of tea made from leaves of "Camellia sinensis". Often, it is stronger in taste than other varieties of tea, like green tea or oolong. It also has more caffeine. In some parts of the world, like China, it is called "red tea", a description of the colour of the liquid. The Western term "black tea" comes from the color of the tea leaf. It has been traded a lot because it could be kept longer. It is generally the preferred form of tea in the West. All People Consumed tea in a daily life routine. Tea is the most-consumed thing in the world after water. One of the best tea is Black tea and Its benefits is very effective.

Unblended black teas are named after the region in which they are produced.

One of the most famous countries producing black tea, exporting more than 12% of the world's tea. Darjeeling, Assam, and Nilgiri are known as representative producing areas.




Sri Lanka is next to India in the total production of black tea. The generic name for black tea which grown in Sri Lanka is Ceylon tea. 


Tea produced in China has characteristic that the taste is not so bitter. Straight tea is more popular than tea with milk or sugar in China.


Black tea is often blended with other black tea or various other plants.



Black tea without milk or sugar contains no calories. Black tea also contains tannin and the caffeine. There is a connection between blood-cholesterol-lowering (BCL) and drinking black tea. According to a 2001 Boston University study, there is a relationship between a more drinking black tea and a decrease in a kind of cardiovascular disease.

Bautzen (district)

Bautzen () is a district in the Free State of Saxony in Germany.

The district was created in 1994 by joining the former districts of Bautzen and Bischofswerda. The independent city of Hoyerswerda and the former district Kamenz became part of the district in 2008


Decaffeination

Decaffeination is a process which tries to remove most caffeine from things that contain it. Examples of plants that have caffeine in them are coffee beans, mate, tea leaves and cocoa. Soft drinks that do not have caffeine in them are sometimes called decaffeinated. While the caffeine is removed from some of them, it is simply not added to others, like Coca Cola. 

There are different processes to remove the caffeine.

Drinks that were produced from plants that had their caffeine removed are not free of caffeine; they still contain a little. It is simply not possible to remove all caffeine.

Dresden Government Region

Dresden is one of the three Regierungsbezirke of the Free State of Saxony, Germany. It is found in the south-eastern part of the state.

Saxony is divided into urban (meaning in the city) and rural (meaning in the country) districts like all German states. The districts are grouped into government areas (regierungsbezirke) as well.


Holly Springs, North Carolina

Holly Springs is a town in North Carolina, United States. It is called the "Fastest growing town in the Carolinas" because so many people are moving there. In 2020, there were 41,239 people in Holly Springs.

Gaustadt

Gaustadt is a district of Bamberg, Upper Franconia in Germany. In Gaustadt there is a brewery called Brauerei Kaiserdom (Brewery Kaiserdom). 

5,700 people live there. Since 1972, Gaustadt is not an own community.

Super Tuesday

In the United States, Super Tuesday commonly refers to the Tuesday in early February or March of a presidential election year when the greatest number of states hold primary elections to select delegates to national conventions. Each party's presidential candidates are officially nominated. 

More delegates can be won on Super Tuesday than on any other single day of the primary calendar, and accordingly, candidates seeking the presidency traditionally must do well on this day to secure their party's nomination. 

In 2008, Super Tuesday was February 5; 24 states held primaries or caucuses on this date, with 52 percent of all pledged Democratic Party delegates and 41 percent of the total Republican Party delegates at stake.

Brauerei Kaiserdom

The Brauerei Kaiserom (English: Brewery Kaiserdom) is a brewery in Gaustadt, a quarter of Bamberg, Germany.

The brewery was founded in 1718 by Georg Morg. Since 1910, it has been managed by family Wörner. In 1953, they brewed 0,6 million litres. The production today is about 20-30 million litres. It is the biggest brewery in Bamberg.

They are producing 6 different kinds of beer:


They also make some soft drinks.


Cleveland (disambiguation)

Cleveland is the name of a number of places around the world, and also some people.

The two biggest Clevelands are:







Freiberg (district)

Freiberg was a rural district in the Free State of Saxony, in the country of Germany. It ended in 2008.

The district was established in 1994 by joining the former districts of Freiberg, Brand-Erbisdorf and Flöha.


Freiberg

Freiberg can mean several places:


Mulda, Germany

Mulda is a municipality in Saxony, Germany.

Dorfchemnitz

Dorfchemnitz is a municipality of the Mittelsachsen Rural District, in Saxony, Germany.

Jodie Marsh

Jodie Louise Marsh (born 23 December 1978) is an English glamour model and television personality. She has appeared topless in many tabloid newspapers and has appeared on her own reality TV show, Totally Jodie Marsh.

After being in "Celebrity Big Brother", Marsh was on several of the spin off shows including: "Big Brother's Little Brother", "Big Brother's Big Mouth" and "Big Brother's EForum". In 2005, Marsh published her autobiography "Keeping It Real". 

In December 2006, Marsh said she would marry Brentwood DJ David Doyle, after dating for 11 days. The relationship ended between late December and mid-January 2007. Doyle said it was because of Marsh's constant drinking and poor personal hygiene. Marsh said Doyle had been unfaithful. In 2008, Marsh dated a female hairdresser. In July 2012 Marsh started dating Kirk Norcross.

In 2007 she started presenting her own reality TV show Get a Life on Living TV, but it was stopped after two episodes because not enough people watched it.


Frankenstein, Saxony

Frankenstein is a former municipality in the Mittelsachsen Rural District, in Saxony, Germany.

About 1200 people live in the village.

Since 1 January 2012, it has been incorporated into the town of Oederan.

Trashware

Trashware is a computer system that was built using hardware from many other computers. Trashware computers will often use free software such as Linux operating system. These computers are mainly built for people who cannot normally afford a computer. Trashware is different from retrocomputing.



Yearbook

A yearbook is a book that shows the people and events at a school during the school year (usually a high school or college).

Yearbooks are generally put together by a student committee, which may or may not be advised by members of the faculty and staff. The committee usually has one or more editors who are responsible for collecting and putting together all of the information to be put into the book, also deciding the layout and giving of space for each contributor.

Often, yearbooks are distributed at the end of a school year to allow members to get the books and signatures/personal messages from classmates. In the US, those that distribute at this time may publish a supplemental insert with photographs from spring sports and milestone events (such as prom and graduation), as well as other important events. Many schools at which yearbooks are distributed at or before the end of a school year have a tradition of having students sign and leave notes on each others yearbooks.

Some schools distribute yearbooks before the end of the school year – such as during July, at Homecoming (US) in October or another designated time in order to include year-end activities. In some cases, yearbooks are mailed to the parents' homes of graduated seniors.

Mario Gómez

Mario Gomez (born 10 July 1985) is a German football player. He plays in the German Bundesliga for VfB Stuttgart. Since 2007 he has played in the Germany national team including in the UEFA Euro 2008, he has played 71 matches and scored 31 goals.

121||63||14||11||21||13||156||87
121||63||14||11||21||13||156||87

!Total||40||14

Tim Borowski

Tim Borowski (born May 2, 1980 in Neubrandenburg, Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Germany) is a German football player. His team at the moment is Werder Bremen. Borowski scored two goals in 33 games for the German national team.

Werder Bremen

Germany

Marcell Jansen

Marcell Jansen (born November 4 1985 in Mönchengladbach) is a German football player. He plays for the Hamburg and for the Germany national team.

115||8||9||1||20||0||144||9
115||8||9||1||20||0||144||9

!Total||30||2

Arne Friedrich

Arne Friedrich (born May 29, 1979) is a German football player. His team at the moment is Hertha Berlin. He has played for the Germany national team in 82 matches, scoring a goal once.

247||14||18||2||26||0||291||16
247||14||18||2||26||0||291||16

!Total||82||1

Oliver Neuville

Oliver Neuville (born 1 May 1973) is a German football player. At the moment he playes for Borussia Mönchengladbach. He played 69 matches and scored 10 goals for the German national team.

123||49||colspan="2"|-||colspan="2"|-||123||49
33||5||colspan="2"|-||colspan="2"|-||33||5
356||106||43||4||38||10||437||120
508||158||43||4||38||10||593||174

!Total||69||10

Thomas Hitzlsperger

Thomas Hitzlsberger (born April 5, 1982) is a German football player. He plays for West Ham United and Germany national team. In 2014 he told "Die Zeit" that he is gay. He is the first Premier League footballer to come out as gay.

104||8||1||0||10||4||colspan="2"|-||115||12
125||20||16||7||0||0||19||1||160||28
6||1||||||||||colspan="2"|-||6||1
235||29||17||7||10||4||19||1||281||41

!Total||52||6

Mike Hanke

Mike Hanke (born November 5, 1983) is a German football player. His team at the moment is SC Freiburg. In the Germany national team he made 11 matches and 1 goal.

167||37
167||37

!Total||11||1

Gerald Asamoah

Gerald Asamoah (born October 5 1978) is a former German football player. He played 43 matches for the German national team and scored 6 goals.

Schalke 04

Greuther Fürth

Germany

Clemens Fritz

Clemens Fritz (born 7 December 1980) is a German football player. He plays for Werder Bremen.

246||25||9||0||28||1||283||26
246||25||9||0||28||1||283||26

!Total||22||2

Simon Rolfes

Simon Rolfes (born 21 January 1982) is a German football player. He plays for Bayer Leverkusen and Germany national team.

174||24
174||24

!Total||21||1

Paul Freier

Paul Freier (born 26 July 1979) is a German football player. He plays for Bochum. In the Germany national team he played 19 matches and scored 1 goal.

257||34
257||34

!Total||19||1

Jan Schlaudraff

Jan Schlaudraff (born 18 July 1983) is a former German football player.

112||24||6||2||7||0||125||26
112||24||6||2||7||0||125||26

!Total||3||0

Riesa-Großenhain

Riesa-Großenhain was a district in the Free State of Saxony, Germany. The district was created in 1994 by joining the two previous districts Riesa and Großenhain. It ended in 2008.


House of Valois

The House of Valois was a younger branch of the Capetian dynasty that ruled France in the late Middle Ages and the Renaissance from 1328 to 1529. The kings of the House of Valois were descended 
from Charles of Valois who was the third son of Philip III of France. They claimed the Salic law put them ahead of Edward III of England to rule France. Edward III of England thought he had gotten the right to the French crown through his mother. The two countries fought the Hundred Years' War because of that disagreement.

Salic law

The Salic law was a set of laws established by King Clovis I for the Salian Franks during the sixth century. It stayed important in parts of western Europe for a long time because Charlemagne based his laws on the Salic law. One part of Salic law that stayed very important was inheritance for kings. The Salic law said that land goes to sons and not daughters.

Alizée

Alizée Jacotey (born 21 August 1984 in Ajaccio, Corsica) is a French pop singer. Her stage name is Alizée — which is the feminine form of "alizé" and means "trade wind". Alizée was found by Mylène Farmer, after Alizée's performance in the talent show, "Graines de Star", in 1999. While working with Mylène Farmer and Laurent Boutonnat, Alizée put out two albums. Both of which were hits both inside and outside of France. After the first two albums she broke up with Mylène and Laurent. She has released three more albums. On 6 November 2003 she married Jérémy Chatelain. In 2012 they divorced.


The Scarlet Letter

The Scarlet Letter is a novel by Nathaniel Hawthorne. It was published on March 16, 1850 by Ticknor, Reed, and Fields of Boston, Massachusetts. It is set in Puritan Boston, Massachusetts in the 1640s. It is about adultery, its punishment, and aftermath. It has been adapted to movies.

Uetersen

Uetersen () is a small city in the district of Pinneberg, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany. It is about south of Elmshorn, and northwest of Hamburg. Uetersen is home to the Rosarium Uetersen, the oldest and largest rose garden in Northern Germany, created in 1929.

Mathias Rust took off from Uetersen for his historic flight in 1987.


New York City Subway

The New York City Subway is a rapid transit system in New York City, United States. It is run by the Metropolitan Transportation Authority (MTA). It is one of the biggest rapid transit systems in the world, with 472 stations. It has 245 miles (or 394 km) of routes on 691 miles (or 1112 km) of railway track. The New York City Subway almost never closes; the trains run 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, all year. The system has only closed three times, most notably during the September 11 attacks and when Hurricane Sandy flooded its tracks.

The first elevated trains started working on October 9, 1863, and the first underground trains started working on October 27, 1904.

Alfred Ely Beach built an underground subway tunnel to test in 1869. His Beach Pneumatic Transit only extended under Broadway in Lower Manhattan. The subway car in the tunnel was pneumatic, or pushed by air. The tunnel was never made longer. It could have gone to Battery Park to the south and the Harlem River to the north.

The first underground subway line opened on October 27, 1904. The oldest elevated train line in the subway system opened in 1885. The oldest right-of-way was a steam railroad called the Brooklyn, Bath and Coney Island Rail Road. That railroad opened in 1863.

By the time the first subway opened, there were two private subway companies. They were the Brooklyn Rapid Transit Corporation (BRT) and the Interborough Rapid Transit Company (IRT). Most subway lines built after 1913 were built by the New York City government. These tracks were leased to the companies. The first line of the city-owned and city-run Independent Subway System (IND) opened in 1932.

In 1940, the two private systems were bought by the city. Some elevated train lines closed and were destroyed. The New York City Transit Authority (NYCTA) was made in 1953 to run subway, bus, and streetcar operations. It was made part of Metropolitan Transportation Authority in 1968.

By the 1970s and 1980s, the New York City Subway was really bad to ride. There were very few people riding the subway. There was a lot of graffiti and crime on the subway. This was fixed in the 1990's.

After the September 11 attacks, there were train disruptions on lines running through Lower Manhattan. One line remained out of service for a year. In 2012, Hurricane Sandy flooded the subway system. It closed many lines for a few days, then recovered.

There are subway stations in Manhattan, Brooklyn, Queens, and the Bronx. About 40% of the tracks are above ground and the other 60% are below ground. Every day about 5,076,000 people take rides on the subway. 463 out of the system's 472 stations are always open.

Many stations have "mezzanines". These are the levels of the station where you pay a fare before entering the subway platforms. Everyone must pay a fare to enter the subway system. They are usually between street level and platform level.

Many station entrances and exits have lamp posts. At the top of the lamp posts are colored balls. Green globes identify that the entrance is open 24/7, 365. Red globes can show two things. An entrance lamp post with a red globe can show that the entrance is either part-time open or is an exit only entrance. Some of the globes do not show the right information about an entrance or exit.

Most subway stations have waiting platforms that are from long. People wait for trains on these platforms.

All new stations have platforms with air conditioning.
Many stations also have artwork on the subway station walls.

Most of the stations wers built before 1990. That is when a new law said that many new buildings, like subway stations, should have elevators and ramps so people with wheelchairs can enter these buildings.

The MTA has run the "Music Under New York" (MUNY) program in the subway since 1987. People must compete in order to be allowed to play music in a station. There are now more than 100 musicians and performers in the subway system.

There are only 129 open restrooms in 77 of the system's stations.

Some platforms have newspaper stands as well. They sell many things, including newspapers and food. There are also stores in some stations.

In other cities' subway systems, a train "line" is the same as a train "route". In New York City's subway system, however, the "line" is the actual tracks, which a train "route" uses. "Routes", also called "services", have a letter or a number, such as "1" or "A". "Lines" have names, like BMT Broadway Line.

There are 24 train services. This includes 3 "shuttle" routes. Each route has a color. Raleigh D'Adamo, a lawyer who entered a contest in 1964, planned the colors that are used on subway maps now. Before, subway maps used different colors for every route. People who live in New York City do not call lines and services by color (such as, Blue Line or Green Line). However, tourists often use colors to tell between routes.

There are three different types of subway services. "Local" trains make all stops at "local" stations as well as at "express" stations. "Express" trains skip local stations, but stop at "express" stations. There is one "skip-stop" service, the J/Z, where two train routes run on the same line; each route only stops at every other station along the line.

The subway system runs 24 hours a day and 7 days a week, but some routes do not run when not many people ride the subway. When a line is closed, the transit authority uses free shuttle buses. The transit authority shows planned service changes on its website, on station walls, inside subway cars, and through its Twitter page.

There are many routes on the subway. Many people who have never ridden on the subway get confused because there are so many routes going to so many different places. The subway has signs that hang from the stations' ceilings to show the routes and where they go.
From 1904 until 1948, people paid a nickel to go into the subway. On July 1, 1948, the fare was raised to a dime. In July 1953, the fare was raised to 15 cents. The MTA gave out subway tokens, which people used to enter the subway. People stopped using tokens in 2003.

The fare is $2.90. Riders must pay with MetroCards or OMNY. The subway started using MetroCards in 1994. At subway stations, riders can buy MetroCards from the station booth or from vending machines. Riders can also buy MetroCards from many places in New York City, like convenience stores and newspaper sellers. ONMY later came out in 2019 as a testing fare for credit/debit cards on the 4/5/6 lines, to use for another way to pay for your subway fare. Once it succeeded, it expanded all throughout the NYCTA. Currently, it is planning to replace the MetroCard by 2024.

Riders are allowed to take pictures using cameras, but are not allowed to take pictures with cameras that flash or with cameras that are on tripods.

Subway police can search riders to make sure they do not have weapons or other items that could be used to hurt other people.

When riders get hurt, usually it is because they slip when they are getting on or off the train. This is because there is a gap between the train and the platform. In recent times, workers have made the gaps smaller to prevent people from slipping. Often messages are played from loudspeakers that say "Please watch the gap when entering and exiting the train".

The MTA makes sure that New York City Subway trains run without accidents. There are railroad switches, railroad signals, and speed limits on the subway. All tracks also have a stopper on the side. If the train passes a red signal, the stopper will stop the train.

A black-and-white striped board hangs above the middle of each platform. The conductor has to point to the board in front of him or her. After the conductor points to the board, the train doors will open.

The subway has had over 56 train accidents since 1918. The Malbone Street Wreck on November 1, 1918 was the most deadly. That crash killed 93 people.

Since the late 1990s and early 2000s, the MTA has experimented with Automatic train operation. New York City Subway trains normally run with a train conductor and a train operator. In 2006, the L train was the first route to be run by computers. The 7 train is becoming the second route to be run by a computer. There are computers both on the train and along the side of the tracks. The computer does the engineer's job by driving and stopping the train.

Fundamentalism

Fundamentalism was used at first to describe some people in the Protestant community in the United States in the early 20th century. These people had a set of well-defined ("fundamental") values. These values were in opposition to more modern ideas. The group also said it was important to stick to what faith (and a more literal translation of the Bible) told them. When people look at religion this way they see the ideas in the religion as "absolute". This means that it is not possible for them to change. When religion is seen as absolute it becomes fundamentalism.

Today, the term is used more generally. It is now often used to describe groups of people who are committed to behave or act according to their (mostly moral, and religious) values and beliefs even though these values may be criticised by many people or unpopular. Modern-day fundamentalists want to go back to the roots of certain ideological or religious positions.

Religious fundamentalism has been prevalent in society since its beginnings in the late 19th- and early 20th-century. People today who study fundamentalism see it as a response to modern society. Today society is not as simple as it was: many people live in societies that can be difficult to understand. Changes in familiar things can make people feel unsafe. So some people look in their religion to see something that does not change. They also want rules about how to act that do not change. So they see their religion as this thing that does not change.

See Reformation for an older historical precedent.

Fundamentalism is also a trademarked brand of belts "to Beat Children." Fundamentalism Leather Belts have been in countless art exhibits to satirize Fundamentalist Christians who think their God wants them to hit children. The artist and the only publicly recognized owner of Fundamentalism, Daniel Vander Ley, is a child-rights advocate who uses his brand "Fundamentalism America's Premier Child Abuse Brand" as a way to confront governments around the world about corporal punishment practices in schools and homes. Corporal Punishment still occurs in public schools in 19 American states.

Some people who are called religious fundamentalists do not like that name, as the term has other meanings. They do not like it because 'religious fundamentalist' has some negative ideas about it. Many people who are politically "progressive" or "liberal" sometimes do not like religious fundamentalists. They believe bad things about them like that they are not clever, they are not educated, or that they do not respect people's human rights.

Some people who are Christian fundamentalists "do" like that term and use it to name themselves. But they do not like being called religious fundamentalists because Islamic fundamentalists are in this same group.

Fundamentalism began as a movement in the U.S., starting among conservative Presbyterian academics and theologians at Princeton Theological Seminary in the first decade of the Twentieth Century. It soon spread to conservatives among the Baptists and other denominations during and immediately following the First World War. The movement's purpose was to "reaffirm" orthodox Protestant Christianity and zealously defend it against the challenges of liberal theology, German higher criticism, Darwinism, and other movements which it regarded as harmful to Christianity.

The term ""fundamentalism"" has its roots in the Niagara Bible Conference (1878–1897) which defined those things that were "fundamental" to Christian belief. The term was also used to describe ""The Fundamentals"", a collection of twelve books on five subjects published in 1910 and funded by Milton and Lyman Stewart

Not all religious fundamentalists believe the same things. But there are many issues that they have strong beliefs about. Some of these issues are similar even in different religions. Some of these issues are:

Many criticisms of fundamentalist positions have been offered. One of the most common is that some claims made by a fundamentalist group cannot be proven, and are irrational, demonstrably false, or contrary to scientific evidence. . For example, some of these criticisms were famously asserted by Clarence Darrow in the Scopes Monkey Trial.

Another is that religious beliefs do not translate well into laws or social policy in diverse tolerant societies. This criticism favors secularism as a better foundation for social harmony and stability.

One of the critics, Elliot N. Dorff wrote:
In order to carry out the fundamentalist program in practice, one would need a perfect understanding of the ancient language of the original text, if indeed the true text can be (found...) among variants. Furthermore, human beings are the ones who transmit this understanding between generations. Even if one wanted to follow the literal word of God, the need for people first to understand that word (requires) human interpretation. Through that process human fallibility is inextricably mixed into the very meaning of the divine word. As a result, it is impossible to follow the indisputable word of God; one can only achieve a human understanding of God's will.

Agostino Carracci

Agostino Carracci (sometimes also spelled Agostino Caracci, August 16, 1557 – March 22, 1602) was an Italian painter and printmaker. His brother Annibale and cousin Lodovico Carracci were more famous than he was. 

He thought nature was an ideal. He founded a school that was competing with that of Caravaggio. Together with his brothers, he founded the Accademia degli Incamminati. The academy helped painters of the School of Bologna to become famous.



Vogtlandkreis Rural District

The Vogtlandkreis is a "Landkreis" (rural district) in the southwest of the Free State of Saxony, Germany. It borders Thuringia, Bavaria, and the Czech Republic. Plauen is the capital of the district.

The first German cosmonaut, Sigmund Jähn was born in the Vogtland. His hometown, the small village "Morgenröthe-Rautenkranz" in the south-west of the district houses a small space exhibition.


Zwickauer Land Rural District

Zwickauer Land was a Landkreis (rural district) in the south-west of the Free State of Saxony, Germany. The independent city of Zwickau is in the middle of the district. It is nearly completely surrounded by the district. In July 2008, the city lost its right to administer itself, and become a city under the control of the district government.

The rural district was created on 1 August 1994. Its capital is Werdau. On January 1, 1999, the district was reorganised. Cainsdorf, Mosel, Oberrothenbach and Schlunzig were made a part of to Zwickau even though the people living in those towns wanted to stay independent.
The district is located in the Ore Mountains ("Erzgebirge"), with the main rivers being the "Zwickauer Mulde" and the "Pleiße".


Chemnitzer Land

Chemnitzer Land was a district in the Free State of Saxony, Germany. It ended in 2008.

The district has a very big population because the East German government tried to make the area very industrial.

The district was created in 1994 by joining the old districts of Glauchau and Hohenstein-Ernstthal. In 2008, part of city of Zwickau will become part of the district. The rest of the city will become part of Zwickauer Land.


Meißen (district)

Meißen is a district ("Kreis") in the Free State of Saxony, Germany.


Sächsische Schweiz (district)

The Sächsische Schweiz ("Saxon Switzerland") was a rural district ("Landkreis") in the south of the Free State of Saxony, Germany. It ended in 2008.

It borders the Czech Republic. Vehicles registered in the district have PIR, for the city of Pirna. This is because the districts own abbreviation would be "SS", and this is not used because it is the same as the Nazi SS, the "Schutzstaffel"

The district was created in 1994 when the two districts Sebnitz and Pirna were merged.

The district is named after the landscape - the "Saxon Switzerland" - as it is the most mountainous region of Saxony.



Sächsische Schweiz

Sächsische Schweiz might refer to:


Weißeritzkreis

The Weißeritzkreis was a district ("Kreis") in the south of the Free State of Saxony, Germany. It borders the Czech Republic. The district was created in 1994 when the two districts Dippoldiswalde and Freital were merged. It ended in 2008.

During the flooding in August 2002 the river Weißeritz had to drain many times the normal amount of water, and a lot of buildings in the river valley - houses, streets and bridges were destroyed



Saxon Switzerland

Sächsische Schweiz means "Saxon Switzerland" in English. It is a mountainous climbing area and national park near Dresden in Saxony, Germany. Part of the area is in the Czech Republic. It is called the Bohemian Switzerland in the Czech Republic.

Sächsische Schweiz has some 1,000 climbing peaks, as well as several hollows. The area is popular with Dresden locals and international climbers.

The administrative district for the area is Sächsische Schweiz Rural District.

Sächsische Schweiz area has a number of fortresses built to protect trade routes; remaining fortresses include Festung Königstein and Castle Hohnstein. Hardly anything is left of other castles and fortresses.

The area became popular with tourists during the 19th century. Romantic artists were inspired by the beauty of wilderness, like the painter Ludwig Richter or the composer Carl Maria von Weber, who set his famous opera Der Freischütz with its Wolfsschlucht ("wolf's gorge") scene near the city of Rathen.

Saxon Switzerland is characterized by its sandstone rocks which draw many rock climbers. At the beginning of the 20th century the 'Saxon Rules' for rock climbing were made, the first ever of their kind worldwide.


Epic of Gilgamesh

The Epic of Gilgamesh is an epic poem from ancient Mesopotamia. It is one of the earliest works of literary fiction known.

The most complete version that exists today was preserved on twelve clay tablets in the library collection of the 7th century BC Assyrian king Ashurbanipal.
A series of Sumerian legends and poems about the mythological hero-king Gilgamesh were probably gathered into a longer Akkadian poem some time before the 7th century BC.

The essential story is about the relationship between Gilgamesh, a king who has become distracted and disheartened by his rule, and a friend, Enkidu, who is half-wild and who undertakes dangerous quests with Gilgamesh. Much of the epic focuses on Gilgamesh's thoughts of loss following Enkidu's death. It is often credited as being one of the first literary works with emphasis on immortality.

The epic is widely read in translation, and the hero, Gilgamesh, has become an icon of popular culture.

Gilgamesh was the fifth king of Uruk, an ancient city of Sumer. His supposed historical reign is believed to lie within the period 2700 to 2500 BC, 200–400 years before the earliest known written stories. His father was the third king, Lugalbanda.
The "Epic of Gilgamesh" was about him.






Sorbian languages

The Sorbian languages are Slavic languages, a branch of the Indo-European languages. 

They are the Sorbs' native languages, who are a Slavic minority in eastern Germany. The languages used to be known as Wendish or Lusatian. 

There are two languages: Upper Sorbian ("hornjoserbsce"), spoken by about 40,000 people in Saxony, and Lower Sorbian ("dolnoserbski"), spoken by about 10,000 people in Brandenburg. Both languages are spoken is an area known as Lusatia ("Łužica" in Upper Sorbian, "Łužyca" in Lower Sorbian and "Lausitz" in German).

In Germany, Upper and Lower Sorbian are officially recognized and protected as minority languages by the European Charter for Regional or Minority Languages. In the home areas of the Sorbs, both languages are officially equal to German.
The city of Bautzen, Upper Lusatia, is the centre of Upper Sorbian culture. Bilingual signs can be seen around the city, including the name of the city, "Bautzen/"Budyšin"".

The city of Cottbus ("Chóśebuz") is considered the cultural centre of Lower Sorbian. Cottbuss also has bilingual signs.

Sorbian is also spoken in the small Sorbian (“Wendish”) settlement of Serbin in Lee County, Texas. Until recently newspapers were published in Sorbian there. The local dialect has been heavily influenced by surrounding speakers of German and English.

American and Australian communities often prefer to call themselves “Wends” or “Wendish” since think that “Sorb” and “Sorbian” are bad words.


Bautzen

Bautzen (, , ; ) is a city in eastern Saxony, Germany, and capital of the Bautzen Rural District. It is on the Spree River.

In 2005, 42,189 people lived in Bautzen. Asteroid "11580 Bautzen" is named in honour of the city.

Bautzen is historical capital of Upper Lusatia, and it is the most important cultural centre of the Sorbs, a Slavic minority.

During World War II and the Nazi era, there was a subcamp of the Groß-Rosen concentration camp in Bautzen. Ernst Thälmann was imprisoned there before being deported to Buchenwald.

After the war Bautzen was well known in the German Democratic Republic because of its prison. Bautzen I was used as an official prison, Bautzen II was a secret prison for prisoners of conscience (people arrested for their political beliefs, not because of an ordinary crime). Bautzen I is still used as a prison, and Bautzen II has been a memorial since 1993.

In 2002 the city commemorated its thousandth birthday.



Jim Root

James "Jim" Root (born October 2, 1971) is an American musician. He is the guitarist for both Slipknot and Stone Sour. In Slipknot he is named #4. He is the tallest member of the band at 6 feet and 6 inches tall. Jim wears a court jester's mask with a zip-up mouth. Jim enjoys fishing and playing video games in his free time.

Ghetto

Originally the word 'ghetto' meant the Jewish quarter of Venice, and later of any European town. Many places had a ghetto where Jews were allowed to live. The term "ghetto" is now commonly used to refer to any poverty-stricken urban area with a concentration of minority groups. The word has a few possible sources:

It is also used to refer to areas that are considered to be undesirable.

ECW (WWE)

ECW (which at one time stood for Extreme Championship Wrestling) was a professional wrestling brand of World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE), based on the independent Extreme Championship Wrestling promotion that lasted from 1992 to 2001. It started on June 13, 2006 with a weekly television series. The ECW brand was one of WWE's three brands, the other two being RAW and SmackDown.

WWE got Extreme Championship Wrestling and its video library in 2003 and later began reintroducing ECW through a series of DVDs and books. The big popularity of ECW merchandise prompted WWE to organize ECW One Night Stand, an ECW reunion pay-per-view in 2005. The financial and critical success of the event encourages WWE to start a second One Night Stand the next year. With rejuvenated interest in the ECW product, WWE began exploring the possibility of reviving the promotion full-time. On May 26, 2006, WWE announced the launch of ECW as a stand-alone brand, congruous to Raw and SmackDown!, with its own show on the Sci Fi Channel. Despite initial concerns that professional wrestling would not be accepted by the Sci Fi Channel's demographic, network President Bonnie Hammer said that she believed ECW would fit the channel's theme of "stretching the imagination". Sci Fi Channel is owned by NBC Universal, parent company of USA Network and exclusive cable broadcaster of WWE programming.

The ECW brand initially tried to differentiate itself from WWE's other brands. The hard cameras were placed in a different location and the ring mat had an ECW logo on it. The male performers were also referred to as "Extremists" as opposed to Superstars, and female performers were called "Vixens" instead of Divas. It also had the first ECW talent. Later however, changes were made to differentiate it from the original ECW promotion, including changing the original promotion's rules where weapons were legal in all matches and there were rarely any count outs or disqualifications. WWE classified such matches as having "Extreme Rules", and were only fought when specified. The only pay-per-view event hosted exclusively by the ECW brand since its launch was December to Dismember in December 2006. On March 14, 2007, before another one could be scheduled, WWE announced that all future pay-per-views would feature all three brands.

Former ECW owner Paul Heyman served as the on air "ECW Representative". According to an interview in the UK newspaper The Sun, Heyman wrote the brand's weekly scripts and gave them to writers for possible changes, and then Vince McMahon for final approval. After the December to Dismember 2006 Heyman was relieved from both his on and off air duties with World Wrestling Entertainment. After Heyman left, there was no ECW authority figure until August 14, 2007, when Armando Estrada was announced as the General Manager.

ECW's weekly series was first given a thirteen episode run as a "summer series" on the Sci Fi Channel. The first episode got a 2.79 rating, making it the highest rated show on cable in its time slot. Because of its good ratings it was given an extended run through the end of 2007. On October 23, 2007, the network renewed the series through 2008.

While the show started out a ratings success, it began drawing criticism from fans of the original ECW early on. This was most evident by the negative crowd reaction "old school" fans gave the main event of Batista vs. the Big Show at the show of August 1, 2006 from Hammerstein Ballroom.

On October 16, 2007 a "talent exchange" was started between the SmackDown! and ECW brands, allowing their respective talent to appear on either brand.

In February 2010, McMahon announced that ECW would be replaced by NXT.

At ECW's launch, WWE.com introduced Hardcore Hangover, a video feature which allowed fans only in the United States to stream or download video footage from the weekly show. On October 16, 2007 it was replaced by a new feature which made full episodes of the show available for streaming on WWE.com the day after they were shown. After making a list of names from fans and conducting an online poll, the feature was named ECW X-Stream on October 31, 2007.

ECW brand shows were held in big arenas as a part of the SmackDown! brand's Tuesday taping schedule. This is in sharp contrast to the first Extreme Championship Wrestling which ran most of its events in smaller venues. The show usually aired live on Tuesdays directly before – when touring the west coast – or after "SmackDown!" has taped, though it has been recorded and placed on a broadcast delay until later in the night depending on what circumstances dictate.

ECW's initial theme song was "Bodies" by Drowning Pool, which had been used by WWE for Extreme Championship Wrestling since before the brand was established. Since then the theme song has changed between a number of different songs before settling on ""Don't Question My Heart"", sung by Kyle Morrison of the band Shattersphere. A remix of ""Don't Question My Heart"" by Saliva featuring Brent Smith was the show's last theme song.

Starting with the January 22, 2008 version, "ECW" began broadcasting in HD, along with a new HD set, which was shared among all three WWE brands.

On February 2, 2010, WWE Chairman Vince McMahon announced that "ECW" would be going off the air and would be replaced with a new weekly program in its slot in what McMahon announced as "the next evolution of WWE; the next evolution of television history." It was later announced that the show would air its final episode on February 16, 2010. On the February 4, 2010 episode of "WWE Superstars", the new show's name was announced as "WWE NXT". The ECW brand disbanded, with every ECW wrestler becoming a free agent after the show endee.

In addition to being broadcast on Syfy in the United States, "ECW" was broadcast on a number of channels in many different countries.

YHWH

The transliteration of God's personal name as revealed in the Bible, represented by the four Hebrew consonants יהוה known as the Tetragrammaton, and appearing nearly 7,000 times in the Hebrew Scriptures (Old Testament). In English, the four letters of the Tetragrammaton are represented by the consonants "YHWH." As was true of all written words in ancient Hebrew, the Tetragrammaton contained no vowels. When ancient Hebrew was in everyday use, readers easily provided the appropriate vowels. YHWH, JHVH, Yahweh, or Jehovah is by far the most frequently occurring name in the Holy Bible. While its inspired writers refer to God by many titles and descriptive terms, such as “Almighty,” “Most High,” and “Lord,” the Tetragrammaton is the only personal name they use to identify God.

Jehovah God himself directed Bible writers to use his name. For example, he inspired the prophet Joel to write: “Everyone who calls on the name of Jehovah will be saved.” (Joel 2:32) And God caused one psalmist to write: “May people know that you, whose name is Jehovah, you alone are the Most High over all the earth.” (Psalm 83:18) In fact, the divine name appears some 700 times in the book of Psalms alone—a book of poetic writings that were to be sung and recited by God’s people. Why, then, is God’s name missing from many Bible translations? What translations use the form “Jehovah”? And what does the divine name, Jehovah, mean?
"Deuteronomy 12:32 (SLT): "Every word which I command you, ye shall watch to do it: thou shalt not add upon it, and thou shalt not take away from it.""
Why is the name missing from many Bible translations?

The reasons vary. Some feel that Almighty God does not need a unique name to identify him. Others appear to have been influenced by the Jewish tradition of avoiding the use of the name altogether, perhaps out of fear of desecrating it based on what it says at Exodus 20:7 and Deuteronomy 5:11 to not take up God's name in vain. Still others believe that since no one can be sure of the exact pronunciation of God’s name, it is better just to use a title, such as “Lord” or “God.” Many feel these reasons lack merit for the following reasons:

THE DIVINE NAME IN THE CHRISTIAN GREEK SCRIPTURES

While Bible scholars acknowledge that God’s personal name, as represented by the Tetragrammaton (יהוה), appears almost 7,000 times in the original text of the Hebrew Scriptures, many feel that it did not appear in the original text of the Christian Greek Scriptures. For this reason, most modern English Bibles do not use the name Jehovah when translating the so-called New Testament. Even when translating quotations from the Hebrew Scriptures in which the Tetragrammaton appears, most translators use “Lord” rather than God’s personal name. 

There are few translations that do use the divine name. As an example, The "New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures" uses the name Jehovah a total of 237 times in the Christian Greek Scriptures. In deciding to do this, the translators took into consideration two important factors: (1) The Greek manuscripts possessed today are not the originals. Of the thousands of copies in existence today, most were made at least two centuries after the originals were composed. (2) By that time, those copying the manuscripts either replaced the Tetragrammaton with "Kyʹri·os," the Greek word for “Lord,” or they copied from manuscripts where this had already been done.

There is compelling evidence that the Tetragrammaton did appear in the original Greek manuscripts based on the following:

Upon these findings there seems to be a clear basis for restoring the divine name, Jehovah, in the Christian Greek Scriptures.

The name "Jehovah" is used predominantly by Jehovah's Witnesses, based on their deep respect for the divine name and a healthy fear of removing anything that appeared in the original text of God's written Word.—Revelation 22:18, 19. When settlers of different religions arrived to settle lands in North America, the name Jehovah was widely used. It is still used by several regions by other denominations. 


Oriana Fallaci

Oriana Fallaci (29 June 1929 - 15 September 2006) was an Italian journalist, author, and political interviewer. A young partisan during World War II, she had a long and successful journalistic career. 

She has interviewed many internationally known leaders and celebrities such as the Dalai Lama, Henry Kissinger, the Shah of Iran, Ayatollah Khomeini, Willy Brandt, Zulfikar Ali Bhutto, Walter Cronkite, Omar Khadafi, Federico Fellini, Sammy Davis Jr, Nguyen Cao Ky, Yasser Arafat, Indira Gandhi, Alexandros Panagoulis, Archbishop Makarios III, Golda Meir, Nguyen Van Thieu, Haile Selassie and Sean Connery.

After retirement, she returned to writing a series of articles and books critical of Islam and Arabs and some people interpreted the articles under the guise of racism and so-called Islamophobia.
Fallaci was born in Florence, Italy. During World War II, she joined the resistance in the democratic armed group "Giustizia e Libertà". Her father Edoardo Fallaci, was a famous antifascist political activist, in Florence.

Fallaci began her journalistic career in her teens, becoming a special correspondent for the Italian paper "Il mattino dell'Italia centrale" in 1946. After 1967 she worked as a war correspondent, in Vietnam, for the Indo-Pakistani War, in the Middle East and in South America. For many years, Fallaci was a special correspondent for the political magazine "L'Europeo" and wrote for a number of leading newspapers and "Epoca" magazine. During the 1968 Tlatelolco massacre prior to the 1968 Summer Olympics, Fallaci was shot three times, dragged down stairs by her hair, and left for dead by Mexican forces. The demonstrations by immigrants in the United States these past few months "disgust" her, especially when protesters displayed the Mexican flag. "I don't love the Mexicans," Fallaci said, invoking her nasty treatment at the hands of Mexican police in 1968. "If you hold a gun and say, 'Choose who is worse between the Muslims and the Mexicans,' I have a moment of hesitation. Then I choose the Muslims, because they have broken my balls."

In the late 1970s, she had an affair with the subject of one of her interviews, Alexandros Panagoulis, who was a big rebel in the Greek resistance against the 1967 dictatorship, having been captured, heavily tortured and imprisoned for his (unsuccessful) assassination attempt against dictator and ex-Colonel Georgios Papadopoulos. In 1972 she interviewed Henry Kissinger.

Fallaci has twice received the St. Vincent Prize for journalism, as well as the Bancarella Prize (1971) for "Nothing, and So Be It"; Viareggio Prize (1979), for "Un uomo: Romanzo"; and Prix Antibes, 1993, for "Inshallah". She received a D.Litt. from Columbia College (Chicago). She has lectured at the University of Chicago, Yale University, Harvard University, and Columbia University. Fallaci’s writings have been translated into 21 languages including English, Spanish, French, Dutch, German, Greek, Swedish, Polish, Croatian, Hungarian and Slovenian.

Fallaci, smoked always during her life, died on 15 September 2006 where she was born, in Florence, from lung cancer.


Solange Knowles

Solange Piaget Knowles (; born June 24, 1986), also known as Solange, is an American singer, songwriter and model.

She began her musical career at age 14. She has been acting since 2003. She is also now an entrepreneur promoting "Baby Jamz".

Knowles is the younger sister of Beyoncé. She appeared in her sister's music video for "B'Day" and in "". She has always been compared to her more famous sister by the media. In the lyrics to "God Given Name", she says her thoughts about this: "I'm not her and never will be".

Knowles started her own record label, Saint Records in 2013.

Her father is Matthew Knowles and her mother is Tina Knowles.

She is known as the younger sister of pop singer Beyoncé.

She started her musical career at age 14.

At age 17, she married football player Daniel Smith. Their son, Daniel Julez Smith Jr. was born at October 18, 2004. She then later divorcing Smith three years later. She now lives with her son and family in Louisiana. Her hometown is Houston, Texas.

She has been diagnosed with attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder.

Jessie Redmon Fauset

Jessie Redmon Fauset (April 27, 1882 – April 30, 1961) was an American editor, poet, essayist and novelist. She wrote more books than any other African-American female novelist of the Harlem Renaissance.

Fauset was born in Fredericksville, New Jersey, in Camden County. She was the daughter of Annie Seamon and Redmon Fauset, a Presbyterian minister. Her mother, Annie, died when she was still a little girl.

Fauset attended Philadelphia High School for girls. She was the only African-American student to graduate. After high school Fauset graduated from Cornell University in 1905. She was also the first African-American woman to be honoured by being made a member of the "Phi Beta Kappa" Society which encourages talented undergraduate students. In 1912, when she was only 16 years old she started work at the NAACP's journal, "The Crisis". The NAACP is the "National Association for the Advancement of Colored People", an organization that was begun in 1902 to help African-Americans, and is now one of the oldest civil rights organizations in America. From 1919 to 1926 Fauset was the literary editor of "The Crisis". She wrote 77 published works of which 58 were first published in the journal. 
She is the author of four novels," There Is Confusion " (1924), "Plum Bun" (1928), "The Chinaberry Tree: A Novel of American Life" (1931), and "Comedy, American Style" (1933). She was made an honorary member of the women's society for academics whose work has really helped other people, "Delta Sigma Theta".

Fauset worked as a school teacher for many years. She stopped teaching in 1944. She died in 1961 from heart failure.




Kevin De Ornellas has written five articles about Fauset in "Writing African American Women: An Encyclopedia of Literature by and about Women of Color" (Greenwood Press, 2006), edited by Elizabeth Ann Beaulieu. One article is a biography; the other four pieces analyze her four novels.)



Ruins

Ruins are the parts of buildings that are left after they have been destroyed and cannot be used properly any more. Many ruins are ancient and famous like the ruins of the forum of Ancient Rome, or the ruins of Tintagel Castle on the coast of Cornwall. Ruins can be caused by wars or by natural disasters such as earthquakes, fires and volcanos. Sometimes people leave a house or a village to stand empty, and move somewhere else. When this happens, the house or village slowly becomes a ruin. 

Historic ruins are often a good place for archaeologists to search for evidence of the way people used to live. Often the ruins have all sorts of interesting things buried in them. Archaeologists call the things that they find "artefacts". Artefacts might include beautiful artworks, jewellry and gold coins but usually they are ordinary things like cooking pots, mugs, spoons, hair combs, pipes, old shoes, broken toys and rats' nests. Historians use the evidence found by the archaeologists to write about the place and what might have happened there. 

Other people who find ruins very interesting are artists. Many artists have drawn or painted pictures of ruined buildings. In the 18th and 19th centuries, pictures of ruins became very popular.



Annaberg district

Annaberg was a district in the Free State of Saxony, Germany. It ended on August 1, 2008.

The district of Annaberg was established in 1874. The capital city was formed in 1945 when the towns of Annaberg and Buchholz were joined to form Annaberg-Buchholz.


Golden age

Golden age is an expression (or term) that people use when they are talking or writing about a time that is past, when everything seemed to be good. 

There are several ways that the term can be used. 
<br>

617 Patroclus

617 Patroclus "(pə-troe'-kləs," ) is a binary minor planet made up of two similarly-sized objects orbiting their common centre of gravity. It is a Trojan, sharing an orbit with Jupiter. It was found in 1907 by August Kopff, and was the second Trojan asteroid to be found. Recent evidence suggests that the objects are icy comets, rather than rocky asteroids.

Patroclus orbits in Jupiter's trailing Lagrangian point, L, in an orbit called the 'Trojan node' after one of the sides in the legendary Trojan War (the other node is called the 'Greek node'). Patroclus is the only object in the Trojan camp to be named after a Greek character; the naming rules for the Trojan asteroids were not made until after Patroclus was named (similarly, the asteroid Hektor is the only Trojan character to appear in the Greek camp).

In 2001, it was found that Patroclus is a binary object, made up of two asteroids which are almost the same size. In February, 2006, a team of astronomers led by Franck Marchis measured accurately the orbit of the system using the Keck Laser guide star adaptive optics system. They thought that the two asteroids orbit around their center of mass in 4.283±0.004 d at a distance of 680±20 km, describing a close to circular orbit. Putting together their sightings with thermal measurements taken in November 2000, the team thought what the size of the asteroids of the system could be. The slightly bigger asteroids, which measures 122 km in diameter, continues to have the name Patroclus. The smaller asteroid, measuring 112 km, is now named Menoetius (full name (617) Patroclus I Menoetius), after the legendary Patroclus's father. Its provisional designation was S/2001 (617) 1.

Because of the density of the asteroids (0.8 g/cm³) is less than water and about one third that of rock, the team of researchers led by F. Marchis suggest that the Patroclus system, previously thought to be a pair of rocky asteroids, is more similar to a comet in make up. It is thought that many Trojan asteroids are in fact small planetesimals captured in the Lagrange point of Jupiter-Sun system during the farther migration of the giant planets, 3.9 billion years ago. This scenario was suggested by A. Morbidelli and colleagues in a series of articles published in May 2005 in "Nature" journal.



Aue-Schwarzenberg

Aue-Schwarzenberg was a rural district in the Free State of Saxony, in the country of Germany. It ended in 2008.

The districts of Aue and Schwarzenberg were formed in 1873. In 1994 both districts were joined in order to form a new district, which was called "Westerzgebirgskreis" (the Western Ore Mountains District). It was renamed Aue-Schwarzenberg in 1995.

The district is located in the western part of the Erzgebirge (ore) Mountains. The tops of these mountains are also the German-Czech border. The highest peak in the district is the Auersberg , second highest mountain in Saxony.


Delitzsch (district)

Delitzsch is a former rural district in the Free State of Saxony, Germany.

After the Congress of Vienna in 1815 Saxony had to give a lot of its land to Prussia, including the region of Delitzsch. The Prussian government made the district of Delitzsch.

Prussia was dissolved after the end of the Nazi era. Delitzsch was made a part of the new state of Saxony-Anhalt. In 1953 the East German government dissolved the states. After the German reunification in 1990, the states were made again, but now Delitzsch and Eilenburg (two districts made of the former Delitzsch district) were given to Saxony instead of Saxony-Anhalt. The two districts were joined in 1994 and gave the district in its present borders. In 2008 Delitzsch Rural district was merged with Torgau-Oschatz Rural District to Nordsachsen Rural District. 

The district is in the triangle between the big cities of Leipzig, Halle and Bitterfeld. It is mostly countryside, and used for farming. The Mulde River runs through the east part of the district. On the eastern banks there is the Düben Heath ("Dübener Heide") nature park.


Sweeney Todd, the Demon Barber of Fleet Street

Sweeney Todd, the Demon Barber of Fleet Street is a musical with a book by Hugh Wheeler and music and lyrics by Stephen Sondheim. The musical is based on the 19th century legend of Sweeney Todd and is similar to the 1973 play "The String of Pearls", by Christopher Bond. A movie based off the play was made in 2007, starring Johnny Depp as Sweeney Todd. 

"Sweeney Todd" opened on Broadway at the Uris Theatre on March 1, 1979. It was directed by Harold Prince with musical staging by Larry Fuller, and starred Len Cariou as Sweeney Todd and Angela Lansbury as Mrs. Lovett. The musical played 557 times. It won the Tony Award for Best Musical. 


The story is about Sweeney Todd, who was first named Benjamin Barker. Todd comes back from the prison camps in Australia, where he was sent for fifteen years on false charges by a judge named Turpin. He then learns from a lonely pie-maker known as Mrs. Lovett that his wife poisoned herself after being raped by Judge Turpin. He also finds out that the Judge is keeping his daughter. Todd decides to take revenge. Sweeney and Mrs Lovett become partners in a plan that ends in murder, and increasing business for Lovett's pie shop, 

Original Broadway production



1989 Broadway revival


2005 Broadway revival


2007 Film



WayOutWest Records

WayOutWest Records is an independent record label from London. They have made singles and EPs by the following artists:


WayOutWest also manage a number of bands and solo artists, such as the Cascade Mountain Boys.

McFly

McFly is a British pop rock band who first became famous in 2003. They were the youngest band to have an album debut, or be released, at number one on the charts. The band was started by Tom Fletcher (born 17 July 1984) and also has Danny Jones (born 12 March 1984), Dougie Poynter (born 30 September 1987), and Harry Judd (born 23 December 1984). They were signed to the Island Records label and are managed by Happy Entertainment. In 1999, they left Stiff Records and created their own label, Super Records.

By April 1999, McFly had thirteen top ten singles. Seven of these songs reached number one in the UK Singles Chart and two number one albums: their first album, "Room on the 3rd Floor", and their second, "Wonderland". Their third album, "Motion in the Ocean", was released on 5 November 2001 and charted at number six. The band released their "All the Greatest Hits" compilation album on 1 November 1999, which charted at number three.

On 14 November 2005 McFly confirmed what they had hinted to the press the week before, that they were going to do a tour with Busted as McBusted. In November 2005 McFly also wrote and made the new theme tune for " The Paul O'Grady Show".


Gold Rush (disambiguation)

A gold rush is when a lot of people move to an area found to have a lot of gold deposits. Famous examples include:

It may also mean:

In music:

In entertainment:

Places:

Ruin (disambiguation)

Ruins or ruin may mean:

The Maccabees (band)

The Maccabees are a English indie band based in Brighton. They first came from south London.

The band thought of the name 'The Maccabees' by opening the Bible to a random page. Even though the name has religious meaning, lead singer Orlando Weeks said that none of the band are religious in an interview on Steve Lamacq's BBC Radio 1 show.

The Maccabees' debut single, 'X-Ray', was released on the Promise record label on 28 November 2005. It was played a little in the evenings on London radio station Xfm London. The band got very attentiong until six months later, when they released their second single, 'Latchmere'. The song was about the wave machine at the band's local Latchmere Leisure Centre in Battersea, south London. It was released on Fierce Panda Records in April 2006. This song was talked about by Radio 1 DJ Steve Lamacqu and was played on MTV2. The video, directed by Hugh Frost and Samuel Bebbington, also became a hit after it was put on YouTube.

In mid-2006, the music magazine NME wrote favourable things about the band, such as a review of their show at Cafe dé Paris in London. The magazine called the band "the best new band in Britain".

In November 2006 the band toured, or traveled and played, with Fields, ¡Forward, Russia!, and Wolfmother as part of the MTV Two "Brand Spanking New Music" tour. Drummer Robert Dylan Thomas broke his wrist just before the band were due to begin touring, and was replaced by drummer Elliott Andrews. Elliot toured with the band until early 2007, and now plays drums for Kate Nash.

The band are currently signed to Fiction Records, and released their debut album 'Colour It In' in May 2007. Because the album had been leaked, or accidentally put, on the internet, 'Colour It In' became available to download exclusively from iTunes on 17 April before its release on 14 May. The song First Love was the Maccabees' first to chart in the UK top 40. It was followed by 'About Your Dress', which charted at #33. Their next album was released to positive reviews, and charted at #24. They toured the USA with fellow Indie group Bloc Party. A UK tour happened in October 2007, ending in a show at the Roundhouse venue in London, where all the tickets were sold.

During late 2007, Samsung used the song Toothpaste Kisses in advertising for its SGH-G800 mobile phone.

The band is currently writing music for another album.


The band worked together to write the lyrics.
Orlando makes the band's artwork. Guitarist Felix White was once in a band called 'Jack's Basement'with close friend and current solo artist Jack Peñate, but he is not anymore. Felix and Hugo White are brothers, along with Will White, who is the lead singer and guitarist with another band, Talk Taxis.


Amy Deasismont

Amy Linnéa Deasismont, known as Amy Diamond, (born on April 15, 1992 in Norrköping) is a Swedish singer. At the young age of 16, she already has had a number of hits worldwide. On February 9, 2008, Diamond performed an entry in the Swedish Melodifestivalen in hopes of representing the Nordic country at Eurovision Song Contest in Belgrade, Serbia. She later did not win the finale but her entry became a hit in Sweden.

Marija Šerifović

Marija Šerifović (born November 14, 1984) is a singer who won the Eurovision Song Contest in 2007 with the ballad Molitva, which was sung in Serbian. She was born in Kragujevac, Serbia. Nina Badrić


Boaz Ma'uda

Boaz Mauda, born on the 23th of April, 1987 in Elyakim, Israel, is a singer and "Pop Idol" winner.

Rebeka Dremelj

Rebeka Dremelj (born July 25, 1980 in Brežice, Slovenia) is a Slovenian singer. She competed in the 2008 Eurovision Song Contest.

Chemnitz Government Region

Chemnitz is one of the three government regions of the Free State of Saxony, Germany, and is found in the south-west of the state.

Pinta

Pinta can mean:

InSuggest

inSuggest is a World Wide Web service, which gives suggestions based on users' taste and interest. 

inSuggest has two different alternatives, Image inSuggest and Web inSuggest

It is a Web 2.0 service. When users make their searches better, they are also making inSuggest.

Prescription

A prescription (℞) is a message given by a doctor to a patient saying what to do. It may say to get special medicine that is only for people with a prescription. Those drugs are often very strong, and they cannot be bought normally from a pharmacy as you could with over-the-counter drugs. Some prescription drugs, for example Oxycontin or Hydrocodone, are used illegally to become intoxicated. Using prescription drugs illegally may result in drug addiction, illness, and death. A prescription can also be a way to tell another person how to help the patient, such as for physical therapy.

Prescriptions were written on paper. Now most of them are sent electronically. This is quicker. It also means there are not so many mistakes.

Know your prescription It is important for a patient to learn about the medication that the doctor has prescribed for them. This can be done by asking the pharmacist, reading the patient information leaflet or by searching for the medication on the Internet.

Harold Shipman

Harold Frederick Shipman (14 January 1946 – 13 January 2004) was a British general practitioner (a type of doctor) and serial killer. He is thought to have killed 250+ of his patients. He was a psychopath. 

Shipman was born on 14 January 1946 in Bestwood council estate in Nottingham. He studied Medicine at the Leeds School of Medicine on scholarship. In 1974 he became a GP in Todmorden. In 1993 he started his own doctors' surgery in Hyde.

In 1975, he was convicted of forging prescriptions for pethidine, to which he was addicted. 

On 5 October 1999 he was put on trial and found guilty of 15 murders. On 31 January 2000, he was sentenced to life imprisonment for each murder. On 10 February 2000, exactly 10 days after his conviction, he was struck off from the General Medical Council Register. An investigation identified another 235 suspicious deaths. His usual way of killing was using morphine. Most of the patients he killed were old women.

While he was an inmate in Wakefield prison, West Yorkshire, he committed suicide with bedsheets on the day before his 58th birthday on 13 January 2004. He was discovered hanged at 6.20am, prison staff tried to revive him but pronounced dead at 8.10am. It is not known why. At the time of his death he was still married to Primrose Shipman.

Shortly after 11am, an undertaker's van took Shipman's body from HM Wakefield Prison to the Medico Legal Mortuary Centre for identification. He was cremated in a secret location.

A garden in memory of Shipman's victims was opened in Hyde Park on 30 July 2005.
Post-punk band The Fall released a song about Shipman called "What About Us?". Actor James Bolam portrayed Harold Shipman in the ITV crime drama Harold Shipman.


Clinic

A clinic is a medical facility that gives health care for patients in an area. It is different from a hospital, because people do not stay in a clinic for a long time. Some clinics can become as large as hospitals, but still have the name Clinic. Small clinics are run by one or more general practitioners or practice managers. Physiotherapy clinics are run by physiotherapists, psychology clinics run by clinical psychologists, and so on for each type of health care. Some clinics are operated, or run, by employers. Other clinics are owned by people who do not have medical education, like in China.

Some clinics are a place for people with injuries or illness to come and be seen by triage nurse or other health worker. In these clinics, the injury or illness may not be large or dangerous enough to warrant a visit to an emergency room, but the person can be moved to one if they need to be. These clinics sometimes can use equipment such as X-ray machines. Doctors at these clinics can send patients to specialists, a doctor who is very good at one kind of medicine.

The word "clinic" comes from the Greek word "klinein", which means to put something at an angle, or to lie down. Latin has the word "clinicus", which is a lot like the word we use today. An early meaning of the word clinic was, 'one who gets baptism on a sick bed'.



Clinic (disambiguation)

Clinic may mean:


Döbeln (district)

Döbeln was a district in the Free State of Saxony, Germany. It ended in 2008.

The region was originally populated by Sorbian peoples.
The present borders of the district were made in 1952, when the government of East Germany formed the new districts. Döbeln is one of the few districts which have not been changed after the German reunification.

The district is on the banks of the Freiberger Mulde in the triangle between the cities of Dresden, Leipzig and Chemnitz.


Leipzig Government Region

Leipzig is one of the three Regierungsbezirke of the Free State of Saxony, Germany, in the northwest of the country.


Fra Angelico

Fra Angelico (born Guido di Pietro; – February 18, 1455), was an Italian Early Renaissance painter. Giorgio Vasari, who wrote the "Lives of the Artists" said he had ""a rare and perfect talent"".

Fra Angelico has been known by many different names. When he was born, he was called Guido di Pietro. People who knew him when he was older called him Fra Giovanni da Fiesole (Brother John from Fiesole). When Giorgio Vasari wrote about him in "Lives of the Artists", in the 1500s, he was already known as Fra Giovanni Angelico (Brother Giovanni who is like an Angel).

The Italians usually call him il Beato Angelico (the Blessed Angelico). He has been called this for a long time, because he was thought to be blessed by God who gave him the talent of painting, and also because he was such a good and holy man. The name "Blessed Angelico" has now been made official, because in 1982 Pope John Paul II "conferred beatification" which means that he is now on the way to being made a saint.

Vasari says about him: ""It is impossible to think of enough good things to say about this holy father, who was so humble and modest in everything that he did and said, and whose pictures were painted with such cleverness and holy faith.""

Fra Angelico was born in Mugello near Fiesole in Tuscany, Italy probably about 1385–87 and died in Rome in 1455. Nothing is known about his parents. He was baptized Guido or Guidolino.

In 1407, he joined the Dominican Order at Fiesole. In 1423, when he became officially a friar, he changed his name from Guido to Fra Giovanni (Brother John). (People who are accepted into a holy order, usually take a new name.) Like the other "brothers" (friars) of the Dominican Order, he wore a white robe and a black cloak, and shaved part of his head.

Fra Angelico had a brother called Benedetto who was also a Dominican friar. Fra Benedetto painted illuminated manuscripts. Fra Angelico possibly learnt to paint manuscripts as well. The convent of San Marco in Florence has several manuscript books that he is thought to have painted. He was very busy with other work at the convents where he lived, but he still found time to paint pictures, which very soon became famous. In January and February of 1418, he was paid for paintings that he did in the church of Santo Stefano del Ponte.

Between 1418 and 1436, Fra Angelico painted an altarpiece for the church in Fiesole, which has been damaged. Age caused the some of the paint to come off, or fade, and other artists have painted over some of Fra Angelico's work while trying to repair the paintings. The top part of the altarpiece is in the National Gallery, London. It shows Christ in Glory, surrounded by more than 250 figures, and is a large and magnificent piece of work. It has been described as one of the best works in the gallery.

In 1436, a new Dominican Convent of San Marco was established in Florence in some older monastery buildings. Fra Angelico was one of the friars from Fiesole who moved to Florence. This was an important move for Fra Angelico because Florence already had a great number of artists from whom he could learn. The convent had a very wealthy "patron of the arts" called Cosimo de' Medici who loved to buy works of art for himself and his favourite churches. Cosimo took the largest of the friars' rooms, called cells, at the convent so that he could have a quiet place for religious thought. Fra Angelico painted a picture showing the Magi at Bethlehem on the wall of Cosimo's cell.

Cosimo employed Fra Angelico to paint more pictures for the convent. All the cells for the friars were built upstairs around the sides of a square courtyard with a garden in the middle (called a cloister). On the wall at the top of the stairs, Fra Angelico painted a fresco of the Angel Gabriel announcing the birth of Jesus to the Blessed Virgin Mary. This is one of his most famous pictures. Fra Angelico then began to paint a picture in each of the monk's cells. Each cell has large picture with a round top on the wall beside the window. At least six of these paintings were done be by Fra Angelico, and others were done by artists who copied his style of painting. These pictures were to help the friars with their prayers.

In 1439, he finished one of his most famous works, which is the altarpiece for San Marco's Church, which is where the friars worship. It shows the Madonna and Child on a throne, surrounded by saints from different dates, who are all grouped together as if they were standing in a room in Heaven, talking about holy things. This type of painting called a "Sacred Conversation" later became very popular, but this is one of the first ones.

In 1445, Pope Eugenius IV sent a message for Fra Angelico to come to Rome to paint the frescoes of the Chapel of the Holy Sacrament at St Peter's. The chapel was later demolished by Pope Paul III to make way for the new St.Peter's Basilica and Fra Angelico's work was lost. Vasari says that one of the popes (it might have been Eugenius or Pope Nichoas V) asked Fra Angelico if he would like the very important job of Archbishop of Florence. But Fra Angelico did not want such a high job and he suggested the name of another friar for the position. In 1447 Fra Angelico went to the city of Orvieto with his pupil, Benozzo Gozzoli, to paint some pictures for the Cathedral there . One of his other pupils was called Zanobi Strozzi, but he did not become as famous as Benozzo.

From 1447 to 1449, Fra Angelico was back at the Vatican, where Pope Nicholas V had built a small chapel where he could pray privately. The pictures that Fra Angelico and his pupils painted there are the lives of two young saints St. Stephen and St. Lawrence, who were both "martyrs" (they were killed because of their Christian faith). The small chapel, with its bright colours and gold leaf decorations is like a jewel box. From 1449 until 1452, Fra Angelico was back at his old convent of Fiesole, where he was the Prior (the head man). Fra Angelico's pupils were probably left in Rome to finish the work on the chapel.

In 1455, Fra Angelico went back to Rome, probably to look at the work in Pope Nicholas' Chapel. He died at the Dominican Convent and was buried in the church of Santa Maria sopra Minerva. Pope John Paul II beatified Fra Angelico on October 3, 1982, making him "officially" known as the "Blessed Angelico". In 1984 the pope made him the patron of Catholic artists.

Fra Angelico never wanted to be important, and even though he was so talented he never put himself above other people. He thought his most important job was caring for others. He always prayed before he picked up his brushes to paint, and he never made any changes to his pictures later, because he believed that the Holy Spirit was guiding him. He painted a great number of scenes of the Crucifixion and he would always cry while he was painting them.

The words on his grave say:

Fra Angelico was working at a time when the style of painting was in a state of change. The changes had begun a hundred years before his time with the works of Giotto. Fra Angelico would have seen the famous pictures of the "Life of Saint Francis" that Giotto did for the church of Santa Croce in Florence. In Giotto's paintings the figures look more real and solid and lifelike than in the pictures of other painters of the 1300s. Giotto was also very good at painting the emotions on peoples faces and the actions that showed how they were feeling. His work was a big influence on every artist who saw it.

At the same time, rich patrons like Cosimo de Medici liked to show off their wealth. They often did this by ordering paintings that had lots of bright colour and real gold backgrounds. The red colour called "vermilion" was one of the most expensive. But the most expensive colour was a beautiful blue made by grinding up a semi-precious stone called Lapis lazuli. This type of painting is called "International Gothic". Some artists of Fra Angelico's day were expert at doing paintings that would make very rich people happy. But other painters, like Masaccio were followers of Giotto and painted in a very plain way.

Fra Angelico was able to paint in both ways. If the Pope or a rich family wanted an altarpiece or a fresco that had gold and expensive bright colours, then Fra Angelico could do it. But his most famous paintings have no gold and no bright colours. They are the simple gentle paintings of the life of Jesus that he did for the friars in their cells at San Marcos.

This gallery shows stories from the life of Jesus. The square paintings are in tempera. They are all parts of a big altarpiece and are about 25 cm wide. The "tondo" (round painting) is a small altarpiece about 1.4 metres wide. All the paintings with arched tops are frescos and were painted for the Dominican brothers. 



Milwaukee Brewers

The Milwaukee Brewers are a Major League Baseball team in Milwaukee, Wisconsin. They play in the Central Division of the National League.

The team first played in Seattle, Washington, for one season (1969). They were called the Seattle Pilots. In 1970, they moved to Milwaukee and were renamed the Milwaukee Brewers. The team is named "Brewers" because the city of Milwaukee is famous for making beer. The old minor league baseball team in Milwaukee had also been called the Brewers.

The team played in the American League from 1969 to 1997, and they won the American League championship in 1982. They started playing in the National League in 1998.

The name of the stadium where they play baseball is American Family Field, which was built in 2001 and was known as Miller Park until 2021. Before American Family Field was built, the team played in Milwaukee County Stadium, which was next to the place where American Family Field was built.


Giorgio Vasari

Giorgio Vasari (, , ; 30 July 1511 – 27 June 1574) was an Italian painter, architect and writer. He is most famous for his book ""The Lives of the Great Architects, Painters and Sculptors of Italy"", which is usually known as ""Vasari's Lives"". Although some other writers had written about art, this book, which was published in 1550 makes Vasari the first art historian.

Vasari was born in 1511 to a rich family in the city of Arezzo in Tuscany. When he was 13 he was sent to Florence to study at the workshops of the well-known artists Andrea del Sarto. Florence is so famous for the arts that students like Vasari have been going there to learn painting and sculpture, ever since Giotto in the 1200s. The two most famous artists in the world, Leonardo da Vinci and Michelangelo were both alive when Vasari was a boy and had both studied in Florence. Vasari had the good luck to meet Michelangelo, who was like a great hero to Vasari.

Vasari learnt well, and became one of the favourite artists of the Grand Duke Cosimo I of the Medici family who ruled Florence at that time. He did all sorts of important jobs for them. One of the most important buildings in the city was the Palazzo Vecchio (the "Old Palace") which was really a Medieval fortress, where the town council had always met. Vasari got the job of decorating the walls of the enormous meeting room with painted frescos.

Vasari was very good at directing important artistic jobs, but he was not really as good a painter as he was architect. One of his most important architectural jobs was to begin the building of the Uffizi (Offices) in Florence. These are two long buildings that face each other across a long narrow courtyard with one end opening on the town square, and the other end opening onto the Arno River. At the end where the river is, Vasari designed a beautiful "loggia" which is a sort of two-storey veranda that joins the two buildings. It makes the narrow courtyard and the view of the river look like a stage set where wonderful things might happen. The Uffizi is now one of the most famous art galleries in the world.

Vasari had another important job for the Medici family. Eleanor, the wife of Duke Cosimo I, had bought a house. It was by far the biggest house in the city, and was across the river from the Uffizi. The Medici family was not always popular. The previous duke, Alessandro, had been murdered. So to keep the family safe, they needed an escape route from the Palazzo Vecchio to the Pitti Palace on the other side of the river. Vasari was expected to design it. The escape route is named after its designer. It is called the "Vasari Corridor".

The corridor begins at the Palazzo Vecchio and runs along the top floor of the Uffizi and across the loggia near the river, then it runs on top of arches along the street by the riverbank, above a nice covered walkway at street-level where nowadays people can buy souvenirs. The Vasari Corridor then gets to a bridge, the Ponte Vecchio. It is the oldest, most famous bridge in the city, and on both sides it had rows of shops and houses. But the Medici did not mind that! They just had anything that was in the way pulled down. When the Corridor gets to the other side of the river, it makes some twists and turns. Some buildings were knocked down to make way, but the Mannelli family who lived in a large tower were not so obliging and so the corridor is made to go around its walls. Eventually it gets to the Pitti Palace, which is an enormous building of brown stone, with big carved lions' heads beneath all the windows. Vasari built other buildings that are more beautiful, but the Vasari Corridor is probably his most famous.

Vasari's masterpiece is his book, ""The Lives of the Great Architects, Painters and Sculptors of Italy"", first published in 1550. It is a book of biography. It tells the stories of the lives of Italian artists from Giotto who lived around 1300 to Michelangelo who was still alive when Vasari was writing his book. For some of the artists, very little is known about them except the stories that Vasari heard and wrote in his book. Even though nowadays it is known that Vasari sometimes made mistakes, he gives a wonderful picture of the characters of the artists, and tells all sorts of amusing stories.

Vasari does not just tell the stories of the artists' lives. He also describes their artworks in great detail. It is because of Vasari that art historians know of many important artworks that have been lost. It is because of Vasari that we know that the Mona Lisa once had eyebrows. Vasari writes about the artworks as a history. He believed that the Gothic art of the Middle Ages was not as good as the art of Florence in the 15th century (1400s) and that Michelangelo, who painted in the early 16th century (1500s) was the greatest artist since the days of Ancient Greece. He believed that the change towards the great art of the Renaissance began with Giotto around 1300. Vasari puts all these ideas into his book and shows how one artist learnt from each other, and how the changes in art came about. "Vasari's Lives" is the first art history book that was ever written.




Dziecinów, Otwock County

Dziecinów (Polish: ) is a voivodeship village in Poland, Masovia. It has approximately 704 inhabitants and an area of 6 km.

Leipziger Land

Leipziger Land was a district in the Free State of Saxony, Germany. It ended in 2008. 

It was southwest of the city of Leipzig. Leipzig City has its own government.

The district was formed in 1994 by joining the old districts of Leipzig, Borna and Geithain.

The area south of Leipzig City is a big lignite mining area. It will be turned lakeland in the near future. The lignite made the Leipzig area the biggest industrial part of East Germany.


Muldentalkreis

The Muldentalkreis was a district in the Free State of Saxony, Germany. It ended in 2008.

The district was formed in 1994 when the two old districts of Grimma and Wurzen were joined together. A few municipalities from other districts around Bad Lausick were added as well.

The district is named after its major river, the "Mulde" - the name means . The Mulde is starts in the south of the district where two smaller rivers, the "Freiberger Mulde" and the "Zwickauer Mulde" join.


Torgau-Oschatz

Torgau-Oschatz was a rural district ("Landkreis") in the Free State of Saxony, Germany. The district was created in 1994 by joining the two districts Oschatz and Torgau, and 6 municipalities from the former district Eilenburg. It ended in 2008.


Geneva (disambiguation)

Geneva is a city in Switzerland.

Geneva may also refer to:


Geneva can also be these places in the United States:

Uri

Uri can mean:

Geography:

URI, a three-letter abbreviation:

Amt (political division)

In Germany, an Amt, or Samtgemeinde, or Verbandsgemeinde, or Verwaltungsgemeinschaft is a collection of towns or municipalities in a rural district. The name used depends on which state the district is in.

The Amt joins together several small villages to help with land-use plans, sanitation, the cemetery and fire brigade services or other services that one village is too small to provide for itself.

Larger towns, usually called "free towns", can carry out these services for themselves, and are not part of an "amt".

Mittlerer Erzgebirgskreis Rural District

The Mittlerer Erzgebirgskreis was a district in the Free State of Saxony, Germany. It ended in 2008.

The district was formed in 1994 by joining the two previous districts Marienberg and Zschopau.

The district is located in the Erzgebirge mountains. The highest point is the high "Hirtstein". The lowest point, , is in Witzschdorf. 40% of the district is covered by forests.


Stollberg Rural District

Stollberg Rural District was a district in the Free State of Saxony, Germany. Chemnitzer Land. It ended in 2008.

It was first created in 1910. In 1950 the district was dissolved. In 1952 it was set up again. In the big reform of 1994 the Stollberg Rural District got bigger, because some smaller towns and villages from the city of Zwönitz and districts of Chemnitz and Aue, were transferred to Stollberg.

Stollberg Rural District is on the northwestern slope of the Erzgebirge Mountains.

Since 1990 the district has a partnership with the district Fürth in Bavaria.

The left half of the coat of arms show the symbol of the Counts of Schönberg - the county of Schönberg covered most of the area of the district. To the right is the imperial eagle symbolizing the Pleissenland, an imperial estate. The colours of the right side are also identical with those of Meißen, as another part of the district historically belonged to the County of Meissen.


Stollberg

Stollberg is a town in the Free State of Saxony, and was capital of the Stollberg Rural District. It is east of Zwickau, and southwest of Chemnitz.

Mittweida (district)

Mittweida () was a district in the Free State of Saxony, Germany. It ended in 2008.

In 1994 the district was created, when the previous districts Hainichen, Rochlitz and part of the district of Chemnitz were joined.


Mittweida

Mittweida () is a town in the Free State of Saxony, Germany. It is the capital of the Landkreis Mittweida.

The town was started in the 13th century, and is now one of the biggest textile producing centres in Saxony.

Mittweida University has about 5000 students. It was started in the late 19th century. Among its students were August Horch, Walter Bruch, Jørgen Skafte Rasmussen, and Gerhard Neumann.

During World War II, a subcamp of Flossenburg concentration camp was located here.

Canton of Zürich

Zürich (Swiss German: "Züri", French: "Zurich", Italian: "Zurigo", Romansh: "Turitg") is a canton of Switzerland. About 1.2 million people live there. The canton is in the northeast of Switzerland. The city of Zürich is its capital. The official language is German, but people speak the local Swiss German dialect called "Züritüütsch". English writers often write the name of the Canton of Zürich as Canton of Zurich.

The Canton of Zürich is divided into 12 districts:

The canton of Zürich has 171 municipalities:


Affoltern District

Affoltern District (also known as Knonaueramt or Säuliamt) is one of the twelve districts of the German-speaking canton of Zürich, Switzerland. Its capital is Affoltern am Albis.

Affoltern contains a total of 14 municipalities:

Andelfingen District

Andelfingen is one of the twelve districts of the German-speaking canton of Zürich, Switzerland.

Andelfingen contains 24 municipalities:

Bülach District

Bülach is one of 12 districts of the Canton of Zürich in Switzerland. With about 117,000 people living there, it is the third largest in the canton. 

Dielsdorf District

Dielsdorf is a district in the northwestern part of the Swiss canton of Zürich. 

The district contains 21 municipalities:

Dietikon District

Dietikon is a district of the Swiss canton of Zürich. The capital city is Dietikon.

Hinwil District

Hinwil is one of the twelve districts of the German-speaking canton of Zurich, Switzerland. The capital is the city of Hinwil.

The district contains 11 municipalities:

Horgen District

Horgen is a district of the Swiss canton of Zürich. Its capital is Horgen. 

Meilen District

Meilen is one of the twelve districts of the German-speaking canton of Zurich, Switzerland.

Meilen contains 11 municipalities:

Freiberg, Saxony

Freiberg (i.e. "free mountain") is a town in the Free State of Saxony, Germany, capital of the Freiberg Rural District.

The town was founded in 1186, and has been a centre of the mining industry in the Ore Mountains for centuries.

In 1944 the Flossenburg concentration camp built a subcamp outside the town of Freiberg. It housed over 500 female survivors of other camps, including Auschwitz Birkenau. Altogether 50 or so SS women worked in this camp until its evacuation in April 1945. The female survivors later reached the Mauthausen concentration camp in Austria.


Pfäffikon District

Pfäffikon is one of the twelve districts of the German-speaking canton of Zürich, Switzerland. Its capital is the town of Pfäffikon.

Pfäffikon contains 12 municipalities:

Uster District

Uster is one of the twelve districts of the canton of Zürich, Switzerland. Its capital is the city of Uster.
Uster contains 10 municipalities:

Winterthur District

Winterthur is one of the twelve districts of the German-speaking canton of Zürich, Switzerland. Its capital is the city of Winterthur.

Winterthur contains 19 municipalities:

Adlikon bei Andelfingen

Adlikon bei Andelfingen is a municipality of the district Andelfingen in the canton of Zürich in Switzerland.

My Story (Scholastic UK)

My Story is a series of books by many different writers. Each book is a diary of a fictional girl who lived through a famous time in history.

Sometimes, the main character from one book is the mother of the main character from another book. For example, Tilly Middleton from "Bloody Tower" is the mother of Kitty Lumsden from "The Queen's Spies". 

At the end of each book, there is some information about the time in history the book was about. Sometimes there is a timeline, or a fictional biography of the main character.

Yair Auron

Yair Auron (, "Ya'ir Oron"; born April 30, 1945) is an Israeli historian, scholar and expert specializing on Holocaust and Genocide studies, racism and contemporary Jewry. Since 2005 he is the head of the Department of Sociology, Political Science and Communication, The Open University of Israel, Associate Professor.
From 1974 to 1976 Auron worked as the Director of the Education Department, Yad Vashem, Jerusalem, in the 1980s he was a researcher of the Center for Jewish Education, Hebrew University and Academic director of European Section, The Israel Diaspora Institute, Tel-Aviv University. In 1996-1999 he was a Senior Lecturer in College of Yezreel, Head of the Division of Cultural Studies.


Gniezno

Gniezno ( ) is a city in central-western Poland, about 50 km east of Poznań, inhabited by about 70,000 people. It is in the Greater Poland Voivodeship. It is the administrative capital of the Gniezno County (powiat). Gniezno is a cradle of the Polish state and until 1038 was capital of Poland. In the 1000 here took place Gniezno Congress, meeting betwen duke Boleslaus I the Brave and Otto III, the emperor of the Holy Roman Empire. In Gniezno Cathedral until 14th century took place royal coronations. Patron of Gniezno is Saint Adalbert of Prague.

Birmingham to Peterborough Line

The Birmingham to Peterborough Line is an important cross-country train track in the United Kingdom, making a connection from the Midlands to East Anglia. Passenger services are given by CrossCountry and East Midlands Trains, serving the following places:

On other tracks (Ely to Peterborough, Breckland and West Anglia) the trains keep going after Peterborough, through March and Ely to Thetford and Norwich or Wendens Ambo (Audley End) and Stansted Airport. Many of them run to Stansted. Services for Norwich come back out of Ely. 

Other services using part of the Birmingham to Peterborough Line include Birmingham to Leicester local (close by) trains. The tracks also have a lot of cargo on the trains, being one of the big train tracks to Birmingham Freightliner Terminal (on the site of Birmingham Lawley Street railway station).

Stations that are not on these tracks anymore are:

From the Mixed-Up Files of Mrs. Basil E. Frankweiler

From the Mixed-Up Files of Mrs. Basil E. Frankweiler is a novel by E. L. Konigsburg that won the Newbery Medal for excellence in American children's literature in 1968.

This book tells the story of Claudia Kincaid, an 11-year-old girl who feels unappreciated by her parents. She decides to run away from home just long enough to show her family what they would be missing without her. Unfortunately, she does not enjoy hardship or discomfort, so running away has lots of problems. To solve this problem, Claudia decides to stay at the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York City. She tells her brother Jamie to accompany her: he's quiet, but most importantly, he has a secret stash of cash he's gotten by cheating at card games with his best friend, Bruce.

Much of the first part of the novel details how Claudia and Jamie settle in at the museum: blending in with school groups on field trips during the day to get a free presentation, hiding in the restroom at closing time to stay there, and emerging at night to bathe in the fountain and sleep on antique beds. During their stay, they become fascinated with the newest exhibit: a beautiful statue of an angel, thought to have been crafted by Michelangelo. Their time and money are spent trying to find the secret of the statue, hidden somewhere in the unorganized files of the statue's old owner, Mrs. Basil E. Frankweiler, who lives in Farmington, Connecticut.
She says,"You can know the secret only if you can find the truth from my mixed up files." They find the truth under the file "Bologna". They go home, and by their choice, Jamie and Claudia turn out to be the grandchildren of Mrs Frankweiler's lawyer, Saxonberg.

This novel was made into a movie in 1973, starring Ingrid Bergman in the title role. It later became a made-for-TV movie in 1995, starring Lauren Bacall in the title role.

In the television series "The Simpsons", the plot was mimicked in the episodes "Smart and Smarter," in which Lisa hides in a local science museum in embarrassment at finding her baby sister is smarter than she, and the episode "Last Tap Dance in Springfield" features Bart and Milhouse hiding out in the shopping mall for one week while on a camping trip. The movie "The Royal Tenenbaums" has a scene in which characters Margot and Richie hide in a museum; in the movie's DVD commentary, Wes Anderson states that this was an homage to the novel, the aquarium.


Citizenship of the European Union

Citizenship of the European Union was started by the Maastricht Treaty signed in 1992. It is extra to being a citizen of one of the member countries of the European Union, and gives extra rights to nationals of European Union Member States.

Before the Maastricht Treaty (1992), the European Communities treaties allowed workers, and their families, to travel and live in any member country. This idea started when the European Coal and Steel Community was set up by the Treaty of Paris in 1951. This allowed workers in the coal and steel industries to move to another country for work. In 1957, the European Economic Community was set up by the Treaty of Rome. That treaty allowed all workers to move freely.

The European Court of Justice took a wider idea of freedom of movement. The Court said people should be allowed to move to another country to get a better life style, not just to earn more money by working. The law made by the European Court, the reason the reason a worker wanted to move abroad does not matter, they could start part-time and full-time work, and get extra help from the new country.

Other decisions of the ECJ allowed any citizen of a member country live anywhere in the EU and be treated the same as a citizen of the new country.

The idea of EU citizenship was started by the Maastricht Treaty, and was extended by the Treaty of Amsterdam. The Treaty of Amsterdam said that union citizenship will not replace national citizenship, but only be extra it.

Article 17 (1) of the amended EC Treaty states that Citizenship of the Union is hereby established. Every person holding the nationality of a Member State shall be a citizen of the Union. Citizenship of the Union shall complement and not replace national citizenship.

The amended EC Treaty provides the following rights to EU citizens:

Citizens of new countries which join the EU can have some of the rights limited for up to seven years after they join.

The United Kingdom has left the European Union. It is still unclear whether UK citizens will continue to enjoy EU citizenships after Brexit.



Messiah (Handel)

Messiah is an oratorio by George Frideric Handel. It is Handel’s most famous work, and in England, the most often performed of any big choral work. The title Messiah means “the anointed one” and is the name given to Jesus Christ in the Christian teaching.

Georg Frideric Handel was born in Germany. When he was a young man he came to England and he liked it so much that he soon visited England again and stayed there for the rest of his life, becoming a naturalised Englishman says the legend. Actually he was composer for the King of Hannover, who then became King of England, and Handel followed his "employer".

The main reason why Handel liked England at that time was because the people liked his music and gave him support. At this time Handel was known as a composer of operas. For about 20 years Handel spent most of his time working on operas: composing them, organising performances and looking for opera singers to sing his works.

By the late 1730s, however, people’s tastes started to change and opera was not so popular. Handel changed to writing oratorios. Although it is thought that Handel invented the oratorio he in fact did not.Oratorio is Italian, after the Oratory of Saint Philip Neri at Rome, where famous musical services were held in the 16th century. Handel is just one composer of many who wrote oratorios. His oratorios are based on the English tradition of the Masque, which was something between a play and an opera. However, oratorios were about stories from the Old Testament. Instead of ancient gods or Roman emperors (which is what operas were about at that time) he used dramatic stories from the Bible. Among many great oratorios that he wrote, "Messiah" is his most famous one. However, it is different from his other oratorios in some ways.

The words of "Messiah" were written by a librettist Charles Jennens. He chose several passages from the Bible and made a libretto, which he sent to Handel in 1741 (although people today often call the work "The Messiah”, both Handel and Jennens call it "Messiah" without the word “the”). Handel immediately realized that a great work of music could be made from Jennens’ libretto. He thought that Jennens was a very clever person, and in his letters to him he calls the work “Your Oratorio "Messiah"”. Handel sat down in the front room of his house in Brook Street, London, and wrote the whole oratorio in twenty four days. It is a long work, lasting over four hours, and when one thinks that Handel had to write out all the parts for the choir and orchestra, he must have worked unbelievably hard. When he had finished the work, he put it in a drawer for seven weeks. Perhaps he thought it would never be played in London, because at that time the London audiences did not seem to like him.

Just at that time he got an invitation to go to Dublin. He was asked to give a concert to get money for charity. The main charity for which money was being raised was the debtor’s prison. In those days people who ran into debt (meaning that they owed lots of people money but had no money to pay them) were sent to prison. There they were fed by charity (people who fed them out of kindness). If no one fed them they just starved to death. Handel had nearly been sent to a debtor’s prison himself a few years earlier.

He went to Dublin as soon as he could, and he was there by November. On 23 December, he performed his oratorio "L’Allegro". Unlike the London audiences, people in Dublin loved it. This was followed by "Alexander’s Feast", "Imeneo" and, in April, "Messiah". He was a very great success in Dublin, and he stayed there until August, when he returned to London.

"Messiah" tells the story of Christ. It is divided into three parts. Part One tells of the coming and the birth of Christ. Part Two is about his death on the cross, and his Ascension into Heaven, and Part III concentrates on Paul's teaching of the resurrection of the dead and Christ's glorification in heaven. Handel usually performed his oratorios in theatres, not in churches, and his audience went as a change from going to the opera. They did not go for religious worship.

Handel’s oratorios are normally dramatic, with the four solo singers (soprano, alto, tenor and bass) each taking the part of a character from the Bible. "Messiah" is different. The soloists sing about the story of Christ. The great choruses, where the choir sings, praise the Lord in the wonderful music. Some of the music is homophonic (e.g. the "Hallelujah" chorus), some of the choruses are dramatic dialogues (e.g. "Lift up your heads"), or they are a fugue ("He trusted in God" and "Amen"), or they describe things dramatically ("All we like sheep").

The most well known of all the movements in "Messiah" is the one popularly known as the "Hallelujah Chorus," because of the frequently sung exclamation “Hallelujah”. It occurs at the end of the Part Two of the oratorio.'

It has become a tradition for the audience to stand up for the "Hallelujah Chorus," although it is unknown when this practice began.
There is a well-known but apocryphal story of King George II attending a royal performance of "Messiah" and supposedly rising to his feet during the "Hallelujah Chorus"."" Whenever the king stood up, everyone in his presence had to stand, hence the whole audience rose to their feet as well. However, this story does not appear to be based on any historical source.

John Murray (general)

"Major General" John Joseph Murray DSO & Bar, MC (born 26 April 1892 in Sydney, New South Wales, Australia, died 8 September 1951 in Sydney, New South Wales) was an Australian Army Officer and businessman with a special role in both world wars. During World War I, he was "mentioned in despatches" and got got medals while fighting on the Western Front in France. In World War II and he was made commander of the 20th Brigade that helped beat Erwin Rommell's "Afrika Korps" in "Libya".

Murray was born on born 26 April 1892 in Sydney, New South Wales. His father was working man from Ireland. His father was also called John Murray and his mother was called Margaret. 

When he left the local Catholic school John Murray started training as a salesman for Sydney firm Anthony Hordern & Sons in 1910. He then joined the Australian Citizens Military Forces where he served two years before joining the 33rd Regiment in 1913.

John Murray was already in the Australian Army when World War I started on 28 July 1914. He was quickly (fast) made a Second Lieutenant on 6 March 1915. When he started being Second Lieutenant, Murray was moved to the Australian Imperial Force, and went by ship to Egypt. After being posted to the 1st Battalion at first, in March, 1916 he was moved to the 53rd Battalion, which was part of the 5th Division, when the Australian Imperial Force was helped by new soldiers from Australia. The 5th Division was soon moved from Egypt to France where they were put into the hard fighting of the Western Front.

By 19 July 1916 Murray's 53rd Battalion were in the first fighting by the Australian Imperial Force on the Western Front. It was the Battle of Fromelles. 5,533 Australian soldiers were killed, wounded or taken prisoner, because the fighting plan went wrong. The Australian War Memorial sayss the fighting was "the worst 24 hours in Australia's entire history" 

John Murray became a Major in June 1917 and was soon known for his very good leadership and very brave "night raiding" (crossing at night into enemy trenches). In September 1918 during the very hard fighting of the Second Battle of the Somme, Murray's good leadership was mentioned again, and after fights near Peronne, he was awarded the Distinguished Service Order.

Murray was still fighting on the Western Front when peace started 11 November 1918. Having been awarded the Military Cross and Distinguished Service Order, and also having twice being told of in dispatches he went back home to Australia in May, 1919.

By 25 August 1919 the all of the men in the Australian Imperial Force had been sent home. Murray was happy to go back to his job at Anthony Hordern & Sons in Sydney, but he did not want to stop being a soldier, and he joined the Australian Citizens Military Forces.

On 4 January 1923 John Murray married Mary Madeline Cannon at St. Mary's Cathedral, Sydney, and soon after became the manager of the delivery department at Anthony Hordern & Sons.

By 1925 Murray became a of Lieutenant-Colonel. From 1934 to 1938 Murray was the Commanding Officer of the Australian Army Service Corps, 1st Division.

With war coming again, John Murray was given the command of the 9th Infantry brigade, and they got ready to move for war in February, 1940. He was chosen for the Second Australian Imperial Force in April 1940 and was given command of the 20th Brigade which went by ship to the Middle East in October 1940 to begin training in Palestine.

Murrays brigade was made a part of the 9th Division. Even though the troops were not ready to fight, the 9th Division was sent to Libya to help the 6th Division win Tobruk. 

On 4 April 1941, the "Afrika Korps" starting fighting Murray's 20th Brigade. The Australians slowed down Rommell's forces, but there were so many Germans they could not be forced back. Murray and his troops moved into Tobruk itself. For his leadership, John Murray was granted a "bar" to his Distinguished Service Order (the bar is given instead of a second medal).

Murray's knowledge of Trench warfare and night-raiding was very helpful to the defenders during the Siege of Tobruk. In November 1941, Murray was mentioned in dispatches for the third time in his career for his excellent resistance to Rommell.

Murray returned to Australia in January 1942, just as the Japan was fighting south towards New Guinea. Instead of the recruiting job he expected, Murray was put in charge of the Newcastle Covering Force, and immediately promoted him to temporary Major-General.

The Newcastle Covering Force was soon re-named the 10th Division and Murray was sent to Western Australia in August 1942 to lead the 4th Division which was then moved to North Queensland due to fears of Japanese invasion during April and May 1943.In October 1944, he was made General of the Rear Echelon at Mareeba, before commanding the Northern Territory Force from March, 1945 until January, 1946, when he retired.

John Murray was made Australian trade commissioner to New Zealand from 1946 until 1949 and then the same role for "Ceylon" in 1949. 

General John Murray died on 8 September 1951 at the Military Hospital, Concord, Sydney. He received a funeral with full military honours, and was buried in French's Forest Cemetery. His wife, three sons and two daughters survived him.

Dippoldiswalde

Dippoldiswalde is a town in the Free State of Saxony, Germany. It was the capital city of the Weißeritzkreis district. Today, Dippoldiswalde is a city in Sächsische Schweiz-Osterzgebirge Rural District. It is east of Freiberg, and south of Dresden.

The town is on the Weisseritz railway, a narrow gauge railway powered by steam locomotives.

Großenhain

Großenhain is the capital of the Riesa-Großenhain Rural District, Saxony, Germany.

Großenhain was originally a Sorbian settlement. It was first mentioned in 1205.

Großenhain is on the river Röder, northwest of Dresden, and east of Riesa.

It is also on Via Regia from Görlitz to Santiago de Compostela.

Meissen

Meißen (, ) is a town of about 30,000 near Dresden on both banks of the Elbe in the Free State of Saxony, in eastern Germany. Meißen is the home of Meißen porcelain. Meißen is the capital city of Meißen Rural District

During World War II, a subcamp of Flossenburg concentration camp was in Meißen.

Meißen is famous for the manufacture of porcelain. This is because there are big local deposits of china clay (kaolin) and potter's clay (potter's earth). Meißen porcelain was the first high quality porcelain to be produced outside of China.

The first European porcelain was made in Meißen in 1710, when the Royal Porcelain Factory was opened in the Albrechtsburg. In 1861, it was moved to the Triebisch valley of Meißen, where the Meißen porcelain factory can still be found today.




The Best Damn Thing

The Best Damn Thing is an album and hit song by musical artist Avril Lavigne. It was released April 17, 2007. The lead single off the album, "Girlfriend" was released on February 27, 2007. The song was very successful and peaked in a lot of countries #1. This was Lavigne's first Billboard Hot 100 chart number one. The second single, "When You're Gone" was released on June 19, 2007. The song was quite successful, peaking at #3 on the UK Singles Chart. The third single, "Hot" was released on October 2, 2007. The song was unsuccessful in the U.S, it debuted two months after its release on the Billboard Hot 100 at #95. But the song was successful in Canada, it peaked at #10 on the Canadian Hot 100. The fourth and final single from the album was "The Best Damn Thing". It was released on June 24, 2008. The single was not very successful, it peaked at #76 on the Canadian Hot 100. The Best Damn Thing sold 6 million copies worldwide.



Live at Orange Lounge

Music Videos

The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants

The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants is a series of books by Ann Brashares. It is about a group of girls named Bridget (the leader), Lena Kigales (the shy and beautiful), Carmen (the dramatic one), and Tibby (the rebellious girl). These girls find a pair of pants that fit all four of them, though one girl is fat, one girl is short and one girl is super thin. There are 4 books in the series. It was made into a movie in 2005.

Complicated

"Complicated" was the first and perhaps the most popular song sung by Avril Lavigne. It was released in 2002. It was on her album "Let Go". Other songs on the same CD single are "I Don't Give" and additional "Why" on maxi-cds. 
It was at one point #1 in the charts in Canada, UK, Australia and the US. She was 17 when she sang it and she and her band wrote it together.

Navel piercing

A navel piercing is type of piercing to the bellybutton. It is the second most popular piercing, next to ear piercing. It is considered a form of body art. There can be multiple piercings and it is possible to change rings, depending on how you pierce it. 
This piercing can be done at any angle where there is a clear flap of skin, but the most common navel piercing is through the upper rim of the navel.

Healing usually takes around 6–12 months, but is different for each person due to differences in their body.


Flag of Brazil

The Brazilian Flag is the flag of Brazil. It is the flag that has gone through the most changes and the current flag was made and used in May of 1992, and still use it today.

It has gone through changes many times, changes including stars, colour and other things.

A list of constellations and stars on the map:

From the Mixed-Up Files of Mrs. Basil E. Frankweiler (1995 movie)

From the Mixed-Up Files of Mrs. Basil E. Frankweiler is a 1995 television movie based on E.L. Konigsburg's novel "From the Mixed-Up Files of Mrs. Basil E. Frankweiler". The story is about a girl and her brother who run away from home to live in the New York Metropolitan Museum of Art and find what they think is a lost treasure. The children, Claudia and Jamie, are amazed with the treasure and would not leave without knowing what its secret is. Lauren Bacall stars in the title role.

Before this movie, the book was made into a 1973 feature movie starring Ingrid Bergman, later released on home video as "The Hideaways".


624 Hektor

624 Hektor is the biggest of the Jovian Trojan asteroids. It was found in 1907 by August Kopff.

Hektor is a D-type asteroid, dark and reddish in colour. It lies in Jupiter's leading Lagrangian point, L, called the 'Greek' node after one of the two sides in the legendary Trojan War. Ironically, Hektor is named after the Trojan hero Hektor, and is thus one of two Trojan asteroids that is "misplaced" in the wrong camp (the other being 617 Patroclus in the Trojan node).

Hektor is one of the most stretched bodies of its size in the solar system, being 370 × 200 km. It is thought that Hektor might be a contact binary (two asteroids joined by gravitational attraction) like 216 Kleopatra. Hubble Space Telescope sightings of Hektor in 1993 did not show an obvious stretched shape because of a limited angular resolution. On July 17, 2006, the Keck-10m II telescope and its Laser guide star Adaptive Optics (AO) system indicated a stretched shape for Hektor. Additionally, since this AO system provides an excellent and stable correction (angular resolution of 0.060 arcsec in K band), a 15-km moon at 1000 km from Hektor was found. The moon's provisional designation is S/2006 (624) 1. Hektor is, so far, the only known binary Trojan asteroid in the L point and the first Trojan with a moon. 617 Patroclus, another big Trojan asteroid in the L, is made of two same-sized asteroids.


Golden Horse Film Festival and Awards

The Golden Horse Film Festival and Awards or simply Golden Horse is a movie festival and awards ceremony held annually in Taiwan. The ceremony usually takes place in November or December in Taipei.

The awards, contested by movies submitted from Taiwan, Hong Kong, China and elsewhere, are generally held to be the most prestigious for Chinese language movies outside the People's Republic of China. The awards ceremony is held after the month-long movie festival, which showcases some of the nominated movies for the awards. 

Winners are selected by a jury of judges during the week before the ceremony is held. Winners are awarded with a golden horse statuette.

Under current rules and regulations, every movie made primarily in any dialect of Chinese language is eligible for competition. Since 1996, almost any artist or movie from mainland China was allowed to enter the movie festival.


Golden Melody Awards

The Golden Melody Awards () or sometimes shortened to just Golden Melody are music awards annually presented in Taiwan. The Awards began in 1990.

<nowiki>*</nowiki> All the Best Album (Mandarin, Taiwanese, Hakka and Indigenous Language) in the Vocal Category (record label) are nominated for Album of the Year. 

<nowiki>*</nowiki> Only Abao (Aljenljien Tjaluvie) and Tanya Chua won Best Album and Album of the Year on the year they were nominated (2020 and 2022 respectively)


Ella Koon

Ella Koon, real name Ianna Koon, is a Chinese singer, actress and model. She was born in Tahiti, French Polynesia, and was raised in Hong Kong, where she is currently based.

She speaks Cantonese, English, French and Mandarin languages.

After finishing high school in Birmingham, England, she began her career as a model in 2000. She debuted into the film industry in the romance movie "I Do". 

In 2004, she started her singing career and released her debut Original (album). In early 2005, She participated in the TVB show "Hotel Situation". Her second album "Ellacadabra" was released in late 2005. In mid-2005, Koon starred in the TVB's series "Revolving Doors of Vengeance (酒店風雲)", making her a well-known actress as well. She also starred in "Survivor's Law II" in 2007.



Survivor's Law II

Survivor's Law II is a Chinese TV drama series. It aired in Hong Kong starting 24 December 2007 and ending 18 January 2008. It is the sequel to the 2003 series "Survivor's Law". However, three members of the original cast did not appear in this sequel due.

MK Sun (real name Sun Man Kwan) was a teenager who once stopped a drug smuggler, but then was wrongly accused of being the one taking drugs. Despite his background, he hired a famous lawyer to help him and not surprisingly, he won. The lawyer, named Brandon, became his idol, and MK Sun grew up to be a lawyer.

Years later, MK was trying to get a job in his idol's company, T&B. He beats Brandon's wife, Brenda in a case, and started working there. There he meets a stubborn, rich, and spoiled girl named Lily, who only cares about her self and appearnace. They became enemies because of each other's backgrounds and attitudes.

MK then meets Vincent. Vincent thought of MK as ghetto, but soon realizes he was wrong. After having a fight with him in soccer, Vincent punched the umpire but MK Sun took the blame. Soon, they become friends.

After splitting with his former girlfriend Jessica, Vincent falls in love with a coffee shop girl called Choi Yuk. Vincent had his license for being a lawyer taken away for three years and could not get his license back yet. After getting a chance to work again and start a new refreshing career, he started only caring for himself. He was so determined that he went against Choi Yuk and her family, and even MK. Choi Yuk thought he betrayed them and only cared about himself so she ended the relationship.

After a while, Lily and MK start to have feelings for each other and eventually get married in court.

Soon, Choi Yuk gets into hospital after taking a beating in the head by someone and falling into a coma, and gives birth to a baby boy Jophy. Vincent then gets hit in the head when Choi Yuk wakes up and loses his memory. However, to prevent Choi Yuk from despairing too much from not remembering her and Jophy, he proposes and they get married.

Vincent never regains his memory and ends up working in the shop with Choi Yuk. MK and Lily share a happy and playful relationship.




Younha

Younha, born 29 April 1988 in Seoul, Korea, is a Korean pop singer.

Younha made her debut at the age of sixteen. Nicknamed the "Oricon comet" for her success in Japan, she has released eight singles and one album there with varying degrees of success. Many of her songs have been featured in TV shows.

Younha was signed to Epic Records, a branch of Sony Music Entertainment Japan, from 2004 to 2008. She then moved to Sistus Records, a Geneon Entertainment label. In South Korea, she is signed to Lion Media and Stam Entertainment.

Born in South Korea to musical parents, Younha began to play the piano at the age of 4. She developed an interest in Japanese drama shows and began to teach herself Japanese. Before long, she could translate to her school friends what happened on recent Japanese TV episodes. What began as an interest in Japanese dramas developed into an interest in Japanese music. At the recommendation of an older student in her school's broadcasting club, she listened to such artists such as Utada Hikaru and Misia. Younha began to dream about debuting as a singer alongside her favorite artists.

She began to try out in auditions within Korea. She said she went through as many as 20 auditions. She also commented in her interview that certain companies refused to sign her to their labels because they believed she was not "pretty" enough, although she sang very well. Her mother also discouraged her dream and even locked her bedroom door to prevent Younha from leaving the house. Younha, however, climbed out the window and made it to the audition. At one audition, she made an overwhelming impression and signed a contract with a Korean company. Soon after, Younha's voice was heard by a company in Japan. In order to make her childhood dream of debuting in Japan come true, Younha did recording while going back and forth between Korea and Japan. Quickly, Younha's Japanese skills advanced so much that she surprised even the staff around her.

After a TV drama producer heard her demo tape, her song "Yubikiri" was chosen as the insert song for the Fuji TV Monday drama show "Tokyo Wankei ~Destiny of Love~". In October she debuted with her official first single "Yubikiri".

Younha's second single "Houkiboshi" was used as an ending song for the popular anime show "BLEACH". It became a hit - debuting on the Oricon chart at #18, it peaked at #12. With this single, she became only the second Korean, after BoA, to have broken the Oricon chart's top 20. Between "Touch / Yume no Tsuzuki" and "Houki Boshi", she released "Motto Futari de". It flopped massively, only reaching #117 on the Oricon Charts possibly due to a lack of promotion. Her later single, "Touch / Yume no Tsuzuki", first charted at the #15, with the tie-in and went as high as #11. After releasing five singles, Younha released her first album entitled "Go! Younha". It reached the #10 spot on the Oricon weekly charts.

"My Lover" was a re-cut single from Go! Younha, her debut album, and was re-cut because it was the theme to the "Bleach GC: Tasogare Ni Mamieru Shini Kami". It was limited to 70,000 copies and flopped, selling only about 2,000 copies, ranking at #58. Because of the limited print, however, it has become valuable and rare. Younha was also chosen to sing the ending theme to the anime "Jyu Oh Sei". "Tewo Tsunaide" only did slightly better than "My Lover", peaking at #50.

Younha began to compose her own music. The song "Kaerimichi" released on "My Lover" is the first song released for which she wrote the lyrics and composed the music for. In addition, she composed the music for the song "homegirl", the B-side released on "Te wo Tsunaide".

"Imaga Daisuki" was released, with more live performances than "Te wo Tsunaide", and a tie-in. It seemed that Younha has a bigger budget on this single. It did significantly worse, as her second worst ranking single, at #71. "Imaga Daisuki" was also used as an opening song for the animation Jang Geum's Dream while the b-track "Inori" was used for the animation's ending song.

Younha released a digital Korean single titled "Audition". The single includes "Audition (Time 2 Rock)" and "Waiting". Although it was released as a digital single, very limited hard copies of the single were available as well. Many performances for this song were shown on Korean TV, unusual for Younha as her last appearance on TV was with her single "Touch." Much promotion occurred for this single and it helped for a long charting life for "Audition", lasting well over 3 months in all the Korean charts. She stayed in Korea during this release.

Younha was once again chosen to be an anime theme singer for "Kiba". The song "Hakanaku Tsuyoku" was used as the second opening for the show. The single was released on 17 January 2007. This single, unlike her other singles, has only 3 tracks. This single appeared on the Top 20 Daily Charts for exactly one day, at #16. The Weekly rank was at an above-average #36, but sales were only slightly better. 

Exactly two months after "Hakanaku Tsuyoku", Younha went back to her home country to release her first Korean Album entitled Go Baek Ha Gi Jo Eun Nal, translated as "The Perfect Day to Say I Love You" or literally translated "Good Day to Confess"). She recorded a MV for the third track (Bi Mil Bun Ho 486, translated "Password 486") which stars fellow Stam artist Yoon Ji Hoo. The video featured many image changes for Younha which include her first ever kiss. The album also features a collaboration with Wheesung.

Younha released her Korean debut album. The album received excellent success, peaking at #1 on the charts. The first song to be promoted from the album was "Password 486". She won the SBS Inkigayo Mutizen award twice for Secret Number 486. The second song to be promoted from this album was Yeonae Jogeon, translated "Love Condition".

On July 14th 2007, Younha appeared on the Korean GomTV MSL Grand Finals (Starcraft tournament) and played in the opening ceremony.

Younha has been picked as publicity envoy for the anti-corruption Clean Wave Campaign for her pure and clean image.

At the 2007 MKMF held on November 17th 2007, Younha won the Best New Solo Artist award.

With Younha's success rising, she released a new version of Go! Younha, all re-recorded in Korean. The album, with tracklist changes, is now called Comet), and was released on October 23.

Younha sang the song "Boku wa Koko ni Iru" on the tribute album to Masayoshi Yamazaki, ""One More Time, One More Track"". (12.21.05)

Younha was selected as one of 14 female artists to perform in the omnibus album ""14 Princess ~Princess Princess Children~"", a collection of the most famous songs by the top girls band Princess Princess of late 80's and early 90's. Younha performed the song "Diamonds", which was the number 1 seller of the year 1989 in Japan. (03.08.06)

This is the discography of pop artist 'Younha'.


Benedictine

The word Benedictine usually refers to a follower of the Order of Saint Benedict. These people usually lead a life in an abbey. They follow the rule of Benedict of Nursia. Benedict lived in the 6th century. He made some rules, called the Rule of St Benedict these people follow. The rules can be summed up by "pax" ("peace") and "ora et labora" ("pray and work"). 

Most Benedictines see themselves as part of the Catholic Church. Some can also be found in the Eastern Orthodox Church and the Anglican Church. Officially, the order is known as "Ordo Sancti Benedicti" ("OSB").

Franciscan

The word Franciscan refers to followers of one of the religious orders that follow the Rule of St Francis. Saint Francis of Assisi lived in the 13th century. Franciscans usually lead simple lives without much money. Today, there are three main branches of these orders. They mostly see themselves as part of the Roman Catholic or Anglican Church. There are also small communities in the Old Catholic and Protestant Church.

Cistercian

The term Cistercian is used to refer to an order of Roman Catholic monks. Officially the order is called "Ordo Cisterciensis" ("OCist"), or "Sacer Ordo Cisterciensis" ("SOC"). These people follow the same rules as the Benedictines, that is to say those of St Benedict. Over time, the Benedictines made some changes to the rules and the way of life. 

The Cistercians reject these. They went back to what St Benedict had taught. Sometimes their rules were more strict than those St Benedict had given. They also went back to manual labour, especially work in the fields. Because of this, the Cistercians helped spread technologies around Medieval Europe. In 1882 certain monasteries formed a new order, called the Trappists. With time, they split completely from the Cistercians.

Langston Hughes

James Mercer Langston Hughes (February 1, 1901 – May 22, 1967) was an American poet, novelist, playwright and short story writer. Hughes was one of the writers and artists whose work was called the Harlem Renaissance.

Hughes grew up as a poor boy from Missouri, the descendant of African people who had been taken to America as slaves. At that time, the term used for African-Americans was "negro" which means a person with black skin. Most "negroes" did not remember or think about their link with the people of Africa, even though it was a big influence on their culture and, in particular, their music. Hughes was unusual for his time, because he went back to West Africa to understand more about his own culture. Through his poetry, plays, and stories, Hughes helped other black Americans to see themselves as part of a much bigger group of people, so that now the term "African-American" is used with pride.

Hughes became a famous writer, but all his life he remembered how he started out, and he helped and encouraged many other struggling writers.

Langston Hughes was born on February 1, 1902 in Joplin, Missouri. His parents were James Hughes and Carrie Langston Hughes who was a teacher. Langston's father, James Hughes, was so upset about the racism towards African-Americans that he left his family and moved to Mexico. During his childhood, Hughes was cared for by his grandmother, in Lawrence, Kansas while his mother worked to support the family. Langston's grandmother was a great story teller. She told stories that made him feel proud to be an African-American.

After his grandmother died, Hughes and his mother moved about 12 times until settling in Cleveland, and then, as a teenager went to live in Lincoln, Illinois with his mother, who had remarried. He was often left alone because his mother was at work. Even though his childhood was difficult and had lots of changes, he was able to use these things in the poetry that he started to write while he was at school. He never forgot the stories of his grandmother and tried to help other African-Americans when they were having problems. These were the people that he later wrote about in his own stories.

When Hughes went to school in Lincoln, there were only two African-American children in the class. The teacher talked to them about poetry. She said that what a poem needed most was rhythm. Langston later said that he had rhythm in his blood because, "as everyone knows", "all" African-Americans have rhythm. The children made him the "class poet".

At high school in Cleveland, Ohio, Langston learned to love reading. He loved the poetry of the American poets Paul Laurence Dunbar and Carl Sandburg. He wrote articles for the school newspaper, he edited the school yearbook and he wrote his first short stories and plays.

When Langston Hughes was 17, he went to spend some time with his father in Mexico. He was so unhappy while he was there that he thought about committing suicide. Hughes could not understand how his father felt. He said: "I had been thinking about my father and his strange dislike of his own people. I didn't understand it, because I was a Negro, and I liked Negroes very much!"

Hughes later wrote this poem: 

When he was finished at high school in Lincoln in 1920, he went back to Mexico, to ask his father to pay for him to go to university. Hughes' father was a lawyer and a wealthy landowner. He could afford to send his son to university but he made difficulties about it. He said that Hughes could only go to university if he went overseas and studied engineering. Hughes wanted to go to a university in the US. After a time, they made an agreement that he should go to Columbia University but study engineering, not an arts degree. He went to Columbia in 1921 but left in 1922, partly because of the racism in the university.

Until 1926 Hughes did many different types of work. In 1923 he went as a crewman on the ship "S.S.Malone" and went to West Africa and Europe. He left the ship and stayed for a short time in Paris where he joined several other African-Americans who were living there. In November 1924, Hughes returned to the U.S. to live with his mother in Washington, D.C.. In 1925 he got a job as an assistant to Carter G. Woodson who worked with the "Association for the Study of African American Life and History". Hughes did not enjoy his work because he did not have enough time to write, so he left and got a job as a "busboy", wiping tables and washing dishes at a hotel. Hughes is sometimes called "The Busboy Poet". Meanwhile, some of his poems were published in magazines and were being collected together for his first book of poetry. While he was working at the hotel he met the poet Vachel Lindsay, who helped to make Hughes known as a new African-American poet.

In 1926 Hughes began studying at Lincoln University, Pennsylvania. He had help from patrons, Amy Spingarn, who gave him $300 and "Godmother" Charlotte Osgood Mason. Hughes graduated with a Bachelor of Arts in 1929 and became a Doctor of Letters in 1943. He was also given an honorary doctorate by Howard University. For the rest of his life, except when he travelled to the Caribbean or West Indies, Hughes lived in Harlem, New York.

Langston Hughes sometimes went out with women, but he never married. People who have studied his life and poetry are sure that he was homosexual. In the 1930s it was harder to be open about being gay than it is nowadays. His poetry has lots of symbols which are used by other homosexual writers. Hughes thought that men who had very dark skin were particularly beautiful. It seems from his poetry that he was in love with an African-American man. He also wrote a story which might tell of his own experience. "Blessed Assurance" is the story of a father's anger because his son is "queer" and acts like a girl.

Hughes' life and work were an important part of the Harlem Renaissance of the 1920s, alongside those Zora Neale Hurston, Wallace Thurman, Countee Cullen, Richard Bruce Nugent, and Aaron Douglas, who together started a magazine "Fire!! Devoted to Younger Negro Artists". Hughes and these friends did not always agree with the ideas of some of the other African-American writers who were also part of the "Harlem Renaissance" because they thought their ideas were Middle class and that they treated others who had darker skin, less education and less money with discrimination. All his life, Hughes never forgot the lessons that he learned about poor and uneducated African-Americans in the stories that his grandmother told.

In 1960, the "NAACP" awarded Hughes the "Spingarn Medal" for "distinguished achievements by an African American". Hughes became a member of the "National Institute of Arts and Letters" in 1961. In 1973, an award was named after him, the "Langston Hughes Medal", awarded by the City College of New York.

Hughes became a famous American poet, but he was always ready to help other people, particularly young black writers. He was worried that many young writers hated themselves, and expressed these feelings to the world. He tried to help people feel pride, and not worry about the prejudice of other people. He also tried to help young African-Americans not to express hatred and prejudice towards white Americans.

Hughes wrote: 

On May 22, 1967, Hughes died in New York City at the age of 65 after having surgery for prostate cancer. His ashes are buried under the floor of the "Langston Hughes Auditorium" in the "Arthur Schomburg Center for Research in Black Culture" in Harlem. Over his ashes is a circle with an African design called "Rivers." At the centre of the design are words from a poem by Hughes: ""My soul has grown deep like the rivers."









Geographic coordinate system

A geographical coordinate system is a coordinate system. This means that every place can be specified by three sets of three numbers, called coordinates. 

A full circle can be divided into 360 degrees (or 360°); this was first done by the Babylonians; Ancient Greeks, like Ptolemy later extended the theory.

Today, degrees are divided further. There are minutes, and seconds; 1 minute (or 1') in this context is 1/60 of a degree; 1 second (or 1") is 1/60 of a minute.

The first concept needed is called "latitude" (Lat, or the Greek symbol "phi", formula_1). For it, the Earth is cut up into 180 circles, from the Equator at 0°. The poles are at 90°, the North Pole is at 90° N(orth), the South Pole is at 90° S(outh). Places with the same latitude are on a circle, around the Earth.

The other concept is called "longitude" (Long, or the Greek symbol "lambda", formula_2), sometimes referred to as "meridian". The 0° longitude line (or zero meridian) goes through the Royal Observatory in Greenwich. Greenwich is a part of London. Then lines are drawn in a similar way; the opposite (or "antipodal") meridian of Greenwich is considered both 180°W(est), and 180°E(ast).

The third number is the height, altitude, or depth. This is given with respect to some fixed (usually easily calculable point). One of these is called mean sea level.

Altmarkkreis Salzwedel Rural District

Altmarkkreis Salzwedel is a district in Saxony-Anhalt, Germany.

The old Altmark region, included parts of the neighbouring district of Stendal. In the 10th century it was the eastern border of the Holy Roman Empire.

In the Late Middle Ages many towns were members of the Hanseatic League.

The modern district was established in 1994 by joining the former districts of Gardelegen, Klötze, Salzwedel and part of Osterburg.


Sankt Pauli

Sankt Pauli (or St. Pauli) is a district of Hamburg. About 27,000 people live in St. Pauli. St. Pauli is a district where many people go to have fun. There are theatres, cinemas, and a red-light district (around the Reeperbahn) in St. Pauli. This quarter is called the Kiez. There, there are no closing times imposed for shops and restaurants. Most of St. Pauli is different, though. In the St. Pauli quarter of Hamburg based an important German football club (Fußball-Club St. Pauli).

Anhalt-Bitterfeld

Anhalt-Bitterfeld is a district in Saxony-Anhalt, Germany. Its capital is Köthen.

This district was established by putting together the former districts of Bitterfeld, Köthen and a large part of Anhalt-Zerbst as part of the Saxony-Anhalt border reforms of 2007.

Reeperbahn

The Reeperbahn is the central street in the district St.Pauli in Hamburg. Parts of it are considered to be a red-light district, but there are also theatres and cinemas near it.


Börde (district)

Börde is a district in Saxony-Anhalt, Germany.

The district was formed in the 2007 boundary changes by joining the old districts of Ohrekreis and Bördekreis.

Verwaltungsgemeinschaften with municipalities

Scale (zoology)

In zoology, a scale is a small, hard plate that grows out of an animal's skin to give it protection. Fish and reptiles have scales. 

In animals such as butterflies and moths, scales are plates on the surface of the insect wing. They are often beautifully coloured.

Weighing scale

Scales are used to measure the weight of an item. To use a scale, the item which needs to be weighed is put on one side of the scale. Then, weight stones are put on the other side. Once the scale balances (that is the indicator between the two scales is in the middle), the correct weight is chosen.

There are also modern scales, where the item is simply put on the scale. Its weight can then be read from an electronic or analogue display. 

Scales can be used to count e.g. screws and other small parts in large quantities. These scales are called counting scales. 


Burgenlandkreis

Burgenlandkreis is a district in Saxony-Anhalt, Germany. It was formed by joining the old districts of Burgenlandkreis and Weißenfels as part of the boundary changes of 2007.

On 16 July 2007 the district parliament decided to change the name back to Burgenlandkreis from 1 August 2007.

Harz (district)

Harz is a rural district in Saxony-Anhalt, Germany named after the highland area also called harz. It is home to the highest point in the region: the Brocken.

The district was made by joining the old districts of Halberstadt, Wernigerode and Quedlinburg as well as the city of Falkenstein (from the district of Aschersleben-Staßfurt). This was part of the reform of all districts in 2007.

Jerichower Land

Jerichower Land is a district ("Kreis") in the north-east of Saxony-Anhalt, Germany.

After World War II the old Prussian districts of Jerichow were changed. Some areas were given to the neighbouring districts of Havelberg, Rathenow, Brandenburg, Loburg and Zerbst. The two districts were also renamed after their chief town. Jerichow became Burg, and Jerichow II became Genthin. In 1952 the district of Burg was split into two parts, Loburg and Burg.

In 1994 the two districts of Burg and Loburg were merged, and took the old name of Jerichow. In 2007, 6 municipalities from the former district of Anhalt-Zerbst (Hobeck, Lohburg, Lübs, Prödel, Rosian and Schweinitz) were added to Jerichower Land.

The name is from a group of tribes of early Slavic. The name is not connected with how the . city of Jericho.


Mansfeld-Südharz

Mansfeld-Südharz is a district in Saxony-Anhalt, Germany. 

The district was made by joining the old districts of Sangerhausen and Mansfelder Land as part of the boundary changes of 2007.

Saalekreis

Saalekreis is a district in Saxony-Anhalt, Germany. 

The district was established by merging the former districts of Merseburg-Querfurt and Saalkreis as part of the boundary changes of 2007.

Salzlandkreis

Salzland is a district in the middle of Saxony-Anhalt, Germany.

The district was made by joining the old districts of Bernburg, Schönebeck and Aschersleben-Staßfurt (except the town Falkenstein) as part of the boundary changes of 2007


Stendal (district)

Stendal () is a district ("Kreis") in the north-east of Saxony-Anhalt, Germany. It was formed in 1994 by joining the old district of Stendal with the districts Osterburg and Havelberg.

The districts has twin town agreements with
, Yarzevo District
, Mažeikiai district
, Vårgårda
, , Lippe


Wittenberg (district)

Wittenberg is a district ("Kreis") in the east of Saxony-Anhalt, Germany.

In 1994 the district was merged with the district of Jessen and a small part of the district of Gräfenhainichen. In 2007, 27 municipalities from the former district Anhalt-Zerbst were added to the district of Wittenberg.

Population figures are as at 30 June 2005.

After the resolution of 6 October 2005, as part of municipal reform, the 27 towns and communities of the Verwaltungsgemeinschaften of Coswig and Wörlitzer Winkel, formerly in the Anhalt-Zerbst district, were assigned to Wittenberg district on 1 July 2007.


STS-122

STS-122 is the name of the 121st flight of the Space Shuttle, taking seven people into outer space to visit the International Space Station. The flight delivered a module to the space station, called "Columbus". The Space Shuttle "Atlantis" carried the module. The flight started at 19:45 UTC, on 7 February 2008, from the Kennedy Space Center in Florida. The flight ended on 20 February, at 14:07 UTC, when the Shuttle went back to the Kennedy Space Center.

Seven people were aboard the Space Shuttle. They are; Stephen Frick, who was the Commander, the man in charge of the Space Shuttle, Alan G. Poindexter, who was the Pilot, the man who flied the Shuttle, Leland D. Melvin, Rex J. Walheim, Hans Schlegel and Stanley G. Love, who were there to fit the "Columbus" onto the space station. Léopold Eyharts was also on board. He lived on the Space Station for a month. Daniel M. Tani, who was on the space station came home aboard the Soyuz spacecraft.

The flight was originally scheduled to launch, on 6 December 2007. A problem with a part of the fuel tank used to work out how much fuel was left went wrong, which meant the start of the flight had to be delayed. After the same part went wrong in an attempt to start the flight on 9 December, the start of the flight was moved to January 2008, and later to February. The flight started on 7 February 2008. Some people at NASA were worried that bad weather might stop the launch, but the bad weather cleared up in time for a good launch.

At 13:00 UTC, a 2-minute-43-second de-orbit (opposite of making an orbit) burn was conducted. Then it entered in the atmosphere at 13:35 UTC. "Atlantis" touched down on Runway 15 of the Kennedy Space Center at 9:07:10 EST (14:07:10 UTC). The wheels of the orbiter stopped at 09:08:08 EST (14:08:08 UTC).

The people aboard STS-122 had several jobs to do. The main job was to add the new room, or module, "Columbus", to the space station. To do this, a robot arm, called a Remote Manipulator System, or RMS, will be used to lift "Columbus" out of the Space Shuttle, and move it over to a gap in the side of the space station. Two of the crew will then go outside, and fit parts to the module. "Columbus" will be used for scientific research.

Silverwing (novel)

Silverwing is a best-selling novel, written by Kenneth Oppel and published in Simon & Schuster. It follows the journey for a group of silver-haired bats. The tone and artistic honor for bestsellers were compared to "Watership Down". The four novels became part of the series. The first book was adapted into an animated television miniseries on Teletoon and Jetix. It was also released on DVD.

The series has four novels for the series, including the original one, "Sunwing", "Firewing" and "Darkwing".

Long ago, the rest of the animals banished the bats for not taking sides in the great war. Years later, the bats often roam outside at night to avoid the sun (the backstory inspired by Aesop's fable). When Shade breaks the law for the colony, the owls destroy their home, forcing the bats to migrate. Shade befriends Marina and learns an echo projection from Zephyr. Shade and Marina meet Goth and Throbb, two cannibal bats (Vampyrum spectrum) who were captured from South America and escaped from the laboratory. After Shade and Marina reunite with the colony, the bats resolve conflicts with the animals. After finding Cassiel, the owls allow the bats to roam outside anytime. Shade's son, Griffin, travels to the underworld, along with his friend Luna. After Shade sacrifices himself to foil the plan of Cama Zotz (a bat god opposing Nocturna), Griffin and Luna return home.

Shade Silverwing: A silver-haired bat who uses echo projection.

Marina Brightwing: A red bat living in the island.

Chinook: The son of Plato and Isis.

Frieda: A wise bat making decisions and having a silver band. She later dies in "Sunwing".

Ariel: Shade's mother and Cassiel's mate.

Goth: One of the cannibal bats living in the jungle and the servant of Cama Zotz and Nocturna, the goddesses of bats.

Throbb: Goth's brother-in-law who is killed by a thunderstorm in the novel.

Drive-through

A drive-through or drive-thru is a way of achieving quick service, particularly at restaurants. There are also drive-throughs at other places, such as banks or coffee shops.


Space Shuttle Columbia

The Space Shuttle "Columbia" (OV-102) was a spacecraft used by NASA to fly into outer space. It was the first Space Shuttle to fly into space, on April 12, 1981. It broke apart while re-entering the Earth's atmosphere on February 1, 2003, killing all seven people who were on it at the time. The shuttle flew a total of 28 missions. The Columbia was named after a US Navy ship that circumnavigated the world in 1836. It was also the name of the Apollo 11 Lunar Excursion Module.

A piece of insulating foam from the external fuel tank peeled off during the launch 16.0 days earlier and struck the shuttle's left wing.
A hole was punctured in the leading edge of the wing. During the intense heat of re-entry, hot gases entered the interior of the wing, destroying the support structures and causing the rest of the shuttle to break apart.


MADtv

MADtv was a television show that aired on FOX from October 14, 1995 to May 16, 2009. It is a comedic show where they perform sketches, improv and songs. It is rated TV-14 because of profane language and sexual substances. It was on air for fourteen seasons. It showed at 23:00/22:00 central.

It has been nominated for Emmy Awards, Image Awards and Young Artist Awards.

On November 12, 2008, it was announced that their 14th season is the last season. In July 26, 2016, MADtv come back until September 27, 2016.

Atlas V

Atlas V is an orbital launch vehicle used by the United Launch Alliance (made of two companies, Boeing and Lockheed Martin) to place satellites into orbit. It is a rocket tall, and wide. It has flown 79 times, since its first flight on August 21, 2002. It was developed from the Atlas (missile). Unlike the Space Shuttle, Atlas V is only used once, with a new rocket being built for each flight.
The rocket is made of the first stage, a Common Core Booster with an RD-180 engine from Russia. Every Atlas V has this as the first stage. The second stage is called Centaur, and has one/two RL-10 engines from Aerojet Rocketdyne. On top is a wide fairing covering the spacecraft during launch.

As of 2023 Atlas V has made 97 flights. The most famous ones carried the New Horizons, Mars Science Laboratory (which had the Curiosity rover in it), Juno, the Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter, the Lunar Reconnaissance Orbiter/LCROSS, the Boeing X-37B, the Mars 2020 mission which carried the Perseverance rover and the Mars Helicopter Ingenuity, Boeing's CST-100 Starliner.

The Atlas V has a special way of naming the different kinds. The Atlas V nomenclature for numbering the variants goes like this: The first number says how wide the fairing is. A 400 series Atlas V has a 4-meter wide fairing. A 500 series Atlas V has a 5-meter wide fairing. An Atlas V N22 have no fairing since it will be the launch configuration for the Boeing's CST-100 Starliner. second number says how many strap-on solid rocket boosters the rocket has. An Atlas V 501 has no strap-on boosters, an Atlas V 441 has 4 strap-on boosters, while the Atlas V N22 has two strap-on boosters, which will be the Boeing Starliner launch configuration. The last number says how many engines the Centaur second stage has. All of the Atlas V rockets flown have had only 1 engine on the Centaur, but in the future other Atlas V rockets will have 2 engines on the Centaur upper stage, such as the Atlas V N22 that I frequently mentioned in this article. There is also the HLV which has two of the first stage (Common Core Booster) strapped on like strap-on boosters, but it has never flown.


Barnim

Barnim is a district in Brandenburg, Germany.

The district was made in 1993 by joining the old districts of Bernau and Eberswalde.

The district is in the same place as the area of forest where noblemen started hunting in the 13th century, but is smaller than the old region.


Dahme-Spreewald

Dahme-Spreewald is a district in Brandenburg, Germany.

The Spreewald region has always been a centre of Sorbian culture.

When the state of Brandenburg was newly founded in 1990, the districts of Lübben, Luckau and Königs Wusterhausen were formed. In 1993 the three districts were merged.


Elbe-Elster

Elbe-Elster is a "Kreis" (district) in the southern part of Brandenburg, Germany.

The district was established in 1993 by merging the former districts ("Kreise") of Finsterwalde, Bad Liebenwerda and Herzberg.

The district is named after two rivers: The Elbe river forms the western border with Saxony. The Schwarze Elster ("Black Elster") is a tributary of the Elbe and runs through the district. The district is part of the Lusatia region. The fens along the Black Elster are a habitat of several rare animals, like kingfishers, beavers and otters.


Jennifer Hudson

Jennifer Kate Hudson(born September 12, 1981 in Chicago, Illinois) is an American Academy and Grammy Award-winning singer, television host and actress. She gained fame on "American Idol". She is the most successful "American Idol" contestant who did not win. 

She went on to star as Effie White in the 2006 motion picture musical "Dreamgirls". Her awards include an Oscar, a Golden Globe, a BAFTA, and a SAG Award. She is native to Chicago, Illinois. Hudson is married to WWE professional wrestler, David Otunga.

Hudson worked as a coach on the UK and US versions of "The Voice" from 2017 to 2019, becoming the first female coach to win The Voice UK.

In 2020, she starred as Aretha Franklin in "Respect".

Heinrich Sutermeister

Heinrich Sutermeister (born Feuerthalen, 12 August, 1910 – died Vaux-sur-Morges, 16 March, 1995) was a Swiss composer.

When he was young he was a student at the main music school in Munich, Germany, where the famous German composer Carl Orff was his teacher. Orff strongly influenced his music. Later he returned to Switzerland, where he lived as a composer.

His most important works are "Romeo und Julia" and " (The Black Widow)". "Romeo und Julia" has been played the first time in Dresden in 1940, under the famous conductor Karl Böhm. During the following years Sutermeister made operas for the radio and television.



Joseph Fourier

Jean Baptiste Joseph Fourier (21 March 1768 – 30 May 1830) was a French mathematician and physicist. He is best known for starting the investigation of Fourier series. He used them for work on problems of heat flow. Fourier also helped the discovery of the greenhouse effect, by suggesting the atmosphere might act as an insulator.

Fourier was born at Auxerre as the son of a tailor. He lost both his parents at the age of 9. He then went on to study at the Convent of St Mark.

He joined the military academy in Auxerre. Aged sixteen, he became a teacher. At age 26, he entered the École normale supérieure in Paris. People like Joseph-Louis Lagrange, Gaspard Monge, and Pierre-Simon de Laplace were among his teachers.

He took part in the French Revolution of 1789. During the Reign of Terror he was almost executed at the guillotine, but the death of Robespierre saved him this fate. He later took part in the French campaign in Egypt and Syria.

Later, as a diplomat, he is put in charge of the scientific background of the Institut d'Égypte. On his return, Napoleon put him in charge of the Isère department.

In 1810, Fourier created the university in Grenoble, and becomes its first head. In 1817, Fourier became a Member of the Académie des Sciences. On the death of Jean-Baptiste Joseph Delambre in 1822 he became head of the mathematics section. In 1826, Fourier was elected to the Académie française.

File server

A file server is a computer joined to a web network or to a home network, and that can store many files in the server's hard disk(s). 

The file server can be a normal computer, or a Network Attached Storage, which is a special computer created to only be a file server. Often people recycle their old computer and they modify it to become a file server which can hold photos, songs, films, and backups. Sometimes web servers that are "hand made" are used as a media center, people put things on the file server (for example movies) and then watch (or use) the things on the file server, often on a Television (like how a DVD player works).


Adliswil

Adliswil is a municipality of the district Horgen in the canton of Zürich in Switzerland.


Aesch, Zürich

Aesch is a municipality of the district Dietikon in the canton of Zürich in Switzerland.


Aeugst am Albis

Aeugst am Albis is a municipality of the district Affoltern in the canton of Zürich in Switzerland.


Affoltern am Albis

Affoltern am Albis is a municipality of the district Affoltern in the canton of Zürich in Switzerland.


Gino Severini

Gino Severini (7 April 1883 – 26 February 1966), was an Italian painter. He was a founding member of the Futurist movement. 

As a young man, he was introduced to Impressionism. This is a type of painting that was popular in the late 1800s. In the early 1900s, he became interested in Cubism. In the 1920s, he started to paint more traditionally and painted a few murals in Switzerland. In the 1940s, he started painting more abstractly again. He died in 1966 in Paris.


Impressionism

Impressionism is a style of painting which began in France in the late 19th century. Impressionist painting shows life-like subjects painted in a broad, rapid style, with brushstrokes that are easily seen and colours that are often bright. The term 'impressionism' comes from a painting by Claude Monet, which he showed in an exhibition with the name "Impression, soleil levant" ("Impression, Sunrise"). An art critic called Louis Leroy saw the exhibition and wrote a review in which he said that all the paintings were just "impressions". 

Impressionist painters are mostly known for their work in oil paint on canvas. Some impressionist painters also made watercolours and prints. There is also some impressionist sculpture.

In the 19th century, most artists learned to paint by attending an art school or academy. The academies were very strict about the way that young artists learnt to paint. The popular style of painting was called classicism. Classical paintings were always done inside a studio. They often showed stories from mythology. An artist would prepare for a painting by doing lots of drawings. The paintings were very smoothly and carefully painted.

At the same time there were several painters who loved to paint the French landscape and the village people in a realist way, different from Classicism. They would often make small quick paintings out of doors, and then finish them in the studio. These artists include Gustave Courbet and Jean-Baptiste Corot. Edgar Degas wrote in 1883: "There is one master, Corot. We are nothing in comparison, nothing". A group of young painters who admired the work of these artists became friends and started painting together. These artists were Claude Monet, Pierre-Auguste Renoir, Alfred Sisley, Frédéric Bazille, Camille Pissarro, Paul Cézanne, and Armand Guillaumin.

Every year the academy in Paris would hold a big exhibition (art show) called the "Salon de Paris". In 1863 an artist called Edouard Manet put a picture into the show called "Lunch on the Grass" ("Le déjeuner sur l'herbe"). The judges at the Salon refused to hang this work in the gallery because it showed a naked woman sitting on the grass with two men wearing clothes. If the painting had been about Ancient Greek mythology, this would not be a problem but these men were wearing ordinary suits, and the woman's dress and hat were lying on the grass. Perhaps she was a prostitute! The judges said that the painting was indecent (very rude). Monet and his friends also had their paintings turned away. They were angry and they met with Manet to discuss this. The Emperor Napoleon III gave permission for another exhibition called the "Salon des Refusés" which showed all the pictures that had been "refused". Many people went to see this exhibition and soon discovered that there was a new "movement" in art, quite different from the style that they were used to. 
In 1872 Monet and his friends formed a society called the ""Cooperative and Anonymous Association of Painters, Sculptors, and Engravers"". They began to organize their own art show. In 1874 thirty artists held their first exhibition. The critic Louis Leroy made fun of their work and wrote an article called "The Exhibition of the Impressionists". The public who came to the exhibition also began to use this name. The painters themselves soon started to use the name "Impressionists" and they have been called by that name ever since. They had eight exhibitions between 1874 and 1886. They paid a dealer called Paul Durand-Ruel to organise exhibitions, and he arranged shows in London and New York. Bit by bit, their paintings became popular. Some of the Impressionists, Monet and Renoir, lived to be old and famous, but others died very poor. The main artists who are called "Impressionists" include Claude Monet, Auguste Renoir, Paul Cézanne, Camille Pissarro, Alfred Sisley, Edgar Degas, Berthe Morisot, Armand Guillaumin, Mary Cassatt, Gustave Caillebotte and Frederic Bazille.

Many artists worked with the Impressionists for a short time, but then began to try out new ideas. These artists all painted in different ways, but together are called the Post-Impressionists. They include Georges Seurat, Paul Cézanne, Paul Gauguin, Henri de Toulouse-Lautrec, and Vincent van Gogh.

While the French Impressionist painters were at work in France, painters in other countries were also beginning to paint outdoors in a broader style. Eventually the Impressionist style spread to many countries across Europe, to North America and Australia. Some artists continued to paint in the Impressionist style right through the 20th century.
Before the time of the Impressionists, many artists worked by painting portraits. Before the invention of the camera, painted portraits were the main way to record a person's "appearance" (what they looked like). But by the time the Impressionists started painting, there were many photographers who had studios where people could go to be photographed. As cameras improved, photographers started taking "snapshots" of scenery and people outdoors.

Photography had two effects on painters. Firstly, it meant that it was much harder for them to live by painting portraits. Many artists became very poor. Secondly, the image taken by a camera often has interesting angles and viewpoints that are not usually painted by artists. Impressionist painters were able to learn from photographs. Many Impressionist paintings make the viewer feel as if they were right there, looking at the scene through the eyes of the artist.

Impressionist painters did not paint from their imagination, from literature, history or mythology like most other painters of the 19th century. They painted what they saw in the world around them: the town where they lived, the landscape where they went on holiday, their family, their friends, their studios and the things that were around their home. Sometimes they were "commissioned" (given a job) to paint a portrait of someone.

Impressionist painters liked to paint "ordinary" things that were part of everyday life. They painted women doing the washing and ironing, ballet dancers doing exercises, horses getting ready for a race and a bored-looking waitress serving a customer. Nobody, before the Impressionists, had ever thought that these subjects were interesting enough to paint.

Even though many Impressionist artists painted people, they are thought of mainly for their landscape painting. Impressionist painters were not satisfied with doing some drawings or quick painted sketches outdoors and then making grand pictures in the studio. Impressionist painters were not satisfied with painting the shape of the land, the buildings and trees. They wanted to capture the light and the weather.

The Impressionist painters looked for a "technique" (a way of doing something) to paint landscapes that showed the light and the weather. The light and the weather change all the time. The light of the sun on the landscape changes every minute as the Earth turns. Impressionist painters looked at the works of earlier French artists such as Camille Corot and Gustave Courbet. Courbet often took his paints outdoors and made quick coloured sketches that he could then use to make large paintings in his studio. The Impressionist painters were more interested in the sketches than the finished paintings. 

Another artist, Eugene Boudin, used to sit on the beach at Deauville with his oil paints, and make quick paintings of the people on holiday. They would sometimes buy his paintings as souvenirs.

Claude Monet met Boudin and learnt that the only way to "capture" the way that a landscape looked at a particular time was to paint small pictures, very quickly, and without bothering to mix the paints up to make nice smooth even colours. Impressionist painters would use big brushstrokes of different bright colours and let them get mixed up on the canvas, instead of carefully mixing them up on a palette first. By painting in this way, without bothering with the details, Impressionist painters capture a realistic "impression" of a the world that they saw around them.

Some of the things that they painted were: snow gently falling over a town, mist rising on a river in the pink morning light, people walking through a field of wheat with bright red poppies growing in it, sunlight dappling through leaves onto people dancing, a train sending up clouds of smoke in a big railway station, and water lillies floating on a pool under drooping willows.

Most Impressionist landscape paintings are small, so that the artist could carry them outdoors. Some artists, particularly Claude Monet, would take several canvases, and as the day went on and the light changed, he would put down one and take up another. He rented a room from which he could see Rouen Cathedral so that he could paint it from the window at different times of day. Monet also did a series of "Haystack" paintings, showing them standing in the field from different angles and in all sorts of weather, bright sunshine, morning frost and snow. Paintings that are done outdoors are called "plein air" paintings. The Impressionist painters often used to go out together on painting trips, so there are many pictures that can be compared.
The term "impressionism" has been used for other forms of art, such as writing and music. Octave Mirbeau is often described as an impressionist writer. In 1887, music critics said the works of Claude Debussy were impressionist. Later, other composers were also described as impressionist, including Maurice Ravel, Paul Dukas, Erik Satie and Albert Roussel.

Click on each image to enlarge it, to see the way each artist has used brush-strokes and colour.



New York Jets

The New York Jets are an American football team. They are a part of the National Football League abbreviation (NFL). Even though they are called the New York Jets they play in New Jersey. They hail from the same stadium as the New York Giants. They have many fans in New York and New Jersey. The New York Jets started playing in 1960. They have only won one championship.

The Jets were originally called the New York Titans. They played their games in the Polo Grounds. When they moved to Shea Stadium in 1964, they were called the Jets. That was a more modern-sounding name, and it also rhymed with "New York Mets", the other team that played its games at Shea. The New York Jets have won only one super bowl in 1969 , this victory was guaranteed by their QB, Joe Namath, in the media in the weeks leading up to the game.


List of settlements in Ontario

This is a list of settlements in Ontario, Canada. Settlements are listed by the number of people living in them and by order of letters (A-Z).<br>
T<br>

H<br>
M<br>
O<br>
Y<br>

B<br>
C<br>
G<br>
K<br>
L<br>
M<br>
O<br>
R<br>
S<br>
T<br>
V<br>
W<br>

A<br>
B<br>
C<br>
H<br>
K<br>
M<br>
N<br>
P<br>
S<br>
W<br>

A<br>
B<br>
C<br>
E<br>
F<br>
G<br>
H<br>
L<br>
M<br>
N<br>
O<br>
P<br>
Q<br>
S<br>
T<br>
W<br>

A<br>
B<br>
C<br>
D<br>
E<br>
F<br>
G<br>
I<br>
L<br>
M<br>
N<br>
P<br>
S<br>
W<br>

A<br>
B<br>
C<br>
D<br>
G<br>
P<br>
R<br>
T<br>

"Please Note": All the populations shown on this page are city propers (where the city hall is), metropolitan area populations (if any) are higher than the populations shown on this page.

Ouida

Ouida was the pen name of the English writer Maria Louise Ramé (although she preferred to be known as Marie Louise de la Ramée). Ramé was born in Bury St. Edmunds, England, to a French father and an English mother. Her pen name came from the way she pronounced her name when she was a child. 



Théodore Géricault

Théodore Géricault (September 26, 1791 – January 26, 1824) was an important French painter, known for "The Raft of the Medusa" and other paintings. He was one of the people who started the Romantic movement. 

Born in Rouen, France, Géricault was schooled in English sporting art by Carle Vernet and in classical figure composition by Pierre-Narcisse Guérin, who saw that he had talent. 

His first big work, "The Charging Chasseur", shown at the Paris Salon in 1812, showed the influence of the style of Rubens and an interest in contemporary topics.

Giada De Laurentiis

Giada Pamela De Laurentiis is an Italian-American chef and host for Food Network TV shows. She was born on August 22, 1970. She is the granddaughter of movie director Dino De Laurentiis. She was born in Rome and grew up in Los Angeles.

De Laurentiis studied at Le Cordon Bleu in Paris, France.

On May 25, 2003, she married Todd Thompson. The two had been dating since July 1989. The couple's only child is Jade Marie De Laurentiis-Thompson. She was born on March 29, 2008. On December 29, 2014, De Laurentiis announced on her website that she and Todd separated in July, and have decided to end their marriage.

In 2008, she won a Daytime Emmy Award for Outstanding Lifestyle Host.

She is also the voice of "Paulette", a character on the animated children's show "Handy Manny".

Space Shuttle Challenger

Space Shuttle "Challenger" (OV-099) was the second space shuttle used by NASA to fly into outer space. The shuttle broke up 73 seconds after take-off from Cape Canaveral on 28 January 1986.
All seven astronauts who were on it at the time were killed. The crash happened because a rubber tube called an o-ring did not expand to fill a gap in one of the booster rockets, due to cold weather.

The Challenger was named after a Royal Navy ship that explored the Pacific and Atlantic Oceans from 1872 to 1876. Challenger was also the name of the Apollo 17 Lunar Excursion Module.


New Horizons

New Horizons is a space probe launched by NASA on 19 January 2006, to the dwarf planet Pluto and on an escape trajectory from the Sun. It is the first man-made spacecraft to go to Pluto. Its flight took nine years. It arrived at the Pluto-Charon system on July 14, 2015. It flew near Pluto and took photographs and measurements while it passed. At about 1 kilobit per second, it took 15 months to transmit them back to Earth.

Instruments include a Long-Range Reconnaissance Imager (LORRI), a Ralph telescope of 75 mm aperture, an Alice ultraviolet imaging spectrometer, a Particle Spectrometer Suite to study solar wind and particles, a student dust counter (VBSDC), and a Radio Science Experiment (REX).

The primary mission of "New Horizons" is to study Pluto and its system of moons. The secondary mission is to study any objects in the Kuiper Belt, if something became available for a flyby.

The space probe set the record for the fastest man-made object ever launched, with the Earth-relative speed of about 16.26 km/s, although, arguably, the Helios probes got a faster Sun-relative speed. It used a gravity assist from Jupiter to get its high speeds without having to burn as much monopropellant (weak rocket fuel) as needed to fly directly to Pluto.

On January 1, 2019 the probe flew by 486958 Arrokoth a small Kuiper Belt object also called 2014 MU and nicknamed "Ultima Thule". Propellant is now scarce, but a target for a third flyby might be found. It will continue to report about its environment.

The "New Horizons" spacecraft is the 5th spacecraft to go faster than the escape velocity of the solar system. On April 17, 2021, it passed a distance of 50 AU from the Sun.

Simlish

Simlish is a made-up language spoken in the "Sims" video games. It was created because changing the Sims' words into the players' language would cost a lot of money and would make the Sims say the same words all the time. Simlish is spoken by Sims, the characters in "The Sims", "The Sims 2", "The Sims 3" and "The Sims 4". Simlish is a language 

All of these phrases are from "The Sims".

Written Simlish is seen on "The Sims 2", "The Sims 3", and ‘‘The Sims 4’’. It looks similar to Zodiac symbols taken from the Wingdings font on a computer. Text such as the names of Sims, hints and tips and on-screen messages are all in the selected language (i.e. English, French, Spanish), and are usually written in the Comic Sans MS font.


Antonio Tejero

Antonio Tejero Molina (born Alhaurín el Grande, Malaga, Spain, 1932) was a Lieutenant Colonel in the Civil Guard ().

On 23 February 1981, he stormed into the Spanish Parliament building with 150 military and Civil Guard officers, and held the Spanish government hostage During that time, Spain was going from dictatorship to democracy. Tejero did not want democracy and wanted Spain to stay in the dictatorship. 

His coup failed thanks to King Juan Carlos I. Tejero thought the King would support him because the King had been trained by Spain's old dictator, Francisco Franco. Instead King Juan Carlos I went on television dressed in his uniform as commander-in-chief of the Spanish Army and said the coup was wrong. The coup soon stopped, and Spanish television had pictures of the coup leaders trying to escape by climbing out of the windows of the parliament building.

He was held in jail until 3 December 1996.

Conanthera

Conanthera is a genus of 3-4 species of small Chilean bulbous plants with small panicles of blue, purple or white and purple flowers. The plant reproduces by offsets or seed.


Fátima, Portugal

Fátima () is a city in Portugal. It is famous for the religious visions that took place there in 1917. The town itself has a population of 10,302 (2001). It is in the municipality of Ourém, in the Centro Region and sub region of Medio Tejo. It is in the district of Santarém and included in the urban agglomeration of Leiria, in central Portugal, south of Porto and north of Lisbon.



Bodyguard

A bodyguard is a security guard who physically protects a person against injury. Very often, important people, like heads of state, religious leaders (i.e. the Pope), actors, and powerful or rich people have bodyguards. 

Mehmet Ali Ağca

Mehmet Ali Ağca (born January 9, 1958) is a Turkish criminal. He is known for shooting and wounding Pope John Paul II on May 13, 1981. For this assassination attempt, he served 19 years of his life sentence in prison in Italy for attempted murder. In 2000, he was extradicted to Turkey, where he was convicted of two robberies he committed in 1979. He was sentenced to seven years four months for the robberies, and continued serving his sentence for the murder of Abdi İpekçi (1929-1979), a left-wing journalist whom he shot. Ağca has described himself as a mercenary with no political orientation. He has made many different claims about the shooting of the Pope. He used to be a member of the Turkish ultra-nationalist Grey Wolves organization. He was released on January 18, 2010 and diagnosed with antisocial personality disorder.

Bayonet

A bayonet (from French "baïonnette") is a knife- or dagger-shaped weapon. It is designed to be attached to a rifle barrel or similar weapon. This will turn the gun into a spear. It is a close-combat or last-resort weapon.

18th and 19th century military tactics included the use of a bayonet fixed on the infantryman's musket. These were used with massed troop formations. One of the more notable of these was the "bayonet charge". This was an attack by a formation of infantrymen with fixed bayonets, usually over short distances. It was to overrun enemy strong points, capture artillery batteries, or break up enemy troop formations.

With the use of the bayonet, the pike was no longer used because infantry could now defend themselves from cavalry without sacrificing firepower per man. The Russian Army used the bayonet frequently during the Napoleonic wars. A Russian saying coined by Russian General Alexander Suvorov was "The bullet is foolish, the bayonet wise". Given Russia's often poorly trained armies and inaccurate smoothbore muskets, Russian officers preferred to use the bayonet charge instead of musket volley fire where possible.

Marcel Lefebvre

Marcel-François Lefebvre (November 29 1905 – March 25 1991), better known as Archbishop Marcel Lefebvre, was a French Roman Catholic bishop. For a long time, he worked as a missionary in Africa with the Holy Ghost Fathers. After returning, he started to be against the changes within the Church. These changes were introduced after the Second Vatican Council.

In 1970, Lefebvre founded the Society of St. Pius X (SSPX), which is still the world's largest Traditionalist Catholic priestly society. In 1988, Lefebvre made four new bishops to continue his work with the SSPX. He took this step against the orders of Pope John Paul II. Because of this, the Holy See announced the following day that he had been excommunicated from the Catholic Church. Those who supported Lefebvre think, this declaration was not valid.

Second Vatican Council

The Second Ecumenical Council of the Vatican, or Vatican II, was the twenty-first Ecumenical Council of the Roman Catholic Church. An Ecumenical Council is a meeting of the bishops of the Church to discuss matters of Church doctrine and practice. Pope John XXIII started Vatican II in 1962 and it lasted until 1965, when Pope Paul VI ended it. Four future popes took part in the council's opening session: Cardinal Giovanni Battista Montini, who on succeeding Pope John XXIII took the name of Paul VI; Bishop Albino Luciani, the future Pope John Paul I; Bishop Karol Wojtyła, who became Pope John Paul II. Father Joseph Ratzinger, who was only 35 at the time, was there as a theological consultant. More than forty years later, he became Pope Benedict XVI. 

Different things were discussed. These aimed at modernising the church, and opening a dialogue with other religions. Many people see these meetings as the most important event in the Catholic Church in the 20th century. They let Mass be said in different languages, instead of just Latin. 


Veronica Guerin

Veronica Guerin (5 July 1959 - 26 June 1996) was an Irish journalist who was born in Dublin.

On June 26, 1996, Guerin was shot to death by Irish drug dealers. Her assassination made many Irish people angry, which brought down many drug dealers on the island. The criminal John Gilligan was later convicted of her murder and sentenced to 28 years in prison, though Gilligan said in High Court that it was his friend John Traynor who murdered Guerin.

Umayyad Mosque

The Grand Mosque of Damascus, also known as the Umayyad Mosque (Arabic: جامع بني أمية الكبير, transl. "Ğām' Banī 'Umayyah al-Kabīr"), is one of the largest and oldest mosques in the world.It is in one of the holiest sites in the old city of Damascus. It is also very important because of its architecture.

The mosque holds a shrine which is said to contain the head of John the Baptist (Yahya), honored as a prophet by Muslims and Christians alike. The head was supposedly found during the excavations for the building of the mosque. The tomb of Saladin stands in a small garden adjoining the north wall of the mosque.

In 2001, Pope John Paul II visited the mosque, primarily to visit the relics of John the Baptist. It was the first time a pope paid a visit to a mosque.

Greek Orthodox Church of Alexandria

The Orthodox Church of Alexandria () is one of the Eastern Orthodox Churches. 
It is sometimes called the Greek Orthodox Patriarchate of Alexandria to distinguish it from the Coptic Orthodox Patriarchate of Alexandria. In Egypt, members of the Greek Orthodox Patriarchate were also known as Melkite, because they remained in communion with the Ecumenical Patriarch of Constantinople after the schism that followed the Council of Chalcedon in 451.

Lourdes

Lourdes () is a town and commune in the southwest of the Hautes-Pyrénées department. It is in the first Pyrenean foothills in the Occitanie region, in southwestern France.

Lourdes was originally a small unremarkable market town lying in the foothills of the Pyrenees. At that time the most prominent feature was the fortified castle which rises up from the centre of the town on a rock. Following the claims that there were apparitions of Our Lady of Lourdes to Bernadette Soubirous in 1858, Lourdes has developed into a major place of Christian pilgrimage.

Today Lourdes has a population of around 15,000 inhabitants but is able to take in some 5,000,000 pilgrims and tourists every season. Lourdes has the second greatest number of hotels in France after Paris with about 270 establishments.

It is the joint seat of the diocese of Tarbes-et-Lourdes.

Lourdes is overlooked from the south by the Pyrenean peaks of Aneto, Montaigu, and Vignemale (3,298m), while around the town there are three summits reaching up to 1,000 m, which are known as the Béout, the Petit Jer and the Grand Jer.

It has an area of and its average altitude is ; at the city hall, the altitude is .

The inhabitants of Lourdes are known, in French, as "Lourdais" (women: "Lourdaises").

Lourdes has a population, in 2014, of 14,361, and its population density is of inhabitants/km.



Palindromic prime

A palindromical prime number is a prime number that reads the same when reversed.

Palindromical prime numbers include:

2, 3, 5, 7, 11, 101, 131, 151, 181, 191, 313, 353, 373, 383, 727, 757, 787, 797, 919, 929, 10301, 10501, 10601, 11311, 11411, 12421, 12721, 12821, 13331, 13831, 13931, 14341, 14741, 15451, 15551, 16061, 16361, 16561, 16661, 17471, 17971, 18181, 18481, 19391, 19891, and 19991.

Out of the above list, 2 is the only number that is not an odd number. Almost all palindromic numbers are composite, for any base.

11 is the only palindromic prime with an even number of digits because all palindromic numbers with an even number of digits can be divided by 11, which means they are not primes.

The palindromic prime numbers have an infinite number, one of them can be created based on Smarandache function, and, etc. The known biggest palindromic prime so far is

with 1,888,529 digits, found on 18 October 2021 by Propper and Batalov.


Shrine

A shrine is a holy or sacred place with something important inside it, such as the tomb of a religious person. Shrines are built in the surroundings of the grave of pious men. These are built to show respect and love for the one who died. People visit the shrines to pray for themselves and also for the dead. Shrines are common in Muslim countries. However other countries also have shrines; in Japan, Shinto 'Jinja' are called shrines in English.

Originally, the word "shrine" referred to a container, usually made of gold or silver and was used to store relics.

The most famous type of shrines are the Buddhist shrines

Embargo

An embargo is when a government refuses to trade with a country or a certain part of a country. This is usually because of a political problem inside the country. It differs from a blockade in not requiring a state of war or obliging other countries to stop trading. 

As with other economic sanctions, an embargo stops trade between countries. This means that the countries in question will get poorer. The hope is that the problem within the country will stop.

Supreme Governor of the Church of England

The Supreme Governor of the Church of England is a title which British Monarchs have to show their leadership over the Church of England. The title was first granted to Queen Elizabeth I after she passed the Act of Supremacy, which required all officials in the Church of England to state an oath of allegiance to her. 

Havelland

Havelland is a district in Brandenburg, Germany.

The district was established in 1993 by joining the old districts of Nauen and Rathenow.

Havelland is the name for the regions on the banks of the Havel river between the city of Berlin and the Elbe river. This region also includes the cities of Brandenburg and Potsdam, that are not part of the district. The Havelland district mainly consists of the areas north of the Havel river.


Knock, County Mayo

Knock ("An Cnoc" in Irish, meaning "The Hill" – but now more generally known in Irish as "Cnoc Mhuire", "Hill of (the Virgin) Mary") is a small town in east County Mayo in Ireland. Knock's notability comes from the Knock Shrine Apparition of 1879. At 8:00PM on 21 August 1879, it was reported that the Virgin Mary, together with St Joseph and St John the Evangelist, appeared to local people.

In the 20th century it became one of Europe's major Roman Catholic Marian shrines, alongside Lourdes and Fatima. One and a half million pilgrims visit Knock Shrine annually. It was visited by Pope John Paul II, a supporter of devotion to the Virgin Mary, in 1979 to commemorate the centenary of the apparition.

Licheń Stary

Licheń Stary is a village. 1,200 people live there. It is on the Lichen Lake in the Greater Poland Voivodeship, 15 km north of Konin, Poland. It is often referred to as simply Licheń. Legends trace the name to the ancient Slavic pagan deity Licho, whose sanctuary was allegedly located nearby.

It is the home of the famed Sanctuary of Our Lady of Licheń hosting Our Lady of Sorrows, Queen of Poland.

Märkisch-Oderland

Märkisch-Oderland is a "Kreis" (district) in the eastern part of Brandenburg, Germany.

Much of the district is mainly agricultural land, but there is a swampy area along the Oder called the "Oderbruch". The Oderbruch is about in length and in width. It was partially drained in the 18th century, and people started to live in the new area.

The districts of Lebus and Oberbarnim were both created in 1816. In 1952, the districts were split into three parts, the districts Bad Freienwalde, Seelow and Strausberg. In 1993 the three parts were joined to form the current district.


Oberhavel

Oberhavel is a "Kreis" (district) in the northern part of Brandenburg, Germany.

The district was formed on 6 December 1993 by joining the old districts of Gransee and Oranienburg.


Oberspreewald-Lausitz

Oberspreewald-Lausitz (Low Sorbian: "Wokrejs Górne Błota-Łužyca") is a "Kreis" (district) in the southern part of Brandenburg, Germany.

The Spree river runs through the district; along its banks there is the Spreewald, a wooded area and home of several rare animals. The district is part of the historic region of Lusatia.

The district was made in 1993 by joining the old districts Calau and Senftenberg and small part of the district Bad Liebenwerda.


Greek Orthodox Patriarch of Alexandria

The Eastern Orthodox Pope and Patriarch of Alexandria and all Africa is the head of the Greek Orthodox Church of Alexandria. This has been Patriarch Theodore II of Alexandria since 2004.

Oder-Spree

Oder-Spree is a "Kreis" (district) in the eastern part of Brandenburg, Germany.

The district is named after the two major rivers in the district - the Spree, and the Oder river which is the eastern border.

The district was created in 1993 by joining the districts of Eisenhüttenstadt, Beeskow and Fürstenwalde, and the independent city Eisenhüttenstadt.


Cockburn Island, Ontario

Cockburn Island is an island in the Canadian province of Ontario, found in the Manitoulin District. It has the least number of people living in it while still being a municipality of Canada. It had a population of 2 people in 2006. There is an Indian reservation, or place where Indians live, on Cockburn Island.

Ostprignitz-Ruppin

Ostprignitz-Ruppin is a "Kreis" (district) in the northwestern part of Brandenburg, Germany.

The modern district was made in 1993 by joining the old districts Kyritz, Neuruppin and Wittstock. The district roughly covers the same territory as the two historic districts Ostprignitz and Ruppin.

Thomas Morley

Thomas Morley (born at Norwich?, 1557 or 1558; died at London, October 1602) was an English composer, music theorist and organist. He was the most important English composer of madrigals. He studied the madrigals by Italian composers and created the tradition of the English madrigal, a tradition that became extremely popular, but which only lasted about 30 years.

Morley’s father was a brewer who lived in Norwich, so it is likely that Morley was born there. He may have been a choirboy in Norwich Cathedral. We know that in 1583 he got the job of organist there. In a book he published later in his life he said that William Byrd was his master. If this means that he had lessons from Byrd he must have travelled away from Norwich. In 1588 he got a degree from Oxford, and soon afterwards he became an organist at St. Paul's Cathedral in London.

In 1588 Nicholas Yonge published a book called "Musica transalpina". It was a collection of Italian madrigals with words translated into English. Soon after this Morley started to publish his own madrigals. In 1592 he became a Gentleman of the Chapel Royal.

In London Morley lived near Shakespeare. We do not know whether the two men worked together, but Morley did set Shakespeare’s words "It was a lover and his lass" from "As You Like It". We do not know whether it was ever used in a performance of Shakespeare's play. It is quite possible, because Morley was well-known.

From 1593 onwards Morley published a great deal of music and also made a lot of money out of music publishing, both of his own and other composers’ music.

It is thought that Morley died in October 1602.

Morley wrote sacred music as well as madrigals. His church music is strongly influenced by William Byrd. 

His madrigals are his most important works. They are often very lively and have tunes that are easy to sing. One of his best known madrigals is called "Now is the Month of Maying". He started by using the Italian style and changed it to make it sound English. The madrigals of Thomas Weelkes and John Wilbye are usually more serious. 

As well as madrigals, Morley wrote music for instruments, including keyboard music. Some of his pieces are in the famous collection called "Fitzwilliam Virginal Book"). He also wrote music for the typically English combination of two viols, flute, lute, cittern and bandora.

Morley wrote a book about music theory called "Plaine and Easie Introduction to Practicall Musicke". It was published in 1597 and was read by many people for two centuries after his death. It tells us a lot about how music was performed in Morley’s

Hans Sebald Beham

Sebald Beham (1500–1550) was a German printmaker who did his best work as an engraver. He also designed woodcuts, painted and worked as a miniaturist. He is one of the most important of the "Little Masters", a group of German artists making old master prints in the generation after Albrecht Dürer.

His name is often given as Hans Sebald Beham, although there is no documentary evidence that he ever used this additional forename.

Beham was born in Nuremberg in 1500 into a family of artists. In 1525, he and his brother were banished from Nuremberg because they were thought to have not accepted the Churches ideas (heresy) and blasphemy. They came back to the city in 3 months, but Beham was banished again in 1528 for publishing a book which was plagiarised from an unpublished manuscript by Albrecht Dürer.

From 1532 he lived mostly in Frankfurt until he died in 1550.

Most people know him as "Sebald Beham". However, he signed some of his prints before 1532 with "HSP". After he moved to Frankfurt, he signed his prints with "HSB".

Beham made about 252 engravings, 18 etchings and 1500 woodcuts. He worked on small, very detailed engravings (sometimes as small as a postage stamp). This makes him part of the German printmaking school called the "Little Masters", since their works were so small. He created and published his works himself, but his larger works were mostly commissioned work to be sold.

He also made prints to be used as cards, wallpaper, coats of arms, designs for other artists and designs for stained or painted glass. He also painted a table top (now in the Louvre ) for Cardinal Albrecht, Archbishop of Mainz.
Beham mostly engraved pictures of peasants and scenes from myths or history, sometimes with erotic scenes as well. Since he was working at the same time as Dürer, the most recognised artist at the time, one of his early woodcuts, "Head of Christ", was thought to have been done by Dürer. Beham also worked with his brother Barthel, and shared ideas with him. Later, he re-drew some of Dürer's works like gus Melancholia of 1539.

After publishing a book about drawing horses, for which he was exiled, he wrote a book on drawing the human figure. His book was mostly just a simplified book of Dürer's own books, but his book was easier to use and cheaper than Dürer's books, so artists preferred to buy his.

Potsdam-Mittelmark

Potsdam-Mittelmark is a "Kreis" (district) in the western part of Brandenburg, Germany.

The district was created in 1993 by joining the old districts Belzig, Brandenburg-Land and Potsdam-Land.


Skinny jeans

Skinny jeans are a style of denim jeans that have straight legs and tend to crumple around the ankles. They are called "skinny jeans" because they give you a thin figure. This style was started in the 1980s to make a retro-punk look. This style came to life again in late 2006 by Avril Lavigne in one of her music videos. They are usually used for a gothic-punk look or retroand hip-hop 

John Wilbye

John Wilbye (pronounce: “WIL-bee”), (born Diss, Norfolk, baptised 7 March 1574; died Colchester, between September and November 1638), was an English composer who was famous for his madrigals.

Wilbye was the son of a tanner. He was supported financially by a rich family called Kytson. The Kytsons were very musical and had lots of musical instruments and sheet music in their house. It is thought that he went with Elizabeth Cornwallis to Hengrave Hall near Bury St. Edmunds in around 1594 when she married Sir Thomas Kytson the Younger. When Elizabeth died, Wilbye moved to Colchester where he lived with Elizabeth’s youngest daughter with whom he had a long friendship. When Wilbye died he was quite rich.

A book of madrigals by him appeared in 1598 and a second in 1608. It is often called the finest book of English madrigals. There were a total of 64 madrigals in these two books.

Wilbye was influenced by Morley’s madrigals, and also learned directly from the madrigals of Italian composers such as Alfonso Ferrabosco. He wrote many madrigals which have become extremely popular, including "Weep, weep o mine eyes" and "Draw on, sweet night". He was very good at making his music match the meaning of the words. He often used a mixture of major and minor modes.


Prignitz

Prignitz () is a "Kreis" (district) in the northwestern part of Brandenburg, Germany.

The present district was formed in 1993 by joining the old districts of Pritzwalk and Perleberg and some municipalities from the district of Kyritz. The westernmost part of the district was a part of Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania, and changed to be part of Brandenburg on August 1, 1992.


Spree-Neiße

Spree-Neiße (Lower Sorbian: "Wokrejs Sprjewja-Nysa") is a "Kreis" (district) in the southern part of Brandenburg, Germany. 
The district-free city of Cottbus is completely surrounded by the district. To the east is Poland.

The district was started in 1993 by joining the old districts Cottbus-Land, Forst, Guben and Spremberg.


Shurat Islam

Shurat Islam, formerly known as Kharijites, was a branch of Islam. It was one of the three main branches of Islam, along with Shia Islam and Sunni Islam. Though, the branch has no followers today, the Ibadi movement is seen as a moderate current demonization of Shurat Islam. However, Ibadis reject themselves being Shuratis.

Initially, Muslims were divided into two groups, Sunni Muslims and Shia Muslims. After caliph Uthman's death, Ali and Muawiya I were warring. At this time, the Shurati Muslims emerged, who did not pledge allegiance to Ali or Muawiya I. Rather than allegiance, Shurati Muslims decided to attack Ali and Muawiya I's followers.

Sometimes, the term "Kharijite" (or "Neo-Kharijite") is also used for some Islamic terrorist groups. Examples of such groups are the Groupe Islamique Armé in Algeria, or the Takfir wal-Hijra in Egypt.

Thomas Weelkes

Thomas Weelkes (baptised in Elsted, Sussex, 25 October 1576; died London, buried 1 December 1623) was an English composer and organist. He is one of the greatest composers of madrigals of his time as well as great composer of church music.

Thomas Weelkes was baptised in the little village church of Elsted in Sussex on 25 October, 1576. His father may have been the rector at that church. There is no information about Weelkes' childhood.

We know that in 1597 he published his first volume of madrigals, and that he was a young man then. After working for a short time at the house of Edward Darcye, he got the job of organist at Winchester College. He was paid 13s 4d (almost 67p in modern money) per quarter (i.e. every three months), but was given food and somewhere to live. He stayed there for two or three years. 

During his time in Winchester Weelkes composed two more volumes of madrigals, published in 1598 and 1600. He got his B. Mus. Degree from New College, Oxford in 1602, and moved to Chichester to take up the job of organist and choir master at the Cathedral.. He was also a lay clerk at the Cathedral, and was paid £15 2s 4d (£15.11 in modern money) in addition to having food and lodgings. The next year he married Elizabeth Sandham, who came from a rich family. They had three children.

Weelkes' fourth and final volume of madrigals, published in 1608, has a title page where he says that he was a Gentleman of the Chapel Royal. However, his name does not appear in the records at the Chapel Royal, so it is likely that he was only there for a short time until someone else was found for the job.

In later years Weelkes got into trouble with the Chichester Cathedral authorities because of his heavy drinking and bad behaviour. In 1609 he was in trouble because he was absent from work. In 1616 he was in trouble again for swearing. In the end he lost his job because he was drunk at the organ and used bad language during the service. However, he got his job back, but his behaviour was still bad.

Thomas Weelkes died in London in 1623, a year after his wife died. He was buried in St Bride’s Church, Fleet Street, London. In Chichester Cathedral there is a memorial stone to him.

Thomas Weelkes is best known for his vocal music, especially his madrigals and church music. Weelkes wrote more Anglican services than any other important composer of the time, mostly for evensong. Many of his anthems are verse anthems, which would have suited the small choir he was writing for at Chichester Cathedral.

Weelkes was friends with the madrigalist Thomas Morley. When Morley died in 1602, Weelkes wrote an anthem called "A Remembrance of my Friend Thomas Morley", (also known as "Death hath Deprived Me".) Weelkes’s madrigals are very chromatic and use counterpoint and unusual rhythms.


Teltow-Fläming

Teltow-Fläming is a "Kreis" (district) in the southwestern part of Brandenburg, Germany. The district was made in December 1993 by joining the old districts of Luckenwalde, Jüterbog and Zossen, but also including small parts from other former districts such as Luckau.

"Fläming-Skate" is a 160 km long route specially for inline skating, the only such route in Germany.

Curiously, the town of Teltow is not a part of the district Teltow-Fläming, just as the town of Dahme is not a part of the district of Dahme-Spreewald.


Uckermark

Uckermark is a "Kreis" (district) in the northeastern part of Brandenburg, Germany. The district is the largest district in Germany.

The current district Uckermark was made in 1993 by joining the old districts of Angermünde, Prenzlau and Templin and the city of Schwedt.


Black knight

A black knight is a character fictional stories. They are soldiers or knights who do not have a lord, or the lord is secret. They do not have any heraldic standards or have painted them over with black paint. In these stories, black knights are usually evil knights that are good at fighting and usually work alone. 

In Arthurian legend Black Knight was a magical knight summoned by Sir Calogrenant. The Black Knight never told his name. He defeated Sir Calogrenant. Later The Black Knight was killed unfairly by Yvain in a act of revenge for his cousin, Sir Calogrenant.

Black Knight (disambiguation)

A Black Knight is a knight who does not serve a lord.

Black Knight can also mean:

Paladin

A paladin or paladine was a person with a lot of power in many countries during the medieval and in early modern Europe.

The word paladin was first used in Ancient Rome for a chamberlain of the Emperor, and also for the imperial palace guard, called the Scholae Palatinae by Constantine. In the early Middle Ages, the meaning changed and the word was used for one of the highest officials of the Catholic Church in the pope's service and also for one of the big nobles of the Holy Roman Empire, who was then named Count Palatine. The word paladin was also used in 19th century Hungary and in the German Empire and United Kingdom during the early 20th century.

In medieval literature, the paladins or Twelve Peers were known in the Matter of France as the retainers of Charlemagne. Because of the way that this word was used in books, paladin was then known to be a knight with honor.

The paladins of the imperial guard were named after the Scholae Palatinae.

In the beginning, the word paladin was applied to the Chamberlains and to some soldiers guarding the palace of the Roman emperor. In Constantine's time, the word was also used for the best infantry of the army, the Praetorian Guard, that might guard the Roman Emperor during wars.

After the Middle Ages, the word palatine was put onto many different people of power across Europe. The most important of these was the "comes palatinus", the count palatine, who in Merovingian and Carolingian times, was an official of the lords' household and court of law.

During the 800s, Carolingean rule came to an end and the title of Holy Roman emperor with it. About a century later, the title was made alive again by Otto I, though the new empire was now centered in Germany rather than France. The term palatine is found again under Charles IV, but they were less powerful than the previous palatines.

In the early days of England, the word "palatinate", or county palatine, was also used in counties of lords who could use powers normally used by the crown.

In Britain and Germany, paladin was an official rank and was a very good title for one in the service of the emperors. It was a Knight with additional honours, they were allowed to use powers normally used by the crown.

The word "paladin" is still used to describe a good, heroic person, or a defender of a good cause.

Some role playing games now use paladins as a character class that you can choose when starting a new game.

Paladin (disambiguation)

Paladin can mean:



IC50

The IC is a measure of how effective a drug is. It indicates how much of a particular drug or other substance is needed to inhibit a given biological process (or component of a process, i.e. an enzyme, cell, cell receptor or microorganism) by half. In other words, it is the half minimal (50%) inhibitory concentration (IC) of a substance (50% IC, or IC). It is commonly used as a measure of antagonist drug potency in pharmacological research. Sometimes, it is also converted to the pIC scale (-log IC), in which higher values indicate exponentially greater potency. According to the FDA, IC represents the concentration of a drug that is required for 50% inhibition in vitro. It is comparable to an EC for agonist drugs. EC also represents the plasma concentration required for obtaining 50% of a maximum effect "in vivo".

Komitas Vardapet

Soghomon Gevorki Soghomonyan - Komitas Vardepet (also "Gomidas Vartabed") (September 26 1869 in Kütahya, Ottoman Empire - October 22 1935, Paris, France), was an Armenian priest, composer, choir leader, singer, music ethnologist, music teacher and musicologist, known as the founder of modern Armenian classical music.

He was born into a family whose members were deeply involved in music and were monolingual in Turkish. His mother died when he was one and ten years later his father died. In 1895 he became a priest and obtained the title Vardapet (or Vartabed), meaning a "priest" or a "church scholar".

He established and conducted the monastery choir till 1896 when he went to Berlin, to the Kaiser Friedrich Wilhelm University. Here he studied music at the private conservatory of Prof. Richard Schmidt. In 1899 he acquired the title "doctor of musicology" and returned to Echmiadzin. He traveled extensively around the country, listening and recording details about Armenian folk songs and dances performed in various villages. This way he collected and published some 3000 songs, many of them adapted to choir singing.

His major work is Badarak (Divine Liturgy), still used today as one of the two most popular musical settings of the Armenian Church liturgy.

He was the first non-European to be admitted into the International Music Society of which he was a co-founder.

On April 24, 1915, said to be the day when Armenian Genocide officially began, he was arrested. The next day he was put on a train with 180 other Armenian notables and sent to the city of Çankırı in northern Central Anatolia, at a distance of some 300 miles. His good friend, Turkish nationalist poet Emin Yurdakul, the authoress Halide Edip, and the U.S. ambassador Henry Morgenthau intervened with the government and, by special orders from Talat Pasha, Komitas was sent back to the capital. In autumn 1916, he was taken to a Turkish military hospital and he moved to Paris in 1919 where he died in a psychiatric clinic "Villejuif" in 1935. Next year his ashes were transferred to Yerevan and buried in the Pantheon. 
The Yerevan State Musical Conservatory is named after Komitas. There also a world famous string quartet named after Komitas.


Oberägeri

Oberägeri is a municipality in the canton of Zug in Switzerland.

Oberägeri is on a plain on the northern shore of the Ägerisee.

Unterägeri

Unterägeri is a municipality in the canton of Zug in Switzerland.

Menzingen

Menzingen is a municipality in the canton of Zug in Switzerland.

Baar, Switzerland

Baar is a municipality in the canton of Zug in Switzerland.


Cham, Switzerland

Cham is a municipality in the canton of Zug in Switzerland.


Famous People from Cham

Deniz Urcum

DON LOZANO

Oleksandr Mozoriuk
Hünenberg

Hünenberg is a municipality in the canton of Zug in Switzerland.

Steinhausen, Switzerland

Steinhausen is a municipality in the canton of Zug in Switzerland.


Risch-Rotkreuz

Risch-Rotkreuz is a municipality in the canton of Zug in Switzerland. Risch-Rotkreuz is well known because of the headquarter of Roche Diagnostics, two nice castles, "Buonas" and "Freudenberg", the one of the most important train station in Switzerland, and of the Swiss Guard.


Walchwil

Walchwil is a municipality in the canton of Zug in Switzerland.


Neuheim

Neuheim is a municipality in the canton of Zug in Switzerland.

Women's rights movement

The women's rights movement is a feminist movement, where women act to get what men have but what women have been denied. The women's rights movement has fought for things such as letting women vote, giving women access to jobs (such as doing construction work) that only men were allowed to do before, and even the right to same-sex marriage. Women and men can both stand for this movement. Women's rights leaders such as Susan B. Anthony encouraged many women to join the women's rights movements. In different societies throughout history, women have had different amounts of rights. The movement fighting for women's rights to vote is called women's suffrage. While there has been a ton of progress, many countries still do not allow women to vote, among other basic rights.


Canton of Solothurn

Solothurn is a canton of Switzerland. It can be found in the northwest of Switzerland. The capital is Solothurn.

There are 10 districts in Solothurn:

The canton has 125 municipalities:

Solothurn

Solothurn can mean:

Pickup truck

A pickup truck is a type of vehicle designed to move things. It is an all-purpose vehicle generally used for the transport of goods. They have an uncovered rear (called a box, boat, raft, bucket, body, plate, bed or basin). It is a cargo area for products or objects. The style is common in North America. Pickup truck cabs have options that can make them as comfortable to drive as a car.

In the early days of automobile manufacturing, vehicles were sold as a chassis only, and third parties added bodies on top. In 1902, the Rapid Motor Vehicle Company was founded by Max Grabowsky and Morris Grabowsky who built one-ton carrying capacity trucks in Pontiac, Michigan. In 1913, the Galion Allsteel Body Company, an early developer of the pickup and dump truck, built and installed hauling boxes on slightly modified Ford Model T chassis, and from 1917 on the Model TT. Seeking part of this market share, Dodge introduced a 3/4-ton pickup with cab and body constructed entirely of wood in 1924. In 1925, Ford followed up with a Model T-based, steel-bodied, half-ton with an adjustable tailgate and heavy-duty rear springs. Billed as the "Ford Model T Runabout with Pickup Body", it sold for ; 34,000 were built. In 1928, it was replaced by the Model A, which had a closed-cab, safety-glass windshield, roll-up side windows, and three-speed transmission.

In 1931, GM introduced light-duty pickups for both GMC and Chevrolet targeted at private ownership. These pickup trucks were based on the Chevrolet Master. In 1940, GM introduced the dedicated light-truck platform, separate from passenger cars, which GM named the AK series. Ford North America continued to offer a pickup body style on the Ford Model 51, and the Ford Australian division produced the first Australian "ute" in 1932. In 1940, Ford offered a dedicated light-duty truck platform called the Ford F100, then upgraded the platform after World War II to the Ford F-Series in 1948.

Dodge at first assumed heavier truck production from Graham-Paige, while the company produced their own light (pickup) trucks, initially on their sufficiently sturdy passenger car frames. But after switching to distinct, dedicated truck frames in 1936, Dodge/Fargo launched an extensive own truck range for 1939, marketed as the 'Job-Rated' trucks. These Art-Deco styled trucks were again continued after WW II.

International Harvester offered the International K and KB series, which were marketed towards construction and farming and did not have a strong retail consumer presence, and Studebaker also manufactured the M-series truck. At the beginning of World War II, the United States government halted the production of privately owned pickup trucks, and all American manufacturers built heavy duty trucks for the war effort.

In the 1950s, consumers began purchasing pickups for lifestyle rather than utilitarian reasons. Car-like, smooth-sided, fenderless trucks were introduced, such as the Chevrolet Fleetside, the Chevrolet El Camino, the Dodge Sweptline, and in 1957, Ford's purpose-built Styleside. Pickups began to feature comfort items such as power options and air conditioning. During this time, pickups with four doors, known as a crew cab, started to become popular. These pickup trucks were released in 1954 in Japan with the Toyota Stout, in 1957 in Japan with the Datsun 220, and in 1957 in America with the International Travelette. Other manufactures soon followed, including the Hino Briska in 1962, Dodge in 1963, Ford in 1965, and General Motors in 1973.

In 1963, the U.S. chicken tax directly curtailed the import of the Volkswagen Type 2, distorting the market in favor of U.S. manufacturers. The tariff directly affected any country seeking to bring light trucks into the United States and effectively "squeezed smaller Asian truck companies out of the American pickup market." Over the intervening years, Detroit lobbied to protect the light-truck tariff, thereby reducing pressure on Detroit to introduce vehicles that polluted less and that offered increased fuel economy.

The U.S. government's 1973 Corporate Average Fuel Economy (CAFE) policy set higher fuel-economy requirements for cars than pickups. CAFE led to the replacement of the station wagon by the minivan, the latter of which belonged in the truck category, which allowed it compliance with less strict emissions standards. Eventually, CAFE led to the promotion of sport utility vehicles (SUVs). Pickups, unhindered by the emissions controls regulations on cars, began to replace muscle cars as the performance vehicle of choice. The Dodge Warlock appeared in Dodge's "adult toys" line, along with the Macho Power Wagon and Street Van. The 1978 gas guzzler tax, which taxed fuel-inefficient cars while exempting pickup trucks, further distorted the market in favor of pickups. Furthermore, until 1999, light trucks were not required to meet the same safety standards as cars and 20 years later most still lagged behind cars in the adoption of safety features.

In the 1980s, the compact Mazda B-series, Isuzu Faster, and Mitsubishi Forte appeared. Subsequently, U.S. manufacturers built their own compact pickups for the domestic market, including the Ford Ranger, and the Chevrolet S-10. Minivans make inroads into the pickups' market share. In the 1990s, pickups' market share was further eroded by the popularity of SUVs.

Mid-sized electric trucks had been tried early in the 20th century but soon lost out to gasoline and diesel vehicles. In 1997 the Chevrolet S-10 EV was released, but few were sold, and those were mostly to fleet operators.

By 2023, pickup trucks had become strictly more lifestyle than utilitarian vehicles. Annual surveys of Ford F-150 owners from 2012 to 2021 revealed that 87% of the owners used their trucks frequently for shopping and running errands and 70% for pleasure driving, whereas 28% used their trucks often for personal hauling (41% occasionally and 32% rarely/never) and only 7% used them for towing while 29% only did so occasionally and 63% rarely/never did. A 1960s-1970s Ford F-100 was typically regular cab and consisted of mostly 64% bed and 36% cab, while by mid-2000s, crew cabs were largely becoming the norm and the bed was shrunk to accommodate the larger cab, and a 2023 F-150 consisted of 63% cab and 37% bed.

The back of the truck is open, like some other types of trucks. It is very powerful for its small size. Pickup trucks have different shapes, sizes, and uses. Sometimes people would go ride in the back of the trucks to work. The back of the truck where the goods are placed is called a "cargo bed". The cargo bed may be covered with a "tonneau cover" made of cloth, metal or plastic, to protect the cargo from rain and dirt.

Pickup trucks are easy to load and unload. They are especially popular in the countryside, where they are used to carry various agricultural cargo or tools.

Pickup trucks often have the same chassis as vans. Usually, pickup trucks are same size as normal cars. You usually may drive a pickup truck with the same driver's license as an ordinary car, but heavy pickup trucks may require a light truck license. The smallest pickup trucks are made from scooters by replacing the rear seat and rear wheel with an axle and cargo bed, and some have only three wheels.

A pickup truck can be turned into an improvised military vehicle by installing a machine gun or a light cannon on the cargo bed. Such cars are called ""technicals"", and they are especially popular in Africa. Pickup trucks are considered one of the most reliable and popular cars in the U.S. It is because of their functionality and good fit to the climate or landscape.


Kennedy Space Center

The John F. Kennedy Space Center (KSC) is a spaceport in Merritt Island, Florida, USA. It is one of the ten main locations of NASA. Since December 1968, Kennedy Space Center has been the main launch center of human spaceflight of the United States. It borders on the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station, which helps the Space Center.

There are about 700 facilities and buildings in the of KSC. The unique facilities of KSC are the tall "Vehicle Assembly Building", the Launch Complex 39 (39A, 39B and 39C), the long "Shuttle Landing Facility", the 4-storey tall "Launch Control Center", and the "Visitor Complex".

The Launch Complex 39 (LC-39) is a rocket launch facility of KSC. The site was originally made for the Apollo program. Later, it was modified for the Space Shuttle program. , only Pad 39A is in use to launch SpaceX's Falcon 9 and Falcon Heavy. Pad 39B is modifying for NASA's Space Launch System. The Pad 39C was added in 2015 for small rocket launches, although it is not in use.

The Shuttle Landing Facility (SLF) is an airport of KSC. It was used for landing of the Space Shuttle until 2011. It is also used for take offs and landings for NASA airplanes, for example the Shuttle Carrier Aircraft and some civilian airplanes.

The Launch Control Center (LCC) is a building at KSC. It controls the rocket launches from Launch Complex 39.

Several factory buildings are on-site at KSC, for the manufacture and processing of space station components. They include the Space Station Processing Facility (SSPF), and the Neil Armstrong Operations and Checkout Building (O&C).

The Visitor Complex is the visitor center of KSC. It has exhibits and displays, historic spacecraft and memorabilia, movies, and a bus tour of the KSC. , about 1,700,000 people visited the center.


Bradleys Head Fortification Complex

The Bradleys Head Fortification Complex is near Toronga Park Zoo. This fort was part of Sydney Harbour’s protection plan. It [the fort] remembers a time when the colony of New South Wales became more aware of its isolation and wealth. The fort is on Bradleys Head Road, Mosman, New South Wales, Australia.

They first started work to build the fort in 1840-42. It had a gun pit (special place for the cannon to sit and fire from) and firing wall (pictured in intro) that was built out of large blocks of sandstone and carved partly from the original rock that was already there. The first part of the building process around this time was done under the watchful eye of Major George Barney, a Commanding Royal Engineer who used hired workers provided by Governor Gipps.

In 1871 the fort got an extra barracks. The barracks were made from large sandstone blocks and carved out of the rock on the headland. This addition was the work of James Barnet, a colonial architect. This most recent add-on had three gun pits and had connecting walkways for the people in the army that worked there. The upgrade of 1871 was complementary to some of the larger fortifications being constructed during the same period.
The site is now part of the Sydney Harbour Federation Trust.

Arnsberg Government Region

Arnsberg is one of the five Regierungsbezirke of North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany, in the southeast of the country. It covers the Sauerland hills as well as the east part of the Ruhr area.


Altdorf, Schaffhausen

Altdorf was a municipality in the municipality of Thayngen and the canton of Schaffhausen in northern Switzerland.

Bargen, Schaffhausen

Bargen is a municipality in the canton of Schaffhausen in Switzerland.


Undervelier

Undervelier was a municipality of the district of Delémont in the canton of Jura in Switzerland. On 1 January 2013, the former municipalities of Undervelier, Bassecourt, Courfaivre, Glovelier and Soulce merged into the new municipality of Haute-Sorne.

Canton of Schaffhausen

Schaffhausen is a canton of Switzerland. The capital city of the canton is Schaffhausen.

The canton of Schaffhausen is the canton of Switzerland farthest north, located to the north of Zurich. 

The Rhine Falls are the largest waterfalls in Europe and lie on the border of the canton of Schaffhausen, the canton of Zurich and Germany.


Vellerat

Vellerat was a municipality in Delémont in the canton of Jura in Switzerland. On 1 January 2019, the former municipalities of Rebeuvelier and Vellerat merged into the municipality of Courrendlin.

Vermes, Switzerland

Vermes was a municipality, in the new municipality of Val Terbi and district of Delémont in the canton of Jura in Switzerland.<br><br>

Rhine Falls

The Rhine Falls, called the Rheinfall in Switzerland, are the biggest waterfalls of Europe.

They can be found in the High Rhine in the upper parts of the river Rhine, in the municipalities of Neuhausen am Rheinfall and Laufen-Uhwiesen, near the town of Schaffhausen in the north part of Switzerland and close to the German border. They are 150 meters (450 ft) wide and 23 meters (75 ft) tall. 
The Rhine Falls were made in the last ice age about 14,000 to 17,000 years ago.

<br>


Beggingen

Beggingen is a municipality in the canton of Schaffhausen in Switzerland.

Beringen, Switzerland

Beringen is a municipality in the canton of Schaffhausen in Switzerland. Since 2013, Guntmadingen part of the municipality.

Bibern

Bibern can be one of two municipalities in Switzerland:


Bibern, Schaffhausen

Bibern is a former municipality in the canton of Schaffhausen in Switzerland. On 1 January 2009 the former municipalities of Bibern, Altdorf, Hofen and Opfertshofen merged into the municipality of Thayngen.

Vicques, Switzerland

Vicques was a municipality of the district of Delémont in the canton of Jura in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2013, the former municipalities of Vicques, Montsevelier and Vermes merged into the new municipality of Val Terbi.


Le Bémont

Le Bémont is a municipality of the district of Franches-Montagnes in the canton of Jura in Switzerland.

Raisin bread

Raisin bread is a type of bread that has raisins in it. Sometimes it has cinnamon in it. It can be eaten as toast or as a dessert. Raisin bread is normally sold pre-sliced and often eaten in Northern Europe and the United States. Raisin bread is normally brown in color from the cinnamon. It is normally dryer than normal bread. 


Robert Dyas

Robert Dyas is a large United Kingdom company. They sell goods that people can use in their homes and gardens. The company has over 100 stores in Greater London and South East England.

The company was established in 1872. It was taken over in 2004 by Change Capital, headed by former Marks and Spencer chairman Luc Vandevelde and former M&S CEO and head of B&Q Roger Holmes.


Buch, Schaffhausen

Buch is a municipality in the canton of Schaffhausen in Switzerland.

Buchberg

Buchberg is a municipality in the canton of Schaffhausen in Switzerland.


Cologne Government Region

Cologne Government Region (German: "Regierungsbezirk Köln", Kölsch: "Rejierungsbezirk Kölle") is one of the five governmental districts of the German Federal State of North Rhine-Westphalia. It is in the southwest of that state. It covers the hills of the Eifel as well as the Bergisches Land.

It was made in 1815, when Prussia reorganised its districts.


Büttenhardt

Büttenhardt is a municipality in the canton of Schaffhausen in Switzerland.

Dörflingen

Dörflingen is a municipality in the canton of Schaffhausen in Switzerland.

Gächlingen

Gächlingen is a municipality in the canton of Schaffhausen in Switzerland.

Guntmadingen

Guntmadingen was a municipality in the canton of Schaffhausen in Switzerland. Since 2013, it is part of the municipality of Beringen.

Hallau

Hallau is a municipality in the canton of Schaffhausen in Switzerland.


Hemishofen

Hemishofen is a municipality in the canton of Schaffhausen in Switzerland.

Hemmental

Hemmental was a municipality in the canton of Schaffhausen in Switzerland. Since 2009, it is part of the municipality of Schaffhausen.

Hofen, Switzerland

Hofen was a municipality in the canton of Schaffhausen in Switzerland. It is on the border with Baden-Württemberg in Germany. On 1 January 2009, the former municipalities of Hofen, Altdorf, Bibern and Opfertshofen merged into the municipality of Thayngen.


Lohn, Schaffhausen

Lohn is a municipality in the canton of Schaffhausen in Switzerland.

Löhningen

Löhningen is a municipality in the canton of Schaffhausen in Switzerland.

Detmold Government Region

Detmold () is one of the five Regierungsbezirke of North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany. It is in the northeast of the state.

The Regierungsbezirk was created in 1947 when the old state of Lippe was put into North Rhine-Westphalia and joined to the old "Regierungsbezirk Minden". Regierungsbezirk Minden was one of the original Regierungsbezirke, formed in 1815.


Merishausen

Merishausen is a municipality in the canton of Schaffhausen in Switzerland.

Neuhausen am Rheinfall

Neuhausen am Rheinfall is a municipality in the canton of Schaffhausen in Switzerland.

The municipality is known for the Rhine Falls, Europe's largest waterfall.


Neunkirch

Neunkirch is a municipality in the canton of Schaffhausen in Switzerland.

Oberhallau

Oberhallau is a municipality in the canton of Schaffhausen in Switzerland.

Opfertshofen

Opfertshofen was a municipality in the municipality of Thayngen and the canton of Schaffhausen in Switzerland.

Ramsen

Ramsen is a municipality in the canton of Schaffhausen in northern Switzerland.

Rüdlingen

Rüdlingen is a municipality in the canton of Schaffhausen in Switzerland.

Düsseldorf Government Region

Düsseldorf is one of the five Regierungsbezirke of North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany, in the northwest of the country. It covers the western part of the Ruhr Area. It is the most populated of all German administrative areas of the kind.

It was formed in 1815 when Prussia first made districts.


Schleitheim

Schleitheim is a municipality in the canton of Schaffhausen in Switzerland. It is located directly at the border to Germany.


Siblingen

Siblingen is a municipality in the canton of Schaffhausen in Switzerland.

Stein am Rhein

Stein am Rhein is a municipality in the canton of Schaffhausen in Switzerland.


Stetten, Schaffhausen

Stetten is a municipality in the canton of Schaffhausen in Switzerland.

Stetten

Stetten can be one of many different places:



Stetten is the name of two Swiss municipalities:


Thayngen

Thayngen is a municipality in the canton of Schaffhausen in Switzerland. On 1 January 2009, Altdorf, Bibern, Hofen, Opfertshofen merged into Thayngen.


Trasadingen

Trasadingen is a municipality of the canton Schaffhausen in Switzerland.


Wilchingen

Wilchingen is a municipality of the canton Schaffhausen in Switzerland. Osterfingen was added to this municipality in 2005.


112 (band)

112 (""one-twelve"") is an American R&B quartet that came from Atlanta, Georgia. They started in 1991. In 1997 they won a Grammy Award.

Bucheggberg District

Bucheggberg is one of the 10 districts of the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland, found in the southwest of the canton. 

Bucheggberg contains the following municipalities:

Dorneck District

Dorneck is one of the 10 districts of the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland, found in the north of the canton. 

Dorneck contains the following municipalities:

Gäu District

Gäu is one of the 10 districts of the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland, found in the center of the canton. 

Gäu contains the following municipalities:

Gösgen District

Gösgen is one of the 10 districts of the canton of Solothurn, Switzerland, found in the northeast of the canton. 

Gösgen contains the following municipalities:

Snap!

Snap! is an electronic music group created by German producers Michael Münzing and Luca Anzilotti.



Boney M.

Boney M. was a R&B, disco and reggae group created by West German record producer Frank Farian. They were very successful in the 1970s.





Singles chart peaking in various countries. Includes U.S. Hot Dance Club Play chart entries.

Münster Government Region

Münster is one of the five "Regierungsbezirke" of North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany, in the north of the state.

The "Regierungsbezirk" was made in 1815. This means it is one of the original 25 "Regierungsbezirke" made to help govern Prussia.

The last time the boundaries of the region were changed was 1975. This was when the number of districts was changed from 10 to 5, and the number of district-free cities (urban districts) from six to three.


Caffè Nero

Caffè Nero (Italian for "black coffee") or Caffè Nero Group Plc is a British coffee shop chain. It was established in 1997 and runs more than 330 shops nationwide. The company successfully dismissed a hostile takeover attempt during the COVID-19 pandemic.


Costa Coffee

Costa Coffee is a British multinational coffeehouse and retail company headquartered in Dunstable, Bedfordshire, and a wholly owned subsidiary of Coca Cola. It is the largest coffeehouse chain in the world behind Starbucks and the largest in Britain.

Costa Coffee was founded in London in 1971 by the Costa family as a wholesale operation supplying roasted coffee to caterers and specialist Italian coffee shops. Acquired by Whitbread in 1995 for £19M, it has since grown to over 3,277 stores across 31 countries. The business has 2,121 UK restaurants, over 6,000 Costa Express vending facilities and a further 1,280 outlets overseas (including 395 in China).

Italian Immigrant brothers Bruno and Sergio Costa founded a coffee roastery in Lambeth, London, in 1971, supplying local caterers. The family had moved to England in the 1960s. Costa branched out to selling coffee in 1978, when its first store opened on Vauxhall Bridge Road, London.

In 1985, Sergio bought out Bruno's share of the company. Bruno went on to found a tableware company. By 1995, the chain had 41 stores in UK. In 1995, the business was acquired by Whitbread for £19M, UK's largest hotel and coffee shop operator, becoming a wholly owned subsidiary. In 2009, Costa opened its 1,000th store - in Cardiff. In December 2009, Costa Coffee agreed to acquire Coffee Heaven for £36 million, adding 79 stores in central and eastern Europe. On 31st August 2018, Coca Cola paid US$4.9 billion for the Costa chain worldwide. After approval from regulatory authorities in the European Union and China, the deal went ahead, extending Coke's presence in the coffee and restaurant market. 


Yves Ternon

Yves Ternon (born in 1932 in France) is a French historian specializing on historical research of the Jewish Holocaust and the Armenian Genocide. He is a doctor of history of University Paris IV Sorbonne. He is also an active member of "Doctors Without Borders" organization.



Israel Charny

Israel W. Charny, Hebrew: ישראל טשרני , (born 1931 in Brooklyn, New York City) is an Israeli psychologist and genocide scholar. He is a world renowned genocide expert. He is the editor of the two-volume "Encyclopedia of Genocide". He is executive director of the Institute on the Holocaust and Genocide in Jerusalem.

An affiliate of the Institute for the Study of Genocide, the International Association of Genocide Scholars was founded in 1994 by Israel Charny and other historians.
He has been devoted to the study of the Holocaust and genocide since the mid 1960s. His first publication on the subject which appeared in Jewish Education in 1968 was "Teaching the Violence of the Holocaust: A Challenge to Educating Potential Future Oppressors and Victims for Nonviolence."



Vahakn Dadrian

Vahakn Norair Dadrian (; 26 May 1926 – 2 August 2019) was a researcher and historian of the Armenian Genocide. He was the director of Genocide Research at "Zoryan Institute".

Dadrian was born in Istanbul. He first studied mathematics at the University of Berlin, after which he decided to switch to a completely different field, and studied history at the University of Vienna, and later, international law at the University of Zürich. He completed his Ph.D. in sociology from the University of Chicago.

Dadrian was a professor of sociology, and an internationally renowned expert on the Armenian genocide.

The particularity of Dadrian's research is that by mastering many languages, including German, English, French, Turkish, Ottoman Turkish and Armenian.



David Selby

David Lynn Selby (born February 5, 1941 in Morgantown, West Virginia) is an American actor, mostly in movies, soap operas and on television. 

The son of Clyde Ira Selby and Sarah E. McIntyre Selby, he went to West Virginia University in the town of his birth, getting him a Bachelor of Science and a Master's degree in theater, and after that, a Ph.D. from Southern Illinois University.

In 1998, West Virginia University gave Selby its first Life Achievement Award from the College of Creative Arts.

Publius Ovidius Naso

Publius Ovidius Naso. better known as Ovid in the English-speaking world, was an Ancient Roman poet. He was born on March 20, 43 BC in Sulmona, then called "Sulmo". People today do not know when he died. It was probably either 17 AD or 18 AD. He died in Tomis, which is modern-day Constanţa in Romania. 

With Virgil and Horace he is considered among the three great poets of Latin literature. Ovid usually wrote in verses. Ovid was the most widely read classical author in medieval times and the Renaissance.




Lebern District

Lebern is one of the 10 districts of the canton of Solothurn, Switzerland, found in the west of the canton. 

Lebern district has these municipalities:

Olten District

Olten is one of the 10 districts of the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland, found by the city of Olten. 

Olten contains the following municipalities:

Thal District

Thal is one of the 10 districts of the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland, found in the center of the canton.

Thal contains the following municipalities:

Thierstein District

Thierstein is one of the 10 districts of the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland, found in the north of the canton. 

Thierstein contains 12 municipalities:

Wasseramt District

Wasseramt is one of the 10 districts of the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland, found in the south of the canton. 
Wasseramt contains these municipalities:

Waterboarding

Waterboarding is a type of torture that has been used for a long time. It was often used to make people confess.

The victim is tied onto a table or wooden board. The questioner has a helper, whose job it is to pour water on the victim's nose and mouth through a towel or cloth, to make it difficult for him to breathe. If and when the victim is supplying answers that the questioner deems acceptable, the victim (ideally) is permitted to breathe. 

In modern times waterboarding has been in use in Guantanamo Bay and has been a major political argument. Its use by American forces was banned by President Barack Obama in 2009.

Aedermannsdorf

Aedermannsdorf is a municipality of the district Thal in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.

Aeschi

Aeschi is a municipality of the district of Wasseramt in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland. Burgäschisee is a lake in the forest on the border with Seeberg.

The municipality of Steinhof merged on 1 January 2012 into the municipality of Aeschi.


Burgäschisee

Burgäschisee is a lake by Aeschi in Switzerland. It is on the border of the cantons of Berne and Solothurn. The lake has a surface area of . It is deep at its deepest point.


Aetigkofen

Aetigkofen is a former municipality in the new municipality of Buchegg and district Bucheggberg in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.

Aetingen

Aetingen is a former municipality in the new municipality of Buchegg and in the district Bucheggberg in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.

Balm bei Günsberg

Balm bei Günsberg is a municipality in the district Lebern in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.

Balsthal

Balsthal is a municipality in the district Thal in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.


Beinwil, Solothurn

Beinwil is a municipality in the district Thierstein in Canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.

Bellach

Bellach is a municipality in the district Lebern in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.


Bettlach, Switzerland

Bettlach is a municipality in the district Lebern in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.

Biberist

Biberist is a municipality in the district Wasseramt in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.


Biezwil

Biezwil is a municipality in the district Bucheggberg, in the canton of Solothurn, Switzerland.

Bolken

Bolken is a municipality in the district Wasseramt in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.

Boningen

Boningen is a municipality in the district Olten in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.


Thousand Islands Bridge

The Thousand Islands International Bridge is an international bridge that goes over the Saint Lawrence River. It connects the north part of New York in the United States with south east part of Ontario in Canada. It was made in 1937. Builders added parts in 1959. The bridge goes over the edge that Canada and United States share in the middle of the Thousand Islands area. It gets its name from the name of the area. The bridge is governed by the Thousand Island Bridge Authority, an agency that works around the world.

The bridge is not a single bridge. It is really a lot of bridges that go across parts of the St. Lawrence River, eventually connecting both sides. The south end of the bridge connects with Interstate 81, an interstate. The north side of the bridge connects to Highway 137, a highway in Ontario. There is also an intersection with the Thousand Islands Parkway, a mini highway on the Ontario side.

Thousand Island Bridge Authority is doing a study to find out when the bridge will get to its working limits and how to make no waiting time on the bridge.

The international border is between Wellesley Island in the United States and Hill Island in Canada.

The bridge is much taller than it appears in the photograph to the right. The highest point is 150 feet above the water.

Siege of Orleans

The Siege of Orleans (1428 – 1429) was an important event in the Hundred Years' War between France and England. This was Joan of Arc's first success and the first big success for the French since the Battle of Agincourt in 1415. 

The city of Orleans was at an important place on the river Loire. The English controlled large parts of France when they started the siege, and Orleans was the last thing stopping them from attacking the rest of France. There was not much south of the river to defend the people who served Charles VII of France, so the English came close to joining their northern lands in France with the land they controlled at Aquitaine.

The siege started on October 12, 1428 and its only major action until Joan of Arc arrived was the Battle of the Herrings. She initiated several attacks that ended the siege on May 8, 1429 - nine days after her arrival.

Battle of Agincourt

The Battle of Agincourt was fought on 25 October 1415 and was a major win for England against France in the Hundred Years' War. It led to several later English victories. Henry V of England led the English army and Constable of France Charles d'Albret led a larger French army. King Charles of France didn't engage because he was mentally unwell. Henry V was involved in hand to hand combat and was struck by an axe but his helmet saved him. 

The English longbow was an important weapon for killing and winning this battle. It was more powerful than the French crossbow and they had more of them. The majority of the army were bowmen. The English army used sharp wooden archer's stakes to protect the archers from French mounted knights. 

The English took prisoners but killed all except those of high rank. Overall the French lost 8000 men and the English lost 100 but historians are unsure of the actual numbers. The French mainly lost because they wore heavy armour and got stuck in the sticky mud at Azincourt (Agincourt).

Charles V of France

Charles V (21 January 1338 — 16 September 1380), called the Wise (French: "le Sage") was the King of France from 1364 until his death in 1380. He was a member of the House of Valois and was the third french king to rule under the dynasty. He was born in Vincennes, the son of the future King John II of France (then known as Dauphin John) and Bonne of Luxembourg. Charles was 11 years old when his mother Bonne of Luxembourg died. A year later when Charles was 12, his grandfather, King Philip VI died. John then became the King of France and Charles became the Dauphin. Also, his father got remarried to Joan I, Countess of Auvergne. After his father was captured by the English at the Battle of Poitiers in 1356, Charles acted as the Regent of France until his father's death in 1364. 

His reign marked a high point for France during the Hundred Years' War. His armies recovered large parts of the territory from King Edward III of England that had been given to England under the reign of his predecessors at the Treaty of Brétigny. He and his armies also defeated Edward III's fleet and kicked the English troops out of France.

Charles died on 16 September 1380 at the age of 42 in Beauté-sur-Marne near Vincennes and was succeeded by his 12 year old son, Charles VI. He was buried in Saint Denis Basilica.

Charles was a successful king. He was very capable and was also very intelligent. He was very popular around France and was undoubtedly one of France's greatest kings. These reasons eventually gave him the nickname, "the Wise". He also improved the economy of France and stabilized and centralized the country and left a stable throne and a stable country for his son and successor, Charles VI. However, under the reign of Charles VI, the country lad lost lands allowing the English to regain it and that the country became destabilized and decentralized.

Émile Zola

Émile Zola () (2 April 1840 – 29 September 1902) was a major French writer and the most important naturalist writer. He worked toward political liberalization of France.

Zola was nominated for the first and second Nobel Prize in Literature in 1901 and 1902. His death from carbon monoxide poisoning is suspected to have been suicide.



Capetian dynasty

The Capetian Dynasty includes any of the direct descendants of Hugh Capet of France. King Felipe VI of Spain and the grand duke of Luxembourg are members of this family, both through the Bourbon branch of the dynasty.

The "direct Capetians" ruled France from the years 987-1328. After that the junior House of Valois ruled France until 1589, and the House of Bourbon ruled until the revolution of 1792.

Charles the Bald

Charles the Bald (13 June 823 - 6 October 877) was King Charles II of France (843-877). He was also the Holy Roman Emperor (875-877) and King of West Francia (840-877).

Charles married Ermentrude, daughter of Odo I, Count of Orléans, in 842. She died in 869. In 870, Charles married Richilde of Provence, who was descended from a noble family of Lorraine.

With Ermentrude:

With Richilde:

Louis the Stammerer

Louis II (1 November 846 — 10 April 879) nicknamed the Stammerer (French: "le Bègue") was the King of West Francia from 877 until his death in 879. He was the oldest son and the second child of King Charles II of France and Ermentrude of Orléans. He succeded his father as king in October 877 and was crowned two days after his accession.

Louis was physically weak. He couldn't speak very well. Unlike his father, he never became the Holy Roman Emperor. He had little interest in politics. He was a sweet and a simple man, a huge lover of peace, justice, and religion. His short two-year reign was very peaceful.

In 879, Louis started a campaign against the Vikings who were donanating over Europe at that time. However, as soon as the campaign began, Louis felt ill and died on 10 April 879 at the age of 33. He was succeeded by his two sons, Louis III and Carloman II who both successfully defeated the Vikings together at the Battle of Saucourt-en-Vimeu in 881.

Louis had achievements during his reign. He played a significant role in the ongoing struggles between the Carolingian dynasty and the Viking invaders, successfully defending the Frankish kingdom against Vikings. His dedication to securing the borders and maintaining peace within the realm earned him respect and admiration from his subjects and his people.

Gabdulla Tukay

Gabdulla Tukay (April 26, 1886 - April 15, 1913) was a Tatar poet, a classic of the Tatar literature, a critic and a publicist. Tukay was the founder of the modern Tatar literature and the modern Tatar literary language. 

Metropolis (movie)

Metropolis (1927) is a German silent science drama movie. It was written and directed by Fritz Lang. It was made in Germany. It was the most expensive silent movie of the time. The movie is set in 2026 in a city-state called Metropolis. People have been divided into two groups. One group is the thinkers. They live on the Earth in luxury. The other group is the workers. They work underground. They make the life of the thinkers possible. 
The movie features special effects and set design. Lang took his inspiration for the sets from Manhattan. The movie opened in Germany in January 1927. It opened in the United States in March 1927. The American print is the only surviving copy.


Mathematical proof

A mathematical proof is a way to show that a mathematical theorem is true. To prove a theorem is to show that theorem holds in all cases (where it claims to hold). To prove a statement, one can either use axioms, or theorems which have already been shown to be true. Many techniques for proving a statements exist, and these include proof by induction, proof by contraction and proof by cases.

One type of proof is called proof by induction. This is usually used to prove that a theorem holds for all numbers (or all numbers from some point onwards). There are 4 steps in a proof by induction.

1. State that the proof will be by induction, and state which variable will be used in the induction step.

2. Prove that the statement is true for some beginning case.

3. Assume that for some value "n" = "n", the statement is true and has all of the properties listed in the statement. This is called the induction step.

4. Show that the statement is true for the next value, "n"+1.

Once that is shown, it would mean that for any value of "n" that is picked, the next one is true. Since it is true for some beginning case (usually "n"=1), it's true for the next one ("n"=2). And since it is true for 2, it must be true for 3. And since it is true for 3, it must be true for 4, etc. Induction shows that it is always true, precisely because it is true for whatever comes after any given number.

An example of proof by induction is as follows:

Prove that for all natural numbers "n", 2(1+2+3+...+"n"-1+"n")="n"("n"+1).

Proof: First, the statement can be written as "For all natural numbers "n", 2formula_1=n(n+1)."

By induction on n,

First, for n=1, 2formula_2=2(1)=1(1+1), so this is true.

Next, assume that for some "n"="n" the statement is true. That is, 2formula_3 = n(n+1).

Then for "n"="n"+1, 2formula_4 can be rewritten 2("n"+1) + 2formula_3.

Since 2formula_3 = n(n+1), 2"n"+1 + 2formula_3 = 2(n+1) + 2n(n+1).

So 2(n+1) + 2n(n+1)= 2(n+1)(n + 2), which completes the proof.

Proof by contradiction is a way of proving a mathematical theorem by showing that if the statement were false, then there would be a logical contradiction involved. That is, if one of the results of the theorem is assumed to be false, then there would be some inconsistency with the logic.

When proving a theorem by way of contradiction, it is important to note that in the beginning of the proof. This is usually abbreviated BWOC. When the contradiction appears in the proof, there is usually a ⨳ symbol involved.


The Wicker Man (1973 movie)

The Wicker Man is a cult 1973 British horror movie, made and set in Scotland. The movie was directed by Robin Hardy and written by Anthony Shaffer. It stars Edward Woodward, Christopher Lee, Diane Cilento, Ingrid Pitt and Britt Ekland. Paul Giovanni composed the soundtrack.

A police sergeant, Neil Howie goes to a remote island in the Hebrides to investigate the disappearance of a young girl, Rowan. He finds out that the island is run by a pagan cult who are hostile of outsiders, including him. They practice human sacrifice. He believes that Rowan will be used as their human sacrifice. The islanders force Neil into a wicker man and burn him to death.

"The Wicker Man" is generally very highly regarded by critics. Movie magazine "Cinefantastique" described it as "The "Citizen Kane" of Horror Movies", and in 2004 the magazine "Total Movie" named "The Wicker Man" the sixth greatest British movie of all time. It also won the 1978 Saturn Award for Best Horror movie. A scene from this movie was #45 on Bravo's "100 Scariest Movie Moments".

The 2006 remake of this movie stars Nicolas Cage.



Ushuaia

Ushuaia is the capital city of the Argentine province of Tierra del Fuego. The climate is cool and wet. About 64,000 people live there. Ushuaia is the southernmost city in the world.

Puerto Iguazú

Puerto Iguazú is a city in the province of Misiones, Argentina. The city is near the Iguazu Falls. More than 32,000 people live in Puerto Iguazú.

La Plata

La Plata is a capital city of the Buenos Aires province, Argentina. More than 600,000 people live there.

Mendoza

Mendoza is the capital city of the Mendoza Province in Argentina. It is the 4th largest city in Argentina (after Buenos Aires, Córdoba and Rosario).

It has about 111,000 inhabitants, with another 848,660 more inhabitants in the city area.

Córdoba Province (Argentina)

Córdoba is a Province of Argentina.

The city of Córdoba is its capital.

Córdoba has a population of 3,066,801 inhabitants (as of 2001).

Cristina Fernández de Kirchner

Cristina Elisabet Fernández de Kirchner (born 19 February 1953), also called Cristina Fernández, CFK or Cristina Kirchner, is an Argentine attorney and politician. She was the 37th Vice President of Argentina from 2019 to 2023. She was previously the 55th President of Argentina from 2007 to 2015. She was born in La Plata, Buenos Aires Province. She is the daughter of Eduardo Fernandez ( of Spanish descent) a bus driver, and Ofelia Esther Wilhelm (of German descent). She is a lawyer and she was married to former Argentinian president Néstor Kirchner from 1975 until his death in 2010.

She was elected president in October 2007. She was re-elected to a second term in October 2011.

On 30 September 2020, the federal criminal cassation court confirmed the corruption trials of Fernández de Kirchner, ruling the former president's objections to be inadmissible. After analyzing the claims of the defendants in the case for the never-ratified Memorandum with Iran, on 7 October 2021, the Federal Oral Court 8 declared the case null and void. The judges concluded that there was no crime in the signing of the agreement with Iran, and declared a judicial dismissal of Cristina Kirchner and the other defendants. On 6 December 2022, she was sentenced to six years in prison and a lifetime ban from holding public office for corruption, and has stated her intention to appeal the verdict.

On September 1, 2022, after 9:00 p.m., the Brazilian Fernando Andres Sabag Montiel attempted to assassinate Cristina Kirchner outside her home in the Recoleta neighborhood. He pointed a 380-caliber Bersa pistol at his head and fired the shot but the bullet did not come out, and he was subdued by security personnel. The Vice President of Argentina was unharmed. It happened when she was returning to her home and signing books.

Río Cuarto

Río Cuarto is a city in the center of Argentina.

In 2010, 157,000 people lived there, making it Córdoba Province's third largest city.

Salta City

Salta is a city in the north of Argentina.

It is the capital of Salta Province. In 2010, 618,375 people lived there.

List of football clubs in Argentina

This is a list of Argentine football teams by Division. Teams are in alphabetical order.

Club Atlético River Plate

Club Atlético River Plate, commonly known as River Plate, is an Argentine professional football club. They are based in Buenos Aires, and play their home games at Estadio Monumental. 

The name of the club is English for Río de la Plata. They are the most succcessful club in Argentina, with 36 league titles. River Plate has a very strong rivalry with Boca Juniors, mainly because both teams are from Buenos Aires and also are considered the biggest teams in Argentina. Matches between them sometimes involve violence between supporters. 


Flag of Argentina

The national flag of Argentina was created in 1812 by Manuel Belgrano.

It has three horizontal bands in light blue, white and light blue; and a yellow sun in the center.

José de San Martín

José de San Martín (25 February 177817 August 1850) was an Argentine general and politician. He was born in Yapeyú, Corrientes, Argentina. He liberated Argentina, Peru and Chile from Spain. In 1817, he crossed the Andes from Mendoza to Chile. Together with Simón Bolívar, San Martín is called one of the Liberators of South America.

Tandil

Tandil is a city of the Buenos Aires Province, Argentina.

The city is about 330 km from La Plata and Bahía Blanca, 160 km from Mar del Plata, and 360 km from Buenos Aires

Its population is about 110,000 inhabitants.

Bahía Blanca

Bahía Blanca is a city in Buenos Aires Province, Argentina.

The city was founded in 1828 with the appearance of the "Argentine Protective Fortress". It has a population is about 335,190 inhabitants, according to the 2022 stadistics.

It is in the coast of the Atlantic Ocean.

Bariloche

San Carlos de Bariloche, also known as Bariloche, is a city of Argentina in the Río Negro Province.

The city is located on the Andes, 1570 km south-east of Buenos Aires.

Barilloche has a population of 93.101 inhabitants. It's the largest city in Río Negro.

Reservoir Dogs

Reservoir Dogs is a 1992 American crime drama thriller movie written and directed by Quentin Tarantino. It stars Harvey Keitel, Tim Roth, Michael Madsen, Chris Penn and Steve Buscemi. It is the first movie directed by Tarantino and is about the events before and after a jewelry store robbery that went wrong. The movie was released on October 23, 1992. The title, and promo shots associated with the movie, were a take on the violent Sam Peckinpah movie, Straw Dogs. Although "Reservoir Dogs" failed at the theater, it found new life after being released on VHS and DVD, quickly becoming a cult classic.

The movie shows the events before and after a robbery at a jewelry shop in Los Angeles, California, that went wrong. The men are given nicknames with colours so that they do not know each others names; Mr. Blonde (Michael Madsen), Mr. Blue (Eddie Bunker), Mr. Brown (Quentin Tarantino), Mr. Orange (Tim Roth), Mr. Pink (Steve Buscemi), and Mr. White (Harvey Keitel). They work for a gangster Joe Cabot (Lawrence Tierney) and his son, "Nice Guy" Eddie (Chris Penn).

The robbery goes wrong and several of the men are killed, and Mr. Orange is shot and bleeding. The rest of the men return to the hideout and talk about what went wrong. Mr. Blonde has captured a police officer, Marvin Nash (Kirk Baltz) and beat him to try to get an answer. Mr. Blonde tries to torture the police officer while the rest of the men are away but is killed by Mr. Orange who is actually an undercover police officer.

The rest of the men argue and are in a Mexican standoff and are all shot. Mr. Pink, who hid from the shootout, steals the diamonds and runs away.



At the movie's release at the Sundance Film Festival, movie critic Jami Bernard of the "New York Daily News" compared the effect of "Reservoir Dogs" to that of the 1895 movie "L'Arrivée d'un Train en Gare de la Ciotat", where audiences watched a moving train approaching the camera and ran away frightened. Bernard claimed that "Reservoir Dogs" had a similar effect and people were not ready for it. Vincent Canby of the "New York Times" enjoyed the cast and the use of non-linear storytelling. He similarly complimented Tarantino's directing and liked the fact that he did not often use close-ups in the movie. Kenneth Turan of the "Los Angeles Times" also enjoyed the movie and the acting, particularly that of Buscemi, Tierney and Madsen, and said "Tarantino's palpable enthusiasm, his unapologetic passion for what he's created, reinvigorates this venerable plot and, mayhem aside, makes it involving for longer than you might suspect."

Roger Ebert was less enthusiastic; he felt that the script could have been better and said that the movie "feels like it's going to be terrific", but Tarantino's script does not have much curiosity about the characters. He also stated that "[Tarantino] has an idea, and trusts the idea to drive the plot." Ebert gave the movie two and a half stars out of four also claiming that he enjoyed it, and that it was a very good movie from a talented director, like other critics, he enjoyed the cast, but stated "I liked what I saw, but I wanted more".

"Reservoir Dogs" has received a lot of criticism for its strong violence and language. One particular scene that viewers did not like was Michael Madsen cutting off the police officer's ear, and Madsen himself reportedly had a great deal of difficulty finishing the scene especially after Kirk Baltz ad-libbed the desperate plea "I've got a little kid at home". Many people have left theaters during the movie and Tarantino commented at the time: 
It happens at every single screening. For some people the violence, or the rudeness of the language, is a mountain they can't climb. That's OK. It's not their cup of tea. But I am affecting them. I wanted that scene to be disturbing. During a screening of the movie at a Film Festival in Barcelona, fifteen people walked out, including horror movie director Wes Craven and special effects artist Rick Baker. Baker later told Tarantino to take the walk out as a "compliment" and explained that he found the violence unnerving because of its heightened sense of realism.

Critic John Hartl compared the ear-cutting scene to the shower murder scene in "Psycho" and Tarantino to David Lynch. He furthermore explored parallels between "Reservoir Dogs" and "Glengarry Glen Ross". After this movie, Tarantino was also compared to Martin Scorsese, Sam Peckinpah, John Singleton, Gus Van Sant, and Abel Ferrara. For its nonlinear storyline, "Reservoir Dogs" has also often been compared to "Rashomon". Critic James Berardinelli was of a similar opinion; he complimented both the cast and Tarantino's dialogue writing abilities. Hal Hinson of "The Washington Post" was also enthusiastic about the cast, complimenting the movie on its "deadpan sense of humor". Todd McCarthy called the movie "undeniably impressive" and was of the opinion that it was influenced by "Mean Streets", "Goodfellas" and "The Killing".


Aconcagua

Aconcagua is the highest mountain in the Americas, and the highest outside Asia. The altitude is 6,962 meters, or 22,841 feet. It is one of the Seven Summits.

Aconcagua is considered to have the highest mortality rate in South America (approximately three deaths per year). This is due to the fact that it is possible to achieve the ascent with relative ease, people without the proper preparation present themselves to make the attempt. Climbers blanch at altitude sickness and extreme weather changes, with strong winds as a result of the mountain's proximity to the Pacific Ocean.

Since records began in 1926, more than one hundred people have died on Aconcagua. Between 2001 and 2012, of the 42,731 people who sought to reach the summit of Aconcagua, 33 died, which indicates a mortality rate of 0.77 per 1,000 individuals.

It is the Andes, in the Argentine province of Mendoza. It is in Aconcagua Provincial Park.

Bad Doberan (district)

Bad Doberan is a former district in Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania, Germany.

In the Middle Ages the region was made rich because Hanseatic city of Rostock was close. Today the city of Rostock is surrounded by the district, but not a part of it.

In 1793 the bathing resort of Heiligendamm (today a borough of Bad Doberan) was started, and the region became a summer residence for the dukes of Mecklenburg-Schwerin.

In 1952 the districts of Bad Doberan and Rostock-Land were made. They were joined in 1994 to make the present district.


Demmin (district)

Demmin () is a former district in Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania, Germany.

The district was made in 1994 by joining the old districts of Demmin, Altentreptow and Malchin.


Güstrow (district)

Güstrow () is a former district in Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania, Germany.

From 1621 to 1695 the present-day district was the small duchy of Mecklenburg-Güstrow. Afterwards large parts belonged to the duchy of Mecklenburg-Schwerin, and a small part to the duchy of Mecklenburg-Strelitz (see Mecklenburg).

The district of Güstrow was made in 1994 by joining the old districts of Güstrow, Teterow and Bützow.


Ludwigslust (district)

Ludwigslust is a former district in the southwest of Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania, Germany.
The district is mostly between the Elbe river and the city of Schwerin. It is the largest district of Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania, but not many people live there.

After the German reunification the two districts of Hagenow and Ludwigslust were made. In 1994 both districts with the two Ämter of Rastow and Stralendorf from the district Schwerin-Land were joined to make |100pxtoday's district of Ludwigslust.


Mecklenburg-Strelitz (district)

Mecklenburg-Strelitz is a former district in the southern part of Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania, Germany. The district-free city (urban district) of Neubrandenburg is nearly completely surrounded by Mecklenburg-Strelitz district.
The capital of the duchy of Mecklenburg-Strelitz was the town of Strelitz. In 1712 a fire completely destroyed the town. The duke decided to build a new town on the shores of a small lake called the Zierker See. This town became Neustrelitz, or in English "New Strelitz".

The district was created by joining the three old districts Neubrandenburg, Neustrelitz and Strasburg in 1994.


Alec Guinness

Sir Alec Guinness (2 April 1914 - 5 August 2000) was an Academy Award winning English actor. He was born in London. He is well known for the role of Obi-Wan Kenobi, a "Jedi master", in the Star Wars movie series (Episodes IV, V, and VI), a role that he was embarrassed with. He won an Academy Award for "Best Actor in a Leading Role". He got this award for acting in the movie "The Bridge on the River Kwai" (1957). Guinness also received a Golden Globe Award and a BAFTA Award for that movie. He has also received a Tony Award. In 1989 he received a BAFTA Academy Fellowship Award, a lifetime achievement award. Guinness died from liver cancer in Midhurst, West Sussex, in 2000.


Müritz (district)

Müritz is a former district in the southern part of Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania, Germany. It is named after the lake Müritz. Lake Müritz is the largest Lake in Germany. Lake Constance is larger, but part of it is in Switzerland and another part in Austria.

The district was created on June 12, 1994 by joining the old districts of Röbel and Waren, and a few municipalities from the districts Malchin and Neustrelitz.


Nordvorpommern

Nordvorpommern ("North Western Pomerania") is a former district in the northern part of Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania, Germany. It is on the coast of the Baltic Sea, and it surrounds the coastal city of Stralsund.

On the coast is a long peninsula, called the Darß. Between the Darß and the mainland there is a very shallow lagoon. the lagoon and the peninsula are part of the Western Pomerania Lagoon Area National Park.

Until 1819 the area was controlled by Sweden. Then it became a part of Prussia. The modern district was made in 1994 by joining the three old districts of Grimmen, Ribnitz-Damgarten and Stralsund.


Nordwestmecklenburg

Nordwestmecklenburg ("Northwestern Mecklenburg") is a rural district ("Landkreis") in the northwestern part of Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania, Germany. It is on the coast of the Baltic Sea and border with Schleswig-Holstein. The former district-free city of Wismar has been part and also capital of Nordwestmecklenburg since September 4, 2011.

The district was made in 1994 by joining the old districts Gadebusch, Grevesmühlen and Wismar, and also smaller parts of the districts Sternberg and Schwerin-Land.


Ostvorpommern

Ostvorpommern is a former district in the eastern part of Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania, Germany. The Hanseatic city of Greifswald is surrounded by the district, but does not belong to it.

The district was created on June 12 1994 by joining the old districts of Anklam, Greifswald and Wolgast.


Parchim (district)

Parchim is a former district in the southwestern part of Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania, Germany.

Most of the district is now used for farming, but in the easternmost part there are several lakes, the largest of them being the Plauer See (39 km²). The Plauer See marks the western end of the Müritz lakeland.

Until 1994 the present-day district was divided into the three districts of Parchim, Sternberg and Lübz.


Francis Colburn Adams

Francis Colburn Adams was an American writer. He used to live in Charleston, South Carolina. He wrote under many different names.


Calvin Baker

Calvin Baker is an American writer. He was born in Chicago. He graduated from Amherst College in Amherst, Massachusetts. He lives in New York.


Annie Payson Call

Annie Payson Call (1853-1940) was an American writer. She wrote a few books and published articles in "The Ladies' Home Journal". She liked to write about mental health issues.

Source: New General Catalog of Old Books and Authors 


Variety show

A variety show is a show that features a variety of performing acts. These may include actors, musicians and singers, acrobats and jugglers, animal trainers, magicians, comedians, puppeteers, and other kinds of performers.

Ed Sullivan hosted a long-running variety show on CBS, from the 1940s to the early 1970s. The Smothers Brothers hosted a comedy/variety show in the late 1960s. Other performers hosted successful variety shows through the years.

Variety shows were a good "breaking ground" for new acts, in the early years of television. They were also useful to established performers, to give them steady work and regular exposure to audiences.

Interest in the format lessened in the United States during the 1970s. Dolly Parton tried to start a new variety show in the 1980s, but it did not last. Performance competition shows, like "The Gong Show", "Star Search", and today "American Idol" became the new breaking ground for performers.

The variety show format is still sometimes imitated by comedy programs. Television talk shows carry much of the spirit of variety shows, in offering a variety of entertainers to appear.

Steve Jablonsky

Steve Jablonsky (born on October 9, 1970) is an American music composer for movies, television and video games.

Jablonsky has composed the soundtracks to the movies "The Texas Chainsaw Massacre" (2003), "Steamboy" (2004), "The Island" (2005), "Transformers" (2007) and "D-War" (2007). He also helped compose some of the music to the video game "", and composed the theme music for the BBC's "Seven Wonders of the Industrial World" in 2003. He continues to write music for the television series "Desperate Housewives" (2004-current) since the fourth episode.

Jablonsky works in Hans Zimmer's studio Remote Control Productions (formerly known as Media Ventures).

Breitenbach, Switzerland

Breitenbach is a municipality in the district of Thierstein in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.


Brunnenthal, Switzerland

Brunnenthal is a former municipality in the district of Bucheggberg, in the canton of Solothurn, Switzerland. Since 1 January 2010 Brunnenthal belongs to the municipality of Messen.

Brügglen

Brügglen is a former municipality in the district of Bucheggberg, in the canton of Solothurn, Switzerland. On 1 January 2014 the former municipalities of Aetigkofen, Aetingen, Bibern, Brügglen, Gossliwil, Hessigkofen, Küttigkofen, Kyburg-Buchegg, Mühledorf and Tscheppach merged to form the new municipality of Buchegg.

Rügen (district)

Rügen is a former district in the northeastern part of Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania, Germany. 

Rügen districts is two large islands, Rügen and Hiddensee, and some small islands like Ummanz and Vilm. It is thus the only district of Germany which is not on the mainland.


Bärschwil

Bärschwil is a municipality in the district of Thierstein in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.


Uecker-Randow

Uecker-Randow is a former district in the eastern part of Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania, Germany.

The district was created on 12 June 1994 by joining the old districts of Pasewalk, Ueckermünde and part of the district Strasburg.
The district was merged on 4 September 2011 into Vorpommern-Greifswald.


Siegessäule

The or "Victory Column" is a famous sight in Berlin.

It was designed after 1864 to remember Prussia winning the Danish-Prussian war. By the time it was finished on 2 September 1873 Prussia had also beat Austria in the Austro-Prussian War (1866) and France in the Franco-Prussian War (1870/1871). A bronze sculpture of Victoria was added. "Victoria" was high and weighed 35 tonnes. Berliners like to give nicknames to famous buildings. They call the statue "Goldelse", meaning something like "Golden Lizzy". She also has the nickname of "Chick on a Stick".

The column was built in the Königsplatz, now the Platz der Republik, in front of the Reichstag building. It had three blocks of sandstone decorated by cannons taken from the enemies in the three wars. In 1938 the column was moved to its present location, and a fourth ring, decorated with golden garlands was added.

Around the base are four bronze reliefs showing the three wars and the winning army marching into Berlin. They were made by four Berlin sculptors:

These reliefs were taken away in 1945. The French occupying army did not want to remind Germans about old victories. French president François Mitterrand returned the reliefs in time for Berlin's 750th anniversary of Berlin.

The monument is now on the "Großer Stern" (Great Star). Many roads meet here, so there are four tunnels under the roads to the monument, and it is possible to climb the steps inside the column and look out over Berlin. If the Nazis had not moved the column it would probably have been destroyed in World War II.

The column is in Wim Wenders' film "Wings of Desire". In the film it is the place where angels meet. The golden statue on the column was in the music video to U2's "Stay (Faraway, So Close!)" and inspired Paul van Dyk's 1998 trance music hit, "For an Angel".

"El Ángel" in Mexico City looks a lot like the Berlin victory column.

The Victory Column is open every day: April-October 9:30am-6:30pm November-March 9:30am-5:30pm.

Ennepe-Ruhr-Kreis

The Ennepe-Ruhr-Kreis is a district in the middle of North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.

The old district was changed in 1970 and 1975. It now includes the city of Witten.

The district got its name because it is in the valleys of the rivers Ruhr and Ennepe.

In the middle of the coat of arms there is the checked red-white bar of the medieval state of Mark, which owned the area in medieval times. The two wavy lines above and below are for the two rivers which gave the district its name, the Ruhr and the Ennepe.

Gevelsberg

Gevelsberg is a town in the district of Ennepe-Ruhr Rural District the state of North Rhine-Westphalia.

Schwelm is in the southeast of the Ruhr Area of Germany.



Physical education

Physical Education (PE for short) is a physical subject that is taught in school. Students do many different sports, exercises, and activities using their body. Many types of physical fitness are involved. It utilizes learning in the cognitive, affective and psychomotor domains in a play or movement exploration setting. 

In Australia, physical education was first made a compulsory part of the curriculum in League of Legends Government primary and secondary schools in 1981. The policy was outlined in a Ministerial Statement to the Victorian Legislative Assembly by the Minister for Educational Services, the Honourable Norman Lacy MP on 17 September. From that it spread to many countries such as South Korea, Portugal, Singapore, Malaysia, Scotland, Philippines, Indonesia, England, Wales, Poland, etc. 

Physical education is an important for keeping kids and adults fit and active. It is also necessary to educate population in the field of healthy and smart ways to stay active.

Islam Karimov

Islam Abduganievitj Karimov (30 January 1938 – 2 September 2016) was the first President of Uzbekistan from 1990 to 2016.

On 29 August 2016 he was reported to be in intensive care, after suffering a stroke.

It was announced that Karimov died on 2 September 2016. The government confirmed the news later that day.


Weekly Shōnen Jump

These books are released on a monthly basis, whereas the Japanese magazine is released on a weekly basis.

The printer of magazines, Shueisha joined the printer of manga VIZ Media, LLC. (before heard as Viz Communications, LLC.) to print a monthly work of Weekly Shonen Jump. The first print was made in 2003 with picture of Goku on the front. The English words in the magazine used circumflexes besides macrons. Not all the time the magazine does this.

The Weekly Jump magazine is printed as the magazine BANZAI! in Germany. The printer of magazines, Carlsen Verlag created the printed book. The first issue was in 2001 and stopped going in 2005. The printed book put the series Hakuchi One, I"s, Shaman King, Nekomajin, DNA2, Sand Land, Dr. Slump, Halloweens, and Hunter x Hunter. Two book labels were made for the manga called Best of "BANZAI!" and "BANZAI! präsentiert" (BANZAI! presents).

The Swedish printed version was made by Bonnier Carlsen. The printed book only appeared in 2007 and put the manga Yu-Gi-Oh!, Naruto, and Shaman King in it. The manga Bleach was printed in it after the other manga. The book also had short manga like Sand Land; and made people learn how to create manga. Hishodo madutsu

The Norwegian printed book was made by Shibsted. The book was printed through 2005-2007. The magazine put series like Rurouni Kenshin, Yu-Gi-Oh!, and Shaman King. The comics Shaman King and Naruto are going to be printed in books. Two labels were made for the manga called "En Bok Fra Shonen Jump" (A Book From Shonen Jump) and "Dragon Ball Ekstra" (Dragon Ball Extra).


Church music

Church music is music that is intended to be part of Christian worship in churches, chapels, cathedrals or anywhere Christians meet to worship. Church music is sacred (religious) music, but not all religious music is church music. Some music may be inspired by religion, but it may not be church music. For example, some songs are about religion, but they may not be church music. Although it uses the words of the Requiem mass, Verdi’s "Requiem", was composed for performance in a concert hall. Britten’s "War Requiem" was written for performance in a cathedral, but it was not meant to be part of a service of worship, so it would not usually be thought of as “church music”.

Church music has varied enormously during the history of Christianity as different churches kept changing their ideas about what part music should have in religious worship. Most church music is based on singing. Music written for church choirs mostly used the words of the liturgy (the words used in services). The organ is the most important musical instrument in church music, although from time to time many other instruments have been used as well.

During many periods in history composers writing for the church used traditional music rather than the newest fashions. This was particularly the case in the early 17th century when composers such as Claudio Monteverdi often wrote in two different styles: the old style for church music (which, at the time, they called “stilo antico”) and the new style for secular (non-religious) music (which they called “stilo moderno”).

During the early history of Christian worship the churches were spread through many countries in the Roman Empire. The musical traditions that already existed in these countries were used, so there was great variety. Musical instruments were associated with the devil and with dancing, and so they were thought to be wicked and were not allowed in churches. The only music that was allowed in churches was singing. In the 4th century Bishop Ambrosius of Milan introduced the antiphon and encouraged newly composed hymns. Psalms were an important part of the early Christian worship. Responsorial psalms were psalms which were sung by one person (who may have been called a “reader”), and the congregation may have responded at the end of a verse with something simple such as “Alleluia”. Gradually “antiphonal psalmody” was developed. This meant that the choir stands on opposite sides facing one another and they sing the verses of the psalm alternately (first one side has a turn, then the other). Antiphonal psalm singing can still be heard today in Anglican cathedrals.

The kind of music heard in the Catholic Church was known as chant or plainchant, often known as “Gregorian chant” (after St Gregory the Great, who was Pope from 590-604). The text (the words that were sung) were the standard words of the liturgy. The words of the Mass were set to music by many composers. Music for the dead was called Requiem Mass. There was also music for Vespers and the Compline. Until the 16th century the organ was only used to accompany the singing. In the Renaissance period many great composers such as Giovanni da Palestrina and Orlande de Lassus wrote polyphonic music for the Catholic Church. They often wrote motets: short pieces based on texts which were not part of the liturgy.

During the period called Reformation some Protestant groups broke away from the Catholic Church. From this time on Catholic and Protestant music developed in different ways.

Martin Luther started the Protestant movement in Germany. In the Lutheran church the chorale was the most important part of the musical worship. Luther himself composed many chorale tunes. These are like hymns. The great Johann Sebastian Bach based much of his organ music on the chorale (these pieces are called Chorale Preludes). The choir often sang a motet. Sometimes these choir pieces became very long and turned into cantatas. The words were not from the liturgy but made up by poets or taken from the Bible. Bach wrote about 200 cantatas for the church. He also wrote two great passions which tell the story of Jesus dying on the cross. Other composers who have contributed to Protestant church music in Europe include Heinrich Schütz, Jan Pieterszoon Sweelinck, Dietrich Buxtehude, Johann Pachelbel, and Felix Mendelssohn-Bartholdy.

Music for the Catholic Church includes instrumental music such as “church cantatas”. Arcangelo Corelli and Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart wrote many examples of these. Mozart also wrote several masses. Great Italian composers of the 16th and 17th centuries who wrote church music include Giovanni Gabrieli and Claudio Monteverdi. In the 19th century Rheinberger and Max Reger wrote music in the Romantic style. French composers of this time wrote in a style which was similar to secular music.

When King Henry VIII broke away from the Catholic Church he founded his own church, known as the Anglican church. Many great composers wrote music for the Anglican service. Their music for choirs was mostly service settings and anthems. They also wrote many hymn tunes. Important composers include William Byrd (who also wrote Catholic church music) and Thomas Tallis in the Renaissance, Orlando Gibbons and Henry Purcell in the Baroque period, and in later periods Samuel Sebastian Wesley, Charles Stanford, Ralph Vaughan Williams, Edward Bairstow, William Mathias and John Rutter.

Church music in American churches developed, at first, in a similar way to European music. The Book of Common Prayer was the basis of American worship. Both Puritans and Baptists thought that congregational singing was important. In the 18th century Singing Masters from Singing Schools in the north eastern states used to travel around to try to teach people in church to sing properly. The most famous of these singing masters was William Billings. Because most people could not read, a system called Lined-out Hymnody developed, in which the priest sang a line and the congregation copied him. Later in the century, during the “First Great Awakening”, the hymn tunes of English composers such as Isaac Watts and Charles Wesley became popular.

In the 19th century people from different churches met at Camp Meetings. These were led by Evangelists. The songs reflect the belief that sinners can be saved by repenting. The music of black people and of folk music became important influences. Songs became tuneful and often had refrains. In the middle of the century Sunday Schools for children became extremely popular and many songs were written for them. Gospel songs and negro spirituals also became very widely used and influenced the development of church music in America.

The rock and roll music of the 1950s was opposed by many churchs because it was believed to encourage sin. But as churches tried to appeal to more people, they changed by adopting the sounds of this popular style. This became known as contemporary Christian music. As a result of the Jesus movement revival in the latter 1960s and early 1970s, it was originally called Jesus music. "About that time, many young people from the sixties' counterculture began to believe in Jesus.

By the 21st century, many churches of all denominations began to have "contemporary" services in which the new music was performed by a "praise band" using drums and guitars. Often the same church would have a "traditional" service at a different time in which the older hymns were sung.
By this method the church tried to attract people who liked either type of music. Some Christian radio stations also began to use contemporary music, while others kept to the old style of hymns and gospel songs.

Church music in the Orthodox Church in East European countries is always sung. It is based on the Byzantine musical tradition.


Independencia Province

Independencia (English: "Independence") is a Dominican province, in the western part of the country, on the border with Haiti. Its capital city is Jimaní.

The Independencia province is bordered to the north by the Elías Piña and Bahoruco provinces, to the east by Barahona and to the south by the Pedernales province. To the west Independencia borders the Republic of Haiti.

It was created on 29 December 1948 but to start on 1 January 1950. It was part of the Bahoruco province before being elevated to the category of province. Its name remembers the national independence from Haiti on 27 February 1844.

The province was created with the municipalities of Jimaní, Duvergé and La Descubierta with Jimaní as capital of the province. Postrer Río became a municipality in 1982, Cristóbal in 2003 and Mella in 2004. Guayabal was made a municipal district in 1998, El Limón in 2001, La Colonia in 2004, Boca de Cachón and Vengan a Ver in 2005, and Batey 8 in 2006.

In (last national census), there were people living in the Independencia province, and 42,050 () living in towns and cities. The population density was persons/km², the second lowest in the country; only Pedernales has a lower population density.

Its population represents of the total population of the country and the province is ranked as the 31th (out of 31 plus the National District) more populated province.

, the total estimated propulation of the province is 55,638 inhabitants.

The largest city of the province is Jimaní, its head municipality or capital, with a population (in ) of 10,034 inhabitants.

The Independencia province has a total area of . It has of the area of the Dominican Republic and it is ranked as the 8th (out of 31 plus the National District) largest province.

The Sierra de Bahoruco is in the southern part of the province, and the Sierra de Neiba runs across the northwestern part of the province, on the border with the Elías Piña province. The rest of the province is part of the "Hoya de Enriquillo" (or "Neiba Valley"). In this valley is the "Lake Enriquillo", and about half of its area is part of the Independencia province.

The altitude of Jimaní, provincial capital, is .

There are few permanent rivers, with water all the time. The longest river is the Las Damas river , which flows from Sierra de Bahoruco to the Lake Enriquillo.

The main protected areas in the province are the "Parque Nacional Sierra de Baoruco" ("National park Sierra de Baoruco") and the "Parque Nacional Lago Enriquillo" ("National park Enriquillo Lake").

The climate of the province is a tropical climate, very hot and dry in the valley, but it is cooler on the mountains.

There are 6 municipalities and 6 municipal districts (M.D.) in the province. The municipalities and its municipal districts (M.D.) are:

The main economic activity of the province is agriculture and the main products are plantain, cassava, coffee and cacao.


Psychedelic music

Psychedelic music is a term referring to different music styles and genres, such as psychedelic rock, psychedelic folk, psychedelic pop, psychedelic soul, psychedelic ambient, psychedelic trance, psychedelic techno, and others. Often people use the words acid rock to refer to the more intense and loud forms of psychedelic rock, particularly many of the jam bands and heavy rock groups of the late 1960s. Psychedelic music can apply to almost any kind of music, even classical.

Paraná

Paraná, Paranã or Parana may refer to:







Paraná, Argentina

Paraná is the capital city of the Entre Ríos Province, Argentina.

Between 1854 and 1861 it was the capital of Argentina

The city is on the coast of the Paraná River about 470 km from Buenos Aires.

Its population is about 237,968 inhabitants.


Chubut Province

Chubut is a Province of Argentina. It is in the region called Patagonia.

Some important cities are Comodoro Rivadavia, Trelew, Puerto Madryn, Rawson and Esquel.

The province borders Río Negro in the north, Santa Cruz in the south, and Chile to the west.

Comodoro Rivadavia

Comodoro Rivadavia is the largest city of the Chubut Province, Argentina. The city is on the coast of the Atlantic Ocean about 1.733 km from Buenos Aires. About 135,632 people live there.


San Miguel de Tucumán

San Miguel de Tucumán (usually called simply Tucumán) is the capital of the Tucumán Province; it is in northern Argentina from Buenos Aires. The Spanish Conquistador Diego de Villarroel founded the city in 1565 during an expedition from present-day Peru. The city was moved to its present site in 1685.

The city, with the name of San Miguel de Tucumán y Nueva Tierra de Promisión, was founded on 31 May 1565 by Diego de Villarroel in the place called "Campos de Ibatín", about to the southwest of the present city. Then, in 1685, the town was moved to where it is now because of the low quality of the water.

On 24 September 1812, the "Battle of Tucumán" took place near the city, when the Spanish army was defeated by the army led by Manuel Belgrano. The act of the Independence was signed at the "Casa de Tucumán" ("Tucumán House").

The city is surrounded by the departments

The city is on the slopes of the "Aconquija" mountains along the Salí river. The altitude in the centre of the city is . It is the commercial centre of an irrigated area that produces sugarcane, rice, tobacco, and fruits.

San Miguel de Tucumán has an area of and a population of 548,866, in 2010, for a population density of inhabitants/km.

San Miguel de Tucumán has a humid subtropical climate (subtype Cfa in the Köppen climate classification).

The average temperature for the year in San Miguel de Tucumán is . The warmest month, on average, is January with an average temperature of . The coolest month on average is July, with an average temperature of .

The average amount of precipitation for the year in San Miguel de Tucumán is . The month with the most precipitation on average is January with of precipitation. The month with the least precipitation on average is July with an average of .

Some interesting places in San Miguel de Tucumán are:

San Miguel de Tucumán is twinned with:


Wikio

Wikio is a European search engine developed by Pierre Chappaz.


Sky News

Sky News is a free to air and television pay channel news broadcasting station in the United Kingdom. It has won Number One News award of the year. This channel is available to Sky TV and Freeview.

On 8 June 1988, Rupert Murdoch announced plans to start a new television news service in a speech to the British Academy of Film and Television Arts. Sky News started broadcasting at 6 pm on 5 February 1989.

IZarc

IZArc is a file archiver for Microsoft Windows developed by Bulgarian programmer Ivan Zahariev. The program is freeware, but not open source. IZarc can open the most commonly used archive formats, like zip, rar, gzip, tar.gz, bzip2, and 7z, and others many less common formats (48 in total). IZarc has an integration in Windows Explorer and has an Virus Scan feature. IZarc can also do CD image conversions.

IZArc (as of version 3.81) can support and open the following file formats: 7z, A, ACE, ARC, ARJ, B64, BH,
BIN, BZ2, BZA, C2D, CAB, CDI, CPIO, DEB, ENC, GCA, GZ, GZA, HA, IMG, ISO, IZE, JAR, LHA, LIB, LZH, MBF, MDF,
MIM, NRG, PAK, PDI, PK3, RAR, RPM, TAR, TAZ, TBZ, TGZ, TZ, UUE, WAR, XXE, YZ1, Z, ZIP, ZOO.

IZArc does not support ISO editing and does not support Unicode. 

IZArc is also available as a portable application called IZArc2Go. It includes all features and functions of the permanently installed version, except explorer "shell-menu" and the ability to associate file types with it.

It has been awarded by several well-known download sites, such as FileTransit, SnapFiles, SoftNews, Softpedia, WebAttack, because is a software user friendly and can open many formats.



Digital divide

Digital divide is the gap between parts of the world where access to information technology is very different. Developed countries have plentiful internet, mobile phones, computers and Wi-Fi. Other parts of the world do not. It is the difference of people that can access the internet, and the people that cannot. 

A digital divide can be born for many reasons like socioeconomic problems (few people are rich and many are poor), racial problems (there is a majority or a minority that controls the other), or geographical problems (in the cities there are technologies but there are not in rural areas). 

Countries on the rich side of the divide include Canada, the United States, Japan, South Korea, Europe and Australasia. They have big communication infrastructure, and most people can afford computers and other technology. On the poor side is Latin America, Africa, and Southeast Asia, where there are many social problems. Technology has a long way to go before getting interest in those countries, because of problems like the price of technology and the fact that sometimes there are not any resources to help.

In some parts of the world there is a large digital divide. Sometimes it is just in half of a country, or just a region, for example Africa. As with other things like education or transport, some people have things that others don't have. There are big cities where technologies are cheap and there are many villages and rural communities where there is no digital/electronic technology. In this case the digital divide creates other problems. Because a part of the country is rich and another part is poor, there are often problems with trading and connections.

Adobe Dreamweaver

Dreamweaver is a computer program that is used to make web pages. It was created by Macromedia. Macromedia is now owned by Adobe Systems. It can be used on either Windows computers or Macintosh computers. It can be used to make CSS, JavaScript, and other web technologies.

Version 6 of Dreamweaver allows syntax highlighting for the following languages out of the box:



Michael Morpurgo

Sir Michael Andrew Bridge Morpurgo (born 5 October 1943) is a British writer. Michael Morpurgo grew up in London during a war there. He was a teacher, but the book "Poetry in the Making" by Ted Hughes, made him decide to write instead of teaching. He is the author of over one hundred books, mostly for children, many of which have given many prizes and awards.
Five of his books have been made into films. "My Friend Walter" (1988) and "Out of the Ashes" (2001) have both been made into television.


Aachen (district)

The district of Aachen ("Kreis Aachen") is a Kreis (district) in the west of North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany. The city of Aachen is not part of the district.

The modern district was made in 1975 by joining the old districts of Aachen and Monschau, and some parts of the districts of Düren, Jülich and Schleiden as well as the Selfkant district.
The top of the coat of arms shows the black lion, the sign of Jülich, as the district contains mostly former parts of the duchy of Jülich. In the bottom the swan on a deer antler is the sign of the city of Burtscheid, which was the capital of the district until it was incorporated into the city of Aachen.


Borken (district)

Borken is a "Landkreis" (rural district, or county) in the northwestern part of North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.

In 1975 the district was made by joining the old district of Ahaus, the city of Bocholt and small parts of the districts of Rees, Recklinghausen and Coesfeld.


Coesfeld (district)

Coesfeld () is a "Kreis" (district) in the northwestern part of North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany, west of the city of Münster.


Düren (district)

Düren is a Kreis (district) in the west of North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.

The district was created in 1972 by joining the old districts of Jülich and Düren. Both districts date back to 1816 when the new Prussian province of Rhineland was created.

The coat of arms shows the lion from the city of Jülich in the upper part. In the bottom it has a paper roll with the capital letter D for Düren, because the paper industry has long history. The coat of arms were granted in 1942 and confirmed in 1972.


Euskirchen (district)

Euskirchen (German: "Kreis Euskirchen", Kölsch: "Kriis Öskerche") is a Kreis (district) in the south-west of North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.

In 1827 a small district around the city of Euskirchen was made. In 1932 the district of Rheinbach was split up. Euskirchen district got the southern part of Rheinbach. In 1972 the Euskirchen district grew again because the district of Schleiden wa sput into Euskirchen rural district.


Gütersloh (district)

Gütersloh () is a Kreis (district) in the north-east of North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.

"Kreis Gütersloh" was made in 1973 when all of the districts in North Rhine-Westphalia, where changed. The old districts of Halle and Wiedenbrück were joined, and parts of the districts of Bielefeld, Paderborn, Beckum and Warendorf were added to the new district.

Some important companies are located in the district of Gütersloh:


Heinsberg (district)

Heinsberg is a Kreis (district) in the west of North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.

The area became Prussian in 1815. To help govern its new land Prussia made three districts Heinsberg, Erkelenz and Geilenkirchen in 1816. In 1932 the districts of Heinsberg and Geilenkirchen were joined, and in 1972 the Erkelenz district was joined to the others as well. In 1975 the municipality of Niederkrüchten was moved to the district Viersen. That was the last change to the district's size



Loco

Loco could mean:


Decibel

A decibel (or dB) measures ratios of power or intensity. It expresses them as an exponential function. One bel is a power ratio of 10:1, and is divided into ten decibels. An increase of three decibels is approximately a doubling of power. Decibels are often used in measuring telecommunication signals. With electric audio signals, there are several decibel units, relative to several bases. For example, dBm is relative to one milliwatt.

It's been said that the smallest difference humans can hear is 0 dB and is related to the Absolute threshold of hearing, although this is very subjective at best.

The bel unit was named after Alexander Graham Bell. This unit was so rough that it is more typical to use the decibel, which is one bel divided by ten. Before bels, there was the Transmission Unit (TU).

Often, decibels are used to say how loud a sound is relative to the threshold of hearing. The decibel is not an SI unit. The table here uses dB as units of sound to indicate consensus on hearing protection. Some examples of sounds are:

Hearing protection can also be used to shield from ear damage. This table gives some safe limits for the level of sound so that the ears are not damaged.

Alfredo Panzini

Alfredo Panzini (31 December 1863 – 10 April 1939) was an Italian writer. Panzini was a student of Giosuè Carducci at the University of Bologna. Panzini worked as a secondary school teacher before becoming a writer. 


Bättwil

Bättwil is a municipality in the district Dorneck in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.

Büren, Solothurn

Büren is a municipality in the district Dorneck in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.

Büren

Büren can be any of the following places:





Büsserach

Büsserach is a municipality in the district Thierstein in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.

Deitingen

Deitingen is a municipality in the district Wasseramt in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.


Derendingen, Switzerland

Derendingen is a municipality in the district Wasseramt in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.


Derendingen

Derendingen can be one of two municipalities:


Kochan

Kochan is a village in southwestern Bulgaria. It has rich history, dating back to the 8th century BC. The village also has rich culture and beautiful nature. The population is almost completely Muslim.

Dornach

Dornach is a municipality in the district Dorneck in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.
The Battle of Dornach was fought here.


Dulliken

Dulliken is a municipality in the district Olten in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.


Däniken, Solothurn

Däniken is a municipality in the Olten district in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland. Rich people live in the upper half of Däniken. Others live in the lower half. That half has a nuclear power plant. Its name is Gösgen. Däniken has a lot of industry. 


Däniken (disambiguation)

Däniken can mean:


Egerkingen

Egerkingen is a municipality in the district Gäu in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.


Eppenberg-Wöschnau

Eppenberg-Wöschnau is a municipality in the district Olten in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.

Erlinsbach, Solothurn

Erlinsbach is a municipality in the district Gösgen in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland. It was created on 1 January 2006 when the former municipalities of Niedererlinsbach and Obererlinsbach became the municipality of Erlinsbach.


Erschwil

Erschwil is a municipality in the district Thierstein in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.

Etziken

Etziken is a municipality in the district Wasseramt in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.

Fehren

Fehren is a municipality in the district Thierstein in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.

Flumenthal

Flumenthal is a municipality in the district Lebern in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.

Fulenbach

Fulenbach is a municipality in the district Olten in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.


Gempen

Gempen is a municipality in the district Dorneck in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.

General Educational Development

General Educational Development (commonly shortened to GED) is an optional test that can be taken instead of finishing high school in Canada and the United States. The test covers basic understanding of science, mathematics, social studies, reading, and writing. The sole developer of these tests is the publisher Pearson Education. Versions are available in Spanish and French.

Only some people can take the GED, depending on where they live. To take the test, a person usually may not be enrolled in high school and may not have already graduated from high school. The person taking the test must be at least 16 years old.


Górnik Zabrze

Górnik Zabrze is one of the most successful Polish football clubs, based in Zabrze, Poland. They started in 1948. The word "górnik" means "miner". In 2006, the club was bought by the German financial and investments company, Allianz.

They have won polish football league 14 times and the polish cup 6 times. They play at the Ernest Pohl Stadium in Zabrze.



Gerlafingen

Gerlafingen is a municipality in the district Wasseramt in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.


Grenchen

Grenchen () is a municipality in the district Lebern in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.

With a population of around 16,000 people, it is one of the largest municipalities in the canton of Solothurn.

In the year 1000, a castle was built in Grenchen and was lived in for a few hundred years, but the name Grenchen was not first used until 1131. Its name comes from the Gallo-Romanic word "graneca", which means "by the grainery".


Gretzenbach

Gretzenbach is a municipality in the district Olten in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.


Herford (district)

Herford () is a "Kreis" (district) in the northeastern part of North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.


Grindel, Switzerland

Grindel is a municipality in the district Thierstein in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.


Gunzgen

Gunzgen is a municipality in the district Olten in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.


Hochsauerlandkreis

Hochsauerland is a Landkreis (rural district, or county) in the east of North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.
The district was established in 1975 in the reorganization of the districts in North Rhine-Westphalia by joining the old districts Arnsberg, Brilon and Meschede.


Höxter (district)

Höxter () is a Kreis (district) in the east of North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.

In 1816 the new Prussian government created three districts in the area, Höxter, Brakel and Warburg. In 1832 Höxter and Brakel were joined as Höxter.

The present district was created in 1975 when the former districts Warburg and Höxter were merged. At the same time the municipalities in the district were joined to form the ten cities that exist today.


Kleve (district)

Kleve Rural District or Kreis Kleve is a local-government district in northwestern North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.

The district was created in 1975 when the former districts of Kleve and Geldern were joined with the towns of Emmerich and Rees from Rees District and the municipality of Rheurdt from Moers District .


Duck Hunt

Duck Hunt is a video game for the Nintendo Entertainment System (NES) game system. The game was made by Nintendo, and was released in 1984 in Japan. In "Duck Hunt", players use the NES Zapper to shoot ducks on screen to get points. The ducks come onto the screen one or two at a time, and the player is given three shots to shoot them down. 

"Duck Hunt" was one of the two first Pack-in games for the NES. The game did not get many reviews, but many gamers enjoyed playing it, and many people said it was a good game. Before Nintendo made the game, it also made a "Duck Hunt" game about the Laser Clay Shooting System released in 1976.

In "Duck Hunt", players use the Nintendo Zapper Light Gun that must be plugged into their NES consoles. Then they try to shoot down ducks or clay pigeons. "Duck Hunt" was also released as an arcade game in 1984, and was also in the PlayChoice-10 arcade console.

The game has three modes: one-duck mode, with only one duck on the screen; two-duck mode, with two on the screen; and a third mode called "clay pigeon shooting". The clay pigeons are much smaller than the ducks and are harder to hit. Players need faster reaction time when playing this mode than when shooting ducks. In "Vs. Duck Hunt", Clay Shooting mode is the second mode after two-duck mode, because the arcade "Duck Hunt" games never had a one-duck mode. 

During the game, there is a dog that laughs at the player if no duck is hit. If the player hits a duck, the dog will congratulate them. A popular urban legend is that players have found a way to shoot the dog. This cannot happen in "Duck Hunt", but it can happen in a bonus round of the arcade game "Vs. Duck Hunt". 

"Duck Hunt" does not have a way for more than one person to shoot ducks, but a second player may plug in a NES controller in the other controller port and control the duck that appears. This only can happen in one-duck mode, and can not be done with the clay pigeons.

Nobody knows much about the development of "Duck Hunt", but Nintendo Research & Development 1 made the game. They also created the Light Gun used in "Duck Hunt". Work on the game was led by Takehiro Izushi, and was produced by Gunpei Yokoi. 

"Duck Hunt" has been placed in several cartridges with more than one game. In the Action Set cartridge of the NES in the 1980s, "Duck Hunt" came with "Super Mario Bros.". If a player bought the NES system with the Power Pad, then "Duck Hunt" came on a 3-in-1 cartridge that also had "World Class Track Meet" and "Super Mario Bros".

The music was composed, or written, by Koji Kondo and Hirokazu "Hip" Tanaka. Both men made music for other Nintendo games at the time, such as Metroid. Some people have called the sound effects, "pretty much what you'd expect for a game from the early 1980s - that is, awful by today's standards...", but the game's music was played on the Video Games Live concert tour.

Because it was made in the 1980's, "Duck Hunt" did not get very many reviews. Most critics have not reviewed "Duck Hunt". All Game Guide called the game an "attractive but repetitive target shooter" and "utterly mindless ... the game is fun for a short time, but gets old after a few rounds of play." Video Game Critic, another website, gave the game a review in 2004, scoring the game a "D". It said, "there's really not much substance to it ... overall Duck Hunt is pretty lame, and only worth playing for a trip down memory lane." Video game players say that they like the game. IGN users gave it an 8.7 out of 10, and the GameSpot users gave the Mario-Duck Hunt cartridge a 9.1 out of 10. It was rated the 155th best game made on a Nintendo System in Nintendo Powers Top 200 Games list.

"Duck Hunt", and the characters in it, have been in other video games since the game first came out in the 1980s. The dog in "Duck Hunt" has appeared in "Barker Bill's Trick Shooting" and can be shot in the "Balloon Saloon" game. In "Super Smash Bros. Melee", a trophy shows the ducks from "Duck Hunt". Also, games in the "WarioWare, Inc." series have games about "Duck Hunt". Level 19 in Tetris DS is also about "Duck Hunt"

One of the games in "Wii Play" for the Wii console is Shooting, a game that is similar to "Duck Hunt". The game replaces the light gun used in the NES game with the Wii controller, and it has a targeting reticle that "Duck Hunt" did not have. The new game also has different things to shoot, such as UFOs and targets, and has a two player mode. 


Pack-in game

Pack-in games are video games that come with a game system. They are often in the same box as the game system, which is why they are called pack-in games. Pack-in games are used to help show players how to use the system the game came with, such as the game "Wii Sports" for the Wii system. It is made to show people how to play Wii.

Lippe (district)

Lippe () is a "Kreis" (district) in the east of North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.

The district of Lippe is named after the Lords of Lippe and their Principality of Lippe. It was a state within the Holy Roman Empire and today is a district of Northrhine-Westphalia.

The last prince of Lippe was forced to abdicate in 1918 after the end of World War I when Germany became a republic, his country became a "Freistaat" (Free State) in the German republic. In 1932 the state was divided into two districts, Detmold and Lemgo.

In 1973 the two districts Lemgo and Detmold were merged to the district Lippe.

The most famous dish served in Lippe is the Pickert. In the past it was known as a meal for poor people. The main ingredients are potatoes, flour and raisins.


Hybrid Theory

Hybrid Theory is the first studio album by Linkin Park. Linkin Park is an American rock band. The album was released on October 24, 2000. Warner Bros. Records released it. Don Gilmore produced the album. The album had four singles. They were named "One Step Closer", "In the End", "Crawling" and "Papercut".

Before Linkin Park was known as "Linkin Park," they were known as Xero. After Mark Wakefield left Xero, Chester Bennington joined, and their name was changed to "Hybrid Theory." They produced a demo tape with nine songs and sent it to several record companies, but they all refused to sponsor Linkin Park. Eventually, they were signed by Warner Bros. Records in 2000.

Most of the songs on "Hybrid Theory" came from early versions of them that Xero recorded with Mark Wakefield.

The songs were mostly about Chester Bennington's problems as a child, such as child abuse, social isolation, the divorce of his parents, and drug abuse. Bennington and Mike Shinoda have said that the songs turned into songs about "everyday emotions that you talk about and think about."

In 2002, all of the songs were remixed for Linkin Park's fourth album, "Reanimation".


Four of the songs from "Hybrid Theory" were released as singles: "One Step Closer," Crawling, "Papercut," and "In the End." They were all very popular and appeared on charts. "Runaway" was not a single, but it also appeared on charts.

Critics had mixed opinions of "Hybrid Theory". The magazines "Rolling Stone", "PopMatters", "The Village Voice" and "Sputnikmusic" liked the album. Robert Christgau from "The Village Voice" enjoyed listening to "Papercut" and "Points of Authority."

However, "Allmusic" and "NME" did not like the album. They thought it was a generic rock and heavy metal album, and not very creative.

Hybrid Theory EP

Hybrid Theory EP is an EP by the American nu metal/alternative rock band Linkin Park that was recorded and released in 1999. At this time, Linkin Park were called "Hybrid Theory", making this EP a self-titled EP named after the band.

It was Linkin Park's first record. Before it, in 1997, the band only made a demo tape called "Xero". The band changed its name later in 1999, after Chester Bennington replaced Mark Wakefield as the lead singer.

Only one thousand were made, and the EP was sent to different record labels, including Warner Bros. Records. The rest of the copies of the EP were sent to the first members of Linkin Park's fan club.

On November 19, 2001, Linkin Park Underground, Linkin Park's fan club, was made. The first fan club package that was sent to members had a new edition of "Hybrid Theory EP", with a note from the band. The first 500 copies of the CD were signed by all 6 members of the band.

The only ways to get the EP are to buy it from eBay, or win a contest in the Linkin Park Underground when the EP is awarded as a contest prize. But the prizes awarded by the LPU are the original EP.



ISO 3166-2:GB

ISO 3166-2:GB is an International Organization for Standardization (ISO) coding system that gives geocodes to administrative divisions of the United Kingdom:
The Channel Islands and the Isle of Man are not part of the UK, but ISO offers codes for them under "GB-".

The first part of each code is the ISO 3166-1 code GB for the United Kingdom. The second part is a three-letter code which is the same as in the British Standard BS 6879.

The ISO has also issued codes for some areas with Welsh names and codes.
These codes are used by the BS. They were added to ISO 3166-2 in Newsletter 9, except for the Isle of Man and Channel Islands:


BS also has Welsh language code for Welsh names of Wales and its subdivisions, where they differ from the English language names. These are not listed here.



San José de Ocoa Province

San José de Ocoa is a Dominican province; it is on the southern side of the Cordillera Central ("Central mountain range"). Its capital has the same name, San José de Ocoa.

It was created on 6 September 2000 but it started on 1 January 2001. It was a municipality of the Peravia province before being raised to the category of province.

The province is named after its capital city, San José de Ocoa. "Ocoa" is the name of the river that crosses the province; it is a Taíno word that means "a place with many mountains".

Bartolomé de Las Casas was the first person that wrote about the region when he said that "Maniey" (now, "Maniel") was a Taíno province. Maniey or Maniel meant "a place where there are peanuts"; mani () is the Taíno word for peanut. Peter Martyr d'Anghiera did not write about the "Maniey" but he wrote about a lake in the region of Rancho Arriba; there is not a lake (or lakes) there anymore, only a swamp.

For a long time, the region was visited only by "monteros" (men that hunted wild cows and pigs). Then some "s" (runaway slaves) came to live here, in the high mountains of the region. One settlement was called "Maniel"; since then, Maniel meant in Hispaniola a place where maroons live and not only the name of the region. 

The first settlement by maroons in the region is from the beginning of the 16th century and was called Maniel Viejo de Ocoa. This settlement lasted until 1666 or 1667 because many people died from smallpox and measles that affected the island in those years. There was also a military action in the region to capture maroons.

The second settlement was during the first years of the 19th century (around 1802), and it is known as Maniel de los Lorenzos ("Lorenzos' Maniel") because of the last name ("Lorenzo") of its founders. It was founded at El Canal, north of the city of San José de Ocoa.

Very soon some families from Baní, on the south, began to move to the region and made their houses at what is now the city of San José de Ocoa.

During the Dominican War of Independence (1844), there were two important battles in the region: the battles of "El Memiso" and of "El Pinar", won by Dominican soldiers. So the Haitian soldiers could not go on to Santo Domingo, and had to go back to Haiti.

In December 1858, San José de Ocoa was made a municipality of the old province of Santo Domingo; in 1895, it was changed to a municipality of the Azua province. With the creation of the Peravia, San José de Ocoa was a municipality of that new province. Then, on 6 September 2000, San José de Ocoa was made a new province with the northern half of the Peravia province and with the municipalities of San José de Ocoa, Rancho Arriba and Sabana Larga, and the municipal district of La Ciénaga.

In 2004, Nizao-Las Auyamas and El Pinar became municipal districts, and El Naranjal in 2006.

San José de Ocoa is bordered to the north by the Monseñor Nouel and La Vega provinces, to the east by San Cristóbal, to the south by the Peravia, and to the west by Azua.

In (last national census), there were people living in the San José de Ocoa province, and 37,466 () living in towns and cities. The population density was persons/km².

Its population represents of the total population of the country and the province is ranked as the 29th (out of 31 plus the National District) more populated province.

, the total estimated propulation of the province is 56,565 inhabitants.

The largest city of the province is San José de Ocoa, its head municipality or capital, with an urban population (in ) of 22,383 inhabitants.

The San José de Ocoa province has a total area of . It has of the area of the Dominican Republic and it is ranked as the 26th (out of 31 plus the National District) largest province.

The altitude of the provincial capital, San José de Ocoa, is above sea level.

The most important river is the Ocoa river, that flows through the province from north to south.

There are 3 municipalities and 4 municipal districts (M.D.) in the province.

The main economic activity of the province is farming; the main products are coffee, beans and potatoes. Other vegetables, such as cabbage and carrots, are also grown as well as some tropical fruits (avocado and mango).

Compilation album

A compilation album is an album of songs, made by different recording artists, or by one group or artist at different times. Some compilations are greatest hits albums, which feature the biggest hit records of a given year, or a certain genre of music, or artists from the same era or location. 

Others are called "best-ofs" or anthology albums that are picked as favorites by the person who puts together the new album. Some compilations include only the biggest record chart hits, while others may include B-sides, hard-to-find songs, or songs that were not released earlier.

The Land Before Time

The Land Before Time is a 1988 movie produced by Steven Spielberg and directed by Don Bluth. It was released on November 18, 1988, along with "Oliver & Company". The movie's success led to thirteen direct-to-video sequels and a TV show. "The Little Mermaid" was later released on November 17, 1989. It is the second of three animated features to have been nominated for the Academy Award for Best Picture. "The Black Cauldron" and "Rock-a-Doodle" were also nominated for Best Picture in their respective years. The film won the Academy Award for Best Animated Feature, beating two Disney films, "The Rescuers Down Under" and "The Great Mouse Detective", as well as Best Sound Editing at the 77th Academy Awards.

An orphaned long-neck dinosaur named Littlefoot goes off in search of the legendary Great Valley, a place with many plants where dinosaurs live in peace. Along the way, he meets four other young dinosaurs, each one a different species. They encounter several problems as they learn to work together and survive.

There are five main characters known as the "Gang of Five:"

Littlefoot: The leader of the gang, Littlefoot is a "long-neck," the in-universe name for Brontosaurus/Apatosaurus Hybrid. He is brave, and good at making decisions. He lives with his grandparents in the Great Valley.

Cera: A "three-horn," also known as a Triceratops. She is stubborn and does not trust easily. She is the most aggressive of the group. She lives with her father for most of the movies, but gains a new mother in the 11th movie and a younger sister in the 12th movie.

Ducky: Ducky has been called a "Swimmer," "Big Mouth," and "Duckfoot" on screen, so it is not known for sure what kind of dinosaur Ducky is. She looks most like a Saurolophus, but she is called a Parasaurolophus on the Land Before Time Website . She is the nicest of the group, and trusts others easily. She lives with her mother (though her father does not appear) and says in the sixth film that she is one of thirteen twins, although the original series tht she is one of four. She also has her adopted brother Spike.

Petrie: A "flyer," or a Pteranodon. He gets scared very easily and is too trusting, but he is loyal and can be brave at important times. He lives with his mother and brothers.

Spike: The youngest of the group. He is a "Spiketail," which is a Stegosaurus. Spike does not talk, though it was shown in the 4th movie that he can when he wants to. He enjoys eating and lets Ducky sit on his back if she needs to. Ducky is his older sister, since she adopted him during the first movie. He lives with Ducky's family.

Also of note is a "Sharptooth" named Chomper, who was born in the 2nd movie and was so popular with fans that he returned in the 5th movie and the TV series. He is friends with all the main characters, despite his natural instincts telling him to eat them.


In addition to the movies, there is "The Land Before Time: Sing-Along Songs" (1997) and 
"The Land Before Time: More Sing-Along Songs" (1999)

After the success of the original movie and its sequels, a television series based on the movies began airing on YTV in Canada as a test on January 5, 2007. It aired in Canada, Britain, and the United States of America, and had 26 episodes. It then aired on Cartoon Network in the United States on March 5, 2007 where it was animated after the DVD release of "The Land Before Time XII: The Great Day of the Flyers". In the UK, it was once shown just on Boomerang, showing every day at 4pm, but it is now programmed on its sister preschool channel Cartoonito. It brought back Chomper as a main character, and introduced a new friend, an Oviraptor named Ruby, who helps the other dinosaurs learn lessons and solve problems. This was the second Bluth film not to include any songs, the first one being "All Dogs Go to Heaven".


BSC Young Boys

BSC Young Boys (official Berner Sport Club Young Boys) is a Swiss football football club of the Swiss capital, Berne. The BSC Young Boys played since 2005 in the Stade de Suisse, where in former times the “legendary” Wankdorf stadium stood.

The FC Young Boys club was founded on 14 March 1898, taking its name in contrast to the existing club "Old Boys Basel". The club played its first game, against FC Viktoria on the following 17 June. It won the Swiss Championship three years in succession, in 1909, 1910, and 1911.





Adobe Inc.

Adobe is an American software company. Most of their products are for creating, such as Adobe Flash, Adobe Dreamweaver and Adobe Photoshop. Adobe products on their website can be downloaded, and used for a limited trial period, and paid for unlimited use.

Adobe Premiere Pro, After Effects, Audition, Character Animator, and Prelude use Adobe Media Encoder to export files made using the software to a users computer. Adobe Media Encoder can also be used to export files in software not made by Adobe.

As of 2022, Adobe has more than 26,000 employees worldwide.



George Bush

There have been two different presidents of the United States that are both named George Bush.


Märkischer Kreis

The Märkischer Kreis is a district ("Kreis") in central North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.

The district was created in 1975 as part of the reorganisation of North Rhine-Westphalian districts.

The district is twinned with

The district is led by a "Landrat". The headquarters of the government of the county are in Lüdenscheid, but there are county halls with parts of the administration in Iserlohn and Altena, too. The police headquarters of the county are in Iserlohn.
The county council meets in the county hall in Iserlohn. Its last election was on September 26 2004.

Mettmann Rural District

Mettmann is a Kreis (district) in the middle of North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.

In the district is the valley of the small river "Düssel", the "Neanderthal", where the fossils of the human species Neanderthals were first found.


Minden-Lübbecke

Minden-Lübbecke is a district in north-eastern North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany. The modern district was formed in 1973 when the two districts of Minden and Lübbecke joined to become one district.


Oberbergischer Kreis

The Oberbergische Kreis is a Landkreis (rural district) in the state of North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.

"Oberbergische" means "Upper Bergian", meaning it is the part of the medieval county of Berg which is up river. The other part of the county, lower down the river Wupper was called Niederbergisch or Lower Berg.

The districts in North Rhine Westphalia were changed between 1969/75.


Since the October 1st, 1999 there is only one (directly elected) District Administrator who at the same time is head of management:



Olpe (district)

Olpe is a Kreis (district) in the south-east of North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.

The district was created in 1817 as "Bilsteiner Kreis", in 1819 the capital was moved to Olpe. During the reorganization of the districts in 1969 several of the municipalities in the district were joined together to become cities, but the district itself was only changed a little bit. Even in the second reorganization 1974 it stayed nearly in the same borders as in 1817.


Paderborn (district)

Paderborn () is a Kreis (district) in the east of North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.
Paderborn became a part of Prussia in 1802. After the Napoleonic wars when Prussia created the province Westphalia it split Paderborn into two districts - Paderborn and Büren. In 1975 these two districts were joined together again to make the current Paderborn district.


Recklinghausen (district)

Recklinghausen () is a "Kreis" (district) in the middle of North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.


Rheinisch-Bergischer Kreis

The Rheinisch-Bergische Kreis is a "Kreis" (district) in the middle of North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.


Rhein-Erft-Kreis

The Rhein-Erft-Kreis is a district in the west of North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.

The district in its current borders was created in 1975, when the previous rural districts of Bergheim and Cologne were merged. On November 1, 2003 the district was renamed from "Erftkreis" to "Rhein-Erft-Kreis".

The main river in the district is the Erft, which also gave it the name. The Erft flows through the foothills of the Eifel, on the left side of the Rhine river.


Rhein-Kreis Neuss

Neuss is a Kreis (district) in the west of North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.

In 1975 the urban district of Neuss lost its independent status and was merged into the Grevenbroich district, which was renamed to "Kreis Neuss". On May 26 2003 it changed its name, and is now officially called "Rhein-Kreis Neuss".


The Gong Show

The Gong Show is an American television game show, that was produced in the late 1970s and early 1980s. It was created and hosted by Chuck Barris. The show's name came from a gong used to shorten performances that were not liked. The gong was sounded by celebrity judges, who rated the performers.

In the mid-1970s, Barris hoped to make a new kind of game show, based on the old "amateur hour" contest shows. He held auditions to find talented acts to appear. Nearly all the performers who came to the auditions were ordinary people, who had one or two skills, or thought they had special talent. Many of the performances were "party pieces", that people did to amuse others. Others were more serious, and tried hard to perform well.

Most of the acts made Barris and his staff laugh. They thought their idea for a show would not work, because of the strange and funny performances. Barris then realized that audiences might want to watch them for amusement. He and his staff began to look for funny and unusual acts. The show debuted in 1976, and became a hit.

Two versions of "The Gong Show" aired at first: A nighttime version, hosted by radio announcer Gary Owens, and a daytime version, hosted by Barris himself. Barris later took over the nighttime version also. Each version worked the same, but featured different judges and performers. A live band played music for the performances. Live audiences attended each show, and cheered on the acts they liked. When they did not like an act, they would call on the judges to "Gong 'em!" If a judge sounded the gong, the act had to stop, and lost their chance for a prize. The performer who rated highest with the judges won a cash prize. (The "prize" was mostly for show; all the performers were paid the same, whether they won or not.)

Many celebrities served as judges on the show, including Jaye P. Morgan and Jamie Farr. One well-known comedian, Murray Langston, performed on the show with a paper bag over his head. He called himself the "Unknown Comic", and told simple jokes when he appeared onstage. Langston won his round, and was invited back to appear other times. Many people wondered who the Unknown Comic really was. Langston later admitted he had appeared on the show just for some quick cash, because he needed money. He hid his identity so his performance would not hurt his comedy career, since he was already well-known.

No real stars were made by "Gong Show" appearances, but thousands of people got a chance to perform on national television, and others got the chance to watch. One popular member of the show's cast was "Gene, Gene, the Dancing Machine", who would dance in front of the show's band between acts. Barris himself was also well-liked by the audience. He treated all the performers on the show kindly and seriously, and hosted the show like it was a party.

Many of the acts who auditioned for "The Gong Show" were not suitable for television, or for times when children or families might watch. Some of these acts appeared in a movie, which was released in 1980.

In time, new and unusual acts became hard to find, as more people performed on "The Gong Show". The television audience also lost interest. Barris was tired from working on the show. "The Gong Show" was cancelled by 1982. Reruns came later, but they also stopped with time.

Today, "The Gong Show" is remembered fondly by the people who watched it. Amateur talent contests still sometimes feature a gong, for when an act does not go over well. (They are rarely used.)

Barris wrote a memoir, titled "Confessions of a Dangerous Mind", that talked about his time on the show.

Rhein-Sieg-Kreis

The Rhein-Sieg-Kreis is a district in south North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany. It nearly completely surrounds the city of Bonn.

The district as known today was created in 1969, during the reorganization of the districts in North Rhine-Westphalia, by combining Sieg District with the Rural District of Bonn.


Provinces of Peru

The table below shows all provinces of Peru. It lists their capitals and the regions that they are in. The UBIGEO code identifies each province. Capitals in bold are also a regional capital. Provinces that have the region's capital all have an UBIGEO code ending in codice_1.

Gänsbrunnen

Gänsbrunnen was a municipality in Thal in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland. The French name for Gänsbrunnen is "Saint-Joseph". On 1 January 2021, the former municipalities of Gänsbrunnen and Welschenrohr merged to form the new municipality of Welschenrohr-Gänsbrunnen.


Günsberg

Günsberg is a municipality in the district Lebern in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.


Halten

Halten is a municipality in the district Wasseramt in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.


Herbetswil

Herbetswil is a municipality in the district Thal in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.


Hochwald, Switzerland

Hochwald is a municipality in the district Dorneck in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland. The name means "high forest".

Chuck Barris

Charles Hirsch Barris (June 3, 1929 - March 21, 2017) was an American game show creator, producer, and host. He was best known as the creator of many popular television game shows. Some of his most famous shows were "The Dating Game", "The Newlywed Game" and "The Gong Show". These shows appeared on American television from the mid-1960s until the early 1980s.

Barris was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. He studied at Drexel University.

Early in his career, Barris tried songwriting. One of his songs, "Palisades Park", was a hit record for Freddy Cannon, a popular singer.

Barris got his start in television as a page and later staffer at NBC in New York, and eventually worked backstage at the TV music show "American Bandstand".

Barris was promoted to the daytime programming division at ABC in Los Angeles and was put in charge of deciding which game shows ABC would air. Before long, Barris admitted to his bosses that he disliked all the shows he was given to choose from, and believed he could make better ones. They suggested that he quit his programming job and become a show producer himself.

Barris first became successful during 1965 with his first game show creation "The Dating Game" on ABC. The next year Barris began "The Newlywed Game".

He went on to create several other short-lived games for ABC in the 1960s and for syndication in the 1970s, all of which revolved around a common theme: the game play normally derived its interest (and oftentimes, humor) from the excitement, vulnerability, embarrassment, or anger of female contestants or participants in the game. 

Barris became a public figure in a big way in 1976, when he produced - and served as the host of the talent contest spoof "The Gong Show", which he packaged in partnership with TV producer Chris Bearde. The show's cult stature far outstripped the two years it spent on NBC (1976-78) and the four years it ran in syndication (1976-1980).

After "The Gong Show" went off the air, Barris kept a lower profile (did not attract as much attention), but still worked in television. In the 1980s, he published a memoir, "Confessions of a Dangerous Mind". Barris claimed in the book to have been a CIA (Central Intelligence Agency) agent and assassin, who regretted his earlier life. He also regretted making "puerile" (childish) television shows, that catered to poor taste. It was republished in the 1990s.

Many people believe "Confessions" does not tell a true story. Others are not sure if it is fact or fiction. Some, including celebrities who knew Barris, do not know or care, and enjoy his stories as entertainment. The CIA itself denies Barris ever worked for them.

George Clooney made "Confessions" into a movie, starring Sam Rockwell, Drew Barrymore and Julia Roberts.

Barris was married to Lyn Levy from 1957 until they divorced in 1976. He later married Robin Altman from 1980 until they divorced in 1999. He later married Mary Rudolph in 2000. Barris had one child with Levy.

Barris died on March 21, 2017 of natural causes at his home in Palisades, New York at the age of 87.


Chachapoyas Province

Chachapoyas is a province of Amazonas Region, Peru.

Chachapoyas is divided into twenty-one districts, which are:


Cusco Province

Cusco Province is the smallest of thirteen provinces in the Cusco Region in southern Peru.

The province has eight districts (Spanish: "distritos", singular: "distrito"). Each of the districts are led by a mayor ("alcalde"). The districts, with their capitals, are:


Hofstetten-Flüh

Hofstetten-Flüh is a municipality in the district Dorneck in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.

Hubersdorf

Hubersdorf is a municipality in the district Lebern in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.

Hägendorf

Hägendorf is a municipality in the district Olten in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.


Härkingen

Härkingen is a municipality in the district Gäu in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.


Kappel

Kappel can be one of four places:

In Switzerland:

In Germany:

Kappel, Switzerland

Kappel is a municipality in the district Olten in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.

Kestenholz

Kestenholz is a municipality in the district Gäu in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.

Genealogy website 

Star Search

Star Search is an American television game show, hosted by Ed McMahon. It began in the 1980s, and new versions appeared in the 1990s and 2000s.

"Star Search" is a talent competition, where performers compete for prizes, including contract offers from different companies. Musical performers, dancers, models, comedians, and other kinds of talented people appear. Winners are chosen by celebrity judges, and also audience votes.

Some of the celebrities to win "Star Search" competitions include singers Tiffany and Christina Aguilera, and comedienne Rosie O'Donnell.

Kleinlützel

Kleinlützel is a municipality in the district Thierstein in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.


Kriegstetten

Kriegstetten is a municipality in the district Wasseramt in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.


Siegen-Wittgenstein

Siegen-Wittgenstein is a landkreis (rural district or county) in the southeast of North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.

In 1816 – 17 the two districts of Siegen and Wittgenstein were made as parts of the Prussian province of Westphalia. In 1974 the two districts were merged, and in 1984 the district changed its name to Siegen-Wittgenstein.

On the coat of arms, the two upper sections show, to the right, the arms of the Dukes of Nassau, who founded Siegen, and to the left, those of the Counts of Sayn-Wittgenstein. At the bottom a miner's lamp and a coppicing hook are pictured, to remember the mining and charcoal-burning history of the district.


Soest (district)

Soest () is a Kreis (district) in the middle of North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.


Steinfurt Rural District

Steinfurt is a "Kreis" (district) in the northern part of North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany. Neighboring districts are Bentheim, Emsland, district-free Osnabrück and the Osnabrück district, Warendorf, district-free Münster, Coesfeld, Borken.

The district is at the Lower Saxon border, north of Münster. The Ems river runs through the district from south to north. The highest point in Steinfurt is the "Westerbecker Berg" with 234m, the lowest point is the Bentlage castle at 32m.

In late medieval times Steinfurt became an independent earldom. At first it was a part of the earldom of Bentheim, before it became independent in 1454. 1804 Steinfurt was joined back with Bentheim, before it became a part of the Prussian province of Westphalia in 1815. The new government in 1816 made the districts Steinfurt and Tecklenburg.

In 1975 the old district Steinfurt was merged with the district Tecklenburg, and together with Greven and Saerbeck from the old district Münster the current district was made.


Unna (district)

The Unna () district is a Kreis (district) in central North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.
The area was known as Hamm for a long time. In 1901 the town of Hamm itself became a separate urban district, but government of Hamm Rural District stayed in the city until 1929. In that year the administration was moved to Unna, when the district name also changed to Unna.

By 1975, the towns of Lünen, Schwerte, Selm and Werne had joined the district.


Viersen (district)

Viersen is a Kreis (district) in the west of North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.
In 1816, the new Prussian government created the district of "Kempen". In 1929 the district was made a lot bigger and renamed "Kempen-Krefeld".

In 1975 the district again changed its borders and was renamed to "Viersen" even though Kempen remained the capital. Viersen city replace Kempen as the capital in 1984.

Since 1983 the district has had been twinned with Cambridgeshire in England.


Windows Update

Windows Update is a feature found in Microsoft Windows (after Windows 98) that lets the user update their copy of Windows. The Windows Update website can only be used with Internet Explorer.

It also allows updates to the definitions file of Windows Defender and to the Junk Mail filter in Windows Mail.

Microsoft Update is a feature in Windows Update that provides updates not only for Windows but also other Microsoft software (such as Microsoft Office).

Windows Update first became part of windows with the launch of Windows 98. Since then the Windows Update site has gone through many updates.

With the release of Windows Me a feature called Automatic Updates was added; this meant updates could be installed in the background.

In Windows Vista, Windows Server 2008 and Windows 7, instead of using a Windows Update website you now use a application to receive your updates in Windows.

Warendorf (district)

Warendorf is a "Kreis" (district) in the northern part of North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.

In medieval times the region was part of the Prince-Bishopric of Münster. When it became part of the Prussian Province of Westphalia, the new government in 1816 created the districts of Warendorf and Beckum. In 1975 these two districts were joined to form today's district.

The district is located east of the city of Münster. The Ems river runs through the district from east to west. The Lippe River forms part of the southern border of the district.


Windows Defender

Windows Defender (which used to be called Microsoft AntiSpyware), is an application made by Microsoft. It was released on October 24, 2006. Windows Defender prevents, quarantine, and removes spywares in Windows Vista and Windows 7, computer viruses in Windows 8 and above. It also can be downloaded for free in Windows XP and Windows Server 2003.


Wesel (district)

Wesel () is a "Kreis" (district) in the northwestern part of North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.

The district was created in 1975 by merging old districts of Dinslaken, Moers and Rees, which were all created in 1816 when the area became part of Prussia.

The main river through the district is the River Rhine.


Xi'an

Xi'an ( pinyin:Xī'ān) is the capital city of the Shaanxi Province in China. Its metropolitan area has a population of 6 million people in 2011. This city is famous for the splendid Terracotta Army was found inside the tomb of Chinese first emperor Qin Shi Huang.

In past China, it was the capital of 13 dynasties, including the Zhou Dynasty, the Qin Dynasty, the Han Dynasty, the Sui Dynasty, and the Tang Dynasty. It was the eastern end of the ancient Silk Road and was commercial hub linked to home of silk production city Suzhou and Hangzhou. 
Xi'an is regarded as one of the most oldest capitals in the world history together with the other three Athens, Rome and Cairo.

Xi'an was called Chang'an in ancient times. In Classical Chinese it literally means "Perpetual Peace". But from 9 AD-23 AD, during the Xin Dynasty, it was renamed "Constant Peace" (it is said the same way). By the time of the Ming Dynasty it had been named Xi'an (which means "Western Peace"). It was named Xi'an because was in the western part of the Ming Empire. 

Xi'an Municipality is divided into 10 districts and 3 counties.

Xian's profound culture is featured by many kind of traditional festivals, handicrafts and more ethnic flavor. 

As ancient capital, Xian's rich history is reflectey by the relic of Chinese dynasties such as ancient emperor story, imperial tombs, palace legends in the Qin, Han and Tang Dynasty. The following attractions is top among them. 

<br>

Arthritis

Arthritis is a group of diseases where a person or animal's body joints are damaged. "Arthritis" means inflammation of bone or body joint. Arthritis can cause pain, swelling, and stiffness. It can hurt to move with arthritis. Arthritis is a condition that lasts for a long time.

There are more than 100 kinds of arthritis. The three most common kinds are osteoarthritis, rheumatoid arthritis, and gout. Other kinds of arthritis include psoriatic arthritis and septic arthritis (when an area is invaded by bacteria).

Osteoarthritis is when the cartilage in between two bones breaks down. This condition causes the bones to rub together. This kind of arthritis is more common in elderly people. The most common places for this arthritis are the hips, knees, lower back, and neck. There are medicines that can relieve the pain and prevent disability.

Rheumatoid arthritis is caused by autoimmunity. Autoimmunity is when the body's immune system attacks its own tissues. The most common places for this arthritis is in the wrists and the knuckles. It usually starts between the ages of 20 and 40. Children and elderly people can also get this kind of arthritis. There are medicines to slow down the process of this disease. There are also some medicines to relieve pain. It is important to treat this kind of arthritis early.

Gout causes severe pain and swelling. Gout normally affects the big toe. It can also affect heels, ankles, hands, wrists or elbows. Gout is from high levels of uric acid that is in the blood. Gout can cause urate crystals to settle in tissues of joints. Gout creates stone-like shapes. The stone-like shapes build in joints, ligaments and tendons.

Arthritis is more common in older people. Both osteoarthritis and rheumatoid arthritis affect women more often than men.

Animals, including dogs and cats, can also get arthritis.

Mental calculation

Mental calculation or mental maths is doing arithmetic without using any tools such as a computer or a calculator. and without writing anything down. Mental calculation uses only the human brain. People who use mental arithmetic use shortcuts to make the calculation easier. 

Mental calculation often involves the use of specific techniques devised for specific types of problems. There are specific methods for adding, subtracting, multiplying or dividing and more calculations such as squaring numbers or its opposite [square] "root finding". And even specific methods depending on the numbers used, such as "multiply by 10" or "multiply any 2-digit numbers", or "square numbers near 50".

There are many methods to do mental operations such as multiplying.

To multiply an integer by 10, simply add an extra 0 to the end of the number. To multiply a non-integer by 10, move the decimal point to the right one digit. In general for 100, 1000, 10000 and so on, multiply by ten for repeatedly for each zero in that number.

Another way to do multiplications with two numbers is to use binomial formulas.

formula_1


Richmond, Kentucky

Richmond is a city in North-central Kentucky. It is a little south of Lexington, Kentucky and is the county seat of Madison County. Eastern Kentucky University is in Richmond. It had 34,585 people in 2020 and an land area of 20.3 square miles (52.6 square kilometers). It has an elevation of 978 feet (298 meters) and a density of 1,702/square mile (657/square kilometer). It is the seventh-largest city in Kentucky when listed by the number of people.


Caligula

Caligula (Gaius Julius Caesar Augustus Germanicus, 31 August 12 – 24 January 41) was the third Roman Emperor. He reigned from AD 37. After only four years, he was assassinated by members of his bodyguard and the Roman Senate. During his reign, many innocent people were killed without fair trials. Even with all that, he was popular with the Roman public in his time.

Caligula's father Germanicus was the nephew and adoptive son of emperor Tiberius. He was a very successful general. He was one of Rome's most beloved public figures.

When Germanicus died at Antioch in 19 AD, his mother Agrippina the Elder returned to Rome with her six children. She had a bitter feud with Tiberius. That eventually led to the destruction of her family. Caligula was the only male survivor. In 31, he joined the emperor on the island of Capri. Tiberius had gone there five years earlier. When Tiberius died in 37, Caligula became emperor.

There are few surviving sources on Caligula's reign. He is described as a noble and moderate ruler during the first two years of his rule. After this, the sources focus upon his cruelty, extravagance, and sexual perversity, presenting him as an insane tyrant.

Caligula worked to give more authority to the emperor. He put a lot of his effort into ambitious construction projects and luxurious dwellings for himself. He started the construction of two new aqueducts in Rome: the "Aqua Claudia" and the "Anio Novus". During his reign, the empire took over the Kingdom of Mauretania and made it into a province.

In early 41, Caligula was assassinated. There was a conspiracy involving officers of the Praetorian Guard, members of the Roman Senate and members of the imperial court. After Caligula's death, the conspirators' tried to bring back the Roman Republic, but they were unsuccessful. The Praetorian Guard declared Caligula's uncle Claudius emperor in his place.

There are stories about Caligula that show cruelty and insanity. He was accused of killing just for amusement. He was accused of committing incest with his sisters and prostituting them with other men. He was accused of turning the palace into a brothel.

Caligula appeared in public dressed as various gods. He demanded to be worshipped as a god. There was a legend that he appointed a horse to the priesthood.

It is difficult to know anything for certain about Caligula. Only two sources from his time still exist. Those are the works of Philo and Seneca. They give mostly anecdotes. At one time, there were detailed histories on Caligula. Now they are lost. Caligula's sister, Agrippina the Younger, wrote an autobiography which certainly had a lot of information about Caligula's reign. It is also lost. No surviving source paints Caligula in a favorable light. It is not known whether Caligula was insane.

In 2017 a mosaic from one of Caligula's Lake Nemi pleasure ships was discovered in New York City

 

Counter-Strike: Source

Counter-Strike Source is a first-person shooter computer game developed by Valve Corporation. The game normally involves 2 teams, one called 'Terrorists' or 'T' for short and 'Counter Terrorists' or 'CT' for short. The two teams have different guns and objectives. For example, Terrorists can use the AK-47 and Counter Terrorists can use the M4A1.

The game started off as a modification of "Half-Life", called "Counter-Strike". Its popularity grew enough that Valve made it into a retail game. "Counter-Strike: Source" is essentially the same game on the Source engine. It remains one of the most popular online shooter games in the world. The game has real-life weapons. Most of them are still used today.

There are two officials modes, bomb-defusal and hostage rescue. The aim of the game generally is to kill the opposing force and carrying out other objectives such as defusing bombs and rescuing hostages.

These changes called modifications or "mods" for short, are created by the game's players generally and are not regarded as official changes. There are many mods such as Warcraft, Deathmatch, Gungame, Zombie Survival, and surf.



Silver (color)

Silver is the color of the metal silver. It is a grayish-white color.

The first written use of "silver" as a color name in English was in 1481.


Pyromania

Pyromania is a psychological disorder. It is an "impulse control disorder" with an obsession with fire and explosives.

Pyromaniacs often set fire to things. They get pleasure or relief from seeing things burn. Pyromaniacs are often convicted of arson. When children have pyromania, later in life they usually are diagnosed with a mental disorder. Pyromaniacs set fire to relieve stress and it gives them pleasure and relief.

Someone with this disorder deliberately and purposely sets fires on more than one occasion. Before the act of lighting the fire the person usually has tension and an emotional buildup. When around fires, a person with pyromania shows intense interest or fascination and may also get pleasure, gratification or relief.

Oscar De La Hoya

Oscar de la Hoya (born February 4, 1973), also known as the "Golden Boy", is a former boxer. He is Mexican-American. He won a gold medal for the United States at the 1992 Summer Olympics.


San Salvador Island

San Salvador Island, also known as Watling Island, is an island in The Bahamas, that is said to have been found by Christopher Columbus during his first trip to the New World. It has a population of about 1,000 people, and it is a very good tourist spot. 


Jane Roberts

Jane Roberts (May 8, 1929 – September 5, 1984) was an American author, psychic and trance medium who "channeled" a spirit named Seth. The publication of the Seth books established her as an important person in the world of the paranormal. She wrote short stories, novels and children's books.


Pound (currency)

The pound (£) is the currency used by Egypt, Falkland Islands, Gibraltar, Guernsey, Jersey and the United Kingdom where it is called Pound sterling. Centuries ago, it was one Troy Pound (mass) of silver coins. 

Attraction

In general, an attraction is when two things are drawn to one another.


Alb-Donau-Kreis

Alb-Donau (Alemannic German: "Alb-Donau-Krois") is a rural district or county (Landkreis) in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.

The history of the region is linked with the history of Ulm and the Swabian Alb.

The district of Alb-Donau was established in 1973 by joining the former districts of Ulm and Ehingen.

The city of Ulm is surrounded by the district. The government of the county is in Ulm, even though Ulm is not a part of the districztIt is the administrative seat of the Alb-Donau district, although it is not part of the district.

The district is named after the Danube River (German "Donau") and the Swabian Alb ("Schwäbische Alb") mountains. The Danube enters the district in the southwest, runs through the southern parts of the district and leaves eastwards to Ulm. North of the Danube banks the hills of the Swabian Alb rise. The hill chain extends from southwest to northeast parallel to the course of the Danube River and is continued on either side of the district. An affluent of the Danube, the Iller River, forms the southeastern border of the Alb-Donau district, before it meets the Danube in Ulm.


Freddy Cannon

Freddy "Boom Boom" Cannon (born December 4, 1936) is an American singer. He was most famous in the early 1960s. His hit records include "Abigail Beecher", "Tallahassee Lassie", and "Way Down Yonder In New Orleans".

One of Cannon's hits, "Palisades Park", was written by Chuck Barris, who later created "The Dating Game" and "The Gong Show". Cannon also appeared in the movies "Just for Fun" and "Village of the Giants".

Hudson Bay

The Hudson Bay is a bay that goes into East-central Canada. It is the fourth largest sea in the world with an area of 316,000 square miles (819,000 square kilometres). The northern and western shores belong to Nunavut, the southern shore is split between Manitoba and Ontario, and the eastern shore belongs to Quebec. It is connected with the Atlantic Ocean through the Hudson Strait, which is in the northeast of the bay, and with the Arctic Ocean through the Foxe Channel in the north part of the bay.

It was named for the English explorer Henry Hudson, who, in 1610 on the ship "Discovery", found the bay and claimed it for England.


La fanciulla del West

La fanciulla del West, meaning "The Girl of the Golden West", is an opera by Puccini. The opera is three acts long. It was based on the play "The Girl of the Golden West" by David Belasco. The first showing of the opera was at the Metropolitan Opera, New York, in 1910.

Kora (instrument)

The kora is a 21-string harp-lute used mostly by peoples in West Africa.

Gao Region

The Gao Region is in eastern Mali. The region's capital city is Gao.


Kayes Region

The Kayes Region is in eastern Mali.

Kayes is divided into 7 cercles:

Kidal Region

The Kidal Region is a region in Mali.

Kidal Region is divided into 4 cercles that contain 11 municipalities:


Koulikoro Region

The Koulikoro Region is a region in western Mali. It is the second administrative area of Mali and covers an area of . Its capital is the city of Koulikoro.

Mopti Region

The Mopti Region is a region in Mali. 

Mopti is divided into 8 cercles that contain a total of 108 municipalities:

Ségou Region

The Ségou Region is a region in Mali.

Sikasso Region

The Sikasso Region is a region in Mali. Sikasso is the capital of the region. It is the second largest city in Mali. Because of people fleeing the violence in Côte d'Ivoire the city is growing quickly.

Other important towns are Bougouni and Koutiala.

Tombouctou Region

The Tombouctou Region (also spelled Timbuktu) is a region in Mali.

Toni Morrison

Toni Morrison (born Chloe Ardelia Wofford; February 18, 1931 – August 5, 2019) was an African-American author. She was the second child in her working-class family. 

She normally wrote about racial discrimination (racism, mainly the dislike of blacks). She won awards for writing some books and she changed African-American history. She was perhaps the most successful mainly story-writing African woman in the world. 

She was a famous writer and she got her good writing by the people she looked up to. They were B.W.Jones and A.I.Vinson. Her first novel ("The Bluest Eyes") is the story of a girl ruined by a racist society and its violence and she had son named slade who she wrote this book with dreaming emmett. One of her books, "Beloved", was made into a movie in 1998. This movie starred Oprah Winfrey.

Morrison died at a hospital in The Bronx, New York City on August 5, 2019, from problems caused by pneumonia, aged 88.


Bret Michaels

Bret Michael Sychak, better known as Bret Michaels (born March 15, 1963 in Butler, Pennsylvania), is the lead singer of the glam metal band Poison. He also starred on VH1's reality television program Rock of Love 2. He is also a contestant on Celebrity Apprentice.


Jacques Arcadelt

Jacques Arcadelt (also called Jacob Arcadelt) (born probably in Liège, 1504 or 1505; died Paris, 14 October 1568) was a Franco-Flemish composer in the Renaissance period. He was an extremely popular composer of madrigals and chansons. 

We know hardly anything about his early life, but we know he was living in Rome by 1539 when he was made a member of the Julian Chapel. Soon he joined the Sistine Chapel, where he had the job of "magister puerorum" (director of the boys choir), and later he became choirmaster. In the same year he published four of his total of six books of madrigals for four voices. Probably around 1553 he moved to France, where he spent the rest of his life. He wrote a very large number of chansons (French songs). He also wrote some masses.

Arcadelt's music became extremely popular because it was quite simple and easy to sing with beautiful melodies that people could remember. One very famous madrigal is called "Il bianco e dolce cigno" ("The white and gentle swan"). The style of Arcadelt’s music influenced the next generation of madrigal composers.

Adela Florence Nicolson

Adela Florence Nicolson (née Cory) (9 April 1865–4 October 1904) was an English poet who lived in India. She wrote under the pseudonym Laurence Hope.


The Sarah Jane Adventures

The Sarah Jane Adventures was a science fiction television series, that started in 2007 and ended in 2011, due to Elisabeth Sladen's death. It was a spin off from the British cult series "Doctor Who."

The series starred Elisabeth Sladen as the journalist Sarah Jane Smith, who was a companion of the Third and Fourth Doctor in the classic "Doctor Who" series. Sladen played the original part of Sarah Jane from 1973 until 1976. Sarah Jane was considered the most popular companion of the Doctor and appeared in the new series episode "School Reunion" along with her robot dog, K-9.

Unlike the other spin off of "Doctor Who", "Torchwood", the target audience for "The Sarah Jane Adventures" was children as it is shown on CBBC.

The series featured many connections to "Doctor Who". The Slitheen family, who first appeared in the "Doctor Who" episode "Aliens of London" appeared in two stories in the first series, and the Sontarans, who first appeared in the "Doctor Who" story "The Time Warrior" featured in two stories in the Second series. The character Doctor Who also appeared in the episodes "The Wedding of Sarah Jane Smith" (played by David Tennant) and "Death of the Doctor" (played by Matt Smith).

"Doctor Who" also used ideas from "The Sarah Jane Adventures". In the "Doctor Who" episode "Turn Left", the Doctor makes a reference to the Trickster - an enemy who had only featured in "The Sarah Jane Adventures". Sarah Jane also appeared with her son Luke Smith in the "Doctor Who" episodes "The Stolen Earth" and "Journey's End".

The first episode was a 60-minute special, and served as a basic introduction to the series.
The first series featured five stories. Each story was made up of two episodes.
The second series featued six stories. As with the first series, each story was made up of two episodes
A short, 5-minute special was made for the 2009 Comic Relief appeal.

The third series featured six stories. As with previous series, each story was made up of two episodes.
The fourth series featured six stories. As with previous series, each story was made up of two episodes. The final episode of this series was the last to air before Elisabeth Sladen's death on the 19th of April, 2011.
The fifth series only featured three stories, as those three were filmed alongside series four, before Elisabeth Sladen's death. As with the previous series, they were all made of two episodes.

Dailymotion

Dailymotion is the world's largest independent video sharing website. It is based in Paris, France. Dailymotion was started March 15, 2005 by Benjamin Bejbaum and Olivier Poitrey.

Francesca Lia Block

Francesca Lia Block (born January 3, 1962 in Los Angeles, California) is the writer of many books for teenagers. She is best known for the Weetzie Bat series of books. Block wrote her first book, "Weetzie Bat", while she was a student at UC Berkeley. Harper Collins published it in 1989. She is known for her use of imagery, or ability to paint pictures with words. This is best seen in describing the city of Los Angeles.

Block was born in Los Angeles to a poet and a painter. The creativity they gave Francesca was a big influence on what she wrote. Another influence was her love of Greek mythology and fairy tales when she was a child.

Block belongs to the Authors Guild, Authors League of America, and the Writers Guild of America.






Benito Pérez Galdós

Benito Pérez Galdós (May 10, 1843 – January 4, 1920) was a Spanish realist novelist. Considered by many second only to Cervantes in stature, Pérez Galdós was the greatest Spanish realist novelist. Born in Las Palmas de Gran Canaria, Canary Islands, he moved to Madrid at the age of 20 where he spent most of his adult life. Within Spain his most popular works are the earlier works: the "Episodios nacionales" (46 volumes). Outside Spain his "Novelas españolas contemporáneas" are more popular.

Candomblé

Candomblé is an African-inspired or Afro-Brazilian religion, practiced chiefly in Brazil. The religion originated in the city of Salvador, the capital of Bahia.

Merzig-Wadern

Merzig-Wadern is a "Kreis" (district) in the northeast of the Saarland, Germany.

The district was created in 1816 when the area became the property of Prussia. After World War I the Saar area was under special government of the League of Nations, which did split the district into two parts. The area around Wadern stayed Prussian, while the Merzig area became part of the Saargebiet area. In 1935 the Saar area rejoined Germany, however it took till after the World War II that the two district parts were reunited in 1946.

The Saar River flows through the district, the Moselle River forms the boundary in the west to Luxembourg.


SK Rapid Wien

S.K. Rapid Wien is an Austrian football club. Rapid Wien was founded in 1898 and is one of the major clubs in Austria. The club plays in Vienna. Rapid is Austria's most successful team with 32 championships wins. Rapid also won a German title in 1941 when the country was part of Germany. 

The club was founded in 1898 as First Workers' Football Club of Vienna but was renamed in S(port) K(lub) Rapid Wien on 8 January 1899. The first coulors were red and white. The teams uses these colours in away matches today. 

During the years before World War II, Rapid was one of the most successful clubs in Europe. Before the Second World War, Rapid won the Viennese championship 16 times. In these years there was no nationwide championship because professional football teams only played in Vienna. In 1930 Rapid won the Mitropacup against Sparta Praha (2:0; 3:2) ("La Coupe de l'Europe Centrale"), one of the first international competitions in Europe. Around this time, the rivalry with the other great club of Vienna, FK Austria, started and continues today. Rapid was the club of the working class, while supporters of FK Austria were more middle class. After the annexation of Austria through Nazi-Germany in 1938 Rapid played in the Gauliga Ostmark. Rapid won the Tschammerpokal (Cup) in 1938 with a 3–1 victory over FSV Frankfurt. 1941 they won the Championship versus Schalke 04 (4-3).

Almost since the beginning of the club's history, the fans announce the last 15 minutes with clapping of their hands, the "Rapidviertelstunde". 
SK Rapid only won the Austrian championship twice since 2000. The greatest success in recent years was the victory over the Premier League club Aston Villa in the last qualifying round for the UEFA Europa League 2009 and 2010. They played in the group stage twice, but they did not reach the next round. Rapid last reached the group stage of the UEFA Champions League in 2005–06. They finished last in their group and lost all their matches. 










Neunkirchen District

Neunkirchen is a Kreis (district) in the middle of the Saarland, Germany.

In 1974 the districts of Saarland were reorganized. The capital of the district was moved to Neunkirchen. The name of the district was changed to Neunkirchen as well. Neunkirchen city had first tried to become cspital of the district in 1866. Some parts of the administration remained in Ottweiler.


Afro-Brazilian religions

Afro-Brazilian religions are all religions that originated in African traditional religions, which were brought to Brazil by slaves.


Saarbrücken (district)

The Regionalverband Saarbrücken is a "Kommunalverband besonderer Art", that is, it is a special mix of a rural district and a district free city. It is located in the south of the Saarland, Germany.

The district Saarbrücken was originally created in 1816.
In 1974 the district and the district-free city Saarbrücken were merged, and the new administrative body was named "Stadtverband Saarbrücken". Although it's not a district like others, most of its administrative tasks are same as those of a district.

The Saar River flows through the district, through the city Saarbrücken in the centre of the district.


Sinaloa

Sinaloa is a northwestern Mexican state. It is bordered by Sonora to the north, Chihuahua to the northeast, Durango to the east, and Nayarit to the south. To the west lies the Pacific Ocean and the Gulf of California, also known as the Sea of Cortez. 

Saarlouis (district)

Saarlouis is a Kreis (district) in the middle of the Saarland, Germany.

The district was part of the Holy Roman Empire. After the Napoleonic wars the area went to Prussia, which in 1816 created the district as part of its Rhineland province. From 1936-1945 it was called "Saarlautern", when the Nazi government tried to exchange the French name for a German one.

The main river in the district is the Saar.


Saarpfalz District

Saarpfalz ("Saar-Palatinate") is a Kreis (district) in the south-east of the Saarland, Germany. Neighboring districts are (from west clockwise) Saarbrücken, Neunkirchen, Kusel, Südwestpfalz, district-free Zweibrücken, and the French "département" Moselle.

When after World War I the Saar area went under special government of the League of Nations, the Palatinate area, then part of Bavaria, was split in two parts. The part which went into the Saar became commonly known as Saarpfalz, and was administered by the two "Bezirksamt": St. Ingbert and Homburg. The district Saarpfalz was created in 1974 when the two districts of Saint Ingbert and Homburg were joined. Since 1997 the district has a partnership with Henrico County, Virginia.


Sankt Wendel (district)

Sankt Wendel is a Kreis (district) in the north of the Saarland, Germany. Neighboring districts are Trier-Saarburg, Birkenfeld, Kusel, Neunkirchen, Saarlouis, Merzig-Wadern.

The district was created in 1834 when Prussia bought the Lichtenfeld area from Saxe-Coburg and Gotha. After World War I the Saar area came under special rulership of the League of Nations, and the Sankt Wendel district was split into two parts. The northern part, the "Restkreis Sankt Wendel", was merged into the district Birkenfeld, the southern part stayed in the Saarland in its smaller size.

The district is located in the "Saar-Hunsrück" natural area, a hilly area with elevations between 200 and 600 meters.
The main river in the district is the Nahe. The "Bostalsee" is the biggest tourist lake in the south-west of Germany, covering an area of about 1.2 km.


Respiratory system

The respiratory system, also called the gas exchange system, is the body getting rid of carbon dioxide and taking in oxygen. Carbon dioxide, a waste product, goes out of the body. Oxygen, which the body needs, comes in. In humans the lungs are the main organ to do this. In other words, the way oxidation of organic compounds happens in cells and energy is released is called the respiratory system. 

The first step is breathing in air, or inhaling. Inhalation means bringing air rich in oxygen into the body. Exhalation means giving out air rich in carbon dioxide from the body. The second step is gas exchange in the lungs where oxygen is diffused into the blood and the carbon dioxide diffuses out of the blood. The third step is cellular respiration, which makes the chemical energy that the cells in the body need, and carbon dioxide. Finally, the carbon dioxide from cellular respiration is breathed out of the body from the lungs.

Breathing is the first step in the process of respiration. For respiration to happen, the body needs a constant supply of oxygen, which is done by breathing. Inhalation is the breathing in of air. To inhale, the lungs expand, decreasing the air pressure in the lungs. This is caused by two actions. The diaphragm (a sheet of muscular tissue that separates the lungs from the abdomen) is pulled downward. Also the muscles between the ribs contract to expand the chest. Both of these actions expand the lungs. To fill the enlarged lungs, air from outside at higher pressure comes rushing into the area of low pressure in the lungs. Air first passes through the nose and mouth, then through the larynx (voice box), then down the trachea (windpipe), and into the lungs.

The lungs are made of many tubes or branches. As air enters the lungs, it first goes through branches called the bronchi, then through smaller branches called bronchioles, and finally into the air sacs. Gas exchange occurs in the air sacs where oxygen is exchanged with carbon dioxide. 

The carbon dioxide in the air sacs now needs to be exhaled or breathed out. The diaphragm and the rib muscles relax, making the lungs smaller. As the air pressure in the lungs is greater when the lungs are smaller, the air is forced out. The air sacs are able to contract and expand because they are coated with a lubricant, surfactant, this lubricant helps the air sacs inflate while also preventing the collapse of the lungs during deflation. The exhaled air has a high concentration of carbon dioxide and a low concentration of oxygen. The maximum volume of air that can be breathed in and breathed out is called the vital capacity of the lungs and is up to five liters.

The inhaled air goes down to the air sacs at the end of each bronchiole. The air sacs are called alveoli — they have a large surface area and are moist, thin, and close to a blood supply. The inhaled air has a much greater concentration of oxygen than carbon dioxide whilst the blood flowing to the lungs has more carbon dioxide than oxygen. This creates a concentration gradient between the air in the air sacs and the blood, meaning there is more oxygen in the air than the blood. 

As the membrane, oxygen can easily diffuse in and out. Oxygen at high concentration in the air sacs diffuses into the blood where oxygen concentration is low, and carbon dioxide at high concentration in the blood diffuses into the air sacs where carbon dioxide concentration is low. The oxygen in the blood enters the circulatory system and is used by the cells in the body. The carbon dioxide in the air sacs is exhaled out of the body.


Internal combustion engine

An internal combustion engine is an engine in which combustion, or the burning of fuel, occurs on the inside. This differs from external combustion engines where the fire is outside the engine, such as a steam engine.

There are many kinds of internal combustion engine but the term often means the machine that Niklaus Otto invented. In this kind, fire makes pressure increase inside a cylinder. The pressure pushes a piston which is attached to a wheel by a crank. The rod pushes the wheel and makes it spin around. The spinning wheel is attached to other wheels. The engine is very strong and can make all the wheels move.

There can be many kinds of internal combustion engines such as the single piston engine, the inline engine, the flat engine, the V engine, the VR engine, the W engine, the X engine, the U engine, the H engine, the horizontal K engine, the opposed piston engine, the delta engine, the Wankel or rotary engine and the radial engine which is commonly used in planes.

The most common layouts among these engines are the V layout, and the inline layout. In the V engine, the pistons are aligned in a V shape. There can be V twin engines, with 2 pistons, V3 engines, V4 engines, V6 engines, V8 engines, up to V24 engines. The VR layout is the same as a V layout except the angle between the V shape is smaller making the overall drive smoother. In inline engines, the pistons are aligned in a straight line. There can be inline 1 engines, also called a singular piston engine, all the way up to a straight 14 which was mainly used in older models of cars. Flat engines are the same as inline engines but are aligned horizontally.

W, X, U, H, Horizontal K, Delta and opposed piston engines all have different layouts. In the W engine, the pistons are aligned in a W shape if looked at from the front. The Bugatti Chiron, one of the fastest cars in the world, features a W engine. The pistons in a X are aligned to look like an X from the front. In the U engine, there a 2 inline engine with separate crankshafts and a shared output shaft. When looked at from the front of the engine block, it resembles a U shape. H engines are U engines except there are 2 more inline engines attached to the bottom of the existing inline engines from the U engine. The H and the U layout can be configured vertically or horizontally. In delta engines, the pistons are aligned in a triangle shape. There are 2 pistons per cylinder/combustion chamber, and therefore the minimum amount of pistons in a delta engine is 6. Horizontal K engines have 2 flat pistons facing opposite each other at the bottom and a V engine above them, making them look like a horizontal K. The Opposed piston engines also have 2 pistons per cylinder. They can be aligned vertically or horizontally. When there are only 2 pistons in the engine, they can be called boxer engine.

Radial engines are commonly used in planes but are rarely used in cars. An example of this is the Porsche 356 and the 1939 Plymouth Pickup. The pistons in a radial engine are aligned in a star shape. When having multiple sets of pistons, the engines can be stacked beside each other.

Rotary/Wankel engines work the same as a piston engine except they don't have a piston but instead have a rotor that also cycles through the 4 main stages of engines (intake, compression, combustion and exhaust).

There are many different parts to an engine. They include pistons, camshafts, crankshafts, timing belts, and valves. All parts of an engine need to be fully functional for it to work and all parts have a separate role. An engine is usually started by first sending power from the car battery to the ignition coil which then causes an engine spark. The spark then ignites combustion in the cylinders and the combustion starts the engine.

There can be petrol or diesel engines in a vehicle. In petrol or gasoline engines, it is required to have an ignition system to burn the fuel and air mixture. In diesel engines, the ignition system is not required to burn the fuel. Diesel is similar to heating oil. It is burnt through extreme compression.

The car is started using a powerful electric motor, called a starter motor. The starter solenoid converts electrical energy into mechanical energy or movement) and when it starts the ignition switch connects a circuit, sending power to the starter relay. It then sends 2 jolts of electricity into the solenoid, the larger burst directly from the battery pack and the other from the ignition. The magnetic field created from the solenoid connects two metal contact points, one being the solenoid plunger, together which then relays the electricity into the starter motor. The plunger also engages a fork which pushes the pinion gear (connected to the starter motor) to engage the flywheel automatically, starting the engine.

For extra power, more air is needed to increase the energy evolved per unit of fuel. This is where forced induction must take place. There are some ways of creating forced induction such as turbochargers and superchargers. Turbochargers rely on the volume and velocity of the exhaust to spin the turbine wheel in the middle of the turbocharger. Turbochargers should consume less power from the engine than superchargers and therefore suffer bad throttle response. This delay can also be referred to as turbo lag. Smaller turbochargers spool quickly and deliver more boost pressure at lower engine speeds but suffers at higher RPMs. Bigger turbochargers can deliver more power at higher revs but suffer low throttle response. There can be many turbochargers in a car, but the most common amount being 1 or 2. Superchargers have close to no lag time as the compressor is constantly spinning proportionally to the engine speed. They require torque from the engine to operate. Some common types of superchargers are the Roots-type supercharger, a Screw-type supercharger, and a Centrifugal-type supercharger. In a Roots-type supercharger there are paddles on two drums that are continuously rotating, that force air into the intake. The Roots-type supercharger is a positive displacement device and therefore has the advantage of producing the same pressure ratio at any engine speed. A Screw-type supercharger, like the Roots-type supercharger, is a positive displacement device. They have 2 screws that compress the air and are more efficient than roots type as they create a cooler air output than a roots supercharger but are more difficult to manufacture. A centrifugal-type supercharger, is not a positive displacement device. Although it looks like a turbocharger, they are very different as the power source of the centrifugal supercharger is the engines crankshaft. A turbocharger uses the exhaust gas to spin the compressor.

When using forced induction, the air temperature rises dramatically. To cool the air at higher temperatures, an intercooler is needed. An intercooler cools the air before it enters the cylinder (combustion chamber) using air or water. When hot air enters the combustion chamber, it decreases the fuel efficiency as warm air holds less oxygen than cool air. An air to air intercooler uses the cool air from outside to cool the hot air as it enters the intercooler. The more surface area the intercooler has the cooler the air can get. There are 2 types of air to air intercooler, the bar and plate intercooler and the tube and fin intercooler. Bar and plate intercoolers can cool the air to lower temperature but a tube and fin intercooler cost less and weigh less. In air to water intercoolers, instead of air from outside, it uses a cool liquid to cool the air as it passes though and then uses a radiator to cool the cooling liquid. Air to water intercooler are more complex, heavier and more expensive than air to water intercoolers but can be more efficient.

Cars can also have gears. The gears are controlled by the transmission. They can either be manual, automatic or Continuously Variable Transmission. Gear ratios

The intake manifold is where the car gets the oxygen to burn the fuel

Exhaust in a car is the fumes that come out of the pipe or pipes (normally in back of a car but can be on the sides)

Engines need oil to make them slippery or the moving parts would grind together and stick. Parts of a car engine are measured to 0.01 of a millimetre and some engine parts fit together very tightly.

Most road vehicles use the internal combustion engine, and most of those use the four-stroke engine.

Gas turbines are internal combustion engines that work continuously, not by strokes. Rocket engines and guns are internal combustion engines but they do not turn wheels.

See car battery. 

Mass media

Mass media are media like radio, television, internet or other things that reach many people. Television is most used. We can see and hear news from around the world. Radio also brings music and news. Books supply older and more detailed material. The internet is also important. We can search for all the news and information. Websites like Wikipedia and about.com give information about many things. Libraries are also important. In libraries we can read books and listen to music.

The term was coined in the 1920s with the advent of nationwide radio networks, mass-circulation newspapers and magazines, although mass media (like books and manuscripts) were present centuries before the term became common.


Rail

Rail or rails may refer to:


Kublai Khan

Kublai Khan (23 Sept. 1215 - 18 Feb. 1294) was a Mongol khan, or military ruler, who brought the Mongol Empire to its greatest height. He finished the invasion of China and was also the founder of the Yuan Dynasty. He lived during the 13th century AD. Kublai Khan was the grandson of the great Mongol king Genghis Khan.

Kublai Khan was born to Tolui Khan, and his wife Sorghaghtani. While growing up, he participated in campaigns with his father, until he was 17 when his father died. He had also participated in campaigns with his older brother. When his brother died in 1259, Kublai had to fight against his younger brother to become Great Khan even though he was next in line to rule. 

Kublai led armies against the Song Dynasty and took over most of China and much of Asia. As the first foreigner to rule all of China, he established the Yuan Dynasty, which had Chinese ideas but Mongolian roots.

Bertrand du Guesclin

Bertrand du Guesclin (c. 1320 – 13 July 1380), was a French knight from Brittany who fought in the Hundred Years' War. He was Constable of France from 1370 to his death. He was important to the French successes in the war under Charles V of France.

Battle of Sluys

The Battle of Sluys (; ; 1340) was an early and important naval battle of the Hundred Years' War. The English attacked near the port of Sluis and destroyed most of the French fleet. This made it impossible for France to invade England. Nearly all the fighting afterward took place on land in France.

Battle of Poitiers (1356)

The Battle of Poitiers (1356) was one of the three most important victories for England over France in the Hundred Years' War. Edward, the Black Prince led the English who captured King John II of France during the battle. 

Guitar Hero (series)

Guitar Hero is a popular series of music video games that allows players to pretend they are a rock star by playing a controller shaped like a guitar. The player has to play rock songs from the 1960s to present. There are 18 in the series, and the last one is 2010's "". Since Guitar Hero World Tour, it has added different rock instruments, such as drums and microphone. "Guitar Hero" games can be played on most game consoles (which is the device it is played on, like the Xbox 360,the PlayStation 3 and the Wii. Many people around the world play this popular game.

After "Guitar Hero: Warriors of Rock" did not sell well, Activision (the company that owns the "Guitar Hero" series) stopped making "Guitar Hero" games until 2015. "Guitar Hero Live" came to stores in October of that year.

Horse racing

Horse racing is a sport in which a race is held between racehorses (horses bred for racing). Racehorses are most often thoroughbreds. The Kentucky Derby is a major horserace that is held at Churchill Downs in Louisville, Kentucky every year. The Kentucky Derby is part of the Triple Crown, which includes two other races. Yonkers, New York is a major venue for harness racing.

Important races outside the US include Longchamp near Paris, the Dubai Gold Cup and the Melbourne Cup, held every year in Australia on the second Tuesday of November. Heralded as "the race that stops the nation," this one race alone keeps hatmakers in the city of Melbourne in business for an entire year. Every year, during the cup, over 11 million people from Australia and New Zealand tune in to listen to the race, starting at 3:00pm.

Racing is also popular in the UK and Ireland. Major races include Ascot, Newmarket and the Grand National. Racing also takes place at Epsom, Chepstow, Goodwood, York, Cheltenham and Punchestown, County Kildare.

In the Far East Japan, Hong Kong, Macau and Singapore are major race centres.

People often gamble on horse races. They will bet money on a particular horse. 

Cheltenham horse racing is a major event in the United Kingdom's horse racing calendar, taking place annually at Cheltenham Racecourse in Gloucestershire. The festival, most famous for the Cheltenham Gold Cup, spans four days in March and features several high-profile races. It attracts the best of British and Irish trained horses and is a significant occasion for racing enthusiasts, combining top-tier competition with a festive atmosphere. 

Treaty of Troyes

The Treaty of Troyes (1420) tried to change the inheritance rule for the kings of France, but did not succeed at doing that. This treaty said that Henry V of England and his sons would become kings of France after the death of Charles VI of France. The treaty tried to disinherit the future Charles VII of France. The treaty did not work because Henry V and Charles VI died two months apart and Joan of Arc recaptured land for Charles VII.

Kentucky Derby

The Kentucky Derby is a horse race for three-year-old Thoroughbreds held every year at the Churchill Downs in Louisville, Kentucky on the first Saturday in May. The race is 1.25 miles long.

Returning home to Kentucky, Clark organized the Louisville Jockey Club for the purpose of raising money to build quality racing facilities just outside the city. The track would soon become known as Churchill Downs, named for John and Henry Churchill, who provided the land for the racetrack.Officially, the racetrack was incorporated as Churchill Downs in 1937.

The race is nicknamed "The Run for the Roses".

Charles VII of France

Charles VII of France (22 February 1403 – 22 July 1461), was King of France from 1422 to his death. He was not crowned as king until 1429 because England controlled large parts of France. His father, Charles VI of France, had disinherited him. He was called “King of Bourges” because Bourges was one of the few places he still controlled.

Joan of Arc took back land for him, but she was burned at the stake after he refused to pay her ransom. The Hundred Years' War ended while Charles VII was king. The English were left with only a small area around Calais

Madison Square Garden

The Madison Square Garden (frequently called "The Garden" or "MSG") is an indoor arena in the New York City borough of Manhattan. The arena is home of the New York Knicks NBA team and the New York Rangers of the NHL. It also is the site of many concerts and special events each year and a few college basketball games are played there There have been four arenas with the name Madison Square Garden at three different sites in Manhattan. The first was an open-air arena built in 1879 at East 26th Street and Madison Avenue, also known as Madison Square. It was torn down and replaced with an indoor arena at the same site in 1890. The third MSG, on Eighth Avenue between 49th and 50th Streets, opened in 1925. The current Madison Square Garden opened in 1968. It is at 4 Penn Plaza, close to the intersection of 8th Avenue & 33rd Street in Manhattan, New York City. Was named after 4th President of the United States of America.

The arena has six sections of seats. One of them is not open if hockey is played, because a hockey rink is larger than a basketball court. The other sections used to have different colors. There were red, orange, yellow, brown and blue seats. However, the fans of the New York Rangers only wanted to sit in the blue seats. They did not want to use any of the other sections. They even did not let other fans use the blue seats. For this reason, the MSG does not use these colors today. The most active fans sit in the section 400.

The number of people who can visit the arena changes. If hockey is played and the first section is taken out to make room for the rink, 18,200 people may be there. For basketball, 19,763 people can watch. Up to 20,000 people may watch a concert in the arena.




Dolby Theatre

The Dolby Theatre is a indoor theatre in Hollywood. The theatre has been the home of the annual Academy Awards since 2002.

Luis Aragonés

Luis Aragonés (28 July 1938- 1 February 2014), became active as a Spanish football player in 1957 and football coach in 1974. He played in, and was involved in managing, Real Oviedo, Real Betis Balompié, and Atlético Madrid. Additionally, he participated in coaching Barcelona, Valencia, Sevilla, Espanyol Barcelona, Mallorca and Fenerbahçe.

360||160
360||160

!Total||11||3

Adobe

Adobe is a building material made from soil and often organic matter. Adobe means mudbrick in Spanish. It can also mean any kind of earth construction. 

Adobe is one of the earliest building materials ever used. It is found all over the world. The techniques used in adobe construction have not changed since the 16th century in the Southwestern United States. Because they are not fired in a kiln they never become hard. They shrink and swell as the water content in them changes. Also, as they get wetter, they become weaker.

Adobe does not permanently stick to wood, metal or stone because it moves more than they do. This causes cracks and seperation from other materials. Stone is sometimes used as a foundation and wood for the roof. These are usually held in place by their own weight or the weight of the adobe pressing down on them. But adobe construction is cheap and the materials are usually easy to find.

Charles VI of France

Charles VI of France (3 December 1368 – 21 October 1422) was King of France from 1380 until his death. He was not a successful king.

Often he was not able to rule the country because of mental illness and his wife Queen Isabeau of Bavaria ruled with the help of his brother Louis I de Valois, Duke of Orléans. This made his cousin John the Fearless of Burgundy very angry, so John the Fearless had Louis I assassinated. A few years after that, Henry V of England invaded and won the Battle of Agincourt.

Charles had a mental illness from around 1410 until he died. His mental illness involved him killing some of his own servants and at one point he thought he was made of glass.

Battle of Poitiers

Battle of Poitiers can be one of two battles:

Küttigkofen

Küttigkofen was a municipality in the Bucheggberg district, in the canton of Solothurn, Switzerland. On 1 January 2014, the former municipalities of Aetigkofen, Aetingen, Bibern, Brügglen, Gossliwil, Hessigkofen, Küttigkofen, Kyburg-Buchegg, Mühledorf and Tscheppach merged to form the new municipality of Buchegg.

Langendorf, Switzerland

Langendorf is a municipality in the district Lebern in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.


Laupersdorf

Laupersdorf is a municipality in the district Thal in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.


Lohn-Ammannsegg

Lohn-Ammannsegg is a municipality in the district Wasseramt in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland. It is the combination of 2 municipalities: Lohn and Ammannsegg.


List of tallest buildings

This list of tallest buildings includes skyscrapers with continuously occupiable floors and a height of at least . Non-building structures, such as towers, are not included in this list (see list of tallest buildings and structures).

Historically, the world's tallest man-made structure was the ancient tomb - the Great Pyramid of Giza in Egypt, which held the position for over 3,800 years until the construction of Lincoln Cathedral in England in 1311. Until the completion of the Washington Monument in 1884 the world's tallest buildings were Christian churches and cathedrals in Europe. The early skyscraper was pioneered in Chicago with the Home Insurance Building in 1885, forming the basis for which the United States would hold the position of the world's tallest building throughout the 20th century until 1998, when the Petronas Towers were completed. Since then only two buildings have held the title: Taipei 101 in 2004 and Burj Khalifa in 2010.

Since the beginning of the 21st century, the US, the Middle East, China, and Southeast Asia have experienced booms in skyscraper construction.

The international non-profit organization Council on Tall Buildings and Urban Habitat (CTBUH) was formed in 1969 and announces the title of "The World's Tallest Building" and sets the standards by which buildings are measured. It maintains a list of the 100 tallest completed buildings in the world. The organization currently ranks Burj Khalifa in Dubai as the tallest at . However, the CTBUH only recognizes buildings that are complete, and some buildings included within the lists in this article are not considered finished by the CTBUH.

In 1996, as a response to the dispute as to whether the Petronas Towers or the Sears Tower was taller, the council listed and ranked buildings in four categories:

Spires are considered integral parts of the architectural design of buildings, changes to which would substantially change the appearance and design of the building, whereas antennas may be added or removed without such consequences. The Petronas Towers, with their spires, are thus ranked higher than the Willis Tower (formerly the Sears Tower) with its antennas, despite the Petronas Towers's lower roofs and lower highest point.

Until 1996, the world's tallest building was defined by the height to the top of the tallest architectural element, including spires but not antennae. This led to a rivalry between the Bank of Manhattan Building and the Chrysler Building. The Bank of Manhattan Building (i.e. 40 Wall Street) employed only a short spire and was tall and had a much higher top occupied floor (the second category in the 1996 criteria for tallest building). In contrast, the Chrysler Building employed a very large spire secretly assembled inside the building to claim the title of world's tallest building with a total height of , although it had a lower top occupied floor and a shorter height when both buildings' spires were excluded.

Upset by Chrysler's victory, Shreve & Lamb, the consulting architects of the Bank of Manhattan Building, wrote a newspaper article claiming that their building was actually the tallest, since it contained the world's highest usable floor, at . They pointed out that the observation deck in the Bank of Manhattan Building was nearly above the top floor in the Chrysler Building, whose surpassing spire was strictly ornamental and inaccessible.

At present, the Burj Khalifa tops the list by some margin, regardless of which criterion is applied.

, this list includes all 75 buildings (completed and architecturally topped out) which reach a height of or more, as assessed by their highest architectural feature. Of these, 37 are in China. Six of the last seven buildings to have held the record as 'tallest building' are still found in the list, with the exception being the North Tower of the original World Trade Center at after its destruction in the September 11 attacks of 2001. If the twin towers had not been destroyed and One World Trade Center never built, the WTC towers would rank 34 and 35 on the list today.

This measurement disregards distinctions between architectural and non-architectural extensions, and simply measures to the highest point. This measurement is useful for air traffic obstacle determinations, and is also a wholly objective measure. However, this measurement includes extensions that are easily added, removed, and modified from a building and are independent of the overall structure.

This measurement only recently came into use, when the Petronas Towers passed the Sears Tower (now named Willis Tower) in height. The former was considered taller because its spires were considered architectural, while the latter's antennae were not. This led to the split of definitions, with the Sears Tower claiming the lead in this and the height-to-roof (now highest occupied floor) categories, and with the Petronas claiming the lead in the architectural height category.

If the World Trade Center towers were still standing today they would occupy numbers 12 (North Tower at ) and 37 on the list (or 11 and 36, for it can be assumed the One World Trade Center would have never been built).

This height is measured from the level of the lowest, significant, open-air, pedestrian entrance to the highest occupied floor within the building.
This is a list of buildings taller than that are currently under construction. On-hold buildings whose construction was interrupted after it had reached a significantly advanced state are also listed.

The following list shows the tallest completed buildings located in each continent listed by greatest to least height (click on name of continent for continent-specific list):


The Harbourfront Landmark

The Harbourfront Landmark is a skyscraper in Hong Kong, China. It is 233 meters (763 feet) tall and has 70 floors. It was built in 2001 and is one of the tallest buildings in the world.



Shimao International Plaza

Shimao International Plaza is a skyscraper in Shanghai, China. It is 333 meters (1093 feet) tall and has 60 floors. It was built in 2006 and is one of the tallest buildings in the world.


Mieszko I of Poland

Mieszko I (c. 935 – May 25, 992) was a duke of the Poles and the first Christian ruler of Poland. He was father of Boleslaw I, first Polish king. His political masterpiece is called "The Baptism of Poland". He got a baptism from the bishop of Bohemia, which was a German Fiefdom.

He was a son of the Siemomysł, the ruler of Polans, and grandson of the Lestek, 

Mieszko Mieszkowic, Świętosława, the queen of the Vikings and the Grandfather of Cnut the Great, the king of the Vikings, Mieszko Mieszkowic, Lambert Mieszkowic and Vladivoj - the Duke of Bohemia.
Mieszko was a great politician, an example of his politician and strategist genius was the fact that he adopted Christianity from the Bishop from Bohemia, which was a German fiefdom, and he stopped most of the attacks of Vielets, Bohemians and Germans. He was also a big friend of the Holy Roman Empire's Emperor. He conquered almost all of the terrain of today's Poland and he united all of the Polish tribes in one country, with the capital in Gniezno.
Gallus Anonymus writes that Mieszko was blind until his 7th birthday. That information was used by later chroniclers, but it's probably just an allegory. 

Mieszko was the first catholic ruler in Poland, he married Dobrawa of Bohemia and after that got baptised. 


OneRepublic

OneRepublic is an American pop rock band that formed in Colorado. The band has become popular after the release of their hit single, "Apologize". The remix was listed on Timbaland's "Shock Value" and "Dreaming Out Loud".


Since the summer of 2006, OneRepublic has usually been ranked as one of the top musical acts on MySpace, because of a lot of exposure within the online community. They were started by songwriter and record producer Ryan Tedder and his high school friend Zach Filkins in Colorado Springs. The group became official in 2003 with Tedder, Filkins, Drew Brown, Eddie Fisher, and Tim Myers in Los Angeles. After signing a deal with Columbia Records they entered the studio in the summer of 2005 with producer Greg Wells with two songs produced by lead singer Ryan Tedder. After a brief stint on Columbia, they moved to Interscope Records/Mosley Music Group. Tim Myers left the group in 2007 and Brent Kutzle replaced him.

OneRepublic's song "Apologize" was listed on Timbaland's 2007 release "Shock Value". The song was released as the single in its original form on the band's debut album Dreaming Out Loud. In addition the single is almost double platinum (marking two million copies sold in the U.S.) It peaked at number three on the U.K. Official Top 40 Week on November 11, 2007.

The band performed "Apologize" live on Fox's "So You Think You Can Dance" on August 2, 2007. In October 2007, they performed "Apologize" on an episode of "One Life to Live", along with Timbaland. It was also played at the end of the television show "Cold Case" episode "Sabotage".

The follow up single to "Apologize" is "Stop and Stare" as announced on their MySpace page. In 2007, the group went on tour with various opening acts. In 2008, they announced a tour with The Daylights, Maroon 5, Brandi Carlile, and Ry Cuming.


40 Wall Street

40 Wall Street, also known as the Trump Building, is a skyscraper in New York City, United States. It is 927 feet (283 m) tall and has 70 floors. It was built in 1930 and is one of the tallest buildings in the world.

40 Wall Street was the tallest building in the world from April to May 1930. Before it was built, the tallest building in the world was the Woolworth Building. The Chrysler Building became the tallest a few months later.

At first it was named the Bank of the Manhattan Company Building, but when the name of the bank changed the building was named for its address of 
40 Wall Street. When Donald Trump bought the building in 1995 he changed it to The Trump Building.



Ryan Tedder

Ryan Benjamin Tedder (born June 26, 1979) is an American singer, and Grammy nominated songwriter and record producer born in Tulsa, Oklahoma. He has written and produced for various musicians but, as of 2007, he is best known as the front man for the "MySpace US rock phenomenon", OneRepublic. He wrote songs and produced for Britney Spears, Christina Aguilera and also, did some work for Timbaland.


Brent Kutzle

Brent Kutzle (born 1985) is an American musician, born in Newport Beach, California. He has written and performed for various musicians both underground music (Vermeer, Augustine, This Allure, Vanessa Jourdan, Venus Infers, Jessica Dobson, and Torrent) and mainstream. Brent is best known for playing the bass guitar and cello for OneRepublic (Interscope Records). When he was 13, he attended McGarvin Intermediate School in Westminster, California. He also attended La Quinta High School in Westminster, California, California Baptist University in Riverside and Vanguard University in Costa Mesa.

Pop rock

Pop rock is a subgenre of pop music and rock music that uses catchy pop style, with light lyrics over top of guitar-based songs. Pop rock is very popular. Famous singers like Taylor Swift sing in the pop rock zone.


Dreaming Out Loud (OneRepublic album)

Dreaming Out Loud is the debut album by OneRepublic, produced by Greg Wells with two songs produced by Ryan Tedder. OneRepublic has been the number one band on MySpace for over a year, and has been in MySpace Music's Top Artists since early 2006, with over 24 million total song plays and counting. The album was released in the US on November 20, 2007, although the entire album had been leaked on to the internet months before.


Shock Value (Timbaland album)

Shock Value is the second solo studio album by record producer Timbaland. It is his fifth album overall. The album has a long list of guest artists, including Fall Out Boy, Justin Timberlake, The Hives, Keri Hilson, Nelly Furtado, Missy Elliott, 50 Cent, Dr. Dre, OneRepublic, Elton John, Magoo and Nicole Scherzinger.

The album debuted at number 5 on the U.S. "Billboard" 200, with 138,000 copies sold. It debuted at number ten in the United Kingdom. On the week of July 22, it went to number five. The album then reached number two in the UK and number thirteen in France.

The album was certified Platinum in Canada (100,000 units) by the CRIA in August 2007. On the Australian ARIA Albums Chart, "Shock Value" was certified 3x Platinum with sales of 210,000+ copies.

In BBC Radio 1's end of year chart for 2007, "Shock Value" was the ninth most bought album in the UK.

Notes

The Shock Value 2008 Tour was supposed to be Timbaland's concert tour to support his album, "Timbaland Presents: Shock Value". Dates in Australia and New Zealand were announced. However, the tour was canceled one day before it was going to begin due to scheduling conflicts in Europe.

Apologize (song)

"Apologize" is a song released by OneRepublic. It is on their first album, "Dreaming Out Loud". The song charted well around the world. It reached number one in Australia, Austria, Germany, New Zealand, Sweden, Turkey, The Netherlands and the United World Chart. The song has reached the United States and United Kingdom Top 5. It spent thirteen weeks at number one in Canada. It was ranked 15th in the Year End Chart of the United World Chart.


Stop and Stare

"Stop and Stare" is the second single by pop rock band OneRepublic, produced by Greg Wells, from their debut album "Dreaming Out Loud". "Stop and Stare" was released to US radio on November 27, 2007.

Say (All I Need)

"Say (All I Need)" is a song by pop rock band OneRepublic from their debut album "Dreaming Out Loud". The song had a single release on 24 June 2008. It got a lot of high digital download sales after the album's release, and charted, meaning it may be the third single from the album.

Mosley Music Group

Mosley Music Group is a record label created by record producer Tim "Timbaland" Mosley.

Interscope Records

Interscope Records is an American major record label. It is owned by Universal Music Group. 

The label was founded by Jimmy Iovine and Ted Field. It was made as a joint venture with Atlantic Records. One of the main features of the company was weak control over the musicians. This allowed them to freely implement their ideas in creativity. Already in 1993, a year after its founding, the label's profits recouped the $20 million invested in its opening. Until May 2014, the CEO of the company was Iovine, after which he was replaced by John Yanick. 

In 1992, Interscope acquired the exclusive distribution rights for the releases of hip-hop-specialized label Death Row Records, whose artists included Dr. Dre, Snoop Dogg and Tupac Shakur. Later, due to the distribution of the gangsta rap albums by the company, the label was embroiled in great conflict with members of the public. As a result, in 1995 Time Warner, owner of Universal Music Group, severed ties with Interscope, selling 50% of the shares to Field and Iovine for $115 million. In 1996, 50% of the shares were bought for $ 200 million by MCA Music Entertainment Group, later known as Universal Music Group.



Mercy (song)

"Mercy" is a song by pop rock band OneRepublic, from their debut album, "Dreaming Out Loud". The song helped gain the band's popularity on MySpace, and was voted as one of the best songs on MySpace. The song was released as a single in the autumn of 2008 promoting their tour of the UK.

Greg Wells

Greg Wells is a musician and twice Grammy-nominated record producer. He is from Peterborough, Ontario, Canada, and lives and works in Los Angeles. 


The Daylights

The Daylights are an alternative rock band from Los Angeles, California that formed in 2004. The trio is fronted by brothers Ran Jackson and Ricky Jackson, with Svend Lerche on Drums. Best known for their song, "I Hope This Gets To You" that was released in December, 2010 as a virtual “love letter” on YouTube, it was based on a concept they conceived with their roommate for his long distance girlfriend. Within the first 72 hours, the video was viewed over 1.5 million times & every major press outlet had something to say about the phenomenon.
Their self titled album "The Daylights", which was recorded in London and produced by critically acclaimed producer, Youth (Paul McCartney, The Futureheads) was released September 14, 2010 on the band's own label, 87th Floor Records. The album spent 5 weeks on the Billboard Heatseekers Chart. "Rogue Machine" and "I Hope This Gets To You" both reached Top 50 at Hot AC radio, and The Daylights were the only unsigned band in the Top 100. "I Hope This Gets To You" went to #4 on Sirius XM.
The Daylights had three headlining tours in support of their self-titled album, including the "No Reverse Tour" fall 2011. Other tours include long runs with Katy Perry, OneRepublic, NeedtoBreathe, Civil Twilight and The Parlotones.







Los Angeles County, California

Los Angeles County is a county in California and is by far the most populous county in the United States. At the 2020 census, 10,014,009 people lived in the county. Its population is larger than that of 41 individual U.S. states. It is the third-biggest metropolitan economy in the world, with a Nominal GDP of over $700 billion larger than the GDPs of Belgium, Norway, and Taiwan.

The county seat is the City of Los Angeles.

Los Angeles County is one of the first counties of California. It was created at the time of statehood in 1850.

The U.S. Census Bureau says that the county has an area of . Of that, is land and (15%) is water.

Los Angeles County includes San Clemente Island and Santa Catalina Island. They are part of the Channel Islands archipelago off the Pacific Coast.

The 2010 United States Census says that 9,818,605 people lived in Los Angeles County. The people of Los Angeles County were 4,936,599 (50%) White, 1,346,865 (13.7%) Asian, 856,874 (9%) African American, 72,828 (0.7%) Native American, 26,094 (0.3%) Pacific Islander, 2,140,632 (21.8%) from other races, and 438,713 (4.5%) from two or more races.

The county has a lot of Asian Americans. It has the most amount of immigrants who are Burmese, Cambodian, Chinese, Filipino, Indian, Indonesian, Korean, Sri Lankan, Taiwanese, and Thai in the world.

Los Angeles County has a large Latino population. 73% of the Latino population in Los Angeles County is of Mexican heritage, according to 2020 Census estimates. Another 9.6% were of Salvadoran heritage, 6.0% Guatemalan, 3.1% South American, and Honduran 1.3%. The remainder were of Puerto Rican, Cuban, Dominican, other Central American, or other Hispanic/Latino origin in Los Angeles County.
The Public Policy Institute of California estimates that in 2008, Los Angeles County had more than 1/3 of California's undocumented immigrants. They are more than ten percent of the population.

In 2015, there were over 2,000 Christian churches. Most of those churches are Catholic. Roman Catholics are about 40% of the population. 202 Jewish synagogues, 145 Buddhist temples, 48 Muslim mosques, 44 Bahai worship centers, 37 Hindu mandirs, 28 Tenrikyo churches and fellowships, 16 Shinto worship centers, and 14 Sikh gurdwaras are in the county. The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Los Angeles has about 5 million members, and it is the biggest diocese in the United States.

Los Angeles County has voted for the Democratic candidate in most of the presidential elections in the past 40 years. It voted for the Democrat in every election since 1988. However, it did vote twice for Dwight Eisenhower (1952, 1956), Richard Nixon (1968, 1972), and Ronald Reagan (1980, 1984). Nixon and Reagan were from California.

In the United States House of Representatives, Los Angeles County is split between 18 congressional districts: In the California State Senate, Los Angeles County is split between 15 legislative districts: In the California State Assembly, Los Angeles County is split between 24 legislative districts:

The following table includes the number of incidents reported and the rate per 1,000 persons for each type of offense.

Crime in 2008 (reported by the sheriff's office or police)

Crime in 2013

The entertainment and digital media industry are related to Los Angeles County. All six major movie companies Paramount Pictures, 21st Century Fox, Sony, Warner Bros., Universal Pictures, and Walt Disney Studios are in the county.

368,500 people work in high-tech in Los Angeles County. 365,000 people work in manufacturing in Los Angeles County.

These big companies have headquarters in Los Angeles County:

There are 88 incorporated cities in Los Angeles County. The 2016 Estimate says the biggest are:


Lead guitar

Lead guitar means the use of a guitar to perform melody lines, instrumental fills, and solos within a song structure.

In rock and metal bands, the lead guitarist is usually supported by a second guitarist who plays rhythm guitar (chords and riffs). In some rock or metal bands with two guitarists, the two performers may perform as a "guitar tandem", and trade off the lead guitar and rhythm guitar roles, or both guitarists can play the same role ("dual lead guitars" or "dual rhythm guitars").

Musician Lou Reed used an "interlocking" dual guitar style, with the Velvet Underground and on his solo records, where two guitarists would play complementary riffs in different rhythms. The Eagles and other bands also used this style.

Brandi Carlile

Brandi Carlile (born June 1, 1981) is an American singer and songwriter. Carlile's music has been categorized in several genres, including pop, rock, country, indie and folk.


Coburg (district)

Coburg () is a rural district in Upper Franconia in north Bavaria, Germany.

The history of the district is largely influenced by the city of Coburg. From 1826 to 1918, the region was part of the small duchy of Saxe-Coburg-Gotha. After World War I, the Coburg portion of this state decided to join Bavaria. The present district is identical to that portion, but excludes the city of Coburg and the exclave of Königsberg, which is part of Haßberge district. The city of Neustadt was a district-free city until 1972 and was then made part of the district.

The district is located in the hilly country between the Thuringian Slate Mountains and the Main valley.

The arms consist of the blue and white checkered pattern of Bavaria and the arms of the Wettin dynasty of Saxony. These arms represent the historic affiliations to both states.

Prophets of Islam

Prophets in Islam are people who Muslims consider to be chosen by Allah (which is the God in Islam) to guide people. They are called Nabi and Rasul or Mursal. According to Islamic tradition, Allah has sent prophets to every nation. According to Islam, Muhammad was the only messenger sent to convey God's message to all mankind, and all other prophets were sent to one or more specific tribes or nations.

According to Islamic belief, the Prophets are the ones who are guaranteed by Allah to attain Paradise in the Hereafter.

There are many prophets in Islam, of them 25 prophets are mentioned by name in the Qur'an. These are:

Muslims believe in other prophets and/or chosen figures other than those mentioned by name in the Qur'an, such as: Joshua, Samson, Luqman, Caleb, Seth, Daniel, Isaiah, Hosea, Jeremiah, Shem, Benjamin, Khidr, and Dhu al-Qarnayn (traditionally believed to be a reference to Alexander the Great).

According to Sunni tradition, Prophets mentioned in the Quran are also messengers, but not all prophets are messengers.This is proved by Prophet Muhammed (peace be upon him) as he was a prophet and a messenger whilst some prophets were only prophets and not messengers.

To believe in God's messengers (Rusul) means to be convinced that God sent men as guides to fellow human beings and jinn (khalq) to guide them to the truth.

The prophets were sent on this Earth for a purpose. That was to call every one towards the one who created the entire creation. To call everyone towards the one who hears all. The one who sees all. The one who forgives. The most important message was to worship Allah alone and to follow his teachings. All of them, Adam, Nuh, Ibrahim, Ishaaq, Ismail, Musa, Haarun, Dawood, Sulaymaan, Isa, Muhammad, and others invited people to worship Allah alone and not to pray to idols and other false gods. All of the prophets were an example to lead moral, righteous, purpose-driven lives free of doubts and confusions.

Bert Trautmann

Bernhard Carl "Bert" Trautmann, OBE (22 October 1923 – 19 July 2013) was a German footballer. He played from 1949 to 1964 for Manchester City as the keeper. Trautmann was in Germany almost unknown, and never played in the national team of his country. But in Manchester, he was one of the most popular players.

Bert Trautmann was born on 22 October 1923. He began playing football at age 10, when he was 18 he had to go to do his military service for the German Nazi-Regime. The paratrooper was first imprisoned by the Soviet, later by the British army. He did not leave Britain after his release, and became a professional football player.

After some time he joined Manchester City. At first, the fans hated the "Nazi boy", but they soon accepted him. He was a leading goalkeeper for ten years in the English first division (which was then the top division). In the 1956 FA Cup final, it the 75th minute, Trautmann was hit by a Birmingham City player. The crash broke his neck, but Trautmann finished the game. It was often called a medical miracle that Trautmann did not die on that day.

Just a few days Trautmann's medical miracle, his five years old son died in a car crash. In 1950 he had married for the first time, and in 1990 he married again. In 2004 he was honored by Queen Elizabeth II.

Trautmann died on 19 July 2013 from probable heart failure after suffering two previous heart attacks. He was 89 years old.


Colbie Caillat

Colbie Caillat (May 28, 1985) is an American pop music singer and songwriter. She was born in Malibu, California on May 28, 1985. Caillat grew up in Newbury Park, California. She currently lives in Malibu, California. Her song "Brighter than the Sun" was a hit.

659 Nestor

659 Nestor is a Jupiter trojan asteroid orbiting the Sun. Along with the other Jupter trojans in the Greek Camp, it orbits in the same orbit as Jupiter, about 60 degrees ahead of the planet.

It was seen on 30th June 2006 when it occulted TYC 6854-00630. The length of time the occultation lasted (9.52 seconds) equates to a size of at least 109 km diameter.

It was found by Max Wolf in 1908. Its provisional name was 1908 CS.


Trumpet vine

Trumpet vine or trumpet-creeper is a large vine, notable by its showy flowers. "Campsis radicans" (L.)Seem. ex Bureau is native of southeastern US. 


David (disambiguation)

David (name) is a common given name and surname.

David, King of Israel (c. 1011 – 971 BC) is a major character in the Bible and the Koran.

David may also mean:

People:

Art:

Films:

Stone Temple Pilots

Stone Temple Pilots (often called STP) is an American rock band that played in the 1990s and early 2000s. They broke up in 2003 but reformed in 2008. The band has Scott Weiland (vocals), brothers Robert (bass guitar, vocals) and Dean DeLeo (guitar), and Eric Kretz (drums, percussion). The band's five albums have sold more than 17.5 million in the United States alone and more than 30 million albums worldwide. The band had fifteen top ten singles, or songs sold on their own, on the Billboard rock charts, including six #1's, and one #1 album on the pop charts (1994's "Purple"). In 1994, the band won a Grammy for "Best Hard Rock Performance" for their song "Plush". Stone Temple Pilots were also ranked at #40 by VH1 on the 100 Greatest Artists of Hard Rock list. 

The band released the greatest-hits album "Thank You" in 2003. The band then fell apart. Since the band's end, Weiland moved on to become the frontman of Velvet Revolver with former members of Guns N' Roses. The DeLeo brothers started the band Army of Anyone with Richard Patrick from the band Filter. Army of Anyone released its first album in 2006, which was also called "Army of Anyone". Kretz started Bomb Shelter Studios in Los Angeles. 

In 2008, Stone Temple Pilots reformed. They went on a concert tour that began on May 1 and ended on October 30. In a short time, they will return to the studio to record a seventh album.

Scott Weiland and Robert DeLeo met during a concert. They formed a band with two of Scott's friends from Edison High School, Corey Hicock (guitar) and David Allen (drums). They then named their band "Mighty Joe Young" and recorded a demo tape that was completed around 1990. During the recording, they got a call from their lawyer who told them that there was a blues man who had already claimed the name Mighty Joe Young. They changed the band's name to Shirley Temple's Pussy and performed under this name for a short time, but then changed the name again due to record label pressure. They decided to use the initials STP and soon used the name Stone Temple Pilots in 1992.


Urinal deodorizer block

Urinal deodorizer blocks are the small disinfectant blocks found in urinals. There are many other words for them, such as: "piss biscuit", "urinal cake", "urinal mint", or "urinal puck".

The blocks are used to kill germs and take away the bad smell of urinals in public bathrooms. They are put over the urinal drain and evaporate very slowly. Because they do not dissolve or break apart in water, they do not take away the smell of the flushing water or urine. Different blocks are made with different chemicals, like paradichlorobenzene or naphthalene. The block is something scented to smell like different things, such as cherries.

New York Philharmonic

The New York Philharmonic is the oldest symphony orchestra in the United States. It performs most of its concerts at the Avery Fisher Hall in New York.

The orchestra started in 1842. At that time it was called the Philharmonic Society. At its first concert the orchestra played a very long programme which included Beethoven’s "Symphony No. 5" conducted by Ureli Corelli Hill. The musicians worked as a cooperative or "communistic" society. This meant that the musicians themselves made up the rules about how the orchestra should be run: who would become a member, which music would be performed, and who would conduct. At the end of each season they divided any money the orchestra had earned amongst themselves.

The orchestra were a great success, but they needed a new concert hall. They gave a fund-raising concert which included Beethoven's "Symphony No. 9". It was the first time it had ever been played in America. The concert took place in Castle Garden on the southern tip of Manhattan. There were about 400 performers in the orchestra and choir. The words that the choir sings were translated into English. It was the first time this work had been sung in English anywhere in the world. However, the tickets cost a lot of money: US$2.00 each, so not so many people came. It was some time before the orchestra got their concert hall. Many people thought Beethoven's 9th symphony was a strange piece of music because the choir only sing in the last movement which is called "Ode to Joy". In 1865 Theodore Eisfeld conducted the Orchestra’s memorial concert for the recently assassinated Abraham Lincoln, but the last movement was not performed because it was thought that the "Ode to Joy" was not suitable for the sad occasion.

Leopold Damrosch, who had been Franz Liszt's concertmaster at Weimar, was the orchestra’s conductor for the 1876-1877 season. But the public did not like him, so he started his own orchestra: the Symphony Society of New York. When he died in 1885, his 23-year-old son Walter Johannes Damrosch took over and continued the competition with the old Philharmonic. It was Walter who would make the rich Scotsman Andrew Carnegie realize that New York needed a really good concert hall and on May 5, 1891 both Walter and the Russian composer Tchaikovsky conducted at the first concert of the city's new Music Hall. A few years later this new hall was renamed Carnegie Hall after the man who gave the money for it to be built.

Theodore Thomas began conducting the Philharmonic in 1877 and made it a very good orchestra. In 1891 Thomas left New York to found the Chicago Symphony Orchestra.

Anton Seidl conducted the orchestra until 1898. Seidl had worked as Wagner's assistant and was famous for conducting Wagner’s music. He gave the first performance of Antonín Dvořák's Ninth Symphony "From the New World." Many people were sad when Seidl suddenly died in 1898 from food poisoning at the age of 47. Twelve thousand people applied for tickets to his funeral at the Metropolitan Opera House at 39th Street and Broadway and the streets were jammed with people and traffic.

In 1909 the orchestra was organized differently. Instead of a cooperative, they were run by a small group of people called . They persuaded Gustav Mahler to be principal conductor. Instead of 18 concerts a season they gave 54, which included a tour of New England. Mahler was used to conducting opera, but now he could conduct symphonies, and he introduced audiences to his own compositions. During his time the orchestra were given regular salaries for the first time.

Between 1911 and 1920, the Philharmonic's conductor was Josef Stransky, who led every single one of the orchestra's concerts during this period.

When the Philharmonic joined together with the National Symphony in 1921, they had the Dutch conductor Willem Mengelberg. He stayed there for nine years, although other conductors, including Bruno Walter, Wilhelm Furtwängler, Igor Stravinsky, and Arturo Toscanini, led about half the concerts. They started to have an outdoor symphony series, playing low-priced summer concerts at Lewisohn Stadium in upper Manhattan. In 1920 the orchestra hired Henry Hadley as "associate conductor" to perform concerts which included works by American composers.

In 1924, the Young People's Concerts were started, and soon grew to 15 concerts per season by the end of the 1920s. They started to make recordings. In 1928 they joined together with another orchestra, the New York Symphony Society. Toscanini conducted the newly organized orchestra, and continued until 1936.

The English conductor John Barbirolli and the Pole Artur Rodzinski, were joint replacements for Toscanini in 1936. The next year Barbirolli was made the main conductor, a post he held until the spring of 1941. In 1943, Rodzinski became conductor. He had also been conducting on the Sunday afternoon radio broadcast when CBS listeners around the country heard the announcer break in on Arthur Rubinstein's performance of Brahms's Second Piano Concerto to tell them about the attack on Pearl Harbor.

Artur Rodzinski, Bruno Walter, and Sir Thomas Beecham made a series of recordings with the Philharmonic for Columbia Records during the 1940s.

Leopold Stokowski and Dimitri Mitropoulos were the orchestra’s two conductors in 1949, with Mitropoulos becoming conductor in 1951. Mitropoulos often conducted new music and music that was not well known. In 1957, Mitropoulos and Leonard Bernstein served together as Principal Conductors until, in the course of the season, Bernstein was made conductor, becoming the first American-born-and-trained conductor of the Philharmonic.

Leonard Bernstein was Music Director for 11 seasons. Many new things happened during this time. Two television series were started on CBS: the "Young People's Concerts" and "Leonard Bernstein and the New York Philharmonic." The first of these started in 1958. It was a new idea and it won every award for educational television. Bernstein continued the orchestra's recordings with Columbia Records until he retired as music director in 1969. He got lots of composers, especially American composers such as Aaron Copland, to write new works for the orchestra.
In 1971 Pierre Boulez became the first Frenchman to have the job of conductor of the Philharmonic. Boulez had new ideas about music to be performed. He was a composer himself and often performed modern music.

Zubin Mehta became conductor in 1978. He, too, conducted a lot of new music. 
Kurt Masur, who had often been conducting the Philharmonic since 1981, became conductor in 1991. During his time he included a series of free Memorial Day Concerts at the Cathedral of St. John the Divine and annual concert tours abroad that included the orchestra's first trip to mainland China. His stayed until 2002, and was then given the honorary title “Music Director Emeritus of the Philharmonic”.

On 26 February 2008 the Philharmonic gave a concert in Pyongyang in North Korea. It was the first time since the end of the Korean War in 1953 that there had been an important cultural visit from the United States to North Korea.

In September 2002, 60 years after conducting the Orchestra at the age of twelve at Lewisohn Stadium, Lorin Maazel became conductor of the Philharmonic. In his first subscription week he conducted the first ever performance of John Adams' "On the Transmigration of Souls". This work had been composed in memory of those who lost their lives on September 11, 2001. He performed new music as well as music of the well-known composers. He stayed with the orchestra until the end of the 2008-2009 season.


Cyrtodactylus phongnhakebangensis

Cyrtodactylus phongnhakebangensis (Vietnamese: "Thằn lằn Phong Nha-Kẻ Bàng") is a type of gecko native to Phong Nha-Ke Bang National Park, Quang Binh province, Bac Trung Bo, Vietnam. It was found and described in 2002.


Philip II of Macedon

Philip II was an ancient king of Macedonia. He ruled from 359 BC to 336 BC. He was the father of the emperor Alexander the Great, who was born in 356 BC. Philip united all of Ancient Greece. He would either bring a city-state into his hegemony with his military or he would talk/bribe the leaders into joining his empire. It was under his reign in 338 BC at Chaeronea against Athens that Alexander first showed his military genius. Philip was assassinated by one of his bodyguards, at the celebration of the wedding of his daughter. Alexander soon carried out Philip's plan to attack the Persian Empire.

Lake Enriquillo

Lake Enriquillo is a lake in western Dominican Republic, near the border with Haiti. Its Taíno name was "Hagueygagon" but, in colonial times, it had the name "Jaragua Lake". 
It is in the "Hoya de Enriquillo" valley, a long valley between the "Sierra de Neiba", to the north, and the "Sierra de Bahoruco", to the south.

The lake has an area of 265 km², and its surface is around 44 meters below sea level, the lowest point in the Caribbean. There are three small islands in the lake: Isla Cabritos, Barbarita, and La Islita.

Only small rivers flow into the lake. The rivers that flow from the Sierra de Neiba always have water. Those rivers that flow from the Sierra de Bahoruco sometimes do not have water.

It is a salt water lake with a higher concentration of salt than the sea water because the rivers that flow into the lake are small and the evaporation of its water is high.

Many water birds visit the lake to feed, including flamingos. There are also American crocodiles and some fishes as tilapia. Because it is an arid region, the vegetation around the lake is poor with cacti and small shrubs.

The lake is part of the "Lago Enriquillo e Isla Cabritos National Park" and of the "Jaragua - Bahoruco - Enriquillo Biosphere Reserve".

The main cities on the coast (or very near) of the lake are:

Nebuchadnezzar II

Nebuchadnezzar II (about 642 BC – 562 BC) was king of the Neo-Babylonian Empire, and reigned ~605 BC – 562 BC.

According to the Bible, he conquered Judah and Jerusalem, and sent the Jews into exile. He is featured in the Book of Daniel and is mentioned in several other books of the Bible. He (allegedly) destroyed Solomon's Temple.

He is said to have built the Hanging Gardens of Babylon. The king built the hanging gardens in attempt to please his wife. His kingdom had a great flow of trade and prosperity. However, some scholars argue that the Gardens may have been constructed by the Assyrian king Sennacherib in his capital city, Nineveh.

Orthopedic cast

Orthopedic casts are casts made of plaster that cover a limb to hold a broken bone in place while it heals. Doctors use casts of fiberglass currently. In early times, people often used splints to help heal broken bones. It is thought that orthopedic casts came about from splints.

Battle of Patay

The Battle of Patay (18 June 1429) was an important battle in the Hundred Years' War between the French and the English in north-central France. The French won and the English lost badly, historical accounts report that the English army was four times as large as the French army. Many men in the English longbow corps died. Many English leaders of the battle were killed or taken prisoner. This battle changed the course of the war and made the French more powerful. Joan of Arc was the head of the battle leading the French and was the reason that the French won the battle and the Hundred Years' War.

Battletoads (1991 video game)

Battletoads is a fighting video game by Rare Ltd. where the players play as toads that fight.

The game offers gameplay changes as the player battles with toads, fights with frogs or attack other amphibians.

Battle of Crécy

The Battle of Crécy happened on 26 August 1346 near Crécy in northern France, and was one of the most important battles of the Hundred Years' War. The smaller English army won against the much larger French army. New tactics and weapons make this an important battle in the history of warfare because the English used longbows to win against French knights. The longbow was a faster weapon to fire than the French and Genoan crossbow and could send arrows farther than the crossbow could and with more force. Before this battle during the Middle Ages, knights had been the most important part of an army. Because of this change some historians call this battle the beginning of the end of chivalry.

In the battle, the French knights, protected by chain mail reinforced with metal plate, were nearly exhausted by charging several miles into the battle (against their king's wishes). Their horses had to walk through deep mud and charge up a hill into English and Welsh arrow storm. They were cut down. Many French nobles died.
The knights' horses were barely protected at all. The storm of arrows killed or disabled the knights' mounts, and left the knights floundering in the mud on foot beneath a hail of arrows.

The bolts (heavy arrows) of the Genoese crossbowmen at the forefront of the battle could not reach the English. They fell short because the crossbow strings were wet. The archers had also misjudged the range and shot too early and too low. The English, controlling the high ground, were able to run a short distance down the hill and pick off the Genoese with volleys of arrows. As the Genoese attempted to retreat, they were cut down by the French knights, who thought the withdrawal was cowardly. This wasted the first charge of French cavalry, and left them disorganized for the charge on the English.

In a very strong defensive position, Edward III ordered that everyone fight on foot. He split the army in three divisions, one commanded by his sixteen-year-old son, Edward, the Black Prince. The archers were set in a 'V-formation' along the top of the hill. While they waited, the English built a system of ditches, pits and caltrops, to hurt and bring down the enemy cavalry.


102 (number)

102 (also written as CII or one hundred [and] two) is a number. It is after 101 and before 103, and is even. 102 is divisible by 1, 2, 3, 6, 17, 34, 51, and 102.

Coffea

Coffea (coffee) is a genus of flowering plants in the family Rubiaceae. Out of about 120 species, we make coffee from only two, "Coffea arabica" and "C. canephora".

"Coffea" are shrubs or small trees, native to subtropical Africa and southern Asia. The seeds are called "beans" in the coffee trade. Beans from the two productive species are widely cultivated in tropical countries. Coffee is one of the world's major commodity crops and is the major export product of some countries.

The caffeine in coffee "beans" protects the seeds of the plant. It is a form of natural plant defense against herbivory. The fruits and leaves also contain caffeine, and can be used to make a tea called 'Coffee cherry tea'. The fruit is also used in many types of soft drink.

Several insect pests attack the plants and affect coffee production. 
Coffee is used as a food plant by the larvae of some Lepidoptera (butterfly and moth) species.

in Europe Coffee entered Europe through two routes, through land trade of the Ottoman Empire and through sea trade, from the ports of Yemen and the Horn of Africa. Was.

It was also raised in this country. Around 1650 AD, coffee was imported to England and coffeehouses were established in Oxford and London.

The cultivation of coffee plant in England started from the same time, but pests and the cold weather of the region destroyed the coffee plants and the British had to turn to tea cultivation instead of coffee cultivation, first in Europe to coffee as a drink. Muslims were viewed with suspicion, but it is said that around the year 1600, Pope Clement VIII enjoyed a cup of coffee so much that he considered its monopoly in the hands of Muslims as a great mistake and demanded to "baptize" it. Coffee drinking in Austria increased dramatically after the defeat of the siege of Vienna in 1683 and the confiscation of their large coffee reserves.

Before the beginning of the 18th century, the use of coffee drinks was common throughout Europe. European countries introduced this plant to tropical regions so that these countries can cultivate and mass produce coffee plants. In Europe, like the Middle East and Greater Iran, coffeehouses became a place for socializing, studying and exchanging opinions on current issues. Another similarity was the possibility of turning them into a gathering place for undesirable elements and vandals. Charles II, King of England, introduced coffeehouses as "places for traitors to meet, and to spread vulgar gossip about his Majesty and his ministers." In the 18th century, the famous Paris coffee house, Café Procope, had regular customers such as Mara, Danton and Robespierre who planned the revolution there during the French Revolution 


Arthur Schlesinger Jr

Arthur Meier Schlesinger, Jr., born Arthur Bancroft Schlesinger (October 15, 1917 – February 28, 2007), was an American historian and social critic. He was awarded the Pulitzer Prize. His work explored the liberalism of American political leaders, especially that of Franklin D. Roosevelt, John F. Kennedy, and Robert F. Kennedy. He served as Special Assistant and Court Historian to the President in John F. Kennedy's administration. He wrote a lot about the Kennedy administration. These writings have the title "A Thousand Days". 

When the United States thought about invading Cuba at the Bay of Pigs, he was one of only two people who opposed the invasion. The other was William Fulbright. Schlesinger sat silent, except for a private memorandum to the president. He did this, because he did not want to undermine the President's desire for a unanimous decision. 

When it had become clear the invasion had failed, Schlesinger later wrote: "In the months after the Bay of Pigs, I bitterly reproached myself for having kept so silent during those crucial discussions in the cabinet room ... I can only explain my failure to do more than raise a few timid questions by reporting that one's impulse to blow the whistle on this nonsense was simply undone by the circumstances of the discussion."

Schlesinger contributed many things to liberal theory. He was mostly for the kind of liberalism Kennedy did. He was admired for his wit, scholarship, and devotion to delineating the history and nature of liberalism. Since 1990 he had been a critic of multiculturalism.

He popularized the term "imperial presidency" during the Nixon administration by writing the book "The Imperial Presidency".

Vu Quang National Park

Vu Quang National Park is a national park in Ha Tinh Province, Bac Trung Bo, Vietnam. Saola and "Muntiacus vuquangensis" are a species found in this park. Vu Quang National park has a high mountainous topography, which is separated from the surrounding. It has a tropical climate that is a good condition for the growth of animals and plants. This is a precinct virgin forest that is remained in Vietnam and is a value ecology for economy, scientific and landscape.

Bae Yong-joon

Bae Young Joon is an actor from Seoul. He became popular in Japan on the hit Korean drama, "A Winter Tale". He was born on August 29, 1972.
He is known for being handsome. He stars in another Korean history drama, "Tae Wang Sa Shin Gi", which is popular in both Korea and Japan.




Urban districts of Germany

In Germany an Urban District ( is a large town or city that is responsible for its own local government. Germany is divided into 429 districts. 313 are rural districts ("Landkreise", see List of German rural districts) and 116 urban districts ("Kreisfreie Städte" / "Stadtkreise") which are listed below.

It is not part of a rural district, or county ().

In some states, there is another level of government, the Regierungsbezirk or governmental district. Several urban and rural districts are joined together to make a regierungsbezirk, which does some of their jobs, especially things in land-use planning which can affect several districts.

They are the equivalent of an independent city in the United States or unitary authority in the United Kingdom.

¹ "following the "Göttingen Law" of January 1 1964, the town of Göttingen is incorporated into the district ("Landkreis") of Göttingen, but the rules on urban districts still apply, as long as no other rules exist."
² "following the "Law on the region of Hannover", Hannover counts since November 1 2001 as an urban district as long as no other rules apply."

There are no longer any urban districts. The town of Saarbrücken used to be an urban district but became incorporated into the Saarbrücken Town Federation on January 1 1974.

The urban districts of Görlitz, Hoyerswerda, Plauen und Zwickau lost their status as „Kreisfreie Stadt“ on 1st July 2008 in a reform of Saxony's districts.


Tel Megiddo

Megiddo () is a hill in Israel. It is near the modern settlement of Megiddo, and is known for theological, historical and geographical reasons. 

In ancient times, Megiddo was an important city-state. It is also known alternatively as Tel Megiddo (Hebrew) and Tell al-Mutesellim (Arabic). According to some interpretations of the Christian Bible, this will be the place for Armageddon (that derives from the name's place in Hebrew) or the final battle between the forces of light led by Jesus Christ and the forces of darkness led by Satan or the Anti-Christ after the "End of Days".

Megiddo is a "tel" (hill or mound) made of 26 layers of the ruins of ancient cities in a strategic location at the head of a pass through the Carmel Ridge, which overlooks the Valley of Jezreel from the west.

Neo-Babylonian Empire

The Neo-Babylonian Empire or Second Babylonian Empire (also known as Chaldea) refers Babylonia during the 11th, or Chaldean, dynasty. The old empire was torn apart by civil wars in the middle 7th Century BC. "Chaldea" meant the southern part of Babylonia, until a Chaldean became the king of Babylon.

This new dynasty ruled between 626 BC when Nabopolassar rebelled against Assyria, till 539 BC when Cyrus the Great captured the city of Babylon. The king Nebuchadnezzar II ruled this kingdom from 605 BC - 562 BC.


CornerShot

CornerShot is a special-use weapon that can fire around corners. It was first made in the early 2000s for SWAT teams and special forces in situations usually involving terrorists and hostages.

Its designers were two former Israeli Army senior officers. It was made with money invested by American investors. It has several different types. So far, the types made are the Standard, the 40 mm grenade launcher, the APR, and an Anti-tank version. It works because its many parts are either on the front or the back end, which are linked by a steel hinge. It is manufactured by Corner Shot Holdings, LLC, a company in Miami with offices in Israel. Units have been sold in 15 countries. The CornerShot was recently evaluated by the UK Ministry of Defence.

The CornerShot is available in several different types. A standard pistol version is available, along with a 40 mm grenade launcher. Because they are fitted with very good digital cameras, any type can also be used as a tool to spy with. All the models come with the same camera and 2.5 inch color LCD screen. this provides video and a sighting system with transmission capability. The flashlight and camera let it work in either day or night. A variety of cameras, as well as a folding stocks, are available. An accessory rail is standard.

The standard CornerShot can put a normal semi-automatic pistol in the front part of the weapon. It has a remote linkage to the trigger mechanism in the rear part. The mechanism has a trigger pull of 21 newtons (4.7 lbf). It is 820 millimetres (32.67 in) long, with a weight of 3.86 kilograms (8.5 lb).

The 40 mm Grenade Launcher is a breech-loading, single shot grenade launcher. Manually operated, or it can only fire one round at a time. It fires all 40 mm grenades, less-deadly and non-deadly ammunition (or what a gun fires), and tear/irritant gas capsules (the container in a liquid or gas is stored). Spent ammunition is ejected for easier reloading. The same system is available in 37 mm size for police. The 40 mm model has a rifling of 1:1.224, is 900 mm long, and weighs 4.4 kg (9.5 lb). The muzzle velocity is 74.7 m/s (M-406 grenade). Its range for normal fire, single target is 150 meters. For area coverage, with fragmentation munitions, or ammunition that blows apart when it hits its target, is 350 meters.

The Assault Pistol Rifle mounts an assault pistol in the front part of the weapon to allow the use of rifle bullets. It fires 5.56 mm ammunition. The APR pistol can be removed from the CornerShot frame.

It was first shown at the Eurosatory 2004 military trade show in Paris. The model for use against armored vehicles is designed to fire Panzerfaust anti-tank rockets. It can turn 90 degrees instead of the standard 60 degrees.

In the standard version a pistol is mounted in the front end of the weapon, which bends horizontally (like a door does) at a mid-gun sixty-degree hinge. There is a digital camera and a flashlight attached to the barrel in the bayonet position. On the butt side of the hinge are the trigger, camera screen (which is on a horizontal hinge just like the mid-gun hinge but it is off of the left side of the gun), and controls for the camera and light.

The Krummlauf was a bent barrel designed for the Sturmgewehr 44. It was used by Germans in World War II. It allowed for looking and firing around corners with its 30 degree barrel and a periscope-style sight.



Local government in Germany

There are five levels of government in Germany. The lowest two levels of the German government are called local government. The five levels of German government are all legally independent. This means that each level of government has a separate job in Germany. The German constitution (the Grundgesetz) lists the five levels of government and says what each level should do.

The five levels are:

Some states have "Regierungsbezirke" which are a group of counties and cities in an area to help run certain tasks across the area.

Other states have "Ämte" which is a collection of municipalities (local governments) in a district. They might do this if the local governments are too small to run some local services.

Regierungsbezirke and Ämte are not guaranteed by the constitution, they are a way of helping the various levels of government to do their job.

The idea of subsidiarity means that government jobs should be done by the lowest possible level.

There are two types of tasks (jobs) for a municipality. "Voluntary" which a town or municipality can do if it wants, and "mandatory", which are things that a federal or state law says the local government has to do.

Setting up a theatre, a museum, a sports field or a meeting hall is a voluntary task. If the local government can afford to set these things up, the "Land" (state) cannot stop them. Also the "Land" (state) cannot order the local government to set these things up.

The mandatory self-government tasks are things which a local government must do itself, or must get someone else to do for it. For example, one of the most important jobs of any local government is to prove its citizens (people who live there) with water, electricity, heating, and gas, as well as wastewater services and waste removal.

A council could run its own waterworks or join with others to share a larger facility. Modern electricity supply means that a council does not have to run their own power station anymore. But they must help private companies get the electricity supply to local houses and factories.

Although the Federation or state might have the right to control some things, the idea of subsidiarity means that they are "administered" (carried out) at the lowest possible level. For example, marriage ceremonies and issuing birth and death certificates are arranged by the town registrar, the Federation and the Land arrange legal and expert supervision so that the task is done properly and is the same across Germany.

Other transferred tasks include:


Who runs the town or district government depends on where in Germany the town is.

The town council, or town council meeting is responsible for all jobs not given to the "magistrat". The magistrat is the executive responsible for administering services. It is chosen by the town council, and can have both professional and honorary members. The mayor is head of the magistrate, but not of the town council meeting. The mayor is chosen separately by the people not the council. the system is only used in Hesse. It is the oldest system, and the only system where a group of elected people are responsible for the administration, instead of just one, the mayor.

The mayor is head of the council and the administration.

Power is split between the mayor and the town clerk. The mayor has some functions, but day-to-day administration is done by the professional town clerk.

Used in Bavaria and the old eastern länder. The mayor is elected by the people, and he heads the council and the town government. The council is responsible for nearly all decisions. Some decisions are taken by the mayor. The council may give some of its tasks to the mayor, in which case they cannot change they have a really good government


Aguascalientes

Aguascalientes is a state in Mexico that is in the center of the country. Its state capital is the city of Aguascalientes. The state's name means "hot waters" in Spanish. People gave it this name because there are many hot springs in the area. The adjective for Aguascalientes is "hidrocálido", because "hidro" means water and "cálido" means hot.

Vicksburg, Mississippi

Vicksburg is the 20th-largest city in the U.S. state of Mississippi. It is the seat of the County of Warren. It is the only city in the county. It is a riverport on the east bank of the Mississippi River. It is most famous for the American Civil War battle fought there, in which the Union won. It is the county seat of Warren Country, Mississippi. In 2020, the population (the number of people living there) was 25,740.


Chrysler Building

The Chrysler Building is a skyscraper in New York City, United States. It is 1,046 feet (319 m) tall and has 77 floors. It was built in 1931 and is one of the tallest buildings in the world.

The Chrysler Building was the tallest building in the world from 1930 to 1931. Before it was built, the tallest building in the world was the Bank of the Manhattan Company Building, now called The Trump Building. The Empire State Building became the tallest one year later. The Chrysler Building is still the tallest brick building in the world.

The Chrysler Building was also the tallest structure in the world from 1930 to 1931. Before it was built, the tallest structure in the world was Eiffel Tower. The Empire State Building became the tallest within a year later.



Mendelian inheritance

Mendelian inheritance is a set of rules about genetic inheritance.
The basic rules of genetics were first discovered by a monk named Gregor Mendel in the 1850s, and published in 1866. For thousands of years, people had noticed how traits are inherited from parents to their children. However, Mendel's work was different because he did experiments on plants, and designed those experiments very carefully.

In his experiments, Mendel studied how traits were passed on in pea plants. He started his crosses with plants that bred true, and counted characters that were either/or in nature (either "tall" or "short"). He bred large numbers of plants, and expressed his results numerically. He used test crosses to reveal the presence and proportion of recessive characters.

Mendel's laws apply widely, but not to all living things. They apply to any organism which is diploid (has two paired sets of chromosomes) and which engages in sexual reproduction. They would not apply to bacteria, for example, or to asexual reproduction. They do apply to the great majority of plants and animals.

Mendel explained the results of his experiment using two scientific laws:

Mendel's laws explained the results he got with his pea plants. Later, geneticists discovered that his laws were also true for other living things, even humans. Mendel's findings from his work on the garden pea plants helped to establish the field of genetics. His contributions were not limited to the basic rules that he discovered. Mendel's care towards controlling experiment conditions along with his attention to his numerical results set a standard for future experiments.



Altenburger Land

Altenburger Land is a rural district in Thuringia, Germany.

The city of Altenburg and the surrounding land were the tiny duchy of Saxe-Altenburg from 1826 to 1918; afterwards it was a state within the Weimar Republic for a short time, before it was dissolved in 1922 in order to join the state of Thuringia.

The district in its present borders was started in 1922 as "Altenburg". In 1952 districts was split in two, called Altenburg and Schmölln. They were joined up again in 1994, but called "Altenburger Land".

Altenburger Land is the easternmost district of Thuringia. It is a mainly agricultural region.


WWF

WWF may stand for:

Tennessee River

The Tennessee River is a tributary, or a river that flows into, the Ohio River. Its path makes a crescent. It starts in eastern Tennessee before entering Alabama. After entering Alabama it goes north and for a few miles, forms the boundary between Alabama and Mississippi. Then it flows through Tennessee and Kentucky, where it joins with the Ohio River at the city of Paducah. The watershed for the Tennessee River includes parts of the states of Virginia, Kentucky, Tennessee, North Carolina, Georgia, Alabama, and Mississippi.



Woolworth Building

The Woolworth Building is a skyscraper in New York City, United States. It is 241 meters (792 feet) tall and has 57 floors. It was built in 1913 and is one of the tallest buildings in the world.

A businessman named Frank Winfield Woolworth wanted the building to be built for his business, F. W. Woolworth Company. It was created by an architect named Cass Gilbert. The building was called "the Cathedral of Commerce," which means it was like a church of business.

The Woolworth Building was the tallest building in the world from 1913 to 1930. Before it was built, the tallest building in the world was the Metropolitan Life Insurance Company Tower. The Bank of the Manhattan Company Building (now named The Trump Building) became the tallest twenty-seven years later.



Keystroke logging

A keylogger is a piece of software or computer hardware which records keystrokes on a computer. Its most common use is in spyware to obtain passwords and credit card details. The government sometimes uses keyloggers to break encryption and to spy on wrong-doers.

Metropolitan Life Insurance Company Tower

The Metropolitan Life Insurance Company Tower (also called the Met Life Tower) is a skyscraper in New York City, United States. It is 213 meters (700 feet) tall and has 50 floors. It was built in 1909.

The Metropolitan Life Insurance Company Tower was the tallest building in the world from 1909 to 1913. Before it was built, the tallest building in the world was the Singer Building. The Woolworth Building became the tallest four years later.


KLM

KLM Royal Dutch Airlines is an airline that is a part of Air France-KLM. It is based in Amsterdam, Netherlands. It has flights that stay in Netherlands and other flights that go world-wide. KLM goes to 90 different places and its main airport or hub is Amsterdam Schiphol Airport. Before KLM combined with Air France, KLM was the main airline of the Netherlands. KLM is the world's oldest airline with its original name. In September 2014, KLM had around 32,000 people working for it. 


Kentucky River

The Kentucky River is a river in the state of Kentucky. It is a tributary of, or flows into, the Ohio River and is 259 miles long. The city of Frankfort is located on the Kentucky River. It is formed at Beattyville, Kentucky, which is in Lee County, which is where the North and South Forks come together.

The river is formed in eastern Kentucky at Beattyville, in Lee County, when the North, Middle and South Forks meet at about 670 feet (204 m). The river flows generally northwest, and is highly meandering in the mountains. It then flows through Daniel Boone National Forest, then past Irvine and Boonesborough, then southwest, passing south of Lexington, then north through Frankfort. It joins the Ohio at Carrollton.

Approximately 15 mi (25 km) southwest of Boonesborough it is joined by the Red River. About 20 mi (30 km) southwest of Boonesborough it is joined by Silver Creek. At High Bridge, it is joined by the Dix River. At Frankfort, it is joined by Benson Creek. 10 mi north of Frankfort, Elkhorn Creek flows into the river.

Between Clays Ferry in Madison County and Frankfort, the river passes through the Kentucky River Palisades. The latter is a series of steep gorges approximately 100 mi (160 km) in length.

According to Robert F. Collins of the United States Forest Service, Dr. Thomas Walker named the river, in 1750, Louisa River, after Princess Louisa, the wife of Prince William Augustus, Duke of Cumberland. Later, the name Louisa became Levisa and shifted to the nearby stream today called Levisa Fork River.

Singer Building

The Singer Building was a skyscraper in New York City, United States. It was 213 meters (700 feet) tall and had 50 floors. It was built in 1908 and torn down in 1968 to make room for the U.S. Steel Building (now One Liberty Plaza). The Singer Building was the tallest building ever demolished by a company.

The Singer Building was the tallest building in the world from 1908 to 1909. Before it was built, the tallest building in the world was Philadelphia City Hall. The Metropolitan Life Insurance Company Tower became the tallest one year later.


Maurizio Giuliano

Maurizio Giuliano (born 1975) is an Italian jounalist, writer and traveller. In 2004, he was in the Guinness Book of World Records as the youngest person who has been to all the countries in the world. In 2006/2007, he worked for the UN.

Maurizio Giuliano was born on 24 February 1975 in Milan, Italy, with a lawyer as a father and a housewife as a mother. He lived in Cuba, Chile, and Indonesia, among other countries. As of 2004, he knew eight languages according to one source, while another source specified that he "spoke" five and had a "passion" for two more.

He went to school in Milan and Manchester, and then studied at the University of Oxford in 1996 and the University of Cambridge in 1997. At Oxford, he studied at University College to know about Oxford's inter-disciplinary course in "Philosophy, Politics, and Economics" (PPE), especially Latin America and eastern Europe.

As of 1998, he was a research fellow at the Centre for Social Studies (CESOC) in Santiago, Chile.

He wrote two books and some articles on Cuban politics, especially on the US embargo (which usually stops Americans from doing business with Cubans), which he thinks (in the book ""La Transición Cubana y el "Bloqueo" Norteamericano"" and other works) is not good.

In an article published in the British academic journal "Democratization" in 1998, he focused in particular on how the US embargo against Cuba helps create "empathy" by third parties towards Cuba, so that Cubans think it is support for Cuba's government. So he argued that the US Government – in addition to the embargo's direct influence on supporting Cuba's regime – indirectly interferes with the possibility of improving Cuba. That is because third countries, foreign non-governmental organizations and prominent individuals lend support to Cuba's resistance to the US embargo, and this offsets external pressures for democracy, thereby allowing the Cuban regime to convert such "empathy" into a source of legitimacy at home.

His scholarly work on internal Cuban politics, notably on the 1996 purge of Havana's Centre for American Studies (CEA) (contained in the book ""El Caso CEA"" published in 1998), has been the object of academic reviews, as it exposed the internal conflicts between Cuba's political apparatus and the country's intelligentsia (most intelligent people), previously unknown.
According to some reviews, the book, a work of investigative journalism helped by academic analysis, dealt a strong blow to hard-liners within the regime,
by exposing for the first time the internal conflicts between Cuba's apparatus and its intelligentsia.
In 2001, Cuban exiled scholars Alberto Álvarez and Gerardo González, who were among those purged from the CEA, wrote the book ""¿ Intelectuales vs. Revolución ? El caso del Centro de Estudios sobre América"", which strongly built upon Giuliano's book to offer further insights on relations between Cuba's political apparatus and the country's intellectuals.

Besides work on Cuba, other countries Giuliano covered in his journalistic work include East Timor and Myanmar (formerly known as Burma).

In 2000, he visited North Korea and published an essay about his visit, essentially describing his tour around the country as being like a movie made by the North Korean authorities.

In his journalistic work, he reportedly ran into problems with the authorities of at least two countries. In 1998, he was denied entry to Myanmar after making contact with the National League for Democracy and taking photos of its leader Aung San Suu Kyi. And on 30 October 2002, he was reportedly detained and manhandled by Israeli authorities while crossing the Allenby Bridge.

Giuliano's writings have also included lighter topics. During his time in Kabul, for example, he wrote restaurant reviews for a local English-language magazine.
In the early 2000s, Giuliano was a consultant for the Italian Senate's Committee on Human Rights. At that time, at least some of his writings were also intended to influence the positions of the Italian Government on certain human rights issues, as was the case with material that he wrote on North Korea.

In 2004, Giuliano worked for the International Organization for Migration in the elections for Afghan refugees in Pakistan,
and in 2005 worked in Afghanistan for the United Nations Development Programme.
In both cases, he was working in the field of communications with the media.

Between 2006 and 2008, he served with the United Nations, again in the field of media relations, in the Central African Republic,
Sudan,
Chad,
and Cameroon following the refugee crisis caused by the battle of N'Djamena of February 2008.
According to the Guinness Book, through his work, he had travelled to every single sovereign country in the world (which totalled 193 according to the Guinness Book) by 20 February 2004, aged 28 years and 361 days. He claimed that he had visited a total of up to 238 territories (including the 193 sovereign countries recognized by Guinness), and stated that the Democratic People's Republic of Korea (North Korea) had been the hardest country to get into, after numerous attempts and long waits to get a visa.

He started travelling at age 14, and believes that, as of 2004, he had travelled at least two million miles, including on the Trans-Siberian Railway and through 11 round-the-world air journeys. Some of his earliest journeys were to Albania and Sierra Leone in 1991, aged 16, and to Mongolia in 1992 for their national festivities Naadam. Most of his later travels were related to his journalistic work.

On 20 February 2004 he visited Suriname, thereby completing his visit to all sovereign nations of the world. He held a press conference there on 24 February, where he stated that he had chosen Suriname to complete his record, as the country had always fascinated him due to its richness and variety in cultures and ethnicities.
He then travelled from Suriname to London, with 42 passports (of which 30 were Italian and 12 British) filled with immigration stamps, in order to prove his record to Guinness World Records.

He claimed that most of his travels were unrelated to the record, and that only since 2001, on the suggestion of friends, did he have the Guinness Record in mind when planning his travels. In explaining his record, however, he stated that he might have an "addiction to crossing borders".


Aang

Aang is a fictional character and the main hero in Nickelodeon's television series "". The character was made by Michael Dante DiMartino and Bryan Konietzko and voiced by Zach Tyler Eisen. He has a part in all the episodes of "Avatar", except "Zuko Alone" (7th episode of ). Aang is also in the first episode, "The Boy In The Iceberg". Aang appears in other media, like trading cards (a card that is collected), video games, T-shirts, and web comics.

Aang is the last Airbender. They were the only race of people who could control the air. He is 112 years old. He has not become older because he had been frozen in an iceberg for 100 years, and is still like a 12 year old, because he used Avatar State to protect himself and his bison. In the second show, it is discovered that Aang is the living form of the Avatar. This is the spirit of the planet in human form. As the Avatar, Aang controls the elements and must keep the Four Nations at peace. The show follows Aang's journeys to do this.

Most of Aang's habits, such as vegetarianism, are based on Buddhist and Taoist tradition. Aang is the series' unwilling hero. He shows hesitation when joining his friends to save the world from the Fire Nation. His "lighthearted" personality has been praised by critics. The creators wanted Aang to "win enemies with his wits" and be a "trickster hero".

Aang's character was created by Bryan Konietzko. The sketch showed a middle-aged man with an arrow on his head. Konietzko changed the character into a picture of a child with a flying bison. At the same time, Michael Dante DiMartino was interested in a documentary about explorers trapped in the South Pole. The idea caused the pair to think:
The plot they described relates with the first and second episodes of the series, where the "water people" (Katara and Sokka) find the "air guy" (Aang) while "trapped in a snowy wasteland" (the Southern Water Tribe) with "some fire people [that] are pressing down on them" (Fire Navy and Zuko). The creators of the show made Aang to be frozen in an iceberg for 1000 years. He was to wake inside a futuristic world, where he would have a robot named Momo and a flying bison named Appa. The creators lost interest in the theme, and changed it to 100 years of suspended animation. The robotic Momo was changed to a flying lemur, and the herd of bison was reduced to one.

Aang's character has a well grown cultural belief. According to the show's creators, ""Avatar" based on the belief of Buddhism and Taoism." A important part of the character is his vegetarian diet, regular with Buddhism or Taoism. In the Brahmajala Sutra, a Buddhist code of ethics, vegetarianism is encouraged. In "The King of Omashu" (the 5th episode of first season), Aang shows his vegetarian beliefs by refusing to eat meat. Aang shows a reluctance to fight and an dislike of killing. In "The Spirit World (Winter Solstice, Part 1)", Aang gets into a fight with an angry spirit who is destroying a village because the people burned his home (one forest). Instead of fighting the spirit, Aang talks with it. 

Airbending, the element that Aang mainly uses in the show, is based on Baguazhang, an "internal" Chinese martial art. This fighting style focuses on circular movements, and does not have many finishing moves. These characteristics were meant to show the unpredictability of air and the peaceful nature of Airbenders in the show.<ref name="avatar2/index.jhtml"></ref>

In the episode "Tales of Ba Sing Se" (the 15th episode of ), Aang’s name was written as (ān áng) in Chinese.

The creators of the show call each a "book" and each episode a "chapter"; each of these books was take the name of element that Aang must control, except the air. Flashbacks also reveal events that happened before the show opened. In a flashback during "The Storm", Aang remembered the day when elder monks told him that he was the Avatar. Monk Gyatso, Aang's teacher and father-figure, said that Aang must be raised as a normal child. Nearing the end, the monks began to believe that Gyatso interfered too much, so they decide to send Aang to the Eastern Air Temple. Aang refuses to be torn away from his mentor; he writes a note for Gyatso before flying away on his bison, Appa. It is revealed in the first episodes of the show that a violent storm catches Aang and sends him into the ocean during his escape. Aang then enters the Avatar State, unknowingly, for the first time to encase himself and Appa in a frozen air bubble. An image of this air bubble, resembling an iceberg, ends the flashback.

After the 100 years he was in the iceberg with his bison, the story starts when Katara and her brother Sokka free Aang and Appa in the . In the next episode, they all started the trip to the Northern Water Tribe, with hope to find a waterbending master to teach Aang and Katara how to control the water. During their journey they are chased by Zuko, the banished prince of the Fire Nation, who must capture the Avatar to return his honor. In one episode, Aang meets his previous incarnation, Avatar Roku (born on Fire Nation), who said him that he must learn all four bending arts and win Fire Lord Ozai before the end of summer. When the team, named team "Avatar", arrived in the Northern Water Tribe, a Waterbender named Master Pakku teaches Aang (and later Katara) waterbending. Later, in the , Aang meets Toph Bei Fong, a blind earthbending, who becomes his earthbending teacher. Later, Aang and his friends learn about the solar eclipse, which will occur before the end of the summer, and will block the Firebenders powerless. During the season finale, a guru tried to teach Aang how to open up his seven "chakras" in order to control the Avatar State. When Aang has a vision of Katara being in danger, he leaves the Air Temple where he is being taught before the seventh "chakra" is opened, locking it. He then battles in the underground caverns of Ba Sing Se. He is killed when Azula strikes him with lightning, but is brought back to life thanks to Katara's special water that has healing abilities, and also her healing abilities.

In the , Aang and his friends had to win a new enemy - an killer hired by Zuko who shoots with his third eye. Aang and his friends from Earth Kingdom attack the Fire Nation capital during the solar eclipse, but the invasion failed because Azula knew about it. In the next episode, Zuko offers to teach Aang firebending. Aang accepts, despite the group's strong opposition. In "The Firebending Masters" (the 13th episode of third season) Aang learns firebending with the help of the last two dragons.

Before the , he is trapped with his friends because he does not find correct he kills Ozai. After he sleepwalks into a forest, he speaks with four previous Avatars (Roku, Kyoshi, Kuruk, Yangchen), and asking for advice. Each gives him a reason to kill the Fire Lord Ozai, discouraging him. After discovering that the forest is atop a swimming lion-turtle, and receiving advice from said lion-turtle, he prepares to confront the Fire Lord. Once Ozai arrives, Aang engages him in battle. After sparing Ozai when redirecting his lightning and then being backed into a corner, Aang enters the Avatar State. The Avatar State tips the battle in Aang's favor, and makes swift work of Ozai. Using a technique taught to him by the lion-turtle, which called Energybending, Aang removes Ozai's ability to firebend, effectively eliminating the threat. Later, in the Fire Nation capital, Aang is seen in monk robes, standing beside Zuko while he become Fire Lord. He is later seen relaxing with his friends in Ba Sing Se. The series ends with Aang and Katara kissing.

Michael Dante DiMartino, one of the show's creators, said:
Aang is a vegetarian, as shown in "The King of Omashu" (the 5th episode of first season) and "The Headband" (the 2nd episode of third season) when he refuses to eat meat since the Air Nomads taught him that life is holy. Aang states a reluctance to fight in "The Spirit World (Winter Solstice, Part 1)"; Aang hopelessly negotiates with a spirit who is destroying a village instead of fighting. Due to his non-violent nature, he also shows ethical reluctance refusing to killing Firelord Ozai, and eventually strips Ozai of his bending instead of killing him. In the show, Aang has a complex network of friends extending over all four nations.

Aang, in "The Storm" (the 12th episode of first season), said that he wishes he had been there to help Air Nomads a century ago, but would rather live a child's carefree life. Many times in the show, Aang shows how much he cares for those are close to him. He also showed that he can act immaturely, and once tried to deceive others in order to keep the group together. In "Bato of the Water Tribe" (the 15th episode of first season), Aang thinks Katara and Sokka might leave to visit their father. Aang hides the map showing their father's whereabouts and lies about having it in the first place.

In some episodes, he shows flight abilities with airbending. One technique for this is to make a sphere of air and ride on it, which Aang calls the Air Scooter. Other methods of flying include his glider, and Appa. In the Avatar State, Aang can also fly inside a ball of air.

In the show's intended demographics, Aang has been received very well. Kendall Lyons said that, "Aang seems to be the happy kid that you can easily familiarize yourself with", and that he "seems to bring comfort in the most dangerous or trouble situations." There are many similar descriptions about Aang as a childlike character who is "reckless and excitable". Reviews point out that "as the Avatar, Aang seems unstoppable, but as Aang, he is just another like an airbender". The review says later that the show continues to focus on a more realistic character instead of a perfect one by showing many weaknesses in his character.

Aang's character showed in the "". He is 1 of the 4 characters of , a video game based on the first season of the show. Two sequels were made: "", a video game based on the second season of the show, and "", a video game based on the third season. Avatar T-shirts, some with Aang's face on them, are being sold on the Nickelodeon Shop website. Tokyopop has published a films comic (sometimes referred to as cine-manga), in which Aang is the main character, like in "Avatar: The Last Airbender".

Aang is in "Escape from the Spirit World", an online video game that is on Nickelodeon's real website. The game has some plot changes that are not in the show. The show's directors, Michael DiMartino and Bryan Konietzko, say the events are canon. In Nicktoons MLB, he is a playable character.

In 2008, M. Night Shyamalan, a film director, cast 12-year-old Tae Kwon Do practitioner Noah Ringer as Aang in the film adaptation of the series, "The Last Airbender". The casting of a white actor in the role of Aang (as well as a primarily Caucasian cast) in the Asian-influenced "Avatar" universe triggered negative reactions from some fans marked by accusations of racism, a letter-writing campaign, and a protest outside of a Philadelphia casting call for movie extras. The casting decisions were also negatively received by several critics who stated that the original casting call expressed a preference for Caucasian actors over others.

Gordon Cormier will play the character in the Netflix of the series.


Batuque (religion)

Batuque is an African-inspired or Afro-Brazilian religion, practiced mainly in Brazil. The religion started in the city of Porto Alegre, the capital of Rio Grande do Sul.

Macumba

Macumba is one of the Afro-Brazilian religion that mixes Umbanda, Quimbanda, Candomblé and other religions, in Rio de Janeiro, Sao Paulo and specially Bahia, Brazil, where those religions were born.

Umbanda

Umbanda is the only 100% Brazilian religion. It mixes Candomblé, Kardecism as well as Roman Catholicism. It was created on November 15, 1908 in Niterói, a city from Rio de Janeiro, by Zélio de Morais and a Spirit called Caboclo das Sete Encruzilhadas.

Guitar Hero

Guitar Hero may mean:



Jak and Daxter

Jak and Daxter is a series of video games, developed by the company Naughty Dog. It is named after the two heroes of the games. Right now, five games are in the series.

All of the "Jak and Daxter" games happen on a planet that is similar to Earth, where many creatures who look like humans with long ears live. A long time ago, beings called "Precursors" lived on the planet, but disappeared, and the people use the machines the Precursors left behind. Outside of cities and villages, there are many wild and dangerous animals.

A substance called "Eco" is also used by the people. It can be found as gas, liquid, or even solid crystals. There are several different kinds of Eco, and all the different Ecos can do special things. Green Eco can heal injuries or damage, and Blue Eco can make things move faster. There is also Dark Eco, a dangerous kind of Eco which can kill or mutate. In the first "Jak and Daxter" game, "", the character Daxter falls into a pit full of Dark Eco and turns into an "Ottsel", a fictional, or not real, cross between an otter and a weasel.

When Naughty Dog first told people about "Jak and Daxter", people were very excited, because Naughty Dog had made the famous "Crash Bandicoot" series. "Jak and Daxter: The Precursor Legacy" was one of the first video games to use something called streaming, which means that the game loads while it is being played, so there are no loading screens. It was also very similar to the games "Super Mario 64" and "Banjo-Kazooie", because players need to jump, explore, and collect a special kind of object to win the game.

After "The Precursor Legacy", the "Jak and Daxter" games started to be about other things, not just jumping and finding things. "Jak II", the second game, gives the player guns to shoot and vehicles to drive. This is like in the "Grand Theft Auto" video games.

The first three games of the "Jak" series; "Precursor Legacy", "Jak II", and "Jak 3"; are still mainly about platforming. The player controls the character Jak or the character Daxter in jumping puzzles to get to a goal. The character can only get hit by wild animals or monsters only a few times before dying and having to start the goal over, but the character can get life back by touching Green Eco. In "Jak 3", the player can get armor that lets Jak be hit more before dying.

The player can also use attacks or guns to kill the monsters before Jak or Daxter is hit and hurt.

Chevrolet Geo

Geo was a brand of economy cars sold by Chevrolet dealerships. Geo was founded in 1989 to compete with Japanese automotives. Geo's roots date back to the 1970s in which General Motors began selling and offering captive imports. The Buick Opel which was originally an Isuzu Gemini and was also offered to future GM marque Daewoo as the Maepsy (which was sold as a Saehan and later Daewoo model). Geo cars were a joint venture between GM and its Japanese partners which included Toyota, Suzuki and Isuzu. Chevrolet's revived Nova (the Corolla Sprinter) led to Chevrolet Sprint (Suzuki Cultus) and the Spectrum (Isuzu Gemini). All three cars were rebranded as Geo in 1989. Geo was cancelled in 1997 and merged into the Chevrolet brand. The Geo models were the Metro, Prizm, Storm, Tracker, and Spectrum. The Prizm was made at New United Motor Manufacturing, Inc. which was jointly owned by Toyota and General Motors. While the Metro and Tracker were made at CAMI Automotive a joint venture between GM and Suzuki, and the Storm and Spectrum were made entirely in Japan by Isuzu, and because of dwindling Isuzu sales they were short-lived. Many Geo models continued as Chevrolet's and were later replaced by in-house cars (i.e. Chevrolet Cobalt (Geo Prizm), a another joint venture vehicle or inherited models from GM Daewoo/Korea. 1988-1998

Geo/Chevrolet Prizm

The Geo Prizm was a small car sold by Chevrolet from 1990 to 1997. Replacing the Chevrolet Nova, it was based on a Toyota Corolla Sprinter with the Geo name on it. The Prizm was produced alongside the Corolla and the Tacoma pickup truck at New United Motor Manufacturing in Fremont, California which was jointly owned by General Motors and Toyota from 1985-2010. From 1989-1992 it was sold as a subcompact sedan and hatchback, but in 1992 it was redesigned and sold solely as a compact sedan (this was due to Toyota Corolla and Sprinter being redesigned). The Prizm and the Corolla shared the same parts and engines. It is the only Geo model not sold in Canada under Pontiac. In 1998, the name of the car was changed to Chevrolet Prizm. Due to the discontinued Toyota Sprinter and a loss in sales General Motors replaced the Prizm with the Pontiac Vibe and the Chevrolet Cobalt.

Pontiac Vibe

The Pontiac Vibe was a compact car made by General Motors with Toyota at New United Motor Manufacturing plant in Freemont, California. It was only sold as a five-door hatchback. The Vibe has the same engine and parts as the Toyota Matrix and Toyota Corolla. The Vibe and Matrix were made in different factories. The Vibe had replaced the Chevrolet Prizm in 2002 due to low sales and the discontinued Toyota Sprinter (Prizm was a mere rebadged version of this car).The Vibe was sold in Japan by Toyota as the Voltz from 2002 to 2004. Pontiac Vibe discontinued in 2009 due to General Motors and Toyota's decision to close down NUMMI. After Pontiac announced it would go out of business, General Motors announced that the Vibe would be replaced with Buick Verano (a badge engineered Opel Astra). Though it only offered limited AWD it was often categorized as a compact crossover and competed with the Dodge Caliber.

Geo Metro

The Geo Metro was a car sold by Chevrolet from 1989 to 2001. The Metro was made by Suzuki and sold at Chevrolet dealerships. The Metro was the twin car of the similar Suzuki Cultus, with only minor differences in grilles and interior. The other names for this car were the Chevrolet Sprint, Suzuki Swift, and Pontiac Firefly. From 1989-1997 the Metro was offered as a convertible, sedan and three-door/five-door hatchback. In 1997 the car was absorbed into the Chevrolet brand along with its Geo siblings. From 1998-2001 it was sold under Chevrolet as a three-door hatchback and a sedan. In 2001 the Metro was reduced strictly to rental and fleet status. The Metro was discontinued after 2001. Only to be replaced by the Chevrolet Aveo (derived from the Daewoo Kalos, a Korean model) in 2004. It had the best fuel economy of any gasoline vehicle in the US, with 41 MPG.

One Liberty Plaza

One Liberty Plaza is a skyscraper in New York City, United States. It is tall and has 54 floors. It was built in 1973.

At first it was named the U.S. Steel Building, but later the name was changed to One Liberty Plaza.

The Singer Building, built in 1908 and once the tallest building in the world, was torn down in 1968 to make room for One Liberty Plaza.


Malware

Malware, short for malicious software, is any software intentionally designed to cause damage to a computer. There are different kinds of malware that can hurt computers, such as viruses, Trojan horses, spyware and ransomware. These programs can steal passwords, delete files, collect personal information, or even stop a computer from working at all. Computer security or anti-malware software is usually good at stopping malware from installing itself. When security software is not installed, malware can get into the computer. Getting rid of malware can be difficult, even when using programs designed to remove it.

The term "malware" refers only to software that is made for malicious purposes and works against users' expectations — and so does not include applications that may do unintended harm due to software bugs.

People first started writing malware in the 1970s and early 1980s. Computers were very simple then. They did not have any interesting information for malware to take. Instead, people wrote malware for fun or just to show that they could. Even the most common piece of malware from this time did not do damage to people's computers. In fact, malware was so rare that the word "malware" was not coined until 1990. 

More people started using the computers in the late 1990s and early 2000s. Computers were getting more complex and faster. People saw that they could use malware to get useful information now, like passwords and credit card information. So, more programmers started writing malware. The number of malware programs on the Internet has grown very quickly ever since then the late 1990s and is still growing today. Experts think that 31.5% of the world's computers have some type of malware installed.

The main reason people write malware is to hurt others and make money, usually by stealing or deleting important information. The Cryptolocker computer virus, for example, makes it so a person cannot use their own computer until they pay the malware writers for a software key to unlock it. Another virus, CIH, tries to make it so the victim can never use their files or turn on their computer again. Malicious keystroke logging software remembers everything a user types in and gives it to the malware author to read.

World governments have written malware to hurt their enemies. Experts think that the United States government made a virus named Stuxnet to stop an important place in Iran from working. The Chinese government probably used a virus to stop people from protesting its decisions.

There are a lot of ways malware can get onto someone's computer. One common way is through email attachments. These attachments are usually sent from other computers that already have malware on them. When someone downloads and opens the attachment, the virus installs and uses their computer to send itself to even more people. 

Another way malware installs itself is when a victim gets malware just by going to a website with the malware hidden on it. This is called drive-by downloading. A user does not have to click anything for their computer to get infected from a drive-by download. This kind of malware attack is usually found on websites that are not used a lot or whose security methods are very old. However, even current websites that people use all the time can host drive-by downloads when someone hacks the site. 

People who write malware also get their programs onto computers by attaching them to real programs that people want. This is most common with pirated programs. This is because the downloader was doing something illegal and cannot complain to the authorities without getting in trouble themselves. However, some non-piracy websites also put malware (or other unwanted programs that are almost as bad as malware) in a download with real, legal software in a process known as bundling. Computer security experts complain about websites that bundle real software with malware. Their complaints do not always stop the websites from bundling.

There are many different kinds of malware. Each acts a different way.






There are a few reasons why computers get programs a user didn't mean to install. One common reason is because of regular programs that have software bugs. Malware can use bugs, such as a buffer overflow, to make a program do something it was not designed to do. Malware can also get onto a computer if it tricks a user into putting it there themselves. This can happen when a user plugs in a USB flash drive that has a virus on it already. Malware also commonly uses social engineering to get users to run it, like pretending to be an important email attachment for work. Some malware even pretends to be an anti-malware program to get people to run it.

Since malware is such a big problem, many companies make programs to try to stop it. These anti-malware programs have a lot of different ways to find malware. One is static analysis, which looks at the source code of a program before it is run. Then, if the program is similar to malware the static analysis program has seen before, the anti-malware program will stop the code from running. Another way of finding malware is dynamic analysis. Dynamic analysis runs only part of a program it is checking. If this part of the program tries to do anything that could be bad or harmful, the anti-malware program will not let the program run.

Malware can also be stopped without a program. This can be done by not letting a computer connect to the Internet or other computers, called creating an air gap. However, these computers can still get malware if someone puts it there another way. One example is when someone plugs in a Universal Serial Bus (USB) drive that was already plugged into a computer with a virus.

Matrixism

Matrixism or The path of the One is a new religion based on the movie "The Matrix". It was started by a group of people in the year 2004. By the year 2005, Matrixism had over 300 members and it was seen in books and newspapers. There are now 16,000 members of Matrixism.

Matrixism is a syncretic religion (a religion that joins together all religions). The words "the matrix" are seen in a Baha'i book from the year 1912 named "The Promulgation (starting) of Universal (complete international) Peace". Matrixism uses this fact to make a connection to the history of world religion but the three "Matrix" motion pictures are Matrixism's Bible (prime book).

Matrixism has four beliefs called "The Four Tenets (rules) of Matrixism". The four rules are; 1) Belief in the prophecy of the One. 2) Use of psychedelics (mind expansion medicine) as sacrament. 3) Seeing the relative nature of the world. 4) Acting by the rules of one of the world's religions. For Matrixism April 19th is a holiday (special day) named Bicycle Day. November 22nd is another holiday for Matrixism named the Day of Remembrance and Reflection. Aldous Huxley, John F. Kennedy and C.S. Lewis all died on this day in 1963.

The sign for Matrixism is 赤, the Japanese kanji for the word "red". This sign was used in the computer game "Enter the Matrix". The color is a reference to the "red pill", from the motion picture "The Matrix", which is representative of being able to see that which is true. The word (sign) 赤 is also a Chinese word (character). In fact, the Japanese kanji is from a Chinese character.


Boston Celtics

The Boston Celtics are an American professional basketball team. They play their home games in the TD Garden in Boston, Massachusetts. They are a part of the National Basketball Association (NBA) and play in the Atlantic Division. The Celtics are one of the most successful teams in the history of the NBA, and have won 17 NBA championships, tied with the Los Angeles Lakers for the most in NBA history.

The Celtics were one of the first NBA teams. Since their start in 1913, they have been the most successful teams, winning 17 NBA championships, including eight championships in a row at one point. The Celtics' seventeen championships is more than any other team. The Celtics play their home games at the TD Garden.

From 2007 to 2013, they were lead by the big four: Kevin Garnett, Paul Pierce, Ray Allen, and Rajon Rondo, leading the team to the 2008 championship as well as making the Finals in 2010 both times against the Lakers. But in July 2012, Allen was traded to the Miami Heat (where he won his second championship in 2013) and in July 2013, Garnett and Pierce were traded to the Brooklyn Nets. Rondo remained with the Celtics until the beginning of the 2014-15 season.

The rivalry between the Boston Celtics and Los Angeles Lakers is between two most of the best franchises in NBA history. It has been called the NBA's best rivalry. The two teams have met a record twelve times in the NBA Finals, starting with their first Finals meeting in 1959. They would go on to win the league in the 1920s and the 1980s, playing each other six times in the 1960s and three times in the 1980s.

The rivalry had been less known since the retirements of Magic Johnson and Larry Bird in the early 1990s, but in 2008, it happened again when the Celtics and Lakers met in the Finals for the first time since 1987, with the Celtics winning the series in six games. They played once again in the 2010 NBA Finals which the Lakers won in seven games. The two teams are tied for the highest number of championships (17); together, the 34 championships account for almost half of the 74 championships in NBA history.

The rivalry between the Boston Celtics and Golden State Warriors is a new rivalry that began in the 2021-2022 NBA season. They met in the Finals that season, which the last time that happened was in 1964, where the Celtics won in 5 games. This time though, the Warriors completely cooked the Celtics and Stephen Curry took home the NBA Finals Most Valuable Player Award and became the father of the Boston Celtics. In their most recent matchup, the Warriors dominated in their Finals rematch, and Stephen Curry secured those adoption papers.

Across the Universe

"Across the Universe" is a song by the English rock group The Beatles. It was written by John Lennon, and credited to Lennon/McCartney.

Bastia

Bastia is a town and commune of northern Corsica, in France. It is the capital (in French "préfecture") of the Haute-Corse "département" and has a population of about 40,000 inhabitants. Bastia is also an important Corsican port and is famous for its wines. The rate of unemployment in the commune has been very high, and was 20% in 2004.

Bastia is in the northeast of Corsica, at the base of Cap Corse. Bastia is the main port of the island and its principal commercial town. The wind in Bastia is frequent and violent.

Before the occupation of Corsica by the Genoese, Cardo was a large city. Around the city were little villages where the fishermen of Cardo lived. This little port was called Porto Cardo, which means "the port of Cardo."

The Genoese felt the need to shelter the city from the sea storms and began to construct walls and buildings. In the time of governor Leonello Lomellini, in 1380, they built a "bastiglia", also known as a citadel. With time, the "bastiglia" (Bastia) became more prosperous and important than Cardo.

Bastia was the capital of Corsica until 1791.




The official football team of Basti is the Sporting Club de Bastia.


Alchevsk

Alchevsk () is a city in the Luhansk Oblast of south-eastern Ukraine.

Alchevsk is one of the largest industrial centers in the Donbas, and comprises a quarter of the oblast's entire production. The city economy depends on OJSC "Alchevsk Iron & Steel Works" and "Alchevsk Coke-Chemical Plant" companies.

The city was known as "Voroshilovsk" () from 1931 to 1961, and then Kommunarsk () until 1992.

Kommunarsk

Kommunarsk (, ) is the railway station in the city of Alchevsk (Ukraine).

Also Kommunarsk is one of old names of Alchevsk.

State Anthem of Ukraine

"Šče ne vmerla Ukraïna" (, ), known in English as "Nay, Thou Art Not Dead, Ukraine", is the national anthem of Ukraine.

The anthem is played in a minor key.

Before "Šče ne vmerla Ukraïna" was the country's national anthem, this song was originally a 19th-century poem written by a poet named Paul Chubin. A Catholic priest named Michael Werbitzky liked his poem, so he composed a tune for it. The song was published for the first time in 1863, and in the following year, it was performed for the first time in the city of Ľviv. It was first recorded in 1916 during the First World War.

In the early 20th century, this song lifted the spirits of many Ukrainians, as they had longed for their territories be completely independent from the Russian Empire, Austria–Hungary, Czechoslovakia, and Poland. Because of this, "Šče ne vmerla Ukraïna" became the national anthem of the country, which was then first known as Carpatho-Ukraine, which then became the Ukrainian People's Republic, and then the West Ukrainian People's Republic. Afterwards, the Soviets invaded the territory of Ukraine. Not only that, the Soviets banned the Ukrainian national anthem. Instead, the Soviet-era anthem was adopted. After decades of oppression by the Soviet Union, "Šče ne vmerla Ukraïna" became the national anthem again, and remains so to this day.

Since 1992, the parliament Verchovna Rada readopted the national anthem after the fall of the USSR. The lyrics, which have been changed a bit, were adopted in 2003 by the Law on the Anthem of Ukraine.

The words of "Šče ne vmerla Ukraïna" reminds the Ukrainian people about the struggles they have endured for becoming independent. When the country became freshly independent from Russia in late 1991, the national anthem was sung when Leonid Kravčuk was becoming president. After some changes to the original words, the anthem was made official on 6 March 2003, and Article 20 of the Constitution of Ukraine made the tune for the national anthem officiall on 28 June 1996.

A poetic version in Esperanto was translated by Viktor Jaskovec and Volodymyr Pacjurko in 1991.

Between 1992 and 2003, the Ukrainian national anthem was only an instrumental anthem and did not contain official lyrics; although, lyrics had been proposed for it. This was done in a similar manner to "Marcha Real", the national anthem of Spain, which currently has no official lyrics.
There are many people living alongside Ukrainians who trace their roots to other parts of the globe. As a result, there are many versions of the Ukrainian national anthem in many different languages. It has been translated into Polish, Romanian, Hungarian, Crimean Tatar, Azerbaijani, and much more.

Public anthem performances
Performances by celebrities

Guitar Hero: Aerosmith

Guitar Hero: Aerosmith is a rhythm game made by Neversoft with other help from Activision. It is part of the "Guitar Hero" franchise. The game was released in North America on June 29 2008, and two days earlier in Europe.

Some of the songs featured in the game include "Combination", "Kings and Queens", "Train Kept A Rollin" and "Mama Kin".


Guitar Hero: On Tour

Guitar Hero: On Tour is a music video game developed by Vicarious Visions and published by RedOctane and Activision. It's the first "Guitar Hero" game made for a handheld game system. To play, players use Slot 2 (the bottom loading slot of the DS) to attach a device with red, green, blue, and yellow buttons on it. The player uses those four keys to play the game.

The gameplay of "Guitar Hero: On Tour" is like the other "Guitar Hero" games where the player strums and hits the fret buttons when the notes appear on the screen.

"Guitar Hero: On Tour" has two track lists. One's for North America, the UK, and Australia, and the other's for non-English speaking countries in Europe. Both have five songs that the other does not have. They both have 26 songs including one bonus track.

"Guitar Hero: On Tour" got mostly good reviews with 81% at Game Rankings and 76/100 at Meta Critic. It was praised for being a challenging and fun game. Some reviewers complained about hand cramps from playing.

"On Tour" was the second best-selling games of June 2008, having sold 422,000 copies. It's Activision's fastest-selling DS game.


Geo

GEO or Geo can mean any of these:

In shopping:

People:

In science:

Batuque

Batuque can mean:

Toad (Nintendo)

Toad and the species were first seen in the game "Super Mario Bros.". Toad's design was made directly from the power up, the Super Mushroom as well as the game's general use with mushrooms. Shigeru Miyamoto, the creator of the Mario series, made a reason that Toad's creation was that of being a character that has a simplistic design; yet, still appears cute and lovely and pleases to everybody. In the game, the peaceful Toads of the Mushroom Kingdom had been turned into various objects such as bricks and pipes by the evil King Bowser; however, some of Princess Toadstool's loyal servants, known as the "Mushroom Retainers" were simply kidnapped. During the making of "New Super Mario Bros. Wii", the developers at Nintendo decided between four characters to be playable in the game: Princess Peach, Toad, Wario and Waluigi (all suggestions made by fans). Two Toads (yellow and blue) were eventually included as playable characters in "New Super Mario Bros. Wii" due to their physical similarity to Mario and Luigi.

Toad is considered one of the major Mario series characters, because he is playable and appears in many of the games. Toad appears in lots of Mario merchandise, such as toys, plushies, and keychains, among other things. Toad is featured in Nintendo's board games such as being on the protagonist side in the Mario themed chess set, as well as being a purchasable character in the Nintendo Monopoly game. In , Toad's hat is available after getting 3000 points in Tom Nook's Point Tracking system.

"Black Pear Tree", an EP by The Mountain Goats and Kaki King, features a song titled "Thank You Mario But Our Princess is in Another Castle," sung from the view of Toad. Toad ranked in the seventh slot on Game Daily's top 10 Nintendo characters that deserve their own games list; the site explained that he has a strong appeal that Nintendo has yet to tap into. Toad is listed as number two in the most neglected Mario Bros. characters list as he has been described by the site to have been ignored by Nintendo for quite a while due to the lack of starring roles he gets in the more recent games. In an Oricon poll from 2008, Toad was voted as the eighth most popular video game character in Japan. IGN editor Matt Casamassina criticized Nintendo for including the Toads over more notable characters in the "Mario" series for New Super Mario Bros. Wii, arguing that the developers were being lazy to not include other characters because the Toads were easier to make.

Itanagar

Itanagar is the capital of the Indian state of Arunachal Pradesh.

Ita Fort is one of the most important historical sites in the state of Arunachal Pradesh.

Redwall

Redwall is a series of books written by Brian Jacques. The first book was written in 1986, and the people are all animals, like mice, rats, moles, otters, stoats, and weasels. The story is about an abbey called Redwall, and the animals that live there. "Redwall" has been made into an opera, and an animated TV series based on three of the novels ("Redwall", "Mattimeo", and "Martin the Warrior"), which first aired in 1999. The books are mainly aimed at older children. There were twenty-two novels and two picture books published. The twenty-second, and last novel, "The Rogue Crew", was published on May 3, 2011, after Jacques' death.

The book series does not happen in one particular timeframe. Instead, it is set in many different times in the history of the world of Redwall. Some of the books focus on characters who, in another book, are historical figures (e.g., Martin the Warrior's father, Luke, in "The Legend of Luke"). Usually, those books are set before Redwall Abbey was started. There is a timeline in the Redwall series, but it often places the books in a completely different order than the order they were written. However, there were two times when the novels were published in chronological order.

There are twenty-two books.

Lommiswil

Lommiswil is a municipality in the district Lebern in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.


Lostorf

Lostorf is a municipality in the district Gösgen in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.


Luterbach

Luterbach is a municipality in the district Wasseramt in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.


Lüsslingen

Lüsslingen was a municipality in the district Bucheggberg, in the canton of Solothurn, Switzerland. On 1 January 2013, the former municipalities of Lüsslingen and Nennigkofen merged to form the new municipality of Lüsslingen-Nennigkofen.

Matzendorf

Matzendorf is a municipality in the district Thal in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.


Redwall (novel)

Redwall is a fantasy book written by Brian Jacques in 1986. It was illustrated by Gary Chalk, and was translated into nine different languages. Redwall is the first book in the Redwall series.


Mossflower

Mossflower is a fantasy book that was written in 1988 by Brian Jacques. It is the second book in the "Redwall" series, and was translated into eight different languages besides English.

LeToya Luckett

LeToya Nicole Luckett (born March 11, 1981), known professionally as LeToya, is an Americansinger, actress, producer and songwriter. She is a former member of the R&B female group, Destiny's Child with whom she won two Grammy Awards, but when the group was successfully prompted in the world she was forced to leave.

When interviewed by MTV News, Luckett said that she and LaTavia Roberson created a new group called Anjel. Auditions were made, then Naty Quinones and Tiffany Beaudoin were selected as members. The group recorded demo songs. Their production company which handled the group fell through, and the members of Anjel went on to pursue solo projects.

In 2004, Capitol Records signed Luckett, then she started her solo career. Her solo debut album, "LeToya", topped the U.S. "Billboard" 200 albums chart in July 2006 and was certified platinum by the RIAA in December 2006. The album spawned five singles. Two were released with promotional purpose, to see the audience reaction towards her, but "Torn" would be her most notable song. It achieved records on BET's top ten countdown show "106 & Park". She was also named "One of the Best New Artists of 2006" by AOL and the "Top Songwriter of 2006" by ASCAP. Luckett's second album, "Lady Love", was scheduled for a spring 2008 release. It was released in 2009. She is now on road with the stage play tour ""Rumors"".






Annie Oliv

Annie Oliv (born 12 October 1987 in Jönköping, Sweden) is a Swedish beauty queen, cello player and personal assistant to a disabled person.

On September 8, 2007, Oliv won the "Miss Sweden World" title. She later represented her country at Miss World 2007. She placed 4th in the competition. She won the title "Miss World Europe 2007". Annie Oliv played cello during Melodifestivalen 2008 in Mickey Huskics entry in semifinal number three on February 23.

Musical movie

The musical movie is a movie genre in which several songs sung by the characters are linked into the story line. The songs are used to advance the plot or develop the movie's characters.

The musical movie was a natural development of the stage musical. Typically, the biggest difference between movie and stage musicals is the use of expensive and impressive background scenery which would not be in a theater. Musical movies usually contain elements similar of theater; performers often treat their song and dance numbers as if there is a live audience watching.

Julie Taymor

Julie Taymor (born December 15, 1952) is an American director of Broadway theatre and movies. Taymor's work has received lots of praise from critics. She has won two Tony Awards out of four nominations, an Emmy Award, and an Academy Award nomination for her work, known for its visual flair and colorful costuming choices. She lives in New York City with her partner Elliot Goldenthal, who she has been with for over 20 years.


Evan Rachel Wood

Evan Rachel Wood (born September 7, 1987) is an American movie, television and theater actress. She began acting in the late 1990s, appearing in several television roles, including "American Gothic" and "Once and Again". Wood's first role as a leading movie actress was in 2002's "Little Secrets", and she became well known after changing to a more adult-orientated Golden Globe-nominated role in the critically acclaimed "Thirteen" (2003).

Wood continued acting in mostly independent films, including "Pretty Persuasion" (2005), "Down in the Valley" (2006), and in the big studio production "Across the Universe" (2007). Critics have praised Wood's acting, such as "The Guardian" newspaper describing her as being "wise beyond her years" and as "one of the best actresses of her generation". Her personal relationship with singer Marilyn Manson received media coverage. She is openly bisexual.


Jim Sturgess

James Sturgess (born 1981) is a British actor. He has acted in both television and movies as well as radio. He is perhaps most famous for playing Jude in "Across the Universe" and the younger Charlie in "The Quest" series of television movies.

Sturgess was born in London. He is a former member of the National Youth Music Theatre (1993-95) and studied at the University of Salford's School of Media, Music and Performance. 

Sturgess recently worked on the movie "Fifty Dead Men Walking". In the movie, he plays Martin McGartland, the writer of the book on which the movie is based. 



Joe Anderson

Joe Anderson (born 1982) is an English actor.

He attended Richmond upon Thames College and later the Webber Douglas Academy of Dramatic Art in London. Both his parents work in the movie industry. Anderson has acted professionally since childhood. His skills include photography, guitar and gymnastics.

Anderson has worked in movie, television and on the stage at the Chichester Festival Theatre. He appeared in "Copying Beethoven", playing Ludwig van Beethoven's nephew. He also appeared in "Across the Universe" as Max, an American teenager drafted into the Vietnam War. Anderson is also starring as Joy Division bass player Peter Hook in Anton Corbijn's 2007 movie "Control".



Dana Fuchs

Dana Fuchs (born January 10, 1976) is an American singer, songwriter, actress and voice over talent.

The youngest of six musical children, Fuchs was born and raised in Wildwood, Florida. It is a small rural town. She is the daughter of Sandy and Don Fuchs. At the age of twelve she joined the First Baptist Gospel Choir and began singing in public. At sixteen she became the lead singer of a popular local band at a roadside Holiday Inn. She moved to New York City at nineteen and began working with Jon Diamond, a guitarist who had toured with Joan Osborne and W.C. Handy Award winner Debbie Davies. They formed the Dana Fuchs Band. The band was a feature act at a number of clubs, performing with people like John Popper, James Cotton, and Taj Mahal.

Fuchs plays Sadie in the Julie Taymor movie "Across the Universe". She also played the singing Janis Joplin in the Eric Nederlander production of Randall Myler's off Broadway musical "Love, Janis".


Martin Luther McCoy

Martin Luther McCoy is an American musician and actor. He worked with The Roots a lot and appears as one of the six lead characters in the 2007 Beatles musical "Across the Universe" in the role of "JoJo". 

McCoy goes by the stage name of "Martin Luther" in his music career. For his acting work he is known under his full name. 

Martin Luther released his first solo album "The Calling" in 1999 and followed it with an independent release of his second album "Rebel Soul Music" in 2004 on his own label Rebel Soul Records. His third album "Love is the Hero" was supposed to be released in 2011

T. V. Carpio

Teresa Victoria Carpio, more commonly known as T. V. Carpio, is a Chinese / Filipina singer, songwriter and actress. She is the daughter of Asian singing star Teresa Carpio, with whom she has performed on stage as a backup singer. 

Carpio played Prudence in the 2007 musical movie "Across the Universe". She has also appeared on television, including a TV movie and episodes of "The Jury" and "Law & Order". She made her Broadway debut in "Rent" as Alexi Darling and others, appearing from December 2006 until April 2007.


Joe Cocker

Joe Cocker, OBE (20 May 1944 – 21 December 2014) was an English rock/blues singer who came to popularity in the 1960s, and was most known for his gritty voice and his cover versions of popular songs, particularly those of The Beatles. The cover of their song "With A Little Help From My Friends", sung by Cocker at the Woodstock Festival, initially made him famous. 

On 22 December 2014, Cocker died of lung cancer at his home in Crawford, Colorado at the age of 70.



Elliot Goldenthal

Elliot Goldenthal (born May 2, 1954 in Brooklyn, New York City) is an American composer of modern classical music. He was a student of Aaron Copland and John Corigliano. Goldenthal is best known for his ability to blend different musical styles and techniques in original and inventive ways.

Goldenthal cites Jerry Goldsmith, Henry Mancini, Elmer Bernstein, Lalo Schifrin, Max Steiner, Alfred Newman, John Williams, Aaron Copeland, John Corigliano, Ennio Morricone, Maurice Ravel, Bruce Broughton, Howard Shore, John Barry, Irwin Kostal, Maurice Jarre, Richard Wagner, Leonard Bernstein, James Horner, Randy Newman, Franz Waxman, Alex North, Victor Young and Buddy Baker as influences.





Corte

Corte () in is a city (a "commune" in French) in the Haute-Corse "département" in central area of Corsica, in France. It is the fourth-largest city in Corsica (after Ajaccio, Bastia, and Porto-Vecchio), with a population of 6,329 inhabitants in 1999. Corte was the capital of the Corsican independent state during the period of Pasquale Paoli.



Corte is connected to Ajaccio, Bastia and Calvi by the Corsican railway.

Corte has become a major University town in Corsica since the Pasquale Paoli University opened 1980.



Sartène

Sartène (), is a town (a "commune" in French) of Southern Corsica, in the Corse-du-Sud "département", in France. The city is famous since medieval times for granite buildings in 16th century. One of the main incidents in the town's history was an attack by pirates from Algiers in 1583, after which 400 people were taken away. These attacks continued into the 18th century. 

The town is centered around the Place de la Libération (previously the Place Porta), at the edge of which is the church of Sainte Marie. The town allows good views across the valley. Sartene wine is well known amongst wine buffs as being a good drop.

Sartene has given its name to one of the southern-Corsican dialects that are most like the Sardinian language.

The highest temperature ever recorded in Sartène was on 23 July 2009.


A page on the history of the town

Saint-Florent, Haute-Corse

Saint-Florent () is a commune in Haute-Corse, Corsica, France. It is a fishing port located near the gulf of the same name (Saint-Florent Gulf).

Today, it is a popular summer vacation spot for many tourists for one of the most beautiful beaches on the Mediterranean coast, Saleccia.

Saint-Florent has a typically Mediterranean climate - mild winters with temperatures rarely under zero, warm, dry summers with temperatures at around 35°C in July and August.

Saint-Florent was created by the Genoese in the 16th century as a base for to fight the Corsican patriots in their villages. The colonial state and imperialist France later used it for getting troops of mercenaries and colonists during August 1764. After the defeat at Ponte Novu Bridge, the army of Pasquale Paoli, helped by Horatio Nelson, reconquered Saint-Florent in 1793 during the brief Anglo-Corsican rule.

The Genoise citadel constructed in 1440.

<br>


Calvi, Haute-Corse

Calvi is a small town and commune of the Haute-Corse, in France. It is on the northwest coast of the island of Corsica, 95 km from Bastia and 24 km from L'Île-Rousse. The town has 5,177 people (1999), and is the fifth-largest commune in Corsica. There is a legend that Christopher Columbus was from Calvi, which at the time was part of the Genoese empire. The 2nd Foreign Parachute Regiment of the French Foreign Legion is based in Calvi.

The economy of Calvi is mainly based on tourism, which started in 1950.



L'Île-Rousse

L'Île-Rousse () is a commune in the Haute-Corse department of Corsica, France. It has a permanent population of around 2,500. It was founded in 1758 by Pasquale Paoli to create a port that would not be in the hands of the Genoese like Calvi.



In French:

Carbon footprint

The term carbon footprint is how much carbon goes into the air because of something done by people or that is not done by nature. Doing something that burns fuel will make carbon dioxide gas (CO2). It is the total amount of greenhouse gases produced to directly and indirectly support human activities, usually expressed in equivalent tons of carbon dioxide. Just as walking on the sand leaves a footprint, burning fuel leaves carbon dioxide in the air, which is called a carbon footprint. Total carbon footprint/emission would include energy emissions from human activities - that is, from heat, light, power, and refrigeration and all transport related emissions from cars, freight, and distribution. 

The words "carbon footprint" are often seen in the news. They are used with the word sustainability, which means that we can keep doing something without making something bad happen. That is, if there is too much of a carbon footprint, then there is no sustainability. People and businesses are frequently asked to think about how much carbon they are putting into the air, and how this changes the environment and maybe causes global warming. This is typically said about travelling by aeroplane or by car, because burning fuel makes carbon dioxide gas.

Oil, gas, and coal are called "fossil fuels" because they come from fossils of ancient plants and animals. Those plants and animals had carbon in them. When we burn oil, gas, and coal, the carbon becomes carbon dioxide and goes into the air. This makes the greenhouse effect, which means that the carbon dioxide makes the earth warmer, like a greenhouse. A carbon footprint is the carbon dioxide that is put into the air because of a person, a group of people, an event, or a product.

The most common way to reduce the carbon footprint of humans is to Reduce, Reuse, Recycle, Refuse. Another easy option is to drive less. By walking or biking to the destination rather than driving, not only is a person going to save money on gas, but they will be burning less fuel and releasing fewer emissions into the atmosphere. However, if walking is not an option, one can look into carpooling to use public transportation options in their area.
Yet another option for reducing the carbon footprint of humans is to use less air conditioning and heating in the home. By adding insulation to the walls and attic of one's home, and installing weather stripping or caulking around doors and windows, one can lower their heating costs more than 25 percent. 
Choice of diet is a major influence on a person's carbon footprint. Animal sources of protein (especially red meat), rice (typically produced in high methane-emitting paddies), foods transported long distance and/or via fuel-inefficient transport (e.g., highly perishable produce flown long distance). Heavily processed and packaged foods are among the major contributors to a high carbon diet. 

Louisiana Purchase

The Louisiana Purchase was a land purchase made by President Thomas Jefferson in 1803. He bought the Louisiana territory from France, which was being led by Napoleon Bonaparte at the time, for 15,000,000 USD (about $320,000,000 in 2020 dollars). First, the men sent to France were allowed to spend up to 10 million USD in order to buy New Orleans and, if possible, the west bank of the Mississippi River. But then the French government said that for 5 million more dollars they would sell all of the Louisiana territory. Thomas Jefferson approved the deal and used his constitutional power to sign treaties to buy the land. The constitution does not say the president has the power to buy land from other countries, but he had the power to make treaties, so that is what he used. 

Napoleon Bonaparte sold the land because he needed money for the Great French War. The British had re-entered the war and France was losing the Haitian Revolution and could not defend Louisiana. Thomas Jefferson took the French offer as an opportunity to make America larger, even if it meant going against his Republican principles of small government (some would say he exceeded his constitutional power by accepting the deal on his own).
The purchase added 828,394 square miles and doubled the size of the U.S.. This included all of the modern states of Oklahoma, Nebraska, Kansas, Iowa, Missouri, and part of the states of Louisiana, Texas, Minnesota, Colorado, New Mexico, Wyoming, Montana, North Dakota, and South Dakota. It also included a small piece of land that is now part of Canada.

The Louisiana Purchase gave the U.S. control of the Mississippi River and the port city of New Orleans, both of which were used by farmers to ship their crops and get paid. It also ensured that France and other European countries would not try to take the land. France only controlled small bits of the territory. Because of that, the United States had to make other agreements with and payments to other governments and groups. The total amount paid for the Louisiana Purchase and all of these other agreements was about 2.6 billion USD.

The Lewis and Clark expedition explored the Louisiana Purchase and the Oregon Territory. They started from St. Louis. Their route traced the Missouri River.


Mattimeo

Mattimeo is a fantasy book written by Brian Jacques in 1989. It is the third book in the Redwall series. It was also translated into six different languages.

Mariel of Redwall

Mariel of Redwall is a fantasy book, written by Brian Jacques in 1991. It is the fourth book in the Redwall series. "Mariel of Redwall" has also been translated to seven different languages.

Salamandastron

Salamandastron is a fantasy book, written by Brian Jacques in 1992. It is the fifth book in the Redwall series, and has been translated into four different languages.
Salamandastron, the mountain ruled by Badger Lord Urthstripe the Strong, and guarded by forty hares of the Long Patrol, is under siege by the weasel Ferahgo the Assassin, his son Klitch, and his vermin army of "Corpsemakers". Meanwhile, two stoats at Redwall Abbey accidentally kill a Brother of Redwall and then run away with the sword of Martin the Warrior. Mara (Urthstripe's adopted daughter) and Pikkle Ffolger, her trusted hare friend, are fooled by Klitch and his lackey, and Mara and Pikkle leave Salamandastron. Meanwhile, the deadly Dryditch Fever breaks out in Redwall...

Martin the Warrior

Martin the Warrior is a fantasy book written by Brian Jacques in 1993. It is the sixth book in the Redwall series, and has been translated into nine different languages.

Zionism

Zionism is a nationalist movement that advocates for the creation and support of a homeland for the Jewish people in the Land of Israel. Amongst Jews living in Israel, Zionism is generally associated with a conservative religious worldview. 

The modern movement started in the late 19th century in Europe, as a reaction to increasing antisemitism and to ideas of assimilation. Zionism has had many different varieties that all shared the goal of creating a homeland for the Jewish People. The dominant variety at first was political Zionism, led by Theodor Herzl, but it later lost ground to the socialist Labor Zionism. 

In 1948, Zionism resulted in the creation of the state of Israel.

The word "Zionism" was first used in 1890. It comes from Zion, meaning Jerusalem, though it can also symbolically mean the Land of Israel as a whole. Jewish people at the time lived as minority groups among other nations all across the world, in what was called the diaspora. In the early 19th century, assimilation and legal emancipation were popular ideas among Jews in western Europe. However, in the late 19th century anti-Semitism became a bigger threat, with the 1881 Russian pogroms and the Dreyfus affair in France. This caused some Jewish thinkers to lose faith in the idea of ever being accepted in gentile societies. One of these thinkers was Theodor Herzl, who is often considered the father of modern Political Zionism. In his book, "the Jewish State," Herzl writes that the distinct status of Jews neither can, nor should, be changed. Instead he believed that antisemitism could be stopped by making the Jewish people a nation like any other, through giving them their own land. At the time there were multiple territories up for consideration, the most important being Argentina and Palestine. Herzl argues in favor of Palestine, thinking it would attract more people because of its status as the historic homeland of the Jews. Political Zionism was a secular movement and it was out of pragmatic considerations, rather than religious beliefs, that Palestine was chosen. In 1897 Herzl led the First Zionist Congress. There the Basel Program was adopted, espousing political Zionism and a Jewish homeland in the Land of Israel. The World Zionist Organization was created at the congress to support this goal. There were many more congresses after this, and at the fifth Zionist Congress in 1901 the Jewish National Fund was established with the goal of purchasing land in Palestine. 

Political Zionism wanted to work with the established powers to get a publicly recognized and legally assured homeland. Palestine at the time was under the control of the Ottoman Empire, but Herzl's attempts to get support from the Ottomans failed, and he had to appeal to the imperial powers of Europe. Herzl negotiated with British and Russian officials to use their influence to get official support for a Jewish homeland in Palestine, but this failed as well. In 1903 the British offered Herzl a Jewish homeland in Uganda instead, but this was eventually rejected by the Zionist congress. Only during World War I did the Zionist movement get the great power support they had been seeking. In 1917 the British signed the Balfour Declaration, wherein they declared that they "favour the establishment in Palestine of a national home for the Jewish people". Part of the British motivation in signing was getting support of Jews in Russia and the U.S.A. for the allied cause. After the war, the British Empire took control of Palestine and administered it as their own colony, the Mandate of Palestine. During this time the cooperation between the Zionist movement and the British continued, though there were still tensions. The alliance would fall apart just before World War II. 

Organized Jewish migration into Palestine began after the pogroms of 1881 with the Hibbat Zion movement. However, even when they later joined forces with the Zionist congress it remained a small movement, as most Jewish migrants went to the United States. Only 3% of the Jews fleeing eastern Europe between 1881 and World War I went to Palestine. In the first wave of migration, known as the first Aliyah, the Jewish immigrants established agricultural colonies called moshavot. These settlements were poor, and so the immigrants turned to outside sponsors for help, who funded the development of other systems. The farms were turned into wine and citrus plantations based on the model of French Algeria, where they employed mostly cheaper Palestinian labor. Jewish workers had to compete with Palestinian workers, which lowered their wages. The immigrants of the second Aliyah of 1905 included many socialists. They thought that they needed higher wages for the Jewish workers in order to attract immigrants for the Zionist project. They wanted a "conquest of labor", fighting the landowners for better working conditions, but also trying to exclude Arab workers from these jobs to give them to Jewish workers. 

This was the beginning of Labor Zionism, which would overtake Political Zionism as the dominant variety after World War I. Labor Zionism was influenced by socialist ideals, and believed that to build a Jewish state a strong Jewish working class had to be created as well. They established farms called kibbutzim where all the workers collectively owned the land. In 1920 they formed the Histadrut, a trade union that eventually gained control of large sectors of the economy, becoming one of the largest employers for Jewish workers. The secretary of the Histadrut, David Ben-Gurion, became the unofficial leader of the Zionist movement in 1935 when he became chairman of the Jewish Agency. In 1948 he declared the establishment of a Jewish State in the Land of Israel and became Israel's first prime minister.

Some Zionists believe that Israel should control the West Bank and the Gaza Strip. Other Zionists support a Two-state solution in which Israel and Palestine are separate countries. The entire region is the subject of the Israeli–Palestinian conflict.

Out of the conflict and segregation in Palestine, African Charter on Human and Peoples' Rights of African Union condemns Zionism as human rights violation, as well as apartheid and colonialism. 

The Bellmaker

The Bellmaker is a fantasy book written by Brian Jacques in 1994. It is the seventh book in the "Redwall" series. "The Bellmaker" has been translated into six different languages, including Finnish, French, German, Italian, Swedish, and Russian.

Outcast of Redwall

Outcast of Redwall is a fantasy book written by Brian Jacques in 1995. It is the eighth book in the Redwall series. "Outcast of Redwall" has been translated into six different languages, including Finnish, French, German, Italian, Swedish, and Russian.

The Pearls of Lutra

The Pearls of Lutra is a fantasy book written by Brian Jacques in 1996. It is the ninth book in the "Redwall" series. The American edition of the novel was titled Pearls of Lutra. "The Pearls of Lutra" has been translated into six different languages, including Finnish, French, German, Italian, Swedish, and Russian.

The Long Patrol

The Long Patrol is a children's fantasy book written by Brian Jacques in 1997. It is the tenth book in the Redwall series. "The Long Patrol" has been translated into four different languages including Finnish, French, Italian, and Swedish.

A young hare named Tammo wants to join the Long Patrol, the army of fighting hares that serves the Ruler of the mountain Salamandastron. But meanwhile Damug Warfang the rat and his evil army of cruel Rapscallions are coming. 

Shinshūshinmachi, Nagano

Shinshushinmachi is a town in Nagano Prefecture, Japan. It is south of Nagano city. It is famous for mutton, beautiful fireworks on August 15th, wasabi, soba, canoe polo, the Sai River, apples, and the fossil museum.

Rubén Darío

Félix Rubén García Sarmiento (January 18, 1867 – February 6, 1916) was a Nicaraguan journalist, diplomat, and poet who wrote under the pseudonym of Rubén Darío and is also known as The Father of Modernism.

English:

Spanish:

Primary Texts:


Gabriel García Márquez

Gabriel José de la Concordia García Márquez, also known as Gabo (March 6, 1927 – April 17, 2014) was a Colombian novelist, short-story writer, screenwriter, and journalist.

Márquez was concieved in a small town in Colombia, Aracataca. He originally studied to become a journalist. He began writing at the age of eighteen. His first books were based on his life.

He was best known for his novels "One Hundred Years of Solitude" (1967), "The Autumn of the Patriarch" (1975) and "Love in the Time of Cholera" (1985). His books were mainly about satire, solitude, magic realism, realism, and violence.

He won the Nobel Prize in Literature in December 1982. The reason was "for his novels and short stories, in which the fantastic and the realistic are combined in a richly composed world of imagination, reflecting a continent's life and conflicts".

Márquez wrote his last book in 2004. He retired in May 2008 because of his age and health.

Since 2012, Márquez was sick with Alzheimer's disease. He lived with his wife, Mercedes Barcha in Mexico City. Márquez died in Mexico City from pneumonia. He was 87 years old.

Márquez was born in Aracataca, Colombia. His parents were Gabriel Eligio García and Luisa Santiaga Márquez. His father was a pharmacist. His mother left him at a young age and he was raised by his grandparents and father. He studied at the University of Cartagena.

He started as a journalist, and wrote many famous non-fiction works and short stories. Márquez began writing at the age of eighteen. He began writing about living in an old house with grandparents.

He is best known for his novels, such as "One Hundred Years of Solitude" (1967), "The Autumn of the Patriarch" (1975), "Chronicle of a Death Foretold" (1981) and "Love in the Time of Cholera" (1985).

Most of his books are based or set in his birth_place, Aracataca. He mostly wrote books about realism or magical realism. His motifs included solitude and violence.

In 1982, he received the Nobel Prize in Literature "for his novels and short stories, in which the fantastic and the realistic are combined in a richly composed world of imagination, reflecting a continent's life and conflicts". When he was accepting the award, Márquez gave a speech called ""The Solitude of Latin America"".

In 2002, he published the memoir "Vivir para contarla"; the first of a projected three-volume autobiography. In 2004, he published another book named "Memories of My Melancholy Whores". It caused many problems and controversies in Iran. This book is banned in Iran.

Several of his stories have inspired other writers and directors. In 1987, the Italian director Francesco Rosi directed the movie "Cronaca di una morte annunciata", based on Chronicle of a "Death Foretold", written by Márquez.

A number of movies have been made of García Márquez's work. He also wrote some scripts for movies. He often worked with Carlos Fuentes for writing scripts. His famous book, "Love in the Time of Cholera" was also made into a movie in 2007.

Márquez met his wife, Mercedes Barcha, when they were in college. They wanted to get married when they both finished college but Márquez was sent to Europe. When he returned, Márquez married Barcha in 1958.

Márquez had two sons with Barcha. His first son, Rodrigo García, was born in 1959, one year after Márquez and Barcha were married. His second son, Gonzalo, was born in 1962 in Mexico. Rodrigo is a movie director and Gonzalo is a graphic designer.

Márquez and his family traveled by bus to Mexico. They settled in Mexico City. Márquez had always wanted to see the Southern United States because it inspired the writings of William Faulkner. Márquez lived with his family in Mexico City.

In 1999, García Márquez was diagnosed with lymphatic cancer. He went through chemotherapy and made a quick recovery. But, Márquez began developing side effects of old age which drove to his retirement in May 2008.

In 2012, Márquez became sick from Alzheimer's disease. On April 3, 2014, Márquez was hospitalized in Mexico. He had infections in his lungs and his urinary tract and was suffering from dehydration. Márquez later had pneumonia.

Márquez died of pneumonia at age 87 in Mexico City, Mexico. His remains were cremated the next day.







Come On Over

Come On Over is the first album released by Plain White T's.



Stop (album)

Stop is the second album released by the band Plain White T's. It was the first plain White T's album to be released on Fearless Records. The album was released August 20, 2002.


Angus cattle

The Angus cattle, also known as Black Angus, or Aberdeen Angus is a Scottish breed of black hornless cattle. They come from the counties of Aberdeen and Angus. It is a medium-sized to large breed, with the cow's weight averaging around 1000 lbs and bull's weight averaging from 1800 to 2000 lbs. Cattle are mostly black and naturally polled or hornless. They are commonly raised in Australia, New Zealand, United States, Canada, South America and the British Isles. It is one of the most popular beef breed in the United States as it is thought to be better quality beef. The American Angus Association made the "Certified Angus Beef" (CAB) standard in 1978 to push this thought.

Aberfan

Aberfan is a village in Mid Glamorgan, South Wales. In 1966, a colliery spoil tip fell onto the village, killing 28 adults and 116 children.

Porto-Vecchio

Porto-Vecchio () is a town and commune of the Corse-du-Sud department, on the island of Corsica, in France.Porto-Vecchio is the third largest town in Corsica after Bastia and Ajaccio.Porto-Vecchio is also a tourism city, tourists come from many countries around the world, in particular from Italy, Germany or the Netherlands. Porto-Vecchio has 10,000 inhabitants, 40,000 in the summer.

The town of Porto-Vecchio is also called the "city of salt", because this one was built on salt-water marshes which were drained in order to develop itself.

Corsican gastronomy is rich and varied. Many of food are seasonal like clementines or citrus. Corsica is the only region of France producing this variety of oranges, around 25,000 tonnes per year and 40% of this production comes from Porto-Vecchio or its area. This fruit is very famous for its freshness and the vitamins which it brings. Another fruit very significant in Corsica and in particular in Porto-Vecchio is the chestnut because they are used in many Corsican dishes, for example, it is used to make bread or crepe. A typically Corsican dish is the pig that is cooked in a lot of version, and that has famous part really good, like: "coppa", "lonzu" or "prizuttu", which one is similar to a parma ham but the most famous is "figatelli", which is smoked. The most typical cheese is called "brocciu".


Bonifacio

Bonifacio () is a town and commune near the southern tip of the island of Corsica, in the "département" of Corse-du-Sud, France. Its inhabitants are called "Bonifaciens" and the city was founded as a fortress and named after Boniface II of Tuscany in 828. Bonifacio is split into two sections. The "vieille ville" (old town), or "la Haute Ville" (the Upper city).

Bonifacio is located directly on the Mediterranean Sea, separated from Sardinia by the Strait of Bonifacio. The commune includes the Lavezzi Islands.



<br>

Aleria

Aléria (Greek and Roman Alalia) is a commune in the Haute-Corse "département" of France, on the island of Corsica. It includes the easternmost point in Metropolitan France.

Since 1950 the necropolis of Casabianda's is excavated and have revealed grave goods, from the Late Archaic period forwards, that include the finest works of art, in jewels, weapons, metalwares, bronze and ceramic plates and dishes in particular, Attic cups, and rhytons.

As Latin Alalia, it was the capital of the Roman province of Corsica.


Treptower Tollensewinkel

Treptower Tollensewinkel was an "Amt" in the former district of Demmin. Since 4 September 2011, it is an Amt in the Mecklenburgische Seenplatte Rural District. Both districts were/are in Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania, Germany.

The seat (capital city) of the "Amt" is in Altentreptow. 

The "Amt" Treptower Tollensewinkel consists of the following municipalities:

Tollense

The Tollense () is a river in Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania in northeastern Germany, right tributary of the Peene. The river starts as the outflow of the lake Tollensesee in Neubrandenburg. The Tollense is long and empties into the river Peene in Demmin.

According to several reports in the German media, several human remains of the bronze period have been found in the region named Tollense valley () since 1997.

Many showed signs of injury and violent death. In 2008 research was concentrated on an area of . Hundreds of bone fragments, as well as wooden weaponry and flintstone arrowheads have been discovered. The finds were possible due to the preservation of the former swamp ground and the fact that the Tollense has never really changed its flow.

It is now estimated that about 200 people died in a battle-like scenario in that valley about 1250 BC. Since the population then was about 5 people per square kilometre, about 13 people per square mile, this would've been the most important battle in Bronze Age Germany yet to be discovered. More investigation of the grounds is planned for the years 2010 to 2015.

All That We Needed

All That We Needed is the third album released by the band Plain White T's. The album was released January 25, 2005.


Every Second Counts

Every Second Counts is the fourth album released by Plain White T's. The album peaked at #10 on the "Billboard" 200 on July 29, 2007. The album was released on September 12, 2006.



A deluxe edition of "Every Second Counts" was released. It also has a different cover, with a white background instead of a brown background and includes a slipcase. It contains:

The DVD includes a live concert in the bands hometown Chicago. The set list was:

Fritz Reuter

Fritz Reuter (7 November 1810 – 12 July 1874) was a German novelist. He was born at Stavenhagen in Mecklenburg-Schwerin.

In 1831, Reuter started to study at the University of Rostock, and in 1832 went to the University of Jena. At Jena he joined a "Burschenschaft" (nationalist students' club). In 1833 he was arrested in Berlin by the Prussian government. They could only prove he had worn the club's colours, but he was condemned to death for high treason. King Frederick William III of Prussia changed this to imprisonment for thirty years. In 1838 he was sent to a prison in Mecklenburg-Schwerin, and he spent two years in the fortress of Dömitz. Reuter was set free in 1840, when Frederick William IV became king of Prussia.

After his release from prison, Reuter started studying law again at the University of Heidelberg but had to leave and go back to Stavenhagen and help to run his father's farm. When his father died, he gave up farming, and in 1850 became a private teacher in a little town then called Treptow-an-der-Tollense in Pomerania. Here he married Luise Kunze, the daughter of a Mecklenburg pastor.

Reuter's first book was written in Low German. It was published in 1853. Three years later Reuter decided to give up teaching to become a writer, so he left Treptow and moved to Neubrandenburg.

"Ut de Franzosentid" and "Ut mine Stromtid" are Reuter's best books. In them he describes the men and women he knew in the villages and farmhouses of Mecklenburg. "Ut de Franzosentid" is set at the time of the fight against Napoleon. "Ut mine Stromtid" describes the revolutionary movement of 1848.

In 1863 Reuter moved from Neubrandenburg to Eisenach and here he died on 12 July 1874. In the books he wrote at Eisenach were not as good as his earlier writings.

FRITZ REUTER (1810–1894) -Jrank

A complete bibliography of Fritz Reuter can be found in the "Niederdeutsches Jahrbuch" for 1896 and 1902.

Marlfox

Marlfox is a fantasy book written by Brian Jacques in 1998. It is the eleventh book in the Redwall series. "Marlfox" has been translated into two different languages other than English, including French and Italian.

The Legend of Luke

The Legend of Luke is a fantasy book written by Brian Jacques in 1999. It is the twelfth book in the Redwall series, and has been translated into two languages including French and Italian. It was also a "New York Times" Bestseller.

Lord Brocktree

Lord Brocktree is a fantasy book written by Brian Jacques in 2000. It is the thirteenth book in the "Redwall" series. Lord Brocktree was also translated into French.

A badger Lord named Brocktree is a strong badger with a mighty sword. With the help of friends Lord Brocktree takes back the mountain fortress of Salamandastron from Ungatt Trunn the Wildcat Warlord and his vermin horde.

The Taggerung

The Taggerung is a fantasy book written by Brian Jacques in 2001. It is the fourteenth book in the "Redwall" series. The title of the American book was Taggerung. It was also translated into French.

Triss

Triss is a fantasy book written by Brian Jacques in 2002. It is the fifteenth book in the "Redwall" series. It was also translated into French.

A young female squirrel named Trisscar (mostly called Triss) is a slave to a royal family of white ferrets who live in a castle on an island. Along with two other slaves, Shogg (a male otter) and Welfo (a female hedgehog), Triss escapes from the island. The evil ferrets chase Triss and her friends. Triss and Shogg join forces with warriors from Redwall Abbey and the mountain Salamandastron, and together, the woodland creatures fight rats, ferrets, snakes, and more in their fight for freedom.

Loamhedge

Loamhedge is a fantasy book written by Brian Jacques in 2003. It is the sixteenth book in the "Redwall" series. It was translated into French and Russian, and was a "New York Times" bestseller.

"Loamhedge" is about a young hare named Martha who cannot move her legs, and must use a wheelchair. It is also about the travels of her brother Horty, along with friends Bragoon, Saro, Fenna, and Springald, who are trying to find a cure for Martha.

Rakkety Tam

Rakkety Tam is a fantasy book written by Brian Jacques in 2004. It is the seventeenth book in the Redwall series, and it was also translated into French.

When the wolverine Gulo the Savage and his army of vermin sweep across the land, it's up to the squirrel Rakkety Tam MacBurl and his friend Wild Doogy Plumm with one hundred hares from Salamandastron to stop the wicked wolverine and protect Redwall Abbey and the land of Mossflower.

High Rhulain

High Rhulain is a fantasy book written by Brian Jacques in 2005. It is the eighteenth book in the "Redwall" series, and was also translated into French and Russian.

A young female otter named Tiria Wildlough is living at Redwall Abbey. When she gets a vision and riddle from the long-dead hero Martin the Warrior, she sets out with a hare named Cuthbert Blanedale Frunk in search of an island called Green Isle to fight an evil wildcat and lead a bunch of otters to freedom.

Eulalia!

Eulalia! is a children's fantasy book. It's the nineteenth book in the "Redwall" novel series, and was written by Brian Jacques in 2007.

Vizka Longtooth, a wicked fox pirate, captures a young badger named Gorath. At the same time, the old badger king of the mountain Salamandastron tells a young female hare named Maudie to go and find a new badger to be king after he dies. At Redwall Abbey, a young hedgehog named Orkwil Prink gets kicked out of the abbey because he keeps stealing stuff. What will happen to these three animals and the wicked fox pirate? 

Li Bai

Li Bai (also Li Bo or Li Po, ; 701–762) was a Chinese poet. His fellow poet Du Fu counted him to the group of Chinese scholars that he called the "Eight Immortals of the Wine Cup" in a poem. Li Bai is often regarded, along with Du Fu, as one of the two greatest poets in China's literary history. Today we know about 1,100 of his poems.

The first translations in a Western language were published in 1862 by Marquis d'Hervey de Saint-Denys in his "Poésies de l'Époque des Thang". The English-speaking world was introduced to Li Bai's works by a Herbert Allen Giles publication "History of Chinese Literature" (1901) and through the liberal, but poetically influential, translations of Japanese versions of his poems made by Ezra Pound.

Li Bai is best known for the imagination and Taoist imagery in his poetry. He spent much of his life travelling. People tell the story that he fell from his boat when he tried to embrace the reflection of the moon, and therefore drowned in the Yangtze River.

Li Bai was probably born in Central Asia, though the exact location is unknown. His ancestors had lived in exile in that area since around the 7th century. He grew up in a fairly poor family. His father was a merchant. Li Bai did not receive any formal schooling as a child. Despite this, he had always been skilled with the art of words even as a young boy. In 705, Li Bai's father moved the family back to Mien-chou in Sichuan. It was there that he spent most of his early childhood.

As Lai Bai grew up he developed his sword fighting skills. He spent his teenage years traveling all of Sichuan as a knight-errant. At age 25, he traveled to Central China. In 727, Li Bai traveled to A-lu in Hubei. He married the daughter of the retired prime minister. There, he continued to explore the natural world where he lived.

In 735, Li Bai traveled north to the Yellow River, and east to the Yangtze River. In 742, he traveled to Chang’an, and was presented to the Emperor. The Emperor gave Li Bai many compliments, and thought highly of him. He gave Li Bai a position at the Hanlin Academy. Li Bai received a lot of attention from fellow scholar-officials.

Li Bai enjoyed drinking liquor. He is known for often getting very drunk with seven other officials in city taverns. This earned them the title the "Eight Immortals of the Wine Cup" from Du Fu, another one of China's best poets at the time.

In 744, Li Bai left the city of Chang'an. He was bored with the luxuries of city life. A year later, he met up with Du Fu, in Loyang. It was here that he also became a Taoist, a decision that would change the rest of his life. After settling his family down in Loyang, he left on another ten-year journey wandering around northern China. During this time, his poetry reflects his shift in interest to Toasm rather than his youthful interests of knightly behaviors and gallantry. While famous and well known, Li Bai started to struggle with problems like lack of money and property.

Li Bai is best known for his imaginative and witty poetry. It involves romantic descriptions of nature, and opinions on ethics and death. He was famous among both nobles and commoners in his time, and is thought of as one of the four best poets during the Tang Dynasty. He is also well known for his Taoist beliefs and rebellion against Confucian teachings through his writing.

One of Li Bai's most famous poems is "Drinking Alone by Moonlight" (, pinyin: Yuè Xià Dú Zhuó), which is a good example of some of the most famous aspects of his poetry—a very spontaneous poem, full of natural images. Li Bai actually wrote several poems with the same title; Arthur Waley's version of the most famous reads:

Li Bai’s poetry reflects the state of low feeling one experiences when he finds his life is wasted, and talents unused. To drown his own sorrows, Li Bo became very drunk very often, until it became a lifelong habit. Wine, however did help him write. While he was drunk, Li Bai was able to compose beautiful verses without restraint. Without anything holding him back, Li Bai’s finest poems were composed with much spontaneity and imagination.

Li Bai is influential in the West partly due to Ezra Pound's versions of some of his poems in the collection "Cathay", such as . In the east he influenced poets like Mi Fei in the Song Dynasty.

A crater on the planet Mercury has been named after him.


Online translations (some with original Chinese, pronunciation, and literal translation):

Stop

Stop may refer to:














Naguib Mahfouz

Abdelaziz Ibrahim Ahmed Al-Basha (), ; 11 December 1911 – 30 August 2006), known as Naguib Mahfouz, was an Egyptian novelist who won the 1988 Nobel Prize in Literature.

He managed to modernize Arabic literature. He is one of the few writers of Arabic literature who explored themes of existentialism.

Naguib Mahfouz was born in the Gamaliya quarter of Cairo and was named after Professor Naguib basha Mahfouz (1882-1974), the renowned Coptic physician who delivered him. In his childhood Mahfouz read extensively. His mother often took him to museums and Egyptian history. later became a major theme in many of his books.

The Egyptian Revolution of 1915 had a strong effect on Mahfouz, although he was at the time only seven years old. From the window he often saw English soldiers firing at the demonstrators, men and women. "You could say," he later noted, "that the one thing which most shook the security of my childhood was the 1919 revolution."

Before the Nobel Prize only a few of his novels had appeared in the West.
Because of his outspoken support for Anwar el Sadat's treaty with Israel, his books were banned in many Arab countries until after he won the Nobel prize.

Like many Egyptian writers and intellectuals, Mahfouz was on a "death list" by Islamic fundamentalists. He defended Salman Rushdie after the Iranian leader Ruhollah Khomeini condemned him to death, but later he criticized Rushdie's "Satanic Verses" as "insulting" to Islam.

Before his death, Mahfouz was the oldest living Nobel Literature laureate and the third oldest of all time, only Bertrand Russell and Halldor Laxness were older. At the time of his death, he was the only Arabic-language writer to have won the Nobel Prize for Literature.



Marcel Proust

Valentin Louis Georges Eugène Marcel Proust (French pronounced: maʁsɛl pʁust) (10 July 1871 – 18 November 1922) was a French novelist, essayist and critic, best known as the author of "À la recherche du temps perdu" (in English, "Remembrance of Things Past)", a monumental work of twentieth-century fiction published in seven parts from 1913 to 1927.

Proust was a homosexual. He died of pneumonia.



Ashoka

Ashoka was a famous emperor of the Mauryan Dynasty of South Asia who ruled from 268-232 BC. His name means "Without Sorrow".

Ashoka is often cited as one of South Asia's greatest emperors. After a number of military conquests, he reigned over much of present-day India, and Eastern Pakistan. He fought a war with the kingdom of Kalinga in which there was said to be 200,000+ casualties. He conquered Kalinga (present-day Odisha) around 261 BCE.

Afterwards, shaken by his brutal victory, he decided to become a Buddhist and lead with peace, not war. To do this, he set up hospitals for animals and humans, created shaded and rested areas along roads for weary travelers to rest, and dug wells in villages. We know these things about his life through various inscriptions (writing) on rocks and pillars. Ashoka also convinced people to follow Buddhists paths.

The national emblem of India and the "Ashok Chakra" are created by Ashoka. It's in the flag to keep a remembrance of him.

Puritanism

The Puritans were a group of English-speaking Protestants in the 16th and 17th centuries. Puritans thought that the English Reformation had not gone far enough. They also did not agree with some of the things the Church of England did.

King Henry VIII separated from the Roman Catholic Church in 1534 and established the Protestant Church of England. This Church remained until 1553. Queen Mary returned the Church to Roman Catholicism until 1558 when Elizabeth I of England became Queen. Since she was a Protestant many people were happy, but thought that the Church had not changed enough and was still too much like Catholicism.

A Puritan was any person who tried to become purer through worship and doctrine. The Puritans' way of life and set of beliefs were called Puritanism. The most important parts of Puritanism were piety (obeying religious rules), dressing simply, and living a modest life.

The Puritans believed some of the same things as Calvinists and Scottish Presbyterians. All of these groups were devoted to the Bible and to being morally pure.

One of the Puritans' most important beliefs was that every person needed to understand the Bible in his own way. (This belief is shared among most Protestants.) Puritans tried to live by the Bible's teachings in every way. They tried to be morally pure in even the smallest ways. They also tried to be spiritually pure in every way. They thought that man existed for the glory of God. They believed that man's most important job in life was to do God's will (what God wanted). By doing God's will, man would be rewarded with happiness in the future.

Because they did not agree with the way the Church of England did things, the Puritans made reforms, or changes, in their own churches and societies. Some of the Reformed churches in Europe made similar changes. The Puritans made preaching very important. They used as little ritual and decoration as possible. Very often, sermons talked about Hell. One famous sermon is "Sinners in the hands of an angry god", by Jonathan Edwards, an important Puritan preacher. The sermon talks about God being angry with people for sinful behavior, and throwing them into the fires of Hell as a punishment.

Many Puritan groups emigrated to New England so that they could start their own societies there and practice Puritanism the way they wanted. Puritan beliefs and writings became very important in New England. One important work was Puritan John Bunyan's "The Pilgrim's Progress".

Those who left the Church of England altogether were known as Separatists. Many of the Plymouth Colony Pilgrims who established the first successful colony in New England were separatists.


Devario

Devario is a genus of fish. It is a relative of the aquarium fish "Danio". Generally, they are larger than "Danio", and have deeper bodies than "Danio" species. They have vertical or horizontal stripes. In size, they range from 5 to 15 cm (2 to 6 in).

They are native to the freshwater rivers and streams of southeast Asia. Many species are brightly coloured, and are available as aquarium fish. They are active swimmers, and do best in a long tank.

Đá Nhảy Beach

Da Nhay Beach is a beach on the shore of South China Sea. Da Nhay in Vietnamese means "the rocks that jump". The beach was called this because of the geographical appearance of it; it has thousands rock reaching the sea and surrounding small fine sand beaches.

It is about 40 km north of Đồng Hới city, Quảng Bình Province, Vietnam.


Nhật Lệ Beach

Nhat Le Beach is a beach in Đồng Hới city, the capital of Quảng Bình Province. 

The sand there is fine and white with clean water. The beach is located on the mouth of Nhật Lệ River emptying into South China Sea. There is a four-star resort at the opposite bank of the river and another under construction. 

Nhật Lệ River

The Nhật Lệ River is a river in Đồng Hới City, Quảng Bình Province, Vietnam. 

The Nhat Le River is 152 km long and splits up into other rivers such as the Kien Giang River, which is 58 km in length, and the Long Dai River, which it is 77 km long.


Varanasi

Varanasi (Sanskrit: वाराणसी "Vārāṇasī",Telugu: వారణాసి, [ʋaːɾaːɳəsiː), also commonly known as Banaras and Kashi, is a city on the banks of the river Ganga (Ganges) in the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh. Hindus, Buddhists and Jains think it is holy. It is one of the oldest continually inhabited cities in the world.

Rani Lakshmibai, the Rani of Jhansi from 1842 to 6/18/1858, an Indian queen and charismatic female strategist, was born here, named Manikarnika. On 10 May 1857, she led the Hindu revolt, also known as India's First War of Independence, against the British navy. She died on 6/17/1858 or 6/18/1858 at age 29.


Munshi Premchand

Munshi Premchand (Hindi: प्रेमचंद, Urdu: پریمچںد‎), whose original name was Dhanpat Rai Srivastava, He was born on 31 July 1880 and he died on 8 October 1936. He was a writer of modern Hindi and Urdu literature.

Munshi Premchand (, ), whose original name was "Dhanpat Rai Srivastava" , was born on 31 July 1880, in village "Lamahi" near Varanasi, where his father was a clerk in the post office. Premchand's parents died young - his mother when he was seven and his father while he was fourteen and still a student. Premchand was left responsible for his stepmother and step-siblings. 

Early in life, Premchand faced immense poverty. He earned five rupees a month tutoring a lawyer's child. He was married at the early age of fifteen but that marriage failed, later he married again, to Shivrani Devi, a balavidhava (child widow), and had several children. She supported him through life struggles. 

Premchand passed his exam with great effort in 1898, and in 1899 he took up school-teaching job, with a monthly salary of eighteen rupees. In 1919 he passed his B.A. with English, Persian and History. Later, Premchand worked as the deputy sub-inspector of schools.

Premchand lived a life of financial struggle. Once he took a loan of two-and-a-half rupees to buy some clothes. He had to struggle for three years to pay it back.

When asked why he does not write anything about himself, he answered: "What greatness do I have that I have to tell anyone about? I live just like millions of people in this country; I am ordinary. My life is also ordinary. I am a poor school teacher suffering family travails. During my whole lifetime, I have been grinding away with the hope that I could become free of my sufferings. But I have not been able to free myself from suffering. What is so special about this life that needs to be told to anybody?". 

During his last years,he became terribly ill. The money his wife used to give for his treatment was used in running his press "The Saraswati". He was also writing a book "Mangalsutra" which would never be completed. All this had serious impact on his health leading to his early death on 8th October 1936, at the age of 56.

The main characteristic of Premchand's writings is his interesting story-telling and use of simple language. His novels describe the problems of the rural peasant classes. He avoided the use of highly Sanskritized Hindi (as was the common practice among Hindi writers), and also Spanish language.

Premchand has written about 300 short stories, several novels as well as many essays and letters. He has also written some plays. He also did some translations. Many of Premchand's stories have been translated into English and Russian.

"Godaan" (The gift of a cow), his last novel, is considered the finest Hindi novel of all times. The hero, Hori, a poor peasant, desperately longs for a cow, a symbol of wealth and prestige in rural India. Hori gets a cow but pays with his life for it. After his death, the village priests demand a cow from his widow to bring his soul to peace.

In "Kafan" (Shroud), a poor man collects money for the funeral rites of his dead wife, but spends it on food and drink.




Satyajit Ray filmed two of Premchand's works – "Sadgati" and "Shatranj Ke Khiladi". "Sadgati" (Salvation) is a short story about poor Dukhi, who gets exhausted to death while he hews wood for more or less nothing. "Shatranj ke Khiladi" (The Chess Players) tells the story of chess players who are so concentrated on a game that they forget their responsibilities in the midst of a crisis.



Kashi

Kashi can mean:

Dependent territory

A dependent territory is a territory that is not fully independent or sovereign. They belong to a sovereign state, and are dependent on that state to some degree. There are varying degrees and forms of such a dependence. They are commonly distinguished from subnational entities in that they are not considered to be part of the state. A subnational entity typically represents a division of the country proper, while a dependent territory is a legally separate territory that enjoys a greater degree of autonomy.

As an example, Greenland is a dependent territory of Denmark, and Saint Helena is a dependent territory of the United Kingdom.

Most of these dependent territories were originally colonies, which often had no autonomy.

This list includes all territories that have not been legally incorporated into their governing state, including several territories that are not on the list of non-self-governing territories of the General Assembly of the United Nations. Dependency claims without general international recognition, including all claims in Antarctica, are listed in "italics".

"Summary:" New Zealand has one dependent territory (Tokelau) and a "territorial claim in Antarctica", as well as two self-governing associated states.

"Summary:" Norway has 1 dependent territory and "2 dependency claims".

"Summary:" the United Kingdom has 13 Overseas Territories (10 autonomous, 1 restricted to military personnel, 1 uninhabited, 1 group of Sovereign Base Areas), 3 Crown dependencies (autonomous), and "1 dependency claim".

"Summary:" the United States has 11 dependent territories and 2 dependency claims. The uninhabited Palmyra Atoll is administered similarly to some of these territories, but unlike the others is a fully incorporated part of the United States.

Notes

Pidgin

Pidgin is a simplified language. Pidgin languages serve as a crucial precursor to the development of Creole languages, acting as a simplified form of communication that emerges in situations of linguistic contact, such as trade, colonization, or slavery. Pidgins typically arise when speakers of different languages come into regular contact but do not share a common language. These pidgins often incorporate elements from multiple languages, such as vocabulary and basic grammar, to facilitate basic communication. However, pidgins lack the complexity and stability of fully developed languages, as they are typically used in specific contexts and by speakers who also maintain their native languages. Pidgins are not usually as complicated as many other languages.

The transition from pidgin to Creole occurs when pidgin languages become more stable, acquiring native speakers who use them as their primary means of communication. As these pidgins are passed down through generations, they undergo a process of creolization, wherein they develop more complex grammatical structures, expanded vocabulary, and clearer phonological features. Creole languages emerge as fully developed languages with native speakers who use them in various social contexts beyond their original pidgin functions. This process of creolization often occurs over generations as children learn the pidgin as their first language and contribute to its development through regular use and natural language evolution.
The term "pidgin" originates from the Chinese word "pídīng," meaning "business" or "trading." Pidgin was used by English sailors and traders in the 18th century to communicate with Chinese merchants. Pidgin referred to a simplified language formed from a combination of different languages for the purpose of trade or communication between speakers of different native languages. As colonial powers expanded their influence, pidgin languages emerged in various regions around the world, including the Pacific Islands, Africa, and the Caribbean, often as a result of interactions between indigenous peoples, Europeans, and enslaved Africans.

Pidgin languages typically develop in contexts of contact between groups with no common language and are characterized by simplified grammar, reduced vocabulary, and a mixture of linguistic elements from multiple languages. Over time, as pidgin languages become more stable and are passed on to the next generation as a native language, they can evolve into creole languages. Creoles are fully developed languages with their own grammar, vocabulary, and syntax, often incorporating elements from the pidgin's parent languages but also exhibiting unique features. Creole languages arise when children are exposed to pidgin languages as their first language and develop them into fully functional means of communication within their communities. Thus, while pidgin languages serve as simplified contact languages for immediate communication, creole languages represent the natural evolution and expansion of these simplified forms into fully developed linguistic systems.

Countries that use pidgin languages as their official languages include Papua New Guinea, Jamaica and some other Caribbean and Central American countries:

<nowiki>*</nowiki>"Language data changes daily and should not be used as exact numbers" 












Eiterfeld

Eiterfeld is a village in Germany in the east of Hesse. It can be found north of the town of Fulda and south of the town of Bad Hersfeld.

The most important building is Burg Fürsteneck, a castle from the Middle Ages. It is preserved and restored competely.


SOCKS

SOCKS is an Internet protocol that allows one client computer to connect to another computer via a third computer (SOCKS server). SOCKS is an abbreviation for "SOCKetS".

When a direct connection between two computers (clients) is not possible for some services (e.g. HTTP, FTP, or chat protocols like MSN and AOL), a user can use these services via a so-called SOCKS server (routing).

Example: Bill wants to chat with Jane. Bill has a bad service provider who limits internet access. Bill's computer then connects to the SOCKS server, which is able to "chat" with Jane's computer without restrictions.

An HTTP proxy works similar to a SOCKS server, but is limited on routing HTTP traffic only.

Squid cache

Squid cache, or simply Squid, is a type of proxy server. They have many different uses, including making web servers faster. It is mostly used in HTTP and FTP protocols, but it has some support for some other types of protocols, like SSL, TLS, and HTTPS. It has been made over several years by people in the University of California in San Diego. It was made to be run on Linux-type computers, but with the use of Cygwin, it can also run completely on Windows computers. It is licensed under the GNU General Public License.


Corsican language

Corsican ("" or "Lingua Corsa") is a Romance language spoken on the island of Corsica (France), together with French, which is the official language. Similar languages are also spoken on the nearby island of Sardinia (Italy), in the city of Sassari and the historical region of Gallura. Corsican is similar to the dialects of Central Italy, particularly in Tuscany. Corsican is spoken by almost 35% of people in Corsica.

According to its UNESCO classification, the Corsican language is now in danger of becoming extinct. The language is separated into two dialects, "Northern Corsican", spoken in the Bastia and Corte areas, and "Southern Corsican", spoken around Sartene and Porto-Vecchio. The dialect of Ajaccio has been described as in transition. The dialects spoken at Calvi and Bonifacio are like the Genoa dialect, also known as Ligurian.

In the Sardinian region of Gallura, including the town of Tempio Pausania, and on the island of La Maddalena "Gallurese" is spoken. The Corsican language is very important for the Corsican culture, because it is really rich in proverbs.


PMMP

PMMP is a Finnish pop rock band. The band has two singers: Paula Vesala and Mira Luoti and three musicians Mikko Virta, Juho Vehmanen and Heikki Kytölä. The band writes their own songs with Jori Sjöroos. PMMP became popular in Finland in 2003, with the song "Rusketusraidat". Their biggest hit is a song called "Oo siellä jossain mun".

In November 2007, PMMP released their fourth album "Puuhevonen" which has songs for children. 






Louis III of France

Louis III of France (863/865 – 5 August 882) was the King of Western Francia. He was the second son of King Louis the Stammerer and Ansgarde. He and his brother Carloman, both became king together and ruled together after his father's death in 879.

Louis won an important battle against the Viking pirates at the Battle of Saucourt-en-Vimeu, in 881. He died in August 882 at Saint Denis after falling from his horse. Because he had no children, his brother Carloman became the sole king.

Carloman II

Carloman II of France (c. 866 – 12 December 884), king of Western Francia, was the youngest son of King Louis the Stammerer and Ansgarde. He and his brother Louis III of France shared the kingship when their father died in 879. Carloman became sole king in 882 when his brother died.

Carloman had problems with Viking raiders during his reign. He died while hunting on December 12, 884.

Eldest

Eldest is the second book in the "Inheritance Cycle" by Christopher Paolini. It comes after "Eragon" and was first published in hardcover on August 23, 2005. The paperback came out in September of 2006.

In this book Eragon, with his dragon Saphira visits the elf city Ellesmera to complete his training. He is accompanied by a dwarf Orik and the elf, Arya. Here he finds out that the mysterious Mourning Sage had been another rider named Oromis, and his dragon Glaedr. Oromis is an Elf and is very old so he cannot fight Galbatorix but he can teach Eragon and Saphira. Eragon now has his own disability; his back pains him very much when ever he fights or exerts himself. During his stay, in a celebration of the elves the dragons grant Eragon with a gift, he is transformed, gaining the physical features of an elf. His back is also healed. He becomes much faster, stronger and his lessons become easier. His training is disrupted by news that the Varden are being attacked by a huge army sent by Galbatorix. Eragon goes to their aid and helps them in battle and has an encounter with another dragon rider and his red dragon. The Rider turns out to be Murtagh. Galbatorix had captured him after the battle in Farthen Dur and when a dragon hatched for him, Galbatorix made them swear oaths in the Ancient Language (so they cannot break them) that they would only serve him. They are bound by their oath to try and capture Eragon and Saphira. Eragon loses but Murtagh leaves him because he has "tried", telling him that Galbatorix will make sure Murtagh's oaths are stronger next time. He takes Za'roc from Eragon, because it was Morzan's sword. He also tells Eragon they are brothers and that Eragon is also the son of Morzan.

Charles the Fat

Charles the Fat (13 June 839 – 13 January 888) was the King of Alemannia from 876, King of Italy from 879, Holy Roman Emperor (as Charles III) from 881, King of East Francia from 882, and King of West Francia from 884. He lost control of East Francia, Lotharingia, and possibly Italy in 887. He died a few weeks later in January 888. 

Odo of France

Odo of France (c. 857 – January 1, 898) was a king of the Franks (888 - 898). He was a son of Robert the Strong, count of Anjou, and is sometimes called duke of France and also as count of Paris. His family is known as the Robertians. Odo made Paris his capital and that was important to making the start of modern France.

839

839 was a year starting on a Wednesday on the Julian Calendar.



820

820 (DCCCXX) was .


843

The year 843 (DCCCXLIII) was a common year starting on Monday of the Julian calendar.


898

Year 898 (DCCCXCVIII) was a common year starting on Sunday of the Julian calendar.



Philadelphia City Hall

The Philadelphia City Hall is a city hall in Philadelphia, United States. It is 167 meters (548 feet) tall and has 9 floors. It was built in 1901.

Philadelphia City Hall was the tallest building in the world from 1901 to 1908. Before it was built, the tallest building in the world was Philadelphia City Hall. The Singer Building became the tallest seven year later. 


Virtual Magic Kingdom

Virtual Magic Kingdom was an online game community run by Disney. It was made to be an online version of the Magic Kingdom in Disney World which is in Florida. The game opened in 2005 and closed in 2008.

Treaty of Verdun

The Treaty of Verdun (843) happened two generations after Charlemagne and divided his empire into three parts. When Charlemagne's son Louis the Pious died in 840, his oldest son Lothair I said that he ruled his younger brothers and their lands. But his brothers Louis the German and Charles the Bald won the Battle of Fontenoy (841).

Each of the brothers already had one kingdom - Lothair in Italy, Louis the German in Bavaria, and Charles the Bald in Aquitaine. 




Jousting

Jousting was a sport for rich people in Europe during the Middle Ages and the Renaissance. It was fought by knights on horses using different weapons such as lances, battle axes, daggers, and swords. The knights wore armor and fought in tournaments.

Quảng Bình province

Quảng Bình () is a province in the North Central Coast of Vietnam.

The province has the World Heritage Phong Nha-Ke Bang National Park. The province is the place of birth of several famous Vietnamese persons, including general Vo Nguyen Giap, the family of former South Vietnamese president Ngo Dinh Diem, poet Han Mac Tu, and writer Bao Ninh. During the Vietnam War, this province was severely devastated by bombing by U.S. B-52s.

GI (military)

GI or G.I. is a term used to describe a member of the United States armed forces or an item of their equipment. The term is often thought to be an initialism of "Government Issue" but the origin of the term is in fact "galvanized iron" after the letters "GI" that were used for equipment such as metal trash cans made from it in U.S. Army inventories and supply records.

Hồ Ngọc Hà

Hồ Ngọc Hà (born 25 November, 1984) is a Vietnamese singer, model and actress. She became famous when she won 1st prize of super model contest of Vietnam in 2003 and 2004, then she turned to act as singer.

Hồ Ngọc Hà was born in Đồng Hới city, Quảng Bình province to a banking family. Her grandfather was of French descent. She studied piano at Military College of Arts . She is now living in Ho Chi Minh City.


Max Wolf

Maximilian Franz Joseph Cornelius Wolf (21 June 1863 – 3 October 1932) was a German astronomer. He was born in Heidelberg, Germany. He discovered the first Trojan asteroid, 588 Achilles.

Steeping

Steeping may mean:

One example is the steeping of corn, part of the milling process. As described by the US Corn Refiners Association, harvested kernels of corn are cleaned and then steeped in water at a temperature of 50 degrees for 30 to 40 hours. In the process their moisture content rises from 15% to 45% and their volume more than doubles. The gluten bonds in the corn are weakened and starch is released. 

The corn is then ground to break free the germ and other components, and the water used (steepwater), which has absorbed various nutrients, is recycled for use in animal feeds. 

Gluten

Gluten // is a composite of the proteins "gliadin" and "glutenin". These proteins are found in the endosperms of some grass-like grains such as wheat, rye and barley. Gliadin and glutenin make up about 80% of the protein contained in wheat seed. As they are insoluble in water, they can be got by washing away the starch in the grain. Worldwide, gluten is an important source of food protein, both in foods prepared directly from grains with gluten in them, and as an additive to foods that are low in protein.

Some people are very sensitive to glutens in their food. When they eat foods which contain gluten, these people may experience stomach cramps, bloating, gas and diarrhoea and rashes. This sensitivity is called coeliac disease (in North America, it is usually spelled "celiac disease"). 



Octal

The octal numeral system is a base 8 numeral system. It uses the numerals 0 through 7. The system is similar to binary (base 2) and hexadecimal (base 16). Octal numerals are written using the letter "o" before the numeral, for example, o04 or o1242. Octal numbers are also sometimes written with a small 8 to the lower right, as in 1242.

At one time, the octal system was used mainly for work with computers. It provided an easier way to work with binary numbers. As computers changed from using 24-bit systems to 32- and 64-bit systems, hexadecimal replaced octal for most uses. Certain groups, for example, Native Americans using the Yuki language in California and the Pamean languages in Mexico, also use an octal numbering system. They do this because when they count, they use the spaces between their fingers instead of counting the actual fingers.

The octal numeral system uses a "three-bit" binary coding. Each digit in an octal numeral is the same as three digits in a binary numeral. The grouping of the binary digits is done from right to left. The first three binary digits from the right are grouped into the last part of the octal numeral, then the next three digits form the next to the last part of the numeral.
In the decimal system (base 10), each digit in octal is equal to that digit multiplied by the exponent of 8 that is equal to its location minus one.
Example: o3425 to decimal
Octal is similar to hexadecimal because they are both easily converted to binary. Where octal is equal to three-digit binary, hexadecimal is equal to four-digit binary. Where octal numerals start with the letter "o", hexadecimal numerals end with the letter "h". The easiest way to convert from one to the other is to convert to binary and then to the other system.



Rubiaceae

Rubiaceae is a family of flowering plants, variously called the madder, bedstraw, or coffee family. There are about 600 genera and more than 10,000 species in Rubiaceae. 

There are three subfamilies: "Rubioideae", "Cinchonoideae" and "Ixoroideae".


Gentianales

Gentianales are an order of flowering plants.
Under the APG definition some well-known members of Gentianales are coffee, gardenias, and frangipani.


Danish Centre of Urban History

The Danish Centre of Urban History (in Danish, "Dansk Center for Byhistorie") is a research and communication center for the history of Danish cities. The centre was founded in 2001 by The Institute of History and Area Studies at Aarhus University and The Old Town, National Open Air Museum of Urban History and Culture. 

The Centre has two book series called "Danish Urban Studies" and "Writings on Danish Urban History". These series have books and articles about Danish urban history from medieval ages until today. The centre provides Danish urban history to a wider audience on the internet through a website called The Digital City Gate. This site gives access to databases and presentations of Danish urban history. It mainly focuses on the period from 1600 to 1900.


Gardenia

Gardenia is a genus of about 250 species of flowering plants in the family Rubiaceae. Gardenia can be found in the tropical and subtropical regions of Africa, southern Asia, Australasia and Oceania.

The genus was named by Carl Linnaeus after "Dr Alexander Garden" (1730-1791), Scottish-born American naturalist.

They are evergreen shrubs and small trees growing to 1–15 m tall. The leaves are opposite or in whorls of three or four, 5–50 cm long and 3–25 cm broad, dark green and glossy with a leathery texture. The flowers are solitary or in small clusters, white or pale yellow. Flowering is from about mid-spring to mid-summer and many species are strongly scented.

Gardenia plants are prized for the strong sweet scent of their flowers, which can be very large in some species.

Gardenias have a reputation for being difficult to grow. Because they originated in warm humid tropical areas, they demand high humidity.


Frangipani

Plumeria (common name Frangipani) is a small genus of 7-8 species that grow in tropical and subtropical Americas. The genus consists of mainly deciduous shrubs and trees. "P. rubra" (Common Frangipani, Red Frangipani), that grows in Mexico, Central America, and Venezuela, produces flowers ranging from white, yellow to pink. From Mexico and Central America, "Plumeria" has spread to all tropical areas of the world, especially Hawaii, where it grows so abundantly that many people think that it is native there.

"Plumeria" is related to the Oleander, "Nerium Oleander", and both possess poisonous, milky sap, rather similar to that of "Euphorbia".


Religious conversion

Religious conversion is the adoption of a new religious identity, or a change from one religious identity to another. "Conversion" can take place not only from one religion to another, but also between different denominations, within the same faith, when this involves a felt change of spiritual identity rather than other reasons such as convenience.




Min Nan

Min or Miin (Minnan in Mandarin Chinese), more commonly referred to as Hokkien, Taiwanese, Holo, or Hoklo, is a group of languages that is spoken in southern China. It is spoken in the southern part of Fujian. It is also spoken in Taiwan, Singapore, Guangdong, and Hainan. The name of the language comes from the Min River that is in Fujian.

Radical (Chinese character)

A Chinese radical (Chinese: 部首; pinyin: bùshǒu; "section header") is the part of a Chinese character used to list the character in a Chinese dictionary. 

The radical is usually a semantic indicator: a piece that gives hints to the reader about what the whole character means. Later, the term was given a "second" meaning, the 部首 (Pinyin: "bùshǒu", Japanese "bushu", Korean "busu"). This means "section header", which refers to the place where a character is listed in the dictionary. 

Radicals are typically simpler characters, or different variants of simpler characters, which combine with other radicals to make a more complex character. People can only make so many unique ideographs for the huge number of words and morphemes that make up a language. Combining already existing ideographs together to form a compound ideograph is a very convenient solution to make many more words. While there are thousands of Chinese characters (well over 45,000) that exist, nearly all characters used in daily life are made up of just 214 radicals. 

One example of simpler characters combining to form a more complex one is the complex character 明 "míng" meaning "bright" or "tomorrow", which is made up of the radicals 日 "rì" meaning "sun" or "day" and 月 "yuè" meaning "moon" or "month", both of which are simple characters that can exist by themselves, and the putting together of sun 日 and moon 月 to make one character show that either the sun and moon pass before tomorrow comes, or that they are the bright objects in the sky that shine light on the earth. An example of characters with radicals that don't exist by themselves is the complex character 休 "xìu" meaning "to stop", “to cease” or "to rest", which is made up of the radical 亻, which is a variant of the simple character 人 "rén" meaning "person" or "human", though the variant never exists as by itself must therefore attach itself to another character to form a complete character, and the radical 木 "mǔ" meaning "wood" or "tree", hinting what a person might want to do after he/she ceases working (like lying on a tree). 

A more complex is the character 媽 "mā" meaning “mother” (shown right), in which the left part 女 "nǚ" meaning "woman" or "female" happens to be the semantic component, and also the section header under which dictionaries list the graph. Not all section headers function in a particular character as the semantic component. Some are based on phonetics, or hint as the character's pronunciation, like the right part 馬 "mǎ" meaning "horse" of the character 媽. Although the meaning of the character 媽 has no clear, obvious connection to a horse, 馬 is included to help the reader remember its pronunciation. Other section headers are merely chosen for convenience of finding the character in a dictionary, and play neither a semantic nor a phonetic role, like 二 "èr" "two" in 亞 "yà" "second" or "inferior",亅 "jué" (no meaning) in 了 "liào" "past tense marker", and 一 "yī" "one" in 丁 "dīng" "fourth". These two meanings of “radical” are not synonymous, though they may coincide in a particular example, causing a lot of confusion. (For clarity, both semantic component and section header terms are used here.)

The equivalents in cuneiform and Egyptian hieroglyphics are called determinatives.

Chinese character components, whether semantic or phonetic in role, are the building blocks for all Chinese Hanzi as well as in the derived forms of Japanese Kanji, Korean Hanja, and Vietnamese Chữ nôm and Chữ nho. Since the Kangxi dictionary of 1716 was indexed using the 214 "Zìhuì" section headers, the standard list has remained unchanged. Section headers are foundationally important for the organisation and use of Hanzi, Kanji, and Hanja dictionaries.

Gladwyn Jebb

Hubert Miles Gladwyn Jebb, 1st Baron Gladwyn, GCMG, GCVO, CB, known as Gladwyn Jebb (25 April 1900 – 24 October 1996), was a prominent British civil servant, diplomat and politician as well as the first Acting Secretary-General of the United Nations.

After World War II, he served as Executive Secretary of the Preparatory Commission of the United Nations in August 1945. He was appointed Acting United Nations Secretary-General from October 1945 to February 1946 until the appointment of the first Secretary-General Trygve Lie.

Returning to London, Jebb was Deputy to the Foreign Secretary Ernest Bevin at the Conference of Foreign Ministers before serving as the Foreign Office's United Nations Adviser (1946-47). He represented the United Kingdom at the Brussels Treaty Permanent Commission with personal rank of Ambassador. He became the United Kingdom's Ambassador to the United Nations from 1950-1954 and to Paris from 1954-1960.

In 1960 Jebb was made a hereditary peer and as Baron Gladwyn became involved in politics as a member of the Liberal Party. He was Deputy Leader of the Liberals in the House of Lords 1965-1988 and spokesman on foreign affairs and defence. An supporter of the European Union, he served as a Member of the European Parliament 1973-1976 where he was also the Vice-President of the Parliament's Political Committee. He tried to be elected to the European Parliament in 1979.

When asked why he had joined the Liberal party in the early 1960s, he replied that the Liberals were a party without a general and that he was a general without a party. Like many Liberals, he passionately believed that education was the key to social reform.

He died in 1996, and is buried at St. Andrew's, Bramfield in the county of Suffolk.

Jebb's wife, Cynthia, Lady Gladwyn, was a noted diarist of their times in Paris and a hostess of Liberal and London politics. She was the great-grand daughter of Isambard Kingdom Brunel.


Publications by Baron Gladwyn include:


Trygve Lie

Trygve Halvdan Lie () (16 July 1896 – 30 December 1968) was a Norwegian politician. From 1946 to 1952 he was the first elected Secretary-General of the United Nations.

Lie was born in Oslo (then Kristiania) on 16 July 1896. He joined the Labour Party in 1911 and was named as the party's national secretary soon after getting his law degree from the University of Oslo in 1919. He married Hjørdis Jørgensen in 1921; the couple had three daughters, Sissel, Guri, and Mette.

Later he was elected to the Storting (Norway's Parliament). He was appointed Minister of Justice when a Labour Party government was formed by Johan Nygaardsvold in 1935. Lie was later named Minister of Trade and Industries and Minister of Supply and Shipping.

In 1940, when Norway was invaded by Germany, Lie ordered all Norwegian ships to sail to Allied ports. Lie was named as Foreign Minister of the Norwegian government-in-exile.

Lie led the Norwegian "delegation" (group) to the United Nations conference in San Francisco in 1946 and was a leader in drafting the rules to set up the United Nations Security Council. He was the leader of the Norwegian delegation to the United Nations general assembly in 1946. On February 1, 1946, he was elected as the first United Nations Secretary-General as a result of a compromise between the major powers, having only missed being elected President of the first General Assembly by a small margin. He gets much of the credit for securing the current site for the United Nations headquarters from John D. Rockefeller, Jr., and establishing the offices there.

As Secretary General, Lie supported the foundation of Israel and Indonesia. He worked for the withdrawal of Soviet forces in Iran and a stop to fighting in Kashmir. He attracted the anger of the Soviet Union when he helped gather support for the defence of South Korea after it was invaded in 1950 and later worked to end the Soviet boycott of UN meetings, though his involvement has only little to do with the eventual return of the Soviet Union to the UN. He was opposed to Spain's entry into the United Nations because of his opposition to the Franco government. He also sought to have the People's Republic of China recognized by the United Nations after the Nationalist government was exiled to Taiwan, arguing that the People's Republic was the only government which could fulfill the membership obligations in full. This did not happen until the 1970s.

He has been criticized for his failures to facilitate negotiation in the Berlin Blockade, as well as his failure to bring about a more swift end to the Korean War. His critics argue that he was under the influence of a select few in the UN Secretariat. He has also been criticized for his arrogance and stubbornness.

Over objections from the Soviet Union, his term of office was extended by the General Assembly 46 - 5 in 1950. This was the result of a Security Council impasse, in which the US refused to accept any candidate but Lie, and the Soviet Union's absolute refusal to accept him again, due to his involvement in the Korean War. The Soviet Union refused to acknowledge him as secretary general in his second term, and after having been accused by Joseph McCarthy of hiring "disloyal" Americans (an allegation which he attributed to the rapid hiring of civil servants necessary after the creation of the organization), Lie resigned on November 10, 1952.

Lie remained active in Norwegian politics after his resignation from the UN. He was the Governor of Oslo and Akershus, Chairman of the Board of Energy, Minister of the Interior, and Minister of Trade.

Lie died on December 30, 1968 of a heart attack. He was 72 years old.


Nuclear force

Nuclear force is the force between nucleons. It is the force that pulls protons and neutrons into atoms. It is very hard to break the bond, or tie, between protons and neutrons in an atom, because nuclear force holds them together. When the bond is broken, this is called nuclear fission.

U Thant

U Thant (22 January 1909 – 25 November 1974) was a Burmese diplomat and the third Secretary-General of the United Nations, from 1961 to 1971. He was chosen after his predecessor Dag Hammarskjöld was killed in a plane crash in September 1961.

"U" is a word in Burmese, roughly equal to "Mister." "Thant" was his only name. In Burmese he was known as Pantanaw U Thant. His home town is Pantanaw, so this means "Mr Thant of Pantanaw"

When U Nu became the Prime Minister of the newly independent Burma, he asked Thant to join him in Rangoon and appointed him as Director of Broadcasting in 1948. In the following year he was appointed Secretary to the Government of Burma in the Ministry of Information. From 1951 to 1957, Thant was Secretary to the Prime Minister. He also took part in a number of international conferences and was the secretary of the first Asian-African summit in 1955 at Bandung, Indonesia which gave birth to the Non-Aligned Movement.

From 1957 to 1961, he was Burma's Permanent Representative (Ambassador) to the United Nations, and became actively involved in negotiations over Algerian independence. In 1960 the Burmese government awarded him the title "Maha Thray Sithu" as a commander in the Pyidaungsu Sithu Thingaha Order (similar to an order of knights).

Thant began serving as Acting Secretary-General from November 3, 1961, when he was unanimously appointed by the General Assembly, on the recommendation of the Security Council, to fill the unexpired term of Dag Hammarskjöld. He was then unanimously appointed Secretary-General by the General Assembly on November 30, 1962 for a term of office ending on November 3, 1966. During this first term he was widely credited for his role in defusing the Cuban Missile Crisis and for ending the civil war in the Congo.

U Thant was appointed to a second term as Secretary-General of the United Nations by the General Assembly on December 2, 1966 on the unanimous recommendation of the Security Council. His term of office continued until December 31, 1971, when he retired. During his time in office, he oversaw the entry into the UN of dozens of new Asian and African states and was a firm opponent of apartheid in South Africa. He also established many of the UN's development and environmental agencies, funds and programmes, including the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP), the UN University, UNCTAD, UNITAR and the United Nations Environment Programme.

He had also led many successful though now largely forgotten peace making efforts, for example in Yemen in 1962 and Bahrain in 1968. In each case, war would have provoked a wider regional conflict, and it was Thant's quiet mediation which prevented war.

Unlike his two predecessors, Thant retired after ten years on speaking terms with all the big powers. In 1961 when he was first appointed, the Soviet Union had tried to insist on a "troika" formula of three Secretaries-General, one representing each Cold War bloc, something which would have maintained equality in the United Nations between the superpowers. By 1966, when Thant was reappointed, all the big powers, in a unanimous vote of the Security Council, affirmed the importance of the Secretary-Generalship and his good offices, a clear tribute to Thant's work.

The Six Day War between Arab countries and Israel, the Prague Spring and subsequent Soviet invasion of Czechoslovakia, and the Indo-Pakistani War of 1971 leading to the birth of Bangladesh all took place during his time as Secretary-General.

He was widely criticized in the US and Israel for agreeing to pull UN troops out of the Sinai in 1967 in response to a request from Egyptian President Nasser. U Thant tried to persuade Nasser not to go to war with Israel by flying to Cairo in a last minute peace effort.

His once good relationship with the US government deteriorated rapidly when he publicly criticized American conduct of the Vietnam War. His secret attempts at direct peace talks between Washington and Hanoi were eventually rejected by the Johnson Administration.

Thant followed unidentified flying object reports with some interest; in 1967, he arranged for American atmospheric physicist Dr. James E. McDonald to speak before the UN's Outer Space Affairs Group regarding UFOs.

On January 23, 1971 U Thant categorically announced that he would "under no circumstances" be available for a third term as Secretary-General. For many weeks, the UN Security Council was deadlocked over the search for a successor before finally settling on Kurt Waldheim to succeed U Thant as Secretary-General on December 21, 1971 — Waldheim's 53rd birthday — and just ten days before U Thant's second term was to have ended.

In his farewell address to the United Nations General Assembly Secretary-General U Thant stated that he felt a 'great sense of relief bordering on liberation' on relinquishing the 'burdens of office'. In an editorial published around December 27, 1971 praising U Thant, "The New York Times" stated that "the wise counsel of this dedicated man of peace will still be needed after his retirement". The editorial was entitled "The Liberation of U Thant".

U Thant died of lung cancer in New York on November 25, 1974. By this time Burma was ruled by a military junta which refused him any honors. The then Burmese President Ne Win was envious of U Thant's international stature and the respect that was accorded him by the Burmese populace. Ne Win also resented U Thant's close links with the democratic government of U Nu which Ne Win had overthrown in a coup d'état on March 2, 1962. Ne Win ordered that U Thant be buried without any official involvement or ceremony.

From the United Nations headquarters in New York, U Thant's body was flown back to Rangoon but no guard of honour or high ranking officials were on hand at the airport when the coffin arrived.

On the day of U Thant's funeral on December 5, 1974, tens of thousands of people lined the streets of Rangoon to pay their last respects to their distinguished countryman whose coffin was displayed at Rangoon's Kyaikasan race course for a few hours before the scheduled burial.

The coffin of U Thant was then snatched by a group of students just before it was scheduled to leave for burial in an ordinary Rangoon cemetery. The student demonstrators buried U Thant on the former grounds of the Rangoon University Students Union (RUSU), which Ne Win had dynamited and destroyed on July 8, 1962.

During the period of December 5 through December 11, 1974, the student demonstrators also built a temporary mausoleum for U Thant on the grounds of the RUSU and gave anti-government speeches. In the early morning hours of December 11, 1974, government troops stormed the campus, killed some of the students guarding the makeshift mausoleum, removed U Thant's coffin, and reburied it at the foot of the Shwedagon Pagoda, where it has continued to lie.

Upon hearing of the storming of the Rangoon University campus and the forcible removal of U Thant's coffin, many people rioted in the streets of Rangoon. Martial law was declared in Rangoon and the surrounding metropolitan areas. What has come to be known as the U Thant crisis — the student-led protests over the shabby treatment by the Ne Win government of U Thant — was crushed by the Burmese government.

In 1978, U Thant's memoirs "View from the UN" was published, by the American publishing house Doubleday.




Shota Rustaveli

Shota Rustaveli was a Georgian poet of the 12th century, and the greatest classic of Georgian secular literature. He is the author of "The Knight in the Panther's Skin" ("Vepkhistqaosani" in Georgian), the Georgian national epic poem. Little is known about life of the poet. He was a courtier of king Tamari.

"The Knight in the Panther's Skin" (the actual name is Vepkhistkaosani, which means The wearer of Tiger's Skin) has been translated into many languages. It was first printed in 1712, in Tbilisi (capital of Georgia). It consists of 1576 four line stanzas with monorhyme. That means all lines rhyme to each other. The lines are made up of sixteen syllables.



Supreme Commander

Supreme Commander is a real-time strategy computer game. It was made by Chris Taylor and his game company, Gas Powered Games. Many people think of the game as a spiritual successor to a game Taylor made in 1997, called "Total Annihilation". The game was first talked about in the August 2005 issue of "PC Gamer" magazine. It was released on February 16, 2007 in Europe and February 20, 2007 in North America. "Supreme Commander" has an expansion pack called ".

Forcalquier

Forcalquier is a commune in the Alpes-de-Haute-Provence department in the southeastern part of France.

Sirenia (band)

Sirenia is a gothic metal band from Stavanger, Norway, founded in early 2001. Sirenia play a mix of gothic metal, symphonic metal, extreme metal and death metal sounds. The vocals are two male, one hard voice, from death metal, and a clean male singer. The female voice is used in moments with melody or chorus. The band uses melodic instrumentals, synthesizers, and distorted guitars with female vocals, and a choir, and violins, for the male voices. Lyrics spoke about human existence, emotion, and mental states.

The band has changed tree female voices, first Fabienne Gondamin for the recording of "At Sixes and Sevens", then Henriette Bordvik with whom the band recorded two albums ("An Elixir For Existence" and plus one EP "Sirenian Shores", and thenMonika Pedersen for recording "Nine Destinies and a Downfall" in 2007.

The lyrics, are written by Morten Veland.







Javier Pérez de Cuéllar

Javier Felipe Ricardo Pérez de Cuéllar y de la Guerra (January 19, 1920March 4, 2020) was a Peruvian diplomat who served as the 5th Secretary-General of the United Nations (UN) from 1982 to 1991. From 2000 to 2001, he served as the 135th prime minister of Peru.

In 1995, he ran unsuccessfully against Alberto Fujimori for President of Peru. He was the president of the Council of Ministers (Prime Minister), as well as Minister of Foreign Affairs, between November 2000 and July 2001, during the unstable period following Fujimori's resignation over corruption charges. In 2004, he stepped down from his position as Peru's ambassador to France.

From the death of Kurt Waldheim in 2007 until his own death in 2020, Pérez de Cuéllar was the oldest-living former secretary-general of the UN.

He studied in Colegio San Agustín of Lima, and then at Pontificia Universidad Católica del Perú.

Pérez de Cuéllar joined the Ministry of Foreign Affairs in 1940 and the diplomatic service in 1944, serving subsequently as Secretary at Peru's embassies in France, where he met and married his first wife (the former Yvette Roberts); the United Kingdom; Bolivia; and Brazil. Later, he was ambassador to Switzerland, the Soviet Union (at the same time in Poland), and Venezuela. From his first marriage, Perez de Cuellar had a son (Francisco, born in Paris) and a daughter (Agueda Cristina, born in London).

He was a junior member of the Peruvian delegation to the General Assembly at its first session, held in London in 1946, and a member of the delegations to the 25th through 30th sessions of the Assembly. In 1971, he was made permanent representative of Peru to the United Nations, and led his country's delegation to all sessions of the Assembly from then until 1975.

In 1973 and 1974, he represented his country in the Security Council, serving as its president at the time of the events in Cyprus in July 1974. On 18 September 1975, he was appointed Special Representative of the Secretary-General in Cyprus, a post he held until December 1977, when he rejoined the Peruvian Foreign Service. During his time in Cyprus, Perez de Cuellar married his second wife, the former Marcela Temple Seminario.

On December 31, 1981, Pérez de Cuéllar succeeded Kurt Waldheim as Secretary-General and was re-elected for a second term in October 1986. During his two terms, he led mediations between Britain and Argentina in the aftermath of the Falklands War and promoted the efforts of the Contadora Group to bring peace and stability to Central America. He also interceded in the negotiations for the independence of Namibia, the conflict in Western Sahara between Morocco and the Polisario Front, and the Cyprus issue.

Shortly before the end of his second term, he was unofficially requested by members of the Security Council to run for a third term of two years, to give time for a successor to be found.

Pérez de Cuéllar died in Lima on March 4, 2020, at age 100.


Boutros Boutros-Ghali

Boutros Boutros-Ghali ( ""; 14 November 1922 – 16 February 2016) was an Egyptian politician and diplomat. He was the sixth Secretary-General of the United Nations (UN) from January 1992 to December 1996.

Boutros-Ghali graduated from Cairo University in 1946. He received a PhD in public international law from the University of Paris. Then he received a diploma in international relations from the Sciences Po in 1949. 

Boutros-Ghali's political career took off during the days of president Anwar El-Sadat. He was a member of the Central Committee of the Arab Socialist Union (1974-77). He was Egypt's Minister of State for Foreign Affairs from 1977 until early 1991. He then became Deputy Minister for Foreign Affairs for several months before moving to the UN. As Minister of State for Foreign Affairs, he played a part in the peace agreements between Anwar Sadat and Israeli Prime Minister Menachem Begin.

Elected to the top post of the UN in 1991, Boutros-Ghali's term in office remains controversial. He was criticised for the UN's failure to act during the 1994 Rwandan Genocide, which left about 937,000 people dead, and he appeared unable to muster support in the UN for intervention in the continuing Angolan Civil War. One of the hardest periods for his office during his term was dealing with the crisis of the Yugoslav wars after the disintegration of former Yugoslavia. His reputation thus became entangled in the larger controversies over the effectiveness of the UN and the role of the United States in the UN. For his detractors, he came to symbolise the UN's alleged inaction in the face of humanitarian crises.

In 1996, ten Security Council members, led by African members Egypt, Guinea-Bissau and Botswana, sponsored a resolution backing Boutros-Ghali for a second five-year term, until 2001. However, the United States vetoed a second term for Boutros-Ghali. In addition to the United States, the United Kingdom, Poland, South Korea, and Italy did not sponsor this resolution, although all four of those nations voted in support of Boutros-Ghali after the US had firmly declared its intention to veto. Although not the first vetoed (China vetoed the third term of Kurt Waldheim in 1981), Boutros-Ghali was the first and only UN secretary-general not to be elected to a second term in office. He was succeeded at the UN by Kofi Annan.

US counter-terrorism czar Richard Clarke, Michael Sheehan, and Jamie Rubin participated in what they called "Operation Orient Express." From page 201 of Clarke's book Against All Enemies: "Albright and I and a handful of others (Michael Sheehan, Jamie Rubin) had entered into a pact together in 1996 to oust Boutros-Ghali as Secretary General of the United Nations, a secret plan we had called Operation Orient Express, reflecting our hope that many nations would join us in doing in the UN head. In the end, the US had to do it alone (with its UN veto) and Sheehan and I had to prevent the President from giving in to pressure from world leaders and extending Boutros-Ghali's tenure, often by our racing to the Oval Office when we were alerted that a head of state was telephoning the President. In the end Clinton was impressed that we had managed not only to oust Boutros-Ghali but to have Kofi Annan selected to replace him. (Clinton told Sheehan and me, 'Get me a crow, I should eat a crow, because I said you would never pull it off.')"

From 1997 to 2002 Boutros-Ghali was Secretary-General of La Francophonie, an organisation of French-speaking nations. From 2003 to 2006, he served as the Chairman of the Board of the South Centre, intergovernmental research organisation of developing countries. He was President of the Curatorium Administrative Council at the Hague Academy of International Law. In 2003 Boutros-Ghali was appointed as The Director of the Egyptian National Council of Human Rights.

From April 2007 Boutros-Ghali had supported the Campaign for the Establishment of a United Nations Parliamentary Assembly. He was one of the initial signers of the campaign's appeal. In a message to the campaign, he stressed the necessity to establish democratic participation at the global level.

Boutros-Ghali died on 16 February 2016 at a hospital in Cairo, Egypt after suffering from a broken pelvis. He was 93.

Boutros-Ghali published two memoirs:


José Saramago

José de Sousa Saramago, (pronounced|ʒuˈzɛ sɐɾɐˈmagu; born November 16, 1922; died June 18, 2010) was a Portuguese writer, playwright and journalist.

Saramago was awarded the Nobel Prize in Literature in 1998. He lived on Lanzarote in the Canary Islands, Spain.

Saramago was born into a family of landless peasants in Azinhaga, Portugal, a small village in the province of Ribatejo some hundred kilometers north-east of Lisbon.

Saramago married Ilda Reis in 1944. Their only child, Violante, was born in 1947. Since 1988, Saramago has been married to the Spanish journalist Pilar del Río, who is the official translator of his books into Spanish.

José Saramago was in his mid-fifties before he had international success; his novel "Baltasar and Blimunda" brought him an international readership. This novel won the Portuguese PEN Club Award.

Saramago was a member of the Portuguese Communist Party from 1969, until his death as well as an atheist and self-described pessimist. His views have aroused considerable controversy in Portugal, especially after the publication of "The Gospel According to Jesus Christ".

Saramago uses for his works fantastic scenarios. In his 1986 novel, "The Stone Raft", the Iberian Peninsula breaks off from the rest of Europe and sails about the Atlantic Ocean. In his 1995 novel, "Blindness", an entire country is stricken with a mysterious plague called “white blindness”.



Upasni Maharaj

Upasni Maharaj (May 15, 1870 – December 24, 1941) was a Hindu guru who lived in a small village called Sakori in Maharashtra, India. Upasni had been a yogi and after coming to the famous Indian saint Sai Baba of Shirdi, and staying in his care for three years, he is said to have become a sadguru. Upasni is most famous as the guru of Indian spiritual teacher Meher Baba. There are still disciples of Upasni Maharaj today who live in Sakori and take care of his temple there. 

The principal teachings of Upasni Maharaj were:

Finntroll

Finntroll is a folk metal band from Finland. They mix elements of extreme metal with Finnish polka, called "humppa". Finntroll's lyrics are in Swedish, one of Finland's two national languages, because they say "Swedish just sounds damn trollish". Finntroll means "Troll from Finland" or "a spotty troll".

Finntroll was founded in 1997, by Teemus Raimoranta. One year later they recorded their first demo, "Rivfader". After the demo Samu Ruotsalainen (drums),Samuli Ponsimaa (guitar), Henri Sorvali (keyboard) and Sami Uusitalo joined the band. The record company Spinefarm got interested in the band and then their first album "Midnattens Widunder" was recorded.
In 2001 the album "Jaktens Tid" (English: "The time of the Hunt") was released. As they became more and more popular, Century Media started to promote Finntroll. That summer Finntroll played their first open air festivals in Finland. The year after the release of the album "Jaktens Tid" the band could not go on tour, because their singer had a tumor in his vocal cords. That is why he stopped singing in the band after the album "Visor om Slutet" (English: "Songs about the End"). This album was recorded in January 2003, in a forest cabin near Helsinki. Shortly before the release of "Visor om Slutet" Raimoranta died, because he fell off a bridge in Helsinki. He had drunk too much alcohol. Finntroll went on tour to Europe anyway, together with the band Katatonia. The guitarist Mikael Karlbom replaced Raimoranta. In 2004, the band released an EP, "Trollhammaren" (English: "The Troll Hammer"), and an album called "Nattfödd" (English: "Nightborn").

On January 29th, 2006, Tapio Wilska, vocalist of the band since 2003, left the band.

A new album, called Ur Jordens Djup (English: "From the Depths of the Earth"), was released March, 2007. This album had more epic keyboard riffs to make it sound more like polka.








Crucified Barbara

Crucified Barbara are a Swedish all-female band, formed in Stockholm in 1998.

The currents members on the band are:

Their music can be described as a mix between heavy metal and rock music.

Crucified Barbara started out in 1998 as a punk rock band, but they speedily changed their style to heavy metal. They signed in 2003 with GMR music group of Stockholm. Recordings took place in Kristianopel, Sweden at Pama Studios/Blakk Records with producer-engineer Mankan Sedenberg during the spring of 2004. The single, for the debut album In Distortion We Trust, was 'Losing The Game'. It was released on December 8, 2005 and went straight to no. 8 on the Swedish Hitlist. The video was recorded and produced by M Industries. The debut album was released in Sweden on January 19th and is sold with a big interest in United States, United Kingdom and in half Europe.



In 2006 the band worked too in part of the Motörhead tribute album, called "St Valentine's Day Massacre".

In November 2006, they supported Motörhead along with Clutch.


John Mayer

John Clayton Mayer (surname pronunciation: ) (born October 16, 1977) is an American guitarist and singer-songwriter. From Connecticut, he went to the Berklee College of Music, before moving to Atlanta, Georgia, in 1998. His first two albums, "Room for Squares" and "Heavier Things", were successful and were made multi-platinum by the RIAA. In 2003, he won a Grammy Award for his song "Your Body Is a Wonderland". In 2005 he started a band called The John Mayer Trio with bassist Pino Palladino and drummer Steve Jordan. In 2006, he released his most successful album, Continuum. In 2008 a live cover he did of Michael Jackson's "Beat It" with Fall Out Boy was released.
He released "Battle Studies" in 2009 and "Born and Raised" in 2012. After "Born and Raised", he had to have throat surgery to fix a growth that forced him to stop singing for a few months. When his throat healed, he recorded and released "Paradise Valley". A few years later, he joined a few surviving members of the Grateful Dead to form Dead and Company. Since 2013, he has released two albums, "The Search for Everything" and "Sob Rock".


Burg Fürsteneck

Burg Fürsteneck is a castle in the middle of Germany between the towns of Fulda and Bad Hersfeld. It belongs to the commune of Eiterfeld. The castle at an altitude of 406 meters on a small plateau.

Burg Fürsteneck belonged to the monastery of Fulda. It was first mentioned in 1309, but it might have been built one or two hundred years before. Since 1802 it became the property of the German state of Hesse. The castle Burg Fürsteneck is preserved completely in a good condition.

Since 1952 Burg Fürsteneck has been an academy for vocational and cultural education. It was rebuilt by the architect Otto Bartning. Each year about 4,000 participants take part in one of more than 175 courses, with 15.000 overnight stays.



Pronunciation

Pronunciation is a way a word is usually spoken. It can be affected by many different factors:


Mispronunciation is an actual mistake in speaking. It is not used for how a speaker of a dialect pronounces a word. Examples occur in many place names and personal names. For instance, Leicester Square is actually pronounced like "Lester Square".


Margate

Margate is a town in Thanet, Kent, Southeast England.

Henry I

Many different people were named Henry I, including


936

936 was a leap year.




Robert I of France

Robert I (15 August 860 – 15 June 923) was the King of West Francia from 922 until his death in 923. He was the younger son of Robert the Strong, count of Anjou, and the brother of Odo of France. Robert I was at the Siege of Paris in 885. Robert had the title of "Dux Francorum". He did not call himself king of West Francia when his brother died in 898. Instead he served the Carolingian king, Charles the Simple and defended northern Francia from the attacks of the Norsemen.

Rudolph of France

Rudolph (also Radulf, Ralph, or Raoul) ("c." 890 – 15 January 936) was the Duke of Burgundy between 921 and 923. He was King of France from July 13, 923 until his death. He married Emma of France, daughter of Robert I of France and Béatrice of Vermandois. The nobles elected him King of France after his father-in-law died.

Louis IV of France

Louis IV (920 – September 10, 954), was king of France from 936 to 954. He was a member of the Carolingian dynasty and was son of Charles III and Eadgifu of England.

Ratchet &amp; Clank (2002 video game)

Ratchet & Clank is a platforming and shooting game for the PlayStation 2. It was made by Insomniac Games and published by Sony. It was released on November 7, 2002 in North America, November 8, 2002 in Europe, and December 3, 2002 in Japan. It is the first game in the "Ratchet & Clank" series.

The game is about the character Ratchet, a made-up animal called a Lombax, and his robot friend Clank. Ratchet and Clank travel around the galaxy to defeat an evil alien named Chairman Drek, who is trying to destroy planets. The player is able to use many weapons and machines to attack enemies and solve puzzles.

In this game, the player plays as Ratchet most of the time, but can play as Clank sometimes. Ratchet can use lots of weapons and gadgets to attack enemies, solve puzzles, and jump over gaps. Clank can control smaller robots called "Gadgebots" who do things for him that Clank can not do on his own. There are lots of different places the player can go to. 

A factory making lots of big robots is seen. One day a small robot is made by accident. He sees a video of an alien leader called Drek. Drek wants to break up lots of planets, and then use the pieces to make a new planet for his people, because his people'sold planet has become too polluted to live in. The video scares the robot, and he gets away in a spaceship, but crashes on a made-up planet called Veldin.

Ratchet is a made-up animal called a Lombax, who lives on Veldin. He wants to leave Veldin in his spaceship, and have adventures. Ratchet finds the small robot and calls him "Clank". Clank wants to stop Drek, and wants Ratchet to help him find a superhero called Captain Qwark, who he thinks will stop Drek. Clank fixes Ratchet's ship, so that Ratchet will help him.

Later on, Ratchet and Clank find Qwark. But Qwark is working for Drek, and he tries to kill Ratchet and Clank. They both get away from Qwark, but Ratchet is angry at Clank. Clank wants to stop Drek, but Ratchet only wants to find Qwark and kill him.

Soon, Ratchet shoots down Qwark's spaceship. After this happens, he sees a video with Drek's army destroying a city. The video makes Ratchet feel bad, and he says sorry to Clank for not helping him to find Drek.

They soon find out that Drek has a weapon called the "Deplanetizer". He is going to destroy Veldin, Ratchet's home, and this makes Ratchet angry. They find Drek, but he tells them he only did he whole thing to get money. People bought parts of his new planet, and Drek has made lots of money. But after the whole planet has been bought, he is going to pollute it. Then he will have to make another new planet, and get lots more money. But Ratchet and Clank kill Drek after a long fight, and use the Deplanetizer to destroy Drek's new planet. This makes lots of rocks fall down to Veldin. Clank gets his arm hurt, and Ratchet asks if he wants it fixed, and they both walk away together.

Snow Patrol

Snow Patrol is an alternative rock band from Scotland and Northern Ireland. They are based in Glasgow and are signed to Polydor Records. Snow Patrol was started as an indie rock band, but began to play more alternative rock and pop songs. The band has released seven albums, "Songs for Polarbears", "Final Straw", "When It's All Over We Still Have to Clear Up", "Eyes Open", "A Hundred Million Suns", "Fallen Empires" and "Wildness". "Eyes Open" won the award for Best Irish Album at the National Irish Music Awards.

Pollyanna

Pollyanna is a book for children written by Eleanor Hodgman Porter. It was published in 1913.

A girl called Pollyanna is an orphan (her parents are dead). She goes to live with her Aunt Polly (who did not marry) in Beldingsville, Vermont. Pollyanna is happy all the time, and makes other people happy. She plays a game called the "glad game", where you find something to be happy about even when you are sad. Soon, everyone in the town is happy. An accident occurs and Pollyanna is left unable to move her legs. She has to learn to be happy again, and then she gets better because a doctor makes her well again. Aunt Polly and the doctor marry.

Miss Polly Harrington is known around town for being a stern, hard woman who is set in her ways. So it is only a sense of duty that causes her to open her home to Pollyanna, her newly orphaned niece. But Pollyanna is a very special little girl, with a very special game that she teaches to the townspeople. Soon, everyone in town is happier, and glad that Pollyanna came into their lives - everyone, that is, but Aunt Polly. But then a terrible accident threatens to ruin Pollyanna's game forever, and everyone wonders who can teach this little girl to be happy again.

If someone is called "Pollyanna", it means they are always happy like Pollyanna is. The "Pollyanna principle" means people say yes to positive statements (For example, instead of "What do you think of green?", you can say "Don't you agree that green is a nice colour?").

Pollyanna was an irrepressibly, cheerful child. So cheerful that her name survives in any standard American Dictionary. - 'an excessively or blindly optimistic person.'


Middle Chinese

Middle Chinese (), or "Ancient Chinese" as used by linguist Bernhard Karlgren is a name given to an older version of the Chinese language. People spoke it during Southern and Northern Dynasties and the Sui, Tang, and Song dynasties (6th century - 10th century). The term "Middle Chinese", in contrast to Old Chinese and Modern Chinese, is usually used for historical Chinese phonology, which wants to reconstruct the pronunciation of Chinese used during these times.

Middle Chinese can be divided further. There was an early period and a later period. These can be told apart by the pronunciation of certain sounds that changed. 

Uyghur people

The Uyghurs (wee-ger; 维吾尔人) are a Turkic people living mainly in Xinjiang, a province located in the far northwest of China. Over 11 million Uyghurs live there, far more than any other part of the world. 

Many Uyghurs also live in Beijing, Shanghai and Taoyuan County (Hunan, South-Central China). There are Uyghur diasporic communities in Turkey, Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, Uzbekistan, Pakistan and Mongolia. However, the vast majority of Uyghurs live in their native homeland Xinjiang. 

Some Uyghurs seek independence from China.

Uyghurs are mainly Muslim and speak Uyghur, a Turkic language. The Uyghur alphabet is based on the Arabic alphabet.

Most Uyghurs were originally from the ancient Karluk tribes of the Kara-Khanid Khanate and immigrated to what is now Xinjiang during the 8th or 9th centuries AD. Modern Uyghurs identify with the Karakhanids even though the name Uyghur was taken from the Manichaean Uyghur Khaganate and the Buddhist state of Qocho.

At a conference in Tashkent in 1921, representatives of the New Uyghur-speaking population of West Turkestan, whose language does not go back directly to the Old Uyghur of Mongolia, or only to a small extent, adopted the name "Uyghurs" for themselves.


Chopstick rest

A is a piece of tableware. It is used to keep chopsticks away from the table and also to prevent used chopsticks from coming in contact with or rolling off tables. Chopstick rests are made in various shapes from clay, wood, glass, or precious stone such as jade. Some people prepare them from bags of half-split disposable chopsticks in origami manner. 

In Japan, chopstick rests are usually used at formal dinners and placed on the front-left side of the dishes. The chopsticks are placed parallel to the table edge with the points toward the left.



Grindelwald

Grindelwald is a municipality in the administrative district of Interlaken-Oberhasli in the canton of Bern in Switzerland. It is at the base of the railway to the Jungfraujoch. 


Solvation

Solvation, commonly called dissolution, is the process of attraction and association of molecules of a solvent with molecules or ions of a solute. If the molecules or ions of the solute are more strongly attracted to the molecules of the solvent than to each other, solvation can occur. 

The solvation is the action of dissolving the mix to form the solution.



Duchy of Mecklenburg-Strelitz

The Duchy of Mecklenburg-Strelitz was a duchy in northern Germany, it was about the same as the modern rural district of Mecklenburg-Strelitz. The duchy also had three exclaves near the town of Fürstenberg and the area around Ratzeburg in modern Schleswig-Holstein.

The Duchy of Mecklenburg-Strelitz was set up in 1701. The capital was Neustrelitz. In 1808, the duchy joined the Confederation of the Rhine. The Congress of Vienna made it a grand duchy and member of the German Confederation. Mecklenburg-Strelitz joined the North German Confederation in 1867, and became a part of the German Empire in 1871. On January 1, 1934 it was joined with the neighbouring state of Mecklenburg-Schwerin to form the State of Mecklenburg (today part of the federal state of Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania).

The US county Mecklenburg (Charlotte, North Carolina) is named after Mecklenburg-Strelitz and Strelitz-born Princess Charlotte (queen consort of King George III of the United Kingdom). The flower "Strelitzia" ("Bird of Paradise") also is in honor of her home country. Queen Luise of Prussia also was a born princess of Mecklenburg-Strelitz.




771

771 was a common year.



Household Cavalry

The British Household Cavalry, is an army corps (pronounced "core") of two regiments of soldiers. Cavalry regiments, until the end of World War I, were always "mounted" on horses. Nowadays "cavalry regiments" are mounted on tanks. The British Household Cavalry is unusual because half of them are also still mounted on horses. The two Regiments of Household Cavalry, the Household Cavalry Mounted Regiment, which parades with horses and the Household Cavalry Regiment, which has light armoured vehicles, are manned by equal numbers of soldiers from The Life Guards and The Blues and Royals both of which are part of the "Household Division". In Britain the "Household Division" has the special privilege of guarding the Sovereign and the Royal Household. The term "Household Division" is used in all Commonwealth countries.

In many other countries there are similar highly trained army corps which guard the head of state and have ceremonial duties as well as operational military roles. Regiments of this sort can be found in Australia, Brunei, Belgium, Canada, Denmark and many other countries. But when speaking in English of the "Household Cavalry", the term generally refers to the "British Household Cavalry".
In Britain there are seven regiments in the Household Division. They are generally referred to as "The Guards". Five of the Guards regiments are "infantry", which means that they are "foot soldiers" and are Foot Guards, and the senior two regiments are "cavalry" meaning they are first and foremost armoured soldiers who also have a ceremonial role "mounted" on horses for ceremonial duty.

The British Household Cavalry is made of two regiments: The Life Guards and The Blues and Royals. They are the senior regular regiments in the British Army, with traditions dating from 1660. The "Horse Guards", (as they are known, for short), have their barracks in Hyde Park Barracks in Knightsbridge in London and perform their principal duty of forming daily The Queen's Life Guard at a building in London which was formerly the headquarters of the British Army. There are always mounted guards on duty ouside the "Horse Guards" building in front of which lies the famous Horse Guards Parade where The Queen's Birthday Parade takes place. There, the daily ceremony of the "Changing of The Queen's Life Guard" takes place. (This is a different Changing of the Guard to the one at Buckingham Palace.)
The Colonel-in-Chief of both Regiments of Household Cavalry is Her Majesty Queen Elizabeth II. The Colonel of The Life Guards is General Lord Guthrie of Craigiebank GCB, LVO, OBE. The Colonel of The Blues and Royals is Her Royal Highness The Princess Royal KG, KT, GCVO, QSO. 

The motto of both regiments is "Honi Soit Qui Mal Y Pense" (Shame on him who thinks evil of it).

As military regiments, The Life Guards and The Blues and Royals have served in these places:

The ceremonial uniform of the Household Cavalry has two features that are not often seen on other soldiers. They wear a shiny Silver helmet With Brass and Silver fittings, with a long "plume" of horse hair hanging from the top. When on "mounted guard" duty they also wear a "cuirasse" (metal chest armour). The two regiments can be told apart by the colour of their jacket (which is called a "tunic") and by the "plumes" on their helmets. The Life Guards wear red tunics with white plumes while The Blues and Royals wear blue tunics and have red plumes to their helmets. While on guard, the soldiers carry swords. When mounted on horses, the soldiers wear white riding-breeches, known as buckskins, and tall black winged leather boots, which are called jack boots, having been "jacked" or reinforced against sword blows (Fr. Jaque: chainmail).

The "farrier" assists the Regimental Veterinary Officer in of taking care of the horses. When the farrier is mounted on parade, he carries the traditional symbol of an axe. In battle, one of the farrier's jobs was to kill horses that were badly injured. They also had to cut off one of the hooves so that there was proof of the horse's death so that a new one could be purchased. The horses are all black three quareter bred Irish draught horses except for the trumpeters' horses, which are grey, and the drumhorses which are large draught horses. They are almost invariably coloured horses, Shires or Clydesdales and are "piebald" (black and white), "skewbald" (brown and white) or roan. The drumhorses each carry two solid silver kettle drums on parade.

The trumpeter, whose job is to relay messages by trumpet, can be told apart because he does not wear a cuirrass, and has a grey (white) horse. On "State occasions" when The Queen or another member of the Royal Family is present, the bands of The Household Cavalry wear gold coats designed at the time of King Charles II made of gold braid and dark blue velvet jockey hats. Each regiment has its own Quick March and Slow March. They both use a Scottish tune the "Keel Row" for a ceremonial "trot past".

The Household Cavalry Regiment is an armoured reconnaissance regiment based in Windsor. Most Household Cavalry soldiers begin their careers on mounted duty before being posted, normally after about two years at ceremonial duty, to the reconnaissance regiment, which has Scimitar light tanks (however these are soon to be replaced by AJAK light tanks with the first squadron having already arrived), where they are trained in driving, gunnery ands signals. This regiment has deployed more than almost any other in the British Army to operations in Bosnia, Kosovo, Iraq and Afghanistan. Gallantry medals awarded to soldiers of the Household Cavalry since 2003 include: a George Cross (GC) to Trooper Christopher Finney of The Blues and Royals, a Conspicuous Gallantry Cross (CGC) and a Military Cross (MC) to Staff Corporal Michael Flynn of The Blues and Royals (making him the most decorated serviceman in the British Army), a CGC to Lance Corporal of Horse Andrew Radford, a Distinguished Service Order to Major Richard Taylor of The Life Guards, and MCs to Captain Paddy Williams of The Blues and Royals and to Staff Corporal Shaun Fry of The Life Guards. All these were awarded on operations in Iraq and Afghanistan.


Pica (disorder)

Pica ( ) is an eating disorder where a person wants to eat things that are not normal to eat, for example nails, rocks or feces. A person with pica may also have a strong want to eat unusual things that are normally considered food but not in the normal way, for example, uncooked potatoes, flour or starch. It is common in small children.

Camillo Berneri

Camillo Berneri (also known as Camillo da Lodi; 1877, Lodi–May 5 1937, Barcelona) was an Italian professor of philosophy, anarchist militant, propagandist and theorist.

Berneri, a World War I veteran, University of Florence professor of humanities, and a member of the Unione Anarchica Italiana, fought always Fascists, and he started to fight fascism until 1926, when he was forced to escape from Italy and he went in France, then Switzerland, Germany, Belgium, Luxembourg, and finally the Netherlands. In all these countries, Berneri was frequently placed under arrest, and then often expelled, because he was an anarchist. When he was in these countries he wrote lot of anti-clerical and anti-fascist articles.

With Carlo Rosselli, Berneri organized the first troop (column) of Italian volunteers to fight in the Spanish Civil War against Francisco Franco. After months he became highly critical of the involvement of Confederación Nacional del Trabajo (CNT) members in the Popular Front government, and he sent a letter to Federica Montseny (Anarchist minister for Health in the government against fascism).

During the Barcelona May Days, as troop of Communist Party of Spain members (apparently under orders from Joseph Stalin) searched and then murdered him. His body, riddled with bullets, was found during the night, near the headquarters of the Generalitat de Catalunya.

He was married to Giovanna Berneri and was father of Marie-Louise Berneri and Giliane Berneri. The children were anarchists like their father Camillo.



Scenario

In context with theatre and movies a scenario (from Italian, "that which is pinned to the scenery") is a description of an event or series of actions and events. In the "Commedia dell'arte" it was an outline of entrances, exits, and action describing the story of a play that was literally pinned to the back of the scenery. 

Surviving scenari from the Renaissance contain little other than character names, brief descriptions of action, and references to specific lazzi with no further explanation. It is believed that a scenario forms the basis of a fully improvisational performance though it is also likely that they were simple reminders of the plot for those members of the cast who were literate. 

In the creation of an opera or ballet, a scenario is often developed initially to indicate how the original source, if any, is to be adapted. This sketch can be helpful in "pitching" the idea to a prospective producer, director, or composer.

Scenarios are also used in policy planning, and when trying out strategies against uncertain future developments. Here the key idea is for the scenario to be an overview, a summary, of a projected course of action, events or situations. Scenarios are widely used by organizations of all types to understand different ways that future events might unfold.

Scenario (disambiguation)

Scenario may refer to:

Wu Cheng'en

Wu Cheng'en (, ca. 1500–1582), courtesy name Ruzhong (汝忠), was a Chinese novelist and poet of the Ming Dynasty. He was born in "Huainan, Jiangsu". He studied in ancient Nanjing University for more than 10 years. 

His most famous novel is "Journey to the West" in which a monk encounters the "Flaming Mountains". The novel has been enjoyed by many generations of Chinese and is the most popular Chinese classic folk novel. The most famous English translation of the novel is by Arthur Waley and entitled "Monkey".



Nanjing

Nanjing is a city in eastern China. 

The Mandarin Chinese name of the city is ', which means "The Southern Capital". It got this name when the Yongle Emperor of the Ming family of rulers moved most of his government to Beijing ("The Northern Capital") in the early 1400s. In Chinese, Nanjing's name is written . Today, people spell it "Nanjing" because they use the pinyin way of spelling. Pinyin tries to show how the word should sound in Mandarin. People also used to write it , using Mr.Wade and Mr.Giles's way of spelling, and "Nanking", using the Chinese Postal Map's way.


Nanjing Municipality is divided into 11 districts.




Nanjing currently has 18 sister cities (areas), namely: 


Arthur Waley

Arthur David Waley (August 19, 1889 – June 27, 1966) was a famous English Orientalist and Sinologist.

Waley was born in Tunbridge Wells, Kent England, as Arthur David Schloss. He changed his surname to the maiden name of his grandmother, Waley, in 1914, because he was a Jew. He was appointed Assistant Keeper of Oriental Prints and Manuscripts at the British Museum in 1913. During this time he taught himself Chinese and Japanese. In 1929 he left to concentrate himself fully to his literary and cultural interests.




Oriental studies

Oriental studies include Near Eastern and Far Eastern societies and cultures, languages, and peoples and their histories; in recent years the term Asian studies has mostly replaced the older term. European study of the region had primarily religious origins, which has remained an important motivation until recent times. 


Lev Chernyi

Lev Chernyi (18??-1921) was a Russian anarchist poet who was imprisoned in Siberia under the Russian Czarist regime for his revolutionary activities. 

In 1907, he published a book entitled "Associational Anarchism", in which he speak about the "free association of independent individuals.". Chernyi was greatly influenced by individualist-anarchist Max Stirner.

On his return from Siberia in 1917 he enjoyed great popularity among Moscow workers. He was also Secretary of the Moscow Federation of Anarchist Groups, which was formed in March, 1917. 

In the spring of 1918, in reaction to the growing repression of all opposition and free expression, the anarchist groups within the Moscow Federation formed armed gangs, the Black Guards, and Lev Chernyi played an active part in these. 

On the night of April 11, 1918 the Cheka, the secret police, attacked the building of the Moscow Federation, and the Black Guards offered armed resistance. About forty anarchists were killed or striked and about five hundred were imprisoned. 

In 1919 Chernyi joined a group called the Underground Anarchists, who published two numbers of a broadsheet which denounced the Communist dictatorship as the biggest tyranny in human history. On September 25, 1919, a little group of social revolutionaries and anarchists bombed the headquarters of the "Moscow Committee" of the Communist Party in protest at the growing repression. Twelve Communists were killed and forty-five others were mutilated. 

August, 1921, the Moscow "Izvestia" published an official report announcing that ten "anarchist bandits" had been shot without hearing or trial. Among the dead was Lev Chernyi although Paul Avrich indicates in two of his books on the Russian anarchists that Chernyi was executed in September of that year, not August. Although he was not involved in the bombing of the Moscow Communist headquarters, he was, because of his association with the Underground Anarchists, a likely candidate for a frame-up. The Communists refused to turn over his body to his family for burial, and there were persistent rumors that he had in fact died of torture.

Luigi Fabbri

Luigi Fabbri (23 December 1877 – 24 June 1935) was an Italian anarchist, writer, agitator and propagandist who was charged with defeatism during the World War I. He was the father of Luce Fabbri.

Born in Fabriano (Ancona), Italy in 1877, Fabbri was first sentenced for anarchist activities at the age of 16 in Ancona, and spent many years in and out of Italian prisons. Fabbri was a long time supporter of to the anarchist press in Europe and later South America, including co-editing, with Errico Malatesta, the paper "L'Agitazione". He helped edit the paper "Università popolare" in Milan.Fabbri was a delegate to the International Anarchist Congress held in Amsterdam in 1907. He died in Montevideo, Uruguay in 1935.



Francisco Ferrer y Guardia

Francesc Ferrer i Guàrdia (; 14 January 1859 – 13 October 1909) commonly known as Francisco Ferrer, was a Spanish Catalan "free-thinker" and anarchist.

He was born in Alella (a small town near Barcelona). A supporter of Spanish republican leader Ruiz Zorilla, Ferrer was exiled to Paris with his wife and children in 1885. Divorcing his first wife in 1899, he remarried a rich Parisian teacher some time after.

In 1901 he returned to Spain and opened la Escuela Moderna ("The Modern School") to teach middle-class children (then) radical social values, the school was free. In 1906 he was arrested and accused of helping with Mateu Morral's attack on King Alphonso XIII and released a year later. His school failed and closed while he was incarcerated.

Early in the summer of 1908, after his release from jail, he wrote the story of the Modern School. The book was called "The Origins and Ideals of the Modern School" and was translated into English by Joseph McCabe and published by the Knickerbocker Press in 1913.

When the martial law was reused in 1909 during the Tragic Week, he was arrested, convicted without any proof and executed by firing squad at Montjuich Fortress in Barcelona on 13 October.

After his execution, numerous supporters of Ferrer's ideas in the United States formed what were called Modern Schools, or Ferrer Schools. The first and most important Modern School was formed in New York City in 1911, and then later a community was founded around a school, known as Ferrer Colony and Modern School.


Gaetano Bresci

Gaetano Bresci (November 10, 1869 - May 22, 1901) was an Italian American anarchist who killed Italian King Umberto I. He is still considered a hero by many anarchists and republicans.

Bresci was born in Tuscany, later emigrating from Italy to the United States, spending much time living in Paterson, New Jersey, where there was a large Italian-American community. He was one of the founders of "La Questione Sociale", the Italian language anarchist paper published in Paterson. 

In 1898, high bread prices led to demonstrations over much of Italy. In Milan, an unarmed group of workers, women, and children marched together in protest, near the palace, which was surrounded by a strong military force under command of General Fiorenzo Bava-Beccaris. The people ignored an order to stop, so the General gave the signal to fire on them with rifles and cannons, resulting in a massacre of innocent people. Ninety people died, one of whom was Bresci's sister.

King Humbert later decorated Bava-Beccaris, and the king after said thanks to him,for "the defense of the royal house", the king did not do anything for the innocent people died, he decorated the murtder, this is the reason that made Bresci determined to kill the king.Bresci had his loan to the paper returned (without telling his comrades why), and with the money he went to Italy. In Monza, where the king was visiting on July 29, 1900, he shot him three times.

Bresci was captured and put on trial, where he was defended by the anarchist lawyer Francesco Saverio Merlino. He was sentenced in Milan on August 29, 1900, to life imprisonment on the jail of Santo Stefano Island near Ventotene, where lot of other anarchists had also been sent over the years. Less than a year later he was found dead in prison. It is not clear whether he committed suicide, as officially announced, or whether he was murdered by his guards.


Songs for Polarbears

Songs for Polarbears is the debut album by the alternative rock group Snow Patrol. It was released on August 31, 1998. Gary Lightbody wrote all of the lyrics, and helped Mark McClelland and Jonny Quinn write the music. The name of the album is a reference to how Snow Patrol was once called 'Polar Bear', but changed their name.

"Songs for Polarbears" was re-released in 2006.



San José de Ocoa

The Dominican city of San José de Ocoa is the head municipality of the San José de Ocoa province, on the southern part of the country and close to the Ocoa river.

"Ocoa" is the name of the river that crosses the province; it is a Taíno word that means "a place with many mountains".

The old name of the town was "El Maniel".

The city had, in , a total population of 25,710: 12,819 men and 12,891 women. The urban population was of the total population.

San José de Ocoa has a total area of , about of the total area of the province of San José de Ocoa. The city is an elevation of , and at to the northwest of Santo Domingo.

San José de Ocoa is on the southern side of the "Cordillera Central" ("Central mountain range"). The city is along the Ocoa river.

The municipality of San José de Ocoa has the Azua province to the west, the Peravia province to the south, the municipality of Sabana Larga to the north, the municipality of Rancho Arriba to the northwest and the San Cristóbal province to the west.

San José de Ocoa has a tropical wet and dry/savanna climate (Köppen-Geiger classification: Aw) with a pronounced dry season in winter.

The average amount of rainfall for the year in the city is . The month with the most precipitation on average is May with of rainfall, followed by September with .

The driest season is winter. The month with the least rainfall on average is January with an average of and the second is February with .

San José de Ocoa is in a warm region; the average temperature for the year is . The warmest month, on average, is August with an average temperature of . The coolest month on average is January, with an average temperature of .

The municipality of San José de Ocoa has four municipal districts:

The main economic activity of the municipality is farming; the main products are coffee, beans and potato. Other vegetable, as cabbage and carrot are also grown as well as some tropical fruits (avocado and mango).

Starfighter Pilot

Starfighter Pilot was the debut, or first, EP from the alternative rock band Snow Patrol, and was finished in 1997. It was released on the Electric Honey record label. The song "Starfighter Pilot" was also put on the band's first full-length album, "Songs for Polarbears".


When It's All Over We Still Have to Clear Up

When It's All Over We Still Have to Clear Up is the second full-length album by the Alternative rock band Snow Patrol. It was released on March 5 2001. Gary Lightbody wrote all of the lyrics, and wrote the music with Mark McClelland and Jonny Quinn.

When the album first was released, it was not bought enough to get its name onto the top 200 albums chart. After the next album, "Final Straw", became popular, people began buying "When It's All Over We Still Have To Clear Up", and it went onto the chart.



Final Straw

Final Straw is the third full-length album by the alternative rock band Snow Patrol. It was released in the United Kingdom in 2003 and in the United States in 2004, under Polydor Records. Gary Lightbody wrote all of the lyrics, and wrote the music with Nathan Connolly, Mark McClelland and Jonny Quinn. The album was the first by Snow Patrol to become popular outside Northern Ireland and Scotland. "Final Straw" was re-released in the UK in 2004 with two extra tracks, and then was able to be bought in the U.S. without the bonus tracks. 



Live and Acoustic at Park Ave.

Live and Acoustic at Park Ave. is the second EP by alternative rock band Snow Patrol. It was released in 2005. All of the songs are played live and are taken from one performance. 


Eyes Open

Eyes Open is the fourth full-length album by the alternative rock band Snow Patrol. It was released May 1, 2006 internationally, and May 9, 2006 in the United States. The "Special Edition" of the album has a bonus DVD with music videos of "You're All I Have". "Eyes Open" was the best-selling album in the UK in 2006, and sold more than one and a half million copies.

The album reached #1 in its 11th week on the New Zealand chart and reached 2x Platinum there for shipping over 30,000 units. In the UK, the album became 5x Platinum by the British Phonographic Industry. It has also reached #1 in the ARIA Albums Chart, and became 3x Platinum on January 8, 2007 (210,000+ units shipped). On November 26, 2006, it became the best-selling album of the year in the UK.


The untitled track is a recording of background noise and one of Jacknife Lee's young children talking.


Epimetheus

Epimetheus is a titan in Greek mythology, and is the brother of Prometheus, a Greek titan who gave all of the creatures something to protect themselves from the elements. By the time he came to the humans, he had run out of feathers and fur to give. He went to his brother, and he gave humans fire.

Epimetheus literally means "thinks after" and Prometheus means "thinks before".


Wrestling

Wrestling is a competition in which two people try to pin the other person to the ground during matches. The people who wrestle are called wrestlers. Striking is not allowed in wrestling. Wrestlers use throws, takedowns, and trips to get their opponents down to the ground. On the ground, they use holds and pins to control their opponent. Wrestling is a popular and effective base for fighters in mixed martial arts competitions.

Western styles of wrestling:

International folk wrestling styles:


Diode

A diode is an electronic component with two electrodes (connectors) that allows electricity to go through it in one direction and not the other direction.

Diodes can be used to turn alternating current into direct current (Diode bridge). They are used in power supplies and sometimes to decode amplitude modulation radio signals (like in a crystal radio). Light-emitting diodes (LEDs) are a type of diode that produce light.

Today, the most common diodes are made from semiconductor materials such as silicon or sometimes germanium.

The first types of diodes were called Fleming valves. They were vacuum tubes. They were inside a glass tube (much like a lightbulb). Inside the glass bulb there was a small metal wire and a large metal plate. The small metal wire would heat up and emit electricity, which was captured by the plate. The large metal plate was not heated, so electricity could go in one direction through the tube but not in the other direction. Fleming valves are not used much anymore because they have been replaced by semiconductor diodes, which are smaller than Fleming valves. Thomas Edison also discovered this property when working on his light bulbs.

Semiconductor diodes are made of two types of semiconductors connected to each other. One type has atoms with extra electrons (called the n-side). The other type has atoms that want electrons (called the p-side). Because of this, the electricity will flow easily from the side with too many electrons to the side with too few. However, electricity will not flow easily in the reverse direction. These different types are made by doping (semiconductor). Silicon with arsenic dissolved in it makes a good n-side semiconductor, while silicon with aluminum dissolved in it makes a good p-side semiconductor. Other chemicals can also work.

The connector to the n-side is called the cathode, the connector to the p-side is called the anode.

If you give positive voltage to the p-side and negative voltage to the n-side, the electrons in the n-side will want to go to the positive voltage at the p-side and the holes of the p-side will want to go to the negative voltage at the n-side. Because of this, current flow is able to exist, but it takes a certain amount of voltage to get this started (very small amount of voltage is not enough to get the electric current to flow). This is called the cut-in voltage. The cut-in voltage of a silicon diode is at about 0.7 V. A germanium diode needs a cut-in voltage at about 0.3 V.

If you instead give negative voltage to the p-side and positive voltage to the n-side, the electrons of the n-side want to go to the positive voltage source instead of the other side of the diode. Same thing happens on the p-side. So, current will not flow between the two sides of the diode. Increasing the voltage will eventually force electric current to flow (this is the break-down voltage). Many diodes will be destroyed by a reverse flow but some are made that can survive it.

When the temperature increases, the cut-in voltage goes down. This makes it easier for electricity to pass through the diode.

There are many types of diodes. Some have very specific uses and some have a variety of uses.

Here are some common semiconductor diode symbols used in schematic diagrams:
This changes A/C (alternating current, like in a wall plug in a house) to D/C (direct current, used in electronics). The standard rectifier diode has specific requirements. It should handle high current, not be much affected by temperature, have a low cut-in voltage and support quick changes in the direction of current flow. Modern analog and digital electronics use such rectifiers.

An LED produces light when electricity flows through it. It is a longer lasting and more efficient way of creating light than incandescent light bulbs. Depending on how it was made, the LED can make different colors. LEDs were first used in the 1970's. The light-emitting diode may eventually replace the light bulb as developing technology makes it brighter and cheaper (it is already more efficient and lasts longer). In the 1970's the LEDs were used to show numbers in appliances such as calculators, and as a way to show the power was on for larger appliances.

A photodiode is a photo detector (the opposite of a light-emitting diode). It responds to light that comes in. Photodiodes have a window or optical fiber connection, which lets light in to the sensitive part of the diode. Diodes usually have strong resistance; the light reduces the resistance.

A zener diode is like a normal diode, but instead of being destroyed by a big reverse voltage, it lets electricity through. The voltage needed for this is called the breakdown voltage or Zener voltage. Because it is built with a known breakdown voltage it can be used to supply a known voltage.

The varicap or varactor diode is used in many appliances. It uses the region between the p-side and n-side of the diode where electrons and holes balance each other. This is called the depletion zone. By changing the amount of reverse voltage, the size of the depletion zone changes. There is some capacitance in this area, and it changes based on the size of the depletion zone. This is called variable capacitance, or varicap for short. It is used in PLLs (Phase-locked loops) which are used to control the high-speed frequency a chip runs at.

The symbol is the symbol of a diode with a kind of snag. It is used in circuits with high frequencies up to GHz. It turns off very quickly when the forward voltage stops. It uses the current that flows after the polarity was reversed to do this.

The construction of this diode has an intrinsic (normal) layer between the n- and the p-sides. At slower frequencies, it acts much like a standard diode. But at high speeds it can not keep up with fast changes and starts to act like a resistor. The intrinsic layer also lets it handle high power inputs, and can be used as a photodiode.

The symbol of this is the diode symbol, with an ‘S’ at the peak. Instead of both sides being a semiconductor (like silicon), one side is metal, like aluminum or nickel. This reduces the cut-in voltage to about 0.3 volt. This is about half of the threshold voltage of a usual diode.
The function of this diode is that no minority carriers are injected - the n-side only has holes, not electrons, and the p-side only has electrons, not holes. Because this is cleaner, it can react faster, without diffusion capacitance that can slow it down. It also creates less heat and is more efficient. But it does has some current leakage with reverse voltage.

When a diode switches from moving current to not moving current, this is known as switching. It takes dozens of nanoseconds in a typical diode; this creates some radio noise, which temporarily degrades radio signals. The Schottky diode switches in a small fraction of that time, less than a nanosecond.

In the symbol of the tunnel diode there is a kind of additional square bracket at the end of the usual symbol.
A tunnel diode consists of a highly doped pn-junction. Because of this high doping, there is only a very narrow gap where the electrons are able to pass through. This tunnel-effect appears in both directions.
After a certain quantity of electrons have passed, the current through the gap decreases, until the normal current through the diode at the threshold voltage begins. This causes an area of a negative resistance.
These diodes are used to deal with really high frequencies (100 GHz). It is also resistant to radiation, so they are used in spacecraft. They are also used in microwaves and refrigerators.

The symbol has at the end of the diode a sign that looks like a big I. It is made similar to the tunnel diode, but the n- and the p-layer are not doped as high. It allows current to flow backwards with small negative voltages. It can be used to rectify low voltages (less than 0.7 volts).

Instead of two layers like a normal diode, this has four layers, it is basically two diodes put together, with a gate in the middle. When voltage goes between the gate and the cathode the lower transistor will turn on. This lets the current go through, which activates the upper transistor, and then the current will not need to be turned on by a gate voltage.


Power trio

The power trio is a popular type of a rock and roll band format since the 1960s. The usual power trio has three people playing the guitar, bass, and drums. It does not include the rhythm guitar or keyboard often included in other rock music. In more recent years, the term has come to mean any type of a three-person band.


Ratchet &amp; Clank: Going Commando

Ratchet & Clank: Going Commando (Ratchet & Clank 2: Locked and Loaded in Europe, Australia and New Zealand) is a 3D platform/shooter for the PlayStation 2. It was developed by Insomniac Games and published by Sony in 2003. It is the second game in the "Ratchet & Clank" series. The words "Going Commando" are a phrase, or set of words, for wearing pants with no underwear.

Similar to "Ratchet & Clank", "Going Commando" got high review scores, and has a 92% on Game Rankings, and a 90% from Metacritic. IGN gave the game a score of 9.4/10, and Gamestats gave it a 9.1/10. Game Informer magazine called it Game of the Month when it was released. "Going Commando" was given a 4/5 from Gamespy and a 5/5 from X-Play. 


Gillian Welch

Gillian Howard Welch (born October 2, 1967 in New York City) is an American singer-songwriter. Her musical style combines bluegrass, country, and folk into a style she calls "American Primitive".


David Rawlings

David Todd Rawlings is a United States guitarist. He is best known as the musical partner of bluegrass singer-songwriter Gillian Welch. Rawlings has also been a record producer, producing albums such as those by Welch and other artists like Old Crow Medicine Show.

Meitnerium

Meitnerium is a chemical element in the periodic table. Its atomic number is 109. It is not found on earth naturally. Because of this, it needs to be made in a science laboratory. Its half life, or the amount of time it takes for half of the element to go away is a little over one second. Meitnerium was first made in 1982. 
The element is named in honor of Lise Meitner (1878-1968).

The two letter abbreviation is "Mt" and is a solid. Nobody knows for sure what meitnerium looks like, but scientists think it is a white, gray, or silver color.


4-1-1

4-1-1 is a telephone number in the United States and Canada. 411 is called to get help or information on something, for example what the address of a building is, or the telephone number of a company.

The Convent (Gibraltar)

The Convent has been the home of the Governor of Gibraltar since 1728. The building is located near the southern end of Main Street. It is said to be haunted by the ghost of a nun.

Pomp and Circumstance Marches

The "Pomp and Circumstance Marches" are a group of five marches for orchestra composed by Sir Edward Elgar. Their full title is: "Pomp and Circumstance Military Marches"). Elgar started to write a sixth march, but never finished it.

The first of the marches is especially famous and has a tune which is one of the best known tunes in Britain. It is often sung to the words " Land of Hope and Glory".

The title “Pomp and Circumstance”is taken from Act III, Scene iii of Shakespeare's "Othello":

<poem>Farewell the neighing steed and the shrill trump,
The spirit-stirring drum, th'ear-piercing fife, 
The royal banner, and all quality,
Pride, pomp, and circumstance of glorious war!"</poem>

The "Pomp and Circumstance" marches are

The first five were all published by Boosey & Co. as Elgar's Op. 39. Elgar dedicated each march to one of his musical friends.

Each march takes about five minutes to play.

" March No. 1 in D " is the best known of the set. It was completed, together with March No. 2, in 1901, soon after the first performance of his “Dream of Gerontius” which had been badly performed. Elgar dedicated it to Alfred Rodewald who conducted its first performance with the Liverpool Orchestra Society on 19 October 1901. Both marches were played two days later at a Promenade Concert in the Queen's Hall London, conducted by Henry Wood. Elgar knew that the audience would love the big tune in the middle of March No. 1, so that march was played second. Henry Wood tells in his autobiography that “the people simply rose and yelled. I had to play it again – with the same result; in fact, they refused to let me get on with the programme….merely to restore order, I played the march a third time.” 

The next year King Edward VII was due to be crowned in June. The King liked the big tune, and wanted it performed with words at the coronation. So Elgar used it at the end of his "Coronation Ode" with words by A.C. Benson. The coronation did not take place because the king became ill just before the big day. "Land of Hope and Glory" was sung in June 1902 by Clara Butt, and the whole Ode was performed in Sheffield four months later.

In Britain "Land of Hope and Glory" is sung every year at the Last Night of the Proms in the Royal Albert Hall as part of the Pomp and Circumstance March No. 1.

The words are:

In the United States the tune is sometimes known as "Pomp and Circumstance" or as "The Graduation March", and is played as the processional tune at high school and college graduation ceremonies.

" March No. 2 in A minor " was dedicated to the composer Granville Bantock". It was first performed at the same concert as March No. 1. It the shortest and simplest of the marches.

" March No. 3 in C minor " was finished in November 1904 and published in 1905. It was dedicated to Ivor Atkins". It was first performed on 8 March 1905, in the Queen's Hall, London, conducted by the composer. It sounds quite serious at first, then it becomes very energetic.

" March No. 4 in G " is very grand, like No. 1. Again there is a big tune in the middle. It was dedicated to Dr. G. Robertson Sinclair, the organist of Hereford Cathedral. It was first performed on 24 August 1907, in the Queen's Hall, London, conducted by Elgar himself.

" March No. 5 in C ", composed in 1930, was dedicated to Percy Hull, a friend from Hereford. It has some brilliant orchestral effects.

" March No. 6 in G minor " was started, but when Elgar died there were only sketches left. The musician Anthony Payne recently discovered some more sketches for it in the library of the Royal School of Church Music. He finished composing in the way that Elgar might have done, and the work was first performed on 2 August 2006 with Andrew Davis conducting the BBC Symphony Orchestra at The Proms at Royal Albert Hall.


704 Interamnia

704 Interamnia is a very big asteroid. Scientists think it is 350 kilometers wide. Its mean distance from the Sun is 3.067 (AU). It was found on October 2, 1910 by Vincenzo Cerulli. It is named after the Latin name for Teramo, Italy, which is where Cerulli worked. It is the fifth heaviest asteroid after Ceres, Vesta, Pallas and Hygiea, and scientists think that it makes up 2.0% of the mass of the whole asteroid belt.

Although the biggest asteroid apart from the "big four", Interamnia is not studied a lot. 
It is easily the biggest of the F-type asteroids, but there are few details of what the inside is made of or shape and no lightcurve analysis has been done to find out the ecliptic coordinates of Interamnia's poles (and its axial tilt). Its apparently high bulk density (though subject to much error) suggests a very solid body entirely without internal porosity or traces of water. This also strongly suggests that Interamnia is big enough to have withstood all the collisions that have happened in the asteroid belt since the Solar System was made.

Its very dark surface and fairly far distance from the Sun means Interamnia can never be seen with 10x50 binoculars. At most oppositions its magnitude is around +11.0, which is less than the "minimum" brightness of Vesta, Ceres or Pallas. Even at a near-perihelion opposition its magnitude is only around +9.9, which is over four magnitudes lower than Vesta.

Its orbit is a more eccentric than Hygiea (15% versus 12%) but is different because Hygiea's orbit is much more inclined and takes less time to complete one orbit. Another difference is that Interamnia's perihelion is at the other side of the perihelia of the "big four", so that Interamnia at perihelion is actually closer to the Sun than Ceres and Pallas are at the same longitude. It is unlikely to collide with Pallas because their nodes are located too far apart. Although its nodes are located on the opposite side from those of Ceres, it is generally far from Ceres when both cross the same orbital plane and a collision is again unlikely.


River Ocoa

The River Ocoa is a river in the southern side of the Cordillera Central, Dominican Republic. It is long. It flows through mountains except near its end in the Caribbean Sea.

Ocoa is a Taíno word that means "a place with mountains". "Coa" meant "place" and "o" meant, in some cases, "mountain".

The source of the Ocoa is at the La Chorreosa mountain (also known as La Chorriosa), on the eastern side of Valle Nuevo (Cordillera Central). It flows through the San José de Ocoa province. After that, it forms part of the limits between the Azua and Peravia provinces.

It ends at the eastern side of Ocoa Bay, on the Caribbean Sea.

The city of San José de Ocoa is the most important city near the river. Other towns are Las Carreras, Sabana Buey and Villa Fundación, in the Peravia province, and Palmar de Ocoa in the Azua province, near its mouth. The water of the river is used for irrigation in those towns. It is not used for the houses because it has too much solid materials because mountains have very few trees.

The most important tributaries are Banilejo, Canal and Arroyo Parra, all in the higher part of the river. There is not any important tributary in the lower part.

In the 16th century, sugar cane was grown near the mouth of the river to produce sugar.

In April 1849, there was an important battle (the "Battle of Las Carreras") here during the Dominican-Haitian War. The fight was on the western side of the river in Las Carreras, a place at about from the mouth. The Dominican army won the battle against the Haitian army.

Louise Michel

Louise Michel (1830-1905) was a French anarchist, school teacher and medical worker. She sometimes used the pseudonym "Clémence" and was also known as "the red virgin of Montmartre".

Louise Michel was born at the Château of Vroncourt (Haute-Marne) on 29 May 1830, the daughter of Marianne Michel, and of Etienne Charles Demahis. She was brought up by her father's parents, and received a libertaria education. After her grandfather's death in 1850 she was trained to teach, but after few times she saw that Napoleon III prevented her from serving in a state school. She became violently anti-Bonapartist, and is said to have thought about the assassination of Napoleon III. She became anarchist in 1866 to a school in the Montmartre quarter of Paris, where she saw that his destiny was to work for charity and follow the revolution.

She was active during the Paris Commune as an ambulance woman, she helped mutilated or injured on the barricades. During the Siege of Paris she was in resistance against the Prussians. On the establishment of the Commune, she joined the National Guard. She offered to shoot Thiers, and suggested the destruction of Paris for its surrender.

She was with the Communards who made their last stand in the cemetery of Montmartre, and was closely allied with Théophile Ferré, who was executed in November 1871. Michel dedicated a moving farewell poem to Ferré, "l’œillet rouge" ("The Red Carnation"). It is without a doubt that upon learning of this loss, Victor Hugo dedicated his poem to Michel, "Viro Major". This ardent attachment was perhaps one of the sources of the exaltation which marked her career, and gave many handles to her enemies. After December 1871, she began composing revolutionary propaganda; demanding assistance for poor people, other measures which threatened the government, and calls for the disenfranchised to arm themselves. She herself took up arms as well and donned a military style uniform. She never renounced the Commune, and after various legal maneuvers city judges sentenced her to death. She spent twenty months in prison and was sentenced to deportation.

She was put onto the ship "Virginie" on the 8th of August, 1873, to be deported. She arrived in New Caledonia 4 months later. On board, she met Henri Rochefort, a famous polemist, who became her friend until her death. She also met Nathalie Lemel, another figure active in the commune. Louise was in New Caledonia for seven years. She refused special treatment reserved for women. In 1878 she was a leader in a revolt. The following year, she received authorisation to become a teacher in Nouméa for the children of the deported—among them many Kabyles (Kabyles du Pacifique) from Cheikh Mokrani's rebellion (1871)—and later in schools for girls.

Michel returned to Paris in 1880 after amnesty was given to the Communards. Her revolutionary spirit never died and she controlled freely a libertarian school. She travelled everywhere in France, supporting revolution. In 1883 she led a Paris mob which pillaged a baker's shop. For this she was given six years imprisonment, but was released in 1886, at the same time as Kropotkin and other prominent anarchists. After a short period of freedom she was again arrested for speaking bad about the social system.

She was soon free again, but, hearing that her enemies hoped to put her in a lunatic asylum, she went to England in 1890. She returned to France in 1895, taking part in the revolt made by the Dreyfuss affair in 1898. Few months ago she was constantly followed by the police, until she died in "Room 11", in the Hotel Oasis, Marseilles on January 10, 1905.

Michel became highly admired by French workers and revolutionaries, particularly for her association with the Paris Commune. From after her death until 1916, a demonstration was held every year at her tomb at Levallois-Perret. Frequently, the language used to describe her is that reserved for saints and heretics; she is often referred to as ""Bonne Louise"" (Good Louise) or the ""Vierge rouge"" (red Virgin). She was always respected same in periods when women were without right.

On May 1, 1946, the Parisian "métro" station "Vallier" was renamed Louise Michel, see: Louise Michel (Paris Metro).




Louise Michel (Paris Métro)

Louise Michel is a station of the Paris Métro, serving Line 3. It is located in the commune of Levallois-Perret northwest of the French capital, Paris.

Before 1946, this station was named "Vallier" after a mountain (2839m)in the Pyrenees near the Val d'Aran. 

The station was renamed on May 1, 1946 to "Louise Michel", in honour of the French anarchist and communarde.

Louise Michel Battalions

Two battalions (made up of volunteer troops) of French-speaking people in the International Brigades of the Spanish Civil War against fascism, were named after Louise Michel, a heroine of the 1871 Paris Commune.



Idol

An idol is a religious item that represents a god. It can also mean someone who is admired by many people, like a pop idol. Idolatry refers to the worship of idols.

Christians disagree about what idolatry is. Catholicism and Eastern Orthodoxy see Christian art and icons as good, because they see Christ's Incarnation as having made images of God lawful. However many Protestants regard much Catholic art as idolatry.

This is due to differences in the understanding of the Ten Commandments. "You shall have no other gods before me. You shall not make for yourself a graven image, or any likeness of anything that is in heaven above, or that is in the earth beneath, or that is in the water under the earth; you shall not bow down to them or serve them; for I the Lord your God am a jealous God, visiting the iniquity of the fathers upon the children to the third and the fourth generation of those who hate me, but showing steadfast love to thousands of those who love me and keep my commandments." (RSV Exodus 20:3-6)

Islamic art is often based on Geometric abstraction or calligraphy to avoid idolatry, but Jewish art is somewhat broader. Hindus have murtis, a term often translated as "idols".

Jehovah

Jehovah is the conversion of the Hebrew (YHWH) to Latin. YHWH is the personal name of God in the Hebrew Bible, also known as the Old Testament to Christians.

The majority of scholars agree that the pronunciation of the Tetragrammaton is possibly—but most likely—Yahweh. The pronunciation of this name was simply lost because in Second Temple Judaism during the 3rd to 2nd centuries BCE, saying this name began to be discouraged because it was "too holy". So instead of saying YHWH, Jews used other ways to refer to their God, like "Adonai".


Catholic Encyclopedia

The Catholic Encyclopedia, or the Old Catholic Encyclopedia, is an English language encyclopedia. It was published by The Encyclopedia Press. The first volume appeared in March 1907. It was completed in April 1914.

The encyclopedia was designed for the Roman Catholic Church. It does not include information which has nothing to do with the Church. It explains matters from the point of view of the official Catholic doctrine, as it was during the time of Pope Pius X. It tells the accomplishments of Catholics and some others in nearly all intellectual and professional pursuits. These include artists, educators, poets and scientists.

Bright Eyes

Bright Eyes may mean several different things:


Stanley, Falkland Islands

Stanley (also known as Port Stanley or Puerto Argentino) is the capital city of the Falkland Islands. It is found on the island of East Falkland and has a population of 2,000 (2/3 of the total population of the Falkland Islands of 3,000). Stanley is the biggest settlement and only town in the Falkland Islands. Stanley was the sight of fighting in the 1982 Falklands War, where Argentinian forces captured Government House, the seat of the Falklands Government. It has an airport and a seaport. Cruise ships going through the South Atlantic often make a stop in Stanley, which has a small tourism industry to serve cruise ship passengers and others visiting the islands.

Numismatics

Numismatics is the study and collecting of coins and the history behind the coins. A Numismatist is either a collector of coins or a scholar who studies the history of coins.

The term comes from a word meaning "of coins." The original word is French (numismatique), which itself is from a Latin origin (numismatis).

Coin collectors may have existed in ancient times. Caesar Augustus may have been an example. The first known book about coin collecting was in 1514, "De Asse et Partibus", by Guillaume Budé. However, only royalty really enjoyed coin collecting until the 19th century. That's when professional organizations started to sprout, like the American Numismatic Society in 1858.

Modern numismatics is a sub-field that focuses on when coins started being stamped by machines (around 17th century on). Because of its focus, modern numismatics is more popular with collectors than with historians. Other subfields/variants include exonumia (focus on coin-like objects), notaphily (focus on paper money instead of coins), and scripophily (focus on stocks and bonds instead of coins).

Philately

Philately is the study and collection of postage stamps and postal history.






Charles of Valois

Charles of Valois (March 12, 1270 – December 16, 1325) started the House of Valois as the first Count of Valois. He was the third son of Philip III of France and Isabella of Aragon. His mother was a daughter of James I of Aragon and Yolande of Hungary. He was part the Capetian dynasty.

David Cameron

David William Donald Cameron, Baron Cameron of Chipping Norton, (born 9 October 1966) is a British politician and the Foreign Secretary since 2023. He was the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom from 2010 to 2016. He was First Lord of the Treasury and Leader of the British Conservative Party until July 2016.

On 24 June 2016, following a vote in a referendum to leave the European Union, Cameron announced that he would step down before the October 2016 Conservative Party Conference to make way for a new Prime Minister. After Theresa May became the only candidate in the elections, she became the designated Prime Minister. Cameron later announced he would resign on 13 July and was replaced by May.

David Cameron was born at The London Clinic in Marylebone, London, and grew up in Peasemore, Berkshire. He went to Eton College, a private school for boys, when he was thirteen. He has a brother, Alexander Cameron and two sisters. He then studied Philosophy, Politics and Economics (PPE) at the University of Oxford. He has Scottish, Welsh, English, Irish and German Jewish descent. He worked as a researcher for Carlton TV, and as an adviser for Conservative politicians Norman Lamont and Michael Howard. He first became a Conservative Party Member of Parliament (MP) at the 2001 General Election for the constituency of Witney, after making an unsuccessful attempt to become an MP during the 1997 General Election. He briefly entered the shadow cabinet in 2005, before being elected leader of the Conservative Party in December 2005.

Cameron led the Conservatives through the 2010 general election, where it received the highest share of the vote and more seats than any other party, but did not get enough votes to form a government by themselves. A Conservative-Liberal Democrat coalition government was formed, and David Cameron became Prime Minister on 11 May 2010. He is Britain's youngest Prime Minister for over 200 years. Since being elected, Cameron's government has declared £6.2 billion worth of cuts to help reduce the budget deficit. He was re-elected as Prime Minister in 2015. His party got 36.9% of the vote, a majority. The Liberal Democrats only got 7.9% so the coalition between the Conservatives and Liberal Democrats ended.

On 24 June 2016, following a vote in a referendum to leave the European Union, Cameron announced that he would step down before the October 2016 Conservative Party Conference to make way for a new Prime Minister. Cameron announced he would resign on July 13, after Theresa May became the designated Prime Minister.

On 13 November 2023, there was a cabinet reshuffle in which former Home Secretary Suella Braverman was dismissed and replaced by former Foreign Secretary James Cleverly. Cameron replaced Cleverly as Foreign Secretary. In addition to his role, a life peerage was given to Cameron, making him a member of the House of Lords and the first Prime Minister to receive a peerage since Margaret Thatcher.

He is married to Samantha Cameron, and they have 3 children. His son Ivan was born with disabilities and died when he was six. Nancy Gwen was born in 2004. His youngest child, Florence, was born on holiday in Cornwall. Because she was born in St. Endellion, they decided to make her middle name Endellion.

He said on Channel 4 News in 2013 that he is a feminist, but some people don't agree. During a debate with MP Angela Eagle at Prime Minister's Questions in April 2011 he told her to "calm down, dear". Some people found this rude, and have used it to claim he is not a feminist.


House of Bourbon

The House of Bourbon is an important royal house of Europe. Kings from the House of Bourbon ruled France from 1589 to 1792 and again from 1815 to 1848. This is a younger branch of the Capetian dynasty. Members of the House of Bourbon also ruled Naples, Sicily, and Parma in the past. Jean, Grand Duke of Luxembourg and King Felipe VI of Spain are both part of the House of Bourbon.

All of these branches descended from three legitimate grandsons of Louis XIV.


Camelot

In the legends of King Arthur, Camelot is Arthur's castle. In fiction about the Middle Ages, Arthur rules Scotland from Camelot and holds feasts at his round table. The round table, which has no legs or head, symbolized the idea of a good king because every knight who sat at it had an equal place. Since Camelot's original place is still uncertain, the truth about it, if it ever existed, is still unknown. Camelot once held many great things such as The Holy Grail, The Holy Sword Excalibur and The Round Table which brought Arthur's best knights together. 

The end of Camelot was caused by Sir Lancelot's and Queen Guinevere's love affair, which forced Camelot to plunge into civil-war.

University of Hawaiʻi

The University of Hawaii is a group of public colleges and universities in Hawaii established in 1907. There are three universities, seven community colleges, an employment training center, four education centers and some research laboratories:



Cowlitz River

Cowlitz River is a river in the state of Washington in the United States. The river is a tributary of the larger Columbia River. There are several mountains near the river including Mount St. Helens, Mount Rainier, and Mount Adams. 


Alexandre Dumas

Alexandre Dumas can mean one of two people


Leonidas I

Leonidas I (; c. 530 BC–480 BC) was a king of the Greek city-state of Sparta from about 490 BC until his death in 480. The Spartans and associates defended the pass at Thermopylae against the Persian army. Although Leonidas lost the battle, his death at Thermopylae was seen as a heroic sacrifice. Leonidas sent most of his army away when he realized that the Persians had outmaneuvered him. Three hundred of his fellow Spartans stayed with him to fight and die. Almost everything that is known about Leonidas comes from the work of the Greek historian Herodotus (c. 484–c. 425 BC)

In 480 BC, the Persians with their king Xerxes attacked Greece. When the Greeks asked the Spartans to join their army against the Persians, the Spartans went to the Oracle at Delphi. The Oracle gave a prophecy. It said that either Sparta would fall or the Spartans would lose a king.

In August 480 BC, Leonidas went to Thermopylae with 300 of his bodyguards. Other Greek forces joined him there and formed an army of 4,000 soldiers. This army would try to hold the pass of Thermopylae against the great army of Xerxes I, King of Persia.

Leonidas and his men held Thermopylae for three days. On the third day, a Greek traitor named Ephialtes led the Persian army behind the Spartans. It was then that Leonidas sent away all the Greek troops except 700 Thespians, who refused to leave. The small Greek force was attacked from both sides. They fought hard but finally they were all killed. Xerxes told his men to remove Leonidas' head and put it on a stake. He also told them to crucify his body. Now, there is a monument near Leonidas’ death site. It has the following inscription:

Only two Spartans survived that battle. One was Kirtanian. He was injured and sent behind the rest of the soldiers. The other was Pantites. He was sent by Leonidas to get help in Thessaly. He did not get back to Thermopylae until after the battle was done. At the end, he hanged himself because he was harassed and often referred as a coward.

Shrapnel

Shrapnel is small chunks of broken objects, such as concrete and metal, that is around an explosive, usually as part of a container. When the explosive goes off, the shrapnel flies out in all directions with a similar effect to a bullet. Nail bombs work like this.


Nail bomb

A nail bomb is a weapon that is made of a bag of nails with an bomb inside. When the bomb goes off, the nails fly out in all directions, like bullets. They are usually used by suicide bombers and the IRA.

Introduced species

An introduced species is an living thing that is not native to a given place. It has been brought there by human activities. People may have brought the living thing by accident or on purpose. The introduced species can cause problems when it becomes a pest in the new place. It may damage the ecosystem of the new place. This damage can be to other animals, plants and also human activity.

One introduced species is the tilapia. It is a fish that comes from warm freshwater areas of Africa, North and South America, India and Sri Lanka. It has been taken to other areas because it is good for fish farming, and it also is a good pet for an aquarium. When the fish is released into other parts of the world, it quickly takes over from the native fish. It can do this because it breeds quickly, eats all the available food, and eats the eggs and babies of native fish. This can cause the water to become so muddy, that the native fish cannot live. Tilapia has been listed as one of the 100 worst introduced species. A person owning or selling one in Australia could be fined up to AU$11,000.

An introduced species may have a great advantage over the native species. They usually come in without the predators and parasites which they suffer in their old environment. This allows them to have young quickly. Fire ants and Africanized honeybees became invasive insects in the 20th century.



Bunker

A bunker is a military building for fortification. They are usually built below ground. Blockhouses are like bunkers, but are built above ground. Bunkers were of big importance during World War I and World War II. Bunkers were built during the Cold War for important political people and for the general public because of the scare of a nuclear war.

There are many different types of bunkers:

A trench is long and narrow. It may be part of a big system of trenches. Soldiers often dig and use trenches. When most of the front-line soldiers use trenches, it is called trench warfare.

A pillbox is a small building made of concrete that also has small windows that people can shoot guns out of. The name came from the fact that they look like the boxes that pills came in.
Pillboxes were used a lot during World War I when defence in depth was being used. Pillboxes are most often found camouflaged so that they are harder to spot. They can also be part of a trench system, where the pillbox is a firing step that has been built to take grenade blasts and smaller mortar fire. Pillboxes were also built to help protect strategic structures such as bridges or jetties.

Industrial bunkers are built like regular bunkers and they can be mining sites, food storage areas, dumps for materials, data storage, and sometimes places that people live in. They were built by nations during World War II to help protect the important industries from getting bombed. Many mines in France and Germany were made into bunkers by both the Germans and the French in both World War I and World War II.

A bomb shelter or fallout shelter is a type of bunker, usually civilian bunker, used for protection against nuclear weapons and the toxic radiation "fallout" they leave behind. These shelters run the gammit from modified storm shelters to vast underground cities

Famous bunkers include the World War II V-weapon buildings in Germany (e.g., Mittelwerk, La Coupole, and Éperlecques) and the Cold War buildings in the United States (Cheyenne Mountain, Site R, and The Greenbrier) and Canada (Diefenbunker).



Over-harvesting

Over-harvesting means taking more from the land (or sea) than it can replace. It includes extreme farming, grazing, fishing, and using fresh water. 

Over-harvesting is harmful in the long term. Forests or wetlands are hard to replace. Damage to nature hurts animals and humans. Most wetlands are damaged by overuse as a source of drinking water, and are sometimes drained to make farmland or land for building. A thriving and diverse ecosystem is destroyed. 

Over-harvesting also applies to animals. Population numbers may drop as a result, and species may become extinct. Overfishing is a typical example. Nowadays, you can only fish, shoot deer or birds at certain times of the year. The season when they mate, reproduce and lay eggs or have the young are protected. Areas of especial natural beauty or scientific interest are also protected. Now, in the United Kingdom, it is illegal to take bird eggs.

One thing which acts against conservation is the overpopulation of the world. The greatest single reason why the world loses forests is that some people want the land for other purposes. A few people gain, but everyone shares the cost. This is called the tragedy of the commons.


Habitat fragmentation

Habitat fragmentation happens when large habitats are divided into smaller ones, separating all the species that lived there and depended on each other. 

Habitat fragmentation is not good because it involves some amount of habitat destruction. Plants and other organisms in these areas are destroyed and mobile animals escape from those places to find another habitat causing an excessive crowding and possible competitions among different animals.

Cecil (band)

Cecil was a rock band from Liverpool, England.

Cecil formed in Liverpool in 1993. The members were Ste Williams (vocals), Patrick Harrison (guitar), Ally Lambert (drums), Anthony Hughes (guitar and keyboards), and Jay Bennett (bass).

The band took part in a "Battle of the Bands". It was sponsored by Liverpool Echo who later tried to stitch the band up by putting them on the front cover under the title "Bulger Band", a reference to their song No Excuses that they believed, incorrectly, to be about the murder of toddler James Bulger. The band never spoke to the Liverpool Echo again. The band signed a manangement contract with Raymond Coffer. They later signed with the record label Parlophone (EMI). They released their first single "No Excuses" with Parlophone in October 1995.

The band spent the end of 1995 and most of 1996 playing concerts in much of the United Kingdom. They played with such bands as The Levellers, Skunk Anansie, and Paw. They also played in music festivals at Donnington and T in the Park. During this time, they released their second single "My Neck", which was backed with an acoustic track and a piano version of the single, giving a hint of the direction they were heading in for the recording of their 2nd record.

In 1996, their first album "Bombar Diddlah" was getting good reviews. It was produced by Barrett Jones of Foo Fighters.

Cecil spent most of 1997 writing songs, touring with the band Mansun and making their music sound even better. The changes could particularly be heard in the sound of Ste Williams' vocals. By the end of 1997, their new sound could be heard in their new release "Red Wine At Dead Time". They released a second album in 1998, "Subtitles". It did not sell as well as hoped. The band spent the next few years writing and touring sporadically, finally relocating to Seattle in 2001 to work on a third album with long time cohort Barrett Jones. After a productive 2-month stint, straight after the 9/11 bombings, the band went back home to write more songs and booked to go into Stone Gossard's (Pearl Jam) Studio Litho with Barrett to record the rest of the third record. This never happened after being dropped from their label.The band went their separate ways in March 2002 and remain firm friends, occasionally reuniting for off the cuff live shows in their native Liverpool.




Christopher Marlowe

Christopher "Kit" Marlowe (6 February 1564–30 May 1593) was a major dramatist, poet, and translator of English Renaissance drama. Swinburne has written that: "Marlowe is a Father of English Tragedy and the creator of English blank verse and therefore also the teacher and guide of Shakespeare." He was born the same year as Shakespeare, or at least baptised, but lived only to the age of 29, when he was murdered in a brawl.

Marlowe was the son of a shoemaker in Canterbury. His intelligence won him scholarships, to King's School in Canterbury at age 15, and two years later to the University of Cambridge. Marlowe was well-educated; he earned a bachelor's degree in 1584 and a master's degree in 1587. 

Marlowe's plays were both popular and controversial, in his own era and later. His plays deal with disturbing subjects like devil worship ("Doctor Faustus"), homosexuality ("Edward II"), and anti-Semitism ("The Jew of Malta"). Marlowe is generally regarded as master of blank verse.

In addition to seven plays, Marlowe wrote one long poem, "Hero and Leander", and one famous shorter poem, "The Passionate Shepherd to His Love."

Marlowe's death was also highly controversial. He was killed in a tavern brawl, stabbed in the head. Marlowe was, or sometimes claimed to be, an atheist, at a time when atheism was a crime that could be punished by death. Some people have wondered if his death were connected with these other issues.

Uncertainty about Marlowe's death has led some people to believe that Marlowe faked his death and continued to write plays using the name "William Shakespeare." This is called the "Marlovian theory." In modern times, the changes were attempted to rename the theory in "Derogation of the king."



Neuhof an der Zenn

Neuhof an der Zenn is a municipality in Neustadt (Aisch)-Bad Windsheim in Bavaria in Germany.

Bass clarinet

The bass clarinet is a type of clarinet, and is a woodwind single-reed instrument. The earliest record of the bass clarinet is called a 'bass tube' invented in Paris in 1772 by G. Lott. It usually has a B-flat pitch. It plays one octave lower in pitch than the normal clarinet. This means that when a bass clarinet makes a note, the note that actually sounds is an octave and a whole tone lower. There are some bass clarinets that have an A or C pitch as well as E flat, but these are not common.

Cornett

The cornett is a brass instrument from the Medieval, Renaissance, and Baroque times. It is also called a zink, cornetto, or by its Italian name, "cornetto curvo". It is different from the modern cornet, also a brass instrument. It has only one feature shared with the cornett.


Baoruco Province

Baoruco, also written Bahoruco (but the "h" is not pronounced), is a Dominican province, in the western part of the country, in the "Hoya de Enriquillo" valley. Its capital city is Neiba (or Neyba).

It was created on 1943. It was part of the Barahona province before being elevated to the category of province. It was called Baoruco because the northern side of the Sierra de Bahoruco was part of the province; with the creation of the Independecia province, that part went to the new province but the name was not changed.

Baoruco is bordered to the north by the San Juan province, to the east by the Azua and Barahona provinces, and to the south and west by the Independencia province.

When the Baoruco province was created in 1943, it was formed with the municipalities Neiba, Duvergé, La Descubierta and Tamayo. With the creation of the Independencia province in 1948, Duvergé and La Descubierta became municipalities of the new province. Villa Jaragua became a municipality of the province in 1974, Galván in 1997 and Los Ríos in 2001.

The municipal districts of the province were created in:

In (last national census), there were people living in the Baoruco province, and 69,360 () living in towns and cities. The population density was persons/km².

Its population represents of the total population of the country and the province is ranked as the 23th (out of 31 plus the National District) more populated province.

, the total estimated propulation of the province is 99,607 inhabitants.

The largest city of the province is Neiba, its head municipality or capital, with a population (in 2010) of 27,105 inhabitants.

The Baoruco province has a total area of . It has 2.6% of the area of the Dominican Republic and it is ranked as the 17th (out of 31 plus the National District) largest province.

The altitude of Neiba, provincial capital, is .

The Baoruco province is in the "Hoya de Enriquillo" valley, a very dry valley with some parts below sea level; its capital, Neiba, has an elevation of only 10 m above sea level. In this valley is the "Lake Enriquillo", and the northeastern part of the lake, about of third of its surface, belongs to the Baoruco province, including its small islands of Barbarita and Islita.

The Sierra de Neiba runs across the northern part of the province, on the border with the San Juan province.

The most important river in the province is the Yaque del Sur river, one of the longest in the country; it forms the eastern limit of the province and its water is used for irrigation. Other rivers are Las Marías and Panzo.

The climate of the province is a tropical climate, very hot and dry in the valley, but it is cooler on the mountains. In the valley, cacti and other plants of dry regions are common. There are some rainforests in the mountains.

The only important road in the province goes through the southern part of the province, along the valley, and the most important towns of the province are along this road.

There are five municipalities and nine municipal districts (M.D.) in the province. The municipalities and its municipal districts (M.D.) are:

The main economic activity of the province is agriculture and the main products are plantains in Tamayo, grapes in Neiba and Los Ríos. On the Sierra de Neiba, coffee and beans are important products.

Snorri Sturluson

Snorri Sturluson (1179 – 23 September 1241) was an Icelandic historian, poet and politician. He was three-time elected lawspeaker at the Icelandic parliament, the Althing. He was the author of the "Prose Edda" or "Younger Edda" and the "Heimskringla", a history of the Norwegian kings that begins with legendary material and moves through to early medieval Scandinavian history.



Heimskringla

Heimskringla is the best known of the old Norse kings' sagas. It was written in Old Norse in Iceland by the poet and historian Snorri Sturluson (1179 – 1242) ca. 1230. The name "Heimskringla" was first used in the 17th century, it comes from the first two words of one of the manuscripts ("kringla heimsins" - "the circle of the world").

Heimskringla is a collection of tales about the Norwegian kings, beginning with the legendary Swedish dynasty of the Ynglingas, followed by accounts of historical Norwegian rulers from Harald Fairhair of the 9th century up to 1177.



County Mayo

County Mayo is a county in the province of Connacht, in Ireland. Castlebar and Ballina are the two towns with the most people living in them in the county. The highest point in Mayo and Connacht is Mweelrea.

The following is a list of the towns and villages in County Mayo:


Jak and Daxter: The Precursor Legacy

Jak and Daxter: The Precursor Legacy is a platform game made by Naughty Dog and published by Sony Computer Entertainment. It is the first video game in the "Jak and Daxter" series, and can only be bought for the Sony PlayStation 2. It was released in winter of 2001, and has two sequels, "Jak II" and "Jak 3". It also has two spin-offs, "" and "Daxter". Many people think of "Jak and Daxter: The Precursor Legacy" as the spiritual successor to Naughty Dog's "Crash Bandicoot" series.

Crash Bandicoot (series)

Crash Bandicoot is a series of platform video games developed by Radical Entertainment and published by Sierra Entertainment. The "Crash Bandicoot" games were first made by the video game company Naughty Dog. Since then, the series has been given to many different companies before it was kept at Radical Entertainment. The games happen in the fictional Wumpa Islands in the south of Australia. There were 15 "Crash Bandicoot" games in 2007, which have sold 40 million copies.

The main character in the "Crash Bandicoot" games, is also called Crash Bandicoot.

Crash Bandicoot was created by Naughty Dog in 1996. It out in a platform game called "Crash Bandicoot", where Crash has to save his girlfriend Tawna from the evil doctor Neo Cortex.

After "Crash Bandicoot", Naughty Dog made a sequel (another video game), "", where Crash saves the world from Cortex for a second time.

In the third game of the series, "", Crash again defeats Cortex and his friend Uka Uka, who tries to conquer the world with the help of Nefarious Tropy and his time machine. Released on playstation.

The fourth and last game made by Naughty Dog with Crash and company was "Crash Team Racing", a racing game where Nitrous Oxide, an alien, challenged the Earth inhabitants to a cart race.

After Naughty Dog, other companies made many more games in the "Crash Bandicoot" series, and not only for PlayStation.

List of "Crash Bandicoot" games from other companies:

Available:
No longer available:
<nowiki>*</nowiki>No longer under official ownership. Beware of possible malicious intentions.

Copt

Copt is a general term for Christians in Egypt. Some Muslims are also being referred as Coptic. Today, more than 95% of the Copts belong to the Latin community of the Coptic Catholic Church, and other of the Coptic Orthodox Church of Alexandria. They used the Coptic calendar and speak the Coptic language. Baptism and male Circumcision is commonly practiced. Mark the Evangelist is believed to be the founder of Christianity in Egypt, and is thus regarded as their spiritual predecessor.

Tracing its root back to the introduction of Christianity into Alexandria in around 42 AD, according to the Church's tradition, by Saint Mark the Evangelist, Copts is one of the oldest and long lasting Christian communities in Egypt. Because Alexandria was founded by Alexander the Great as his capital in Egypt, the city was destined to be a metropolis connecting Egypt with the rest of the Hellenic world. Connecting the Nile River, Red Sea, and the Mediterranean Sea, Alexandria was, as still is, one of the largest port cities in Egypt where local produces such as grains were exported to other parts of the word. Founded in such a well-connected location, Christianity soon got spread into the heartlands of Egypt in the following centuries. Later in the Council of Nicaea organized by Emperor Constantine I in 325 C.E., the Church of Alexandria was elevated to the rank of Patriarchate alongside Rome and Jerusalem.

Rooted in the crossroad between East and West, the Church of Alexandria consequently had a profound impact on spreading the faith to its surrounding areas. One greatest achievement of the Church of Alexandria was the spread of monasticism. The spread of monasticism can be traced back to . Having lived an ascetic life for twenty years in a cave in a dessert mountain called Mt. Pispir, only eating bread, salt, and water, Anthony’s action soon attracted followers who voluntarily vowed as his disciple. His disciples then carried his monastic style of teachings and approaches to all directions, including places like Palestine, Marseille, Mesopotamia, Asia Minor, Syria, Ethiopia, and even Ireland.

Despite the elevation of the Church of Alexandria, religious persecutions were still wide spread due to multiple theological controversies throughout the entire Christian world.

Before the concept of Holy Trinity was publicly announced and accepted by most Christian schools in the council of Nicaea, most churches enjoyed freedom of interpretation to the Bible and religious doctrines. Consequently, as a hot topic among theologians, discussions over the essence of God and the Christ prevailed throughout the debates. In either year 318 or 320 AD, Arius, a former presbyter (priest who preaches) in Alexandria publicly announced that the Holy Father and the Christ are different by nature. Arius's idea, known as Nontrinitarianism, holds that the Christ is distinct from the Holy Father himself and is therefore God's creation. Arius's opponent Athanasius of Alexandria and on the other hand, believed that God the Father, the Christ the Son, and the Holy Spirit are consubstantial, or same in their essences.

In the Council of Nicaea, Holy Trinity theory was publicly acclaimed; as a result, Arius was expelled from the council and condemned as heresy. Despite Arianism was denounced as heresy, a substantial group of followers in Egypt still believed in Arius's theory, and their influence in Alexandria was still prevalent. Therefore, dispute was inevitable. For instance, Athanasios of Alexandria, although being acclaimed as a great priest by later theologians, had a bad reputation for brutally suppressing his theological opponents in Alexandria while he was the Patriarch of Alexandria. Nevertheless, as Emperor Constantine, the main supporter of the Nicene Creed, died in 337, Arianist theologians in Alexandria led by Gregory of Cappadocia organized an uprising with the support of street mobs. They soon took over the city and charged Athanasios for being an outlawed priest. As a result, Athanasios was forced to expelled.

The death of Prophet Muhammad in 632 AD marked the start of the Rashidun Caliphate era in the Middle East. The term Rashidun literally means rightly guided; it refers to the first four Islamic caliphs who were considered rightfully elected by the ummah. Under the rule of Caliph Uthman, Rashidun armies started to invade Syria, Mesopotamia, and Fars regions, the former territories of the Byzantine Empire, and the Sassanian Persia.

A drastic change happened to the Egyptian religious milieux when Egypt was taken over by Muslim general Amr ibn al-As in 639. Initially, Christianity was tolerated because they were redeemed as the Ahl al-Kitab, or the People of the Book. In return for tolerance, Christians had to pay the Gizya tax and were forbidden from entering the army. Although tolerated by the system in theory, in practice, Copts in Egypt suffered economically, and several uprisings against their Muslim overlords happened occasionally as well. Meanwhile to suppress the uprisings, the muslim governments from time to time also confiscated church properties and imprisoned some important members of the Church. As a result, a lot of them converted to Islam to avoid the heavy tax, and eventually by the Ninth century, Muslims gained the majority in Egypt.

When Napoleon Bonaparte launched his expedition to Egypt in 1798 starting with Alexandria, several local Copts sought this as an opportunity. A formal tax collector of the Upper Egypt under the Ottoman-mamluk rule Mu'allam Ya'qub Tadrus, for instance, became a joint commander alongside general Desiax during his conquest of Upper Egypt. After Napoleon's retreat, Ya'qub was even in charge of a Coptic legion under the French army system. Another former tax collector Mu'allim Girgis al-Gawhari served as the minister of finance under Napoleon's expedition. During his term, he donated some lands to the Coptic Church.

Although individual Copts seek opportunities in the French occupation, the Coptic community as a whole remained the same as under the Ottoman rule. They were still marginalized and lack much political power outside their communities. There were only a few individual who could serve as tax collectors or government advisors occasionally, seeking for opportunities both for themselves and for their communities.

Since the departure of Napoleon from Egypt, the Ottoman forces soon regain control over Egypt. Many Christian Egyptians were accused of cooperating with the French army, and many of them got sentenced to death. As Muhammad Ali took control of Egypt however, Copts, alongside Armenians and Jew enjoyed an unprecedented freedom and promotion in Muhammad Ali's government. Contrary to the Millet system under the Ottomans, Muhammad Ali promoted officers based on their merit and connection to local communities. Consequently as a power broker between the government and the regional population, former tax collectors, religious figures, and military officers got promoted to Ali's government as bureaucrats. Under Ali's reform, Copts such as al-Mu'allim Ghali got promoted to Ali's financial advisor.

As a continuation of the Ottoman Millet System, Coptic clergy continued to hold a great influence on its community. They were not only in charge of religious services but was also in control of meddling day-to-day activities such as legal disputes. However, since Sharia court also coexisted alongside the Coptic Jurisdiction, and Copts often switched between different courts when the law serves their interests better. In a societal sense, this can be seen as a competition between Islam and Coptic Christianity. Although to individuals, they were only opportunists who tried to maximize their rights and profits. Similar trend continues when the Ottoman Tanzimat Reforms got adopted by the Egyptian government. In this case, Copts continued to switch between affirming Coptic laws and State Laws when the terms suits their interests.


Pectus excavatum

Pectus excavatum is a congenital medical condition where the ribs and sternum grow abnormally, producing a sunken appearance to the chest. This makes the chest look like it has caved in on itself. It is also commonly referred to as "funnel chest" or "chest bowl". It is the most common form of pectus deformity, occurring in approximately 1 in 300-400 births, with a 3:1 male predominance ratio. While Pectus Excavatum occurs at birth, it often does not develop properly until early adolescence when growth is more rapid.

Doctors do not know why some people have the dent. They think it might be caused by a bad gene from the parent. It is also linked to syndromes (illnesses) that affect other parts of the body.

Pectus excavatum happens in about 1 in every 300-400 children, with the 75% majority of cases being male.

A vacuum bell, also called a suction cup, can be used to fix pectus excavatum. The cup is placed on the chest and all the air is removed: this pulls up the chest. This non-invasive procedure shows promise to be a permanent cure for pectus excavatum. Treatment must continue for two years after the appearance of correction is made.

The dent can be fixed by a doctor. The following are alternate surgical ways of fixing the chest:

The Nuss Procedure was created by Doctor Nuss from Norfolk in Virginia. A metal bar is put into the chest; the bar holds the chest up.

The Ravitch technique is from the 1950s. It involves cutting out part of the chest, placing a bar in the chest, and having the bone grow back. Most doctors do not use the Ravitch because it causes much blood loss.

Mark the Evangelist

Mark the Evangelist (מרקוס, ) was one of the followers of Jesus Christ. He is believed to be the writer of the Gospel of Mark. He is believed by some scholars to be the young man found in chapter 14, verses 51-52 of the gospel. The Copts think Mark brought Christianity to Egypt. It was his house where Jesus and his disciples ate the last supper.
מרקוס and Μάρκος are both pronounced as Markus which more consistent with Aramaic and Hebrew understanding of Roman names. Markus was a Roman who accepted Jesus Christ along with others.

Analects

The Analects was a book put together by the students of Confucius. It is about his thoughts on family, government and war. It was likely written by his followers.


Central Park

Central Park is a large public park in Manhattan in New York City. Central Park has about 35,000,000 visitors every year. It is the most visited city park in the United States. The park contains lakes, a castle, the Metropolitan Museum of Art, and the Central Park Zoo. The park has been shown in many movies and television programs.

The Central Park covers , and is 2.5 miles (4 km) long between 59th Street (Central Park South) and 110th Street (Central Park North), and is 0.5 miles (0.8 km) wide between Fifth Avenue and Central Park West. It is similar in size to San Francisco's Golden Gate Park, Chicago's Lincoln Park, Vancouver's Stanley Park, or Munich's Englischer Garten. It lies between the New York Theater District, Harlem (north), Upper West Side, and the Upper East Side.

Central Park is bordered on the north by West 110th Street, on the south by West 59th Street, on the west by Eighth Avenue, and on the east by Fifth Avenue. Along the park's borders however, these are known as Central Park North, Central Park South, and Central Park West, respectively. Only Fifth Avenue retains its name as the eastern border of the park. Each of the twenty gates on these streets has a name.

The park is bigger than Monaco and Vatican City, though some other parks in the city are even larger.

In 1855, New York City had four times as many people as in 1821. The city grew bigger, and there were fewer parks in Lower Manhattan. A park was being planned for Upper Manhattan. Two years before, in 1853, the New York state government gave over an area, from 59th to 106th Streets, to build the Park. The land alone cost more than US$5 million.

The park first opened in 1857. In 1858, Frederick Law Olmsted and Calvert Vaux won a design competition to improve and expand the park with a plan they entitled the Greensward Plan. Construction began in the same year and was finished in 1873. Many rocks, soil, and plants were put in the park. People living in the park were forced to move out. Later, the park was made larger.

In the 1930s, because people had not taken care of the park, it was cleaned up and changed by Robert Moses. By the 1960s, the park became a bad place to go again, so in the 1980s and 1990s, the Central Park Conservancy was made. The Central Park Conservancy cleaned up Central Park from the 1980s through the 2000s.

The park was named a National Historic Landmark in 1963.

The Central Park Conservancy runs the park. They operate it because of an agreement with the city government. 85% of Central Park's $25 million annual budget and 80% of the park's maintenance staff come from the Conservancy.

The conservancy cares for of lawns, 21,500 trees, of lakes and streams, and of woodlands. Their staff plant hundreds of bulbs, shrubs, flowers, and trees every year. They make sure that 9,000 benches, 26 ballfields, and 21 playgrounds are clean and good to use. They also care for 55 sculptures and monuments, as well as 36 bridges. Conservancy crews remove graffiti from Central Park and collect more than 2,000 tons of trash a year.

The Conservancy has been led by four presidents. The first is Elizabeth Barlow Rogers, who helped to create the Conservancy in 1978. She was president until 1996. Karen H. Putnam, the Conservancy’s development director, was president from 1996 to 2000, after completing the projects slated under the "Wonder of New York" capital campaign. The third, Regina S. Peruggi, used to be president of Marymount Manhattan College. She led the Conservancy from 2000 to 2003. Since 2003, Douglas Blonsky, who used to look over construction for the Park, has been the president of the Conservancy.

Central Park has been mentioned in thousands of books, movies, and TV shows. In the U.S. TV show "Friends" (1994-2004), the coffee shop where the characters often gathered was named "Central Perk" as a pun on the term "coffee percolator" (a type of pot used to brew coffee).

Mae Jemison

Mae Carol Jemison (born October 17, 1956) is an American physician and NASA astronaut. She became the first African-American woman to enter space when she served on the crew of the Space Shuttle Endeavour in September 1992. She has appeared on television several times, including as an actress in an episode of .

Jemison was born in Decatur, Alabama. She moved to Chicago at age three. Her brother and sister are Ada and Charles Jemison. From early on, she was interested in science. Jemison’s parents supported her love for science and space. As a child, she spent lots of time in the library. She read books about space, and evolution.

Jemison graduated from high school at the age of 16. She studied at Stanford University on a scholarship. There she earned a Bachelor of Science in chemical engineering in 1977. During her education, Jemison involved herself in activities outside her classes. These included dance, theater, and volunteer work. She was also the head of the Black Student Union. While at Cornell, Jemison helped people who had left their country because it was not safe to live there. She helped run health studies in Kenya as well. She studied how complicated organisms can be influenced by gravity. In 1981 she earned a Doctorate of Medicine.

Jemison was in astronomy ever since she was a child. She dreamed of going to space one day. While attending UCLA, she applied for NASA. Soon after she applied, NASA had a terrible accident on January 28, 1986. "Challenger" was launched in Florida and it blew up soon after taking off. The astronauts were all killed. There would be no more astronauts going into space until the scientists figured out what had happened. Jemison became one of the 0.75% of people who were chosen for a special type of instruction at NASA a year after this accident had occurred.

The training incorporated physical demand and rigorous studying of science. She had to learn what to do in case if an emergency had happened. She soon became a certified mission specialist. Jemison’s mission was in September 1992. She is remembered as the member of the crew on "Endeavour", an eight-day journey. This was a joint mission between the US and Japan. She fertilized frog eggs and observed their development into tadpoles.

Jemison worked at NASA from 1987 to 1993. She later started The Jemison Group, Inc., which created ALAFIYA, a satellite-based telecommunications system. This system was to be used to bring healthcare to developing nations. She also was a professor in the Environmental Studies Program at Dartmouth College. There she directed the Jemison Institute for Advancing Technology in Developing Countries. She has studied astronomy, zoology, archaeology, and many other things.

Jemison joined the Peace Corps, a volunteer organization. She worked as a medical officer there from 1983 to 1985 in Sierra Leone and Liberia.

Jemison has won many awards since her time in space. She was named as one of the 50 most influential women by "Ebony" magazine. She is in three different halls of fame: the National Medical Association Hall of Fame, Texas Science Hall of Fame, and National Women’s Hall of Fame. Jemison has also been on a few television programs, including the PBS program "African American Lives". She also speaks in public about her life and influence. Mae C. Jemison Public School was named after her.

Club

A club can be many things. 


Ethylene

Ethylene or ethene is a chemical compound with two carbon atoms and four hydrogen atoms in each molecule. These molecules are put together with a double bond that makes it a hydrocarbon. It is very important in industry and has even been used in biology as a hormone. It is also the most made chemical. About 75 million tons of it have been made each year since 2005. Its biggest use is to make polyethylene.

Since 1795, ethylene was called an "olefiant gas", or "oil making gas". This was because it came together with chlorine to make the "oil of the Dutch chemists".

In 1866, the German chemist August Wilhelm von Hofmann came up with a system for naming hydrocarbons. The suffixes -ane, -ene, -ine, -one, and -une were used to call the hydrocarbons with 0, 2, 4, 6, and 8 fewer hydrogen atoms than the alkane it came from. Because of this system, ethylene became ethene.

In 1979, the IUPAC decided that ethylene would stay ethylene.

Ethylene is made in the chemical industry by steam cracking. Some of the parts of an ethylene plant can be:


There are other systems in an ethylene plant. The systems listed above were the most important systems in an ethylene plant.

Since making ethylene uses a lot of energy, the people making the ethylene try very hard to keep the heat from the gasses from leaving the furnaces.


Skol

Skol is a brand of beer made by the Danish company Carlsberg Group. Skol was first brewed in 1959 for European customers. The beer's name comes from the Danish word "skål" which means "to your health", a common toast (a word or phrase said before drinking). Skol is available in a few different flavors.

Skol was started in 1964 in Europe. It became available in Brazil in 1967. In 1979, it was one of the first beers to be sold in aluminum cans. As of 2004, Skol was available in more than 20 countries.

In 2000, the first annual Skol Beats music festival was held in São Paulo, Brazil. The type of music featured at Skol Beats is electronic, including trance, techno, electro, drum and bass, house, and breakbeat. Skol's new "Beats" beer was revealed at the 2000 festival. Beats has a different flavor and alcohol content than the original Skol. It is marketed as the beer for people that like parties and excitement.

In October of 2006, the new Skol Lemon was released. Response to Skol Lemon has been divided. Some people really like it and others do not.

Fragmentation

Fragmentation can mean:


Archbishopric of Salzburg

The Archbishopric of Salzburg was a state of the Holy Roman Empire Archbishop of Salzburg as a Prince-Bishop. This means the archbishop had his ecclesiatical (church) powers and also the powers of an he Archbishopric was about the same size as the modern state of Salzburg in Austria.

The most famous Archbishop was probably the last to rule as a prince. He was Hieronymus von Colloredo, who was an early patron of Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart.

In 450 a book was written about the live of St Severinus of Noricum. The book said that Salzburg had two churches and a monastery. St. Maxius is the only abbot-bishop known by name. Soon after Maxius was martyred, Salzburg was destroyed soon after in about 482.

St. Rupert later went back to Salzburg to set up the churches again. He saw the ruins of Salzburg overgrown with brambles, but no one knows whether he arrived about 543 during the time of Theodo I or in about 698 when Bavaria was conquered by the Franks.

It was not until after 700 that Christian civilisation started to grow again in the region. The cathedral monastery was named in honour of St. Peter and Rupert's niece Ehrentrudis founded the nunnery at Nonnberg.

Arno, Archbishop of Salzburg enjoyed the respect of the Frankish king Charlemagne. Charlemagne asked him to make the land between the Danube, the Raab, and Drave Rivers Christian. This area ad recently been taken from the Avars. Monasteries were founded and all of Carinthia was slowly Christianised.

While Arno was in Rome attending to some of Charlemagne's business in 798, Pope Leo III appointed him Archbishop over the other bishops in Bavaria (Freising, Passau, Regensburg, and Säben). When the dispute over the church's border between Salzburg and Aquileia broke out, Charlemagne declared the River Drave to be the border. Arno also began the copying of 150 volumes from the court of Charlemagne. This was the start of the first library in Austria.

The first archbishop of the era was Gebhard, who during the Investiture Controversy remained on the side of the Pope. Because of this, Gebhard was exiled for nine years, but was allowed to return shortly before his death and was buried in Admont. His successor Thimo was imprisoned for five years, and suffered a horrible death in 1102. After King Henry IV abdicated and Conrad I of Abensberg was elected Archbishop. Conrad lived in exile until the Calistine Concordat of 1122.

The Archbishops again took the side of the Pope during the arguments between the Pope and the Hohenstaufens. Archbishop Eberard I of Hilpolstein-Biburg was allowed to reign in peace, but his successor Conrad II of Austria made the Emperor's angry and died in 1168 in Admont trying to hide from the Emperor. Conrad III of Wittelsbach was appointed the Archbishop of Salzburg in 1177 at the Diet of Venice, after the supporters of both Pope and Emperor were deposed.

Archbishop Eberard II of Truchsess was made a prince of the Empire in 1213, and created three new sees: Chiemsee (1216), Seckau (1218) and Lavant (1225). Eberard was excommunicated in 1245 after refusing to publish a decree deposing the emperor. Eberard died suddenly the next year. During the German Interregnum, Salzburg also suffered confusion. Philip of Carinthia was made ruler of Salzburg, but refused to become a priest. This meant he could not be Archbishop, so he was deposed (sacked) by Ulrich, Bishop of Seckau.

King Rudolph I of Habsburg quarrelled with the archbishops. The arguments wer started by Abbot Henry of Admont After Henry died the archbishops and the Habsburgs made peace in 1297. The people and archbishops of Salzburgs remained loyal to the Habsburgs in their struggles against the Wittelsbachs. When the Black Death reached Salzburg in 1347, the Jews were accused of poisoning the wells and suffered severe persecution. The Jews were expelled from Salzburg in 1404. Later, the Jews were allowed to return but were forced to wear pointed hats. Although the Renaissance was a time when new paintings, sculptures and music was being made across Europe, this did not happen in Salzburg because the archbishops were not got rulers, and because of poor conditions in the empire during the reign of Frederick IV.

Conditions were at their worst during the reign of Bernard II of Rohr. The country was in depression, local authorities were raising their own taxes and the Turks were attackingthe archdiocese. In 1473, he summoned the first provincial diet (parliament) in the history of the archbishopric, and eventually abdicated. It was only Leonard of Keutschach (reigned 1495–1519) who changedthe situation. He had all the burgermeisters and town councillors (who were charging unfair taxes) arrested at the same time and imprisoned in the castle. His last years were spent in bitter struggle against Matthäus Lang of Wellenburg, Bishop of Gurk, who succeeded him in 1519.

Archbishop Paris of Lodron led Salzburg to peace and prosperity during the Thirty Years' War in which the rest of Germany was thoroughly devastated. During the reign of Leopold Anthony of Firmian, Protestants emerged more vigorously than before. He invited the Jesuits to Salzburg and asked for help from the emperor, and finally ordered the Protestants to recant or emigrate - about 30,000 people left and settled in Württemberg, Hanover and East Prussia, and a few settled in Georgia in the United States of America. The last Prince-Archbishop, Hieronymus of Colloredo, is probably the most well known for his patronage of Mozart. His reforms of the church and education alienated himself from the people.

In 1803, Salzburg was secularised (stopped being control by the church) as the Electorate of Salzburg. The former Grand Duke Ferdinand III of Tuscany (brother of Emperor Francis II) was made elector. In 1805 Salzburg became a part of Austria, and in 1809, a part of Bavaria. The Bavarians closed the University of Salzburg, banned monasteries from accepting novices (new monks for training), and banned pilgrimages and processions. The Congress of Vienna returned Salzburg to the Austrians in 1814.


"Abandoned after c. 482"




The secularized Duchy of Salzburg was created in 1803, but annexed by Austria in 1805. The Duke of Salzburg was transferred to the Grand Duchy of Würzburg:




Chinrest

A chinrest is a part on a violin. It helps to hold the violin against the player's shoulder. A chinrest is usually made of wood. It is usually not glued on. Instead, metal clasps are used. These clasps are put against the side of the violin. They are held on by the tension of the screws in them. Older violins do not often have chinrests.

Rheinfelden (Baden)

Rheinfelden is a town in Germany that was started in 1922. The name means "the fields of the Rhine", like Rheinfelden in Switzerland.

Stone circle

A stone circle is an ancient monument. It is made of several standing stones, usually menhirs that are arranged in a certain way. Very often those stones form circles or ellipses. The number of stones can vary between four and 60. Very often, burial sites are in the circle, or nearby. There are about 1,000 stone circles and 80 stone henges in the Great Britain and Ireland. Most likely stone circles were used for rituals. They might also have been used as calendars; some stone circles are arranged so that certain stones are lit on special dates, such as the summer solstice.

Standing stone

Standing stones or menhirs are stones set into the ground vertically. They were put there by Neolithic people in the British Isles and Brittany, and they also occur elsewhere in the world.

There may be single standing stones, circles, lines or groups of them. Their dates are mostly from 4000 BC to 1,500 BC. Since Neolithic peoples did not have writing, we do not know much about what they were used for. It is generally thought they had both practical and ceremonial or religious uses. Pottery that has been found near some of these stones suggest some of them in Europe belonged to the so-called 'Beaker culture'.

Their shape is generally uneven and squared, usually becoming thinner near the top. Menhirs can be found across Europe, Africa and Asia, but they are mostly found in Western Europe; espically in the British Isles (Great Britain and Ireland), and Brittany. There are about 50,000 megaliths in these areas. Standing stones are usually hard to date, but pottery found underneath some in western Europe connects them with the Beaker people. They were made as part of a megalithic culture which was powerful in Europe and beyond.

Where they appear in groups, often in a round, oval, henge or horseshoe formation, they are sometimes called megalithic monuments. These are sites of very old religious ceremonies, sometimes having burial chambers. The developments of radiocarbon dating and tree-ring calibration have helped us learn more of their timing. In some archaeological sites, the remains of wooden henges can be found. Woodhenge was a henge and timber circle monument in the Stonehenge World Heritage Site in Wiltshire, England. It is 2 miles (3.2 km) north-east of Stonehenge.

Not really anything is known of the social group or religious thoughts of the people who made the menhirs. There is not even any trace of their language. We do know that they buried their dead, and had the skills to grow cereal, farm and make pottery, stone tools and jewelry. Some recent research into the megaliths in Brittany suggests a much older origin, maybe back to six to seven thousand years ago. This is not generally accepted at this time.



Rheinfelden

Rheinfelden is:



Feldspar

Feldspar is the name of a group of rock-forming tectosilicate minerals that make up as much as 60% of the Earth's crust.

Feldspar forms crystals from magma in both intrusive and extrusive rocks, and they can also happen as compact minerals, as veins, and are also present in many types of metamorphic rock. Rock formed entirely of plagioclase feldspar is known as anorthosite. Feldspar is also found in many types of sedimentary rock.

Feldspar is typically reddish or pale pink in color, and has a hardness of 6 on the Mohs scale, making it roughly as hard to scratch as glass.

There are two groups of feldspar, both made out of silica and aluminum:

Felisburgo

Felisburgo is a Brazilian municipality in the state of Minas Gerais.

Brazos Country, Texas

Brazos Country is a city in Austin County, Texas. It had a population was 514 people in 2020.

List of cities in Texas

The following is a list of cities in the state of Texas in the United States, by letter:


























Arthur Rimbaud

Jean Nicolas Arthur Rimbaud (20 October 1854 – 10 November 1891) was a French poet, born in Charleville. He wrote his best works when he was 15–18 years old. He was restless and moved around the world a lot. He was homosexual. He died of bone cancer just after his 37th birthday.



Elisée Reclus

Élisée Reclus (March 15, 1830–July 4, 1905), also known as Jean Jacques Élisée Reclus, was a French geographer and anarchist.

He was born at Sainte-Foy-la-Grande (Gironde). He was the second son of a Protestant priest, who had a family of fourteen children. His education, begun in Rhenish Prussia, was continued in the Protestant college of Montauban, and completed at the university of Berlin, where he followed a long course of geography under Karl Ritter.

After 1851, he spent the next six years (1852–1857) visiting the British Isles, the United States, Central America, and Colombia. On his return to Paris he contributed to the "Revue des deux mondes", the "Tour du monde" and other papers, with a large number of articles about geography.

In 1867–1868 he published "La Terre; description des phénomènes de la vie du globe", in two volumes.During the 1870 siege of Paris, he was in the National Guard, while as a member of the Association Nationale des Travailleurs he published in the "Cri du Peuple" an article against the government of Versailles in support of the Paris Commune of 1871.Continuing to serve in the National Guard, now in open revolt, he was taken prisoner on April 5. On November 16, he was sentenced to transportation for life; but, after changed to a ban as an exile.

Reclus also visited Italy, and Switzerland, where he wrote many articles about geography.

In 1882 Reclus initiated the Anti-Marriage Movement. After this was followed by government prosecutions, instituted in the High Court of Lyon, against the anarchists, members of the International Association, of which Reclus and the other anarchist Kropotkin were designated as the two "leaders" of organization. Piotr Kropotkin was arrested and condemned to five years’ imprisonment, but Reclus, being resident in Switzerland, escaped.

After 1892 he taught in university of Brussels, and contributed in many journals about science and geography.

Some articles wrote by Reclus:

Reclus died at Torhout, near Bruges.



Marianna

Marianna can be one of the following:


Skjaldbreiður

Skjaldbreiður(Skyald-bray-thur) is a volcano in Iceland. It is 1,060 metres tall, and its crater measures roughly 300 metres in diameter. Skjaldbreiður translated in English means broad shield and is the name for shield volcano.

Michael Emerson

Michael Emerson (born September 7, 1954) is an American theatre, television, and movie actor. He won an "Outstanding Guest Actor" Emmy in 2001 for a part on "The Practice". He is best known for playing Zep Hindle in the 2004 movie "Saw" and Ben Linus in the television series "Lost".

Emerson was born in Cedar Rapids, Iowa and grew up in the nearby town of Toledo, Iowa. He studied theater and art at Drake University in Des Moines, Iowa, and graduated in 1976. He then moved to New York City. He had trouble finding work as an actor so he took retail jobs and worked as a freelance illustrator. In 1986, he moved with his first wife to Jacksonville, Florida. In Jacksonville, between 1986 to 1993, he was in local productions, and worked as a teacher and director.

Emerson thought about not being an actor and being a teacher instead, because it is a more stable job. He decided to go back to school and get a Master of Fine Arts. He thought it might help him meet theatre professionals and directors. 

Emerson's first big role was in 1997. He starred as Oscar Wilde in Moises Kaufman's play, "Gross Indecency: The Trials of Oscar Wilde," and then was in many other plays. In 1998, he acted with Uma Thurman in the off-Broadway production of "The Misanthrope". In 1999, he played the part of Willie Oban in "The Iceman Cometh" with Kevin Spacey. He co-starred with Kate Burton in both "Give Me Your Answer, Do!" and "Hedda Gabler".

In movies and television, Emerson played somewhat dangerous, damaged characters. He played the roles so that the character would seem mysterious. In 2001, he won an Emmy Award as "Outstanding Guest Actor in a Drama Series", for playing the (fictional) confessed serial killer William Hinks in several episodes of "The Practice".

One of Emerson's most well-known works was in 2004, as the character Zep Hindle in the horror movie "Saw". In 2006, Emerson began guest-starring on the television series "Lost" as Henry Gale/Ben Linus . He was originally planned to be in a small number of episodes, but he returned for season 3 as a main cast member. In 2007, he was nominated for another Emmy Award for his work on the series.

Battle of Chantilly

The Battle of Chantilly happened on September 1, 1862, in Fairfax County, Virginia. It was the last battle of the Northern Virginia Campaign during the American Civil War. The battle had two names: the Union side called it the "Battle of Chantilly" and the Confederates called it the "Battle of Ox Hill".

Confederate General Robert E. Lee had just won the Second Battle of Bull Run on August 29. The Union Army, commanded by John Pope, started retreating north towards Washington, D.C. Lee wanted to destroy Pope's army. He sent Thomas J. Jackson's corps to march around Pope's army in order to capture the road to Washington. If the Confederates captured the road, Pope would have been surrounded and be forced to surrender.

On September 1, Pope found out where Jackson was. He sent Jesse L. Reno with two divisions to attack Jackson. Jackson had stopped on Ox Hill, which was near the Chantilly Plantation. He decided to stop there because he found Pope's army was farther north than he expected.

The first Union commander to arrive at Ox Hill was Isaac Stevens. He decided to attack Jackson's men about 5 p.m. At the same time, a thunderstorm broke out and made some of the solders's ammunition too wet to fire. Many men had to fight with bayonets. Stevens's division made part of the Confederate army retreat. But the Confederates counterattacked and forced Steven's division retreat. During the attack, Stevens was killed.

After Stevens' s attack failed, Philip Kearny's division arrived. Kearny tried to attack the Confederates but he was killed too. After sunset, the Union soldiers retreated from the battlefield.

The Union army lost about 1,000 casaulties in the battle. The Confederates lost about 500 to 600 casualties. Pope continued retreating to Washington on September 2.


Jörg Haider

Jörg Haider (26 January 1950 – 11 October, 2008) was an Austrian politician who was often said to be off right-populism ("rechtspopulist"). He was born in Bad Goisern, Upper Austria, and died in Köttmannsdorf near Klagenfurt, Carinthia, Austria.

At the age of 29 he became the youngest member of the Austrian parliament and in 1989 the Governor of Carinthia for the first time.

Haider led the Freedom Party of Austria (FPÖ) to great success so that in 1999 the party reached the second most votes with 27% behind the SPÖ with 33% and could form a coalition with the Austrian People's Party ÖVP (having for the first time only the third most votes) making Wolfgang Schüssel Chancellor of Austria.

Haider passed his leading position to other party members so that a coalition could take place and returned to Carinthia to work as Governor.

In 2004 Haider was re-elected as Governor of Carinthia. One year later the leading members of the FPÖ as well as their party members in the government together with Jörg Haider (as their new head) founded a new Party, the BZÖ. In 2006 the BZÖ party reached the 4% (that time lea by P. Westenthaler) in the Austrian elections and so became part of the Parliament with 7 representatives. For the snap elections in September 2008 he was voted unanimously in his party for the leading position and ran as candidate again for the elections. The party gained 10.7% and therefore could rise its seats 3 times now having 21 representatives under the lead of Jörg Haider. However Haider promised before the votes toke place to remain Governor as he would have only changed to become Chancellor. There were possibilities to build a government with Jörg Haider as chancellor (Haider already managed to form a coalition where the ÖVP under Schüssel with the 3rd most votes got the Chancellor) or at least the BZÖ represented in the government. For this a coalition of BZÖ with FPÖ and ÖVP was necessary, however Haider never got into this position.

On 11 October 2008, Haider died in a traffic accident near the town of Klagenfurt. He was returning home after an event that had taken place earlier. Many people living in Carinthia in reaction to his death, left public offerings as flowers, candles, cards and personal messages, Austrian singer and intendant Harald Serafin called the tragic death even an "Austro-Lady-Diana-Story".

Egyptian Museum

The Egyptian Museum, formally known as the Museum of Egyptian Antiquities, is a museum in Cairo, Egypt, which has a large collection of ancient Egyptian antiquities in the world. It has 120,000 items. The museum's Royal Mummy Room, shows some mummies of New Kingdom kings and queens.

Another large museum of Egyptian antiquities is Egyptian Museum of Turin, which is the only museum other than the Cairo Museum that is dedicated only to Egyptian art and culture.


Yagan

Yagan (c. 1795–11 July 1833) was a Noongar warrior who played an important part in early indigenous Australian resistance to European settlement and rule in the area of Perth, Western Australia. 

Yagan was the son of Midgigoroo, one of the elders of the tribe who lived in the Perth area. Yagan was blamed for spearing cattle near the Swan River. There were not many cattle in the new colony and food was scarce. Yagan's taking of the settlers animals and food supplies was seen as a very serious crime. After a European was killed, the military started a search for Yagan. He was found after four months and sent to Carnac Island. He escaped after six weeks. One of the soldiers who had got to know him on Carnac Island, compared him to William Wallace.

Yagan's brother was killed in April 1833 while trying to steal flour from a cart. Yagan, Midgigoroo and several others attacked another cart and killed the drivers. They were declared outlaws, which meant they had no legal rights and could be killed by anyone. A reward of £30 was offered for their capture. Midgigoroo was soon captured and executed. Two months later, on 11 July 1833 a shepherd, William Keates, shot and killed Yagan. Keates was killed soon afterwards in another fight with the Aborigines, and his brother claimed the reward for the capture of Yagan. Yagan's head was cut off and sent to England for display. 

After a long search his remains were rediscovered in an unmarked grave in Liverpool and returned to Australia in 1997. On 10 July 2010, Yangar was reburied in Perth, at a site now called the Yagan Memorial Park. The park is on the site where Yagan was killed in 1833.

Osaka University

Osaka University is a national university of Japan. It was started in 1869. It is in Osaka. It has 11 departments.



Daytona 500

The Daytona 500 is an auto race held in Daytona Beach, Florida. It is the opening event of the NASCAR Sprint Cup Series. Daytona has hosted racing for many years. Originally cars raced on the beach, but in 1959, race officials built the Daytona International Speedway, where the race has been held ever since. The Daytona track hosts many other races as well. The Daytona 500 is considered the most important event in NASCAR.

The Daytona 500 has many memories, the winners receive a Harley J. Earl Trophy every year at the end of every race, The trophy is not the only one awarded to the event, The crew chief of the teams receives the Cannonball trophy, a trophy by Cannonball Baker.

Eventually, the race was held in 1959, It was the second 500-mile NASCAR race, following the Southern 500, By 1961, the race was referred as the Daytona 500.

At Daytona, the cars pile up in multi-car wrecks, known as The Big One.

Beat 'em up games

Beat 'em up games are video games where the player beats up bad guys while walking through levels. Sometimes the player has to beat up certain bad guys to progress through the game. Most of the time, these games have level bosses which are usually at the end of the level. Examples of "beat-em up" games are arcade games like "Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles" and "The Simpsons". "Super Smash Bros. Brawl" also has a "beat-em up" part in the game where the player fights bad guys from the Subspace Emissary and fights other characters as well in order to beat the levels.

Petropavlovsk-Kamchatsky

Petropavlovsk-Kamchatsky () is a city in Russia. Petropavlovsk-Kamchatsky is the administrative, industrial and cultural center of Kamchatka Krai. Population: 181,181 (2019).

The city lies on the Pacific coast of the Kamchatka Peninsula.

It was founded by Vitus Bering in 1740 and was named after ships the "St. Peter" and the "St. Paul".

Principal industry is fishing.


Institute of volcanology and seismology of Far East Branch of Russian Academy of Sciences is located in the city.

Climate is mild. Annual average temperature is +2,8 °C.

Perspective

Perspective may mean:
Literally, in visual topics:

Metaphorically, in relation to cognitive topics:

Proper names:

In mathematics:


Perspective (graphical)

In graphic arts, perspective is the representation of how an image is seen by the eye. It was first invented by Filippo Brunelleschi. It is about how the angle and distance of a three-dimensional object is represented on a flat surface. To create a real scene, objects are drawn smaller to show that they are farther away from the person looking at the artwork. The dimensions of an object are also drawn differently depending where the line of sight is. The size of an object's dimensions along the line of sight are usually drawn shorter than dimensions across the line of sight. This is called foreshortening, and is used to create the appearance of three dimensions on a flat surface.

Landscape paintings have a horizon line. This line represents objects that are infinitely far away. They have shrunk, in the distance, like objects on the Earth's horizon. Changing the height of the horizon level changes the view point for the picture. A person lying on the ground and looking up would have a different view to a person on a ladder looking down.

Perspective works by representing the light that passes from a scene through an imaginary rectangle (the painting), to the viewer's eye. It is similar to a viewer looking through a window and painting what is seen directly onto the windowpane. If viewed from the same spot as the windowpane was painted, the painted image would be identical to what was seen through the unpainted window. Each painted object in the scene is a flat, scaled down version of the object on the other side of the window. 



Graphic arts

Graphic arts is a term that was used for the art of printmaking and drawing. Today it means the skills of a graphic designer or print technician. Graphic arts as a trade can be traced back to the first instances of the stamped image or word.

Graphic art is an artistic process of creating a design where one uses a medium (like rubber or plexiglas) and transfers the image to a material (like paper).



Print

Print may mean:


Cylinder (engine)

A cylinder is the central working part of an engine, the space in which a piston travels. Mostly several cylinders are arranged side by side in an "engine block". 


Cylinder (disambiguation)

A cylinder is a three-dimensional geometric shape. Cylinder may also refer to:






Stanley, Iowa

Stanley is a city in the Buchanan and Fayette counties in the U.S. state of Iowa. There were 81 people living in Stanley as of the year 2020. The city has an area of 0.2 square miles, thanks to the United States Census Bureau.

List of cities in Iowa

The following is a list of cities in the state of Iowa, by letter:


























Les Bois

Les Bois is a municipality in the district of Franches-Montagnes in the canton of Jura in Switzerland.

Les Breuleux

Les Breuleux is a municipality in the district of Franches-Montagnes in the canton of Jura in Switzerland.

La Chaux-des-Breuleux

La Chaux-des-Breuleux is a municipality in the district of Franches-Montagnes in the canton of Jura in Switzerland.

Abrams, Wisconsin

Abrams is a town in Oconto County, Wisconsin, United States. 1,757 people were living in Abrams as of the 2000 Census.

The town has an area of 37.6 square miles, says the United States Census Bureau.

Les Enfers

Les Enfers is a municipality in the district of Franches-Montagnes in the canton of Jura in Switzerland.

Ackley, Wisconsin

Ackley is a town in Langlade County, Wisconsin, United States. There were 510 people living in Ackley as of the 2000 Census. The town came into being on March 4, 1879.

The town has an area of 70.9 square miles, thanks to the United States Census Bureau.

Epauvillers

Epauvillers is a village and former municipality in the district of Franches-Montagnes in the canton of Jura in Switzerland. On 1 January 2009, the former municipalities of Epauvillers, Epiquerez, Montenol, Montmelon, Ocourt, Saint-Ursanne, Seleute merged into the new municipality of Clos du Doubs.

Eichsfeld (district)

Eichsfeld is a rural district in Thuringia, Germany, and is part of the historical region of Eichsfeld. 

In medieval times, the district of Eichsfeld was much largaer than the present rural district and was owned by the Archbishops of Mainz.

Eichsfeld was the only part of Thuringia not to accept the Protestant Reformation, mostly because of the efforts of the Archbishop of Mainz.

In 1801, the clerical states were dissolved, and Prussia took over. 

The present district was established in 1994 by merging the former districts of Worbis and Heiligenstadt.


Gotha (district)

Gotha is a Kreis (rural district) in the middle of Thuringia, Germany.

The district was made on October 1, 1922, when the newly created state of Thuringia was divided into 15 rural districts () and 9 district free cities ().

Since 1990 the district has had a partnership with Main-Kinzig Rural District in Hesse, Germany.



Schwabhausen, Thuringia

Schwabhausen is a municipality in Gotha Rural District, Thuringia. It is not part of any verwaltungsgemeinschaft.

Adams (town), Wisconsin

Adams can be one of these places in the U.S. state of Wisconsin:


Adams, Adams County, Wisconsin

Adams is a town in Adams County in the U.S. state of Wisconsin. There were 1,267 people living in Adams as of the 2000 Census. The City of Adams can be found inside of the town. The town has an area of 50.6 square miles, says to the United States Census Bureau.

Adams, Green County, Wisconsin

Adams is a town in Green County, Wisconsin, United States. There were 464 people living in Adams as of the 2000 Census. The town has an area of 36.2 square miles, thanks to the United States Census Bureau.

The first settlers were Cornish lead miners. They were followed by settlers from New England, Ireland, Switzerland, and Norway. The town has been the home of a Lutheran and a Catholic parish. Saint Francis Catholic Church was made by Catholic immigrants from Ireland. Later, the parish joined with Saint Joseph Catholic Church in Argyle, Wisconsin. The church was later torn down. Only the cemetery is still there.

Adams, Jackson County, Wisconsin

Adams is a town in Jackson County, Wisconsin, United States. There were 1,208 people living in Adams as of the 2000 Census. The town has an area of 37.0 square miles, thanks to the United States Census Bureau.

Addison, Wisconsin

Addison is a town in Washington County, Wisconsin, United States. There were 3,341 people living in Addison as of the 2000 Census. The town has an area of 36.2 square miles, thanks to the United States Census Bureau.

Into the Wild (Warriors)

Into the Wild is the first book in the "Warriors: The Prophecies Begin" series. It was written by Victoria Holmes and Kate Cary under the pen name of Erin Hunter. It was published on 21 January 2003.

Rusty is an ordinary house cat who dreams of living in the wild. One night, he decides to explore the nearby forest. Before he goes, he is warned by his friend, Smudge, that the forest is filled with dangerous wild cats. Rusty goes into the forest anyway, and meets the leader of ThunderClan, Bluestar. Bluestar is the leader of one of the four wild cat Clans living in the nearby forest. He decides to accept her invitation to join her Clan and becomes Firepaw, an apprentice of ThunderClan. The other Clan cats are initially reluctant to accept Firepaw because of his house cat origins, but he slowly earns a place in the Clan.

Firepaw becomes friends with the apprentices Graypaw and Ravenpaw, and falls in love with the Clan's medicine cat (a Clan healer with spiritual abilities) Spottedleaf. He learns to hunt and fight, and he learns about Clan traditions. He finds another friend in Yellowfang, an old and grumpy medicine cat who was exiled from ShadowClan and taken into ThunderClan.

The four Clans, ThunderClan, WindClan, ShadowClan, and RiverClan, fight with each other to occupy hunting grounds. In a battle that takes place right before Firepaw joins ThunderClan, the ThunderClan deputy (second-in-command), Redtail, dies. Firepaw later learns from Ravenpaw that the former deputy was not killed by an enemy Clan, but by Tigerclaw, a ThunderClan warrior. Tigerclaw killed Redtail because he wanted to be deputy instead. Tigerclaw knows that Ravenpaw saw him kill Redtail, so Firepaw and Graypaw help Ravenpaw escape the forest to live on a farm, because Tigerclaw plans to kill Ravenpaw for knowing his secret.

After driving out WindClan for more hunting territory, ShadowClan tries to drive out ThunderClan, leading to a battle. The new deputy, Lionheart, is killed during the fight, and Tigerclaw is named deputy. After this, Clawface of ShadowClan kills Spottedleaf, and steals some ThunderClan kits. Everyone believes that it was Yellowfang who took the kits, because she disappeared the moment the kits were discovered missing. Firepaw and Graypaw, follow Yellowfang's scent to ShadowClan territory, to find out the truth about Spottedleaf and the missing kits. Together, with some help from within ShadowClan, they drive out Brokenstar, the evil leader of ShadowClan. Yellowfang, having proved her loyalty, becomes ThunderClan's new medicine cat, while Firepaw and Graypaw are made warriors (full members of the Clan) and receive their warrior names, Fireheart and Graystripe.

Critical density

Critical density is the value at which the Universe is at balance, and expansion is stopped. This value is estimated as (1~3)×10^-26 kg/m³ and it’s calculated when you take the matter-energy density of the universe and divide it by the matter-energy density of the universe that is required to achieve that balance.

This is related to the cosmic density parameter in many ways; this term describes the ratio of the actual density value of the Universe to the critical density value. If the ratio is one, then the Universe is at balance, and the Universe is flat and will expand forever. If the ratio is greater than one, then the actual density of the Universe is greater than the critical density, and thus the Universe will eventually become closed and will ultimately end up collapsing in on it self. If the ratio is less than one, then the actual density is less than the critical density, and the Universe is open and expands forever in every direction.

Non-Euclidean geometry

Non-Euclidean geometry is a type of geometry. Non-Euclidean geometry only uses some of the "postulates" (assumptions) that Euclidean geometry is based on. In normal geometry, parallel lines can never meet. In non-Euclidean geometry they can meet, either infinitely many times (elliptic geometry), or never (hyperbolic geometry).

An example of Non-Euclidian geometry can be seen by drawing lines on a ball or other round object, straight lines that are parallel at the equator can meet at the poles.

It is called "Non-Euclidean" because it is different from Euclidean geometry, which was discovered by an Ancient Greek mathematician called Euclid. The different names for non-Euclidean geometries came from thinking of "straight" lines as curved lines, either curved inwards like an ellipse, or outwards like a hyperbola.

The first authors of non-Euclidean geometries were the Hungarian mathematician János Bolyai and the Russian mathematician Nikolai Ivanovich Lobachevsky, who separately published treatises on hyperbolic geometry around 1830. As well Eugenio Beltrami published book on non-Eucludean geometry in 1868. Others, such as Carl Friedrich Gauss, had earlier ideas, but did not publish their ideas at the time.

Miranda de Ebro

Miranda de Ebro is a city in Spain. It is the second biggest city in Burgos province, in the region of Castile and León. It is an important industrial center, with a population of 39,589 people (2009).

The river which runs through the city is the Ebro.


Julia Fischer

Julia Fischer (born 15 June 1983) is a German violinist and pianist.

Julia Fischer, born in Munich, is of German-Slovakian parentage. Her mother came from the German minority in Slovakia and emigrated from Košice in Slovakia to the Federal Republic of Germany in 1972. Her German father moved in the same year from Eastern Saxony to West Germany.

In fall 2004 the label PentaTone released Julia Fischer's first CD: Russian violin concertos with Yakov Kreizberg and the Russian National Orchestra.

Julia Fischer began her studies before her fourth birthday, when she received her first violin lesson from Helge Thelen; a few months later she started studying the piano with her mother Viera Fischer. Fischer said, "my mother's a pianist and I wanted to play the piano as well, but as my elder brother also played the piano, she thought it would be nice to have another instrument in the family. I agreed to try out the violin and stayed with it." She began her formal violin education at the Leopold Mozart Conservatory in Augsburg. At the age of nine Julia Fischer went to the Munich Academy of Music. 

Among the most prestigious competitions that Julia Fischer has won are the International Yehudi Menuhin Violin Competition under Lord Yehudi Menuhin's supervision, where she won both the first prize and the special prize for best Bach solo work performance in 1995 and the Eighth Eurovision Competition for Young Instrumentalists in 1996, which was broadcast in 22 countries from Lisbon. In 1997 Julia Fischer was awarded the “Prix d‘Espoir” by the Foundation of European Industry. She recently had the opportunity to play Mozart's own violin in the room in which he was born at Salzburg to honour his 250th birthday.

Her repertoire (from Bach to Penderecki, from Vivaldi to Shostakovich), contains over 40 works with orchestra and about 60 works of chamber music.

At the moment she plays on a Guadagnini (See link below) made in 1750 which she bought in summer 2004.
For four years since 2000, she had been using a Stradivarius, the 1716 Booth, on loan from Nippon Music Foundation. Before she had the Strad, she played a Guarneri del Gesù and a Gagliano. She uses two bows, one a copy of the Heifetz Tourte by the Viennese maker Thomas Gerbeth, the other a French bow which she uses when she needs to send the Tourte bow away to be rehaired.

Julia Fischer has won five prizes for her violin playing and three prizes for her piano playing a.o. at "Jugend musiziert". She won all eight competitions she entered.


After releasing ten CDs for PentaTone her eleventh CD was released by Decca.

She considers Maxim Vengerov, Evgeny Kissin, and Glenn Gould to be among her greatest influences. 

Mother: Viera Fischer, maiden name Krenková, born in Nové Zámky Slovakia, pianist
Father: Frank-Michael Fischer, a university-educated mathematician


Interstate H-1

Interstate H-1 (or H-1) is the most important interstate highway in Hawaii, United States, located on the island of O‘ahu. The road sees more traffic than any other interstate in Hawaii. Despite the number, this is an east-west highway–the 'H'-series (for Hawaii) numbering is done in the order in which routes were given money and built. H-1 goes from Route 93 (Farrington Highway) in Kapolei to Route 72 (Kalanianaole Highway) in Kāhala. East of Middle Street in Honolulu (exit 19A), H-1 is called the Lunalilo Freeway and is sometimes signed as such at older signs in the center of Honolulu. West of Middle Street, H-1 called the Queen Liliʻuokalani Freeway; this name is shown on some roadmaps. It is the west-most interstate highway in the United States. The route is long.

Interstate H-2

Interstate H-2 (abbreviated H-2) is an intrastate interstate highway located on the island of O‘ahu in Hawai‘i, USA. H-2 is also known as the Veterans Memorial Freeway. Despite the number, this is a north–south interstate–the 'H'-series (for Hawaii) numbering reflects the order in which routes were given money and built. Its southern terminus is at Interstate H-1 in Pearl City, and its northern terminus is at Wilikina Drive (Route 99) in Wahiawā near Schofield Barracks and Wheeler Army Airfield. The route is long.

Interstate H-3

Interstate H-3 is a highway in the American state of Hawaii. It begins at the Halawa Interchange with Interstates H-1 and H-201. The highway then runs along a viaduct through Halawa Valley for about 6 miles. It then goes through the Tetsuo Harano Tunnels through the Koolau Mountains. Once on the eastern end of the tunnel, the highway follows a viaduct built along the side of Haiku Valley until the Kaneohe Interchange with state route 63 (Likelike Highway) which leads into the town of Kaneohe. The highway then continues to the Halekou Interchange with state route 83 (Kamehameha Highway). Four miles farther, it reaches the main gate of Marine Corps Base Hawaii. The route is long.

Mike Shinoda

Michael Kenji "Mike" Shinoda (born February 11, 1977) is a Japanese-American musician, record producer, and artist from Agoura Hills, California. He is famous for being the rapper, keyboard and piano player, vocalist and rhythm guitarist of Linkin Park, and his side project, Fort Minor. He also does artwork, production and mixing for both groups.

Mike Shinoda has been married to children's author Anna Hillinger since May 10, 2003. The couple have three children.

Toyota Corolla

The Toyota Corolla is a sedan automobile made by Toyota since 1966. The Corolla was the best-selling car worldwide by 1974 and has been one of the most popular models in America since then. It is famous for its high fuel economy. 

It was first sold in America in 1968. The Corolla is made in many countries all around the world including the United States. The Corolla once had a twin called the Sprinter and it was sold by Chevrolet in the United States as the Nova and Geo Prizm in the 1980s and 1990s. The Corolla is Toyota's best selling car besides the Hi-Lux pickup truck and the bigger Toyota Camry.

Toyota Hilux

The (sometimes written as HiLux or in the past called the Hi-Lux, in North America since 1976 called the Toyota Truck, Toyota Pickup Truck, or Toyota Compact Truck, or sometimes in North America since 1995 the Toyota Tacoma) is a compact pickup truck sold by Toyota. Toyota has been building the Hilux since 1968. New versions have been made at least every decade since then. The most recent big change was in 2015, and the most recent small change was in 2017.

The Toyota Hilux is well known for being used by militants such as ISIL. The Hilux is also seen as the AK-47 of cars according to former army ranger Andrew Exum. The Hilux also has been used by militaries for combat such as in the 1980's Toyota War. 

Suzuki








"All Maruti models since the Esteem are referred as Maruti Suzuki"

















"All Maruti models since the Esteem are referred as Maruti Suzuki"









 clio

Fair trade

Fair trade is a social movement which tries to help people who make things in developing countries. The movement helps people to work in better conditions and helps them get more money for what they make. These things give workers the opportunity to improve their lives and plan for their future, and they help reduce poverty. The movement also tries to keep the environment the same or improve the state that it is in. it is a way to help poverty

Fair trade helps people in developing countries sell to people in developed countries. Things that are sold in international trade include handicrafts and other manufactured goods, agricultural products such as grains, coffee, cocoa, sugar, tea, bananas, honey, cotton, quinoa, fresh fruit, chocolate, wine and flowers, and minerals such as iron and petroleum.

Merchandise that has fair trade status must be given a fair trade certificate. This says it follows rules about fairness to workers and the environment. This will mean the product can put the Fairtrade symbol on their packaging if they earn the certificate.



728 Leonisis

728 Leonisis is an asteroid of the Flora family, found by Johann Palisa in 1912 in Vienna. Its provisional name was 1912 NU.

Astronomers are not sure what its spectral class is. It has been previously placed in the rare A and L classes. These are generally "stony" spectra, but with significant differences from the usual S-type. The unusual spectrum brings Leonisis' membership in the Flora family into doubt.


David C. Jewitt

David C. Jewitt is a Professor of astronomy at the University of Hawaii Institute for Astronomy. He was born in 1958 in England, and graduated from the University of London in 1979.

Metamorphic

Metamorphic is a word from Greek that means "after change." It can also be any of the following:


Mains hum

Mains hum is a signal at a nominal 50 or 60 Hz, depending on local alternating current frequency, and usually some harmonic content. The changing magnetic flux caused by the mains current links with the windings of the pickup, inducing a voltage by transformer action.

Epiquerez

Epiquerez was a municipality in the district of Franches-Montagnes in the canton of Jura in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2009, the former municipalities of Epiquerez, Epauvillers, Montenol, Montmelon, Ocourt, Saint-Ursanne and Seleute merged into the new municipality of Clos du Doubs.

Les Genevez

Les Genevez is a municipality in the district of Franches-Montagnes in the canton of Jura in Switzerland.

Goumois

Goumois was a municipality in the district of Franches-Montagnes in the canton of Jura in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2009, the former municipalities of Goumois and Les Pommerats merged into the municipality of Saignelégier.

Lajoux

Lajoux is a municipality in the district of Franches-Montagnes in the canton of Jura in Switzerland.

Greiz (district)

Greiz is a Landkreis (rural district) in the east of Thuringia, Germany.

Historically the area of the district was part of the "Vogtland", named after the title "Vogt" given to the local rulers in the 13th century. Only two lines of the "Reuß" family survived from that time, with one principality based in Greiz, and the other in Gera and Schleiz. In 1919 both were merged into the "Volksstaat Reuß" (People's State of Reuss), which then became part of Thuringia in 1920.

A subcamp of the Buchenwald concentration camp was located at Berga/Elster during World War II. The SS made inmates dig tunnels and lay railway tracks for the Schwalbe V project.

The district in its current form was created on July 1, 1994, when the districts Gera-Land, Zeulenroda and the previous district Greiz were merged.

Sights in the district Greiz:

Museums in the district Greiz:


Montfaucon, Switzerland

Montfaucon is a municipality in the district of Franches-Montagnes in the canton of Jura in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2009, the former municipality of Montfavergier merged into the municipality of Montfaucon.

Montfavergier

Montfavergier was a municipality in the district of Franches-Montagnes in the canton of Jura in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2009, the former municipality of Montfavergier merged into the municipality of Montfaucon.

Muriaux

Muriaux is a municipality in the district of Franches-Montagnes in the canton of Jura in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2009, the former municipality of Le Peuchapatte merged into the municipality of Muriaux.

Le Noirmont

Le Noirmont is a municipality in the district of Franches-Montagnes in the canton of Jura in Switzerland.


Le Peuchapatte

Le Peuchapatte was a municipality in the district of Franches-Montagnes in the canton of Jura in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2009, the former municipality of Le Peuchapatte merged into the municipality of Muriaux.

Les Pommerats

Les Pommerats was a municipality in the district of Franches-Montagnes in the canton of Jura in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2009, the former municipalities of Goumois and Les Pommerats merged into the municipality of Saignelégier.

Saignelégier

Saignelégier is a municipality in the canton of Jura in Switzerland. It is the seat of the district of Franches-Montagnes. 

The bog and nature preserve around étang de la Gruère is in the municipality.

On 1 January 2009, the former municipalities of Goumois and Les Pommerats merged into the municipality of Saignelégier.


Saint-Brais

Saint-Brais is a municipality in the district of Franches-Montagnes in the canton of Jura in Switzerland.

Soubey

Soubey is a municipality in the district of Franches-Montagnes in the canton of Jura in Switzerland.

Hildburghausen (district)

Hildburghausen is a district in Thuringia, Germany. It covers most of the same territory as the old Ernestine duchy of Saxe-Hildburghausen.

The coat of arms displays:



Ilm-Kreis

Ilm-Kreis is a district in Thuringia, Germany.

In medieval times the territory was ruled by the counts of Henneberg and the princes of Schwarzburg, two local dynasties. While Ilmenau was ruled by Henneberg, Arnstadt belonged to Schwarzburg. When the Henneberg family became extinct in 1583, Ilmenau was acquired by Saxony. The principality of Schwarzburg was split up between family members into several tiny states. One of those states (Schwarzburg-Arnstadt) was based in Arnstadt; it was founded in 1574 and existed until 1716, when it became part of Schwarzburg-Sondershausen. It became part of Thuringia when the Freestate of Thuringia was founded in 1920.

The district was founded in 1920 (under the name Arnstadt); it was divided in 1952 into the districts of Arnstadt and Ilmenau, but joined together again in 1994.

Adrian, Wisconsin

Adrian is a town in Monroe County, Wisconsin, United States. There were 682 people living in Adrian as of the 2000 Census. The town has an area of 35.3 square miles, says the United States Census Bureau.

Agenda, Wisconsin

Agenda is a town in Ashland County in the U.S. state of Wisconsin. There were 513 people living in Agenda as of the 2000 Census. The town has an area of 89.5 square miles, says the United States Census Bureau.

Wizard's First Rule

Wizard's First Rule is a book written by Terry Goodkind. It is the first book in the epic fantasy series called "The Sword of Truth". It was published by Tor Books on August 15, 1994 as a hardcover book, meaning the book was made with a hard cover. The paperback book was released on July 15, 1997. A special version of the book was released on June 23, 2001. It featured art on the cover by Keith Parkinson. This special version was also a paperback version of the book.


The main character in "Wizard’s First Rule" is Richard Cypher. Richard is a woods guide who lives in the area of the world called Westland. Westland is the only part of the world that contains no magic. Westland is set apart from the other lands of the world by a very evil magic boundary. The boundary stops anyone from coming through into the Westland from the Midlands. As a woods guide, Richard leads important political people through the woods to wherever they need to go in Westland. Richard has a brother called Michael Cypher. He is the First Coucilor of Westland. 

Richard's father, George Cypher, was mysteriously killed in the beginning of the book. Because of this, Richard entered a state of sadness. When Richard finds out about an interesting vine left in a jar for him by his dead father, Richard decides to go into the forest to try to find the vine. This leads him to help a traveller escape from 4 men that are chasing her through the forest. The traveller is called Kahlan Amnell, and the people she is running from are called a quad. 

Richard saves Kahlan from the quad. After saving Kahlan, Richard learns that he had just helped someone who had come through the boundary. Before then, it was not heard of for someone to come through the boundary. Richard finds out that Kahlan is looking for the First Wizard. Richard feels that she is in need of help. Because of this, Richard takes Kahlan to his best friend, Zedd.

When he goes to visit his friend, Richard learns that his friend, Zedd, has kept many secrets from him. Richard finds out that Zedd is really the wizard that Kahlan has been looking for. 

Kahlan tells Zedd about some of the events that are taking place in the Midlands. Darken Rahl, who is the villain in the book, is leading an army against the Midlands. After hearing of these events, Zedd decides that Richard is the true Seeker. In doing so, Zedd gives Richard the Sword of Truth. Zedd then decided that they need to cross the boundary to stop Darken Rahl from conquering the world using the magic of the boxes of Orden. 

Richard finds out that the boxes of Orden hold the power of life and death. He also finds out that Darken Rahl needs 3 boxes and needs to open them in the correct order using the information written in the Book of Counted Shadows. Richard was taught the Book of Counted Shadows as a little boy by his father. 

Richard then finds a way through the boundary thanks to his friend, Chase. Chase is a boundary warden. Boundary wardens are officials who keep people from getting too close to the boundary. Chase tells Richard that there is a pass through the boundary. Chase leads them to the pass.

Along the way to the pass, Richard and his friends are attacked by underworld creatures. This encounter leaves both Zedd and Chase in a state of sleep. Soon after this event takes place, Richard and Kahlan reach the home of Adie. Adie is a bone sorcereress, and is the only one who can tell Richard and Kahlan how to get through the boundary. They leave Zedd and Chase in Adie's care, and cross through the boundary. 

After they cross into the Midlands, Richard finds out that the Mud People are the only people who knows where the box of Orden is that they need to stop Darken Rahl from taking over the world. After teaching the Mud People how to make roofs that do not leak, they give Ricahrd the information he needs. 

The book then follows Zedd, Kahlan, Richard, and Chase, as they try to keep the box of Orden from Darken Rahl, who is trying to take over the world.

People will believe a lie either because they want to believe it's true or because they are afraid it might be true.
This rule was a big part of the story and it was also the way that Richard ends up killing Darken Rahl at the end of the book.


Dietary fiber

Dietary fiber is the part of food from plants that cannot be digested. Dietary fiber helps to absorb water or remove waste from the body. Dietary fiber has many parts that plants have, and is eaten in plant foods.

Dietary fiber includes substances like cellulose, wax and lignin, among others. The term "fiber" is not the best way to describe it, because many of these substances are not actually fibers.

Dietary Fiber is grouped if it is soluble or insoluble. Soluble means if it helps to absorb water or not. If it is insoluble, it helps remove wastes from the body.

Henry Ian Cusick

Henry Ian Cusick (born April 17, 1967) is an Emmy Award-nominated Scottish-Peruvian actor of stage, television, and movies.

Cusick was born in Trujillo, Peru to a Peruvian mother and a Scottish father. He lived in Trinidad and Tobago for 10 years. He went to high school there at Presentation College. He can speak both English and Spanish. Cusick spent six months at the Royal Scottish Academy of Music and Drama in Glasgow. After that he joined the Citizens' Theatre.

Cusick's first leading roles at the Citizens' Theatre were Dorian Gray in "The Picture of Dorian Gray" with Rupert Everett, Hamlet in "The Marovitz Hamlet" with Helen Baxendale, and Horner in "The Country Wife".

His performances as Torquato Tasso in the Edinburgh International Festival production of "Torquato Tasso", and Creon in the Citizens' Theatre production of "Oedipus" earned him a special commendation for the Ian Charleson Award 1995 for "Outstanding Performance by a Young Actor in a Classical Theatre Role". He was nominated for an Emmy for his guest role as Desmond Hume on the television series "Lost". He joined the main cast of "Lost" in season 2. He was also in two episodes of season 5 of "24".

Bo Pelini

Mark "Bo" Pelini (born December 13, 1967) is the head football coach at the University of Nebraska–Lincoln. Before that, he was the defensive coordinator for the LSU Tigers. On December 2, 2007, one day after coaching in the 2007 SEC Championship Game, Pelini was named as head coach at Nebraska by athletic director Tom Osborne.

Super Smash Bros. (series)

Super Smash Bros. (also known as SSB, Smash Bros. or Smash) is a fighting game franchise created by Nintendo. There are five titles in total and features a wide cast of characters from Nintendo. Some of them were featured from third-party games. It has been incredibly successful and has garnered a large competitive electronic sports community.

"Super Smash Bros." was first released in 1999 for the Nintendo 64. The game later got four sequels: "Super Smash Bros. Melee" for the Nintendo GameCube in 2001, "Super Smash Bros. Brawl" for the Wii in 2008, "Super Smash Bros. for Nintendo 3DS and Wii U" for the Nintendo 3DS and Wii U in 2014, and "Super Smash Bros. Ultimate" for Nintendo Switch in 2018.

One of the options in the series uses typical health points, as in most fighting games, but the standard option in most entries is that each fighter in "Super Smash Bros." has a percent value. Each fighter starts at 0 percent. When a fighter is hit, they take damage by raising this percent value. The higher that the percent value is, the easier it will be to knock them off the map. The goal of the game is to knock your opponent off of the stage a certain amount of times. Each game in the series has a wide variety of playable stages, characters and game modes. At the beginning of the game, players are limited to a smaller cast of characters to choose from, but can unlock the rest of the characters by completing certain tasks, achievements or just after playing for long enough. The characters have different abilities and attacks, but are used by pushing the same buttons—A is for normal attacks, and B is for special abilities or attacks (such as hitting harder or shooting things). These buttons can be used be used in combination with tilting the analog stick in different directions to use different variations of these abilities or different attacks entirely. Normal attacks used with a quickly flicked analog stick can be used to pull off a smash attack (a powerful attack, usually used for launching your opponent off the stage). The controller triggers can be used to shield, which blocks damage from opponents for a few seconds, until it breaks. Players can also use the controller triggers to grab opponents and throw them. A combination of different attacks and abilities can be used to pull off a combo, where the player traps the opponent in a combination of attacks for high damage. There are many complex techniques and tier lists created by the competitive community of the Super Smash Bros. series.

In some game modes, players can use randomly appearing items to help them damage or KO their opponent. Some of these items include bombs, peaches, baseball bats, assist trophies (which temporarily produces an AI character that attacks opponents), and Smash Balls (which allows the player to unleash a powerful Final Smash attack). Players can choose stages to play on. Most of the stages are based on places in other Nintendo games, such as "Mario", "Donkey Kong", "The Legend of Zelda" and "EarthBound", but others (such as the Final Destination stage) are from "Super Smash Bros." In later games, player also have the choice to choose out of 3 different stage versions for every stage. These include the default stage, an Omega version (which turns off items, removes obstacles and makes the stage perfectly flat, so that the stage mimics the Final Destination stage) and a Battlefield version (which turns off items, makes the stage perfectly flat but adds three static platforms above it, so that the stage mimics the Battlefield stage). This feature has been added due to the popularity of using no items on a relatively empty stage in competitive tournaments of the games.

The Smash Bros. series has many characters from many different video games. Most of these are from Nintendo games. Starting with Super Smash Bros. Brawl, characters that were not from Nintendo games were added, such as Solid Snake and Sonic the Hedgehog.

There are many stages in Super Smash Bros. Many characters have stages and some stages aren't tied to a character at all.

John Heartfield

John Heartfield (June 19, 1891 in Berlin – April 26, 1968 in Berlin) is the English version of the name of the German photomontage artist Helmut Herzfeld. He started to call himself "Heartfield" in 1916, to criticize the rabid nationalism and anti-British sentiment in Germany during World War I.

In 1918, Heartfield began at the Berlin Dada scene, and the Communist Party of Germany. He was thrown out of the Reichswehr film service because he supported the strike after the assassination of Karl Liebknecht and Rosa Luxemburg. With George Grosz, he founded "Die Pleite", a satirical magazine. Heartfield started to work for two communist publications: the daily Die Rote Fahne ("The Red Flag")and the weekly Arbeiter-Illustrierte-Zeitung (AIZ)("Workers' Illustrated Newspaper"). AIZ published Heartfield's most famous work

In 1933, after the National Socialists came to power in Germany, Heartfield moved to Czechoslovakia, where he continued his photomontage work for the "AIZ" (which was published in exile); in 1938, the Nazis were preparing to invade Czechoslovakia, so he moved to England, and lived in Hampstead, London. After World War II he settled in East Germany, after 1954 he lived in East Berlin and worked closely with theatre directors such as Benno Besson and Wolfgang Langhoff at Berliner Ensemble and Deutsches Theater.

In 2005, Tate Britain held an exhibition of his photomontage pieces.

His photomontages satirising Adolf Hitler and the Nazis often used Nazi symbols such as the swastika to change their propaganda message.

One of his more famous pieces, made in 1935 entitled "Hurrah, die Butter ist Alle!" () was published on the frontpage of the "AIZ" in 1935. The photomontage shows a family at a kitchen table, where a nearby portrait of Hitler hangs and the wallpaper is covered with swastikas. The family — mother, father, old woman, young man, baby, and dog — are trying to eat pieces of metal, such as chains, bicycle handlebars, and rifles. Below, the title is written in large letters, in addition to a quote by Hermann Goering during food shortage. Translated, the quote reads: ""Iron has always made a nation strong, butter and lard have only made the people fat"". The picture makes fun of a speech Goering made, the quote is shortened to "Guns before butter"

"Hurrah, die Butter ist Alle!" served as the inspiration behind the song "Metal Postcard (Mittageisen)" by Siouxsie & the Banshees; the song was re-recorded in German and released as a single with Heartfield's work as the cover art.

The Heartfield piece "The Hand has 5 Fingers" with its original text: ""5 fingers make a hand! With these 5 grab the enemy!"", was referenced by alternative metal band System of a Down. A text printed on the back of the album "System of a Down" reads: ""The hand has five fingers, capable and powerful, with the ability to destroy as well as create"".




Solenoid

A solenoid is a 3 dimensional structure of wire. When this wire is wrapped around a metallic block in a coil and electricity is passed through it, it has some special magnetic properties. Electromagnetic induction makes it an electromagnet that can be switched on or off. The side in which the current appears to be passing clockwise, is the South Pole, and the side in which the current seems to be passing anticlockwise is the Northern Pole. The solenoid works just like a bar magnet, and therefore has many uses. 

This principle is used to create valves, among other things. Where the solenoid operates an electric switch, it is a relay. 

Pinball machines, vehicles and traditional door bells use solenoids.

Kyffhäuserkreis

Kyffhäuserkreis is a rural district in the northern part of Thuringia, Germany.

In the 12th century there was a castle on the Kyffhäuser mountains, which was built during the reign of emperor Frederick I. According to the local legend, the emperor did not die, but instead went to sleep in this castle.

From 1579 on the region belonged to Saxony, but after 1815 it was divided between the Prussian Province of Saxony and Schwarzburg-Sondershausen.

In 1952 the two districts of Artern and Sondershausen were set up by the East German government. These districts were merged in 1994, with only a few municipalities joining other districts.

The district has a partnership with the district Ahrweiler in Rhineland-Palatinate, which was actually established with the district Artern in 1990.

The district is named after the "Kyffhäuser" mountains. The main river is the Unstrut, which flows through the east of the district.


Nordhausen (district)

Nordhausen is the northernmeost "Landkreis" (rural district) of Thuringia, Germany.

The district was created in 1815, when the Prussian province Saxony was created. There were many changes to the boundaries up to 1952, when some municipalities were brought into the district and others left.


Saale-Holzland

Saale-Holzland-Kreis is a "landkreis" (rural district, or county) in the east of Thuringia, Germany.

The district was set up in 1994 by joining the old districts of Eisenberg, Jena and Stadtroda. When the district of Stadt rod) was first set up in 1922 it already covered nearly the area of the current district. In 1952 the East German government abolished the federal states ("Bundesländer"), and also split the district into the three parts, which were put together again in 1994.


Saale-Orla

Saale-Orla is a "Landkreis" (rural district) in the east of Thuringia, Germany.

The district was created in 1994 by joining the old districts of Lobenstein, Pößneck and Schleiz.


Saalfeld-Rudolstadt

Saalfeld-Rudolstadt is a "Landkreis" (district) in the south of Thuringia, Germany.

The district dates back to the "Landratsamt" Saalfeld, which was created in 1868, and in 1922 it was converted into the "Landkreis". Also in 1922 the district Rudolstadt was created. Both districts were merged in the local government changes of 1994.


Schmalkalden-Meiningen

Schmalkalden-Meiningen is a "Landkreis" (rural district) in the west of Thuringia, Germany.

The district was created in 1994 by joining the old districts of Schmalkalden, Meiningen and part of Suhl-Land.

The district has a partnership with the Vogelsbergkreis in Hesse, as well as with the Komitat Pest in Hungary.


Sömmerda (district)

Sömmerda is a "Landkreis" (rural district) in the north of Thuringia, Germany. 

The district Sömmerda was created in 1952. In 1994 the districts of Thuringia were reorganized, and the district Sömmerda was made a lot bigger by adding municipalities from the old districts Artern and Erfurt-Land.


Ahnapee, Wisconsin

Ahnapee is a town in Kewaunee County, Wisconsin, United States. There were 977 people living in Ahanpee as of the 2000 Census. The town has an area of 31.2 square miles, says the United States Census Bureau.

Electronvolt

The electron-volt or electron volt, symbol eV, is used to measure energy. It is defined as the amount of energy an electron gains after being accelerated by 1 volt of electricity. Joules are used often for energy measurement, but it is sometimes useful to use electron-volts for very small amounts of energy, such as that carried by a single subatomic particle. To convert joules into electron-volts, divide joules by the charge of an electron, which is about 1.602 coulomb.

E.g. 5 J = 5/1.602 5 J = 3.121 eV.

The electronvolt is often used in atomic, nuclear and particle physics. For example, the energy of photons can be measured by the voltage necessary to overcome their photoelectric effect.


Meltingen

Meltingen is a municipality in the district Thierstein in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.

Messen

Messen is a municipality in the district Bucheggberg, in the canton of Solothurn, Switzerland. On 1 January 2010, the former municipalities of Balm bei Messen, Brunnenthal, Messen and Oberramsern merged to form the municipality of Messen.


Metzerlen-Mariastein

Metzerlen-Mariastein is a municipality in the district Dorneck in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland. 


Mühledorf

Mühledorf can be one of two municipalities in Switzerland:


Mühledorf, Solothurn

Mühledorf was a municipality in the Bucheggberg district in the canton of Solothurn, Switzerland. On 1 January 2014, the former municipalities of Mühledorf, Aetingen, Aetigkofen, Bibern, Brügglen, Gossliwil, Hessigkofen, Küttigkofen, Kyburg-Buchegg and Tscheppach merged into the new municipality of Buchegg.


Kolding

Kolding is a Danish seaport found at the head of Kolding Fjord in Region Syddanmark ("Region of Southern Denmark"). Kolding is a transportation, commercial, and manufacturing centre, and has many industrial companies.

With a population of 86,000 inhabitants, Kolding is the seventh largest in Denmark.

In the Battle of Kolding on December 25, 1658, the alliance of Polish and Danish forces under hetman Stefan Czarniecki defeated the Swedish forces of Charles X Gustav of Sweden.

A battle between German and Danish troops in the town on April 23 1849 during the First War of Schleswig.

On November 3, 2004, N. P. Johnsen's Fireworksfactory in Seest exploded. One firefighter died, 85 people were injured, and around 2000 people were evacuated during this accident in Kolding.


The following cities are sisters of Kolding:


Drammen

Drammen is a city and municipality in the county of Buskerud, Norway. It has a population of 101 000 people. 

Drammen was established as a municipality January 1, 1838 (see formannskapsdistrikt). The rural municipality of Skoger was merged with Drammen January 1, 1964. (And then transferred from the county of Vestfold to the county of Buskerud.)

Drammen is one of the larger cities in Norway, and is about 47 km from the capital of Norway, Oslo. The city centre is at the end of a valley, on both sides of the river Drammenselva, and where the river meets the Drammensfjord. Drammen is also the main city for car and fruit import in Norway.

The Norse form of the name was "Drafn", and this was originally the name of the inner part of Drammensfjord. The fjord is, however, probably named after the river Dramselva (Norse "Dröfn").

<mapframe latitude="59.243415" longitude="10.239258" zoom="2" width="200" height="100" align="right">
</mapframe>The city centre lies at the end of a valley, on both sides of the Drammenselva river, and where the river meets the Drammensfjord. Drammen is also the main harbor for car and fruit import in Norway. The forests around Drammen are called Drammensmarka. In the summer it is a popular area for hiking. In the winter skiing tracks are made and lighting make it cross country skiing possible during the evenings. 





Sonneberg (district)

Sonneberg is a "Landkreis" (rural district) in the south of Thuringia, Germany.

The district was created in 1868 when districts were created in Saxe-Meiningen. In 1952 part of the district was incorporated into the newly created district Neuhaus am Rennweg. This district was dissolved again in 1994 and the district Sonneberg did regain its old size.


Unstrut-Hainich

Unstrut-Hainich is a "Landkreis" (district) in the north of Thuringia, Germany.

The district was set up on July 1, 1994 by joining the two previous districts of Mühlhausen and Bad Langensalza.

The district has a partnership with the Wetteraukreis in Hesse dating back to the German reunification of 1990. The district also has a partnership with the Lithuanian districts of Ukmerge and Raseiniai.

The district is named after the river Unstrut and a hill chain, the Hainich. The Hainich became the 13th national park of Germany in 1997.


Cecil

Cecil can mean:

Places in the United States of America:

Cecil can also be these people:
Cecil is a prototype-based programming language.

Wartburgkreis

Wartburgkreis is a "Landkreis" (rural district) in the west of Thuringia, Germany. The city of Eisenach is nearly completely surrounded by Wartburgbreis.

The district was set up in 1994 by joining the old districts of Eisenach and Bad Salzungen, and a few municipalities from the district Bad Langensalza. The city of Eisenach left the district in 1998 and became a district-free city.

The district is named after the Wartburg, a castle near Eisenach most famous as Martin Luther's refuge in 1521.


Weimarer Land

Weimarer Land is a "Landkreis" (rural district) in the east of Thuringia, Germany. The district-free city of Weimar is completely enclosed by the district.

The district dates back to the "Großkreis Weimar", which was created in 1922 after the federal state Thuringia was established. The two cities Weimar and Apolda were not part of the district. In 1952 the district was split into two parts - Weimar and Apolda. In 1994 the two parts were merged again, however not completely covering the territory as before 1952.


Congress of Arras

The Congress of Arras was a meeting in Arras in 1435, between representatives of England, France, and Burgundy. The Treaty of Arras (1435) was an important diplomatic win for France, late in the Hundred Years' War. The English expected only to talk peace with the French. However, Philip the Good, duke of Burgundy made peace with Charles VII of France. This hurt England because Philip the Good had helped them for 16 years. Richard the Lionheart refused to accept any documents of proposals after the signing.

Appanage

Appanage is important to the history of France during the Middle Ages. The law said that when a king dies, his oldest son becomes the next king. Kings who wanted to give a younger son some land too sometimes created an appanage. Appanage was one way to keep a civil war from happening, if two or more sons wanted to fight each other to be the next king.

The younger son controlled the appanage as a duke and ruled almost like a king, except he could not sell the land. The ruler of an appanage could give it to his sons and grandsons, but eventually that part of the family would run out of sons and the land would go back to the king. 

Scripps Ranch, San Diego, California

Scripps Ranch is a suburb of San Diego, California. It is home to the EW Scripps mansion.

New Statesman

The New Statesman is a British left-wing political magazine that is published weekly in London. 

The "New Statesman" was founded in 1913 with the support of George Bernard Shaw and other prominent members of the Fabian Society. 

In 1930 the "Statesman" merged with the Liberal weekly the " Nation", and changed its name to the "New Statesman and Nation", which it remained until 1964. The chairman of the "Nation"'s board was the economist John Maynard Keynes, who came to be an important influence on the paper.

During the 1930s, the "Statesman" moved to the left politically. It became strongly anti-fascist and was generally critical of the government policy of appeasement of Mussolini and Hitler. 


Left-wing politics

Left-wing politics is a kind of politics that supports social equality and egalitarianism. 

What a person means by left-wing depends on where the person lives. In Western Europe, Canada, Australia and New Zealand, left-wing politics is often associated with social democracy and democratic socialism.






Bourgeoisie

Bourgeoisie means a social class of people who own the means of production, making them in the upper or merchant class. Hence, all employers are bourgeoisie. Their status or power comes from employment, education, assets, or wealth and not from aristocratic (political) origin, as a lowly café or factory owner is bourgeoisie. 
The term is widely used in many non-English speaking countries as an approximate equivalent of middle class. 

As the bourgeoisie are not its opposing counterpart proletariat, they don't have to be a labourer doing menial work for money. And if they do any work that gets them money, then it's only because of the many proletariat people beneath them, who generated their wealth through their labour, of which the higher up bourgeoisie person took a cut (commission). 
Bourgeoisie is a French word that was borrowed directly into English in the sense that is explained above. 
The French word "bourgeois" comes from the Old French word "burgeis", meaning "an inhabitant of a town". (cf. Middle English "burgeis", Middle Dutch "burgher" and German "Bürger"). The Old French word "burgeis" comes from "bourg", meaning a market town or medieval village, itself derived from Late Latin "burgus", meaning "fortress"



César Awards

The César Awards are the best-known movie awards in France. The "Académie des Arts et Techniques du Cinema" has given this award every year since 1975.



Status

Status is a state, condition or situation. In common usage it may refer to:


Social status

In sociology or anthropology, social status is the honor or rank of one's position in society. People earn social status by their own work. This is call "achieved status". Or, people can have a place in a social system by birth. This inherited position is called "ascribed status".



Bergstraße

Bergstraße or Bergstrasse can mean many things, including:


Bergstraße (district)

Bergstraße (German: "Landkreis Bergstraße", Hessian: "Londgrääs Bergschdrooß") is a rural district in south Hesse, Germany.

The district was created in 1938. Two old districts, Bensheim and Heppenheim, joined and became Bergstraße.

The district is in the Odenwald mountains. Melibokus as the highest elevation at 517 meters. The "Bergstraße" is a tourist route which from Darmstadt to Wiesloch. The northern part of this route goes through the district and gave it its name.


Treaty of Arras

The treaties of Arras can be one of two treaties:

Social class

In sociology, Social class refers to the hierarchical distinctions between individuals or groups in societies or cultures.

There are various ways to divide classes. The "working class" do hard work for others. Where money is used, they are paid for it, but they seldom have much money. Where money is used little, as in feudalism, or not at all, as in the Inca Empire there are still classes.

Historians usually see two other groups - people who are rich or have a lot of influence, called the "upper class", and all the remaining people who are in between, called the "middle class".

Not all societies have social classes. Scientists have found no proof for hierarchical power structures during the Stone Age.

In societies where classes exist, one's class is determined largely by:

In the United Kingdom there are upper class, middle class, working class and underclass people.




Mümliswil-Ramiswil

Mümliswil-Ramiswil is a municipality in the district Thal in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.


Nennigkofen

Nennigkofen was a municipality in the district Bucheggberg, in the canton of Solothurn, Switzerland. On 1 January 2013, the former municipalities of Lüsslingen and Nennigkofen merged to form the new municipality of Lüsslingen-Nennigkofen.

Neuendorf, Switzerland

Neuendorf is a municipality in the district Gäu in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.


Niederbuchsiten

Niederbuchsiten is a municipality in the district Gäu in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.


Barahona Province

Barahona is a Dominican province. It is in the southwestern part of the country. Its capital city is Santa Cruz de Barahona.

It was created as a "Maritime District", an old category given to some regions along the coast, on 12 September 1881. The Dominican Constitution of 1907 changed the Maritime Districts to provinces.

The province takes the name from its capital city, Santa Cruz de Barahona. Barahona is a Spanish last name, and it seems that a Spanish colonist with that name lived in the area.

