Barahona is bordered to the northwest by the province of Baoruco, to the northeast by Azua, to the west by the Independencia province. The Pedernales province is to the southwest and south of Barahona and the Caribbean Sea is to the east.

The province was part of the old Azua. It was created as a Maritime District on 12 September 1881 with the municipalities of Santa Cruz de Barahona, Cabral, Duvergé, Enriquillo and Neiba. Its category was changed to province by the Dominican Constitution of 1907.

Two new provinces were created from the original province of Barahona. The Baoruco Province was created in 1943 and then the Pedernales Province in 1957.

Cabral and Enriquillo are municipalities of the province since 1907; later, other municipalities were created: Paraíso in 1974; Vicente Noble in 1978; Las Salinas and Polo in 2001; El Peñón in 2002; Fundación in 2003; and La Ciénaga and Jaquimeyes in 2004.

The municipal districts of the province were created in:

In (last national census), there were people living in the Barahona province, and 156,513 () living in towns and cities. The population density was persons/km².

Its population represents of the total population of the country and the province is ranked as the 14th (out of 31 plus the National District) more populated province.

, the total estimated propulation of the province is 188,820 inhabitants.

The largest city of the province is Santa Cruz de Barahona, its head municipality or capital, with a population (in 2010) of 62,054 inhabitants.

The Barahona province has a total area of . It has 3.6% of the area of the Dominican Republic and it is ranked as the 12th (out of 31 plus the National District) largest province. The altitude of Santa Cruz de Barahona, provincial capital, is .

There are two important regions in the province: the valley of the Yaque del Sur river, in the north of the province, and the "Sierra de Bahoruco" ("Bahoruco mountain range"). Because the Sierra de Bahoruco gets to the coast, most of the population lives on the coast or near the river Yaque del Sur; the only town in the mountains is Polo.

The eastern part of Sierra de Neiba is in the northwest of the province and the Sierra Martín García is the limit with the Azua Province, in the northeast.

The valley of the river Yaque del Sur is an important farming centre in the southwest because people here uses the water of the river to grow different crops, mainly plantain and sugar cane. The Rincón lake is in this valley; fishing is an important activity in this lake.
The Sierra de Bahoruco is in the rest of the province (south, center and west); the part of the Sierra de Bahoruco that is in the province of Barahona is called "Bahoruco Oriental" (Eastern Bahoruco) because it is different from the rest of the mountain range. While pines are common in the Sierra de Bahoruco, they are not common in Eastern Bahoruco where there are rainforests because those mountains, and the province, have the Caribbean Sea to the east and winds bring a lot of water that falls on the mountains.

The highest mountain in Eastern Bahoruco is Pie de Palo (1,603 m). Other high mountains are Trocha de Pey (1,476 m), La Torre (1,455 m) and Loma Remigio (1,287 m).

The most important river of the province is Yaque del Sur. Other rivers are Nizaíto (23 km long) and Bahoruco (14 km). The river San Rafael is only 3 km long but many persons go there during summer to enjoy its cool waters and part of its water is taken to the city of Barahona.

The climate of the province is a tropical climate, very hot and dry in the valley, but it is cooler on the mountains. In the valley, cacti and other plants of dry regions are common. Rainforests are common in the mountains of the province because it rains a lot in the Bahoruco Oriental.

There are three important roads in the province, and they get to the border with Haiti. One of them goes through the province from north to south and gets to Pedernales after crossing the Sierra de Bahoruco by the coast.

The other two roads get to Jimaní; they go around the Lake Enriquillo, one by the northern side and the other by the southern side of the lake.

There are 11 municipalities and 11 municipal districts (M.D.) in the province. The municipalities and its municipal districts (M.D.) are:

The main economic activity of the province is agriculture; the main products are coffee in the mountains and plantain and sugar cane in the valley of the river Yaque del Sur.

Other important economic activities are industry (sugar and textiles) in Santa Cruz de Barahona and fishing along the Caribbean coast.


Black bread mold

Black bread mold ("Rhizopus stolonifer") is a common type of fungus. 

It grows and reproduces the same way that most molds do. In asexual reproduction, the mold makes spores inside a "sporangium". When the spores are ready to leave and spread more mold, the sporangium breaks open and lets the spores float out. 

In sexual reproduction its hyphae touch the hyphae of another "Rhizopus" mycelium. When they fuse, they make round balls called "zygospores". After some time, the zygospore makes another sporangium, which then makes spores. During this sexual process, genetic recombination takes place, as with all eukaryotes.

When the spores land on a suitable place, they begin to grow. They very quickly start making "hyphae", small tendrils that look like roots. Hyphae are part of the mycelium. The mycelium is the main part of the mold, and grows inside the bread. Black bread mold grows fast when the temperature is higher than 15 degrees Celsius and lower than 20C.

Black bread mold is found in all countries of the world. It is often found growing on bread and on soft fruits such as bananas and grapes. Because the mold spores are airborne, the mold can spread easily.



Dentistry

Dentistry is a specialty in medicine, which is practiced by a dentist. Dentists find out what's wrong, fix, and help prevent problems with teeth. A dentist has other people that help him with their job. Dental hygienists help people keep their teeth clean. A dental assistant helps the dentist when they are treating a patient. Dental surgeons will perform surgery to fix large or dangerous problems with people's teeth. There are also dentists called orthodontists, who can move people's teeth using braces. Dental surgeons and orthodontists are called specialists.



Toyota Tundra

The Toyota Tundra is a full-size pickup truck. It is sold by Toyota in the United States, Turkey, and Canada. The Tundra was first sold in 2000. The truck is bigger than the Toyota Tacoma. There are four different versions of the Tundra. These are the original, "base", version and the "SR5", "Grade", and "CrewMax" versions. The Tundra is made in San Antonio, Texas. The design of the truck was changed in 2007 and 2021. The Tundra was a replacement for the Toyota T100 pickup, a bigger version of the Toyota Hi-Lux.

Toyota Celica

The Toyota Celica was a sports car made by Toyota. Toyota stopped selling the Celica in 2005 due to low sales and it was replaced by the Scion tC. The first Celicas were made in 1970.

Toyota 4Runner

The Toyota 4Runner is a sport utility vehicle made by Toyota. Toyota makes the 4Runner in Tahara, Japan as well as the Hino factory. The 4Runner was first sold in 1984 as a camper version of the Toyota Hi-Lux, sharing the same parts and engines. The 4Runner got a bigger V6 engine in 1988. Toyota has redesigned the 4Runner in many years of its life. The 4Runner was sold as a 2-door model alongside the 4-door until 1992. The 4Runner's competition comes from the Nissan Pathfinder, Jeep Grand Cherokee, and Chevrolet Blazer. The 4Runner was a compact SUV until 1996.

Rhythmic gymnastics

Rhythmic gymnastics (short: RG) is a type of gymnastics. Rhythmic gymnasts perform on a floor with an apparatus, accompanied by music, in individual or group events. Gymnasts manipulate one or two apparatus: rope, hoop, ball, clubs, and ribbon. Rhythmic gymnastics is a sport that combines elements of gymnastics, dance, and apparatus manipulation. The victor is the participant who earns the most points, determined by a panel of judges, for leaps, balances, pirouettes, flexibility, apparatus handling, execution, and artistic effect.

Rhythmic gymnastics developed from other sports. It is influenced by group gymnastics, classical ballet, German apparatus work, and the Swedish free exercise method.

International competitions are split between juniors, under sixteen by their year of birth; and seniors, for women sixteen and over again by their year of birth. The largest events in the sport are the Olympic Games, World Championships, and World Cups.

Rhythmic gymnastics was officially recognized by FIG in 1963. The first time rhythmic gymnastics was in the Olympics was in 1984 in Los Angeles. That year, a Canadian gymnast called Lori Fung won the individual competition. In 1996, rhythmic gymnastics group competitions were added to the Olympics.

The length of the rope depends on how tall the gymnast using it is. They swing the rope, throw and catch the rope, make figure-eights, and more. They also leap and jump through the rope while they are holding it.

The hoop is made of wood. Gymnasts toss it and catch it, spin it, swing it, and roll it in many different ways.

Balls used in rhythmic gymnastics are made with rubber or soft plastic. Gymnasts throw balls and catch them, bounce and roll them, balance the ball on their hand, and do waves and circles.

The clubs are another piece of equipment that rhythmic gymnasts use. The clubs look similar to bowling pins or bottles. They are made of wood or plastic. Gymnasts use the clubs to do circles, throws, swings, plus tapping.

The group routine is a little bit different. It’s not a piece of equipment; it’s just a different kind of routine. In the group event, five rhythmic gymnasts will do a routine together. The gymnasts have to work together to make the routine work. In a group routine, gymnasts will exchange whatever equipment they are using with each other.



Wealth

Wealth often means that much money is available. But there are several other aspects that can be more important. If one thinks of single persons one will look at their personal property or assets like land and livestock. Looking at countries one thinks of GDP per capita and of natural capital. 

The original meaning of the old English word for "weal", where wealth comes from, was "well-being" or welfare. (It was an adjective.)


Qualification

The term qualification may mean:

Professional certification

Professional certification, trade certification, or professional designation, often called simply "certification" or "qualification", is a certification a person gets to assure that he/she is qualified to perform a job or task.

Certifications are very common in aviation, construction, technology and other industrial sectors, as well as health care and finance.


Darmstadt (region)

Darmstadt (German: "Regierungsbezirk Darmstadt", Hessian: "Regierungsbezirk Damstadt") is one of the three Regierungsbezirk of Hesse, Germany. It is in the south of the state.


Nebula

A nebula is an interstellar cloud of dust, hydrogen, helium and other ionized gases in a galaxy.

The Persian astronomer, Abd al-Rahman al-Sufi, mentioned a true nebula for the first time in his book, "Book of Fixed Stars" (964). He said that there was a "little cloud" near the Andromeda galaxy.

A nebula is usually made up of hydrogen gas and plasma. It may be the first stage of a star's cycle, but it may also be one of the last stages.

Many nebulae or stars form from the gravitational collapse of gas in the interstellar medium or ISM. As the material contracts, massive stars may form in the center, and their ultraviolet radiation ionises the surrounding gas, making it visible at optical wavelengths.

The size of these nebulae, known as H II regions, varies depending on the size of the original cloud of gas. These are sites where star formation occurs. The formed stars are sometimes known as a young, loose cluster.

Some nebulae are formed as the result of supernova explosions, the death throes of massive, short-lived stars. The materials thrown off from the supernova explosion are ionized by the energy and the compact object that it can produce. One of the best examples of this is the Crab nebula, in Taurus. The supernova event was recorded in the year 1054 and is labelled SN 1054. The compact object that was created after the explosion lies in the center of the Crab Nebula and is a neutron star.

Other nebulae may form as planetary nebulae. This is the final stage of a low-mass star's life, like Earth's Sun. Stars with a mass up to 8-10 solar masses evolve into red giants and slowly lose their outer layers during pulsations in their atmospheres. When a star has lost enough material, its temperature increases and the ultraviolet radiation it emits can ionize the surrounding nebula that it has thrown off. The nebula is 97% Hydrogen and 3% Helium with trace materials.

In the past galaxies and star clusters were also called 'nebulae', but no longer. Nebulae can be sorted by what they look like and why we can see them.

Large regions of ionised hydrogen gas are produced by star-forming regions. Nebulae are often star-forming regions, such as in the Orion complex. In these regions gravitation pulls together gas and dust. Material clumps together to form larger masses, which attract further matter. Eventually this become massive enough to form stars. The material left over may form planets and other planetary system objects.
Emission nebulae make their own light. They are often called H II regions, because it is the ionized hydrogen which makes them glow. Usually the gases in an emission nebula are ionized. This makes them emit light and infra-red radiation.

Reflection nebulae reflect light from nearby stars.

Dark nebulae do not emit light or reflect light. They block the light from stars that are far away.

Planetary nebulae are quite common, because they are produced by red giant stars late in their lives. These stars usually become white dwarfs, leaving behind an expanding ball of ionized gas, which we see as a roughly circular bright nebula.

A supernova occurs when a high-mass star reaches the end of its life. When nuclear fusion in the core of the star stops, the star collapses and explodes . The expanding shell of gas forms a supernova remnant. The Crab nebula is a supernova remnant which probably exploded in 1054 AD. Light and X-ray emission from supernova remnants comes from ionized gas. There is a huge amount of radio emission called synchrotron emission. This emission originates from high-velocity electrons oscillating in magnetic fields.


Database schema

In computer science a "schema" or database schema describes the structure of a database in a formal language that is supported by the database management system. Using the database schema, it is possible to create a blueprint of the database. This blueprint will not contain any data. The database schema uses logical formulas to create integrity constraints. It is not possible to insert data into the database that violates these integrity constraints. All contraints use the same language. 

There are different kinds of database schemas:

Ideally, a database schema should have the following properties:

Ernst Haeckel

Ernst Heinrich Philipp August Haeckel (16 February 1834 – 9 August 1919) was an influential German zoologist, naturalist, and artist. He was also a philosopher and physician, but in those fields he is not regarded as particularly notable. He was an atheist. He left the Lutheran church in 1910. He is regarded as a pioneer of eugenics and Nazi eugenics in Germany.
Haekel was professor of comparative anatomy at the University of Jena, where he worked for 47 years, from 1862 to 1909. Haekel discovered, described and named thousands of new species, mapped a tree of life relating all life forms. He coined many terms in biology, including "ecology", "phylum", "phylogeny", "stem cell", and the kingdom "Protista." Haeckel promoted and popularised Charles Darwin's work in Germany and developed the controversial recapitulation theory ("ontogeny recapitulates phylogeny"). This claimed that an individual organism's biological development, or ontogeny, parallels and summarises its species' evolutionary development.

The published artwork of Haeckel includes over 100 detailed, multi-colour illustrations of animals and sea creatures. As a philosopher, Ernst Haeckel wrote "Die Welträtsel" (1895–1899, "The Riddle of the Universe", 1901), and "Freedom in Science and Teaching" to support teaching evolution.

Haeckel was a member of the nationalist and antisemitic Pan-German League (German: "Altdeutscher Verband") and of the peace organization Verband für internationale Verständigung.

Haekel wrote many books, some of them in multi-volumes. Among the most notable are:



Lunar eclipse

A lunar eclipse is an astronomical phenomenon. It happens when the moon passes through the shadow of the Earth.. when the shadow of earth falls on to the moon is called full moon phase... Lunar eclipses happen about twice a year, unlike total solar eclipses that are sometimes more than a year apart. They can be seen from a much larger portion of the Earth compared to solar eclipses. Lunar eclipses can last for a few hours, but total solar eclipses last only a few minutes. 

During a lunar eclipse, the Moon looks red-brown. It may be thought that the Moon is completely black because of the Earth's shadow, but no. The reddish-brown colour is because some of the Sun's light bends through the Earth's atmosphere and shines on the Moon. Refraction is greater for red light rays than for others, so red is what strikes the Moon.

Like solar eclipses, there are different types of lunar eclipses. There are total eclipses, where the moon passes completely through Earth's shadow and all of the moon appears reddish-brown. A partial eclipse occurs when only part of the moon passes through Earth's shadow and so only part of the moon appears reddish.

Lunar eclipses are safe to view with your naked eyes and also with telescopes.

Although it is safe to see the lunar eclipse with your naked eyes one should never see a solar eclipse with the naked eyes as the rays damage the retina of the eye.

Max Weber

Maximilian Carl Emil Weber (pronounced: maks ˈveːbɐ) (21 April 1864 – 14 June 1920) was a German political economist and sociologist who was considered one of the founders of the modern study of sociology and public administration. 
He began his career at the University of Berlin, and later worked at Freiburg University, University of Heidelberg, University of Vienna and University of Munich. He had influence on German politics of his time, because he was an advisor to Germany's negotiators at the Treaty of Versailles and to the commission that drafted the Weimar Constitution.

Weber is known for his work in the sociology of religion. His most famous work is his essay "The Protestant Ethic and the Spirit of Capitalism".

He disagreed with Karl Marx's view that class structure was the way to view how society worked. He believed that human values affected how people acted throughout history.




Weimar Constitution

The Constitution of the German Reich (German: "Die Verfassung des Deutschen Reiches"), usually known as the Weimar Constitution ("Weimarer Verfassung") was the constitution that governed the Weimar Republic (1919-1933). The constitution technically remained in effect during the Third Reich from 1933 to 1945.

The German state's official name was "Deutsches Reich" until the adoption of the 1949 constitution. 

Following the end of World War I, a German National Assembly gathered in the town of Weimar, in the state of Thuringia, in January 1919 to write a constitution for the "Reich". The nation was to be a democratic federal republic, governed by a president and parliament.

The constitution was drafted by the lawyer and liberal politician "Hugo Preuss", who was then state secretary in the Ministry of the Interior and later became Minister of the Interior.


Guitar Hero III Mobile

Guitar Hero III Mobile is a music video game for mobile phones. It was made by MachineWorks Northwest LLC and sold by Hands-On Mobile. It is the newest game in the "Guitar Hero" series, and was released on December 20, 2007, in North America for people using Verizon Wireless.

"Guitar Hero III Mobile" was programmed by Robinson Technologies (shortened to RTSoft), with help from MachineWorks Northwest LLC. The graphics for the game were made by Anthem Game Group.

Playing "Guitar Hero III Mobile" is similar to playing other games in the "Guitar Hero" series. "Mobile" uses 3 frets instead of 5. Each column of numbered keys on a phone's keypad is a fret. The numbered keys used are "1", "4", and "7" for green notes, "2", "5", and "8" for red notes, and "3", "6", and "9" for yellow notes. Once the note(s) reach the bottom, the player must play the note(s) by pressing or holding down the number key(s) in order to score points. Players can turn on Star Power to get more points by the "*" (star) button on the keypad or the "OK" button in the center of the directional pad.

"Guitar Hero III Mobile" has 15 songs to play from "Guitar Hero II" and "". Every month, more songs can be downloaded.


Avicenna

Ibn Sina (Persian: ابن سینا; 980 – June 1037 CE), commonly known in the West as Avicenna, was a Persian Muslim polymath and the most important doctor and Islamic philosopher of his time.

He wrote about 450 works on a wide range of subjects, and about 240 have survived, including 150 on philosophy and 40 on medicine.

His most famous works are "The Book of Healing" – a philosophical and scientific encyclopedia, and "The Canon of Medicine" – a medical encyclopedia.

He is also known as Pour Sina (), which means "Son of Sina" in English. His full name in Arabic is (). In English, he is usually called "Avicenna" (), his Latinized name. Among his followers, he was/is known as al-Sheikh al-Ra'is.

Avicenna was born near Bukhara, which at the time was ruled by Samanid dynasty. His father was a government official and his home served as a meeting place for men of learning. Avicenna had educated teachers while growing up. By age 14, he had mastered many subjects and had already memorized the Quran. From the age of 14 to 18, he taught himself because he could not find a tutor to provide more information than he already knew. He began to practice and learn about medicine at 16. He also learned about law and natural sciences. He was good at all subjects but decided medicine was easier for him than mathematics or metaphysics. Sometime before he turned 18 years old, he cured a Samanid emir. Because of his he was allowed into the royal libraries of the Samanid dynasty. By the age of 18, he had become a master of the most important works of science in his time. Also, his reputation as a doctor had grown. At 20, he was regarded as one of the wisest people of his time.

Besides philosophy and medicine, Avicenna's works includes writings on astronomy, alchemy, geography and geology, psychology, Islamic theology, logic, mathematics, physics and poetry.

From 1015 to 1022, Avicenna was a high official and doctor to the ruler of Hamedan in western Iran. After the ruler of Hamedan died Avicenna was put in prison. He was released four months later when Hamadan was captured by Alā al-Dawla, the ruler of Isfahan. Alā al-Dawla only captured Hamadan for a short period of time. Avicenna escaped, disguised as a dervish, to Isfahan to work for Alā al-Dawla as a doctor. In 1030, the Ghaznavids attacked Isfahan and some of Avicenna's work was lost and possibly stolen. He died during an attack on the city of Hamedan.



Hafiz (Qur'an)

Hafith or Hafiz (Arabic: حافظ قرآن or حافظ, plural "huffaz"), literally meaning 'guardian', is a term used by Muslims for people who have learnt completely the Qur'an by heart. 

The Islamic prophet Muhammad lived in the 7th century CE, in Arabia. In those times, many people were not literate. The Arabs preserved their histories, genealogies, and poetry by memory alone. When Muhammad proclaimed the verses later collected as the Qur'an, his followers naturally learnt the words by heart.



Alina Kabayeva

Alina Kabaeva (, born May 12, 1983, Tashkent, Uzbek SSR) is a Russian former-rhythmic gymnast. She started competing since she was 12, and stopped when she was 24. She won several medals at World Championships, two Olympic medals (one bronze, one gold) and she came up with some of the flexibility-required moves in the sport. She was trained by Irina Viner. Now she works for State Duma.

Kabayeva is rumored to be Russian President Vladimir Putin's girlfriend.

Seikan Tunnel

The means of transportation from Hokkaido to Honshu was the Seikan ship until Seikan tunnel was completed. It took about 3 hours. However, it had some troubles. For example, the sea route was not safe. The Toyamaru accident in 1954 had 1155 dead and some missing people, caused by Typhoon Number 15 Roke. because of that reason, the plan that constructing Seikan Tunnel from Hokkaido to Honshu was becoming a reality. At first, the east route and west route was considered. In the west route, the deepest depth of water was 140 meters and the nature of the soil was easy to drill rocks, so west route was then chosen.

The tunnel can be entered by the Shinkansen (bullet train). The inner structure of the tunnel was planned to have three bullet train's rails. Because half of this tunnel is under the bottom of the sea, the workers who built this tunnel were worried about seawater. So, they used new construction techniques. For example, laser measurement, 2150m horizontal drilling, pouring water glass and cement into soft bedrock. These techniques were paid attention to by all of the world at that time. There is still much water, so the seawater that is collected is placed in the tunnel and is pumped out of the tunnel.

There are two stations in Seikan tunnel. Tappikaitei Station opened in Aza-Minmayatatsuhama, Sotogahama-machi, Higashitsugaru-gun, Aomori on March 13, 1988. And Yoshiokakaitei Station opened in Tatesaki, Fukushima-cho, Matsumae-gun, Hokkaido on March 13, 1988. If passengers have a special ticket, they can get off the train at the stations to look around. These are located in 149.5 meters under the seabed and there are 2247 steps of stairs to the surface. Also, these stations have shelters for train fires and blackouts. Tappikaitei Station and Yoshiokakaitei Station became the service stop each on November 10, 2013 and August 27, 2013. However, these stations were closed on March 15, 2014, because the number of passengers who used these stations, was not a lot.


Punch Brothers

Punch Brothers is an American bluegrass band. Its members include Chris Thile (mandolin), Gabe Witcher (fiddle), Chris Eldridge (guitar), Greg Garrison (bass), and Noam Pikelny (banjo). They have made one album, "Punch", which was released on February 26, 2008 on Nonesuch Records.


Mike Marshall

Mike Marshall (born 1957) is an American mandolinist. Over the years, he has worked with artists such as Chris Thile and David Grisman.


Edgar Meyer

Edgar Meyer is an American Grammy Award-winning double bassist. Over the years, he has worked with classical and bluegrass artists such as Joshua Bell, Yo-Yo Ma, Béla Fleck, Sam Bush, James Taylor, Jerry Douglas, Mike Marshall, Mark O'Connor, Alison Krauss, the members of Nickel Creek, and Mary Chapin Carpenter.


Jerry Douglas

Jerry Douglas (born May 28, 1956) is an American Grammy Award-winning dobro player. He was born in Warren, Ohio. Over the years, he has worked with musicians including Ray Charles, Peter Rowan, Béla Fleck, Emmylou Harris, Phish, Chris Thile, Dolly Parton, Paul Simon, Ricky Skaggs, Bill Frisell, John Fogerty, Nanci Griffith, Tony Rice, and James Taylor.


2-1-1

2-1-1 is a special telephone number in the United States and Canada. It was made to be easy to remember. Calling the number lets people get information quickly about health organizations. It can also be called in an emergency.

New York Telephone (now part of Verizon) used the 2-1-1 number for many years. It was an automatic, meaning it worked by itself, number for phone numbers that were dialed wrongly. 2-1-1 was used this way from the 1970s through the early 2000s. 

The city of Atlanta started a new way of using 2-1-1 in 1997. This new way of using it was similar to how it is used now. After Atlanta, many other cities and states started to use it as a special number to call in an emergency. 5-1-1 is also used for this.


3-1-1

3-1-1 is a special telephone number used for non-emergency call to municipal services. It is used in several cities in Canada and the United States. 3-1-1 was created to receive many of the calls which commonly were made to 9-1-1 which were common questions and not emergencies. 

3-1-1 is available in several major American cities, including: Akron, Albuquerque, Austin, Baltimore, Charlotte, Chattanooga, Chicago, Columbus, Dallas, Denver, Detroit, Hartford, Houston, Kansas City, Las Vegas, Little Rock, Los Angeles, Miami, Milwaukee, Minneapolis, Mobile, Nashville, New York City, Rochester, Orlando, Pittsburgh, San Antonio, San Francisco, San Jose, Somerville, and Washington, D.C..

The service is available in the following communities (with starting date):


Other Canadian municipalities are expected to use 3-1-1 in the near future. These include Edmonton, Winnipeg and Toronto.

Oleander

Oleander, "Nerium oleander", is a poisonous shrub. It is commonly used in gardens because of its pink colored flowers. "Nerium oleander" is native to northern Africa, the eastern Mediterranean basin and southeast Asia. Oleander prefers dry, warm climates and may naturalize in such areas. Recently, scientific studies on cardenolide oleandrin show that it may be used to prevent mutagenesis.

Aon Center (Chicago)

Aon Center is a skyscraper in Chicago, United States. It is 346 meters (1,136 feet) tall and has 83 floors. It was built in 1973 and is one of the tallest buildings in the world and the third tallest in Chicago.

At first it was named the Standard Oil Building, but when the name of the company changed in 1985 it became the Amoco Building. The building was sold and became the Aon Center in 1999.



Aon Center

The Aon Center is the name of two buildings.


875 North Michigan Avenue

875 North Michigan Avenue is a skyscraper in Chicago, United States. It was formerly known as the John Hancock Center. It is 344 meters (1,127 feet) tall and has 100 floors, including an observation deck on the 94th floor (1,000 ft). It was built in 1969 and is one of the tallest buildings in the world.

On February 12, 2018, John Hancock Insurance requested that its name and logos throughout the building's interior be removed immediately; John Hancock had not had a naming-rights deal with the skyscraper's owners since 2013. Until a new naming-rights deal is finalized, the skyscraper will be known as "875 North Michigan Avenue".

From the 95th-floor restaurant, diners can look out at Chicago and Lake Michigan. It has an observatory floor known as 360 Chicago. 360 Chicago is home to TILT, a moving platform that leans visitors over the edge of the skyscraper to a 30-degree angle. It also has a full bar, and Chicago's only open-air Sky Walk, and also has free interactive high-definition touchscreens in six languages. 

The 44th-floor sky lobby features the highest indoor swimming pool in the United States.

On its 44th floor, the building has a grocery store accessible only to apartment residents and office tenants.



Franklin Center (Chicago)

Franklin Center is a skyscraper in Chicago, United States. It is 307 meters (1,007 feet) tall and has 60 floors. It was built in 1989 and is one of the tallest buildings in the world



Two Prudential Plaza

Two Prudential Plaza is a skyscraper in Chicago, United States. It is 303 meters (995 feet) tall and has 64 floors. It was built in 1990 and is one of the tallest buildings in the world.



Noam Pikelny

Noam Pikelny is a United States banjo player and singer-songwriter, famous as a member of Leftover Salmon and Punch Brothers. Pikelny lives in Brooklyn, New York.


Gabe Witcher

Gabe Witcher is a United States fiddle player and singer-songwriter, famous as a member of Punch Brothers. Witcher has also toured with artists such as Jerry Douglas.


311 South Wacker Drive

311 South Wacker Drive is a skyscraper in Chicago, Illinois. It is 293 meters (961 feet) tall and has 65 floors. It was built in 1990 and is one of the tallest buildings in the world.



900 North Michigan

900 North Michigan is a skyscraper in Chicago, United States. It is 265 meters (871 feet) tall and has 66 floors. It was built in 1989 and is one of the tallest buildings in the world



Bryan Sutton

Bryan Sutton is a United States guitarist. He also plays many other instruments including mandolin, banjo, and electric guitar. He has performed or recorded with artists such as Ricky Skaggs, Dixie Chicks, Jerry Douglas, Sam Bush, Béla Fleck, Hot Rize, Chris Thile, and Tony Rice.

Water Tower Place

Water Tower Place is a skyscraper in Chicago, United States. It is 262 meters (859 feet) tall and has 74 floors. It was built in 1976 and is one of the tallest buildings in the world.



Chase Tower

Chase Tower is the name of two buildings.


Park Tower

Park Tower is a skyscraper in Chicago, United States. It is 257 meters (844 feet) tall and has 67 floors. It was built in 2000 and is one of the tallest buildings in the world



Toltec

Toltec is used by historians in different ways. It is either used to refer to certain people that lived in what is Mexico today, before Christopher Columbus came there. Some scholars also use the word to refer to the people that later developed into the Aztec civilisation. These people are only known from Aztec stories. It is not known if they actually formed one people or not. 

Muhammad ibn Jarir al-Tabari

Abi Ja'far Muhammad ibn Jarir al-Tabari (838-923 أبي جعفر محمد بن جرير الطبري) was one of the earliest, most important and famous Persian historians and explainers of the Qur'an, most famous for his "Tarikh al-Tabari" ("History of the Prophets and Kings") and "Tafsir al-Tabari".

Tabari (Persian: طبری), Abu Jafar Muhammad ibn Jarir at-Tabari, His name means "father of Jafar, named after the Prophet Muhammad, son of Jarir, from the province of Tabaristan".

He was born in Amol, Tabaristan, some twenty kilometres south of the Caspian Sea, in the winter of 838-9. He was precocious. He left home to study in A.H. 236 (850-1) when he was twelve. He retained close ties to his home town. He did return at least twice, the last time in A.H. 290 (903) when his outspokenness caused some uneasiness and led to his quick departure.




Tabari

Tabari might mean:


Basilica

A basilica is a large, important church. The word can also be used for an Ancient Roman building that was used for law and meetings. The word "basilica" is Latin which was taken from the Greek "Basiliké Stoà".

Nowadays the word is used in three ways:

A Roman basilica was a large hall built for meetings, business and law. A Roman basilica usually had the doors at the long sides of the building. At each end was a semi-circular part where the judges sat. The building usually had two rows of columns, which made a high central part and a lower aisle on either side. The light came in from windows above the columns. As the Roman Empire spread, every city had a basilica.

Early in the 4th century (312 AD), the Roman Emperor Constantine made Christianity the legal religion of the Roman Empire. The Christians who had been worshipping secretly in private houses now wanted to build churches. They did not want the churches to look the same as Roman Temples. They built them to look more like Roman Basilicas. A basilica was a good plan for a Christian church because lots of people could fit inside, and the aisles were useful for people to move around. The semi-circular part at one end, the "apse", was just right to put the altar. Christian basilicas usually have the door at one end, rather than at the side. In front of the door there was often a courtyard called an "atrium". Most of these atriums have gone, but churches often have a town square or a market place in front of them.

Some of the oldest Early Christian basilicas were four that were begun in Rome by the Emperor Constantine. Three of them are still standing, but they have had many changes in the last 1,700 years. These are the basilicas of "Santa Maria Maggiore", "St. John Lateran" and "St. Paul's outside the Walls". The fourth basilica was "'Old St. Peter's" which was replaced in the 16th and 17th centuries by the present St. Peter's Basilica. Other Early Christian Basilicas were built in Greece and the Holy Land.

Some basilicas are called "Ancient Basilicas". These have been called basilicas since Early Christian or Medieval times. It is their traditional name. Ancient Basilicas include "the Church of the Holy Sepulchre" in Jerusalem, "the Basilica of San Vitale" in Ravenna and "the Basilica of San Lorenzo" in Rome. The four other "ancient basilicas" of Rome are called the "Major Basilicas". Each "Major Basilica" has a throne for the pope and an altar that is specially for the pope to celebrate mass. No-one else can use that altar without the pope's permission. All the other basilicas are called "Minor Basilicas".

Nowadays, for a church to be called a "Minor Basilica", it has to be given some special privileges or rights by the pope in a document called a "Papal Brief". When a church has been made a basilica, the clergy then carry some special symbols when they are in procession. In 2008 there were more than 1,600 basilicas in the world.

 
Many churches are given the name "basilica" to show that they are special in some way. There are very few ancient basilicas that were built on ground associated with Jesus. They are thought of as some of the holiest Christian sites in the world. These include "the Basilica of the Annunciation" in Nazareth, "the Basilica of All Nations" where Jesus prayed on the Mount of Olives and "the Basilica of the Holy Sepulchre" in Jerusalem. "The Basilica of the Holy Sepulchre" is very unusual because the church is shared by the Catholic and Orthodox Churches.

Other ancient basilicas are places where a saint was martyred (put to death). One of these is "the Basilica of Saint Stephen", the first Christian Martyr, which is also in Jerusalem. There are many ancient basilicas which were built on the place where a saint was buried. In Rome there are many basilicas like this, because Rome was a very big city, with many Christian people. The Emperors thought Christianity was dangerous to them, because Christians put the rules of Jesus before the law of the Emperor. Many Christians were martyred. When Christianity became legal, churches were built over the graves of martyrs. These churches often became known as basilicas, because they were in the shape of a Roman basilica. Basilicas built over tombs of martyrs include "Sant'Agnese outside the Walls", "San Lorenzo outside the Walls", and "St. Paul's outside the Walls". The words "outside the walls" mean that the burial place of the saint was outside the walls of the city.

Some basilicas are famous because they have "relics" (or bones or perhaps a body part) of a saint. It could also be the case that the relics were reinterred from the original place. If a church housed the body of an important saint, then many people would come on pilgrimage and would dedicate themselves to prayer and the use of the sacraments. Basilicas that have bodies include "St. Mark's", Venice, "St. Nicholas of Bari", also in Italy, and "the Basilica of St. Mary Magdalene" in Vezelay, France. Not all relics are bodies. Basilicas may also hold a famous object like a piece of the True Cross, or the belt worn by the Virgin Mary. People often ask whether all these precious relics are authentic. The Roman Catholic Church does not get into arguments about trying to prove whether the pieces of the Cross, the body parts and other things are real. Sometimes the relic is known to be real. Sometimes there is no way to prove it, either way.

Other basilicas are churches that were built by a famous saint, were used by a famous saint, or were built to honour the saint, who did not die as a martyr but lived a very holy life. Two of the most famous basilicas of this sort are "the Basilica of St. Francis of Assisi" and "the Basilica of St. Anthony of Padua". Many thousands of pilgrims go to these churches every day to remember two saints who were gentle, humble and taught people to live better lives.

Some basilicas are built because a miracle or special sign took place. The sign might be a vision and might give a plan to build. "The Basilica of Lourdes" in France is built at the place where Bernadette Soubirous had a vision of the Virgin Mary. It is an important pilgrimage place. Sometimes the sign is not so strange as a vision. In the Philippines, "the Basilica del Santo Niño" was built at the place where a partly burnt box was found in 1565. It contained a little statue of the Christ Child and had been left behind by some Spanish or Portuguese explorers many years earlier. "Santo Niño" means "Holy Child" in Spanish.

The four great Basilicas of Rome, as well as having a seat and an altar for the pope, have a "Holy Door" which is only opened for special occasions such as a Jubilee Year.




Middle-earth locations

This article is about the fictional from J. R. R. Tolkien's Middle-earth universe. It includes major regions of the world, geographical features such as rivers, mountains and mountain ranges. The article also included selection of various notable places which were created by Tolkien and used as setting in his many books. 



Arnor was a human realm in Eriador. It was founded by Elendil and his people, who survived the Fall of Númenor near the end of the Second Age. The peoples living in Arnor were the descendants of the Númenorean survivors, and the indigenous human peoples who had lived there before. The capital of Arnor was the city Annúminas. It was on the shores of Lake Evendim in northern Eriador. Elendil was the first King of Arnor. After his death, his older son Isildur became king.

After the death of Eärendur, the tenth king, in T.A. 861, his three sons split Arnor into three new lands. Each land a country ruled by one of the sons. These countries were: Arthedain in the west, Cardolan in the south, and Rhudaur in the north. Over time, all three of countries were destroyed in wars against the northern land Angmar. After the War of the Ring, the land again became part of the Reunited Kingdom of Arnor and Gondor. It as ruled by King Elessar Telcontar and his descendants.

Bree-land is a small region in Eriador, It surrounded the Breehill. The region has four villages. They are : Bree , Archet, Combe and Staddle. The peoples living in the villages of Bree-land are humans and hobbits; This is the only place where these two people live together. The only other place where hobbits live is the Shire. Bree is at the meeting point of two large roads, the Great East Road and the North-South Road. It is an important center of trade and travel.

The Lonely Mountain (Sindarin: "Erebor)" is a mountain in the northeast of Rhovanion. When the dwarves had to leave their ancient home Khazad-dûm, it became the new home of Durin's folk. They were led by Thráin I, who became "King under the Mountain". Later Erebor was attacked by the dragon Smaug, and the dwarves had to flee again. In the story told in "The Hobbit", the dragon Smaug is killed and the dwarves again return to the Lonely Mountain. Dáin II Ironfoot becomes new King under the Mountain.

Esgaroth is a town in the northeast of Rhovanion. It is also known as Lake-town It is built at the Long Lake. the town is south of the Lonely Mountain and east of Mirkwood. It was destroyed by the dragon Smaug during the events of "The Hobbit" but was rebuilt.

Fangorn or Fangorn Forest is a large forest on the eastern side of the southern end of the Misty Mountains. Fangorn is the home of the Ents. They are a people of giant tree-like beings. The Sindarin word "Fangorn" translates to "Beardtree", Fangoen is also the Sindarin name of the Ent Treebeard.

Gondor is a human realm in southeastern Middle-earth. It was founded by the brothers Isildur and Anárion and their people, who had survived the Fall of Númenor near the end of the Second Age. During the Third Age, Gondor included the lands beween the sea in the south, the Mountains of Shadow in the east, and the White Mountains in the north. In earlier times, The lands of Gondor reached farther north. The city Osgiliath was the capital of Gondor. It was built over the river Anduin. Isildur also founded the city Minas Ithil. His brother Anárion founded the city Minas Anor west of the Anduin on the mountain Mindolluin.

Gondor has several regions. Ithilien is in the east, It is between the river Anduin in the west and the Mountains of Shadow in the east. Anórien was a small land north of the White Mountains. It is between the river Anduin in the east and Rohan in the west. Calenardhon is the land north of the White Mountains. It became Rohan in the 26th century T.A. Enedwaith was northwest of the White Mountains. This region was mostly abandoned in the later part of the Third Age. Between the coast and the White Mountains were several smaller regions. Near the seashore in the south were the regions Anfalas, Belfalas, Dor-en-Ernil, Lebennin, and Lossarnach. Along the Mountains in the north were the Morthond Vale, Lamedon, and the Ringló Vale. Southeast of the Anduin was the region South Gondor.

After the "War of the Last Alliance of Elves and Men" against Sauron, Isildur left to rule the northern kingdom Arnor. The son of Anárion stayed to rule Gondor. During a civil war In the 15th century, the city Osgiliath was destroyed. Minas Anor became the new capital. The Ringwraiths captured Minas Ithil during the rule of King Eärnur. They changed the name of the city to Minas Morgul. Minas Anor was renamed Minas Tirith ("Tower of Guard"). Both cities were always at war. Much of the fighting took place near the old capital of Osgiliath. During the War of the Ring, Sauron won control of Western Osgiliath. This made it possible for his forces to attack Minas Tirith. The Orcs attacked the city but were stopped by the Rohirrim. This let the defenders to charge the enemy. The Battle of the Pelennor Fields was won by the Men of Gondor and Rohan.

The last King, Eärnur, disappeared in 2050 T.A. After this, Gondor was ruled by the "Stewards of Gondor" instead of a king until the end of the Third Age. After the War of the Ring, the land became part of the Reunited Kingdom of Arnor and Gondor. It was ruled by King Elessar Telcontar and his descendants.

The Great East Road is an ancient road which was made by the dwarves. The road ran from western area of the region Beleriand, over the Ered Luin mountain range, through the Shire, to the Misty Mountains, and to the dwarven lands in the east.

Helm's Deep is a deep valley on the north side of the western part of the White Mountains. It is south to the Gap of Rohan. The valley was blocked by a series of hills called Helm's Dike. Helm's Deep is the location of the fortress, Hornburg. The entrance to the Glittering Caves is at the end of the valley.

Isengard is a fortress at the southern end of the Misty Mountains. It is in a small valley inside a ring-shaped wall. The wall is called, the Ring of Isengard. In the fortress is a tall black tower, Orthanc. Isengard belonged to Gondor but in the 28th century it was given to Saruman. The fortress has a palantír. A palantir is ball made of indestructible crystal that is used for communicating with other places. In the War of the Ring, ring-wall was destroyed by the Ents. After the War, the tower Orthanc was given back to King Elessar and the Reunited Kingdom.

Khazad-dûm was the ancient home of the Dwarves under the Misty Mountains. It was a large underground city. It also has a system of mines under it. The city was the only place in Middle-earth where the precious metal "mithril" could be found. This made the dwarves very rich. Khazad-dûm was founded by Durin the Deathless early in the First Age. 

In the Third Age, the dwarves woke a Balrog deep in the mines of Khazad-dûm. The Balrog killed King Durin VI and many Dwarves. The dwarves that were not killed were forced to leave Khazad-dûm and find other places to life. Khazad-dûm got a new name, Moria. In Sindarin. Moria means "dark pit".

Lothlórien was an elven realm. It was between the Misty Mountains and the Anduin. The realm was on the land between the rivers Anduin and Silverlode. It was close to the dwarven realm Khazad-dûm. Lothlórien was founded in the Second Age. Amdír was the first King of Lothlórien. The elves of Lothlórien fought in the War of the Last Alliance of Elves and Men against Sauron. In the war, Amdír was killed. His son Amroth became king after him. Amroth later left Lothlórien. After he left, the realm was ruled by Lord Celeborn and Lady Galadriel until the end of the Third Age. Caras Galadhon was the main city of Lothlórien. Other names of Lothlórien are the shortened name Lórien, and the names Laurelindórenan, Dwimordene (Rohirric), or The Golden Wood.

Mordor (Sindarin: "Black Land" and Quenya: "Land of Shadow") is a land in the southeastern part of Middle-earth. It is east of the Anduin. Mordor was the land of Sauron in the Second and Third Ages. Mordor is surrounded by mountain ranges. The Ered Lithui (Sindarin: "Mountains of Ash") is a range of mountains to the north of Mordor. The Ephel Dúath (Sindarin: Mountains of Shadow) is west of it, Another mountain range in the south. In the northwest is the plateau named Gorgoroth. Sauron's main fortress, Barad-dûr, is at the base of the Ered Lithui mountains. The volcano Mount Doom is south west of Barad-dûr. Many parts of Mordor are a wasteland. The southern part of Mordor, around the Sea of Núrnen was more fertile. It was used as farmland to feed the armies of Sauron.

Mirkwood is a large forest in Rhovanion. The forest was originally known as Greenwood the Great (Sindarin: "Eryn Galen"). 

In the Second Age, an Elven people settled in the Greenwood. They created the Woodland Realm. The capital of the realm was on the hill Amon Lanc. After the Second Age, the Elves went to live farther north. In the 11th century T.A., Sauron chose to live in the hill-fortress of Dol Guldur on Amon Lanc. It was in the south of the forest. His evil influence darkened the woods. It had less of an effect towards the north of the forest. After this, the Greenwood became known as "Mirkwood". After the War of the Ring, evil effects of Sauron's influence were removed from the forest. It known as Eryn Lasgalen (Sindarin: "Wood of Greenleaves").

The North-South Road is a long road running from the realm of Arnor in the north to Gondor in the south. The road begins in the city Fornost Erain, the capital of Arthedain. It crossesthe Great East Road at Bree, and runs to the southern end of the Misty Mountains. There, the road turned east, towards the cities of Minas Tirith and Osgiliath in Gondor. The road ended at Minas Ithil. A part of the road south of Bree is also known as the Greenway.

Rivendell (Sindarin: Imladris, Westron: "Karningul") was an elven city in eastern Eriador. It was founded in the Second Age by Elrond. He ruled it until the end of the Third Age.

Rohan or the Riddermark (or The Mark) was a human realm in southeastern Middle-earth. It was north of Gondor. Rohan was north of the White Mountains, southeast of Isengard and southwest of the Emyn Muil. It began as a part of Gondor named Calenardhon. The capital of Rohan is Edoras. The king's hall, Meduseld, is at Edoras.

A plague in 1636 T.A. and the later wars, caused Calenardhon to be mostly empty. Very few people lived there. In 2509 T.A. the Rohirrim came south from the north, to help Gondor fight against an invasion of Men from the north-east and Orcs from Mordor. The Rohirrim helped Gondor win the "Battle of the Field of Celebrant" and the war. Steward Cirion of Gondor gave the land Calenardhon to the Rohirrim. The King of the Rohirrim, Eorl the Young, swore the "Oath of Eorl." He said that Rohan would come and help Gondor if it needed help in war. Afterwards, the people of the Rohirrim moved into their new land. They changed the name to the "Riddermark" or just "The Mark". Gondor called the land "Rohan" (Sindarin: "Land of the Horse-lords").

The Shire is a land in Eriador. It is settled by hobbits. Its name in Westron was Sûza "Shire" or Sûzat "The Shire". Its name in Sindarin was i Drann. The Shire was settled by the hobbits in the 24th century T.A. It is divided into four "Farthings": the North-, West-, South- and Eastfarthing. The leaders of the Shire were "the Mayor" of Michel Delving, "the Thain" from Tuckborough and "the Master of Buckland".

Númenor was a huge star-shaped island west of Middle-earth in the Second Age. At the beginning of the Age it was given to the human peoples who had helped the elves in the wars against Morgoth. In the middle of the island was the mountain Meneltarma. It was a holy place for the Númenoreans. Númenor was divided into six regions. Each region was in one of each of the five "star-arm" and one in the middle. The outer regions were Forostar ("Northlands"), Andustar ("Westlands"), Hyarnustar ("Southwestlands"), Hyarrostar ("Southeastlands") and Orrostar ("Eastlands") The central region was Mittalmar ("Inlands"). In the eastern part of the central region was Arandor ("Kingsland"). the capital city Armenelos and the haven Rómenna. 

Their first king of Númenor was Elros Tar-Minyatur. He was the brother of Elrond. Númenor became the most powerful nation of Men. As time passed, many Númenoreans, including their kings, became power-hungry. They became enemies of the elves. Towards the end of the Second Age, Númenor was ruled by King Ar-Pharazôn the Golden. During that time, the island was destroyed and sank in the sea. Only a group of Númenoreans led by Elendil, the "Elendili" ("Elf-friends") or "the Faithful", were not destroyed with the island. They came to Middle-earth and founded the realms Arnor and Gondor. The "Akallabêth" is the story of Númenor's history and downfall.

Some of the many names of Númenor were "Westernesse", "Númenórë" (Quenya, the long form of "Númenor") and "Anadûnê" (Adûnaic), both meaning "West-land"; "Andor" (Quenya) and "Yôzâyan" (Adûnaic), which both mean "the Land of the Gift". Later it was also called "Atalantë" (Quenya) and "Akallabêth" (Adûnaic), both meaning "the Downfallen".



Parliamentary system

A parliamentary system of government means that the executive branch of government has the direct or indirect support of the parliament. 

Parliamentary systems often work where the head of government is the leader of the political party with the most members in the parliament.

This support is usually shown by a vote of confidence. A balanced relationship between the executive and the legislature in a parliamentary system is called responsible government.

The separation of powers between the executive and law making branches is not as obvious as it is in a presidential system. There are different ways of balancing power between the three branches which govern the country (the executive (or ministers), the law makers and the judges).

Parliamentary systems usually have a "head of government" and a "head of state". They change after their terms are over. The head of government is the prime minister, who has the real power. The head of state may be an elected president or, in the case of a constitutional monarchy, hereditary.

Examples of a few countries which practice parliamentary systems are India, Italy, Japan, Germany, and Latvia. Parliament is different in every country. 

Slavic

Slavic might mean:


Political asylum

Someone may ask for political asylum when they are frightened to live oppressed in their own country. They will then go to another country. If they are allowed to live in the new country this is called "political asylum".

People who seek asylum say they are victims of threats, physical harm or denigration of their human dignity as these are violating their human rights.

The political asylum is one of the human rights affirmed by Article 14 of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, and a rules of international human rights law. All countries who have agreed to the "United Nations Conventions Relating to the Status of Refugees" must let people, who do qualify, come into their country.

People who qualify for asylum are those who can show that they might be badly treated in their own country because of their:

People often confuse exiling an individual from his/her home country as a migration to a political asylum but that is not as it seems, migrating with one's own will due to personal reasons can be a political migration but not under the sentence of Government.
People who are given political asylum are called refugees. They are often confused with "economic refugees". Economic refugees are people who move from a poor country to a richer one so that they may work and make more money, often to send back to their families.


Neuendorf-Sachsenbande

Neuendorf-Sachsenbande is a municipality in Wilstermarsch, in the district of Steinburg, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany. The municipality has an area of . On 31 December 2006, 493 people lived there. The town has the lowest point in Germany, which is below sea level.

The town was made on April 15, 2003, when the municipalities of "Neuendorf bei Wilster", "Sachsenbande", and "Bredensee" were all joined together.

Giessen (region)

Gießen is one of the three Regierungsbezirke of Hesse, Germany. It is in the middle of the state.


Cecilia Cheung

Cecilia Cheung is a Hong Kong actress and C-pop singer. She is the ex-wife of Nicholas Tse and ex-daughter-in-law of Patrick Tse and Deborah Lee. She and Nicholas have two sons, Lucas and Quintus.

Cheung was born at Man Wah Sun Chuen in Yau Ma Tei, Kowloon, She is daughter to a Chinese father and a Chinese-British mother. Her parents divorced when she was just a child, after which she was sent to Australia to live with her aunt. Cheung has an elder half-sister, two younger brothers and a younger half-brother from her father's side of the family.

In 1998, while helping a hairstylist friend at a catwalk show, she was offered to appear in a TV advertisement advertising lemon tea. Later, Cheung made her movie debut as a young nightclub hostess in Stephen Chow's "King of Comedy" in 1999, followed soon after by "Fly Me to Polaris". Her role in "Fly Me to Polaris" got her the award for Best Newcomer at the Hong Kong Film Awards. In the same year, Cheung launched her singing career with her first C-pop album "Any Weather".

For Derek Yee's romance-drama "Lost in Time" (2003), Cheung won the Best Actress award at the Hong Kong Film Awards. She played a young woman who lost her fiancé in a traffic accident which left her as a grieving single mother struggling to make ends meet.

Cheung has been linked to Hong Kong singer-actor Edison Chen and has also dated another Hong Kong singer-actor Daniel Chan. She then dated Nicholas Tse in early 2002, but they split up late that year. Later she was rumored to have dated a younger Lu Siyuan before the relationship ended in 2003. Cheung suffered serious depression and eating disorder after the break up .

Cheung and Tse were first reported to be "getting back together" in early 2006 and on July 31 that year, Tse officially admitted dating Cheung in an interview with Commercial Radio Hong Kong 881/903. In September, the same year, Tse showed off his wedding ring at the Hong Kong International Airport, announcing he and Cheung had been married in a secret wedding ceremony in the Philippines.

On the 8 January 2007 episode of TVB's "Entertainment Scoop (東張西望)", Cheung was publicly confirmed by Nicholas' father, Patrick Tse to be approximately three months pregnant with the couple's first child. A March episode of "Entertainment Scoop (東張西望)" said that their child is due in August. It is confirmed by Nicholas Tse that she is expecting a baby boy.

On 2 August, it was reported that Cheung and Tse were both in the maternity ward waiting for their child to be born. However no specific photo was enclosed with such report. The very next day, Cecilia gave birth to a baby boy named Lucas.

In January and February 2008 many explicit photos were found online involving Cecilia Cheung and Edison Chen. The scandal also involved Gillian Chung and Bobo Giglioti.




Giessen (district)

Gießen () is a "Kreis" (district) in the middle of Hesse, Germany.


Marburg-Biedenkopf

Marburg-Biedenkopf is a "Landkreis" (district) in the west of Hesse, Germany.

The district was created in 1974 when the districts Marburg, Biedenkopf and the former urban district of Marburg were merged. The urban district is now a "town with special status" inside the district.

The district has partnerships with Huntingdonshire in the United Kingdom, the borough of Charlottenburg in Berlin, and the district of Kościerzyna in Poland.

The main river in the district is the Lahn.


Lahn-Dill-Kreis

Lahn-Dill is a "Kreis" (district) in the west of Hesse, Germany.
In 1977 the district Gießen was merged with the districts Wetzlar and Dillkreis to the new Lahn-Dill-Kreis. However this big district was not popular, so in 1979 Giessen was split from it.

The main rivers of the district are the Lahn and the Dill, which also gave it the name.


Vogelsbergkreis

The Vogelsbergkreis is a "Kreis" (district) in the middle of Hesse, Germany.

The district was created in 1972 by merging the former districts Alsfeld and Lauterbach.

The main feature of the district is the Vogelsberg, an extinct volcano, last active 7 million years ago.


5-1-1

5-1-1 is a special telephone number in the United States and some parts of Canada. It is made to be easy to remember. People can dial the number on a landline phone or on a mobile phone to get information about traffic and travel. 

In March 2001, there were more than three hundred phone numbers about traffic and travel. This was confusing to many people, because so many numbers existed, or were there, for the same thing. To fix this, the United States Department of Transportation (called the USDOT) asked the Federal Communications Commission (called the FCC) for a special N11 code. On July 21, 2000, the FCC made 5-1-1 the national telephone number for travel information.


6-1-1

6-1-1 is a special telephone number in the United States and Canada. It is the number to call for phone service customers when there is a problem with phones in an area, or when a payphone is not working properly. Many mobile phone service providers use 6-1-1 as a customer service number. 

The Federal Communications Commission did not officially decide that the 6-1-1 number should be used for this. They decided to let it stay because it had already been accepted, or chosen, by the North America Numbering Plan.

Fulda

Fulda () is a city in Hesse, Germany; it is on the Fulda River and is the administrative seat of the Fulda district ("Kreis").

The Benedictine monastery of Fulda was founded in 744 by Saint Sturm, a disciple of Saint Boniface, when Boniface was reorganising the church in Germany.

From its foundation, the abbey Fulda and its territory was subject only to the German emperor, not to the control of the local lords. Fulda was made a bishopric in 1752 and the prince-abbots were given the additional title of prince-bishop. The prince-abbots (and later prince-bishops) ruled Fulda and the surrounding region until the bishopric was forcibly dissolved by Napoleon in 1802.
From 1764 until 1789 Fulda had a porcelain factory. Because of its quality and rarity, it is much prized by collectors. The factory was begun under Prince-Bishop, Prince-Abbot Heinrich von Bibra and closed down shortly after his death by his successor, Prince-Bishop, Prince-Abbot Adalbert von Harstall.

Arround 1717-1804, People from Stift Fulda went to Hungary, and settled especially in the Komitat Baranya. This subgroup of the Danube Swabians are called Stifolder or Stiffoller,
There is also a street named the Stiffollerweg in Petersberg near Fulda

Abbots

Prince-Abbots





Fulda (district)

Fulda () is a "Kreis" (district) in the north-east of Hesse, Germany. 
The district was created in 1821, when the duchy of Stift Fulda became a province of Hesse, and was split into four districts. The last change to the district was in 1975, when the Hünfeld district was added to the district.

Arround 1717-1804, People from Stift Fulda went to Hungary, and settled especially in the Komitat Baranya. This subgroup of the Danube Swabians are called Stiffoller,
There is also a street named the Stiffollerweg in Petersberg near Fulda


Kassel (region)

Kassel is one of the three Regierungsbezirke of Hesse, Germany, in the north of the country. It was created in 1866 when Prussia took over the area to form the new province Hesse-Nassau. Altogether it consists of 138 municipalities.


Kassel (district)

Kassel is a "Landkreis" (Rural District) in the north of Hesse, Germany. The district-free city Kassel is nearly completely surrounded by the district.

1972 the previous districts of Kassel, Hofgeismar and Wolfhagen were joined to form the newly established district of Kassel.


Transvaal

The Transvaal (lit. "beyond the Vaal [pale river]") is the name of an area of northern South Africa. At the start, it made up a great part of the independent Boer South African Republic. Before the Anglo-Boer War of 1899-1902 it was the Transvaal Colony. It is one of the original provinces of the Union of South Africa from 1910 until 1994 with capital in Pretoria. The province no longer exists, and its territory now forms the provinces of Gauteng, Limpopo and Mpumalanga and part of the North West Province. Even though it no longer exists as an administrative unit, the Transvaal is still a commonly used geographical term and retains its historical meaning.

Kuril Islands

The Kuril Islands (; ; ), also called the , are a group of islands (archipelago) between Russia and Japan. The northern islands are a part of Russia and the southern islands are a part of Japan. Both countries say that they own four of the islands in the middle of the group. This disagreement is called the Kuril Islands dispute.

Japan is asking for return of Etorofu, Kunashiri, Shikotan and Habomai shoto. They say that these islands are being illegally held by Russia. Several political parties in Japan are asking for return of all Chishima Islands. Russia has said that it would return Shikotan and Habomai shoto in 1956 but Japan did not agree to this agreement because it meant the United States would keep the island of Okinawa.



Japan does not say these are a part of the Chishima Islands


Botnet

A Botnet (short for robot network) is a word which is sometimes used by computer scientists. Botnets are made up of many software agents. Each software agent is controlled remotely. Botnets are known for their ability to act as a unit.

Such networks are often used to send E-Mail Spam, but they can also be used to attack (and bring down) a computer through Denial of Service attacks, amongst others.

A Botnet can also be referred to as a group of hundreds, thousands, or even tens of thousands of zombie computers that are under the control of an attacker.

Baroque (band)

Baroque (written as baroque) is a Japanese visual kei rock band. Although all members of Baroque were men, they dressed up when they performed in concert. At their concerts, their received much criticism and so the band broke up.

Members<br>Ryo (Vocals)<br>Kei (Guitar)<br>Bansaku (Bass)<br>Akira(Guitar)

Luna Lovegood

Luna Lovegood is a fictional character in the Harry Potter books written by J. K. Rowling. She was sorted in the House of Ravenclaw and first appears in the movies and the books in Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix. 

Many people in the Harry Potter series think she is a strange girl. This has led to her having the nickname "Loony Lovegood", but she does not change herself. She is the daughter of Xenophilius Lovegood and Pandora Lovegood, and lives near the Weasley's house, in a black tower. She is also the cousin of Draco Malfoy through her father, who was disowned due to being a blood traitor. She was in her first year at Hogwarts School Of Witchcraft and Wizardry in Harry Potter's second year Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets and was in her fourth year when she first came into the series. In the movies, she was played by Evanna Lynch.

While Luna is not directly mentioned in this book, her existence is first alluded to at Stoatshead Hill where the Weasley family, minus Mrs. Weasley, along with Harry and Hermione meet Amos Diggory and his son Cedric to catch a Portkey to the Quidditch World Cup. The Lovegood family is mentioned when Amos asks Arthur if they are expecting more wizards to meet them at the Portkey. Arthur replies that the Fawcetts were unable to get tickets and the Lovegoods arrived a week earlier.

In Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix Harry first meets Luna (in her fourth year) on the Hogwarts Express train where is described as having straggly (messy), waist-length, dirty blonde hair and a distant dreamy, look. Harry thinks that she is odd because she was reading The Quibbler upside-down, and wearing a necklace made of butterbeer corks and radish earrings. When Harry first sees the Thestrals (black horse like creatures that can fly) pulling the carts, Luna tells him that she can see them too. Both Harry and Luna could see the Thestrals when most others could not because they had both seen death, and Thestrals can only be seen by someone who has witnessed death. 

Later, Luna tells Harry that she and her father believe him about the conspiracy involving Harry, and that they support him. When Harry forms Dumbledore's Army, Luna joins and gets better at defensive magic. When Gryffindor's Quidditch team played against Slytherin, Luna supported Gryffindor by making a life size lion hat that roared realistically. Later in the book, when Harry was going to contact Kreacher about the location of Sirius Black, Luna kept watch for him, telling everyone that there was a gas leak. When Professor Umbridge's Inquisitorial Squad (a group of students who were given power over other students to punish) found him, Luna was captured and held by a Slytherin. While being held, Harry saw her looking out the window, as if she was bored. After they had escaped, it was Luna's idea to travel to the Ministry of Magic by Thestrals. During the battle at the Department of Mysteries, Luna took an active part in the fighting, until she was hit by a Stunning spell that knock her briefly unconscious. After Sirius's death Harry noted that Luna was the only person that could truly comfort him about it, because, like Harry, Luna had also lost someone close to her, her mother.

Harry first meets Luna again on the Hogwarts Express when he sits with her in a compartment, with Neville Longbottom. When some admirers of Harry's say that he could sit with them, Harry declines, saying that Luna and Neville "are cool". Later in the year, near Christmas, Harry invited Luna to be his guest at Professor Slughorn's party; Harry noted that she looked pretty, she wore a "spangled silver dress", and while at the party, she talked to vampires and shared her off-beat beliefs. That send Harry into coughing with laughter.

Soon after the Party, Luna was the commentator at a Quidditch (which is a game played at Hogwarts) match, in which she went off on side topics by saying that the Hufflepuff Chaser, Zacharias Smith suffered from "Losers' Lurgy" and she also pointed out oddly shaped clouds, and often forgot players names. Although Professor McGonagall was annoyed, a lot of students found her commentary highly amusing. At the end of the year, Luna patrolled the corridors in search of Death Eaters.

Harry first meets Luna this time at Bill and Fleur's wedding, in which she and her father, Xenophilius Lovegood wore "egg yolk" yellow robes. Later, Luna was captured on the Hogwarts Express by Death Eaters because her father wrote the truth about Harry in The Quibbler. Harry assists Luna out of Malfoy Manor, where she had been taken hostage, and she comforted Mr. Ollivander (who had also been taken prisoner because Voldemort needed information from him), by sharing her beliefs. 

At Dobby's funeral, Luna gave a nice eulogy which calmed everyone, thanking Dobby for rescuing them all from Malfoy Manor. Later when Harry had to find Ravenclaw's lost diadem, Luna escorted him into the Ravenclaw common room, where she also stunned Alecto Carrow, a Death Eater. At the Battle of Hogwarts, she cast her Hare Patronus, which made several approaching Dementors leave, and she also fought Bellatrix Lestrange. After the Battle, Luna created a distraction, so that Harry could be alone.

J.K. Rowling said in an interview that Luna became a Magizoologist, the 'Wizard equivalent of a naturalist' and she married fellow naturalist Rolf Scamander. Somewhere in between 2008 and 2011 she had 2 twin sons named Lorcas and Lysander.

Michael Bloomberg

Michael Rubens Bloomberg (born February 14, 1942) is an American business magnate, politician and philanthropist. He was the 108th Mayor of New York City for three terms from 2002 to 2013, as both a Republican and an independent who purveyed socially liberal and fiscally moderate policies. He has a net worth of $53 billion. He is the ninth-richest person in the United States. He is the thirteenth-richest person in the world. He is the founder and 88% owner of Bloomberg L.P.. In November 2019, Bloomberg announced his presidential campaign for the Democratic nomination for President of the United States in 2020. He ended his campaign in March 2020 after losing many states on Super Tuesday.

Michael Bloomberg was born at St. Elizabeth's Hospital, in the Brighton neighborhood of Boston, on February 14, 1942. He is Jewish. His father, William Henry Bloomberg (1906–1963), was a real estate agent and the son of Alexander "Elick" Bloomberg, an immigrant from Russia. His mother, Charlotte Rubens Bloomberg (January 2, 1909 – June 19, 2011), was a native of Jersey City, New Jersey. His maternal grandfather, Max Rubens, was an immigrant from present-day Belarus, then also part of Russia.

Bloomberg received a Bachelor's degree in engineering from Johns Hopkins University in 1964. He received a Master of Business Administration degree from Harvard University in 1966.

Bloomberg began his career at Salomon Brothers before forming his company in 1981 and became its Chairman and CEO. He also served as chairman of the board of trustees at his alma mater Johns Hopkins University from 1996 to 2002.

He was a Democrat before running for office. He switched his party registration in 2001 to run for mayor as a Republican. He defeated opponent Mark Green in a close election held just weeks after the September 11 attacks. Bloomberg won a second term in 2005 and left the Republican Party two years later. He campaigned to change the city's term limits law and was elected to his third term in 2009 as an independent candidate on the Republican ballot line. He was criticized by many for his "Stop And Frisk" policy, which has been criticized for disproportionately affecting Black and Hispanic men in New York City, as most of those stopped (~90%) were not found to be guilty of any crime or wrongdoing.

He was often mentioned as a possible candidate for the U.S. presidential elections in 2008 and 2012, and for New York Governor in 2010. He declined to seek either office, instead wanting to continue serving as Mayor of New York. On January 1, 2014, Bill de Blasio succeeded him as Mayor of New York City.

Bloomberg is co-chair with Tom Steyer and Henry Paulson for a report called "Risky Business" by a coalition of top U.S. political and economic leaders from the political left, right, and center on the dire economic consequences from climate change (global warming), from lost property to ruined crops.

In 2015, there was speculation of Bloomberg possibly running for president in the 2016 U.S. presidential election. On January 10, 2016, Bloomberg showed interest in running as an Independent in the upcoming election. On March 7, 2016, Bloomberg said that he will not run for president lest it bring victory to Donald Trump or Ted Cruz.

Following the 2016 election, Bloomberg was seen as a possible candidate for the 2020 election. In October 2018, Bloomberg announced that he had changed his political party affiliation to Democratic. In March 2019, Bloomberg said that he would not run for president.

However, later that year on November 7, 2019, Bloomberg announced that he was taking steps to enter the 2020 presidential race, and said that he would make a formal announcement of his campaign soon. On November 21, he filed paperwork to enter the Democratic primaries. Three days later, Bloomberg launched his campaign and his official website.

Bloomberg's total spending in the primary has passed $500 million, making it the most money spent on a presidential primary campaign in American history.

On Super Tuesday, Bloomberg won the American Samoa caucus which brought his first and only victory in his campaign. He ended his campaign the next day on March 4, 2020 and announced his support of Joe Biden.

Bloomberg was married to Susan Brown from 1975 until they divorced in 1993. He is now in a domestic partnership with Diana Taylor since 2000. Bloomberg has two daughters with Brown.



Umpire

An umpire is someone who makes sure all of the rules are followed. Umpires are used mainly in sports like Baseball, tennis, and cricket.

The Umpire officiate the game. Their responsibilities include:

Linda Lingle

Linda Lingle (born Linda Cutter; June 4, 1953) is an American politician. She was the sixth Governor of Hawaii. She is a Republican.

Gackt

Gackt Camui ( 神威 楽斗 Kamui Gakuto ) is a Japanese musician, songwriter and actor. Usually referred to by his stage name Gackt, he is best known for his work with Malice Mizer and his following career as a solo artist. Besides Japanese language, he has performed in English, Korean, Cantonese and Mandarin.

Gackt was born in Okinawa, Japan on 4 July 1973. He is the second of three children, with an older sister and a younger brother. His father and mother were music teachers who played various instruments with his father primarily playing the trumpet. According to his autobiography, he was a mischievous child and enjoyed taking risks; at age seven he nearly drowned while swimming off the coast of Okinawa. After this near death experience, he claimed to have the ability to see and speak with the deceased, a notion which was dismissed by his parents. At the age of ten, Gackt was hospitalized with a gastrointestinal tract and had to remain at the hospital for a long time. He made the acquaintance of several terminally ill children, some of whom died during his stay.

Gackt's musical education began at age three, when his parents started his classical piano education, of which he grew tired four years later. It would take another four years until his parents allowed him to quit. Competition with a friend lead to Gackt taking back up the piano, and he was later encouraged to learn other various instruments, especially those used in a rock band, throughout the rest of his time in school.

In 1995, Gackt joined Malice Mizer as the group's vocalist, lyricist and pianist. Fan base and record sales grew substantially over the following years. Malice Mizer released two albums with Gackt ("Voyage ~Sans Retour~" and "Merveilles") along with seven singles. According to Gackt, when he began taking on more roles in the band, he was asked to leave the group. The other members of the band say that this is not true and that Gackt simply "disappeared" after waiting for him once their break was over.

Gackt began his solo career on 12 May 1999 with the release "Mizerable". Several albums, singles and videos have followed. He has also done voice acting and motion capturing. He co-wrote and co-starred in the 2003 movie "Moon Child", which also stars Hyde (vocalist of L'Arc~en~Ciel) and Wang Lee Hom (Taiwanese-American actor-singer). Also in 2003, Gackt published his autobiography titled "Jihaku" and for Caparison Guitars, he has designed two guitars, named "Marcury" and "Venus".

In 2007, Gackt played the warlord Uesugi Kenshin in the TV drama "Fūrinkazan" The single "Returner ~Yami no Shuuen~", was released on June 20, 2007. This was the first in his career (both solo and in a band) to reach the number one spot on the Japanese Oricon charts. Gackt was also the voice actor for Malthazar in the Japanese release of the film "Arthur and the Minimoys".

On 19 December, Gackt released an album titled "0079-0088" containing 8 tracks, which had either previously been used on the soundtracks of the "Mobile Suit Zeta Gundam" movies or were covers of earlier songs from the "Gundam" franchise. It was created as a tribute to the creator of "Gundam", Yoshiyuki Tomino, for his birthday.

On 25 May 2007, the formation of the supergroup Skin was announced, which also consists of Miyavi, Sugizo and Yoshiki. The group gave its debut performance at an Anime convention in Long Beach California on 29 June 2007.

GacktJob is Gackt's live support band. Its current lineup is as follows:

Former members:


Cebuano language

Cebuano (also referred to as Bisaya) is one of the main languages spoken in the Philippines. More than 28 million people speak this language. Cebuano is a member of the Visayan language family. 

While Tagalog has more speakers than any other language in the Philippines today, Cebuano was the most widely spoken language in the Philippines from the 1950s until the 1980s. Cebuano is by far the most widely spoken of the Visayan languages.

It is the most spoken language by many people in the Central Visayas, western parts of the Eastern Visayas, some western parts of Palawan and most parts of Mindanao. Cebuano is one of the three main Visayan languages, along with Waray and Hiligaynon, which are more closely related to it.

The name of the language comes from the Philippine island of Cebu, suffixed with the Spanish "-ano" (meaning nature, or a location). In other words, the language is more commonly called "Bisaya". However, this can cause confusion among non-native speakers, as there are many other languages called "Bisaya" even though they cannot be understood by people who speak what linguists call "Cebuano". In this sense, "Cebuano" applies to all speakers of the language who come from Cebu island, regardless of where they live now, as well as to the language they speak.

Some people do not like the term "Cebuano". For example, many Cebuano speakers in Leyte, Bohol, and Northern Mindanao (Dipolog, Dapitan, Misamis Occidental, and Misamis Oriental, as well as in coastal areas of Butuan) say that their ancestors were Cebuano speakers who were native to their area, not immigrants or settlers from the Visayas. Also, they want to call themselves as Bisaya and their language "Binisaya" rather than "Cebuano".

Cebuano has two numeral systems. The native system is mostly used for counting things, like animals or houses. The Spanish system is only used for money and time. It is also used for counting from 11 and up.


Unna

Unna is a town in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany. It is on an ancient salt-trading route, the Hellweg road.

Max Weber (disambiguation)

Max Weber may refer to:


Max Weber (politician)

Max Weber (August 2, 1897 – December 2, 1974) was a Swiss politician.

He was elected to the Swiss Federal Council on December 13, 1951 and handed over office on January 31, 1954. He was member of the Social Democratic Party. During his time in office he held the Department of Finance.


Max Weber (general)

"There is also a Max Weber, German political economist and sociologist."

Maximilian "Max" Emil Weber (27 August 1824 in Achern – 15 June 1901 in Brooklyn) was a military officer in the armies of Germany and later the United States, most known for serving as a brigadier general in the Union army during the American Civil War.


Oconto County, Wisconsin

Oconto County is a county in the U.S. state of Wisconsin. There were 38,965 people living in Oconto county as of the year 2020. The county seat is Oconto.

The county has an area of 1,149 square miles, says the United States Census Bureau.




Niedergösgen

Niedergösgen is a municipality in the district Gösgen in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.


Niederwil, Solothurn

Niederwil was a municipality in the district of Lebern in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland. In 2011, Niederwil merged into Riedholz.

Nunningen

Nunningen is a municipality in the district of Thierstein in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.

Oberbuchsiten

Oberbuchsiten is a municipality in the district of Gäu in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.


Oberdorf, Solothurn

Oberdorf is a municipality in the district of Lebern in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.

Obergerlafingen

Obergerlafingen is a municipality in the district Wasseramt in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.


Isengard (Norwegian band)

Isengard was the side project of Darkthrone's drummer and poet Fenriz.


Bunker (disambiguation)

A bunker is a defensive military building.

Bunker can also mean:

Media

Places:

People:

Tom DeLonge

Thomas Matthew DeLonge, Jr. (born December 13, 1975) is an American musician. He was the guitarist of Pop-punk band blink-182, until their break up in 2005. He also took a part in a project called Box Car Racer. He plays and records with Angels & Airwaves, his new band that he started after blink-182's break up. In 2009, blink-182 reunited, and they released a new album in September 2011, titled Neighborhoods. In 2012, blink-182 toured Australia for the first time since 2004. 

United States Geological Survey

The United States Geological Survey (USGS) is a scientific agency of the United States government. The agency is a part of the United States Department of the Interior. 

The scientists of the USGS study the landscape of the United States, its natural resources, and the natural hazards that threaten it. The organization has four major science disciplines: biology, geography, geology, and hydrology. The USGS is a fact-finding research organization. It has no power to regulate.

The USGS science focus is on seven "Mission Areas", (1) Climate and land use change, (2) Core science systems, (3) Ecosystems, (4) Energy and minerals, (5) Environmental health, (6) Natural hazards, and (7) Water. 

Administratively, it is divided into a Headquarters unit and six Regional Units. Other specific programs include:

The USGS Earthquake Hazards Program monitors earthquake activity worldwide. Its National Earthquake Information Center (NEIC) in Golden, Colorado detects the location and magnitude of global earthquakes. The USGS also runs or supports several regional monitoring networks in the U.S. under the umbrella of the Advanced National Seismic System (ANSS). The USGS informs authorities, emergency responders, the media, and the public, both domestic and worldwide, about significant earthquakes. It also maintains long-term archives of earthquake data for scientific and engineering research. It also conducts and supports research on long-term seismic hazards.

The USGS operates the streamgaging network for the United States, with over 7400 streamgages. Real-time streamflow data are available online.
The motto of the USGS is ""Science for a changing world"."

Pyroclastic flow

A pyroclastic flow, pronounced pie-roh-class-tick, (also known as a pyroclastic density current) is a flow of "lava", as commonly associated with volcanic eruptions. The flows are currents of hot gas, or "tephra", during an eruption that sometimes causes rock falls. A cloud forms over the river of hot rock. This boiling column of superheated gas, sand, tephra, obsidian, and pumice can reach soaring temperatures of 1,000ºC and is from 450 to 700 miles per hour.

They are extremely dangerous and can be deadly.

Mudflow

A mudflow or mudslide occurs when mud travels down a slope very quickly. Mudflows, which are like giant moving mud pies, happen when lots of water mixes with soil and rock. The water makes the slippery mass of mud flow quickly down. Mudflows happen most in mountainous places where a long dry season is followed by heavy rains. 

Mudflows of volcanic eruptions are the most dangerous, and are called lahars. A lahar is a type of mudflow or debris flow composed of a slurry of pyroclastic material, rocky debris, and water. The material flows down from a volcano, typically along a river valley. Lahars can move as quickly as 80km/h and are as thick as liquid concrete.

Lahars have several possible causes:
Lahars can occur without volcanic activity, if conditions are right for the collapse and movement of mud from existing volcanic ash deposits.

Stuart Duncan

Stuart Duncan (born April 14, 1964) is an American fiddle, banjo, mandolin, and guitar player. In his career, Duncan has recorded with artists such as Dolly Parton, Barbra Streisand, George Strait, Reba McEntire, Bela Fleck, Jerry Douglas, and Chris Thile.


Class (programming)

Class and object are basic building blocks in object-oriented programming languages. A class is written by a programmer in a defined structure to create an object (computer science) in an object oriented programming language. It defines a set of properties and methods that are common to all objects of one type. 

For example, a class could be a car, which could have a color field, four tire fields, and a drive method.
Another related class could be a truck, which would have similar fields, but not be exactly the same as a car. Both a car and a truck could be a kind of a third class which could be called a vehicle class. In this way, the programmer could create the parts of the program that are the same for both the car and the truck in programming the vehicle class, yet the programmer would be free to program how a car is different from a truck without duplicating all of the programming.

In this example, there are three classes: 1) a class called "car", 2) a class called "pick-up truck", and 3) a class called "vehicle". These classes would be used to make objects. Although there is only one class called "car", there could be many objects that are created from the class called "car". And, although there is only one class that is called "truck", many objects of type truck could be created from this class. The "vehicle" class is actually general and there would probably not be any objects that were only of the class "vehicle". But a car would be a kind of vehicle and a truck would also be a kind of vehicle. So, you could say that both cars and trucks are from the same class, vehicle.

Inside of classes are two kinds of things: methods and fields (or properties). Methods can store the code for doing actions; in this example you could have a drive method and a brake method, and maybe a turnRight and turnLeft method. Fields store data; you could have a color field, a speed field and a size field. You can call methods by first making an object of the Car or Truck class, and call it for example ferrari, and doing ferrari.methodName(). In this case, if we wanted to make the vehicle move, we could do ferrari.drive().

Here is an example realized with Java. Please notice that all unnecessary aspects are left out.
public class vehicle { // base class for all vehicles

public class car extends vehicle {

public class truck extends vehicle {

Loggerhead sea turtle

The loggerhead sea turtle or loggerhead, ("Caretta caretta"), is a type of turtle that lives in the sea. It is from the family Cheloniidae. 

Loggerheads live in the seas around the world. Most of the beaches where loggerheads lay eggs are found on the coasts of the United States in North America (mostly in Florida), Oman in Asia, and Australia in the Pacific Ocean. Some loggerheads also live near other countries like Chile, Greece, and Indonesia.

Loggerheads eat fish, squid, jellyfish, crabs, and other small sea animals. Loggerheads mate while they are moving in the seas mostly from March to June every 2 or 3 years. When they are ready to lay eggs female loggerheads always come back to the same beach where they came out of their eggs as babies. Most loggerheads lay eggs in June and July. Most lay between 100 and 126 eggs. The eggs look much like ping-pong balls.

When they come out of the eggs baby loggerheads are called "hatchlings". They usually come out at night so that other animals, like birds and crabs, do not eat them. The hatchlings follow light from the morning sun to the sea. They swim out to parts of the ocean that have seaweed (plants that grow in the sea) to hide from other animals while they grow.

Most loggerheads move to warm waters during months that are colder but some hibernate, or sleep for long times, when it is cold. When they are hibernating they can stay under the water for up to seven hours before coming up for air.

Loggerheads live 30 to 50 years or more.

In the past loggerhead sea turtles were hunted by people for meat and for their eggs. Also their fat and shells were used to make medicines, combs, and other things. The number of loggerheads today is small and so governments in many countries have laws that do not allow them to be hunted anymore.

The main danger for loggerheads now is the nets used by fishermen which can accidentally kill the turtles. They are also killed by boats, fishing hooks, and other dangers from people.

Civilization is harming the loggerhead reproduction cycle, due to beach construction.




Islamic Golden Age

The Islamic Golden Age, also sometimes known as the 
Islamic Renaissance, is traditionally said to have lasted from the 8th century AD to the 13th century. However, some place the beginning of the Islamic Golden Age as early as the Umayyad Caliphate (founded by Mu'awiya I), and place its end as late as the end of the 15th-16th centuries, including the rise of the Islamic gunpowder empires, referring to the Ottoman Empire, Safavid Empire and the Mughal Empire.

The Islamic Golden Age is traditionally understood to have begun during the reign of the Abbasid caliph Harun al-Rashid (786 to 809) with the inauguration of the House of Wisdom, which saw scholars from all over the Muslim world flock to Baghdad, the world's largest city by then, to translate the known world's classical knowledge into Arabic and Persian. Under the Umayyads, Al-Andalus also became a centre of science, medicine, philosophy and invention during the Islamic Golden Age. 
This period was called the "Golden Age", because engineers, scholars and traders in the Islamic world did much for the arts, agriculture, economics, industry, law, literature, navigation, philosophy, sciences, and technology in this time. They built upon earlier traditions and added inventions and innovations of their own. Howard R. Turner writes: "Muslim artists and scientists, princes and laborers together created a unique culture that has directly and indirectly influenced societies on every continent."


Gian Lorenzo Bernini

Gian Lorenzo (or Gianlorenzo) Bernini (, , ; Giovanni Lorenzo; 7 December 159828 November 1680) was one of the greatest artists of the Italian Baroque period. He was famous both for his sculpture and his architecture. From 1627, he worked for Pope Urban XIII and then for Pope Alexander VII at St. Peter's Basilica where he designed the famous "piazza" (place) in front of the basilica and many of the most splendid things that are inside.

Bernini was born in Naples, Italy. He was the son of Pietro Bernini (1562-1629) who was a well known sculptor. When he was about 7 years old, his father took him to Rome.

As a boy and as a young man living in Rome, he saw the works of many famous artists. He saw the famous fresco paintings on the ceiling of the Sistine Chapel by Michelangelo, one of the most famous artists of the 1500s. The paintings told the Bible story of Creation. He saw the huge dome of St. Peter's Basilica which Michelangelo designed and the new extension to the building that was being built by Carlo Maderna.

One artist who Bernini knew well was Annibale Carracci who painted scenes on the ceilings of rooms for the pope. The scenes told stories, often Ancient Roman legends. Carracci took Bernini into St. Peter's Basilica. Bernini fell on his knees and decided at that moment that he wanted to make something beautiful and splendid to honour Saint Peter.

Another artist whose work Bernini saw was Caravaggio. Caravaggio's paintings were nothing like Carracci's. Carracci's pictures were bright, lively and colourful. Caravaggio's pictures were dark, sad and often frightening. But looking into Caravaggio's paintings was like looking at something that was really happening while you were watching. The people in Caravaggio's paintings looked as if they could breathe, speak and feel pain.

By the time he was 20, Bernini was a sculptor, carving statues out of marble. He had learnt a lot, not just how to carve marble, which he learnt from his father, but how to make figures that told stories like Carracci's and Michelangelo's and seemed to be alive, like Caravaggio's. An important man in the Roman Catholic Church, Cardinal Scipione Borghese, saw his work and became his patron, paying Bernini to make many beautiful sculptures for him and his family. Soon the cardinal's uncle got to hear about Bernini. He was Pope Urban VIII, the most powerful man in Italy. He asked Bernini to work for him at St. Peter's Basilica. Bernini spent 40 years of his life there, all the time except for a trip to France and shorter visits to other cities.

Most sculptures of that time were just of one figure. But Bernini had seen Michelangelo's famous sculpture of the "Pieta" which showed the Virgin Mary grieving over the body of her dead son, Jesus. Bernini made figures that were in groups and told stories. One of his famous groups comes from Roman Mythology. It shows the god, Apollo chasing a beautiful wood nymph (a sort of fairy) that he had fallen in love with. But her father had magic powers and suddenly turned his daughter into a tree. Bernini sculptured the very moment when her toes are turning into roots, her legs are becoming the trunk, and leaves are sprouting out of her hands and long hair. She has her mouth open and a look of horror on her face. No-one had ever tried to carve anything like that in marble before. The thing that is so amazing about Bernini's sculpture is that he has made the flesh, the wood, the leaves and the hair all look so real, even though they are all carved in white stone.

Bernini's most famous sculpture is "St. Theresa in Ecstasy". It tells the story of a saint who had a vision of an angel. Her vision was so beautiful that she fainted. Bernini has sculptured the vision, with St. Theresa lying on a cloud with the laughing angel in front of her. Their robes are blowing around, and it is hard to believe that the whole scene, which is set against a wall, is not really floating. Bernini did not just design the statues. He also designed the walls of the chapel around it, which is like a stage-set, made of beautifully patterned marble. Against another wall, he carved a balcony and several white marble people looking at the scene. They are members of the family that paid for the chapel.

The city of Rome has lots of squares with fountains in them. Pope Alexander wanted to make the city more beautiful, so during his time, more fountains were made. One of the biggest squares in Rome was the Piazza Navona. On one side of the piazza was the church of St. Agnes, built by Borromini. Bernini thought it was an ugly building. He was asked to make the ""Fountain of the Rivers"" in the square, right outside the church. It has four figures who are symbols of four rivers. Bernini carved one of river-figures looking up at the church and throwing his hands in the air in shock at its ugliness. Borromini was very upset with Bernini's joke, which has been there now for more than 300 years.

Bernini's first work at St. Peter's was to design the "baldacchino" which is like a tent or "pavilion" above the High Altar. This amazing thing is 30 metres (98 ft) tall and is probably the largest piece of bronze in the world. It stands underneath Michelangelo's dome and has four huge bronze twisted columns decorated with olive leaves and bees, because bees were the symbol of Pope Urban. Pope Urban had a niece that he loved very much and he got Bernini to put her face and the face of her new-born baby boy on the columns as well.

Holding up the dome of the Basilica were four enormous stone pillars (piers). Bernini had a great idea for the big piers. He had four hollow "niches" carved into them where four huge statues could stand. This sent some people into a panic because they thought the dome would fall down, but it did not.

The basilica owns some precious relics: a piece of the True Cross of Jesus, a veil that a woman wiped the face of Jesus with, while he was carrying the cross, the spear that was used to pierce Jesus side, and the bones of St. Andrew, the brother of St. Peter. No-one knows for sure whether these things are real or not, but for hundreds of years they have been precious. Bernini's plan was the make four marble statues of the four Holy people: St. Helena who found the cross, St. Longinus who was the soldier with the spear, St Veronica who wiped Jesus' face and St. Andrew. Even though the design is Bernini's, the statues, which are all 5 metres high, were made by four different sculptors. Only St. Longinus is the work of Bernini.
Bernini's next job was to make a special throne out of bronze, to hold an ancient wood and ivory throne that had been at the basilica for more than 500 years. It is called the "Cattedra Petri" or "throne of St. Peter". The bronze throne, with the old wooden throne inside it, is held up high at the end of the basilica, by four important saints who are called "Doctors of the Church" because they were all great writers and teachers. The statues are made of bronze. They are Saints Ambrose and Augustine for the Church of Rome and Saints Athanasius and John Chrysostum for the Orthodox Church. Above the chair is a window which is made not from glass but thin translucent stone called alabaster. The Dove of the Holy Spirit is in the middle of the window with rays of light spreading out into the basilica through a sculpture of golden clouds and angels. Bernini designed this to look like a window into Heaven. There was a great celebration when the chair was put in place on January 16, 1666.
To the west of the basilica is the "Piazza di San Pietro" (St. Peter's Place). The piazza was designed by Bernini and built between 1656 and 1667. It was not an easy job because the designer had lots of things to think about. Firstly, many people complained that Maderna's "facade" on St. Peter's looked too wide, so Bernini wanted to make it look narrower, not wider. Secondly, in the old square left over from the Old St. Peter's, Pope Sixtus V had a monument set up. This monument was a precious Ancient Egyptian "obelisk" (which is like a tall column, but with four flat sides). From its base to the top of the cross (that the pope had put on top) it was 40 metres (131 ft) high, and had been brought to Roman in ancient times. The obelisk really should be at the centre of the new square, but it was not in quite the right place, and was very difficult to move without breaking. The third problem was that Maderna had built a fountain to one side of the obelisk, and Bernini needed to make another fountain to match it, otherwise the design would look unbalanced.

Bernini solved the problem by making two areas, instead of one huge one. The first area is an almost-square area right in front of the facade. It is cleverly designed with sloping sides that make the building look taller and not so wide. The second part of the piazza is oval. It has the obelisk at the centre with two fountains on either side at the widest part. The two parts of the piazza are surrounded by a "colonnade" (covered walk-way) which is carried on tall columns. All around are large statues of saints which seem to look down on the thousands of visitors that come to the square every day. The colonnade is in two great arcs that seem to stretch out like loving arms, welcoming people to the Basilica. In recent times some buildings were demolished, making another square, to match the one near the piazza. It is a good place for vans to park and can be seen in the photo.

The famous architectural historian, Sir Banister Fletcher, said that no other city in the world had given such a wonderful view to people visiting their main church. He said that no other architect except Bernini could have imagined such a noble design. He said it is the greatest entrance to the greatest Christian church in the whole world.

Bernini's last work for St. Peter's, 1676, was to decorate of the Chapel of the Sacrament. He designed a miniature temple just like the one that was built over the place where St. Peter died. He made it bronze covered with fine gold. On either side is an angel, one gazing in adoration and the other looking towards the viewer in welcome. Bernini died in 1680 aged 81, after working for St. Peter's for 40 years of his life.


Auguste Charlois

Auguste Honoré Charlois (26 November 1864 – 26 March 1910) was a French astronomer who discovered 99 asteroids while working in Nice.

He first discovered the asteroid 267 Tirza in 1887.

HCard

hCard, short for HTML vCard, is a format for publishing the contact information of people, companies, organizations, and places, in XHTML, Atom, RSS, or raw XML.

Ellen Axson Wilson

Ellen Louise Axson Wilson (May 15, 1860 – August 6, 1914), first wife of Woodrow Wilson was First Lady of the United States from 1913 until her death.

Ellen spent her childhood in Rome, Georgia. Her father’s name was Reverend S.E. Axson. Her father was a Presbyterian minister. Thomas Woodrow Wilson first saw Ellen when he was about six and she only a baby. In 1883, as a young lawyer from Atlanta, "Tommy" visited Rome (Georgia) and met "Miss Ellie Lou" again. She was looking after her father’s household. He wanted to marry her. The marriage took place in 1885, as she did not immediately wanted to leave her father alone. 

In the same year, her husband got a teaching job at Bryn Mawr College. They lived near the campus. She kept her younger brother with them. The Wilson couple had three children. Margaret was born in 1886; Jessie was born in 1887. A third child named Eleanor was born in Connecticut, while Wilson was teaching at Wesleyan University. 

Beginning in 1890, her husband had a well-known career at Princeton University. This brought much social responsibility to Ellen. She spent most of her time painting. She had a studio in the White House where she painted. 

The Wilson couple began their administration without any party. As the First Lady, Ellen’s entertainments were also simple. But her charms and warmness made the people happy. Her parties became successes. 

As the First Lady, Ellen Wilson tried for improving the housing for the "Negroes" living in Washington D.C. She visited the slums where Negro families lived. This brought their bad living condition to the attention of the Congressmen.

She had Bright's disease. She died on 6 August 1914 after an operation on her appendix. At the time of her death, she quietly said to the physician: "…take good care of my husband." She also told her physician to tell her husband to marry again after her death. Wilson was very sad at her death. He took her to Rome, Georgia for burial. He would later marry Edith Wilson in 1915.


Fédération Cynologique Internationale

The Fédération Cynologique Internationale (FCI, World Canine Organisation) is an association of kennel clubs. It is based in Thuin, Belgium.

It has 84 members and contract partners (one member per country) that each issue their own "pedigrees" (rules about how each type of dog should look) and train their own judges. The FCI makes sure that the pedigrees and judges are of one FCI member are recognised by all other FCI members.


Robertstown

Robertstown is a village in County Kildare, Ireland. It is near to many famous villages such as Allenwood.

Robertstown has a population of 707 people.

Hermanas Mirabal Province

Hermanas Mirabal (known previously as Salcedo province) is a Dominican province, in the north-central part of the country. Its capital city is Salcedo.

It was created on 1952 with the name Province Salcedo. In November 2007, its name was changed to Hermanas Mirabal. It was a municipality of the Espaillat province before being elevated to the category of province.

The Hermanas Mirabal province is bordered to the north and the west by the province of Espaillat, to the east by the Duarte province and to the south by La Vega.

"Hermanas Mirabal" ("Mirabal Sisters") were three sisters (Patria, Minerva and María Teresa Mirabal) that lived in Ojo de Agua, a small town in this province, and that were killed on 25 November 1960 by people of the dictator Rafael Trujillo. That day, 25 November, is now known as the "International Day of Non Violence Against Women".

The province was created in 1952 with the name of "Salcedo province", with the municipalities of Salcedo and Tenares, that were parts of the Espaillat province; Salcedo was named as capital of the province.

In 1959, Villa Tapia became a municipal district of the province but was made a municipality in 1968. Blanco was made a municipal district in 1968 and Jamao Afuera in 2003.

In (last national census), there were people living in the Hermanas Mirabal province, and 26,649 () living in towns and cities. The population density was persons/km², one of the highest in the country

Its population represents of the total population of the country and the province is ranked as the 24th (out of 31 plus the National District) more populated province.

, the total estimated propulation of the province is 92,353 inhabitants.

The largest city of the province is Salcedo, its head municipality or capital, with a population (in ) of 35,306 inhabitants.

The Hermanas Mirabal province has a total area of . It has of the area of the Dominican Republic and it is ranked as the 31st (out of 31 plus the National District) largest province; only the Distrito Nacional is smaller.

There are two geographic regions in the province. The northern half of the province is in the southern side of the Cordillera Septentrional ("Northern mountain range"); the mountains here are not very high. The southern half is in the Cibao valley.

The altitude of Salcedo, provincial capital, is .

The only protected area in the province is the "Reserva Científica La Salcedoa" ("Scientific Reserve La Salcedoa"), created to protect the habitat of an endemic plant: the "Salcedoa mirabaliarum". The area is in a karstic region and includes part of the Espaillat province.

The climate of the province is a tropical climate, hot most of the year.

There are 3 municipalities and 2 municipal districts (M.D.) in the province. The municipalities and its municipal districts (M.D.) are:

The main economic activity of the province is agriculture and the main products are plantain, cassava, coffee and cacao.


Breckerfeld

Breckerfeld is a town in the district of Ennepe-Ruhr-Kreis, in North Rhine-Westphalia, (Germany). It is in the southeastern part of the Ruhr area in northern Sauerland.

Paul Raud

Paul Raud (October 22, 1865 - November 22, 1930) was an Estonian painter. He had twin brother, Kristijan Raud, who was also painter. Paul Raud studied in Düsseldorfi art academy.


Alhazen

Alhazen or Alhacen or ibn al-Haytham (965–1039) was a pioneer of modern optics. Some have also described him as a "pioneer of the modern scientific method" and "first scientist", but others think this overstates his contribution. Alhazen's "Risala fi’l-makan" (Treatise on Place) discussed theories on the motion of a body. He maintained that a body moves perpetually unless an external force stops it or changes its direction of motion. He laid foundations for telescopic astronomy.

He was an Arab Muslim polymath who made contributions to the principles of optics, as well as to anatomy, engineering, mathematics, medicine, ophthalmology, philosophy, physics, psychology, Muslim theology, visual perception. He is sometimes called al-Basri (Arabic: البصري), after his birthplace in the city of Basra in Iraq (Mesopotamia).

Alhazen lived mainly in Cairo, Egypt, dying there at age 74. Over-confident about practical application of his mathematical knowledge, he thought he could regulate the floods of the Nile. When he was ordered by Al-Hakim bi-Amr Allah, the sixth ruler of the Fatimid caliphate, to carry out this operation, he realized he could not do it, and retired from engineering. Fearing for his life, he pretended to be mad, and was placed under house arrest. For the rest of his life he devoted himself entirely to his scientific work.



Weather balloon

A weather or sounding balloon is a balloon (specifically a type of high altitude balloon) which carries instruments in the sky to send back information on atmospheric pressure, temperature, and humidity by means of a small measuring tool called a radiosonde. To get wind data, they can be tracked by radar, radio direction finding, or navigation systems (such as the satellite based Global Positioning System). 

The invention of the weather balloon started the age of remote sensing, the ability to collect information where there are no people. Weather balloons are a major tool of atmospheric research. High altitude balloons have also been used by astronomers and cosmologists to take readings of certain particle frequencies or gather light readings free of excessive disturbance from Earth's lower atmosphere (troposphere).

The first observation balloon was launched immediately before the first manned balloon flight by Frenchmen Jean-François de Rozier and the Marquis d'Aalandes on November 21, 1783, for a pre-flight wind reading. Later, French meteorologist Leon Teisserenc de Bort (1855-1913) pioneered the use of weather balloons, handily proving their utility. With balloon-acquired data, he determined the existence of a lower level of the atmosphere, which he termed the troposphere or "sphere of change," where weather takes place. Since the 1930s, when radio tracking systems were invented, balloons have been used as complete floating weather stations, using such instruments as thermometers, barometers, hygrometers, cameras, and telescopes.

Many agencies use weather balloon flights to model the atmosphere and to make more accurate weather predictions. They collect such atmospheric information as temperature , pressure, and humidity that can then be plotted on weather maps. Three-dimensional atmospheric modeling is also possible using weather balloons because the instruments they carry are able to provide data collected from several different altitude points. Since they started, the long bags of helium have been carrying aloft increasingly sophisticated observation devices. The take the science of weather observation literally to the edges of outer space .

Einsatzgruppen

"The Einsatzgruppen" were a paramilitary group in Nazi Germany created by the notorious Nazi SS-Gestapo Officer Reinhard Heydrich . They were part of the "Schutzstaffel" (SS). They helped make The Holocaust happen by murdering about 12 million people throughout Europe. Almost all of the people they killed were civilians.

Sometimes, the "Einsatzgruppen" would kill only a few people at once. Other times, they would kill thousands of people in a few days. For example, at Babi Yar, the "Einsatzgruppen" killed 33,771 Jewish people in two days.

Most of the people the "Einsatzgruppen" killed were Jews. They killed between 5 and 6 million Jews. However, they also killed hundreds of thousands of Polish people, Soviets, and Roma people in Eastern Europe.

After Nazi Germany lost World War II, 24 leaders of the "Einsatzgruppen" were put on trial for war crimes and crimes against humanity at the Nuremberg Trials. Sixteen were convicted. Fourteen were sentenced to death, and two were sentenced to life in prison. Other countries later tried four other "Einsatzgruppen" leaders, convicted them, and sentenced them to death.

SS leader Reinhard Heydrich created the "Einsatzgruppen" around 1938.

At first, in October 1938, Heydrich sent the "Einsatzgruppen" to the Sudetenland. Adolf Hitler, the leader of Nazi Germany, wanted to take over the Sudetenland. He was ready to use the Nazi military to invade the area. However, in the Munich Agreement, world powers agreed that Hitler could have the Sudetenland. The "Einsatzgruppen" helped take over government buildings, and took all the government papers they could find. They also arrested about 10,000 Czech communists and German citizens.

From September to December 1939, the "Einsatzgruppen" took part in the Nazis' Action T4 program. The Nazis believed that people with physical, intellectual, and mental disabilities did not deserve to live. Action T4 was a plan to kill them all. At first, the "Einsatzgruppen" and other Nazis shot these people. However, by spring of 1940, the Nazis started using gas chambers so they could kill people with disabilities more quickly.

In 1939, Hitler decided to invade Poland. Heydrich decided the "Einsatzgruppen" would follow the regular German Army. Their job would be to kill the most important people in Polish society, like clergy, teachers, and members of the academia. They would also kill anyone who refused to agree with Nazi ideas or rules. Adolf Hitler said: "...there must be no Polish leaders; where Polish leaders exist they must be killed[.]" The Einzatsgruppen followed this plan by killing about 65,000 civilians by the end of 1939. These people included Polish leaders, Jews, prostitutes, Roma people, and people with mental illnesses.

Finally, the "Einsatzgruppen" forced the surviving Jews in Poland to move to ghettos in big Polish citiies. The Nazis planned to get rid of all the Jews in Poland, but they had not yet decided where to send them. With the help of the German Army, the "Einsatzgruppen" also forced tens of thousands of Jews eastward into the part of Poland that the Soviet Union had taken over.

In 1941, Hitler decided to invade the Soviet Union. He called this plan Operation Barbarossa. Hitler hated communism. He wanted to take over the communist Soviet Union, and kill communism for good.

In May 1941, Heydrich gave the "Einsatzgruppen" an order to kill the Jews in the Soviet Union.

In June 1941, Heinrich Himmler, the leader of the SS, told other SS leaders that the Nazis planned to kill up to 30 million people in the Soviet Union. The "Einsatzgruppen" would play an important part in this by murdering people who the Nazis thought were inferior. However, the Nazis would also use other strategies, like starvation, to kill other Soviets.

The "Einsatzgruppen" were divided into seven battalions. Hitler's army invaded the Soviet Union on June 22, 1941. A few weeks later, the "Einsatzgruppen" started working in eastern Poland, which was controlled by the Soviet Union. Heydrich gave them three main jobs:

The "Einsatzgruppen" did these jobs in many ways. Sometimes, they would make lists of people who they thought were enemies, and would then murder them. Other times, they would perform massacres of thousands of people over a few days. For example, at Babi Yar, one "Einsatzgruppen" battalion killed 33,771 Jews in two days; in the Rumbula massacre, another killed about 25,000 people in two days.

As the Nazis took over more and more countries, they created more "Einsatzgruppen". They also created smaller groups called "Einsatzkommando" and "Sonderkommando". These included:

After the Nazis invaded the Soviet Union, the "Einsatzgruppen"s main job was still to kill civilians, like they did in Poland. However, this time, Heydrich ordered the "Einsatzgruppen" to kill:


Between July 8 and July 17, Heydrich also ordered the "Einsatzgruppen" to kill:

The Red Army retreated. However, Heydrich thought there were Soviet guerrilla fighters still in the area and thought local Jews were helping them. He ordered the "Einsatzgruppen" to encourage anti-Jewish pogroms in the newly occupied territories. Pogroms (some of which the "Einsatzgruppen" started) broke out in Latvia, Lithuania, and Ukraine. Within the first few weeks of Operation Barbarossa, 10,000 Jews were killed in 40 different pogroms. By the end of 1941, about 60 pogroms had happened, killing up to 24,000 people.

All of the main "Einsatzgruppen" took part in mass shootings from the beginning of the war. At first, they shot only adult Jewish men. However, by August, they were shooting all Jews, including women, children, infants, and the elderly. At first, they killed people in firing squads. When this became too slow, the "Einsatzkommandos" began to shoot larger groups next to, or even inside, mass graves. As news about these killings spread, many Jewish people ran away.

The Nazis began to send people to concentration camps and ghettos. Rural areas were mostly "Judenfrei" (free of Jews). The Nazis created forced labour gangs so they could make use of the Jews as slaves until the Nazis had killed them all. The Nazis had put off that goal until 1942.

"Einsatzgruppe A" worked in the Baltic States of Estonia, Latvia, and Lithuania. These countries had been occupied by the Soviet Union before the Nazis took them over. "Einsatzgruppe A" killed about 140,000 people between June and November 1941.

When "Einsatzgruppe A" entered Kaunas, Lithuania, a pogrom was happening. They let all of the criminals out of jail and encouraged them to join the pogrom. In four days, 4,000 Jews were killed in the pogrom.

The head of "Einsatzgruppe A" let a violent anti-Semitic man named Viktors Arājs start a smaller "Einsatzgruppe" called the Arājs Kommando. Together, the two groups killed 2,300 Jews in Riga, Lithuania. Within six months, the Arājs Kommando killed about half of the Jews in Latvia.

Groups like the Arājs Kommando were created in Lithuania and Estonia too. With their help, "Einsatzgruppe A" was able to kill almost every Jew in its area.

In November 1941, Himmler decided that Latvians were not being killed fast enough. He wanted to move Jews from Germany into Latvia. He ordered that everyone living in the ghetto in Riga, Latvia, be murdered.

The Nazis told the people in the ghetto they were being sent to another place to live. They told them to bring their things and valuables.

The Nazis moved people towards a nearby forest a thousand at a time. They shot people who tried to run away or could not walk fast enough. They took the things the Jews had brought with them, and made them take off their clothes. Then, fifty at a time, they made the victims lie down in a mass grave and shot them.

In two days, about 25,000 people were murdered by the "Einsatzgruppen".

After a while, Himmler realized that the "Einsatzgruppen"s methods were not the best way to kill people as quickly and cheaply as possible. He also found that many "Einsatzgruppen" had trouble killing so many people. Some had physical and mental health problems, and others became alcoholics. Himmler made a final decision after watching a mass execution in August 1941. He decided that shooting Jews was too stressful for his men.

Himmler decided that the answer to this problem was to kill Jews (and others) with poison gas. Starting in 1942, all of the main "Einsatzgruppen" began killing people using gas vans, which had been used to kill people with disabilities early on in Action T4. In these vans, carbon monoxide exhaust fumes from the vans' engines were pumped into the back of the truck, killing the victims inside. However, by September 1941, Nazis at Auschwitz concentration camp had begun experimenting with Zyklon B, a cyanide-like pesticide.

At the Wannsee Conference on January 20, 1942, the Nazis officially decided to kill all of the Jews in Europe (11 million people). Some would be worked to death. Others would be killed in extermination camps (death camps).(). The Nazis created death camps like Auschwitz-Birkenau and Bełżec extermination camps with the goal of killing as many people as possible, as quickly as possible. These death camps replaced the "Einsatzgruppen" as the Nazis' main strategy of mass murder and genocide.

At first, the "Einsatzgruppen" were sent to fight partisans people in Nazi-occupied territories who continued to fight back against the Nazis. However, by 1944, most "Einsatzgruppen" had become part of Waffen-SS fighting units or sent to guard death camps.

The "Einsatzgruppen" kept careful records of their mass murders so they could write reports to their supervisors. The Commander of "Einsatzgruppe A" filed the Jäger Report on December 1, 1941. it talks about "Einsatzgruppen A"s actions in Lithuania.

The report says that "Einsatzgruppen A" killed 137,346 people. Most were Jews, but others were communists, criminals, and other Nazi "enemies." Starting in mid-August, when 3,207 people were murdered, the victims included children.

In February 1942, Jäger changed his estimates of how many people the "Einsatzgruppen" killed. He said there were 138,272 victims, including:

Jäger also said that only 1,851 of the victims (1.3%) were not Jewish.

Many other papers and reports written by the "Einsatzgruppen" talk about how many people the different units killed. For example, one researcher looked at over 200 Operational Situation Reports (reports from the "Einsatzgruppen" to their bosses about what they were doing). He also looked at letters and reports written by "Einsatzgruppen" bosses. He found that as of 1942, "Einsatzgruppen A, B, C", and "D" had killed almost a million people:

Xenophilius Lovegood

Xenophilius Lovegood is a fictional character of the Harry Potter series. He is the father of Luna Lovegood (friend of Harry Potter), and the editor of "The Quibbler", a magazine in which he writes the things that just he believes, such as Nargles and Crumple-Horned Snorkack. However, during the Second Wizarding War, his magazine published reliable news, to the point that most people switched to it for news. Only when his daughter was kidnapped that the Quibbler started to turn against Harry Potter. Lovegood was played by Rhys Ifans in "Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows".
<br>
HIDDEN PAST: He is Lucius Malfoy's disowned brother. When he got married he took his wife's (Pandora Lovegood) surname. This act was further proof to his biological family that he was a blood traitor.

Bartolomé de Las Casas

Bartolomé de Las Casas (1484 – 1566), known as the "Apostle of the Indies", was a 16th century Spanish priest and writer, and the first Bishop of Chiapas, Mexico. Las Casas was the Dominican priest who condemned the treatment of Indians in the Spanish empire. His widely disseminated 'History of the Indies' helped to establish the Black Legend of Spanish cruelty. 

Bartolome de Las Casas was born in Seville, Spain in 1484. He was there when Christopher Columbus went to Seville in 1493 after Columbus' first trip to the Americas. His father, Pedro de las Casas, and his uncle went to the Americas in the second voyage of Columbus that left in November 1493.

With his father, he went to the Caribbean island of Hispaniola in 1502 together with Nicolás de Ovando, the new governor of the island. In 1506 he went to Rome, Italy, where he became a Catholic priest.

He went back to Hispaniola in 1508 and moved to Concepción de la Vega, in the Cibao valley, and got an encomienda (land with the indigenous people living there). Then he went in 1513 to Cuba and the governor Diego Velázquez gave him an "encomienda". But soon Las Casas began to understand that the native people (Taínos in Cuba and Hispaniola) were treated as slaves in a very bad way, and he began to defend the native people.

Las Casas became the first official priest in the New World in 1512.

In 1515 he went to Hispaniola, and from there to Spain to defend the native people of the Americas. From 1517 to 1523, and with the title "Protector of the Indians", he tried to develop a model settlement in northern Venezuela to protect the native people but the experiment failed. From there, he went to Hispaniola, joining the Dominican Order (an order of Catholic priests) in 1523.

He stayed in the city of Santo Domingo until 1527 when he was sent to Puerto Plata, on the northern coast, to found a new religious community and where he began to write his "History of the Indies".

He became Bishop of Chiapas, Mexico, from 1544 to 1547. He wrote a book about the abuse of Indians called "A short account of the destruction of the Indies". The book was finished in 1542 but it was not released as a book until 1552. It is his most famous book. He went to Spain and he stayed here until he died in 17 July 1566 in Madrid.

Some of his more important written works are:



São José, Santa Catarina

São José it´s a city of the Santa Catarina state, in Brazil. The biggest city in Santa Catarina is Joinville.

Balneário Camboriú

Balneário Camboriú is a Brazilian city in the state of Santa Catarina. In 2018, 138,732 people lived there. It is about from the city of Florianópolis, the state capital. Balneário Camboriú has an area of .


Blumenau

Blumenau is a city of the Santa Catarina state, in Brazil, with 363,340 inhabitants.

Brusque, Santa Catarina

Brusque is a city of the Santa Catarina state, in Brazil. The biggest city in Santa Catarina is Joinville.

São José

There are a lot parishes that have the name São José (Portuguese for Saint Joseph):






Chapecó

Chapecó is a city of the Santa Catarina state, in Brazil. The biggest city in Santa Catarina is Joinville.

Criciúma

Criciúma is a city of the Santa Catarina state, in Brazil. The biggest city in Santa Catarina is Joinville.


Itajaí

Itajaí is a city of the Santa Catarina state, in Brazil. The biggest city in Santa Catarina is Joinville. The city was started on June 15, 1860. People started living in Itajai as early as the year 1658.

Itajaí can be found on the northern coast of the state. It is found on the banks of the river Rio Itajaí-Açu. The name of the city came from the name of the river. Itajaí has the cities Balneário Camboriú, Camboriú, Brusque, Gaspar, Ilhota and Navegantes next to it. Itajaí is found on the base Baixo Vale do Itajaí. It is next to the Atlantic Ocean. Itajai is pretty much built on a plain. Highway BR-101 is the main highway that passes by the city. Highways SC-100, SC-486, SC-470, and BR-470, connects Itajaí to the rest of the state.

Itajaí has the following sister cities:


Jaraguá do Sul

Jaraguá do Sul is a city of the Santa Catarina state, in Brazil. The biggest city in Santa Catarina is Joinville.

Joaçaba

Joaçaba is a city of the Santa Catarina state, in Brazil. The biggest city in Santa Catarina is Joinville.

Joinville

Joinville is a city in Santa Catarina state in southern Brazil. It is a major industrial city. It is the largest city in Santa Catarina. About 550,000 people live in the city, and about 1.3 million people live in the surrounding metropolitan area. Most of the people are of German, Swiss and Norwegian descent. It is the third largest city in the southern region of Brazil. 
Joinville is also the third largest industrial center in southern Brazil. The region produces more than 30% of the total GDP of the state of Santa Catarina. The largest corporations with headquarters in the city are Amanco, Busscar, Ciser, Datasul, Docol, Döhler, Embraco, Tupy, Lepper, Tigre, Wetzel, Whirlpool, Viqua, Schulz, and Universal Leaf Tobacco.
Joinville is known as the city of the Princes, flowers, dance and bicycles. The Joinville Dance Festival is a major event in the month of July - it is recognized as the world's largest dance festival (listed in the Guinness Book of Records). A subsidiary of the School of Ballet of the Bolshoi Theatre, the only one outside Russia, is highlighted in the training of dancers.
The Airport of Joinville (Lauro Carneiro de Loyola) is one of the largest in South Region. It is located 13 km from the city center, 110 km from airport and 163 km from Curitiba to Florianópolis Airport. Of Joinville there are several daily flights to São Paulo (Congonhas), through Companies: Gol Airlines, TAM and Azul.

Lages

Lages is a city of the Santa Catarina state, in Brazil. The biggest city in Santa Catarina is Joinville.

Brusque

Brusque can mean:



Berwick-upon-Tweed

Berwick-upon-Tweed is a town in Northumberland, United Kingdom. It is the most northerly town in England, and is 2 miles from Scotland. Around 15,000 people live in Berwick. Many people visit Berwick because it is a nearby market town.

Berwick used to be a Scottish town and a very important port. The town's ownership has changed more than 12 times. In 1482, the English took Berwick and never lost it again. Today, many Scottish people live in Berwick.

The Scottish county called Berwickshire is named after Berwick.

Martin van Heemskerck

Maerten van Heemskerck or Marten Jacobsz Heemskerk van Veen (1 June 1498 – 1 October 1574) was one of the best known Dutch portrait and religious painters of the 16th century (1500s). He became famous for a series of coloured prints of the Seven Wonders of the World.

Marten van Heemskerck was born in the town of Heemskerck, near Haarlem in Holland. His father was a farmer. Marten was apprenticed to two painters in Haarlem, but was called home by his father to help with the farm work. Marten ran away from home, and in a single day travelled 50 miles to the town of Delft. He found another master to teach him painting, but soon left him as well. He then went to Haarlem where from 1527 to 1529 he worked with a painter called Jan van Scorel.

One of the artists who influenced Marten van Heemskerck at this time was Jan Mabuse who had travelled to Italy and had seen the paintings of famous artists from Florence and Venice. Marten began to copy the style of Mabuse's paintings. In 1532 he went to Italy and spent several years going from town to town, looking at the artworks and making drawings of what he saw.

The city that was to have the most influence on Marten van Heemskerck was Rome. He was very interested in the ruins left from the time of the Ancient Romans. He made many drawings of the ruined buildings and other things that he saw. His sketchbooks, which are now in a museum in Berlin are very important evidence for showing what Rome was like in the 1500s. One important building that he drew was St. Peter's Basilica which had been begun, but never completed.

The most famous artist who was alive at this time was Michelangelo. He was mainly a sculptor but he had spent five years painting the ceiling of the Sistine Chapel. Like everybody else, Marten van Heemskerck thought it was amazing. He was so influenced by the figures that Michelangelo had painted that he designed a series of pictures called "Twelve Panels showing Strong Men from Mythology and Biblical History". Like the series of the "Seven Wonders of the Ancient World" they are well known as prints made from "engravings" (they are printed from a metal plate with the design cut into it).
When van Heemskerck was in Rome in 1536, he got work as a "scene-painter". This is like a person who paints the scenery in a theatre. Charles V had coming to Rome and was going to have a "triumphal procession". The streets of the city were decorated with archways for the emperor to pass under. Van Heemskerck worked with Antonio da San Gallo, Battista Franco and Francesco Salviati. The writer Giorgio Vasari saw some battle scenes that he painted and wrote that they were well composed and boldly painted.

He returned to the Netherlands and lived at Haarlem where he settled down and married twice. After that, he only left Haarlem for a short time, in 1572, to go to Amsterdam because the Spanish had invaded Haarlem. In 1540 became president of his Guild of Painters. He became a rich and well-known painter. When he died, he left some money in his will to be paid to a bridal couple who would get married on his tomb. This custom was believed to bring peace to the dead person. He also left some land to help an orphanage in the city.

Many works by Marten van Heemskerck can still be seen. They include "Adam and Eve", "St. Luke painting the Madonna and Child" and a painting of Jesus in the museum in Ghent, Belgium. These pictures were done before he went to Italy. In the 1550s he painted several altarpieces which can be seen in the museums of Delft, Haarlem and Brussels, as well as lives of St. Bernard and St. Benedict.


Instrumental

An instrumental is music that has no words or people singing. The music is made only by musical instruments, or by makings sounds using other things, like bins.

Some types of music like Jazz and classical music have a lot of instrumentals, but most other types of popular music do not.

Some very popular instrumental songs are:


Currywurst

Currywurst is a German dish. It is made from a pork sausage (), sliced and covered in a "curry sauce" (usually ketchup or tomato paste blended with curry) and generous amounts of curry powder. 

Currywurst is often sold as a take-out/take-away food, Schnell-Imbisse, at diners or "greasy spoons," on children's menus in restaurants, or as a street food.

Berlin legend says that Herta Heuwer, from Königsberg, invented the currywurst sauce by experimenting at her stall in Berlin-Charlottenburg in 1949.
People from the Ruhr-area say that the sauce was accidentally invented by a sausage stall owner in Essen, who dropped a can with curry powder into some ketchup. 

Early in his career German pop singer Herbert Grönemeyer, raised in Bochum, wrote a song, in the Ruhr dialect, to currywurst.

Although Berlin claims currywurst as its invention and "national dish", all over Germany, there are more than 20 different types of currywurst.

7-1-1

7-1-1 is a telephone number in Canada and the United States. It is used by the Telecommunications Relay Service to let people who are deaf and people who can hear communicate with each other using a telephone. The 7-1-1 number lets these people talk through an operator, by turning the words into something that can be read on a telecommunications device for the deaf (TDD).

Johann Palisa

Johann Palisa (December 6 1848–May 2 1925) was an Austrian astronomer, born in Troppau in Austrian Silesia (now in the Czech Republic).

He was a good finder of asteroids, finding 122 in all, from 136 Austria in 1874 to 1073 Gellivara in 1923. Some of the notable asteroids he found include 153 Hilda, 216 Kleopatra, 243 Ida, 253 Mathilde, 324 Bamberga, and the Amor asteroid 719 Albert.

The asteroid 914 Palisana and the Palisa crater on the Moon were named in his honour.

From 1866 to 1870, Palisa studied mathematics and astronomy at the University of Vienna; however, he did not graduate until 1884. Despite this, by 1870 he was an assistant at the University's observatory, and a year later gained a position at the observatory in Geneva. A few years later, in 1872, at the age of 24, Palisa became the leader of the Austrian Naval Observatory in Pola. While at Pola, he found his first asteroid, 136 Austria, on March 18, 1874. Along with this, he found twenty-seven minor planets and one comet. During his stay in Pola he used a small six-inch refractor telescope to aid in his research.

Palisa named some of the asteroids after his family: (320) Katharina after his mother, Katherina, (321) Florentina after his daughter Florentine. His second wife is Anna.

Vulgate

The Vulgate (lat. "Vulgata") is a translation of the Christian Bible. St. Jerome did most of the work. The Vulgate was written in Latin in the 5th century.

"Versio vulgata" is Latin for the "version commonly used".


M.C. Hammer

Stanley Kirk Burrell (born March 30, 1962), better known by his stage name MC Hammer (or simply Hammer), is an American rapper and dancer. He was popular in the late 1980s and early 1990s. Hammer is known for becoming very rich and well known in a short period of time. His fame and money did not last long though. He lost it all in a very short period. Hammer was also known for the pants he wore. "Hammer Pants" became a fashion trend while he was popular . He became a preacher in the 1990s. Hammer now works as a television host and CEO.

Hammer was a contestant in the first season of "The Surreal Life".

Hammer is a Democrat and attended the 2012 Democratic National Convention in support of President Obama's re-election.


Nuclear power plant

A nuclear power plant is a type of power station that generates electricity using heat from nuclear reactions. These reactions take place within a reactor. The plant also has machines which remove heat from the reactor to operate a steam turbine and generator to make electricity. Electricity made by nuclear power plants is called nuclear power. 

Nuclear power plants are usually near water to remove the heat the reactor makes. Some nuclear power plants use cooling towers to do this. Nuclear power plants use uranium as fuel. When the reactor is on, uranium atoms inside the reactor split into two smaller atoms. When uranium atoms split, they give off a large amount of heat. This splitting of atoms is called fission. 

The most popular atoms to fission are uranium and plutonium. Those atoms are slightly radioactive. The atoms produced when fuel atoms break apart are strongly radioactive. Today, fission only happens in nuclear reactors. In nuclear reactors, fission only happens when the reactors parts are arranged properly. Nuclear power plants turn their reactors off when replacing old nuclear fuel with new fuel. 

There are about four hundred nuclear power plants in the world, with many in the United States, France, and Japan. Some famous accidents at nuclear power plants were the 2011 Fukushima nuclear disaster in Japan, 1986 Chernobyl disaster in Ukraine, and the 1979 Three Mile Island accident in the United States. An Anti-nuclear movement in Australia opposes the making of any nuclear power plants in the country.

Progression

Progression can be any of the following:

In mathematics:

In music:

In other fields:

Corsican

Corsican might mean:


Charing Cross Hospital

Charing Cross Hospital is a hospital in Hammersmith. It is part of Imperial College Healthcare NHS Trust.

Charing Cross Hospital was set up in Villiers Street, London, in 1823. It became known as Charing Cross Hospital in 1827. It was set up after Dr. Benjamin Golding started a meeting in 1818.

It was originally built in Central London but it was moved after World War II. It reopened on Fulham Palace Road in 1973. The hospital was designed and built by Decimus Burton. It was much bigger and more modern than others at the time. Today it is still in use. It is a teaching hospital for students. It has 15 floors.

8-1-1

8-1-1 is a telephone number in the United States and Canada. In the United States, 8-1-1 is the number to call to find underground power cables, gas pipes, and other utilities. This lets people avoid them while they are digging. Underground cables and pipes can be damaged by digging tools. A damaged gas pipe can leak, which is very bad.

In Canada, 8-1-1 is the number to call for health questions that are not emergencies.

8-1-1 used to be a direct line to the business office of the telephone company giving service on the line. Once a person has called, they could do different things, such as pay their phone bill, talk to Customer Service, or get another phone line. In 2007, it was put together with 6-1-1.

American Airlines Flight 11

American Airlines Flight 11 was the first hijacked airplane of the September 11 attacks. It crashed into the North Tower of the World Trade Center. The American Airlines airplane was a Boeing 767. It was scheduled to fly from Logan International Airport in Boston to Los Angeles International Airport. Fifteen minutes after takeoff, the hijackers forced their way into the cockpit. One of the hijackers was a trained pilot. He took the controls of the aircraft and flew it into the North Tower. The hijackers were members of the terrorist group Al-Qaeda.

All 92 people on the airplane died in the crash—11 crew members and 81 passengers; 5 of them were hijackers. The crashing took place at 08:46 Eastern Daylight Time. Many people near by panicked as they saw the crash. A few people were able to capture the moment of impact; Jules Naudet, a French cameraman who was filming a movie, and Pavel Hlava, a Czech immigrant. Additionally, a webcam set up by Wolfgang Staehle at an art exhibit in Brooklyn that took pictures of Lower Manhattan every four seconds, and a newscamera that was left on the ground also captured the crash. The crash and the fire that started right after it made the North Tower collapse within 102 minutes. The attack killed nearly 3,000 people and injured thousands more. It left a profound mark on American history and changed the system of airport security.

The aircraft flying American Airlines Flight 11 was a Boeing 767-200ER. Even though it could carry a maximum of 158 passengers, the September 11 flight carried only 81 passengers and 11 crew members. Flying the aircraft was pilot John Ogonowski and first officer Thomas McGuinness. The flight attendants were Barbara Arestegui, Jeffrey Collman, Sara Low, Karen Martin, Kathleen Nicosia, Betty Ong, Jean Roger, Dianne Snyder and Madeline Sweeney.

Mohamed Atta, a member of terrorist group al-Qaeda in Afghanistan and the leader of the terrorists and another hijacker, Abdulaziz al-Omari, flew together from Portland, Maine to Boston, Massachusetts early on September 11, 2001. Both hijackers had first class tickets for a flight to Los Angeles, California. Three other hijackers, Waleed al-Shehri, Wail al-Shehri and Satam al-Suqami arrived at Logan International Airport by car. All five checked in and by 07:40, were aboard the aircraft which was supposed to leave at 07:45.

Mohamed Atta, the Egyptian leader of the terrorist attackers, sat in business class with Abdulaziz al-Omari and Suqami. Waleed al-Shehri and Wail al-Shehri sat in first class. The aircraft taxied away from Gate B32 and departed Logan International Airport at 07:59 from runway 4R after a 14-minute delay.

It is thought that the hijacking of the plane started at 08:14. This was when the pilot and first officer stopped talking with air traffic control at Boston. Two minutes later, the aircraft stopped flying along the route it was supposed to. No more radio replies came from the aircraft and the system in the aircraft used to avoid crashing into other aircraft was also switched off. Flight attendants Ong and Sweeney, two of the several flight attendants, contacted American Airlines with AT&T airphones during the hijack. They said the hijackers had hurt two of the other attendants and killed an Israeli passenger. During the interminable four-minute call, Ong told the airline which seats the hijackers were sitting in and said no one could get into the cockpit, where the hijackers were now.

At 08:23:38, Mohamed Atta tried to talk to the passengers from the cockpit but he pressed the wrong message button and sent the message to air traffic control. He said that "[They] have some planes, just stay quiet and you'll be okay. We are returning to the airport." A minute later he said, "Nobody move. Everything will be okay. If you try to make any moves, you'll endanger yourself and the airplane. Just stay quiet." Air traffic control finally realized that the aircraft had been hijacked, and they called the Federal Aviation Administration. Soon after, Atta announced, "Nobody move please, we are going back to the airport, don't try to make any stupid moves." Five minutes later, Boston air traffic control called North American Aerospace Defense Command (NORAD). NORAD ordered two F-15 fighter aircraft to catch the flight, but it was too late—American Airlines Flight 11 had already made its last turn towards Manhattan and crashed into the North Tower of the World Trade Center no more than six minutes after the fighter aircraft had taken off.

At 08:46:40, Atta and the hijackers crashed Flight 11 into the northern side of the North Tower (Tower 1) of the World Trade Center. The aircraft, traveling at about [or 404 knots] and carrying about 10,000 U.S. gallons of flammable fuel, hit between the 93rd and 99th floors of the North Tower. In all, 92 people on board were killed.

Because of the angle the airplane struck, people could not escape from at or above where the aircraft had crashed (floors 100 and up). All stairs and elevators from the 92nd floor to at least the 99th floor were blocked by fire or debris, trapping 1,344 people. Hundreds were killed right away by the impact. The rest either were trapped and died from the fire, smoke or the collapse of the tower, and some even died after they jumped or fell out the windows of the burning building. More than one elevator shaft carried the burning fuel downward, exploding on the 44th floor sky lobby and the Lobby of the North Tower causing damage to the marble walls, shattering windows and causing severe burns to several people.

Jules Naudet, a French cameraman filmed the crash. A webcam set up at an art exhibition in Brooklyn to take pictures of Lower Manhattan, every four seconds, also filmed Flight 11 crashing into the North Tower.

News organizations first reported an explosion at the World Trade Center. CNN interrupted a commercial at 08:49 with the headline that read "World Trade Center Disaster." President George W. Bush was arriving at an elementary school in Sarasota, Florida when he was told about the crash. The president said, "This is pilot error. It's unbelievable that somebody would do this. The guy must have had a heart attack." The first news reports believed that the crash had been an accident until Flight 175 crashed into the South Tower at 09:03, minutes after.

102 minutes after the crash, the North Tower burned and collapsed in on itself. Although the crash caused much damage, the fire caused by jet fuel was blamed for the damage and collapse of the tower. Hundreds of rescue workers also died when the tower collapsed.

Rescue workers at the site started to find remains of bodies from the victims of Flight 11 soon after the attack. Some workers found bodies strapped to airplane seats. Reports that the body of a flight attendant with her hands tied up was released in the days after the attacks, meaning that the hijackers may have used handcuffs. However, little evidence has been provided after the events to confirm whether this is in fact true or not. Within a year, remains of the 33 victims that had been on Flight 11 had been identified. They identified two other Flight 11 victims, lead flight attendant Karen Martin and another person, after body remains were discovered near Ground Zero in 2006. In April 2007, examiners using newer DNA technology identified another Flight 11 victim. The remains of two hijackers, who could have been from Flight 11, were also identified and removed from Memorial Park in Manhattan. The remains of the other hijackers have not been identified and are buried with other unidentified remains at Memorial Park.
In a video recording found months later in Afghanistan, al-Qaeda's leader, Osama bin Laden, seemed to say he planned the attack. He said he believed part of towers would collapse. The flight recorders, or tapes that record useful flight data, for Flight 11 and Flight 175 were never found.

After the attacks, the flight number for flights on the same route at the same takeoff time was changed to American Airlines Flight 25, and a Boeing 757 was used instead of a Boeing 767. An American flag was flown on the jet bridge from which Flight 11 departed from Logan Airport.



Sonic the Hedgehog 2

Sonic the Hedgehog 2, also called Sonic 2, is the second video game in the "Sonic the Hedgehog" series. It is a sequel to "Sonic the Hedgehog". It was made by Sonic Team and published by Sega for the Sega Mega Drive in 1992. Unlike the first game, it has a half-pipe special stage and has seven chaos emeralds (see "chaos emerald") instead of six. It also introduces Miles "Tails" Prower.

Development of the game began in November 1991. The game was developed by both Japanese and American staff at Sega Technical Institute.

After the release of the original "Sonic the Hedgehog", creator Yuji Naka quit Sega due to disagreements over corporate policy. Mark Cerny, who had recently created Sega Technical Institute (STI) inCalifornia, met with Naka in Japan. He offered Naka a higher salary and more creative freedom if he joined STI. Naka agreed. Hirokazu Yasuhara, the lead level designer of "Sonic the Hedgehog", also decided to join STI.

The game's story is that Dr. Robotnik has flew to another island, and it's up to Sonic and his new friend, Tails, to stop him. The doctor has found 7 special gems and they grant him ultimate power. The player must take him down. The gameplay is similar to the first Sonic the Hedgehog game. The player can run, curl up into a ball and jump, and perform a new move, the Spindash. The spindash is a move where Sonic can curl up, gain energy, and roll at high speeds. At the end of the game, the heroes can be seen flying in the air. The game has variety in its gameplay, with a flying section in a plane level.

Because of the popularity of its predecessor, "Sonic the Hedgehog 2" already had a fanbase waiting for its release. The game received a lot of praise, and it was a bestseller in the UK charts for 2 months. As of 2006, the game had sold over 6 million copies. This makes it the second best-selling game on the Sega Genesis.

"Electronic Gaming Monthly" said it was the best Genesis game of 1992.

The most common criticisms were about the two-player mode, a first for the series.

United Airlines Flight 175

United Airlines Flight 175 was the second hijacked airplane of the September 11, 2001 attacks. The flight was traveling from Logan International Airport in Boston, Massachusetts to Los Angeles International Airport in Los Angeles, California.

It crashed into the South Tower of the World Trade Center. The plane was hijacked by five members of al-Qaeda. The plane was a Boeing 767. 56 people (including 5 hijackers) and 9 crew members died in the crash. The time of the crash was 9:03 AM Eastern Daylight Time. Unlike American Airlines Flight 11, which crashed into the North tower 17.5 minutes earlier, Flight 175 was the only plane seen live on television because of the media attention drawn to the scene from the crash of Flight 11.

The aircraft used in the attack was a Boeing 767-222. The aircraft had a registration of N612UA, and it was built in 1983 by Boeing. The airplane could seat 168 passengers in total (10 seats in first class, 33 seats in business class, and 125 seats in economy class). On this particular flight, 56 passengers (5 of which were hijackers), and nine staff members. All together, United Airlines Flight 175 carried 65 people on the morning of September 11.


Folk rock

Folk rock music is a mixture of folk music with modern rock music. Folk rock began in the mid 1960s with performers like the Byrds. Folk singer Bob Dylan created a sensation at the 1965 Newport Festival when he used electric guitar in his performance. This led to many groups wanting to play folk music in the rock style. These groups included Fairport Convention, Steeleye Span, Pentangle and Alan Stivell.

Jimmy Page

James Patrick Page OBE (born 9 January 1944 in Heston, Middlesex, England) is an English guitarist, songwriter and producer. He began his career as a studio session guitarist in London. From 1966 to 1968 he was a member of The Yardbirds. After that band ended Page went on to form the band Led Zeppelin.

Allmusic describes Page as "one of the most influential and important guitarists in rock history". In 2003, Rolling Stone Magazine ranked Page #9 in its list of "The 100 Greatest Guitarists of All Time".

From the early 1970s to the early 1990s, Page owned the Boleskine House. Earlier, the house had belonged to occultist Aleister Crowley. Page was interested in the magic that Crowley used. 

Along with Tony Iommi of Black Sabbath, Page is often considered one of the greatest riff writers of all time.

Jimmy Page has been inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame twice. The first time was in 1992 as a member of The Yardbirds. He was inducted again in 1995 as a member of Led Zeppelin.


John Paul Jones (musician)

John Paul Jones (born John Baldwin on 3 January 1946), in Sidcup, Kent) is an English musician and record producer, and was known for being the bassist, the keyboardist, backing vocalist, and the mandolin player for rock band Led Zeppelin.

John started playing the Piano when he was six years old. His father, Joe Baldwin was his teacher. When he was 15 Jones joined his first band called The Deltas. In 1962 Jones joined a band called The Shadows. The Shadows had one hit song called Diamonds, which an artist named Jimmy Page had helped write.

During his time with The Shadows Jones was seen by Jimmy Page. When Jimmy was forming his new band, Jones' wife suggested he ask Jimmy about the new band. Jimmy was very glad that Jones had asked, and the two formed a duo. Soon after singer Robert Plant and drummer John Bonham joined them forming a Quartet. At first, the group was called The New Yardbirds, but the name was soon changed to Led Zeppelin.


Robert Plant

Robert Anthony Plant (born 20 August 1948) is a rock singer and musician, and was known for being the lead vocalist for rock band Led Zeppelin. In 2007, he recorded an album with bluegrass fiddler Alison Krauss, and toured with her in 2008.


John Bonham

John Henry "Bonzo" Bonham (31 May, 1948 – 25 September, 1980) was an English rock drummer. He was best known for being a member of London hard rock band Led Zeppelin. Bonham is considered one of the greatest rock drummers of all time.

John Bonham's career started in 1967, when he joined the Band of Joy with singer Robert Plant. After having some success, the band broke up. At around the same time, another band called The Yardbirds also broke up. Soon after this, Jimmy Page, the lead guitarist for the Yardbirds, decided to start a new band. This new band, called Led Zeppelin, had Plant on vocals, John Paul Jones on bass and keyboards, Bonham on drums and Page playing guitar.

Bonham died after choking on his own vomit in his sleep after drinking forty shots of vodka, and bassist John Paul Jones found him the next morning.

After playing some small gigs throughout England, the band came out with their first album, named "Led Zeppelin I". John Bonham's talents can be heard on such songs as "Good Times, Bad Times", featuring his single bass drum skip throughout the song. Soon after this, the band left for a tour of America, on Boxing Day (26 December 1969). After a rather successful tour, Zeppelin came out with their second album, naming it "Led Zeppelin II". This album included the song "Moby Dick", which had a famous drum solo by Bonham. Throughout the solo, Bonham showed off his talents by playing hand drums while continuing to use his right foot.
By this time, Led Zeppelin was becoming more well known. With the release of their third album (not surprisingly named "Led Zeppelin III"), they became one of the biggest bands in the world. Bonham's featured song on this album, which he wrote, was "Out On The Tiles". 

Led Zeppelin later released the albums "Led Zeppelin IV" (which was originally unnamed), "Houses of the Holy", and "Physical Graffiti". During this time, Zeppelin was touring non-stop. In addition to still playing "Moby Dick", Bonham also received attention for his work on songs such as "Four Sticks", "The Ocean", and "In My Time Of Dying". 

Soon after "Physical Graffiti", the band took time off because Robert Plant was injured in a car crash. In this time off, besides spending time with his family and tinkering with cars, Bonham was working on their next album, "Presence".

On 24 September 1980, Bonham was picked up by his personal assistant, Rex King. They were going to a rehearsal for the upcoming tour. During the day, Bonham drank many alcoholic beverages. After the rehearsal the band left and went to Page's house. The next day, Benji LeFevre, Led Zeppelin's new tour manager, and John Paul Jones found Bonham dead.

The coroner ruled that Bonham had drank forty shots of vodka, and his cause of death was pulmonary edema. Bonham had vomited in his sleep, and suffocated on his own vomit.

After Bonham died, Led Zeppelin decided to quit because they felt that Bonham was too good to be replaced.


Quack

Quack is the sound a duck makes.

Quack is also the name for someone who is a phony. One way that people use this word is a "quack doctor". A quack doctor sells people bad medicine that does not make people feel better.

A quack can also mean a fake doctor who tries to sell his medicine to people when they do not really make you better which means they are fake. A quack doctor tries to tell people that they can cure everything but they can not, they just con you into going to them, but they do not cure you, they just make you feel a little bit better. 
They also take some of the jobs from the doctors who have been to university and studied to become a doctor and then Quacks are just taking their patients away from them.

Hoof

A hoof is the foot of certain animals known as ungulates (such as deer, cows, pigs, sheep, and giraffes). These animals walk on their toes. The toes have a hard cover made out of the same material as fingernails. This is called keratin.

Jyutping

Jyutping is a romanization for the Cantonese language. It was created by the Linguistic Society of Hong Kong (LSHK) in 1993.


Combination

Combination may mean:

S-type asteroid

An S-type asteroid is an asteroid that is mainly "silicaceous", or made of a lot of silicon. This is why it is called an "S-type". About 17% of all asteroids are this type of asteroid, meaning that they are the second most common after C-type asteroids. 

S-type asteroids are the most common asteroid in the inner main belt, but become very rare farther out in space. The biggest asteroid of this type is 15 Eunomia. 

Yelle

Yelle (born Julie Budet, January 17, 1983) is a French singer and rapper from the city of Saint-Brieuc. She became famous from MySpace.com when she uploaded a song called "Short Dick Cuizi". With her producer who is also a close friend called GrandMarnier, Yelle has recorded her first album called "POP-UP", after her hit single "Je Veux Te Voir". She was also featured on Fatal Bazooka's song "Parle à ma main" in 2007. As of October 2007, she opened for Mika during his European tour. In February 2008, she performed the song "A cause des Garçons" on the BBC Three programme "Lily Allen and Friends". The programme said that this was her first appearance on UK television.


Ozama River

The River Ozama is a river in the eastern part of the "Llano Costero del Caribe" (in English, "Caribbean Coastal Plain"). Its overall length of 148 km makes it the fourth longest river in the Dominican Republic, and its watershed (2,685 km²) is the fourth largest of the country.

Because large parts of the watershed is found in region where rainfalls are frequent, without a dry period, its flow is always very good.

Ozama is a Taíno word. Bartolomé de Las Casas always wrote "Hozama". When he wrote, the "H" represented the letter "J" and was pronounced (similar to the English "H" in house, home). There are several words in the Dominican Republic with that H: Haina-Jaina, Haití-Jaití.

Writers of the 16th century wrote Hosama and Osama. But later the H disappeared completely.

The sources of the Ozama are in the Loma Siete Cabezas mountain (in English, "Seven Heads Mountain"), the highest mountain of the Sierra de Yamasá mountain range. It flows east through the Monte Plata province and then slowly bends southeast, forming part of the limits between the Santo Domingo and Monte Plata provinces.

Near the municipality of San Luis, it is joined by the River Yabacao and then turns to the southwest. In the city of Santo Domingo, the river flows to the south and into the Caribbean Sea.

The most important tributaries are Yabacao, Isabela and Savita (or Sabita).

The "Greater Santo Domingo", that includes Santo Domingo and parts of Santo Domingo Este and Santo Domingo Norte, is the most important city on the river banks. The river divides the old city of Santo Domingo in three sections; before 2001, all three sections were part of Santo Domingo but now only the western part is part of the city. The eastern section is the city of Santo Domingo Este and the northern section is part of Santo Domingo Norte.

The River Ozama flows through a region where rainfalls are frequent and, for that reason, its water is not needed for irrigation. There are too much solid materials in the water and it cannot be used for the houses.

Water from the Caribbean Sea gets into the river for several kilometres because the riverbed is below sea level. There were mangroves (plants that can live in water with a hight salinity), and there are still some near La Victoria, on the banks of the river near the mouth because of the salinity of its water.

Water quality in the River Ozama has been severely affected by industrialisation, ships, and the large population that lives around its banks close to the mouth.

The river is not deep enough for big ships except close to the mouth. When the country was a Spanish colony, and some years after the Independence, flat boats were used to move around the region.

The city of Santo Domingo was founded in the 16th century on the left side of the mouth but soon it was moved to the right side and became the capital city of the Spanish colony.

Sugarcane was grown to produce sugar in lands around the River Ozama and its tributary Isabela. The river was used to take the sugar to the port of Santo Domingo.

In the 19th and 20th centuries, sugar cane was the most important crop grown close to the River Ozama. Cattle is also important in the region because grasses are abundant.

For the second half of the 20th century, Santo Domingo became the most important port of the country; the port was near the mouth of the River Ozama. But now the port is used mainly for tourist ships.

The River Ozama has been used in art, mainly in poetry, as a symbol of the country. Many poets wrote poems about the river when they were out of the country because of political reasons; they sang to the river to represent the return to their country. José Joaquín Puello, a Dominican poet of the 19th century, wrote several poems where the name is used to represent the country; two of them are "Ecos del destierro" ("Echoes of the exile") and "La vuelta al hogar" ("Back to home").

Nipple

The nipple is a special structure. Female mammals (and women) use nipples for breastfeeding. The breast in male and female mammals is made the same way. The production of milk for breastfeeding is controlled by hormones. This means that men cannot use their breasts to produce milk (unless they have a problem with their hormones). 


American Airlines Flight 77

American Airlines Flight 77 was American Airlines' transcontinental flight from Washington Dulles International Airport, in Dulles, Virginia to Los Angeles International Airport in Los Angeles, California. The flight flew every day in the morning on this route. On September 11, 2001, the aircraft flying this route—a Boeing 757-223—was hijacked by five al-Qaeda terrorists. The hijackers crashed the plane into the Pentagon on purpose. The crash was part of the September 11 attacks.

The hijackers went into the cockpit and made the passengers move to the back of the plane less than 35 minutes into the flight. Hani Hanjour, one of the hijackers who was trained as a pilot, took over the flight. Passengers on the plane were able to make telephone calls to loved ones. They also called people to tell them what was happening on the plane. The hijackers did not know that passengers were doing this.

Barbara Olson, wife of U.S. Solicitor General Theodore Olson, was one of the passengers.

The aircraft crashed into the western side of the Pentagon at 09:37 EDT. All 64 people on board the aircraft, including the hijackers, died. 125 people in the building died as well. Dozens of people saw the crash. News sources began reporting on the incident within minutes. The impact damaged an area of the Pentagon and started a large fire. Part of the Pentagon collapsed. Firefighters spent days trying to stop the fire. The damaged areas of the Pentagon were rebuilt in 2002. The fixed areas were able to be used again starting on August 15, 2002.

The 184 victims of the attack are honored in the Pentagon Memorial next to the Pentagon. The park contains a bench for each of the victims. The benches are put in order of the victim's years of birth. These years range from 1930 (aged 71) to 1998 (aged 3).



Sonic the Hedgehog (video game)

Sonic the Hedgehog, often times called Sonic 1, is the first video game in the "Sonic the Hedgehog" series. It was made by Sonic Team and published by Sega for the Sega Mega Drive in 1991. It has many sequels and spin-offs. In the same year, Ancient made a 8 bit version the Master System and Game Gear.

In order to steal six Chaos Emeralds, Dr. Ivo Robotnik traps the animals from South Island in robots. The player controls Sonic, whose goal is to free the animals and retrieve the emeralds. If the player collects them all, the game will have a good ending. If the player does not succeed, the bad ending will show Robotnik keeping the emeralds for himself.

In 1989, Sega began development on the Sega Mega Drive. They needed a video game character to compete with Nintendo's Mario. Sega began a competition for their employees to make a character to rival Mario. Concepts included a man with resemblence to Mario's outfit and Bart Simpson's head, a Japanese ancient warrior, and a jester with a puppet in hand. It came down to 4 concepts by Naoto Ohshima. The man mentioned above, a man in pajamas with a large mustache and resemblence to Theodore Roosevelt, a hedgehog with arms and legs and conjoined eyes, and a grey rabbit that could grab with his ears. It obviously boiled down to the hedgehog becoming Sonic, and the mustached-man becoming Dr. Ivo Robotnik. There were more scrapped ideas including a human female love interest for the hedgehog, and Sonic fighting living monster alien creatures instead of the robots we are used to. These concepts were scrapped to strangely avoid resemblence to 1985's Super Mario Bros.. At Tokyo Toy Show 1990, a prototype for Sonic the Hedgehog was shown. Only magazine photos exist to prove that it's real.

Tekken

Tekken is the first game for the Tekken series, released on December 9, 1994 for arcades. It was later released on the PlayStation in 1995. Tekken had two modes, Arcade mode and VS mode. Extra modes would be added in the next games.


Tekken 2

Tekken 2 is a fighting video game made by Namco. It was released in arcades in 1995 and released worldwide on PlayStation in 1996.

The game contains twenty five characters. Most from the original game return in the game, except Jack.

|width=50% valign=top|

Alicia Keys

Alicia Augello Cook (born January 25, 1981), known professionally as Alicia Keys, is an American singer, songwriter and actress. She has sold over forty-one million albums and singles worldwide as of 2007, and has won numerous awards, including fourteen Grammy Awards, eleven Billboard Music Awards, five American Music Awards, and fourteen NAACP Image Awards.

Keys was born on January 25, 1981, in Hell's Kitchen, Manhattan, New York City, New York. Her birth name is Alicia Augello Cook. She is the only child of Teresa Augello, a paralegal and part-time actress, and Craig Cook, a flight attendant. Her mother is of half Italian and half English, Irish, and Scottish ancestry, and her father is of African American ancestry. Keys has expressed that she was comfortable with her mixed race heritage because she felt she was able to "relate to different cultures".




Headlining tours
Co-headlining tours

Concerts
Books

Published articles

Other contributions


Zlata's Diary

Zlata's Diary was a diary by Bosnia and Herzegovina's Zlata Filipovic. It was written between 1991 and 1993 about her life at the time. It was mostly about the Bosnian war that erupted near her in Sarajevo. She starts the fifth grade in the beginning of 1991 and she reunites her friends and her family. 

Zlata's Diary is about a girl that lived through the Bosnian war. She kept a diary that she called Mimmy. Her entries were always, ""Dear Mimmy"" and she'd end with, ""Your Zlata"". 

Zlata was known as the Anne Frank of Bosnia. The book tells you about her difficult childhood that was stolen away from her as a child. She learned to handle deaths and tragedies throughout the young years of her life. This book is good for children as they can understand the hardships faced by children living in countries in war.

Anna Bessonova

Anna Bessonova (born 29 July 1984) is a Ukrainian 2 time Olympic Bronze medalist rhythmic gymnast. She was born in Kiev, Ukrainian Soviet Socialist Republic, the daughter of Vladimir Bessonov and Viktoria Serkyh-Bessonova. She began training for rhythmic gymnastics at the age of three. She has won a gold medal in the 2007 Patras Rhythmic Gymnastics World Championships. She takes interest to modeling and may pursue a career in it. She is coached by Irina Deriugina and Albina Deriugina at Deriugin's School of Rhythmic Gymnastics.

List of counties in North Carolina

The U.S. state of North Carolina is divided up into 100 counties.

Emmanuel College, Melbourne

The Emmanuel College: St. Paul's Campus (formerly St. Paul's College) is a Roman Catholic, secondary day school for boys. It is in Altona North, a south-western suburb of Melbourne, Victoria, Australia. It a branch of one of Emmanuel College's education facilities.

St. Paul's Campus started as 'St. Paul's College' in 1965, under the guidance of the American Order of the Society of Marianists. The order had been asked to start this Catholic Secondary Boys' College by the then Archbishop of Melbourne, Dr. Daniel Mannix. The college's colours were then Red, White and Blue and its motto was Ecce Mater Tua (Latin:"Behold Thy Mother").

In the early 1960s, the local parish priests purchased a large, eight hectare, undeveloped block in Altona North. Through the work of the parents of the school's first students, the austere block was transformed into an attractive property. The College's primary edifice, the three-storey building called the "Jubilee Building", was completed in 1969. Following to be completed were:

The Jubilee Building was extensively renovated in 1998. In 2004, with the assistance of a Commonwealth Government grant, work commenced on enlarging the library complex and the building of two new computer labs. These developments were completed in 2005 and the College has not undergone any significant renovations since.

In 2006, the plans for Emmanuel College and the future of the school initiated. 2008 saw the full change from 'St. Paul's College' to 'Emmanuel College' with the acquisition of a second co-educational campus. The school eventually incorporated a new emblem and changed its motto to Life To The Full, which comes from the Gospel according to John: ""I have come that they may have life and have it to the full"" (John 10:10).

Since 1997, the principal has been Mr. Christopher Stock (BSc DipEd MEd B.Theol) at the St. Paul's Campus. In 2008 when the change to Emmanuel College was complete, he became the principal of Emmanuel College, and thus being the principal of two schools; the St. Paul's Campus and the Notre Dame Campus.

Emmanuel College House System consists of 5 houses:

These houses are named after the Marianists who first served at the school. Each house has 10 homerooms, each with about 25 students ranged from years 7-12 per homeroom.

Emmanuel College has offered the VCE program at the St. Paul's Campus since its began in 1990.



Basra

Basra (البصرة; Al Baṣrah) is the third largest city of Iraq with a population of about 2,600,000 (2003). It is the country's main port. Baṣra played an important role in early Islamic history, and it was the first city built in Islam 14 A.H (after Hijra)
The city lies at the Shatt al-Arab waterway near the Persian Gulf, from the Persian Gulf and from Baghdad, Iraq's capital and largest city.



Hijra

Hijra, as an Arabic word meaning migration (also romanised as hijrah, hejira and hegira) (cf. Hebrew הגירה "hagirah" for "emigration") could mean:


Hijra may also mean:

Hejira may mean:

Hegira may mean: 


Hiigara may mean:

Hijrah

Hijra (هِجْرَة), or withdrawal, is the word that is used for the movement of Muhammad and most of his followers from Mecca to Medina in 622. The Hijra marks the beginning of the Islamic calendar. Alternate spellings of this Arabic word in the Latin alphabet are Hijrah, or Hegira in Latin.
The Muslim dates are in the Islamic calendar extended back in time. The Western dates are in the Julian calendar. The Hijra is celebrated annually on 8 Rabi' I, about 66 days after 1 Muharram, the first day of the Muslim year. Many writers confuse the first day of the year of the Hijra with the Hijra itself, erroneously stating that the Hijra occurred on 1 Muharram AH 1 or 16 July 622.




The Nanny

The Nanny was an American sitcom starring Fran Drescher. It first showed in 1993 and ended in 1999.



Fran Fine is a bridal consultant at Danny's Parisian Brides for Less. Thinking her boyfriend of three years will propose at any minute, she stays with him. But in the series premier, he dumps her for Heather Biblow. He fires her so Heather Biblow can take her job. Fran is forced to take a job as a door-to-door cosmetics saleswoman for Shades of the Orient cosmetics. When she knocks on the door of the Sheffield residence, the man at the door, who turns out to be the butler, mistakes her for an applicant for the nanny position. After meeting the man of the house, Maxwell Sheffield, he is none to thrilled with her unorthodox manners and lack of experience. Out of desperation, he takes her on as nanny on a trial basis.

The girls, Maggie, the oldest, and Gracie the youngest quickly warm up to her, but not Maxwell's son, the middle boy Brighton. He was the hardest to win over, and eventually she becomes an integral part of the Sheffield home, and she becomes best friends with the butler Niles. Maxwell's business partner C.C. Babcock, who wants Maxwell for herself, becomes jealous of Fran and sees her as a competitor.

The series showed many hints of the growing attraction between Miss Fine and Mr Sheffield, even so far as Mr Sheffield saying he loved her...then taking it back. Eventually they do get married after a lot of ups and downs. Near the end of the series, Fran gives birth to twins, a boy and a girl. The Sheffields (Maxwell, Fran, Grace, Jonah, Eve) move to California. Maggie and Brighton take a trip to Europe. The last scene of the show is of Fran finding her Shades of the Orient case from the series premiere, looking at the case and the house with loving memories and walking out the door for the last time.

The show performed poorly in its first year. When it was almost canceled, Sagansky stepped in. According to Jacobson: "At all those affiliate meetings, he used to say, 'Stick by "The Nanny"!' He knew it was something special." The sitcom was the first new show delivered to CBS for the 1993 season. It was the highest-tested pilot at the network in years. The series was also very successful internationally. In Australia, it was one of the highest-rated programs during the mid-to-late 1990s.


List of The Nanny episodes

This is a list of the episodes of the CBS television sitcom The Nanny. There are 146 episodes in this series.

Wake County, North Carolina

Wake County is a county in the U.S. state of North Carolina. As of 2020, 1,129,410 people lived there. Wake County has more people than any other county in North Carolina. The county seat is Raleigh, which is also the state capital. From 2005 to 2006, Wake County was the 9th fastest growing county in the United States.

These cities and towns are in Wake County:

These counties are connected to Wake County:

Wake County has seven colleges and universities. They are: Meredith College, North Carolina State University, Peace College, Saint Augustine's College, Shaw University, Southeastern Baptist Theological Seminary and Wake Technical Community College.

The Wake County Public School System runs the public schools in Wake County. The school system has over 134,000 students. There are 20 high schools, 30 middle schools, 93 elementary schools and 8 specialized schools. There are also nine charter schools and 31 private schools in the county.

Raleigh-Durham International Airport is in Wake County. Interstate 40 is a major interstate and part of it goes through the county. Several local bus services have routes throughout Wake County. Wake County also has two Amtrak stations, one in Raleigh and one in Cary.

Wake County has three state parks: Falls Lake State Recreation Area, William B. Umstead State Park, and the Jordan Lake State Recreation Area. Falls Lake Park is in northern Wake County and contains the 12,000 acre Falls Lake and 26,000 acres of woods. Umstead Park is between Raleigh and Cary. It has 5,579 acres of woods. Part of Jordan Lake Park, is in Wake County near Apex, and it has the 13,940 acre Jordan Lake and 46,768 acres of woods. This park has bald eagles.
There are 152 city parks, public swimming pools and public tennis courts in Wake County. There are 53 community centers. Fifteen miles of the American Tobacco Trail is in the county. People can use the trail to walk, jog, and ride bikes or horses.

Wake County has three main hospitals, Rex Hospital, WakeMed, and Duke Raleigh Hospital. WakeMed also has many smaller hospitals throughout the county

Alison Moyet

Alison Moyet (born Genevieve Alison Jane Moyet on 18 June 1961), is an English pop singer-songwriter noted for her bluesy voice . 

Alison Moyet was born in Billericay, Essex, England. Her father was French; her mother was English. She grew up in Basildon, where she attended school. She left school at 16 and trained as a piano tuner. She was involved in a number of punk rock, pub rock and blues bands in the South East Essex area during the late 1970s and early 1980s, including the Vandals, the Screamin' Ab Dabs, the Vicars and the Little Roosters.

Moyet's pop career began in 1981 when she formed the electropop group Yazoo with former Depeche Mode member Vince Clarke. Yazoo had several hits, including "Only You", "Don't Go", "Situation" and "Nobody's Diary", and recorded two albums, "Upstairs at Eric's" and "You and Me Both". 

In 1983 Moyet and Clarke decided to end Yazoo. Clarke formed The Assembly and later Erasure; Moyet started a solo career. Moyet reunited with Clarke as Yazoo for a live tour during 2008.

Durham County, North Carolina

Durham County is a county in the U.S. state of North Carolina. Its county seat is Durham.

The county was made on April 17, 1881, from parts of Orange County and Wake County. In 1911 parts of Cedar Fork Township in Wake County were transferred to Durham County and became Carr Township.

Durham County is part of the regional Triangle J Council of Governments.

The only incorporated city in Durham County is the City of Durham. But, parts of the Town of Chapel Hill in Orange County are also in Durham County.



Nash County, North Carolina

Nash County is a county in the U.S. state of North Carolina. As of 2020, 94,970 people lived there. Its county seat is Nashville.

The county was made in 1777 from Edgecombe County. It was named for Brigadier General Francis Nash, who had been wounded that year at the Battle of Germantown.

In 1855 parts of Nash County, Edgecombe County, Johnston County, and Wayne County were combined to make Wilson County.

Nash County is part of the regional Upper Coastal Plain Council of Governments.

These counties are connected to Nash County:

These are the cities and towns in Nash County:


Granville County, North Carolina

Granville County is a county in the U.S. state of North Carolina. As of 2020, 60,992 people lived there. Its county seat is Oxford.

The county was made in 1746 from Edgecombe County.

In 1752 parts of Granville County, Bladen County, and Johnston County were combined to form Orange County. In 1764 the eastern part of Granville County became Bute County. And in 1881 parts of Granville County, Franklin County, and Warren County were combined to form Vance County.

Granville County is part of the Kerr-Tar Regional Council of Governments.

The counties border, or connect to, Granville County:

These cities and towns are in Granville County:


Franklin County, North Carolina

Franklin County is a county in the U.S. state of North Carolina. As of 2020, 68,573 people lived there. Its county seat is Louisburg.

The county was made in 1779 from the southern half of Bute County. It was named for Benjamin Franklin.

In 1881, parts of Franklin County, Granville County, and Warren County were combined to form Vance County.

Franklin County is a member of the Kerr-Tar Regional Council of Governments.

The Methodist Louisburg College and a campus of Vance-Granville Community College are in Franklin County.

These counties are connected to Franklin County:

These cities and towns are in Franklin County:


Shoulder rest

A shoulder rest is something which is used by people who play the violin or the viola. It may be made of wood, aluminium, carbon fiber or plastic. It appeared around the middle part of the 20th century. Usually, the shoulder rest attaches to the edge of the violin with "feet" padded with rubber tubing or made of soft plastic.

The purpose of a shoulder rest is to help the player to be comfortable holding the violin, which is held between the chin and the shoulder. It is a relatively recent invention, and though it is quite commonly used among modern violinists and violists, it is not universally used. Depending on body type and style of clothes, some musicians prefer no more than a thin sponge, a cloth or sometimes nothing at all under the instrument. It is important that the player can shift his left hand easily and freely to play in the higher positions without being afraid that he will drop the instrument, and without feeling the need to squeeze the instrument between his chin and shoulder as this will make the muscles in his neck very tight.

The shoulder rest must not be confused with the chinrest, which is the bit on which the player rests his chin.


Johnston County, North Carolina

Johnston County is a county in the U.S. state of North Carolina. In 2020, 215,999 people lived there. Its county seat is Smithfield.

The county was made in 1746 from Craven County. It was named for Gabriel Johnston, who used to be the governor of North Carolina.

In 1752 parts of Johnston County, Bladen County, and Granville County were combined to form Orange County. In 1758 the eastern part of Johnston County became Dobbs County. In 1770 parts of Johnston County, Cumberland County, and Orange County were combined to form Wake County. And in 1855 parts of Johnston County, Edgecombe County, Nash County, and Wayne County were combined to form Wilson County.

Johnston County is a member of the regional Triangle J Council of Governments.

These counties are connected to Johnston County:


These cities and towns are in Johnston County:



Felinae

The Felinae is a subfamily of the Felidae family. It includes small cats and a few medium-large cats, especially the cougar ("Puma concolor") and the cheetah ("Acinonyx jubatus").

There is now a precise classification for the living members of the subfamily based on genetic research. These genetic lineages have been identified:


The Quibbler

The Quibbler is a fictional magazine of the Harry Potter world. 
"The Quibbler" is written by Xenophilius Lovegood, father of Luna Lovegood. The magazine is meant to cause shock, and contains the strange opinions of Xenophilius. Luna believes in everything her father says and during the "Order of the Phoenix" she had lots of arguments with Hermione Granger about it.

"The Quibbler" often has articles about creatures that other characters believe to not exist. Because of Hermione, in "Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix", it published an interview between Rita Skeeter and Harry Potter. In this interview, Harry said that he had seen Lord Voldemort.

For most of "Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows", "The Quibbler" writes positive views on Harry, and tells people to support him. However, after Luna is taken by the "Death Eaters" (supporters of Voldemort), Xenophilius turns against Harry and begins posting wanted signs for him in "The Quibbler". When Harry visits him for information on the "Deathly Hallows", Xenophilius turns him in to the Death Eaters. Harry narrowly escapes.

Camera obscura

A camera obscura (plural "camerae obscurae" or "camera obscuras", from Latin , "dark chamber") is a darkened room with a small hole or lens at one side through which an image is projected onto a wall or table opposite the hole. Camera obscura is Latin for "dark chamber."

At its most basic, the camera obscura is a simple box (which may be room-sized) with a small hole in one side, (see pinhole camera for details on how to build one). Light from only one part of a scene will pass through the hole and strike a specific part of the back wall. (The projection can be made on paper on which an artist can copy the image.) As the pinhole is made smaller, the image gets sharper, but the light-sensitivity decreases. With this simple apparatus, the image is always upside-down. By using mirrors, as in the 18th century overhead version, it is also possible to project a "right-side-up" image.

The first mention and discovery of the principles behind the pinhole camera, a precursor to the camera obscura, belong to Mozi (470 BC to 390 BC), a Chinese philosopher and founder of Mohism. Later, Aristotle (384 to 322 BC) understood the optical principle of the pinhole camera. He viewed the crescent shape of a partially eclipsed sun projected on the ground through the holes in a sieve, and the gaps between leaves of a plane tree.

The first camera obscura was later built by an Iraqi scientist named Abu Ali Al-Hasan Ibn al-Haytham, born in Basra (965-1039 AD), known in the West as "Alhacen" or "Alhazen", who carried out practical experiments on optics in his "Book of Optics".

In his various experiments, Ibn Al-Haitham used the term “"al-Bayt al-Muẓlim"”(), translated in English as dark room. In the experiment he undertook, in order to establish that light travels in time and with speed, he says: “If "the hole was covered with a curtain and the curtain was taken off, the light traveling from the hole to the opposite wall will consume time.”" He reiterated the same experience when he established that light travels in straight lines. The most revealing experiment which indeed introduced the camera obscura was in his studies of the half-moon shape of the sun’s image during eclipses which he observed on the wall opposite a small hole made in the window shutters. In his famous essay "On the form of the Eclipse" ("Maqālah fī Sura al-Kosūf") () he commented on his observation "The "image of the sun at the time of the eclipse, unless it is total, demonstrates that when its light passes through a narrow, round hole and is cast on a plane opposite to the hole it takes on the form of a moon-sickle"”.

In his experiment of the sun light he extended his observation of the penetration of light through the pinhole to conclude that when the sun light reaches and penetrates the hole it makes a conic shape at the points meeting at the pinhole, forming later another conic shape reverse to the first one on the opposite wall in the dark room. This happens when sun light diverges from point “ﺍ” until it reaches an aperture “ﺏﺤ” and is projected through it onto a screen at the luminous spot “ﺩﻫ”. Since the distance between the aperture and the screen is insignificant in comparison to the distance between the aperture and the sun, the divergence of sunlight after going through the aperture should be insignificant. In other words, “ﺏﺤ” should be about equal to “ﺩﻫ”. However, it is observed to be much greater “ﻙﻁ” when the paths of the rays which form the extremities of “ﻙﻁ” are retraced in the reverse direction, it is found that they meet at a point outside the aperture and then diverge again toward the sun as illustrated in figure 1. This was indeed the first accurate description of the Camera Obscura phenomenon.
In camera terms, the light converges into the room through the hole transmitting with it the object(s) facing it. The object will appear in full colour but upside down on the projecting screen/wall opposite the hole inside the dark room. The explanation is that light travels in a straight line and when some of the rays reflected from a bright subject pass through the small hole in thin material they do not scatter but cross and reform as an upside down image on a flat white surface held parallel to the hole. Ib Al-Haitham established that the smaller the hole is, the clearer the picture is.

Although both the pinhole camera and camera obscura is credited to Ibn al-Haytham, the camera obscura was first described by Aristotle, who was the first to describe how an image is formed on the eye, using the camera obscura as an analogy. Alhazen states (in the Latin translation), and with respect to the camera obscura, "Et nos non inventimus ita", we did not invent this.

Some camera obscura have been built as tourist attractions, often taking the form of a large chamber within a high building that can be darkened so that a 'live' panorama of the world outside is projected onto a horizontal surface through a rotating lens. Although few now survive, examples can be found at the following locations:

There is also a portable example which Willett & Patteson tour around England and the world.




Camera obscura (disambiguation)

Camera obscura means "darkened chamber" to describe early devices for projecting an image on a screen, by use of a lens or a pinhole.

Camera obscura can also mean


Pinhole camera

A pinhole camera is a camera without a conventional glass lens. An extremely small hole in a thin material can create an image when all light rays from a scene go through a single point. In order to produce a reasonably clear image, the aperture has to be about 1/100th the distance to the screen, or less. The shutter of a pinhole camera usually consists of a hand operated flap of some light-proof material to cover and uncover the pinhole. 

A common use of a pinhole camera is to capture the movement of sunlight over a long period of time. This type of photography is called Solargraphy. 
Pinhole cameras require much longer exposure times than conventional cameras because of the small aperture; typical exposure times can range from 5 seconds to hours or days. 

The image may be projected on a translucent screen for real-time viewing (popular for viewing solar eclipses; see also camera obscura).

Like other cameras, pinhole cameras make the picture upside-down.

Very early in history (as far back as 500 B.C.), Greeks such as Aristotle and Euclid wrote on naturally-occurring rudimentary pinhole cameras, for example light may travel through the slits of wicker baskets and the crossing of leaves The ancient Greeks, however, believed that our eye emitted rays which enabled us to see. What enabled a much better understanding of the pinhole camera was the discovery that light enters the eye rather than leaving it. It was the 10th-century Muslim mathematician, astronomer and physicist Ibn al-Haytham who published this idea.


Shutter

Shutter could mean:

Windows:

Optical:

Acoustic:

Movies:

Other

Shutter (photography)

In photography, a shutter is the part of a camera that opens for a controlled period of time to let light in during taking a picture.

A shutter can also be used to allow pulses of light to pass outwards, as in a movie projector or signal lamp.

Camera shutters can be fitted in two positions:

Shutters immediately behind the lens were used in some cameras with limited lens interchangeability. Shutters in front of the lens were used in the early days of photography.


Movie projector

A movie projector is a machine that shows moving pictures by projecting them on a projection screen. Most of the optical and mechanical elements, except for the illumination and sound devices, are present in movie cameras. Many movie projectors use film and are called "film projectors". They are similar to slide projectors but with additional parts to keep the film moving at the correct speed.


List of craters on Puck

The following lists all of the craters on Puck. Puck is a moon of Uranus. Craters on Puck are named after spirits from European mythology.

Indigofera

Indigofera is a big genus of about 700 species of flowering plants. They mostly grow in tropical areas of the world. They were used to make Indigo dye.

Emmanuel College: Notre Dame Campus

The Emmanuel College: Notre Dame Campus is a Roman Catholic, secondary day school, located in Point Cook, a south-western suburb of Melbourne, Victoria, Australia. It a branch of one of Emmanuel College's education facilities.

In 2006, the plans for Emmanuel College and the future school initiated. Construction of the education facility began in 2007 and was completed before the school's opening, ready for the school's first year of education.

The school only teaches year sevens, but will expand to educating years seven to twelve by the year 2013. It was planned for the school to expand one year level each year, so when the year sevens of 2008 become year eights, the school will teach both years seven and eight, and so on until 2013 when it would have finished this process.

The Notre Dame Campus currently enlists an unknown number of staff.

The incumbent principal is Mr. Christopher Stock (BSc DipEd MEd B.Theol).

The VCE program will be implemented in 2012 at the Notre Dame Campus when it commences it's year 11 education.



Claudette Colbert

Claudette Colbert ( ; born Émilie Claudette Chauchoin; September 13, 1903 – July 30, 1996) was an American actress.

Colbert was famous for her light comedy as well as emotional drama. She became one of the biggest box-office stars of her time. In 1999, she was ranked as the 12th greatest female star of all time by the American Film Institute in their list AFI's 100 Years... 100 Stars. Colbert once said to an interviewer, "Audiences always sound like they're glad to see me, and I'm damned glad to see them."

Colbert was born on September 13, 1903, to Georges Cauchoin and his wife, the former Jeanne Loew. Her family emigrated to the United States and settled in New York City. She had one brother, Charles, who used the surname Wendling and went on to become his sister's agent. After her formal education ended, she enrolled in the , where she paid for her dramatic training by working in a dress shop. She made her Broadway debut in 1923 in the stage production of "The Wild Wescotts". It was during this event that she adopted the name Claudette Colbert. One of the brightest film stars to grace the screen was born Emilie Claudette Chauchoin on September 13, 1903, in Saint Mandé, France where her father owned a bakery at 57, rue de la République (now Avenue Général de Gaulle). The family moved to the United States when she was three years old. She began acting in high school and in 1923 appeared on the Broadway stage in a small part. Hooked, she gave up on her plans to be a fashion designer to instead pursue a career in acting. She made her first motion picture appearance in 1927, in "", a silent movie shot on location in Paramount Studios in New York, New York facilities. However, talking movies were taking over and two years later, Colbert appeared in her first talking movie, "", co-starring another newcomer, Edward G. Robinson. Her final appearance before the cameras was in a TV movie, (1987). She did, however, remain on the stage where she had returned in 1956, her first love. After a series of strokes, Claudette divided her time between New York and Barbados. On July 30, 1996, Claudette died in Speightstown,Barbados. She was 92 years old.

In 1930 Colbert signed a contract with Paramount Pictures, who were looking for stage actors who could handle dialog in the new "talkies" medium. Colbert's elegant, musical voice was one of her best assets. Some of her early hit movies were "Manslaughter" (1930) and "Honor Among Lovers" (1931), both with Fredric March, "The Smiling Lieutenant" (1931), with Maurice Chevalier and Miriam Hopkins, and "Torch Singer" (1933), with Ricardo Cortez and David Manners.

Colbert's career got a huge boost when Cecil B. DeMille cast her as the Roman empress Poppaea in his historical epic "The Sign of the Cross" (1932), opposite Fredric March and Charles Laughton (as Nero). In one of the most memorable scenes in movie history, Claudette bathes nude in a marble pool filled with asses' milk.

She worked again for DeMille and was dazzling as his "Cleopatra" (1934), opposite Warren William and Henry Wilcoxon. In 1934 she won an Academy Award for Best Actress for her role opposite Clark Gable in the Frank Capra classic screwball comedy "It Happened One Night", a movie she initially described as the "worst picture in the world". Her performance, however, proved to Hollywood that she was an expert comedienne. She initially balked at pulling up her skirt to entice a passing car to give her and Gable a ride in one famous scene, complaining that it was unladylike. However, upon seeing the chorus girl who was brought in as her body double, an outraged Colbert told the director, "Get her out of here. I'll do it. That's not my leg!" Colbert then starred in the original "Imitation of Life" (1934), opposite Warren William and Louise Beavers.

Claudette spent the rest of the 1930s deftly alternating between romantic comedies and dramas, and found success in both: "Private Worlds" (1935), with Charles Boyer; "She Married Her Boss" (1935), with Melvyn Douglas; "The Gilded Lily" (1935) and "The Bride Comes Home" (1935), both with Fred MacMurray; "Under Two Flags" (1936), with Ronald Colman; "Tovarich" (1937), again with Boyer; "Bluebeard's Eighth Wife" (1938), with Gary Cooper; "Zaza" (1939), with Herbert Marshall; "Midnight" (1939), with Don Ameche; "It's a Wonderful World" (1939), with James Stewart; and "Drums Along the Mohawk" (1939), with Henry Fonda.

In addition to Capra and DeMille, Colbert was working with the top directors in the industry: Dorothy Arzner, Ernst Lubitsch, Preston Sturges, Frank Lloyd, John M. Stahl, Wesley Ruggles, Gregory La Cava, Anatole Litvak, George Cukor, Mitchell Leisen, and John Ford.

Colbert believed that her face was difficult to light and photograph, and was obsessed with not showing her "bad" side, the right, to the camera, because of a small bump that resulted from a childhood broken nose.

From 1936 to 1944, she starred in numerous programs of Cecil B. DeMille's "Lux Radio Theater", which was one of the most popular dramatic radio shows at the time. In 1952, she returned to work in her native France where she stayed until 1955.

Apart from making two more Hollywood movies, she went back to Broadway in 1958 doing "The Marriage Go-Round" with Charles Boyer, earning a 1959 Tony Award nomination for her work. Also for her Chicago theatre work, in 1980 she won the . In 1984 she appeared with Rex Harrison in Frederick Lonsdale's "Aren't We All" at the Haymarket Theatre, London, and also the Brooks Atkinson Theatre on Broadway, presented by Douglas Urbanski. Ms. Colbert's last movie was "Parrish" in 1961. She acted in numerous Broadway plays for the next twenty years. In 1987, she did a television mini-series titled "" and was nominated for an Emmy Award for Outstanding Supporting Actress in a Mini-series or a Special. In 1988, she won the Golden Globe Award for Best Performance by an Actress in a Supporting Role in a Series, Mini-Series or Motion Picture made for TV. In 1989 she received the Kennedy Center Honors.

During her career, Claudette Colbert played in sixty-five movies. For her contribution to the motion picture industry, she was honoured with a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame.

Colbert married twice. Her first husband was Norman Foster, an actor and later a director, whom she married in 1928 and divorced in Mexico in 1935. According to the account of the divorce in the "New York Times", published on August 31, 1935, "Some secrecy surrounded the proceedings, for while Mr. Feldman [Colbert's agent] apparently was at liberty to tell of the divorce being granted, he said he could not tell where in Mexico it was obtained." The report further stated that "The Fosters created something of a sensation when they disclosed that they were trying to remain happily married while living in separate homes. But even this experiment apparently failed." Four months after her divorce, on December 24, 1935, Colbert married Dr. Joel J. Pressman, a throat specialist, who died in 1968; her former husband went on to marry the actress Sally Blane, a sister of Loretta Young.

When she retired from motion pictures, Colbert and her husband moved to Palm Springs where she operated a store for a time before moving to Barbados. The idea of moving to Barbados came to her following a visit to Noël Coward's house in Jamaica. At her home there, called Bellerive, she spent her later years as a hostess to the world's powerful and famous. Ronald Reagan was one of her guests during his presidency, as were , Kirk Douglas, Jack Benny, Rex Harrison, and Slim Keith. She had a small guest house built on the property for the honeymoon of Frank Sinatra and Mia Farrow.

Colbert died at her home in Barbados, following series of small strokes during the last two years of her life at the age of 92, and she was interred there in the Parish of St. Peter Cemetery along with her mother and husband. A requiem mass was held at St. Vincent Ferrer church in New York City later.

According to an article published in August 10, 1996 issue of the "Cincinnati Post", the childless Colbert left most of her estate, estimated at $3.5 million and including her Manhattan apartment and her home in Barbados, to a friend, Helen O'Hagan, a retired director of corporate relations at Saks Fifth Avenue, whom Colbert had met in 1961 on the set of "Parrish", the actress's last movie. Bellerive was later bought by David Geffen.

After Colbert's death, rumors about the actress's purported lesbian relationships, including supposed affairs with Marlene Dietrich and Greta Garbo, began to circulate in the international media. In response, Colbert's friend Helen O'Hagan told the "New York Daily News" that the actress barely knew Dietrich or Garbo and that Colbert was "a man's lady". The purported Colbert-Dietrich relationship also was explored in the 2001 book "Behind the Screen: How Gays and Lesbians Shaped Hollywood, 1910-1969" by William J. Mann, a movie historian.








Yekaterinburg

Yekaterinburg (formerly named Sverdlovsk) is a big city in the Ural mountains in the Asian part of Russia. It is the administrative center of Sverdlovsk Oblast. It has a population of 1,483,119 people. The city was started in 1723 by Vasily Tatischev and named after empress Catherine I who was the Peter the Great’s wife.

Yekaterinburg is a sister city of


Collingwood, Victoria

Collingwood is a suburb in Melbourne, Australia. It was named after Baron Cuthbert Collingwood (1748 - 1810), an admiral of the Royal Navy.

The Collingwood Football Club was originally based in Collingwood, but has since moved to the Lexus Centre.

George M. Dallas

George Mifflin Dallas (July 10, 1792 – December 31, 1864) was an American politician and diplomat. He was the 11th vice president of the United States from 1845 to 1849, under James K. Polk. Before becoming vice president, he was a senator from Pennsylvania and the mayor of Philadelphia.

Dallas was born in Philadelphia and graduated from the College of New Jersey (now the Princeton University) in 1810.

Dallas was born in Philadelphia on July 10, 1792. His parents were Alexander James Dallas and Arabella Maria Smith Dallas. His father was the Secretary of the Treasury under United States President James Madison, and was also briefly the Secretary of War. George Dallas was given his middle name after Thomas Mifflin. Mifflin was another politician who was good friends with his father.

Dallas was the second of six children. One of his brothers, Alexander, would become the commander of Pensacola Navy Yard. He was taught privately at Quaker-run preparatory schools, before studying at the College of New Jersey (now Princeton University). He graduated with highest honors in 1810. While at College, he did several activities, including the American Whig–Cliosophic Society. He studied law in his father's office, and he was admitted to the bar in 1813.

As a new graduate, Dallas did not want to become a lawyer; he wanted to fight in the War of 1812. He gave up on that plan after his father said no. Just after this, Dallas became the private secretary of Albert Gallatin. He went to Russia with Gallatin, who was sent there to try to get it to help with peace negotiations between Great Britain and the United States. Dallas liked the opportunities he got by being in Russia, but after six months there he was told to go to London to find out whether the War of 1812 could be ended by talking. In August 1814, he arrived in Washington, D.C. and delivered a draft of Britain's peace terms. There, James Madison made him the remitter of the treasury. Since the job did not have a big workload, Dallas found time to work on understanding politics. He later became the counsel to the Second Bank of the United States. In 1817, Dallas's father died, ending Dallas's plan for a family law practice. He then stopped working for the Second Bank of the United States and became the deputy attorney general of Philadelphia, which lasted until 1820.

After the War of 1812, Pennsylvania's political climate was chaotic. There were two factions in that state's Democratic party vying for control. Dallas led the Philadelphia-based "Family party". The other faction was called the "Amalgamators", and it was led by future President James Buchanan.

Voters elected Dallas mayor of Philadelphia as the candidate of the Family party, after the party gained control of the city councils. However, he quickly got bored of being the mayor. He became the United States attorney for the eastern district of Pennsylvania in 1829, and continued in that role until 1831. In December of that year, he won a contest in the state legislature, that enabled him to become the Senator from Pennsylvania in order to complete the unexpired term of the previous senator who had resigned.

Dallas served from 13 December 1831 to 3 March 1833. He was chairman of the Committee on Naval Affairs. Dallas did not try to get re-elected, due to both a fight over the Second Bank of the United States, and because his wife did not want to leave Philadelphia to move to Washington.

Dallas went back to his law career, and was attorney general of Pennsylvania from 1833 to 1835. He was initiated to the Scottish Rite Freemasonry at the Franklin Lodge #134, Pennsylvania, and served as the Grand Master of Freemasons in Pennsylvania in 1835. Dallas was offered the role of Attorney General, but did not take it, and went back to being a lawyer. In the lead-up to the 1844 presidential election, Dallas helped Van Buren get the Democratic nomination instead of Dallas's fellow Pennsylvanian, James Buchanan.

At the 1844 Democratic National Convention in Baltimore, James K. Polk and Silas Wright were nominated. However, Wright did not want to be vice president, and Dallas was picked as his replacement. Dallas was not at the convention. He was woken up at his home by people from the convention who went to Philadelphia to tell him the news. Dallas accepted the nomination. The Democrats won the election with an electoral vote of 170 out of 275.

Dallas decided to use his position to lower tariffs and make the country bigger. Dallas used to support the tariff policy that his state's coal and iron companies wanted. But as vice president, he agreed to do anything necessary to realize that goal. Dallas thought that the vice president's power to break tied votes in the Senate was similar to the president's power to veto acts of Congress. At the end of his term, Dallas said that he had cast thirty tie-breaking votes during his four years in office. Dallas talked about this achievement in his farewell address to the Senate. However, Dallas wanted to avoid having to break a tied vote on the tariff issue, and lobbied senators during the debate over Treasury Secretary Walker's tariff bill in the summer of 1846.

Despite Dallas's efforts to avoid taking a stand, the Senate completed its voting on the Walker Tariff with a 27-to-27 tie. (A twenty-eighth vote in favor was held in reserve by a senator who opposed the measure but agreed to follow the instructions of his state legislature to support it.) When he voted for the tariff on July 28, 1846, Dallas said that he had studied the Senate support and concluded that all regions of the country had people who liked the bill. Additionally, the measure had overwhelmingly passed the House of Representatives. While the vote earned Dallas the respect of the president and certain party leaders from the southern and western states that supported low tariffs, it destroyed his home state political base.

While Dallas's tariff vote destroyed him in Pennsylvania, his aggressive views on Oregon and the Mexican War ruined his campaign efforts elsewhere in the nation. He shifted his attention to the aggressive, expansionist foreign policy program embodied in the concept of "Manifest Destiny" to get more votes. He actively supported efforts to gain control of Texas, the Southwest, Cuba, and disputed portions of the Oregon territory.

Dallas was important in the Senate, where he worked to support Polk and cast several tie-breaking votes. Dallas called for the annexation of all of the Oregon Territory and all of Mexico during the Mexican–American War, but accepted compromises that gave the United States parts of both areas. Though Dallas could not stop Polk from appointing Buchanan as Secretary of State, he helped convince Polk to appoint Robert J. Walker as Secretary of the Treasury. As vice president, Dallas tried to make himself a potential candidate for president in the 1848 election. However, his tie-breaking vote to lower a tariff destroyed much of his base in Pennsylvania, and his advocacy of popular sovereignty for slavery made more opposition against him.

In 1856, Franklin Pierce appointed Dallas minister to Great Britain, and he served as the minister until Abraham Lincoln appointed Charles F. Adams. When he started his service in England, he was called to work on the Central American question and the request made by the United States that Sir John Crampton, the British minister to the United States, should be recalled. At the end of his diplomatic career, Dallas returned to private life. He stopped getting involved in public affairs, except to condemn the Confederacy.

Dallas returned to Philadelphia, where he lived until his death from a heart attack on Saturday, December 31, 1864. He was 72 when he died.

William R. King

William Rufus deVane King (April 7, 1786 – April 18, 1853) was a U.S. representative from North Carolina, a senator from Alabama, and the thirteenth vice president of the United States. Excluding John Tyler and Andrew Johnson — both of whom ascended to the presidency — he was the shortest-serving person to occupy that office (45 days, "see List of vice presidents of the United States by time in office").

Harnett County, North Carolina

Harnett County is a county in the state of North Carolina, United States. In 2020, 133,568 people lived there. Its county seat is Lillington.

The county was made in 1855 from Cumberland County. It was named for Cornelius Harnett.

Harnett County is a member of the Mid-Carolina Council of Governments.


These cities and towns are in Harnett County:


Chatham County, North Carolina

Chatham County is a county in the U.S. state of North Carolina. In 2020, 76,285 people lived there. Its county seat is Pittsboro.

The county was made in 1771 from Orange County.

In 1907 parts of Chatham County and Moore County were combined to form Lee County.

Chatham County is part of the regional Triangle J Council of Governments.

Chatham County has its own public school system for grades kindergarten to 12. Central Carolina Community College also has two campuses in the county.

Chatham County has the only coal mines in North Carolina. Coal mining used to be very important to the county, but in the 1920s a bad accident in one of the mines killed many workers. By the 1940s all the mines had closed. Some people have tried to open the mines back up, but the mines are too dangerous. Right now none of the mines are open.

Many builders are building new houses in Chatham County right now. Some people in the county do not like this because they do not want Chatham County to have a lot of people. A lot of people want to live in Chatham County because they do not have to pay as much tax as people in other North Carolina counties do. But other people think it is good that a lot of people want to live in the county because then the county will make more money from taxes.


These cities and towns are in Chatham County:

These are the most important roads in Chatham County:


Carteret County, North Carolina

Carteret County is a county in the U.S. state of North Carolina. In 2020, 67,686 people lived there. Its county seat is Beaufort. Most of the county is part of the Crystal Coast.

Carteret County is part of the Eastern Carolina Council of Governments.


These cities and towns are in Carteret County:

The county has its own public school system called Carteret County Schools.


Doctor (Doctor Who)

The Doctor is the central character in the long-running BBC science fiction television series "Doctor Who". 

They are an alien, a "Time Lord" from the planet Gallifrey. The Doctor travels in their space-time-ship, the TARDIS, (Time And Relative Dimensions In Space) with which they can go anywhere in time and space. Because the TARDIS's "chameleon circuit" is broken, it looks like an old British police-call box permanently. The Doctor often takes other people with them, who are usually called "companions" or "assistants". The companions are always 21st century humans in the modern series, however the classic series often had human-looking aliens or people from the past or future. The most recent companion is Ruby Sunday.

The Doctor did not want to stay on Gallifrey any longer, so he "borrowed" an old Type 40 TARDIS. In the TARDIS he and his granddaughter Susan Foreman left their home planet Gallifrey. They stayed for a time on Earth in the 1960s, where Susan also went to school. Her teachers, Barbara Wright and Ian Chesterton, discovered the TARDIS. They traveled for a while with the Doctor, and returned to Earth two years later. After them the Doctor often took other people with him on his travels.

As a Gallifreyan the Doctor looks like a human on the surface, but there are differences. One well-known difference is that The doctor has two hearts. As a Time Lord the Doctor can also "regenerate", if doctor whos body is badly hurt and the doctor dies. During the "regeneration", the body is healed and renewed, which includes a different appearance and personality. The regenerated person is the same person, with the same memories and basic personality traits; but the person also looks different and a changed personality. Because of this the Doctor could be played by different actors. This made it possible for the series to be filmed over a time of nearly fifty years without having to actually "change" the character.

Up until now, the Doctor has regenerated Fifteen times, Regeneration can be controlled, but is usually decided without the doctor knowing his or her next face.

The Doctor has been played by other actors in other media, in theatre plays, parodies, etc. But these are not officially part of the "Doctor Who" storyline. Notable among them are:


Roger Penrose

Sir Roger Penrose Kt OM FRS (born 8 August 1931) is an English mathematical physicist. He is Emeritus Rouse Ball Professor of Mathematics at the University of Oxford and emeritus fellow of Wadham College.

Penrose won the Nobel Prize in Physics, jointly, in 2020. Previously he had won the 1988 Wolf Prize in Physics, which he shared with Stephen Hawking for the Penrose–Hawking singularity theorems.

He is renowned for his work in astrophysics with Stephen Hawking, in particular his contributions to general relativity and cosmology. He is also a recreational mathematician and philosopher.

Roger Penrose is the brother of mathematician Oliver Penrose and chess grandmaster Jonathan Penrose. His sister, now Shirley Hodgson, is a notable geneticist. He was born in Colchester, Essex, England. He was awarded the Copley Medal in 2008. 

In 2020, he shared the Nobel Prize in Physics with Reinhard Genzel and Andrea M. Ghez.


Arthur (TV series)

Arthur is a animated television series that aired on PBS Kids in the United States. The main age range for this series is 4 to 8. It is based on the "Arthur" book series that is written and illustrated by Marc Brown. The series has 253 episodes (including specials) made from October 1996 to February 2022. The show has 25 seasons on PBS Kids.





Langur

The Gray langur or Hanuman langur (Semnopithecus) is a genus of colobine monkey. They are found in southeast Asia. The word "langur" means 'having a long tail'. It is commonly called the leaf monkey. They usually live in small groups of between 2 and 10 individuals. They mainly eat leaves, as well as some fruit. Langur spend most of their time in trees. They have white fur and black faces. They are considered sacred animals therefore the "National social mammal of India".

WWE Raw

WWE Raw is the Monday night professional wrestling television program, made by WWE in 1993. "WWE Raw" is usually seen as WWE's flagship program over its sister programs, "WWE SmackDown", "WWE NXT" and WWE Main Event, due to its longer history and the way it is promoted.

Starting as "WWF Monday Night Raw", the program first started on January 11, 1993 on the USA Network for one hour. The original "Raw" broke new ground in televised professional wrestling. Traditionally, wrestling shows were taped on sound stages with small viewers or at big arena shows. The "Raw" formula was very different than that of its predecessor, "Prime Time Wrestling". Instead of taped matches, with studio voice overs and taped chat, "Raw" was a show shot to a live viewers, with angles as they happened. The first episode had Yokozuna winning against Koko B. Ware, The Steiner Brothers winning against The Executioners, WWF Intercontinental Champion Shawn Michaels winning against Max Moon and The Undertaker winning against Damien Demento. The show also featured an interview with Razor Ramon.

"Raw" came from the Grand Ballroom at Manhattan Center Studios, a small New York City theater and played live each week. The combination of an intimate venue and live action proved highly successful. However, the weekly live schedule proved to be a financial drain on the WWF, and taped shows began airing every other week. From early 1994 to September 1999, "Raw" was shown live on one Monday and then the next day (Tuesday) next Monday's "Raw" was taped. This meant that "Raw" was live one week and taped the next.

The storylines and characters during the early years of "Raw" still had a healthy dose of the old Federation "gimmick-heavy" style. For example, there were moments such as Irwin R. Schyster tearing up Tatanka's headdress, the different "Undertaker sightings" (during the Undertaker vs. Undertaker storyline, leading up to SummerSlam 1994); and characters like Duke "The Dumpster" Droese, Doink the Clown, or Thurman "Sparky" Plugg.

"Raw" was also one of a kind, in which they covered the unexpected, exciting moments, a prelude to the "Attitude Era", in which it coined "Raw" as "Uncut, Uncensored, Uncooked." Some of those moments are Razor Ramon losing a match unexpectedly to Sean "The 1-2-3 Kid" Waltman, who was later known as X-Pac, Marty Jannetty beating Shawn Michaels to win the WWF Intercontinental Championship, and "Raw" was the first WWF television program of any kind to show footage of Lex Luger bodyslamming Yokozuna at the "USS Intrepid".

The first hosts of "Raw" were Vince McMahon, Rob Bartlett and "Macho Man" Randy Savage. Sean Mooney conducted the interviews and Bobby "The Brain" Heenan also helped contribute. In March 1993, Rob Bartlett was dropped from the broadcasting team and was replaced by Bobby Heenan. Then on December 6, 1993, Gorilla Monsoon kicked Bobby Heenan out of the WWF forever. In reality, this was a storyline between Monsoon and his close friend Heenan, who decided to leave the World Wrestling Federation in order to lighten his travel schedule and because he did not want to take a 50% paycut. After about a year, "Raw" moved out of the Manhattan Center and traveled to various regular Federation venues in the United States.

In 1995, World Championship Wrestling (WCW) began showing its new wrestling show, "Monday Nitro", live each week on TNT. "Raw" and "Nitro" went head-to-head for the first time on September 11, 1995. Due to "Raw"'s taping schedule on several occasions, WCW Vice President Eric Bischoff, who was also an on-air personality, would often give away the results of WWF's taped "Raw" shows on the live WCW show. Some fans also looked at "Raw" taping results on the steadily-growing Internet; as a result, this caused the ratings of the taped "Raw" episodes to be lower.

"WWF Raw" had a live broadcast every other week to save costs, until September 1999, when ratings and pay-per-view buy rates had grow, allowing them to justify doing a weekly live show.

At the start of the ratings war in 1995 through to mid-1996, "Raw" and "Nitro" exchanged victories over each over in a closely contested rivalry. Beginning in mid-1996, however, thanks primarily to the nWo angle, "Monday Nitro" started a ratings win-streak that lasted for eighty-three continuous weeks, ending on April 13, 1998.

On February 3, 1997, "Monday Night Raw" went to a two hour format, as the Attitude Era was starting to come in full stream in the WWF. In an attempt to break the momentum of what had turned into ratings domination by WCW's competing "Monday Nitro", Extreme Championship Wrestling (ECW) was brought in as Jerry Lawler "challenged" ECW on February 17, 1997. In an episode where "Raw" returned to the Manhattan Center, the "challenge" answered on the following week's show with Taz, Mikey Whipwreck, Sabu, Tommy Dreamer, D-Von Dudley, and the Sandman. ECW owner Paul Heyman did a call-in interview on "Raw" the week after that.

During 1997, there were more and more controversial elements in "Raw" and WWF programming such as the Nation of Domination, and the D-Generation X "racial graffiti" storyline designed to "implicate Bret Hart's 'the Hart Foundation'", and the "XXX Files" series.

On March 10, 1997, "Monday Night Raw" officially became "Raw is War". The March 17, 1997 episode featured a heated Bret Hart/Vince McMahon ringside altercation (that unknowingly foreshadowed events in November) with profanity normally unheard on TV. Brian Pillman did a series of "XXX Files" segments with Terri Runnels, which further "pushed the envelope". These segments ended prematurely with the September 29, 1997 episode of "Raw", after the death of Pillman on October 5, 1997 due to hereditary heart problems.

After WrestleMania XIV in March 1998, the WWF regained the lead in the Monday Night Wars with its new "WWF Attitude" brand, led in particular by rising stars Steve Austin, The Rock and Mankind. The classic feud between the villainous WWF Chairman Vince McMahon (who was re-imagined and re-branded from the color commentator into the evil company chairman character Mr. McMahon after the real-life Montreal Screwjob incident) and fan favorite Steve Austin (who had been released by Bischoff in the summer of 1995 for not being marketable) caught the imaginations of fans. The April 13, 1998 episode of "Raw", headlined by a match between Austin and McMahon, marked the first time that WCW had lost the head-to-head Monday night ratings battle in the 84 weeks since 1996.

While "Raw" was taking a new approach to programming, "Nitro" would start making lackluster shows with the same storylines. Older stars such as Hogan and Nash frequented the main events, while younger talent such as Chris Jericho, Chris Benoit and Eddie Guerrero were not given opportunities to advance, and the only newcomer elevated to main-event status at this time was Bill Goldberg.

Meanwhile, on "Raw", fans were immersed in the feud between WWF owner Vince McMahon and "Stone Cold" Steve Austin. New talent such as Triple H and his D-Generation X faction, Mankind and The Rock were elevated to main event status on the WWF's program. Superstars such as Kane, Val Venis, Goldust, etc. were coming through the ranks and exposing the WWF as the place where new talent comes through unlike the WCW counterpart. Things were so heated between the two programs that, when both shows were in the same area on the same night ("Raw" in Hampton, Virginia, "Nitro" in Norfolk), D-X was sent to film a "war" segment at the Norfolk Scope where they berated WCW and interviewed fans on camera who stated that they received their "Nitro" tickets for free (presumably in an attempt by WCW to pack the arena as full as possible due to low ticket sales).

On January 4, 1999. Mick Foley, who had wrestled for WCW in the early 1990s as Cactus Jack, won the WWF Title as Mankind on "Raw". On orders from Bischoff, "Nitro" announcer Tony Schiavone gave away this previously taped result on the live "Nitro", and then sarcastically added ""that'll sure put some butts in the seats""; over 600,000 viewers changed channels to watch "Raw". This was also the night that "Nitro" aired a WCW World Championship match in which Kevin Nash blatantly laid down for Hulk Hogan after Hogan poked him in the chest. The next week, and for months after, many fans in the "Raw" audience brought signs which read, ""Mick Foley put my ass in this seat!""

A new television contract with Viacom led to a WWF change in the broadcast. On September 25, 2000, "Raw" moved from the USA Network to TNN (which later became Spike TV).

WCW's sharp decrease in revenue and ratings led to Time Warner's sale of the company to the WWF in 2001. The last version of "Nitro" was shown on March 26, 2001. The show began with Vince McMahon making a short statement about his recent purchase of WCW and ended with a simulcast on "Raw" on TNN with an appearance by Vince's son Shane McMahon on "Nitro". Shane interrupted his father's gloating over the WCW purchase to explain that Shane was the one who actually owned WCW, setting up what become the WWF's "Invasion" storyline.

The "Raw is War" logo and name were retired in September 2001, following the September 11, 2001 attacks and sensitivity over the word "war". It also symbolized that professional wrestling's "Monday Night Wars" were over.

In early to mid-2002, WWE had a process they called the "Brand Extension". WWE divided itself into two "de facto" wrestling promotions with separate rosters, storylines and authority figures. Raw and SmackDown! would host each division, give its name to the division and essentially compete against each other. The split was a result of WWF purchasing their two biggest competitors, WCW and ECW. The brand extension was publicly announced during a telecast of "WWF Raw" on March 25, 2002, and became official the next day.

Wrestlers now would become show-exclusive, wrestling for their specific show only. At the time this excluded the WWE Undisputed Championship and WWE Women's Championship, as those WWE titles would be defended on both shows. In August 2002, WWE Undisputed Champion Brock Lesnar did not want to defend the title on "Raw", in effect causing his title to become exclusive to "SmackDown!" The following week on Raw, General Manager Eric Bischoff awarded a newly instated World Heavyweight Championship to Raw's designated #1 contender, Triple H. Due to the fact that since the WWE Undisputed Championship was now SmackDown! exclusive it was no longer seen as "undisputed". Following this, the WWE Women's Championship soon became Raw-exclusive as well. As a result of the Brand Extension, an annual "draft lottery" was instituted to exchange members of each roster and generally refresh the lineups.

"WWE Raw" said they have earned the distinction of having the most original episodes of any fictional weekly program on August 2, 2005 when it broadcast the 636th episode. It was said to have took the place of "Gunsmoke", which held that distinction. However, under the criteria WWE used to make this claim, the actual record would be held by the show "Georgia Championship Wrestling", which ran continuously on Saturday evenings on TBS between 1972 and 1984.

On March 10, 2005, Viacom and WWE decided not to go on with the agreement with Spike TV, making it so "Raw" and other WWE programs on the network would cease when their deal expired in September 2005. On April 4, 2005, WWE announced a 3-year deal with NBC Universal to bring "Raw" back to its old home, the USA Network, with 2 yearly specials on NBC and a Spanish "Raw" on Telemundo. On the same week as "Raw"<nowiki>'</nowiki>s restart on USA, Spike TV scheduled Ultimate Fighting Championship's live "Ultimate Fight Night" in "Raw"<nowiki>'</nowiki>s old timeslot in a try to go head-to-head with "Raw".

The show's first night back on USA was billed as the "WWE Homecoming" and featured the return of former WWE Champions such as Hulk Hogan, Steve Austin, Mick Foley, Triple H and Vince McMahon along with cameos from legends such as Roddy Piper, Jimmy Hart, Jimmy Snuka and Harley Race. WWE Homecoming was three hours long — the longest an episode of "Raw" has ever run in its 12-year history. USA also showed "Raw Exposed", an hour of the best moments of "Raw" during its previous run on USA. WWE announced that "Raw" got its highest ratings in three years, gaining close to six million viewers.

The following week, Vince McMahon fired Jim Ross for not helping after Steve Austin gave him and his entire family the Stone Cold Stunner. Jonathan Coachman, the second analyst at the table, took over Ross's duties as play-by-play for two weeks until former ECW announcer Joey Styles was hired.

On the May 1, 2006 version of "Raw", Joey Styles said he was quitting (kayfabe). His vacating of the announcer position set the stage for Jim Ross to return to Raw's commentary booth, thus ending the storyline where Ross got fired by Linda McMahon. This freed Styles to become a commentator for the ECW brand when it launched in June.

In Canada, after an 11-year run on TSN, "Raw" moved to rival sports broadcaster The Score after it was announced that TSN would be carrying "Monday Night Football"' for the 2006 season. This also meant that Canadian viewers would be watching via tape-delay, as The Score did not broadcast "Raw" live at first, but in 2007, started airing the show live.

During the September 25, 2006 episode of "Raw" in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, the opening of "Raw" suffered a blackout. Spotlights were the only lights running in the house. Power in the presentation was later back. Another similar moment happened back on May 26, 1996 in Florence, South Carolina for WWF , when a major thunderstorm hit the Florence Civic Center causing major chaos for the PPV. That Tuesday, returned to North Charleston, South Carolina to finish out three matches that were not shown because of the lost power feed.

On October 9, 2006, "Raw" held a three hour season start called the "Raw Family Reunion", where the Raw brand had a new logo and theme song, Papa Roach's ""...To Be Loved"". The episode also featured talent from the SmackDown! and ECW brands. Later that month, on October 23 "Raw" aired its 700th episode, making it the longest running weekly entertainment show, without a hiatus, in television history.

On June 25, 2007, "Raw" was scheduled in Corpus Christi, Texas to be a three-hour special memorial show for the (kayfabe) death of the Mr. McMahon character after he had been presumed dead in a limo explosion. The event was canceled due to the real death of Chris Benoit and his family earlier that day, with a three-hour Chris Benoit memorial show being shown instead. This was the first time that "Raw" had been shown with no viewers and had Vince McMahon breaking kayfabe to address the viewers at home. The show had extracts from the DVD , showing some of Benoit's most memorable matches, along with comments from some of Benoit's colleagues. However, when the facts of Benoit's death came to light, WWE pulled this episode from international markets which aired "Raw" on a tape delay basis. Several channels announced the episode was being withheld for legal reasons. A substitute "Raw", hosted by Todd Grisham from WWE Studios, was created featuring recaps of big-time championship changes of the past year. The episode started with a message from Vince McMahon which originally aired on the edition of June 26 of "ECW".
John Cena's 380 day championship reign was ended due to injury by Randy Orton on the October 1 episode of Raw. Orton won the title that Sunday at No Mercy.

On December 10, 2007 "Raw" celebrated its 15th anniversary in a three-hour spectacular on the USA Network with the returns of Stone Cold Steve Austin, Rob Van Dam, The Godfather, Steve Blackman, Howard Finkel, Ted DiBiase, Eric Bischoff, Marty Jannetty, Gangrel, Trish Stratus, Lita, Sunny, Hulk Hogan and Mick Foley (as Mankind) among others. Along with several reunions of former tag teams and also included a 15-man "15 Years of Raw" battle royal. The RAW XV: 15th Anniversary DVD was also sold that had the best moments in Raw history.

In April 2008 as part of the United States presidential election, candidates Barack Obama, John McCain and Hillary Rodham Clinton presented special messages on W.W.E. Raw. The show was watched by an estimated 4.97 million viewers, of which there were 1.45 million viewers who were men aged 18 to 34: an important group of voters the candidates were trying to talk to.

In 2009, at No Way Out that February 15, Edge won the World Heavyweight Championship in Raw's Elimination Chamber match, thus making it a SmackDown exclusive title and giving SmackDown two top tier championships. As a result of the 2009 WWE Draft in April, WWE Champion Triple H was drafted to the Raw brand, while the World Heavyweight Championship moved to the Raw brand after Edge lost the title to John Cena at WrestleMania XXV. SmackDown would regain the World Heavyweight Championship at Backlash (2009) when Edge defeated John Cena to win the championship. In addition, SmackDown and Raw would exchange both women-exclusive championships with Raw gaining the WWE Divas Championship and SmackDown gaining the WWE Women's Championship. Also, SmackDown and Raw exchanged the WWE Intercontinental Championship which is now exclusive to SmackDown and the WWE United States Championship which is exclusive to Raw Brand, for the first time ever.

On June 15, 2009, McMahon announced on a special three-hour edition of Raw that he had "sold" the WWE Raw franchise to Donald Trump, who appeared on-screen to confirm it and declared he would be at the following commercial-free episode in person. WWE issued a press release on the scripted sale while the USA Network later issued a statement confirming the "sale" as part of a storyline. The statement was issued in response to multiple news sources having mistakenly reported the event as legitimate. Due to the mistake, on the day following the announcement, WWE's stock on the New York Stock Exchange notably fell. Despite USA Network's acknowledgment that the sale was fictional, Randy Katz, a securities lawyer with Baker & Hostetler, commented on the Fox Business Network that a probe by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission against WWE and USA Network owner General Electric "certainly is a possibility. The next week, Vince McMahon repurchased Raw from Donald Trump and announced that a "Guest host" initiative originally introduced by Trump in response to the position of General Manager being vacant would go in effect on June 29. Each weekly guest host is usually either a WWE Hall of Famer, a former or returning talent, or other celebrity. The guest host or hostess assumes the role of a brand General Manager, serving as Raw's authority figure for the day. The following year, it was announced that with Vickie Guerrero (and subsequently Bret Hart) becoming the new full-time GM, the guest hosts (while continuing to appear) would no longer have booking power.

In 2010, TNA IMPACT!, which normally airs on Thursdays, would go head to head with Raw in a three-hour live broadcast. This would be the first time since March 2001 that two major wrestling promotions would go head-to-head in a Monday night ratings competition. TNA promoted the debut of Hulk Hogan leading to the broadcast. WWE countered by announcing the return of Bret Hart, who had not appeared with the company since the Montreal Screwjob in 1997. The ratings showed that, much like the first Monday Night War, Raw came out on top, averaging 5.6 million viewers while iMPACT! averaged 2.2 million viewers.[25]

On March 8, 2010, Impact! permanently moved to Monday nights to compete head-to-head with Raw. After declining ratings, Spike executives announced that starting April 5, Impact! would air an hour earlier than Raw. After scoring its lowest ever rating at 0.5, it was announced May 3 that Impact! would be moving back to its original time on Thursdays starting May 13.[28] Since then on April 19, 2010, many of the WWE Raw superstars were stranded in Belfast due to the ash cloud from Eyjafjallajökull (a volcano in Iceland) hovering over most of Europe and causing many flights to be put on hold. Former ring announcer Lilian Garcia announced that night while the SmackDown roster took part in production of the Raw episode. The following month on May 17, 2010, Raw aired its second overall commercial free episode from the Air Canada Centre in Toronto, Ontario.

That summer on August 30, 2010, Raw aired its 900th episode, SmackDown superstars and NXT rookies also appeared on this milestone episode. It featured The Undertaker vs Bret Hart for the first time in almost 14 years. That November, Raw went "Old School" for one night with the old ring and titantron designs. This episode featured WWE Legends Hacksaw Jim Duggan, Mae Young, Million Dollar Man, Ron Simmons, The Iron Sheik and many more. Mark Henry briefly returned to his "Sexual Chocolate" gimmick in honor of Raw going "Old School".

On February 14, 2011, The Rock returned to WWE as he was announced as the host for WrestleMania 27. On the April 6 episode of Raw following WrestleMania 27, Rock and Cena agreed to a match at WrestleMania 28. On June 27, CM Punk was suspended after he cut a shoot promo on Raw mocking Vince McMahon, Hulk Hogan, The Rock and taking stabs at WWE management. At Money in the Bank, CM Punk left WWE with the WWE Championship and Raw held a tournament for a new champion won by John Cena. CM Punk returned. Triple H became COO of WWE and began operating day-to-day operations. At SummerSlam the titles were unified. On the August 29 episode of Raw, Triple H announced that talent from SmackDown could appear on Raw and Raw talent could appear on SmackDown, thus ending the Brand Extension. The Miz and R-Truth were fired and chaos happened at Hell in a Cell and on Raw, resulting in Triple H no longer being able to operate Raw due to the vast majority of the roster walking out. John Laurainitis became GM. CM Punk won the WWE Championship at Survivor Series beginning an epic reign.

On January 2, 2012 Chris Jericho returned to WWE and promised to win the Royal Rumble which he did not. Brock Lesnar and Lord Tensai returned to Raw on the April 2 episode. On July 23, Raw celebrated its 1000th episode. Starting on September 17, Raw along with the rest of WWE programming had a pink rope in the middle of the ring to promote breast cancer until October 29. On the November 19 episode of Raw, CM Punk celebrated 365 days as WWE Champion.

On the January 7, 2013 episode of Raw, The Rock came back again. On January 14, Raw celebrated 20 years. CM Punk's championship reign was ended at Royal Rumble at 434 days. On the March 4 episode of Raw they went "Old School" for the second time. The following episode of Raw was a tribute to the late Paul Bearer, The Undertaker and Kane led the tribute but were twice interrupted by Undertaker's WrestleMania 29 opponent, CM Punk.

As of 2008, "Raw" is shown live on Monday evenings on the USA Network (in the USA), The Score in Canada and on Sky Sports 3 in Great Britain, though it is sometimes taped and placed on a broadcast delay depending on what circumstances dictate. The theme song for the Raw brand is ""Burn It to the Ground"" by Nickelback since November 16, 2009. Before that the theme song was ""...To Be Loved"" by Papa Roach, which used from October 9, 2006 to November 9, 2009.

Since March 10, 1997, broadcasts of "Raw" were split into two hours and given hourly names for television ratings purposes, with the first hour being referred to as "Raw is War" and the second as "War Zone" by the show's on-screen graphics. However, as of October 1, 2001, the first hour has been referred to as "Raw" and the second as "Raw Zone" by the show's on-screen graphics.

On January 7, 2008, WWE said that all 3 brands (RAW, SmackDown!, and ECW) would be broadcast in HD, codenamed "WWE HD" starting with RAW on January 21. WWE invested about $20 million on new recording and broadcasting equipment to prepare for the move, as well as new pyrotechnics and lighting. The move replaced the RAW, SmackDown!, and ECW sets with a new state of the art set shared by all brands.

The show currently starts live on USA Network (and on tape delay Wednesdays on mun2, and Sundays on Telemundo (in Spanish)) in the United States, and in the United Kingdom and Republic of Ireland on Sky Sports 3. It also currently broadcasts in Canada on Sportsnet 360 and Global Quebec, in Australia on FOX8, in Portugal on SIC Radical,in Italy on Sky Italia in Finland on MTV3 MAX, in Malaysia on Astro Super Sport, in New Zealand on The Box, in Greece on Supersport 3, in India and Pakistan on Ten Sports, in the Philippines on Jack TV and Solar TV, in Chile on Chilevisión, in Mexico on 52MX, in Bulgaria on GTV, in Panama on RPC Canal 4, in Peru on ATV, in Saudi Arabia and Middle east on ART SPORT, in Romania on TV Sport, in Serbia on FOX Televizija, in South Korea on XTM, in Spain on Cuatro TV, in France on NT1 and RTL9, in Brazil on SBT, in Argentina on Canal 9 (Argentina) and on AFN Xtra. "Raw" is also currently being aired on Etv in South Africa. It airs on "Canal VTV" in El Salvador and on "Premiere" in Germany and in Honduras on "Canal 5". Sometimes, "Raw" is started on same-day tape delay when WWE is on an overseas tours.

WWE Raw began with a smaller set, blue ring aprons and the ropes coloured red, white and blue. In 1997, they changed the ropes to a plain red set and the titantron to feature a WWF logo and Raw Is War written everywhere including printed on the ring aprons. In 2002, they updated the logo and the ring now with a WWE.COM logo on the far sides. The ropes were sometimes black when they switched a few times per year. In 2006, they updated the Raw logo again and from October to December had the ropes black and removed the WWE.COM logo to have a Raw logo all around the ring. In December, they brought the red ropes back and in February brought back the WWE.COM logo. In January 2008, they updated the Raw set to a new HD set and the ring aprons were now red and silver instead of black. In April 2010, they changed the ring ropes to an all white scheme. In July 2012, they changed the ring aprons back to black with the new Raw logo and updated the HD set.


WWE A.M. Raw is a Saturday night (Sunday morning) show that is shown on the USA Network at 2 a.m. ET. It has segments from the latest episode of "Raw" with a ticker along the bottom section of the screen that provides information about WWE, including trivia and live event news.

"A.M. Raw" started debuted at its current time of 9 a.m. on Saturday morning. For a short period, however, it was moved to Sunday mornings at 2 a.m., until November 11, 2006. It was returned to its current Saturday morning timeslot while also continuing to air at 2 a.m.. However, it did gather higher ratings in the Sunday morning timeslot than it had with its previous Saturday 9 a.m. timeslot.



Doctor Who companions

The companions or assistants of the Doctor of the "Doctor Who" television series are people who travel with him. 

The Doctor is an alien. He is a Time Lord from the planet Gallifrey. He travels in his spaceship called the TARDIS. It allows him to go anywhere in time and space. "TARDIS" stands for Time And Relative Dimension In Space. The Doctor usually takes other people with him, who are usually called "companions" or "assistants". The Doctor and his companions travel through space and time, have a lot of adventures, and often save many people.

The character of the companion was there so that the people watching the series could identify and feel close to a character. The companions were often present-time humans. People could relate to them because they knew as much as the viewers. Because of this, the Doctor could explain things to his companions, and at the same time to the viewers. 

Most of the Doctor's companions have been human. Many have been aliens or robots.

Companions are named under the Doctors they travelled with, and sorted by the order in which they appear.

Susan (Carole Ann Ford) was the Doctor's granddaughter. She escaped with him from the planet Gallifrey in a stolen TARDIS. From her grandfather, she has an advanced knowledge of history and science. Her first appearance was in "An Unearthly Child (1963)." Her last appearance was in "The Dalek Invasion of Earth (1964)." In that episode, she meets David Campbell (Peter Fraser), a young freedom fighter in the 22nd century. The Doctor locks her out of the TARDIS and forces her to stay behind with David. It was unknown what happened after that.

Barbara Wright (Jacqueline Hill) is one of the first companions of the Doctor. Barbara is a history teacher at the Coal Hill School, working with science teacher Ian Chesterton. 

Her first appearance was in "An Unearthly Child (1963)." Suspicious of student Susan Foreman's strange knowledge of history and science, Barbara and Ian follow her home to the TARDIS. There they meet the Doctor. With him, they begin to travel through space and time. 

In "The Chase (1965)," after two years of travelling with the Doctor, Barbara and Ian use a Dalek time machine to return to London.

Ian Chesterton (William Russell) is one of the first companions of the Doctor. Ian is a science teacher at the Coal Hill School, working with history teacher Barbara Wright. 

His first appearance was in "An Unearthly Child (1963)." Suspicious of student Susan Foreman's strange knowledge of history and science, Ian and Barbara follow her home to the TARDIS. There they meet the Doctor. With him, they begin to travel through space and time. 

In "The Chase (1965)", after two years of travelling with the Doctor, Barbara and Ian use a Dalek time machine to return to London.

Vicki (Maureen O'Brien) first appeared in "The Rescue (1965)". She was a survivor of a spaceship crash on the planet Dido in the 25th century. She is rescued by the Doctor. She travels with him, Ian, and Barbara. In "The Myth Makers (1965)", Vicki meets an ancient warrior of Troy named Troilus. She decides to stay behind with him. She eventually passes into legend as Cressida. She also makes sure that the Trojan girl Katarina enters the TARDIS in her place. 

Steven Taylor (Peter Purves) first appeared in "The Chase (1965)." The Doctor and his companions, Ian, Barbara, and Vicki find Steven on the planet Mechanus, where he had crash-landed two years before. In "The Savages (1966)", Steven stays behind to accept the responsibility of leading the combined society of Savages and Elders that are attempting a lasting peace.

Katarina (Adrienne Hill) first appears in "The Myth Makers (1965)." She is a handmaiden of the prophetess Cassandra, the princess of ancient Troy. After Vicki stays behind in Troy, Katarina takes her place. During "The Daleks' Master Plan (1965-1966)," Katarina is taken hostage by the escaped prisoner Kirksen. He demands that the Doctor take him to Kembel, a planet taken over by the Daleks. To prevent the Doctor giving in to Kirksen's demands, Katarina triggers the controls to the airlock she is being held in. That sends both her and her captor into the vacuum of space. She is the first companion in the series to die.

Sara Kingdom (Jean Marsh) is a Space Security Agent in "The Daleks' Master Plan (1965-1966)." She joins the Doctor in his fight, briefly travelling in the TARDIS to several different locations in time and space. When the Doctor activates the Time Destructor, a device that accelerates time, Sara cannot be saved. She ages and dies, her remains turning to dust. Sara is sometimes counted as a companion of the First Doctor, but sometimes not.

Dorothea "Dodo" Chaplet (Jackie Lane) first appeared at the end of "The Massacre of St Bartholomew's Eve (1966)." Dodo wanders into the TARDIS, thinking it was a real police box. In "The War Machines (1966)" Dodo decides to stay in 1966 London.

Polly (Anneke Wills) was a companion of the First and Second Doctor. She and Ben Jackson appeared first in "The War Machines (1966)". She was secretary to Professor Brett, creator of the artificial intelligence known as WOTAN. She travels with the Doctor after he regenerated into the Second Doctor. In "The Faceless Ones (1967)," they return to 1966 London. Polly and Ben decide to remain behind to resume their lives without disruption

Ben Jackson (Michael Craze) was a companion of the First and Second Doctor. He appeared first in "The War Machines" (1966) as an Able Seaman serving in the Royal Navy. In "The Faceless Ones (1967)," they return to 1966 London, and Polly and Ben decide to stay.


James Robert "Jamie" McCrimmon (Frazer Hines) was from 18th century Scotland. He first appears in "The Highlanders (1966-1967)". He meets the Doctor, Ben and Polly after the Battle of Culloden in 1746. At the end of "The War Games (1969)," the Time Lords take Jamie's and Zoe's memories away, and send each of them back to their original time and place.

Victoria Waterfield (Deborah Watling) is from Victorian England in 1866. She is the daughter of scientist Edward Waterfield (played by John Bailey). She first appears in "The Evil of the Daleks (1967)." In "Fury from the Deep (1968)", Victoria leaves the Doctor and Jamie and stays with a family named Harris in the 20th century.

Zoe Heriot (Wendy Padbury) first appears in "The Wheel in Space (1968)." She is on a space station in the 21st century. At the end of "The War Games (1969)", the Time Lords take Zoe's and Jamie's memories away, and send each of them back to their original time and place.

Elizabeth "Liz" Shaw (Caroline John) was a scientist and civilian member of UNIT. She first appeared in "Spearhead from Space". She became a member of UNIT and met the newly regenerated Doctor. In "Inferno (1970)", Liz decided to leave the Doctor and UNIT, and go back to the University of Cambridge.

Jo Grant (Katy Manning) first appears in "Terror of the Autons" (1971) as a replacement assistant for the Doctor. In "The Green Death (1973)", Jo falls in love with the scientist Professor Clifford Jones. She decides to marry Jones, and goes with him to the Amazon Rainforest.

Sarah Jane Smith (Elisabeth Sladen) was a companion of the third and fourth Doctors (Jon Pertwee and Tom Baker). Sarah Jane was known for feminism and strong affection with the Doctor. He called her his best friend. She is the most popular of the companions from the old series. She has appeared in the new series twice. She also has her own spinoff series.


Harry Sullivan (Ian Marter) was a companion of the Fourth Doctor (Tom Baker). Harry was known for being UNIT's Medical Doctor. He travelled with Sarah Jane Smith as well.

Leela (Louise Jameson) first appeared in "The Face of Evil (1977)." She was a warrior of the savage Sevateem tribe. The Sevateem tribe were the descendants of the crew of an Earth ship that crash landed on an unnamed planet in the far future. In "The Invasion of Time (1978)," Leela falls in love with Andred, a Gallifreyan. Leela chooses to stay with Andred on the Doctor's home planet Gallifrey. K-9 Mark I stays with her.

K9 (voiced by John Leeson) was a robot dog. There have been several models, K9 Mark I through Mark IV. 
The original K9 Mark I was given to the Doctor, but later stayed with the Doctor's companion Leela on Gallifrey. K9 Mark II stayed with Romana in E-Space. K9 Mark III and Mark IV were presents of the Doctor to Sarah Jane Smith.

Romanadvoratrelundar is another Time Lady from Gallifrey, changing her appearance when she regenerates into Romana II.

Adric (Matthew Waterhouse) was a companion of the Fourth and Fifth Doctor. He was from the planet Alzarius in the parallel universe E-Space. He came with the Doctor to our universe. Adric dies in "Earthshock (1982)", when the spaceship he is on crashes into prehistoric Earth.


Vislor Turlough (Mark Strickson) was an alien from the planet Trion. After a civil war he had been exiled to Earth, to the Brendon Public School. In "Mawdryn Undead" "(1983)", he met the Doctor and joined him. In "Planet of Fire (1984)," Turlough left and returned to his home planet Trion.

Kamelion (voiced by Gerald Flood) was a shape-changing android and a companion of the Fifth Doctor. He first appears in "The King's Demons", where he is controlled by the Master. The Doctor frees him and takes Kamelion with him. In "Planet of Fire (1984)", Kamelion is destroyed.

Perpugilliam "Peri" Brown (Nicola Bryant) was a companion of the Fifth and Sixth Doctor. She first appears in "Planet of Fire (1984)". After that, she travels with the Doctor. After the Doctor regenerates, Peri stays and travels with the Sixth Doctor.


Melanie "Mel" Bush (Bonnie Langford) was a companion of the Sixth and Seventh Doctor. She was a computer programmer from 20th century England. Mel leaves the Doctor at the end of "Dragonfire (1987)," to stay on Iceworld with Sabalom Glitz.


Dorothy "Ace" McShane, (Sophie Aldred) first appears in "Dragonfire (1987)," on the planet Iceworld, although Ace was from 20th century Earth. At the end of this story, Melanie Bush leaves the Doctor. He invites Ace to come with him. Ace stays the Doctor's companion until the first end of the series in 1989.

Dr. Grace Holloway (Daphne Ashbrook) was the Doctor's companion in the 1996 television movie "Doctor Who". Grace is a cardiologist from 1999 San Francisco. She accidentally kills the Seventh Doctor during an operation. Grace helps the Eighth Doctor fight the Master. In the end of the movie, the Eighth Doctor invites Grace to travel with him, but she says that she will stay on Earth.

Lucie Miller was the Doctor's companion in The Eighth Doctor Adventures range from Big Finish, and is among the named companions in The Night of the Doctor special episode featuring the Eighth's regeneration.

Charlotte Pollard was the Doctor's first companion in the audio series by Big Finish. She was a girl from 1900s Britain, she ran away to fly around the world, boarding the ship the R101. The Doctor saved her from the crash and she became his companion.

Adam Mitchell (Bruno Langley) was the Doctor's companion for only two episodes. In 2012, he was a young English researcher. He worked for the American billionaire Henry van Statten. In the episode "Dalek” (2005), he was at van Statten's base, and at the end he went with the Doctor in the TARDIS. In "The Long Game" (2005), he is travelling with the Doctor and Rose, but Adam behaves badly. At the end of the episode, the Doctor takes Adam home.


Mickey Smith (Noel Clarke) was Rose Tyler's boyfriend. He helped Rose and the Ninth Doctor several times. Later he travelled with the Tenth Doctor and Rose. At the end of "The Age of Steel" (2006), Mickey decided to stay in the parallel world to help fight the Cybermen. In "Journey's End" (2008), Mickey returned to this world, and at the end decided to stay here again.

Astrid Peth (Kylie Minogue) was the Doctor's companion during the 2007 Christmas special "Voyage of the Damned". She is from the planet Sto. Astrid is a waitress on the starship "Titanic". Astrid helps the Doctor. She is killed while she saves him. After saving the "Titanic", the Doctor realises that Astrid was still wearing a teleporter bracelet when she died. He tries to bring her back to life, but it does not work fully: Astrid now is a ghost-like energy being. In the end, the Doctor sends Astrid away to fly through the universe.

Wilfred Mott (Bernard Cribbins) was the grandfather of Donna Noble. He first appeared in the 2007 Christmas special "Voyage of the Damned". He made his final appearance in the 2023 episode "Wild Blue Yonder”.

Rory is often also called Rory Pond by the Doctor. Rory does not like the name. He thinks since he and Amy Pond got married, they should be Mr. and Mrs Williams. The Doctor prefers Mr. and Mrs. Pond. Rory is also known as the Last Centurion. He departed along with Amy in "The Angels Take Manhattan (2012)," when they were sent back in time to a time where the Doctor could not retrieve them.

 played by Alex Kingston
Daughter of Amy Pond & known as "The Child of the. T.A.R.D.I.S"

Craig Owens (James Corden) was a man whose apartment the Doctor stayed in during "The Lodger" (2010). He returned in "Closing Time" (2011) to help the Doctor fight some cybermen hiding underneath a department store.

John Riddell was an English game hunter. The Doctor picked him up in "Dinosaurs on a Spaceship" (2012). He took him to a Silurian Ark ship to help stop it crashing into earth. He left after the episode and may not be considered a 'proper' companion.

Queen Nefertiti (called 'Neffie' by the Doctor) helped the Doctor with a Silurian Ark ship that was going to crash into earth in "Dinosaurs on a Spaceship" (2012). After she left and went to Africa with big game hunter John Riddell.

Brian Williams (Mark Williams) Rory Williams father. The Doctor accidentally brought him along during "Dinosaurs on a Spaceship" (2012). He helped fly the Silurian Ark to safety with his son Rory. He returns in "The Power Of Three" (2012)

 Clara Oswald was a companion of the Eleventh and Twelfth Doctors. Clara was called "the impossible girl".

The Paternoster Gang is a group that includes Silurian Madame Vastra (Neve McIntosh), her wife Jenny Flint (Catrin Stewart), and Sontaran commander Strax (Dan Starkey).


Graham O'Brien () is a companion of the Thirteenth Doctor. He is a retired bus driver.

Ryan Sinclair () is a companion of the Thirteenth Doctor. He is also Graham's step-grandson and went to school with Yasmin Khan. Ryan has dyspraxia.

Yasmin Khan () is a companion of the Thirteenth Doctor. She is a junior police officer with the Hallamshire Police.

Dan Lewis (John Bishop) is a companion of the Thirteenth Doctor. He is a volunteer at Jenning Street Food Bank.

Ruby Sunday (Millie Gibson) is the companion to Ncuti Gatwa's Fifteenth Doctor.


Moomba

The Moomba Waterfest is a yearly festival in Melbourne, Australia. It takes place over the Labor Day weekend.

Ludwig Wittgenstein

Ludwig Josef Johann Wittgenstein ( in German) (April 26, 1889 – April 29, 1951) was an Austrian philosopher. He worked mainly in the basics of logic, the philosophy of mathematics, the philosophy of mind, and the philosophy of language. He is regarded as one of the most important philosophers of the twentieth century.

Before his death at the age of 62, the only book Wittgenstein had published was the "Tractatus Logico-Philosophicus". His second book "Philosophical Investigations" was published shortly after he died. Both of these works are regarded as very important for analytic philosophy.

Ludwig Wittgenstein was born in Vienna on 26 April 1889, to Karl and Leopoldine Wittgenstein. He was the youngest of eight children and was born into one of the most prominent and wealthy families in the Austro-Hungarian empire. His father's parents, Hermann Christian and Fanny Wittgenstein, were born into Jewish families but later converted to Protestantism, and after they moved from Saxony to Vienna in the 1850s, were part of the Viennese Protestant professional classes. Ludwig's father became an industrialist and went on to make a fortune in iron and steel. Ludwig's mother Leopoldine, born Kalmus, was an aunt of the Nobel Prize laureate Friedrich von Hayek. Despite Karl's Protestantism, and the fact that Leopoldine's father was Jewish, the Wittgenstein children were baptized as Roman Catholics — the faith of their maternal grandmother — and Ludwig was given a Roman Catholic burial upon his death. Wittgenstein was homosexual.

He began studying mechanical engineering. During his research he became interested in the foundations of mathematics, particularly after reading Bertrand Russell's "Principles of Mathematics" and Gottlob Frege's "Grundgesetze". In 1911 Wittgenstein visited Frege and Russell and discussed philosophy with them at great length. He made a great impression on Russell and started to work on the foundations of logic and mathematical logic. Russell saw Wittgenstein as a successor who would carry on his work.

During the First World War, Wittgenstein served in the army and developed his logic. He included ethical aspects. In the summer of 1918 he learned that his friend David Pinsent had been killed in an airplane accident. Wittgenstein became depressed and thought of suicide. He went to stay with his uncle Paul where he was able to complete the "Tractatus". No publisher accepted it, but Russell realised it was a philosophically important work and wrote an introduction. Wittgenstein did not like it because he thought that Russell had not understood the book. Wilhelm Ostwald's journal "Annalen der Naturphilosophie" printed a German edition in 1921, and Routledge's Kegan Paul printed a bilingual edition with Russell's introduction in 1922.

Since Wittgenstein thought that the "Tractatus" had solved all the problems of philosophy, he left philosophy and returned to Austria to train as a primary school teacher. Wittgenstein had unrealistic expectations of the rural children he taught, and had little patience with those children who had no gift for mathematics. But he had good results with children that were interested, especially boys. His severe disciplinary methods led to disagreement with some of his students' parents, and eventually he resigned his position and returned to Vienna, feeling that he had failed as a school teacher.

After abandoning his work as a school teacher, Wittgenstein worked as a gardener's assistant in a monastery near Vienna and then he worked with the architect, Paul Engelmann. This intellectual work did much to restore Wittgenstein's spirits. Between 1925 and 1928, he joined his sister Margaret in Vienna, where she was having a house built. Wittgenstein and the architect Paul Engelmann built it together, and though they never lived in it, 'Haus Wittgenstein' is still standing in Vienna today. Toward the end of this work, Wittgenstein was contacted by Moritz Schlick, one of the leading figures of the newly formed Vienna Circle. This contact stimulated Wittgenstein intellectually and revived his interest in philosophy.

In 1929 he decided to return to Cambridge. He was met at the railway station by a crowd of England's greatest intellectuals. He found out to his horror that he was one of the most famous philosophers in the world now. In 1939 Wittgenstein was appointed to the chair in Philosophy at Cambridge.

During World War II he left Cambridge and volunteered as a hospital porter in Guy's Hospital in London and as a laboratory assistant in Newcastle upon Tyne's Royal Victoria Infirmary.

Wittgenstein resigned his position at Cambridge in 1947 to concentrate on his writing. When in 1949, he found out that he had prostate cancer, he had written most of the material that would be published after his death as "Philosophische Untersuchungen" ("Philosophical Investigations"), which might be his most important work. He died of prostate cancer in Cambridge.




Wittgenstein (disambiguation)

Wittgenstein may refer to:





John C. Breckinridge

John Cabell Breckinridge (January 16, 1821 – May 17, 1875) was a lawyer, U.S. representative, U.S. senator from Kentucky and the 14th vice president of the United States. He was from Kentucky. He served in the House from 1851 to 1855. He served as Vice-President from 1857 to 1861, under President James Buchanan. Breckinridge was the youngest vice president in U.S. history.

Breckinridge was also a Southern Democratic candidate for President in 1860. In the election of 1860, the Democratic Party split, with Southerners voting for Breckinridge and Northerners voting for Stephen Douglas. He carried most of the Southern states, but lost to Abraham Lincoln.

When the South seceded, Breckinridge was briefly a U.S. Senator from Kentucky, but was kicked out of the Senate. After that, he became active in the Confederacy. During the American Civil War, he was a general in the Confederate States Army. He fought in Tennessee and the Shenandoah Valley. He was the Confederate commander at the Battle of New Market. Breckinridge was the last Confederate Secretary of War. After the war, Breckinridge left the country for four years. He returned to Kentucky in 1869 and died in 1875.

Michael Dante DiMartino

Michael Dante DiMartino (born July 18, 1974) is an American animation director. He is best known as the co-creator, executive producer, and story editor of the TV series "" on Nickelodeon.


Barbara Meier

Barbara Meier (born 25 July 1986 in Amberg, Germany) is a model. She is the winner of the second cycle (season) of "Germany's Next Topmodel" (GNTM), presented by Heidi Klum.

Meier was born in Amberg. Before "GNTM" she studied mathematics.

While shopping at a mall, she was invited by a model scout to a casting for "GNTM". Out of 16,421 girls in the casting, she was chosen among 14 other girls to be on the TV show.
During the show she won a role alongside Heidi Klum in a TV commercial for McDonald's. 

In the last episode (the finale), she won the show and became "Germany's Next Topmodel".

After "Germany's Next Topmodel" Meier was in many magazines around the world such as "Vogue" (Taiwan), "Madame Figaro" (Russia) and "L'Officiel" (France) and worked for many brands such as "Pantene".


Bryan Konietzko

Bryan Konietzko is the co-creator and executive producer of the animated series "". He has also worked as a character designer for the animated series "Family Guy". He was a storyboard artist and art director for the Nickelodeon animated series "Invader Zim".


Hannibal Hamlin

Hannibal Hamlin (August 27, 1809 – July 4, 1891) was a politician from Maine. Hamlin served as a lawmaker in Maine, governor of Maine, in the U.S. House of Representatives, and in the U.S. Senate. He began his career as a Democrat but later became a Republican. He was the first Republican to serve as Vice President of the United States, elected as Abraham Lincoln's vice president in the 1860 presidential election.

Hamlin was born in Paris, Maine. He was a descendant of James Hamlin who had lived in the Massachusetts Bay Colony in 1639. He attended the area's schools, and later managed his father's farm. For the next few years he worked at several jobs. He studied law. He lived in Hampden, where he practiced law until 1848, when he moved away.

Hamlin studied law. He was admitted to the legal profession in 1833, and quickly became known as a good lawyer and a good speaker. In politics, he began as an against slavery Democrat. He was a member of the state House of Representatives from 1836-1840, in charge of the House during the last four years. He was a representative in Congress from 1843 to 1847, and a Senator of the United States Senate from 1848 to 1856. From the very beginning of his service in Congress he was a well-known opponent of the extension of slavery; a notable supporter of the Wilmot Proviso, an opponent of the Missouri Compromise, and in 1856, he left the Democrats and joined the new Republican party. 

The Republicans in Maine supported him for governor in the same year, and he won a landslide victory. He was inaugurated as governor on the 8th of January 1857. In late February, however, he gave up the governorship, and was in the Senate from 1857 to 1861. From 1861 to 1865, during the Civil War, he was Vice-President of the United States. While in this office he gave a large amount of advice to then President Lincoln, and supported both the Emancipation Proclamation and the arming of the slaves. After the war he served in the Senate (1869-1881), was minister to Spain (1881-1883), and then left public life. He died at Bangor, Maine, on the 4th of July 1891.

Busan subway

The Busan Metro () is a subway system in Busan, South Korea. Busan is one of four cities in South Korea with a subway system; the others are Seoul, Daegu and Incheon. Subway systems are also being built in Gwangju and Daejeon. Planning for the Busan Subway began in 1979 and building started in 1981. The first stage, a line with 17 stations between Nopo-dong and Beomnaegol opened on the 19 July 1985. There are now 102 stations, four lines, and of tracks.

The system is operated by Busan Transportation Corporation. It was first launched in 1985 when Line 1 (Nopo-dong(노포동)~Beomnaegol(범내골)) was opened. Now there are 6 lines with 114 stations, 116.5 kilometers of tracks. Busan Transportation Corporation publishes a name of 'Humetro' as a brand identity.

Line 1 (Nopo-dong(노포동)~Beomnaegol(범내골)) was first opened in 1985. In 1994, the whole section (Nopo-dong(노포동)~Sinpyeong(신평)) was launched. Line 1 is the South-North route. And it passes right through the heart of the city. It was 32.5 km long with 34 stations in 1994 when the line was later extended to 40.5 km with 40 stations, which the extension was opened on April 20, 2017. The subway used in Line 1 is middle-sized subway. It was made of stainless domestically for the first time when being constructed. It is a 8-cars train. Many cutting edge technologies (including NATM, TBM construction methods) were used to construct line 1.

Line 2 (Hopo(호포)~Seo-myeon(서면)) first began operation in 1999, and the entire route (Jangsan(장산)~Hopo(호포)) was completed in 2002. Line 2 was built to solve chronic heavy traffic from east to west of the city. In 2008, the extension route (Hopo(호포)~Yangsan(양산)) was launched for developing transportation system between Busan and Yangsan city. The whole line 2 is 45.2 km in length, 43 stations. It is middle-sized subway and a 6-cars train. Shield construction method was used to build line 2. It was the first time to use this method when constructing the subway line in the country. This method was needed to build the line across Suyeong River.

Line 3 (Suyeong(수영)~Daejeo(대저)) started its service in 2005. It is aimed at reducing traffic in Mandeok(만덕), Minam(미남) and Yeonsan-dong(연산동). Line 3 also connects relatively isolated Gangseo(강서) area with the center of the city. It is expected to help to improve the quality of life in Gangseo(강서) region. Line 3 is 18.1 km long with 17 stations. It is middle-sized subway and uses a 4-cars train. Line 3 subway is a Korean standard type train. All equipment is localized, and a train itself is 20% lighter than line 1 subway.

Line 4 has been constructed since 2003. It opened on March 30, 2011. It connects from Minam(미남) to Anpyeong(안평) with 12 stations. The line’s length is 12.7 km. It is expected to promote development of Geumsa(금사), Bansong(반송) and Gijang(기장) regions. It is light rail which consumes only 80% money in construction and management compared to existing heavy rail.

This line is operated by Busan-Gimhae Light Rail Transit Corporation which (from Sasang(사상) to Gaya University) links to the western area of Busan to adjoining city of Gimhae. It has 21 stations and 23.9 km of track. It was completed and opened on September 9, 2011.

The number of passengers using Busan subway is about 263,574,000 a year (2009. It means that average 722,000 people use Busan subway everyday. Among them, 401,000 people use line 1, 250,000 people line 2, and 71,000 people line 3.



Tsing Hua University

Tsing Hua University or THU is a university in Beijing, People's Republic of China. It is regarded as one of the best and most selective universities in China. It was established in 1911 as a school for Chinese graduates wanting to go further with their studies at universities in other countries, especially the United States and the UK.

Tsing Hua University was opened in Beijing, China in 1911 on the site of a former royal garden belonging to a prince. It was first a "preparatory school", a school for preparation, for students to be later sent by the government to study in America. The people who graduated were transferred directly to American schools as juniors upon graduation.

In 1925, the school established its College Department and started its research institute on Chinese Study. In 1928, the name officially changed to National Tsing Hua University.

During the Second World War in 1937, Tsing Hua University, along with Peking University and Nankai University, merged to form Chang Sha Temporary University in Chang Sha, which later became National Southwestern Associated University in Kunming of Yunnan province. After the war, Tsing Hua moved back to Beijing.

The communist victory at the end of the Chinese Civil War in 1949 led to the creation of the People's Republic of China, so the university's President Mei Yi Qi and some professors went to Taiwan where they established the National Tsing Hua Institute of Nuclear Technology in 1955, which later became National Tsing Hua University.
In 1952, the communist government regrouped the country's higher education institutions in an attempt to build a Soviet style system, with individual institutions specialising in a certain field of study. TsingHua University was disassembled, losing its law school, school of agriculture, school of sciences and humanities, and became a polytechnic engineering university. Even so, the University remained in the top tier schools in China (Many Chinese scholars say that its only rival is Peking University). Following this regroup, the school was often referred to as the "MIT of China" . From the 1980s, the university began to incorporate a multidisciplinary system. As a result, a lot of schools were built and rebuilt. These included the School of Science, School of Economics and Management, School of Humanities and Social Sciences, School of Law, School of Public Administration, and the School of Art. Only two colleges charge tuition to its graduate students; the law school and the Academy of Arts and Design.

During the Cultural Revolution from 1966 to 1976, the university became a battlefield between different sects of Mao's Red Guards and a stronghold of the radicals. It did not resume its normal operation until 1977 when the Cultural Revolution was officially put to an end.

Since 1977, the university has enjoyed rich government funding and policy support which greatly improved its facilities. Its graduate school has been recognized nationally, ranking first in the National Evaluation of Graduate Schools. The School of Continuing Education uses modern information technologies, as well as the advanced educational resources at Tsing Hua.

Most Chinese university rankings place TsingHua first in China. It attracts the most talented students of the nation and enjoys the best engineering and applied sciences programs in China, occupying a position similar to MIT, Stanford, and Princeton in the US. Peking Union Medical College of Tsinghua University is regarded as the best medical school in the country. Tsinghua's longtime rival Peking University is better known for natural sciences, social sciences, law, and liberal arts.

Admission to Tsinghua is highly competitive. The majority of selected students are national scholars and among the brightest high school graduates in the country. Many of China's top scientists, engineers, politicians and business leaders are among Tsinghua alumni. The former Chinese leader (2002-2012), Hu Jintao, is a former Tsinghua student who graduated with a degree in hydraulic engineering in 1964. The current General Secretary of the Communist Party of China (since 2012), Xi Jinping, is a former Tsinghua student who graduated with a degree in chemical engineering in 1979.

In 2003, Tsinghua University had 12 colleges and 48 departments, 41 research institutes, 35 research centers, and 167 laboratories, including 15 national key laboratories. In September 2006, Peking Union Medical College was renamed to Peking Union Medical College, Tsinghua University . The university offers 51 bachelor's degree programs, 139 master's degree programs and 107 Ph.D. programs. Recently, Tsinghua has become the first Chinese university to offer a Master of Laws program in American law, through a cooperative venture with the Temple University Beasley School of Law. The university is a member of LAOTSE, an international network of leading universities in Europe and Asia. Each year, the University celebrates the Intellectual Property Summer Institute in cooperation with Franklin Pierce Law Center of Concord, New Hampshire.

On April 12, 2007, Tsinghua University's School of Economics and Management became the first business school in the Chinese mainland to earn AACSB accreditation. Former Premier Zhu Rongji was the founding dean of the school.

The University's Institute of Nuclear and New Energy Technology is on a separate campus in a northern suburb of Beijing.

Tsinghua is where former United States Vice President Al Gore lectured at in his documentary, An Inconvenient Truth. Viewers can see the university lecture hall, with its well-known purple seats.

The campus of Tsinghua University is in northwest Beijing, in the Haidian district which was designated for universities.

It is located on the former site of Qing Dynasty royal gardens and retains some Chinese-style landscaping as well as some traditional buildings, but many of its buildings are Western-style reflecting the American influence in its history. It is known throughout China for having one of the most beautiful campuses.

The university's architect T. Chuang, a 1914 graduate of the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, modeled his designs for the quadrangle and auditorium of Tsinghua on the Illinois campus, specifically imitating Foellinger Auditorium, located on the quad at the University of Illinois.

Tsinghua's early school anthem was composed by an American instructor Miss Katherine E. Seelye. In 1923, another version with lyrics in Chinese (by Prof. Wang Luan Xiang, a Chinese language professor of Tsinghua) was composed by Mrs. Zhang Hui Zhen and was well received by the students and faculty. The song was then adopted as the school's official Alma Mater.

The last Sunday of April is Tsinghua's anniversary and Homecoming ("Xiao-Qing") Day.

Redbud and Lilac

Purple and White

The school cheer goes: Ri-ri-ri, Rah-rah-rah! Tsinghua, Tsinghua, Tsinghua ! Rah-rah-rah!

Tsinghua University has signed agreements with ACCA (Association of Chartered Certified Accountants), the renowned international accountancy body that offers Chartered Certified Accountant qualification worldwide, to train the new generation of professional accountants in China. Under the agreement, Tsinghua will develop the programme that under ACCA's syllabus for enabling China's young accounting students to join the ACCA professional exam scheme at a higher level. Tsinghua will also recognise the Oxford Brookes University BSc Applied Accounting degree, which has been successfully developed in conjunction with ACCA and which enables students who have completed two parts of the ACCA qualification to apply for the Oxford Brookes degree.



THU

Thu is most often an abbreviation for Thursday.

It can also mean"


Yui

Yui or YUI can mean:

Yui Horie

Yui Horie (, Horie Yui, born on 20 September 1976) is a Japanese singer and voice actress. Her real name is Yoshiko (堀江 由子 Horie Yoshiko), and she is sometimes nicknamed "Ho'chan ほっちゃん Hocchan)" by her Japanese fans. She hosted aradio show called Yui's Angel Eggs (or 堀江由衣の天使のたまご Horie Yui No Tenshi No Tamago in Japanese) which airs every Monday morning at 0.30 am (local Tokyo time). She is the founding member of the band Aice5. She is also a member of the band Kurobara Hozonkai under the nickname YUI-EL. Her blood type is B and her hobbies include shoulder massage, reading and food.

Horie was born in Tokyo, Japan. As a child, she was a huge fan of the animated series "Dirty Pair" and stated that the series was her first inspiration to become a voice artist. She debuted in 1997 in a video game Voice Fantasia and for several years had minor roles in various animations. She landed her first leading role as Haruka in Kurogane Communication. The turning point in her career was not till the year 2000, when she won the role of Naru in "Love Hina" and the role of Honda Touru in "Fruits Basket". She released her first music album titled Mizutamari ni Utsuru Sekai in 2000. She formed a band called Yamato Nadeshiko with Yukari Tamura in 2001. They released two singles, "もうひとりの私" and "Merry Merrily". "Merry Merrily" was an insert song in the Love Hina Christmas Special. In October 2005, she founded Aice5, a J-pop supergroup made up of 4 other voice actors, to help launch their careers. Aice5 officially ended on 20 September 2007. She has collaborated with a few other artists, such as UNSCANDAL in 2005 and 黒薔薇保存会 in 2007. She was employed by Arts Vision until mid 2007 due to a scandal within the agency's top management. She left to become a freelance actress with no links to any talent management firm.















Bathymetry

Bathymetry is the study of the underwater terrain of lakes or ocean floors. It is the same as topography, except that it looks at the underwater topography. It is a field of oceanography. The name comes from Greek ("bathus"), meaning "deep", and ("metron"), meaning "measure". Bathymetric (or hydrographic) charts are often made to support the safety of underwater navigation and exploration. Most of these underwater topographic maps use contour lines (called "depth contours" or "isobaths") to show the terrain of the sea floor, and how deep it is. They usually also give surface navigational information.

Originally, bathymetry involved the measurement of ocean depth through sounding. Early techniques used heavy rope or cable lowered over a ship's side. This method measures the depth of the water at a single location each time. It was not a very accurate method. The data used to make bathymetric maps today usually comes from an echosounder (sonar). This device is attached to the bottom or the side of a boat.


Cave painting

Cave paintings are paintings on cave walls and ceilings. Usually these paintings were made in prehistoric times.

It is not known why these paintings were made. They may have been used in rituals. Some were surely giving information. Many paintings in caves are difficult to get at. 

Today, there are about 350 caves known which have paintings in them. Many are in France and Spain. The best known are probably the caves of Altamira (in Spain), Lascaux (in France), or Creswell Crags in England. Sometimes, paintings were also done on cliff faces. Fewer of those have survived though, because of erosion. One such example are the rock paintings of Astuvansalmi (in Finland).

Most often, animals or hunting scenes were painted. Sometimes hands are there too. Rarely, there are also more abstract patterns.

The paintings were drawn with red and yellow ochre, hematite, manganese oxide and charcoal. Sometimes the silhouette of the animal was put into the rock first.

André Leroi-Gourhan (19111986) classified the paintings into different styles:
There are different theories about why people created cave paintings. These are the most common explanations:

In general, the date of these artefacts are not known with any accuracy. Our own dating system was invented long after the artefacts.

A painting on the wall of an Indonesian cave has is about 44,000 years old. It shows a buffalo being hunted. Last year another painting was found in Borneo.


Radiocarbon dating

Radiocarbon dating, also known as the C14 dating method, is a way of telling how old an object is. It is a type of radiometric dating. 

The method uses the radioactive isotope carbon-14. Most organic matter contains carbon. Carbon has different isotopes, which are usually not radioactive. C is the radioactive one, its half-life (time it takes to reduce its radioactivity by half) is about 5,730 years. This makes it possible to tell the age of substances that contain carbon. The method works to about 60,000 years old. Dates obtained are usually written as "before present" ('present' is 1950). 

Plants take up atmospheric carbon dioxide by photosynthesis, and are eaten by animals, so every living thing is constantly exchanging carbon-14 with its environment as long as it lives. Once it dies, however, this exchange stops.

In 1958 Hessel de Vries showed that the concentration of carbon-14 in the atmosphere varies with time and locality. The relatively short-lived C is constantly renewed by cosmic ray bombardment on atmospheric nitrogen. Since the bombardment is slightly variable, and for other reasons, the C taken into organic matter is also slightly variable. That leads to errors in the chronology. However, under about 20,000 years the results can be compared with dendrochronology, based on tree rings. For the most accurate work, variations are compensated by means of calibration curves. 

The method was developed by Willard Libby and his colleagues at the University of Chicago in 1949. In 1960, he was awarded the Nobel Prize in Chemistry for this work. He first demonstrated the accuracy of radiocarbon dating by accurately estimating the age of wood from an ancient Egyptian royal barge of which the age was known from historical documents.


Passage tomb

A passage tomb or passage grave is a tomb which can be reached through a (usually low) passage. Most of these tombs were constructed during prehistoric times. Most often, large stones, called Megaliths were used to construct them. These kinds of tombs can be found in large numbers in Ireland and Scotland.

Hallstatt culture

The Hallstatt culture is named after Hallstatt, a city in Austria in which the first artifacts were found. It lasted from about 1200 BC to about 275 BC. 

There were different periods that are now told apart mainly by the kinds of brooches used. The brooches changed rather rapidly and permit a good estimate. Hallstatt culture sites have been found in the east of France, in Switzerland, in the south of Germany, in Austria, in Slovenia and Croatia, northwestern Hungary, southwestern Slovakia and southern Moravia.

In this time, the social structure developed into a hierarchy. That can be documented by various things that were added to graves, such as at Magdalenenberg. In the Bronze Age, people lived in big settlements. As iron became available, trade routes changed. A new upper class could establish itself. Unlike before, the upper class liked to live in big houses in the countryside to show their power.

Funerary cults also changed, from cremation burials, to burials with sarcophagi. The new upper class used its wealth for import goods, mostly from the Mediterranean. People started settling there around the 2nd millennium BC.

Hallstatt culture: the real thing. 

La Tène culture

The La Tène culture existed from about 500 BC to about 100 AD. Named after a town in Switzerland near Neuchâtel, it was greatly influenced by the Roman and the Greek cultures. There are two sources for this:

The Celts basically lived in clans, which were led by leaders, the druids and the bards. Women were much better off than under the Romans and were of a similar status to men. There were both polygyny (a man could have several women) and polyandry (a woman could have several men).

Ringfort

A ringfort, ring fort or ring fortress is a fortified settlement. Ring forts were made to protect villages, mostly in the Middle Ages. In Ireland where many such forts can be found, they are also known as ráth, caiseal, cathair and dún in the early Irish sources.

A "ráth" (anglicised rath), was made of earth, "caiseal" (northwestern Ireland, anglicised cashel) and "cathair" (southwestern Ireland) were built of stone. A "dun" is a more prestigious site, the seat of some kind of ruler, the term is applied to promontory forts as well.

Capitol

Capitol can mean:



Beowulf

Beowulf is an Old English heroic epic poem. It is not known who wrote it, and there is no agreement as to when it was written. Estimates for the date range from AD 608 right through to AD 1000, and there is no consensus. The poem has only one manuscript source, written about 1010. "Beowulf" is 3182 lines long. Tolkien describes and illustrates many of the features of Old English poetry in his 1940 essay "On translating Beowulf".

The protagonist of the poem is Beowulf. In the poem, Beowulf fights three monsters: Grendel and Grendel's mother, and later in his life an unnamed dragon.
Hrothgar, a Danish king, has built a big mead hall, which is called Heorot. Hrothgar and his people live a good life and celebrate in Heorot. But then they are attacked by Grendel, who comes to Heorot every night and kills some of Hrothgar's people.

Beowulf is a warrior from Geatland (modern southern Sweden). He hears of Hrothgar's troubles with Grendel. Beowulf and his men leave Geatland to help King Hrothgar.

Beowulf and his men stay the night in Heorot. When Grendel comes to kill them, Beowulf fights him. Beowulf tears Grendel's arm off from his body and sticks it on the wall as a trophy. Grendel runs to his home in the marshes, where he dies. Everyone is happy that Grendel is killed and celebrates. 
But the next night, Grendel's mother comes to Heorot and kills many people for revenge and grabs Grendel's arm. Beowulf then goes to the marshes where Grendel and his mother lived. Beowulf fights Grendel's mother and kills her.

Beowulf later becomes a king. He fights a dragon that was living in a barrow. With the help of the young man Wiglaf, Beowulf kills the dragon. Beowulf is wounded in the final battle and dies and crowns Wiglaf as his successor. 

The story of "Beowulf" has often been told in books, plays, and films. Sometimes the full story is told, sometimes just parts of the story. Sometimes the plot is altered. Sometimes only ideas or themes are taken from the story. 
Some examples are:

Romana (Doctor Who)

Romana, short for Romanadvoratrelundar, is a fictional character in the British science fiction television series "Doctor Who". She is a Time Lady from the planet Gallifrey, and she was a companion of the Fourth Doctor. Because she was a Time Lord, Romana was able to regenerate, having two on-screen incarnations with somewhat different personalities (called Romana I and Romana II by fans). Romana I was played by Mary Tamm from 1978 to 1979. When she became pregnant and chose not to return for another series, the part was recast. Romana II was played by Lalla Ward from 1979 to 1981.

The White Guardian assigns Romana to help the Doctor during his quest for the Key to Time. Romana first appears in "The Ribos Operation", and was intended as a contrast to her predecessor, the savage Leela. Romana is initially haughty and somewhat arrogant, looking down on the Doctor (whom she considers to be her academic inferior; she obtained a triple first at the academy, while the Doctor passed with only 51 %, on his second attempt) and responding to his initial resentment at her presence with icy put-downs. However, she soon gains an appreciation for the Doctor's experience and sense of adventure, and begins to respect him as a teacher.

The introduction of Romana's second incarnation in "Destiny of the Daleks", a script credited to Terry Nation, but with several changes by script editor Douglas Adams, treats the concept of regeneration humorously. At the beginning of the serial, Romana changes bodily forms several times, like she was trying on different clothes, before deciding to take the form of Princess Astra, who had been played by Lalla Ward in the final serial of Season 16, "The Armageddon Factor".

Romana II enjoys a more intimate relationship with the Doctor than her first incarnation. Some fans have assumed that she had a romantic relationship with the Doctor although a relationship was never shown or intended by the writers. In many ways, she is the companion most like the Doctor - besides being of the same race and close to the same intelligence, she occasionally mimics his sense of style, wields her own sonic screwdriver and can occasionally get the better of him in moments of banter and more practical situations. As her practical experience develops, she also becomes more assured and capable in the situations she finds herself in.

Her final television appearance was in "Warriors' Gate", where, along with the robot dog K-9, she leaves to forge her own path in the parallel universe of E-space. She also appears briefly in the 20th Anniversary special "The Five Doctors" through the reuse of footage from the uncompleted story "Shada" because Tom Baker refused to come back.

After the departure of both Romana I and II, both versions of the character also appeared very briefly in flashback sequences during the Fourth Doctor's regeneration in "Logopolis" as well as the Fifth Doctor's mind-copy in "Resurrection of the Daleks".

She would also be mentioned in "Castrovalva" during the Fifth Doctor's post-regenerative confusion, as well as "Arc of Infinity", where the Fifth Doctor, in response to a reprimand from the High Council of Time Lords for "leaving her behind", retorts that she "chose to remain in E-Space".

In the new series the doctor says that all of the Time Lords apart from him were killed in the time war. Whether Romana was killed with the others, or is still alive in E-Space or elsewhere, has not been specifically established on screen.

An article by Russell T Davies in the "Doctor Who Annual 2006" states that Romana was President of the Time Lords during the Time War against the Daleks (see below), which ended with Gallifrey being destroyed. 

In the licensed Virgin New Adventures novel "Blood Harvest" by Terrance Dicks, Romana II leaves E-Space and returns to Gallifrey with the help of the Seventh Doctor. In "Goth Opera" by Paul Cornell, from the complementary Missing Adventures series, she is given a seat on the High Council of Time Lords. In New Adventures' "Happy Endings", also by Cornell, it is revealed that Romana has become Lady President of Gallifrey. Romana's presidency is reflected in the later novels and in her appearances (voiced by Ward) in audio dramas from Big Finish Productions. Romana appears in independent charity novel Time's Champion, in the role of President of the Time Lords.

In the BBC Books Eighth Doctor Adventures novels, Romana undergoes a second regeneration, and her new incarnation (Romana III, whose appearance was modelled on silent movie actress Louise Brooks) is far less sympathetic and far more ruthless than the other two.

Romana II appeared pseudonymously in a series of audio plays produced in the early 2000s by BBV. In this series, Lalla Ward played a character who appeared with K-9 in an unnamed parallel universe. This character is called the Mistress (which was what K-9 called Romana in the television series). Because of an unusual copyright situation in which BBV was able to license K-9 but not Romana or other "Doctor Who" elements, the Mistress is not explicitly called Romana. For similar reasons, the parallel universe (obviously intended to reflect Romana's exile in E-Space) is called a "pocket universe" in the series' packaging.

In Big Finish's regular line of "Doctor Who" audio stories, Ward joined the Sixth Doctor in "The Apocalypse Element", in which Romana is Lady President of Gallifrey. In "Zagreus", Romana II is forced to banish the Eighth Doctor from the universe as he has become a danger to it following his infection by the forces of "anti-time". Following on from this, she is featured in a number of audio plays with former Doctor companion Leela (played by Louise Jameson) under the umbrella title of "Gallifrey".

The series ends on a cliffhanger, with Gallifrey on the brink of economic and social collapse as well as in danger of being overrun by a Free Time virus, while most of the characters are trapped with no apparent means of escape.






Tegan Jovanka

Tegan Jovanka is a fictional character in the long-running British science fiction television series "Doctor Who". She was played by Janet Fielding. Tegan Jovanka was an Australian airline stewardess who was a companion of the Fourth and Fifth Doctors, she was a regular in the programme from 1981 to 1984. Tegan was the longest-serving companion in terms of years on the series (3 years, 1 month), although Jamie McCrimmon was in the most episodes and stories.

Tegan first appears in the Fourth Doctor's last serial, "Logopolis". On her way to Heathrow Airport to start her new job with Air Australia, her car suffers a flat tyre. She enters a roadside police box to seek help, but she enters and does not realise that it is the Doctor's Tardis. She is present when the Fourth Doctor falls from the Pharos Project radio telescope and regenerates into his fifth incarnation, and continues to travel with the doctor
Eventually, the chaos during the events of "Resurrection of the Daleks" prove too much and she chooses to leave the Doctor and Turlough and stay in 1984 London.

According to David Tennant's video diary of filming "Doctor Who" Series 3, John Barrowman (who plays Captain Jack Harkness in the 21st century series of "Doctor Who" and its spinoff "Torchwood") has a dog named Tegan, named after the companion.



Terminator: The Sarah Connor Chronicles

Terminator: The Sarah Connor Chronicles is a television series that appeared on the Fox Television Network from January 13, 2008 until 2009. It is a spin-off of "". 

It is about Sarah Connor (played by Lena Headey), her teenage son John Connor (played by Thomas Dekker), and a good robot named Cameron Phillips (played by Summer Glau) trying to stop the evil computer Skynet from ever being created.


Stigma (botany)

A stigma is a part of a flower that gets pollen from pollinators such as bees. The stigma is part of the female reproductive part of a flower, the pistil. The stigma is on top of the style. The stigma can be either hairy or sticky, or both to trap pollen. When the pollen lands on the stigma, the pollen will grow a pollen tube down the style, and into the ovary of the pistil.

Empress Dowager Cixi

Empress Dowager Cixi (November 29 1835 – November 15 1908), often known in China as the West Dowager Empress was from the Manchu Yehe Nara Clan.

Cixi was a powerful and charismatic figure who became the "de facto" ruler of the Manchu Qing Dynasty and ruled over China for 47 years from 1861 to her death in 1908. She was one of the wives of Emperor Xianfeng and also the mother of Emperor Tongzhi. She quickly took over the power after the death of Emperor Xianfeng. Though her exact origins are unclear it is very likely that she came from an ordinary Manchu family. She was chosen by the Xianfeng Emperor as a concubine. She gained almost total control over the court when the rule of her son the Tongzhi Emperor started. He and her nephew the Guangxu Emperor attempted unsuccessfully to rule in their own right.

As the source tells it, Cixi had a partnership with the #1 concubine Zhin, who had been raised to Empress. The two women ruled together, with Cixi as the more dominant personality.

She was in charge during the Opium Wars, First Sino-Japanese War, and the Boxer Rebellion. She was largely conservative during her rule, and some historians consider her reign despotism, and think that she might be responsible for the fall of the Qing Dynasty, and therefore Imperial China, as a result of Cixi's rule.



Human trafficking

Human trafficking (or Trafficking in human beings) is a way to exploit people. People are sold, bought, traded much like slaves , and are even sold to couples who don't have children. It is estimated to be a $5 to $9 billion-a-year industry. Trafficking victims typically are recruited by using force or because they are deceived, or fraud is used, power is abused, or they are simply abducted. Threats, violence, and economic problems can often make a victim consent to exploitation.

Human trafficking should not be confused with human smuggling.

Exploitation includes forcing people into prostitution or other forms of sexual exploitation, forced labour or services, slavery or practices similar to slavery, servitude or the removal of organs. For children exploitation may also include forced prostitution, illegal international adoption, trafficking for early marriage, or recruitment as child soldiers, beggars, for sports (such as child camel jockeys or football players), or for religious cults.

The norms based on international human rights law, such as Vienna Declaration and the Yogyakarta Principles prohibit human trafficking and Council of Europe and Charter of Fundamental Rights of European Union also prohibit them and do effort to save the victims.

Sex trafficking is human trafficking, where the main idea is to trick or force people so they can be used for sexual needs. This is fundamentally different from sex work or prostitution. Prostitution and sex work is legal in many countries. Human trafficking is almost always illegal. 

Many are women, but it is not rare for men to also be trafficked. Their ages, ethnic and their socioeconomic background all vary. Still there are groups of people that are more high-risk.


In 2017 they analyzed 1,416 child sex traffickers that were arrested in the United States in the past 10 years and it was found that 75.4% of traffickers are male and 24.4% are female. In average they were younger than 30 years. 


Child trafficking is defined as the "recruitment, transportation, transfer, harboring, and/or receipt" of a child for the purpose of exploitation. The commercial sexual exploitation of children can take many forms. This includes forcing a child into Child prostitution or it can be other forms of sexual activity like child pornography. Exploitation may also involve forced labour or services like slavery. It can mean practices similar to slavery such as or the removal of organs, illegal adoption, or recruitment as child soldiers.


Controversy

A controversy is a prolonged public dispute or debate, with people having different opinions. There may be several groups of people who have different opinions and who cannot agree. Examples for controversial topics are the question of whether abortion should be legal, or whether research on embryonic stem cells should be permitted. Controversies can happen when there is not a lot of understanding about a topic. A controversy may also happen when different people interpret the same information differently based on their own biases. 

Any opinion that has opposing sides or points of view can become a controversy. In the winter of 2015, consumers argued over the color and design of Starbucks Christmas cup. Some suggested a boycott of the coffee brand to protest.


German Trade Union Confederation

Deutscher Gewerkschaftsbund is a confederation of German trade unions. It was a national trade union center of Germany.

The DGB hat 8 German trade unions with more than 7 million people (31.12.2004). It was founded in Munich in 12 October 1949.




The Best Damn Thing (song)

"The Best Damn Thing" is the fourth single off the album The Best Damn Thing by Avril Lavigne. The song was released June 13, 2008.

Vereinte Dienstleistungsgewerkschaft

ver.di is a large German trade union. It is the largest trade union in the world, with 2.6 million members. "ver.di" is an abbreviation for Vereinte Dienstleistungsgewerkschaft, which means "United Services Union."

In 2001 ver.di was formed when the Deutsche Angestellten Gewerkschaft (DAG) ("German Salaried Employees") merged with four unions of the Deutscher Gewerkschaftsbund (DGB) (DPG, HBV, ÖTV, IG Medien).


Deutscher Beamtenbund

Deutscher Beamtenbund (dbb) ("Civil Service Federation") is a national trade union center of Germany. 

The DBB was started in 1918 and organizes workers of public administration. 

DBB has a membership of 1,250,000 members. President is Peter Heesen


Gewerkschaft Deutscher Lokomotivführer

Gewerkschaft Deutscher Lokomotivführer (GDL) () is a trade union of Germany. Its president is Claus Weselsky , who took over from Manfred Schell in 2008.

The GDL has a membership of 34,000. Most members live in the old East Germany.
GDL is a member of the Deutscher Beamtenbund (dbb).


TRANSNET Gewerkschaft

TRANSNET, which stands for Transport, Service, and Networks, is a trade union in Germany. It represents 283,000 workers, and is one of eight industrial affiliations of the Deutscher Gewerkschaftsbund (DGB). Its president is Norbert Hansen.


Can-can

The can-can (also spelled "cancan") is a music hall dance, performed by a chorus line of female dancers who wear costumes with long skirts, petticoats, and black stockings, like the fashions of the 1890s. The can-can was first danced in low class ballrooms of Montparnasse in Paris about 1830. The dancers of the 1890s, such as La Goulue and Jane Avril, were highly paid for their appearances at the Moulin Rouge and elsewhere. The female dancers of the French Second Empire and the fin de siècle developed the various cancan moves.

The Galop from Jacques Offenbach's "Orpheus in the Underworld" is the tune most often played with the can-can (a somewhat simplified form and a more evolved one Can-Can ("Orpheus in the Underworld"). Performed on the accordion ).

The can-can was adapted as an American movie titled "Can Can"(1960), acted by Frank Sinatra and Shirley MacLaine with music by Cole Porter.

Jacques Offenbach

Jacques Offenbach (20 June 1819, in Cologne – 5 October 1880, in Paris) was a French composer and cellist of the Romantic era. He is seen as one of the originators of the operetta form. He was of German-Jewish descent. He was one of the most influential composers of popular music in Europe in the 19th century. Many of his works are still played today.

Offenbach's many operettas, such as "Orpheus in the Underworld", and "La belle Hélène", were extremely popular both in France and elsewhere in the 1850s and 1860s. They combined political and cultural satire with witty grand opera parodies. His popularity in France declined in the 1870s after the fall of the Second Empire. He fled France, but during the last years of his life, his popularity came back. Several of his operettas are still performed. While his name remains most closely associated with the French operetta and the Second Empire, it is Offenbach's one fully operatic masterpiece, "Les contes d'Hoffmann" ("The Tales of Hoffmann"), composed at the end of his career, that has become the most familiar of Offenbach's works in major opera houses.

Shane MacDougall

Shane MacDougall is a Canadian stand-up comedian, former columnist, television writer, and documentarian. Best known for his 1999 challenge to Queen Elizabeth II to a kickboxing match or math test for the monarchy of Canada, the challenge resulted in him receiving death threats but also brought much media attention to the burgeoning Canadian republican movement.

He is also known for The Dark Show, which in the late 1990s was Canada's longest running independent comedy show. Held at Toronto's famous Rivoli club, The Dark Show featured some of Canada's top comedians doing material on topics from school shootings to date rape, and also generated protests from some citizens.

For two years Shane was a comedy reporter and humorist for eye Weekly in Toronto, then in 2000 moved to New York City where he worked as a writer for various MTV shows. 

In 2005, MacDougall completed filming on a documentary entitled "Wiener Takes All", which followed the competitive dachshund racing circuit. The documentary screened such venues as the San Francisco Documentary Film Festival, the 27th Atlantic Film Festival, BendFilm, the Laguna Beach Film Society/Museum of Art, and the Oklahoma City Museum of Art.


Henri de Toulouse-Lautrec

Comte Henri Marie Raymond de Toulouse-Lautrec-Monfa (24 November 1864 – 9 September 1901) was a French painter of the Post-Impressionist period. He was born into a noble family, but lived for most of his life among the actors, dancers and prostitutes of Paris. He is famous for painting the lives of these people, the entertainment of Paris, and many portraits. 

He was expert at drawing and also made many printed posters to advertise entertainments.

In a 2005 auction at Christie's auction house a new record was set when "La blanchisseuse", an early painting of a young laundress, sold for $22.4 million U.S.

Henri Marie Raymond de Toulouse-Lautrec Monfa was born in Albi in the Midi-Pyrénées region of France. He was the oldest child of Count Alphonse and Countess Adèle de Toulouse-Lautrec. His mother and father were cousins. This is thought to have been a reason for his weakness and bad health. His younger brother was born on 28 August 1867, but died the following year.

Henri had two accidents when he was 13 and 14. He fractured (broke) the thigh bones of both his legs. They took a long time to heal, and never grew again. No-one knows exactly what caused this problem. As an adult he had a man-sized body but child-sized legs and was 1.54 m (5 ft 1 in) tall,

As a young man, Toulouse-Lautrec was not able to do many of the things that other men of his age liked doing. He had been good at drawing from the time he was a child. He spent his time drawing and painting instead of joining in sports and hunting. He travelled to Paris where he met other artists as well as writers, actors and dancers. The "night life" (entertainment) of Paris had so many colourful scenes and people to paint. His paintings are famous for showing the scenes of modern life in a way they had never been shown before. 

Toulouse-Lautrec lived in Montmartre, a part of Paris that was famous for its "bohemian" people: artists, poets, philosophers and poor students. He was called "the soul of Montmartre". He often visited the nightclubs such as the Moulin Rouge. He also spent a lot of time at the brothels in that area, and lived for a time at the brothel at des Moulins where he was a good friend to many of the women there. 

Toulouse-Lautrec painted scenes of the lives of these people, which were very shocking to some people in the polite society of Paris. As well as showing the dancing, singing, acting and circus performances that many people enjoyed, he also showed people in bed together, the sad faces of people who were addicts and the half-naked prostitutes lined up for STD medical examination. Many of his pictures were of women in lesbian relationships.

He painted the singer Yvette Guilbert, the dancer Jane Avril and the dancer Louise Weber, who was known as "La Goulue" ("Greedy-Guts"), famous for the leg-kicking dance called the "Can-Can", which is still danced at the "Moulin Rouge" to this day. Toulouse-Lautrec gave painting lessons to Suzanne Valadon, who was one of his models and may have also been his girlfriend. 

Henri Toulouse-Lautrec was an alcoholic for most of his adult life. He was put into a psychiatric hospital shortly before his death. He died from syphilis and problems caused by his alcoholism at his family's home in Malromé. He was nearly 37 years old. He is buried in Verdelais, Gironde, a few kilometres from his birthplace.

Throughout his working life of less than 20 years, Toulouse-Lautrec created 737 canvases, 275 watercolors, 363 prints and posters and 5,084 drawings. He also made some ceramics and stained glass After Toulouse-Lautrec's death, his mother, the Countess Adèle Toulouse-Lautrec, and his art dealer Maurice Joyant made his art famous. His mother gave money for a museum of his works to be built in Albi, his birthplace.

Several films have been made about Toulouse-Lautrec:



Feeling

Feeling can mean:


Alleghany County, North Carolina

Alleghany County is a county in the U.S. state of North Carolina. In 2020, 10,888 people lived there. Its county seat is Sparta.

The county was made in 1859 from the eastern part of Ashe County, North Carolina.

Alleghany County is part of the High Country Council of Governments.

Since it is in the mountains, Alleghany County has cooler summers than most other places in North Carolina. The temperature usually does not go above 85 °F in the summer. But in the winter the temperature is colder than most places in North Carolina.

These counties are connected to Alleghany County:

These are the biggest roads in Alleghany County:
These cities and towns are in Alleghany County:

Sparta, North Carolina

Sparta is a town in Alleghany County, North Carolina, United States. The population was 1,834 people as of the year 2020. It is the county seat of Alleghany County.

The Sparta Teapot Museum is being built right now and should be finished by the summer of 2008.

Anson County, North Carolina

Anson County is a county in the U.S. state of North Carolina. In 2020, 22,055 people lived there. Its county seat is Wadesboro.

The county was made in 1750 from Bladen County.

In 1753, the northern part of Anson County became Rowan County. In 1762 the western part of the county became Mecklenburg County. In 1779 the northern part of the county became Montgomery County, and the part east of the Pee Dee River became Richmond County. And in 1842 the western part of Anson County was combined with the southeastern part of Mecklenburg County to make Union County.

In 1985 most of the movie The Color Purple (film), starring Oprah Winfrey and Whoopi Goldberg along with Danny Glover, was filmed in Anson county.

Anson County is part of the Centralina Council of Governments.

These counties are connected to Anson County:

These cities and towns are in Anson County


Wadesboro, North Carolina

Wadesboro is a town in Anson County, North Carolina, United States. The population was 5,008 people as of the year 2020. It is the county seat of Anson County.

Alexander County, North Carolina

Alexander County is a county in the U.S. state of North Carolina. In 2020, 36,444 people lived there. Its county seat is Taylorsville.

Alexander County is part of the Western Piedmont Council of Governments.

These counties are connected to Alexander County:

These cities and towns are in Alexander County:


Ashe County, North Carolina

Ashe County is a county in the U.S. state of North Carolina. In 2020, 26,577 people lived there. Its county seat is Jefferson.

Native Americans used to live in Ashe County. Pieces of broken pottery, arrowheads, and other Native American things have been found in the county.

In 1849, the southwestern part of Ashe County was combined with parts of Caldwell County, Wilkes County, and Yancey County to make Watauga County. In 1859, the eastern part of Ashe County became Alleghany County.

These cities and towns are in Ashe County:

These counties are connected to Ashe County:


Long March

The Long March is the retreat of Mao Zedong and the Communists in 1934-35. The communists went to their stronghold away from Chiang Kai-shek and the Nationalists. Here they were able to join together and start fighting again to beat the Nationalists. They trekked 6,000 miles over 370 days, and only 8,000 survived out of 100,000 people. However, because they had survived such a difficult trial together the survivors were very dedicated and created a more cohesive group. Mao Zedong rose up as a leader during this time. 

The long march was over 12400 km, in one year. About 300,000 people started, and fewer than 10% finished. They climbed some mountains more than 4000 meters high,

Before the Long March, China had two sides: the nationalists and the communists. Both sides wanted to rule the country. This brought the Chinese Civil War. Chinese nationalists used 500,000 soldiers to remove the communists from Jiang Xi. They failed four times before. Now the nationalists changed the way to attack the communists, using encirclement (make a circle around the enemy army) to stop them from running away. The Communists leader Borgu tried to fight 500,000 soldiers face to face. But the problem is that the Jianxi communists just had 86,000 soldiers and more than half of them just had a broadsword and no guns. They failed to push the nationalist army back, so they tried to go to meet another communist army in Shaanxi. 

The Long March was an important event in Chinese history. It made the China communists army survival and change the way they fight the capitalism. The communists also choose Mao Zedong to became the leader of the communists and all the communist aligned armies in China. Afterward, countryside living and guerilla warfare would be used to fight their Nationalist-faction enemies.

The Long March also made the nationalists follow the communists and kill some local warlord leaders so they controlled more parts of China. They followed the communists all the way to Shaanxi and killed a lot of soldiers so that after World War II, the communists had very few soldiers. They took four years to get more soldiers so they could win the civil war.

The communists believed they won by making a lot of soldiers survive and successfully meet the Communists party in Shaanxi. They also said it is so successful to run away from 100,000 soldiers encirclement and about 200,000 soldiers hunt between the long march.

The Nationalists thought they were successful because the communists were running away from the battle and were forced to move to the other side of China. They killed at least half of the Red Army soldiers in China.

The reason they have different opinions is because their goals were very different: the Communists just wanted to survive the Nationalist army's attack. The Nationalists' goal was to destroy the Red Army in Jian Xi, making the communists weaker than before. It took the communists four years to rebuild their army and win the civil war.

Avery County, North Carolina

Avery County is a county in the U.S. state of North Carolina. In 2020, 17,571 people lived there. Its county seat is Newland. It is known for growing Fraser Fir Christmas trees. Avery County is part of the High Council of Governments. 

The county was made in 1911 from parts of Caldwell County, Mitchell County, and Watauga County. Avery County was the last county made in North Carolina.

These counties border, or connect to, Avery County:

These cities and towns are in Avery County:


Hersfeld-Rotenburg

Hersfeld-Rotenburg is a "Kreis" (district) in the east of Hesse, Germany.

In 1821 districts were created in Hesse, including the districts Hersfeld and Rotenburg, which stayed nearly unchanged after Hesse-Kassel was taken over by Prussia. In 1972 both districts were joined into one.


Rings of Rhea

The Saturnian moon Rhea may have a thin ring system with three narrow bands in a disk of solid particles. These would be the first rings seen around a moon. The discovery was announced in the journal "Science" on March 6 2008.

In November of 2005 the "Cassini" orbiter found that Saturn's magnetosphere near Rhea did not have energetic electrons. According to the discovery team, this is best explained by assuming they were absorbed by solid material in the form of an equatorial disk having denser rings or arcs, with particles perhaps many decimeters to about a meter in diameter.

"Voyager" 1 saw an area without as many energetic electrons trapped in Saturn's magnetic field downstream from Rhea in 1980. These measurements, which were never explained, were made at a farther distance than the "Cassini" data.

On November 26, 2005, "Cassini" made the one targeted Rhea flyby of its primary mission. It passed within 500 km of Rhea's surface, downstream of Saturn's magnetic field, and saw the resulting plasma wake as it had with other moons, such as Dione and Tethys. In those cases, there was a cutoff of energetic electrons as "Cassini" crossed into the moons' plasma shadows (the regions where the moons themselves blocked the magnetospheric plasma from reaching "Cassini)." However, in the case of Rhea, the electron plasma started to drop off at eight times that distance, and decreased gradually until the expected sharp drop off as "Cassini" entered Rhea's plasma shadow. The extended distance corresponds to Rhea's Hill sphere, the distance of 7.7 times Rhea's radius inside of which orbits are dominated by Rhea's rather than Saturn's gravity. When "Cassini" emerged from Rhea's plasma shadow, the reverse pattern occurred: A sharp surge in energetic electrons, then a gradual increase out to Rhea's Hill-sphere radius.

These readings are similar to those of Enceladus, where water coming out from its south pole absorbs the electron plasma. However, in the case of Rhea, the absorption pattern is symmetrical.

In addition, the Magnetospheric Imaging Instrument (MIMI) saw that this gentle gradient was punctuated by three sharp drops in plasma flow on each side of the moon, a pattern that was also nearly symmetric.

In August 2007, "Cassini" passed through Rhea's plasma shadow again, but farther downstream. Its readings were similar to those of "Voyager" 1.

There are no images or direct sightings of the material thought to be absorbing the plasma, but the likely candidates would be difficult to detect directly. Further sightings are planned for "Cassini"'s first mission extension, with a targeted flyby scheduled for March 2, 2010.

"Cassini"'s flyby path makes interpretation of the magnetic readings difficult.

The obvious candidates for magnetospheric plasma-absorbing matter are neutral gas and dust, but the quantities required to explain the seen decrease in electrons are far higher than "Cassini"'s measurements allow. Therefore the finders, led by Geraint Jones of the "Cassini" MIMI team, argue that the decrease of electrons must be caused by solid particles orbiting Rhea: 
An analysis of the electron data indicates that this obstacle is most likely in the form of a low optical depth disk of material near Rhea’s equatorial plane and that the disk contains solid bodies up to ~1 m in size.
The simplest explanation for the symmetrical punctuations in plasma flow are "extended arcs or rings of material" orbiting Rhea in its equatorial plane. These symmetric dips bear some similarity to the way by which the Rings of Uranus were found in 1977.

However, not all scientists are convinced that the seen signatures are caused by a ring system. No rings have been seen in images, which puts a very low limit at least on tiny dust-sized particles. Furthermore, a ring made of boulders would be expected to generate dust that would likely have been seen in the images.

Simulations suggest that solid bodies can stably orbit Rhea near its equatorial plane over astronomical timescales. They may not be stable around Dione and Tethys because those moons are so much closer to Saturn, and therefore have much smaller Hill spheres, or around Titan because of drag from its dense atmosphere.

Many suggestions have been made for the possible origin of rings. An impact could have brought material into orbit; this could have happened as recently as 70 million years ago. A small body could have been disrupted when caught in orbit about Rhea. In either case, the debris would eventually have settled into circular equatorial orbits. Given their long-term orbital stability, however, it is possible that they survive from the formation of Rhea itself.

For different rings to exist, something must separate them. Suggestions include moonlets or clumps of material within the disk, similar to those seen within Saturn's A ring.


Werra-Meißner-Kreis

Werra-Meißner is a "Kreis" (district) in the north of Hesse, Germany.

The district was created in 1974 by merging the two district Eschwege and Witzenhausen, which both existed with only slight modifications since 1821.

The main river in the district is the Werra. The "Hohe Meißner" with is the highest of the "Meißner" mountains. The river and the mountain gave the district its name.

The Hohe Meißner was also home to USA military forces up to the fall of the Berlin Wall in 1989. Soldiers of the Special Forces guarded the eavesdropping listening post situated on the hilltop.


Waldeck-Frankenberg

Waldeck-Frankenberg is a "Kreis" (district) in the north of Hesse, Germany.

The district was created in 1972 by merging the two districts Frankenberg and Waldeck. Most of the area of the district was previously part of the old principality of Waldeck.


Schwalm-Eder-Kreis

Schwalm-Eder is a "Kreis" (district) in the north of Hesse, Germany.

The district has partnerships with

The two rivers Schwalm and Eder gave the district its name.


Velvet Revolver

Velvet Revolver (VR), was a Grammy Award-winning rock supergroup that started in 2002. The members of the band were three Guns N' Roses band members Slash (lead guitar), Duff McKagan (bass, backing vocals) and Matt Sorum (drums, backing vocals) and Wasted Youth bassist Dave Kushner (rhythm guitar). Stone Temple Pilots' Scott Weiland was previously the lead singer. He joined the band after Stone Temple Pilots broke up in 2003. The band got success with their first album "Contraband" in 2004 and released their second album "Libertad" in 2007. Scott left the band in 2008, though he did one more one-off show with the band in 2012. Velvet Revolver had had several searches for a new singer since then, but had yet to announce a replacement.




Manchu people

The Manchu people are a Tungusic people who came from Manchuria (today's Northeastern China). In ancient times they were called "Juchen". During their rise in the seventeenth century they conquered the Ming Dynasty and founded the Qing Dynasty, which ruled China until the Xinhai Revolution in 1911, which established a republican government in its place.

The Qing Dynasty required by law that all males must wear a hairstyle called the Manchu queue, in which men had to shave the front of their heads and wear a long braid on the back of their heads.

the Jurchens (Manchus) were former Ming subjects but were rejecting their previous status and revolting when Nurhaci declared the Later Jin dynasty in 1616 and his Seven Grievances in 1618 calling for revenge against the Ming killing his father and grandfather.

Local Han civilian militias were used by the Qing government during the White Lotus rebellion instead of using extra Manchu bannermen.

Manchu bannermen and Mongol Bannermen in the banner garrison of Zhenjiang, including the Manchu banner commander Hailong, committed suicide after slaughtering their own wives and children after the British defeated them in the Battle of Chinkiang in 1842. The Manchu bannermen of the banner garrison in Zhapu killed their own wives and children before committing suicide after the British defeated them in the Battle of Chapu in 1842 while the non-banner Han Chinese soldiers did not commit suicide and stayed alive. Han Green Standard Army soldiers abandoned the Manchu bannermen to die. British witnesses said that the Manchu population of the Zhenjiang garrison was effectively extinct as the corpses of Manchu men, women and children littered the garrison. "Dead bodies of Tartars in every house we entered, principally women and children thrown into wells or otherwise murdered by their own people. A great number of those who escaped our fire committed suicide after destroying their families; the loss of life has been appalling, and it may be said that the Manchu race in this city is extinct."

In Zhenjiang, As the Manchu garrison had been in the habit of calling the Chinese .6 disloyalists , ” the Fu Kien braves sided with the enemy and set fire to the town . The foreigners then got over the wall and burnt the Manchu quarter, the Assistant Tartar-General and the Acting Sub-Prefect losing their lives, and the taotai escaping to Kashing, which place, as also Hangchow, was now threatened too. Han Chinese civilians gathered to watch the British kill the Manchus in the battle of Zhenjiang, even brining bowls of rice while spectating : "... and their fellow - countrymen , and in danger themselves , from their position , of being shot , were coolly employed eating their bowls of rice ." The British observed the Manchus killing their own children and wives and committing suicide as they lost : “As we marched along the walls, I saw, what as a novice in this description of warfare shocked me much, old men, women and children, cutting each other's throats, and drowning themselves by the dozen; and no one either attempting or apparently showing any inclination to save the poor wretches, nor in fact regarding them with more notice than they would a dead horse carried through the streets of London to the kennel." “ After we had forced our way over piles of furniture, placed to barricade the door, we entered an open court strewed with rich stuffs and covered with clotted blood; and upon the steps leading to the hall of ancestors,' there were two bodies of youthful Tartars cold and stiff, much alike, apparently brothers. Having gained the threshold of their abode, they had died where they had fallen, from the loss of blood. Stepping over these bodies, we entered the hall, and met, face to face, three women seated, a mother and two daughters; and at their feet lay to bodies of elderly men, with their throats cut from ear to ear, their senseless heads resting upon the feet of their relations. To the right were two yonng girls, beautiful and delicate, crouching over, and endeavoring to conceal a living soldier."

Southern Han Chinese coolies helped the British and French destroy Qing Manchu Eight Banner armies at the Battle of Taku Forts (1860).

25,000 Manchus were slaughtered by Taiping forces in Nanjing.

At the Temple of Heaven all seven daughters of the Manchu official Yulu were gang raped on August 11 by Eight Nation Alliance soldiers after Yulu committed suicide.

Women's chastity was guarded by keeping them in the inner quarters of the house in Han culture and Manchus adopted this practice from Han after the Qing was founded.

The Manchu are still a separate ethnicity from the Han Chinese and are categorized as a separate ethnic minority by the government of China but the majority of Manchus no longer speak their own language much as the majority of the Irish people remain separate from English but speak English as their first language.


Kristanna Loken

Kristanna Sommer Loken or Kristanna Sommer Løken (born October 8, 1979) is an American actress known for her work in both film and television, and a former fashion model. She is perhaps known as T-X from the movie (2003) and Rayne from the movie Bloodrayne (2006).

All of Loken's four grandparents were immigrants to the United States from Norway. She is openly bisexual.




Geneva

Geneva (, , , , ) is the second biggest city in Switzerland. Only Zürich is bigger. Geneva is the biggest city in Romandy (the French-speaking part of Switzerland).

Geneva is the capital of the Republic and Canton of Geneva. It is situated where the Rhône River leaves Lake Geneva (called in French "Lac Léman").

Geneva is a very important financial and diplomatic center. There are many international organizations in Geneva, including the United Nations and the Red Cross. A 2009 survey states that Geneva has the third highest quality of living in the world (narrowly outranked by Zürich).

Internationally, Geneva is strongly associated with the Geneva Conventions.

"Geneva" was first written about as a border town, set up to protect the Roman Empire against the Helvetii. The Romans took the city in 120 B.C. In A.D. 443 it was taken by Burgundy, and with the latter fell to the Franks in 534. In 888 the town was part of the new Kingdom of Burgundy, and with it was taken over in 1033 by the German Emperor.
From 1154 the bishops of Geneva had the status of prince of the Holy Roman Empire, but the counts of Geneva and later the counts of Savoy were "guardians", always ready to take over from the bishops. In 1290 the counts of Savoy got the right to appoint a deputy ruler (vice-dominus) of the diocese, the title of Vidame of Geneva was granted to the family of count François de Candie of Chambéry-Le-Vieux a Chatellaine of the Savoy. The "vidominus" or Curia Viscount of Geneva, had legal and financial powers over the town, under the control of the Bishop and the Duchy of Savoy.

In 1387 Bishop Adhémar Fabry granted the town its great charter, the basis of its communal self-government, which every bishop on his accession was expected to confirm. The last Count of Geneva died in 1394, and the House of Savoy took over their land. In 1416 the counts became dukes, and kept trying to bring the city of Geneva under their control, often by making members of their own family to Bishops of Geneva. The city protected itself by joining the Swiss Federation ("Eidgenossenschaft"), uniting itself in 1426 with Berne and Fribourg.
In the Protestant Reformation Bern favoured the new Protestant teaching and demanded liberty of preaching for the Reformers Guillaume Farel and Antoine Froment, but Catholic Fribourg renounced in its union with Geneva in 1511. Later the Protestant leader John Calvin was based in Geneva from 1536 to his death in 1564.

At the Congress of Vienna (1814-15) the territory of Geneva was enlarged to cover 15 Savoyard and 6 French parishes, with more than 16,000 Catholics; at the same time it became a part of the Swiss Confederation. The treaty said that Catholic religion was to be protected, and that no changes were to be made without agreement with the Holy See. Later, Pope Pius VII made the cities of Geneva and Lausanne a new diocese of and part of Geneva diocese that was in France part of the French diocese of Annecy.

The Protestant and Old Catholic churches got money from the city taxes, but the Roman Catholics did not. On 30 June 1907, most of the Catholics of Geneva voted for the separation of Church and State.

Geneva is located at 46°12' North, 6°09' East, at the south-western end of Lake Geneva, where the lake meets the Rhône River. It is surrounded by two mountain chains, the Alps and the Jura.

The city of Geneva has an area of . The area of the Canton of Geneva is .

The altitude of Geneva is 373.6 m. This is the altitude of the largest of the Pierres du Niton, two large rocks in the lake that are used as a reference point for surveying in Switzerland.
The second main river of Geneva is the Arve River which flows into the Rhône River just west of the city centre.

Geneva has a temperate oceanic climate ("Cfb" in the Köppen climate classification). Winters are cool and generally a little cloudy. During the winter, it is possible to have several days without thawing, and a day or two with severe freezes where the thermometer displays -10 °C. There are several days each month when, if anticyclonic conditions are stable, the clouds may stay for several days. From March, with temperatures rising it feels like summer in late May. However, the rain intensifies and often has a stormy character during the month of May. These may be short but strong storms depositing several centimetres of rain within just a few minutes. Summers are often hot and rather humid, although some may be more changeable, the mornings remain relatively fresh. During the summer season, the rains are less frequent but more intense. This is the season where you most likely get thunderstorms with hail. If the weather in early September is still hot, it cools down quickly to become really cold in November. The morning frosts are then reappearing. Autumn is also the season of mists, and the month of October is often the month with the most fog in the year. The fog can be very intense, restricting vision to less than 100 m in the areas outside the city.
The highest temperature ever recorded in Geneva was on 7 July 2015.

The city's main newspaper is the Tribune de Genève, a daily newspaper founded on 1 February 1879 by James T. Bates, with a readership of about 187,000.
Le Courrier, founded in 1868, was originally supported by the Roman Catholic Church, but has been completely independent since 1996. Mainly focused on Geneva, Le Courrier is trying to expand into other cantons in Romandy. Both Le Temps (headquartered in Geneva) and Le Matin are widely read in Geneva, but both actually cover the whole of Romandy.

Geneva is covered by the various French language radio networks of the Swiss Broadcasting Corporation, in particular the Radio Suisse Romande. While these networks cover the whole of Romandy, special programs related to Geneva are sometimes broadcast on some of the local frequencies in the case of special events such as elections. Other local station broadcast from the city, including RadioLac (FM 91.8 MHz), Radio Cité (Non-commercial radio, FM 92.2 MHz), OneFM (FM 107.0 MHz, also broadcast in Vaud), and World Radio Geneva (FM 88.4 MHz), Switzerland's only English-language radio station.

The main television channel covering Geneva is the Radio Télévision Suisse (RTS); while its headquarters are in Geneva, the programmes cover the whole of French-speaking Switzerland. Léman Bleu is a local TV channel, founded in 1996 and distributed by cable. Because Geneva is nearly surrounded by France, many French television and radio channels can be picked up in Geneva.

Theatre
Most theatre in Geneva is in French, however there are several companies that stage regular English productions.

Cinema
Movie going is a favorite activity in Geneva and there are plenty of theaters throughout the city. Most movies are dubbed into French. Because of the number of English speakers in the city movies may also be subtitled.

Restaurants
In has over 1,000 restaurants, so it is the undisputed capital of cuisine in Switzerland. However eating out can be expensive, and many people drive the few kilometres over the border into France where prices are lower.

Since 1818, a particular chestnut tree is used as the official "herald of the spring" in Geneva. The "sautier" (secretary of the Parliament of the Canton of Geneva) observes the tree and notes the day of arrival of the first bud. While this event has no practical impact, the sautier issues a formal press release and the local newspaper will usually mention the news. In 2007, the first bud appeared on 2 March.

Geneva celebrates Jeune genevois on the first Thursday following a Sunday in September. By local tradition, this commemorates when the news of the St. Bartholomew's Day massacre of Huguenots reached Geneva. The Genevois (people of Geneva) joke that the federal equivalent holiday, "Jeune fédéral", is celebrated two weeks later on account of the rest of the country being a bit slow on the uptake.

Genevans also traditionally celebrate the failure of a Savoyard attempt to invade the city in 1602. The celebration, which takes place in December, is called L'Escalade, and includes a parade in the Old Town, a marathon, and numerous costume parties across the city. Inhabitants generally eat vegetable stew to commemorate a fictional character called Mère Royaume who is said to have thrown boiling hot soup on the Duke of Savoy's men when they were climbing the walls of the city during the night (hence the name L'Escalade, which means "the climb" in French). Traditionally, children are encouraged to knock on people's doors and sing songs in old Genevan, while teenagers generally throw eggs and flour at each other. Another tradition is to cross a pot made of chocolate filled with marzepan vegetables while saying "and so perished the enemies of the Republic".

The main sport team in Geneva is Servette FC, a football club founded in 1890 and named after a borough on the right bank of the Rhône River. Servette was the only club to have remained in the top league in Switzerland since its creation in the 1930s; however, in 2005, management problems caused the bankruptcy of the club's parent company, causing the club to be demoted two divisions lower. It is now playing in second division. Geneva is also home of the Genève-Servette Hockey Club, who play in the Swiss Nationalliga A.

The city of Geneva is divided into 8 "quartiers" or districts, often made up of several conglomerated neighborhoods. On the Left Bank (Rive Gauche) these include Jonction, Centre / Plainpalais / Acacias, Eaux-Vives and Champel while the Right Bank includes Saint-Jean / Charmilles, Servette / Petit-Saconnex, Grottes / Saint-Gervaise and Paquis / Nations.

As of 2005, the population of the Commune (city) of Geneva was 185,028, while 441,000 people lived in the Canton of Geneva; around 960,000 people live in the Geneva urban community, which extends into Vaud Canton and neighbouring France.

The population of the Canton is split between 148,500 people originally from Geneva (33.7%), 122,400 Swiss from other cantons (27.6%) and 170,500 foreigners (38.7%), from 180 different countries. Including people holding multiple citizenship, 54.4% of people living in Geneva hold a foreign passport.

While Geneva is usually considered a Protestant city, there are now more Roman Catholics (39.5%) than Protestants (17.4%) living in the Canton. 22% of the inhabitants claim not to be religious, the rest being shared between Islam (4.4%), Judaism (1.1%), other religions and people who did not respond.

Geneva's economy is mainly services oriented. The city has an important and old finance sector, which is specialized in private banking (managing assets of about 1 trillion USD) and financing of international trade. It is also an important centre of commodity trade.

Geneva hosts the international headquarters of companies like JT International (JTI), Mediterranean Shipping Company, Serono, SITA, Société Générale de Surveillance and STMicroelectronics. Many other multinational companies like Caterpillar, DuPont, Electronic Arts, Hewlett-Packard, INVISTA, Procter & Gamble and Sun Microsystems have their European headquarters in the city too.

There is a long tradition of watchmaking (Baume et Mercier, Chopard, Franck Muller, Patek Philippe, Rolex, Raymond Weil, Omega, etc.). Two major international producers of flavours and fragrances, Firmenich and Givaudan, have their headquarters and main production facilities in Geneva.

Many people also work in the numerous offices of international organizations in Geneva (about 24,000 in 2001).

Geneva Motor Show is one of the most important international auto-shows. The show is held at Palexpo, a giant convention centre located next to the International Airport. The show is so important that the Jet d'Eau is switched on for longer than usual because of all the visitors in the city during the show.

The city is served by the Geneva Cointrin International Airport. It is connected to both the Swiss railway network SBB-CFF-FFS, and the French SNCF network, including direct connections to Paris, Marseille and Montpellier by TGV. Geneva is also connected to the motorway systems of both Switzerland (A1 motorway) and France.

Public transport by bus, trolleybus or tram is provided by "Transports Publics Genevois" (TPG). In addition to an extensive coverage of the city centre, the network covers most of the municipalities of the Canton, with a few lines extending into France. Public transport by boat is provided by the Mouettes Genevoises, which link the two banks of the lake within the city, and by the "Compagnie Générale de Navigation sur le lac Léman" (CGN) which serves more distant destinations such as Nyon, Yvoire, Thonon, Evian, Lausanne and Montreux using both modern diesel vessels and vintage paddle steamers.

Trains operated by SBB connect the airport to the main station of Cornavin in six minutes, and carry on to towns such as Nyon, Lausanne, Fribourg, Montreux, Neuchâtel, Berne, Sion, Sierre, etc. Regional train services are being increasingly developed, towards Coppet and Bellegarde. At the city limits, two new stations have been created since 2002: Genève-Sécheron (close to the UN and the Botanical Gardens) and Lancy-Pont-Rouge.

In 2005, work started on the CEVA (Cornavin - Eaux-Vives - Annemasse) project, first planned in 1884, which will connect Cornavin with the Cantonal hospital, the Eaux-Vives station and Annemasse, in France. The link between the main station and the classification yard of La Praille already exists; from there, the line will go mostly underground to the Hospital and the Eaux-Vives, where it will link up to the existing line to France. Support for this project was obtained from all parties in the local parliament.

Taxis in Geneva can be difficult to find, and may need to be booked in advance especially in the early morning or at peak hours. In addition, which may be surprising in a modern country like Switzerland, taxis often refuse to take babies and children.
The University of Geneva was founded by John Calvin in 1559. The International School of Geneva is the oldest international school in the world. It was founded in 1924 along with the League of Nations.

Geneva is also home to one of the most prestigious graduate schools of international relations, the Graduate Institute of International Studies. Other international schools include the International School of Geneva and Institut International de Lancy (founded in 1903).

The Geneva School of Diplomacy and International Relations is a private university located on the grounds of the Château de Penthes, an old castle with a park and view of Lac Leman.

The Canton of Geneva's public school system has "écoles primaires" (4-12), "cycles d'orientation" (12-15), and the post-obligatory "collèges" (15-19), the oldest of which is the Collège Calvin. It is housed in the ancient buildings of the University of Geneva, and could be considered one of the oldest public schools in the world.

Geneva also has a wide choice of reputed private schools.

As the Geneva authorities say, the history of the city is closely related to that of the foreign communities. Ever since the migration of foreigners to Geneva, these communities have found refuge, bringing their know-how, their customs and hope of a new life. They have widely participated in the international influence of Geneva, to its economic prosperity, and also to the spreading of views and of science. 
Many other communities or minorities are also very well represented in Geneva, including sexual minorities, with no less than three organizations: Dialogai, a gay organization; Lestime, a lesbian organization; and association 360, an LGBT organization. The Gay International Group (Geneva, Switzerland) is a good resource for gay foreigners, tourists or expatriates. Also, a new LGBT group has debuted within the University of Geneva itself, called "Think Out". This group addresses students and professors linked directly or indirectly with the matter of sexual diversity.

There are a lot of different communities in Geneva. Even if Geneva is supposed to be the Protestant Rome, many religions are represented in Geneva. The Plymouth Brethren have a thriving assembly there, established since the days of John Nelson Darby. Besides the Protestants, the Catholic religion becomes more influential thanks to immigration from Latin countries. The Jewish community is one of the oldest of Switzerland, and the more recent Muslim community is emerging in this tolerant city.

Geneva is the seat of the European headquarters of the United Nations and of many other inter-governmental organizations, including:
Geneva was the seat of the League of Nations between 1919 and the league's dissolution in 1946. It was first housed in the Palais Wilson, and then in the Palais des Nations, which now hosts the United Nations. Numerous international non-governmental organizations have also elected Geneva as their headquarters, including:





Concubinage

Concubinage is the state of a woman in a relationship with a man of higher social status that gives her less rights than a marriage. In most of the cases the man has an official wife and one or more concubines. Concubines have only limited rights of support from the man, and their children have lower status than children born by the official wife or wives; these legal rights distinguish a concubine from a mistress.

Historically, the family of a girl were in favour of a concubinage with a mighty man, as it brought economic security. But concubinage could also mean sexual slavery.
In the Western world there is no legal status of concubines, as only monogamous marriages are recognized. Any other relationship does not enjoy legal protection; the woman is necessarily a mistress.


Mistress (lover)

A mistress is a man's long term female sexual partner and companion who is not married to him. This term is especially used when the man is married to another woman. The relationship is generally stable; however, the couple do not live together openly. Also, the relationship is usually but not always secret. Rather often the man is paying for some of the woman's living expenses. A mistress has no legal relationship to the man, that makes the difference to the status of a concubine.

The term can also be used to describe the "other" companion in a female same-sex marriage. Likewise, a woman may be married to a man and have a mistress of her own.

Historically, the term was used for women who could afford a comfortable lifestyle, because a wealthy man financed that so that she will be available for his sexual pleasure. Such a woman could move between the roles of a mistress and a courtesan. Today however, the word "mistress" is used primarily to refer to the female companion of a man who is married to another woman; in the case of an unmarried man it is usual to speak of a "girlfriend".

The historically best known and most researched mistresses are the royal mistresses of European monarchs, for example Madame de Pompadour. 
In the courts of Europe, particularly Versailles and Whitehall in the 17th and 18th centuries, a mistress often had great power and influence. A king might hold numerous mistresses but have a single "favourite mistress" or "official mistress" (in French, "maîtresse en titre"), as with Louis XV and Madame de Pompadour.

Eastern Front

Eastern Front can be one of the following:


Italian Campaign

Italian Campaign can mean the following:


List of counties in Wisconsin

The following is a list of the counties of Wisconsin:

Eastern Front (World War I)

The Eastern Front of World War I was the theatre in which Germany and Austria-Hungary fought against the Russian Empire. Planning places to concentrate forces was very important because there were few railways on the Eastern Front, and troops could not be moved and reinforced as quickly as on the Western Front. 

Russia lost many battles, but its overall situation improved as Russia improved its forces, and more and more allies entered the war. The Eastern Front ended when the Russian Civil War broke out in 1917. The communists signed a peace treaty with Germany so that they could focus on winning the civil war.


Gibbon

Gibbons belong to the group of lesser apes. They are known for their ability to swing from one tree to another with great agility and swiftness. 

There are four genera of gibbons. Gibbons live in dense tropical forests, for example, in Sumatra, Thailand, and Malaysia.

Gibbons are the best tree travelers in the animal kingdom. They almost seem to be flying as they swing themselves hand over hand through the trees. Like great apes, gibbons can also walk upright on the ground. When they walk on the ground, gibbons hold their long arms in the air to keep them from dragging.

Gibbons are "singers" too. Their powerful voices travel for kilometers through the forests of Southeast Asia. At times, a male, a female, and their young get together and "sing" in a chorus. These sounds help groups of gibbons stay in contact. They also tell unwelcome visitors to stay away.

Gibbons stay busy for most of the day. They swing through the trees, looking for leaves, flowers, fruit, and insects to eat. When night falls, small groups settle down in familiar trees for the night.

Unlike most other primates, male and female gibbons are not very different in size and shape, although they may differ in color. The males are usually black, while the females tend to be ash blond. Female gibbons have one offspring per gestation period and live about 25 years.

The family is divided into four genera based on their diploid chromosome number: "Hylobates" (44), "Hoolock" (38), "Nomascus" (52), and "Symphalangus" (50).



Same-sex marriage

Same-sex marriage (also known as gay marriage) is a relationship in which two people of the same sex (same gender) live together as a family in a governmentally, socially, or religiously recognized marriage. Access to same-sex marriage is sometimes called "marriage equality", especially by supporters.

Marriage under civil law is presently available to same-sex couples in the following countries: Andorra Argentina, Australia, Austria, Belgium, Brazil, Canada, Chile, Colombia, Costa Rica, Denmark (including Greenland and Faroe Islands), Ecuador, Finland, France, Germany, Iceland, Ireland, Luxembourg, Malta, Mexico, Netherlands (Netherlands proper; pending in Aruba and Curaçao), New Zealand, Norway, Portugal, Slovenia, South Africa, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, Taiwan, United Kingdom, United States and Uruguay. In Ecuador, Taiwan and some states in Mexico, same-sex married couples are not allowed to adopt children the way other married couples are.

The Netherlands was the first country in modern times to allow marriages of two people of the same sex, in 2001. Same-sex marriage became legal everywhere in the United States in 2015. The Supreme Court ruled that not allowing same-sex couples to marry was unconstitutional. There are various faiths that practise same-sex marriages, including Eckankar, Wicca, Unitarian Universalism, Raelism, and Native American religions with a two-spirit tradition.

<nowiki>*</nowiki> This state controls one or more territories where same-sex marriage is not legal.

In the Netherlands, a same-sex marriage law does not actually exist. Back in 2001, the existing (normal) marriage law was 'only' changed, so that it now includes marriage of same-sex partners. This means that same-sex marriage in the Netherlands is not different from a normal marriage; it's exactly the same. The Dutch law says the following:

—Dutch civil law, book 1, article 30

That is consistent with the first article of the Dutch civil law, and with the Dutch constitution:

The first same-sex union in modern history was recognized by the government in Denmark in 1989. It provided many of the right of marriage, but not all. 

Civil unions, civil partnership, domestic partnership, unregistered partnership/unregistered co-habitation or registered partnerships that offer some of the benefits of marriage are available in the following countries and territories that do not provide same-sex marriage: Andorra, Croatia, Cyprus, Czech Republic, Estonia, Greece, Hungary (unregistered co-habitation since 1996; registered partnership from 2009), Israel, Italy, Liechtenstein, Veracruz in Mexico, Monaco, Montenegro, Aruba in the Netherlands, San Marino, Slovenia, and the UK possession of the Cayman Islands.

Same-sex marriage does not always mean marriage equality. In many countries, adoption law and reproductive rights are independent of marriage law. For example, same-sex couples may be allowed to marry, and "married" couples may be allowed to adopt children, but same-sex married couples may not be allowed to adopt. This was the situation in Portugal for several years. Currently (2023), same-sex married couples are prevented from adopting children in Ecuador, Taiwan, and several states of Mexico. On the other hand, a few countries have allowed same-sex couples to adopt children, even while they do not allow them to marry. Usually these countries have civil unions. An example in 2022 is Croatia.

The controversy over recognition of same-sex unions as marriages is a very important part of a larger debate about the definition of a family. Same-sex marriage is not considered as valid by many religions. Many others, however, see same-sex marriage as important for all people to be equal. They sometimes say that religions and law (Defense of Marriage Act, for example) who do not support same-sex marriage are intolerant (they do not show respect to other peoples' beliefs). Additionally, people married in civil unions usually do not enjoy all the benefits (lower taxes, health insurance etc.).

Various organizations exist in part to support the rights of homosexual or gay men and women to marry people of the same sex. One organization is the Human Rights Campaign or HRC.



Chiron (hypothetical moon)

Chiron is the name given to a moon of Saturn claimed to be sighted by Hermann Goldschmidt in 1861. It has since been determined that it does not exist as it was never seen again.

Dual monarchy

Dual monarchy is a union of two monarchies where the thrones of each monarchy are combined. A typical case is a personal union in which the crowns of the separate kingdoms are held by one person. The following are examples of dual monarchies, listed alphabetically with the dominant or co-dominant nation first:



Union

Union generally means that two or more things are joined into one. That can be an organization of several people or organizations, several objects combined into one, and so on. The term may mean:




The term student union can be used in either of two senses:

In the United States, the phrase more commonly refers to the building. The phrase "student government" or "student senate" is usually used when referring to the subject of the "Students' union" article.






Carl von Moers

Carl von Moers (9 December 1871 in Neuwied – 26 May 1957) was a German horse rider who competed in the 1912 Summer Olympics.

He and his horse "May-Queen" won the silver medal as members of the German team at the 1912 Summer Olympics. But he was 15th in the individual eventing competition.

He also participated in the individual dressage event at the 1912 Summer Olympics with his horse "New Bank". They finished twelfth.


Burnham Grammar School

Burnham Grammar School (BGS) is a grammar school in Burnham, Buckinghamshire. It was started in 1960. It is a community school. The school takes children from the age of 11 to the age of 18. The school has about 900 pupils. They are split into five houses.

The school has an all weather sports pitch which the Wycombe Wanderers first team sometimes train on.

In September 2004 the Department for Education and Skills (DfES) awarded the school status as a Science College.

The current head teacher is Dr Andrew Gillespie who took over from Cathy Long in January 2008.



Avant-garde

Avant-garde (pronounced ) in French means "front guard", "advance guard", or "vanguard". The term is commonly used in French, English, and German for people or works that are experimental or innovative, particularly in the areas of art, culture, and politics. 

Avant-garde represents a going against what is accepted as the norm, especially in culture. 



Avant-garde (disambiguation)

Avant-garde refers to experimental work in art, music, culture, or politics. It can also refer to:



Dumb Luck

Dumb Luck is a 2001 movie written and directed by Craig Clyde and starring Scott Baio, Tracy Nelson, Hal Linden and Eileen Brennan.


Gil Fates

Gil Fates (born Joseph Gilbert Fates on 29 September 1914 in Newark, New Jersey, United States; died 1 May 2000 in New York City, United States) was an American television producer. He produced many shows, like "What's My Line?". Fates also hosted "CBS Television Quiz", which was the first television game show to be shown often. Before World War 2, he was a stage actor.

Innovation

The classic definitions of innovation include: 

In economics, business and government policy,- something new - must be substantially different, not an unimportant change. In economics the change must increase value, customer value, or producer value. Innovations are intended to make someone better off, and the succession of many innovations grows the whole economy. 



Innovation (disambiguation)

Innovation may refer to one of the following.

Santieh River

The Santieh River is a river in Taiwan. It flows through Tainan County for .


Scott S. Sheppard

Scott S. Sheppard is an astronomer in the Department of Terrestrial Magnetism at the Carnegie Institution of Washington. He graduated from the Institute for Astronomy at the University of Hawaii.

He discovered many small moons of Jupiter, Saturn, Uranus and Neptune, the second known Neptune Trojan, 2004 UP10 as well as several Kuiper Belt Objects, Centaurs, and near Earth asteroids.

List of rivers of Taiwan

This is a list of rivers in Taiwan that are 19 kilometers or longer:



























List of mountains in Taiwan

Taiwan has a lot of mountains, and mountain climbing is a favorite activity of the and many Taiwanese people. A list of One Hundred Mountains Ranking () was created in 1971, which listed the best mountains for climbing on the island. Climbing all one hundred mountains is the greatest challenge for Taiwanese climbers.




Mario Kart DS

Mario Kart DS is a racing game developed and published by Nintendo for the Nintendo DS. It is the fifth game in the series and the first which used Nintendo's free online service, Nintendo Wi-Fi Connection. The game was released in the North America, Australia, and Europe in November 2005, and in Japan in December 2005, and in South Korea in which it is the very first Wi-Fi Connection game launched in April 2007.

It got very positive reviews, and scored an average of 91% from Metacritic.

Like other games in the "Mario Kart" series, "Mario Kart DS" involves characters from "Mario" games racing each other in go-karts on tracks themed from locations in the "Mario" series. The game, like other "Mario Kart" games, employs various weapons or items that players can use to help themselves or slow down others. These weapons make "Mario Kart" different from other racing games.

"DS" is the first "Mario Kart" game ever to have computer opponents in battle mode. In battle mode, up to eight carts have four balloons and battle each other until one wins. Another change is that players start with one balloon and must blow into the microphone to blow up other balloons. With fewer balloons, players get better items, but run the risk of getting knocked out early. With more balloons, they are safer, but get items that are not as good.

"DS" is also the first online "Mario Kart" title. It used the Nintendo Wi-Fi Connection. Players used "friend codes" and pick four tracks to race. Some tracks cannot be played over Wi-Fi because the game might slow down due to large obstacles.

Metacritic

Metacritic is a website which collects expert reviews for movies, TV, video games, music and formally books. It provides a Metascore, an average score out of 100 possible points based on published reviews. It has the score in one of three colours, red being negative, yellow being mixed and green being positive.


Marktbreit

Marktbreit am Main () is a town in Kitzingen in the Regierungsbezirk Unterfranken in Bavaria, Germany. It is at the most southern point of the Main river. Marktbreit is the birthplace of Alois Alzheimer who first identified the symptoms of what is now known as Alzheimer's disease. With its suburb , Marktbreit has about 3,700 residents.

Marktbreit is in Kitzingen, in Lower Franconia, Bavaria. Its territory is on the left bank of the Main river, at the river's southernmost curve. Kitzingen is upriver, while downriver are Ochsenfurt and Würzburg.

Marktbreit is on the southwestern edge of the district, where it borders on the districts of Neustadt (Aisch)-Bad Windsheim and Würzburg.

The town has two "Stadtteile": Marktbreit and Gnodstadt.

The municipality borders on (from the north clockwise): Marktsteft, Obernbreit, Martinsheim, Oberickelsheim, Ochsenfurt, Frickenhausen am Main and Segnitz.

Eclipse

An eclipse is an astronomical event. It is when one object in the sky moves into the shadow of another such object. When an eclipse happens within a system of stars, like the Solar System, it makes a type of syzygy. This means that three or more objects in the sky are lined up in a straight line in the same gravitational system.

The term "eclipse" is most often used to describe a "solar eclipse", when the Moon's shadow crosses the Earth's surface, or a "lunar eclipse", when the Moon moves into the shadow of Earth. No solar eclipse can last longer than 7 minutes and 58 seconds because of the speed at which the Earth and Moon move. 

When the Sun is not involved, the event is called occultation. 

The word comes from the ancient Greek noun ('), which is from the verb ('). This means "to cease (stop) to exist (be there)".

Lena Gercke

Lena Johanna Gercke is a model. She is the winner of the first cycle (season) of "Germany’s Next Topmodel" by Heidi Klum.

After a casting, Lena Gercke made it to the last 12 girls and eventually won the competition.


Twilight (novel series)

Twilight is a series of fantasy/romance books by Stephenie Meyer. A movie adaptation of "Twilight" came out in 2008, "" in 2009, "Eclipse" in 2010, and "Breaking Dawn," which was divided into two parts; the first part in 2011 and the second part in 2012.

Twilight is a book series with vampires and werewolves. It's by Stephenie Meyer.

In "Twilight", Bella moves from Phoenix, Arizona to Forks, Washington, to live with her father. She enrolls at Forks High School (which has a population of around 300 students). There she meets the Cullens, a family of vampires. However, because they believe it is not right, they do not drink human blood – they only drink animal blood. Because of this, they call themselves "vegetarians". They are described as beautiful and extremely pale, with golden eyes that turn black when they become thirsty. They are strong and can run very fast. Their skin is ice-cold. After becoming vampires, they do not physically change anymore. They do not grow older. When in the sun, they sparkle "like thousands of tiny diamonds were embedded in the surface," according to Bella in "Twilight".

Bella quickly falls in love with Edward Cullen, the youngest of the Cullens at 17 (though he was born in 1901). Bella is attached to him even after she finds out he is a vampire. Only Bella knows they are vampires, so she must tell no one of their existence.

One night, the Cullens are playing baseball, with Bella watching, when a smaller coven of vampires meets with them. These vampires are not vegetarians – they do drink human blood. James, one of the coven, attempts to attack Bella. However, he did not attack because he was outnumbered. 

Although James left Bella alive, he is a "tracker". That means he hunts down his prey and kills it, which he thinks of as a game. He plans on tracking Bella. She goes to Phoenix, Arizona to escape the deadly vampire, but he blackmails her into going to meet him. They meet at Bella's old dance studio, where Bella learns that her mother is still safe. James almost kills her, but the Cullens save her before she is dead. They kill James and get Bella safely to a hospital. The doctors tell her that she will make a full recovery in time, though she has broken her leg.

"New Moon" starts on September 13, Bella's 18th birthday. she had been dreading this day, because it would make her older than Edward, her vampire boyfriend. An incident happens at her birthday party, and Bella gets hurt. The fresh blood is too much for Jasper, the Cullen least committed to their diet, and he tries to attack her. Carlisle, the oldest vampire of the Cullens and the one most in control of himself, fixes her wound, and then Bella goes home.

Edward believes he is putting Bella in too much danger just by being around her. The Cullens leave, and Edward says goodbye to Bella after telling her that he does not love her anymore. Before leaving, he makes her promise not to do anything reckless, and then promises her that this would be the last time she saw him. She tries to follow him after he leaves, but ends up getting lost in the woods. She is found later that night by Sam Uley, a Quileute man from the nearby Indian reservation in La Push.

After that night, Bella goes into a depressed state. She does not talk to anyone, except to answer direct questions. She does not do anything except go to school and work. This is too much for her father, and he tells her that he is going to make her go to Florida to live with her mother. Bella protests this, and to make her father happy, she and her friend Jessica go to a movie.

After the movie, Bella has a delusion in which she hears Edward's voice clearly in her head. She "wakes up" after this. She decides to break her promise to him that she would not do anything stupid. She visits Jacob Black, her childhood friend, to see if he can fix up two motorcycles that she got for free. They quickly become friends. Jacob makes Bella happy for the first time since Edward left her.

When they ride the motorcycles for the first time, Bella hears Edward's voice again. She realizes that she hears it whenever she is in danger. She hears the delusion again when she meets Laurent, the other male in James' coven. He tells her that Victoria, James' mate, is out to seek revenge on Edward for killing James. He is about to kill Bella, when five large wolves chase him down and kill him.

Bella also learns of Sam Uley the day she first rides the motorcycle. Sam Uley and his "cult," as Jacob describes them, are cliff diving (jumping off the cliff in la Push into the water below, for fun). Jacob is scared that Sam is doing something to control the young men on he reservation. When Jacob suddenly breaks off their friendship, Bella suspects that Sam has gotten to him. When Jacob sees how upset Bella is over their broken friendship, he makes her guess that he is a werewolf, because he cannot tell anyone that, and also that it is dangerous for him to be around her. He tells Bella that Sam is a werewolf, and his cult was actually a pack of the werewolves in La Push. He says that their purpose is to keep their reservation safe and they call them selves "protectors", and reveals that they were the wolves she had seen who had chased down Laurent. He tells her that they are still trying to kill Victoria.

The werewolves are hunting Victoria one day, and Bella is alone on the beach in La Push. she decides to go cliff diving. She nearly drowns in the water, but Jacob saves her. Alice "sees" Bella jump off the cliff (Alice sees visions of the future) and goes to Forks to try to help Charlie with the loss. But she finds Bella still alive, and Bella is extremely happy at their reunion. 

Rosalie, the only Cullen who did not like Bella, tells Edward that Bella is dead. He plans to kill himself by going to Italy and asking the Volturi, vampire "royalty," to kill him. Bella and Alice go to Italy to show him that she is still alive. After barely escaping the Volturi, Edward, Alice, and Bella go back to Forks with the rest of the Cullens. They return to Forks, and Edward tells Bella that he was lying when he told her he did not love her, and that he would never leave her again. Bella takes the Cullens' votes, and everyone except Rosalie and Edward say she should join their family as a vampire (Rosalie had issues with becoming a vampire, and did not want Bella to make a choice she would regret; Edward was afraid that vampires had no soul or afterlife, and did not want Bella to lose her soul).

In "Eclipse", Jacob and Bella's friendship is shaken by the Cullens' return. Jacob will not visit Bella, or answer any of her telephone calls. This has Bella upset and wants to visit La Push, but she is still grounded for her sudden disappearance to Italy. Charlie blames Edward for Bella's depression, and restricted the time he spends at his house.

Charlie suddenly ungrounds Bella one day, and she is free to see Jacob. But when she plans one night to go see him, Edward has disabled her truck so she cannot go. He says that young werewolves are unsafe, that they can lose control and end up hurting those near them. Despite this, when he is away hunting, Bella goes to see Jacob.

Meanwhile, a string of murders are happening in Seattle, and the Cullens believe there is a "newborn" vampire loose in Seattle. However, as the number of murders increases, they begin to suspect an "army" of newborn vampires. Jasper tells Bella of his part in vampire wars in the South. He explained how vampires would create armies of newborn vampires to take control of cities, where there was more blood.

While Bella is away at the Cullens' one night, an intruder breaks into her house and steal some of her things, to get the scent of her blood. The Cullens do not know why or how this happened, but Bella realizes, the day of her graduation, that whoever had broken in was part of the newborn army in Seattle. He had taken her things so the others could find her.

When the werewolves find out about the newborn army, they decide to help the Cullens fight them. This greatly relieves Cullens, and the werewolves are excited about the fight. Alice, with her visions of the future, sees the newborns coming to a clearing near Forks to attack. To make sure Bella is safe, she is to go to a place in the mountains away from the fight. To make sure no one can follow her scent, Jacob Black carries her there. Edward and one of the younger werewolves would stay with her there while the battle goes on.

While the Cullens and werewolves fight in the clearing, Victoria and her "mate" Riley, follow Edward's scent to where he and Bella are. Edward kills Victoria, and he and the werewolf both help kill Riley. By the time they have done this, the fight in the clearing is over. But when one of the werewolves is attacked from behind by a newborn vampire who had been hiding, Jacob Black tries to rescue her, and gets hurt.

The Volturi arrive just after the fight is over. When the Volturi leave after a sort discussion with Cullens about what happened, Bella goes home, and then goes to visit Jacob. Bella tells him she loves him, but she loves Edward more, and cannot live without him. The epilogue is from Jacob's point of view. He receives an invitation to Bella and Edward's wedding and a note from Edward, saying that if he were in Jacob's place, he would have wanted the choice to go to the wedding. This angers Jacob, and he runs away as a werewolf, "letting Jacob Black disappear."

The book begins a few days before Bella and Edward's wedding. Jacob Black has still not returned after running away in the end of "Eclipse".

The wedding goes on as planned. Jacob Black unexpectedly returns at the wedding, and is happy to see Bella again. However, things go awry when Bella tells him she is going to have a "real honeymoon" with Edward. Jacob loses control of himself and almost phases into a werewolf. However, he is restrained by Seth, Sam and Edward.

Bella and Edward go on their honeymoon as planned, at Isle Esme, an island Carlisle bought and named after Esme. Things go as planned until Bella learns she is pregnant with Edward's child . They immediately go back to Forks, as the baby has vampire strength and is threatening Bella's life. Edward wishes for Carlisle to do an abortion. However, Bella and Rosalie refuse to let him, though the baby is draining all of Bella's strength.

When Jacob learns that Bella is "sick" at the Cullens' house, he thinks she is undergoing transformation into a vampire. He is overcome with anger, and runs to the Cullens' house, planning to kill them all. However, when he learns that Bella is pregnant with Edward's child, he goes back to La Push to tell the other werewolves. Believing that a vampire child would endanger all humans in the area, the rest of the pack plans to kill Bella and the child. However, Jacob refuses to let them. He breaks away from the pack and returns to the Cullens' house, to warn the Cullens and to help protect them. Leah and Seth Clearwater also break off from Sam's pack to join Jacob's pack.

When Bella's strength is almost completely gone, the Cullens realize that she may need vampire nourishment–blood. This turns out to help Bella gain back her strength, though the baby's kicks are getting stronger and threaten to break her ribs.

Later, Bella's placenta detaches in an accident, and the Cullens rush her to their makeshift delivery room. Rosalie leaves her side, unable to stand the smell of blood. Edward cuts the baby out of Bella's stomach while Jacob performs CPR. Edward successfully delivers the baby girl, Renesmee (who is half vampire, half human), but Bella is in critical condition with a broken spine and the bleeding wounds from Edward's surgery. After letting Bella hold Renesmee for a moment, Edward injects his venom directly into her heart and bites her several times as well. For the next three days, she becomes a vampire.

After Bella becomes a vampire, she goes on her first hunt with Edward. While hunting, she smells human blood and begins to track it. However, she stops herself and turns back. The Cullens realize that she has self-control that no newborn vampire has ever had. After this, Bella wants to see Renesmee. Jacob who imprinted on Renesmee, wants to test her before she gets near the baby. Bella passes the test and gets to hold Renesmee. While holding her, Bella finds out for the first time that Renesmee can show people her thoughts.

One day, Jacob, Renesmee, and Bella go to hunt in the forest. They see Irina, from the Denali coven. Irina came to make peace with the Cullen family for not fighting with them against Victoria. However, Irina sees Renesmee and thinks she is an "immortal child", a child who was turned into a vampire. These children are against the Volturi's laws, so Irina goes to tell the Volturi. Alice sees the Volturi coming to fight and she leaves because she knows that Aro, one of the Volturi, wants her more than anything. The Cullens spread out to find any vampires that could witness that Renesmee is not an immortal child and that she grows everyday. Bella asks Edward to teach her how to fight. In this process she learns that her superpower is being a shield. This means that she can protect others from other vampire powers.

When the Volturi come, all the vampire witnesses tell them that Renesmee is not an "immortal child." They leave them in peace and the Cullens continue into their blissful peace of forever .

The story tells Bree Tanner’s life as a newborn vampire and her connection with the other newborn vampires turned by Victoria in order to kill Bella. Bree makes friends, with sort of love interest with Diego, another vampire of the group, since both of them feel that they have been used and have doubts about the real intentions of their leader, plus: her vision is different and bloodless than other newborn vampires. Diego mysteriously disappears, leaving Bree even more confused and disconcert. Through the road, Bree makes friends with Riley, a relegated vampire, because of his power to release a terrible smell which upset other newborns. He will convince her to participate into the battle, leading her to a terrible end in hands of the Volturi who we will get to know through Eclipse history.

Isabella Marie Swan was born on September 13, 1987 to Renée and Charlie Swan, a young couple living in the small town of Forks, Washington. Bella's parents divorced when Bella was six months old, and Renée took Bella with her when she moved to Phoenix, Arizona. She is the main character of the series. She leaves Phoenix, Arizona, to live with her father, Charlie, in Forks, Washington. Her mother, Charlie's ex-wife, had recently remarried to a minor league baseball player named Phil Dwyer. Because he played baseball, they were almost constantly traveling, and Bella felt like she was getting in the way. In Forks, Bella falls in love with Edward. In "Breaking Dawn", Bella is transformed into a vampire and has a special talent called "shield." The series revolves around the romance between Bella and Edward.

She has pale skin, brown eyes, and brown hair. She is extremely clumsy and non-athletic, and has a string of bad luck. Felix from the Volturi says in Breaking Dawn: "Immortality suits you...". She describes herself as never being the best at anything and never winning prizes as there were not any for reading books. She also hates anything to do with birthdays and expressing her feelings. She does not like being center of attention and hates her first days at Forks as it's a small town and nothing very interesting happens so she becomes the center of attention.

Charlie Swan is Isabella's father and he is the ex-husband of Bella's mother, Renee. He is the Chief of Police in Forks were he has resided alone since Bella was an infant. His hobbies include fishing and watching football games on television. Charlie is a very reserved person and does not hover over his daughter, Bella. He is good friends with Billy Black, Jacob`s father.
Charlie is weary of Edward and later favors Jacob over Edward. After he is told that Jacob was seriously injured while riding a motorcycle, Charlie changes his mind and sees Edward in a more favorable light. Charlie is over-protective of Bella and it would crush him inside if anything serious ever happened to Bella. He is embarressed when talking about feelings and Bella has inherited most of his core traits.

Edward Cullen is the youngest (physically) of the Cullens, at 17. He resists killing Bella even though her blood smells extremely appetizing to him. He has bronze hair and "liquid topaz" eyes. Like all vampires, he has extremely pale skin that sparkles in the sunlight, and can run at very high speeds (the fastest in his coven/family). He can also read people's minds. However, he cannot read Bella's mind.He feels that she is an enigma to him.He loves her more than his life and would like to give her everything present in this world.

He was born in 1901, in Chicago, Illinois, to his mother Elizabeth Masen. As a young man during World War I, he wanted to join the army. However, during an epidemic of the Spanish Influenza, his mother and father died and he became very sick. Carlisle, already a vampire, was working in the hospital at the time, and cared for Edward's mother as she died. Just before she died, she asked him to save Edward's life in the way "others do not have", and Carlisle wondered if she knew his secret. He took both Edward and his dead mother to the hospital morgue, and then he took Edward home and turned him into a vampire.

Jacob Black is a Quileute who lives on the nearby Indian reservation who knew Bella as a child. In the first book, Bella uses him to find out about the Cullens. He tells her the tribe's legends, unknowingly breaking the old treaty between the werewolves and vampires. He does not believe the legends are true.

In "New Moon", Bella becomes friends with Jacob after Edward leaves her. Their friendship becomes troubled when Jacob turns into a werewolf. He is told not to see Bella, because if he loses his temper, he will transform into a wolf and could end up hurting her if she is too close by. However, when Bella tells him that there is a vampire hunting her, he realizes that leaving her alone would be more dangerous than staying away from her. Bella visits Jacobs house and his father says he is not in. Bella refuses and bursts in and sees him sleeping. Bella then peers out the window and can see Jacobs ' Tribe Mates'. Troubled by what they had done, she storms outside yelling, "Sam". One of the pack gets ratty and Bella loses it, giving him a hard slap round the face. One of the other pack members told her to run. The werewolf Bella slaps gets so angry he turns into a werewolf. Jacob wakes up just in time.

In "Eclipse", Jacob openly tells Bella that he loves her even if she does not love him back. He eventually gets Bella to kiss him, finding out that she loves him too, but not as much as she loves Edward. At the end of "Eclipse", Jacob runs away to Canada to escape from his troubled human life and does not return until Bella's wedding in "Breaking Dawn" where he becomes overwhelmingly jealous of Edward and Bella's wedding and attempts to pick a fight. When Bella goes through "changes", he fights for her life as she dies while finding his place in the werewolf pack. In the end he imprints on Bella's daughter, Renesmee.

In all books, Jacob is a strong and true friend to Bella and an enemy to Edward. He loves Bella in each book, at different degrees. 
Renesmee is the daughter of Bella and Edward. Her name "Renesmee" is a cross between the names Renee and Esme. "Carlie" is a cross between Charlie and Carlisle. Her nickname is Nessie. Though Bella disapproves of this name at first (because "Nessie" is the nickname of the Loch Ness Monster) she comes to accept it.

Half-vampire, she has vampire strength which threatens Bella's life during the pregnancy. Despite the danger to her life, Bella does not let Carlisle perform an abortion. Even in Bella's womb, Renesmee did not like to eat human food; Bella had to drink blood to feed her. Towards the end of the pregnancy, Edward began to hear Renesmee's thoughts from inside Bella, and found out that she already loved her mother, and tried not to hurt her. This made Bella even more determined to see the pregnancy through.

Renesmee grows more quickly and rapidly than human children. She was born only a few weeks after being conceived and continued to grow rapidly after being born. However, she will stop aging once she reaches full growth (the Cullen family discover this when they meet Nahuel, a half-human, half-vampire boy who is almost a century old). Renesmee has a special talent, like her parents; she has the ability to show her memories to whomever she touches. As an infant, she uses this ability to talk to people. She is very important to Bella and Edward as they do not know whether she will be able to live as a vampire or a human.

The son of an Anglican pastor, Carlisle was raised during a time of religious persecution. His father led hunts for witches, werewolves, and vampires all in the name of ridding the world of evil. As his father grew older, Carlisle was placed in charge of the raids. Carlisle wasn’t as enthusiastic about killing as his father was, but he was clever enough to discover a coven of true vampires living in the sewers of the city. He set a trap for the vampires and chased one down. Carlisle believes that the vampire was actually too hungry to run and consciously decided to attack. The vampire fell on Carlisle and left him bleeding in the streets after killing two other men and taking off with a third. Knowing how his father would react, Carlisle crawled into a cellar and buried himself in rotting potatoes for the three days of the change. When he emerged, he was a vampire. At first he tried to destroy himself by jumping from great heights or drowning in the ocean. Somehow, he was so repelled by what he was that he resisted feeding off of humans. He even tried to kill himself with starvation.Eventually the thirst was too powerful and he attacked a herd of passing deer. He found that living off of the blood of animals could sustain his life and was infinitely more humane than taking the life of a human. Over the course of two centuries, he developed a sort of immunity to the scent of human blood and was able to become a medical doctor. Carlisle is the one who changes Edward, Esme, Rosalie and Emmett into vampire. He is immune to blood now and therefore can be in a room covered in blood and not attack. Carlisle also spent some time working with the Volturi.


Karl Popper

Sir Karl Popper CH FRS FBA (28 July 1902 – 17 September 1994) was an Austrian and British philosopher and a professor at the London School of Economics.

He is considered one of the most influential philosophers of science of the 20th century. He also wrote on social and political philosophy, especially the evils of totalitarian ideas and politics. Popper is known for the idea of empirical falsification.

Karl Popper was born in Vienna (then in Austria-Hungary) in 1902 to middle-class parents of Jewish origins, both of whom had converted to Christianity. Popper received a Lutheran upbringing and was educated at the University of Vienna. His father had 12,000–14,000 volumes in his personal library. 
In 1919, he became attracted to Marxism. He joined the Association of Socialist School Students and also became a member of the Social Democratic Party of Austria, which was at that time a party that fully adopted the Marxist ideology. He soon stopped believing in Marxism, and was a supporter of social liberalism for the rest of his life.

Popper, brought up in Vienna, was well aware of the Vienna Circle. That school of logical positivism, led by Moritz Schlick, defined knowledge (especially scientific knowledge) as being propositions which could be verified. Popper thought this was quite wrong. In his opinion, science grew indirectly, by wrong ideas being "falsified". This he worked up in great detail in a series of books, of which "The logic of scientific discovery" is the most famous. All philosophy of science since then has had to deal with this issue, the "criterion". By 'criterion' is meant: what is it that makes a theory truly scientific, as opposed to simply common sense or opinion?

Popper's work on political philosophy is also of great importance. Marx claimed knowledge of an historical process, where societies evolved from one state to another, until they reached a final state. This type of thought is known as 'historicism'. Popper argued that the growth of human knowledge partly causes the evolution of human history. Since "no society can predict its own future states of knowledge", it follows that no science can predict human history.

Popper's great works in defence of the liberal society were "The open society and its enemies" and "The poverty of historicism". His allies in this struggle were Friedrich Hayek, Ludwig von Mises and Milton Friedman.

Although Popper was an advocate of toleration, he thought intolerance should not be tolerated. If tolerance allowed intolerance to succeed completely, tolerance itself would be threatened. In "The open society and its enemies: The spell of Plato", he argued that:

The Three Worlds Doctrine was invented by Popper and is used in philosophy to understand the condition in which we find ourselves as human beings.

It assumes the existence of three worlds. They are




This way of looking at reality is used by many philosophers to explain the relationship between the physical and spiritual worlds.

It was first described by the Austrian-British philosopher Karl Popper in a lecture given in August 1967.




Eclipse (disambiguation)

Eclipse can be any of the following:


Castle (disambiguation)

A castle is a fortified structure used to defend a territory.

Castle or Castles can mean:





The Castle may also refer to:


The Warriors

The Warriors can mean:



Eliot Spitzer

Eliot Laurence Spitzer (born June 10, 1959) is an American lawyer and politician. He is a member of the Democratic Party. He was the New York State Attorney General before becoming Governor of New York in 2007.

Spitzer resigned as Governor of New York on March 17, 2008 because of a prostitution incident. Spitzer's lieutenant governor, David Paterson, became Governor. Spitzer hosted "In the Arena "on the Cable News Network (CNN). He was hired by CNN President Jonathan Klein to co-host a different program along with a conservative debating him called Parker Spitzer. The other co-host left, and the show was renamed In the Arena. The show was cancelled by CNN in 2011.

Banda

Banda can be any of the following:




Arena, Wisconsin

Arena is a village in Iowa County, Wisconsin, USA. There were 685 people living in the village of Arena as of the 2000 census. The village of Arena can be found inside of the town of Arena. The village has an area of 1.1 square miles, says the United States Census Bureau.


List of rivers of Wisconsin

The following is a list of rivers in the U.S. state of Wisconsin, by letter:


List of rivers of Africa

The following is a list of rivers of Africa, by region.







Community Identification Number

The Official Municipality Key, which used to be called the "Official Municipality Characteristic Number" or "Municipality Code Number", is a group of numbers used to tell the difference between different municipalities and areas. 

In Germany the Official Municipality Key has statistical goals and is given by the statistics offices of individual German states. The municipality key is given in times like moving house on the notice of some documents.

The municipality key has eight digits, which are set like this: The first two numbers tell people what the German state is. The third number say the government district (in areas without government districts a zero is used instead). The fourth and fifth numbers show people the number of the urban area (in a city without districts) or the district (in a city with districts). The sixth, seventh, and eighth numbers show the municipality or the number of the municipality-free area. 

08 1 11 000: Stuttgart


15 3 52 002: Aschersleben




In Austria the municipality key has five digits which are chosen like this: The first number shows the number of the Austrian state, the second and third numbers show the district, and the fourth and fifth numbers show the municipality.

3 25 21: Rappottenstein


9 07 01: Vienna – Neubau




The Swiss Federal Office for Statistics makes code numbers with up to four digits, which are given in the order chosen with the official order of the cantons, districts, and municipalities in Switzerland.

Volta

Volta can be any of the following:




List of rivers of Alabama

The following is a list of rivers of Alabama, by letter:

List of rivers of Alaska

The following is a list of rivers in Alaska:


List of rivers of Arizona

This is a list of rivers in Arizona:


List of rivers of Arkansas

This is a list of rivers in Arkansas:


List of rivers of California

The following is a list of rivers in California, by location:

Rivers and streams between the Oregon border and Humboldt Bay that empty into the Pacific Ocean: 


Rivers and streams between Humboldt Bay and the Golden Gate that empty into the Pacific Ocean: 

Streams that empty into San Francisco Bay or its tributary bays, from north to south:

Rivers that empty into the Pacific Ocean between the Golden Gate and Point Arguello, from north to south:

Rivers that empty into the Pacific Ocean southeast of Point Arguello, from north to south:

Rivers that empty into the Gulf of California:

Rivers that empty into the Salton Sea:

Rivers in the Great Basin:

Hexadecimal

The hexadecimal numeral system, often shortened to "hex", is a numeral system made up of 16 symbols (base 16). The standard numeral system is called decimal (base 10) and uses ten symbols: 0,1,2,3,4,5,6,7,8,9. Hexadecimal uses the decimal numbers and six extra symbols. There are no numerical symbols that represent values greater than nine, so letters taken from the English alphabet are used, specifically A, B, C, D, E and F (as ann, bet, chris, dot, ernest and frost). Hexadecimal A = decimal 10, and hexadecimal F = decimal 15. 

Humans mostly use the decimal (base 10) system where each digit can have one of ten values between zero and ten. This is probably because humans have ten fingers on their hands. Computers generally represent numbers in binary (base 2). In binary, each "binary digit" is called a bit and can only have one of two values: one or zero. Since a single bit's two possible values represents one fifth the information potentially conveyed by of decimal digit's ten possible values, binary representations of integer values can require many more (binary) bits than decimal digits. 

For example, the three digit decimal value 219 requires eight bits to be represented in binary (11011011). Humans find reading, remembering, and typing long strings of bits inconvenient. Hexadecimal allows groups of four bits to be more conveniently represented by a single "hex" digit, so the eight bit binary value 11011011 only requires two hexadecimal digits "DB." 

Computer memory is organized as an array of strings of bits called bytes. On modern computers, each byte generally contains eight bits, which can be conveniently be represented as two hexadecimal digits. Engineers and computer scientists frequently refer to each of these four-bit values as a nibble (sometimes spelled nybble, see computer jargon).

To avoid confusion with decimal, octal or other numbering systems, hexadecimal numbers are sometimes written with a "h" after or "0x" before the number. For example, 63h and 0x63 mean 63 hexadecimal. 

Unlike modern computers, many early computers had six-bit bytes. Programmers of those systems typically used an alternate bit grouping scheme called octal. Each octal digit efficiently represents three bits, and a six-bit byte can be represented as two octal digits. Three bits, each being on or off, can represent the eight numbers from 0 to 7: 000 = 0; 001 = 1; 010 = 2; 011 = 3; 100 = 4; 101 = 5; 110 = 6 and 111 = 7.

Hexadecimal is similar to the octal numeral system (base 8) because each can be easily compared to the binary numeral system. Hexadecimal uses a four-bit binary coding. This means that each digit in hexadecimal is the same as four digits in binary. Octal uses a three-bit binary system. 

In the decimal system, the first digit is the "one's" place, the next digit to the left is the "ten's" place, the next is the "hundred's" place, etc. In hexadecimal, each digit can be 16 values, not 10. This means the digits have the "one's" place, the "sixteen's" place, and the next one is the "256's" place. So 1h = 1 decimal, 10h = 16 decimal, and 100h = 256 in decimal.

Example values of hexadecimal numbers converted into binary, octal and decimal.

Changing a number from binary to hex uses a grouping method. The binary number is separated into groups of four digits starting from the right. These groups are then converted to hexadecimal digits as shown in the chart above for the hexadecimal numbers 0 through F. To change from hexadecimal, the reverse is done. The hex digits are each changed to binary and the grouping is usually removed. 
When the quantity of bits in a binary numbers is not a multiple of 4, it is padded with zeros to make it so. Examples:


To convert a number from hexadecimal to decimal, there are two common ways.

The first method is more commonly done when converting it manually:


The next method is more commonly done when converting a number in software. It does not need to know how many digits the number has before it starts, and it never multiplies by more than 16, but it looks longer on paper.

Example: 5Fh and 3425h to decimal, method 1
Example: 5Fh and 3425h to decimal, method 2

List of rivers of Colorado

The following is a list of rivers and streams in the American State of Colorado, by letter:


List of rivers of Albania

The following is a list of Albanian rivers, by letter:

List of rivers of Antarctica

The following is a list of rivers of Antarctica.


Battle of Tannenberg (1914)

The Battle of Tannenberg was a decisive engagement between the Russian Empire and the German Empire in the first days of World War I. It was fought by the Russian First and Second Armies and the German Eighth Army between 17 August and 2 September 1914. The battle ended with the almost complete destruction of the Russian Second Army.

The battle took place near Allenstein. The Germans named it after Tannenberg. They wanted to express that they had made good their defeat at the medieval Battle of Tannenberg or (Grunwald). In that 1410 battle the Lithuanians finally defeated the Teutonic Knights.



List of rivers of Argentina

The following is an incomplete list of rivers in Argentina, by letter:


List of rivers of Asia

The following is a list of the major rivers of Asia, by letter. See the articles for tributaries and other information.


List of rivers of Assam

This is a list of rivers in Assam, India:

















List of rivers of Australia

The following is a list of rivers in Australia, by letter:
A
B
C

D
E
F
G
H
I

J
K

L
M
N
O

P
Q
R
S
T
V
W
Y

Erich Ludendorff

Erich Friedrich Wilhelm Ludendorff (sometimes given as von Ludendorff) (April 9, 1865 – December 20, 1937) was a German Army officer, "Generalquartiermeister" during World War I, victor of Liège, and, with Paul von Hindenburg, one of the victors of the battle of Tannenberg. 

After the war, he briefly supported Adolf Hitler and the Nazi Party. He was not found guilty for his role in the Nazis' unsuccessful Beer Hall Putsch. He became disillusioned with politics and retired from public life that year.


List of rivers of Austria

This is a list of rivers in Austria:


List of rivers of Bangladesh

This is a list of rivers in Bangladesh, by letter, with some Bangladeshi names given for some of the rivers; there are at least 31 known rivers of Bangladesh:


List of rivers of Delaware

This is a list of rivers in Delaware, by type and letter:



List of rivers of Florida

This is a list of rivers in Florida, by region:

Major rivers
Minor coastal rivers


Major rivers
Minor coastal rivers

Austro-Hungarian Compromise of 1867

The Austro-Hungarian Compromise of 1867 (, ) established the dual monarchy of Austria-Hungary. It was signed by Emperor Franz Joseph I of Austria and a Hungarian delegation led by "Ferenc Deák". The compromise followed a series of failed constitutional reforms of the Habsburg Empire. 

The Hungarian nobles wanted and got the Emperor's coronation as King of Hungary. This showed Hungary's historic presence. A separate parliament at Budapest was created. It could make laws for the lands of the Hungarian crown.

Franz Joseph I of Austria

Emperor Franz Joseph I or Emperor Francis Joseph I (, , ) (Slovene : Franc Jozef Karel) (Croatian : Franjo Josip Karlo) (Czech : Frantisek Josef Karel) (Romanian : Francisc Iosif Carol) (August 18, 1830 – November 21, 1916) of the Habsburg Dynasty was Emperor of Austria, King of Hungary, King of Bohemia from 1848 until 1916 and also served as President of the German Confederation from 1850-1866. 

His nephew Archduke Franz Ferdinand of Austria would have been his successor but he was assassinated. Wars during the reign of Franz Joseph included the Second Italian War Of Independence (1859), the Austro-Prussian War (1866), the Third Italian War Of Independence (1866) and the 1899-1901 Boxer Rebellion. He died during World War 1. Charles I of Austria became emperor in 1916 and reigned from 1916-1918.

Franz Joseph's 68-year reign is the third-longest in the history of continental Europe (after those of Louis XIV of France and Ioannes II, Prince of Liechtenstein).


Cantuta

A cantuta ("Cantua buxifolia") is a type of a flower. It is most commonly found in Central and South America. The cantuta is the national flower of both Peru and Bolivia. 

Mie Prefecture

Mie prefecture was created by merging the area of Ise Province, Shima Province, Iga Province and Kii Province.

In 1871, the area from the Kisosansen River in the north to the city of Tsu became Anōtsu Prefecture. The area south of Tsu became Watarai Prefecture. In 1876, Anōtsu Prefecture and Watarai Prefecture joined to become Mie Prefecture.

Mie has four dialects: Iga, Ise, Shima, and Kisyuu.

Mie Prefecture is on the eastern side of the Kii Peninsula. The prefectures that surround Mie are Aichi Prefecture, Gifu Prefecture, Shiga Prefecture, Kyoto Prefecture, Nara Prefecture, and Wakayama Prefecture. 

There are fourteen cities in Mie Prefecture:
About 35% of the total land area of the prefecture is National Parks.

"Aekuni jinja", "Tsubaki jinja", and "Izawa jinja" are the chief Shinto shrines ("ichinomiya") in the prefecture. 

Tree of Life

Tree of life may mean:



WWE Studios

WWE Studios (formerly known as WWE Films) is a World Wrestling Entertainment movie and television production company that is starring, produced or directed by WWE talent.


776 Berbericia

776 Berbericia is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt. This main-belt asteroid was found by A. Massinger at Heidelberg January 24, 1914. It was named in honor of Adolf Berberich (1861-1920), a German astronomer.

In the late 1990s, a network of astronomers worldwide gathered lightcurve data that was mostly used to conclude the spin states and shape models of 10 new asteroids, including (776) Berbericia.

Richard P. Binzel and Schelte Bus added more to the knowledge about this asteroid in a lightwave survey published in 2003. This project was known as Small Main-belt Asteroid Spectroscopic Survey, Phase II or SMASSII, which built on a previous survey of the main-belt asteroids. The visible-wavelength (0.435-0.925 micron) spectra data was gathered between August 1993 and March 1999.


Chris Benoit

Christopher Michael Benoit (May 21, 1967 - June 24, 2007) was a Canadian professional wrestler. He was first noticed in the United States when he started wrestling for Extreme Championship Wrestling (ECW) in 1994. He would later go to World Championship Wrestling (WCW) the next year. Within a year, he became a member of the Four Hoursemen (with Ric Flair, Arn Anderson, and Brian Pillman). He joined the World Wrestling Federation (WWF, later renameed WWE) in January 2000. In January 2004, Benoit won the 30 man Royal Rumble match which allowed him to main event WrestleMania. He would go on to win the World Heavyweight Championship at WrestleMania XX on March 14, 2004.

On June 24, 2007, Chris Benoit committed suicide by hanging after murdering his wife and son. Their dead bodies were found on June 25. Benoit's father, Michael Benoit, says that Benoit had brain damage. Benoit was also believed to have been on several different medications to aid his in ring performance, sleep, and pain. According to ESPN, "Benoit's body contained 10 times the normal level of testosterone, as well as amounts of the anti-anxiety drug Xanax and the painkiller hydrocodone, authorities said.The testosterone, a synthetic version of the primary male sex hormone, is considered an anabolic steroid. The state's top medical examiner said it appeared to have been injected shortly before Benoit died." It is a speculation which Benoit may have dealt with Roid-Rage, and this could have set him off the rails along with other trauma issues to the brain as well. This is what caused Benoit to kill his family. Because brain damage can be caused by concussions, WWE no longer allows wrestlers to hit each other in the head with steel chairs. Mentions of his name were also banned thereafter (although his name is still listed in title histories on WWE's website, and he is still shown in their video library on Peacock/WWE Network).




<br>

Glitch

A glitch is something that goes wrong in a computer system, usually in games. This is also sometimes called a "bug". Sometimes when a glitch happens on a computer, a message appears, telling the user that something went wrong.


Jack (Tekken)

Jack is a character in the "Tekken" series. He has many successors since Jack bots are usually destroyed.

Jack is the first robot in the Jack-bot series. It is unknown how it was destroyed. Jack was sent to get rid of Kazuya. Jack, unlike Jack-2, Gun Jack and Prototype Jack, did not appear in Tekken Tag Tournament making him the only Jack robot (before Jack-5) not to appear in more than one game.

Jack-2 is the second robot in the Jack series. He is an upgrade of the original Jack robot and was sent out to enter The King of Iron Fist Tournament 2 to save his creator and friend, Jane from the evil Kazuya Mishima. In his ending, Jane and Jack-2 are playing on an island together. Suddenly, Jack-2 gets shot by a laser from a satellite up in space that Doctor Abel uses to destroy Jack-2. 

Gun Jack is the third Jack robot. There was no Jack-3 created.

Jack-5 was not in any Tekken game as a playable character, but he can be seen in the Tekken 5 opening movie (these Jacks are sent to kill Heihachi Mishima).

Jack-X has been appeared in Street Fighter X Tekken.

Jack-6 has been appeared in Tekken 6.

Jack-7 has been appeared in Tekken 7.

Subsonic

Subsonic can be the following:


In computing:

My Little Lover

My Little Lover is a Japanese pop group. The group was started in 1995 with three members. Only one person is still in the group. Akko (Real name is Akiko Nakamatsu. 赤松亜希子) is the only member.



My Little Lover Web Wonderland(Japanese) 

Beaufort County, North Carolina

Beaufort County is a county in the U.S. state of North Carolina. In 2020, 44,652 people lived there. Its county seat is Washington.

Beaufort County is part of the Mid-East Commission.

These counties are connected to Beaufort County:

These cities and towns are in Beaufort County:

Bertie County, North Carolina

Bertie County (said like BURT-TEE) is a county in the U.S. state of North Carolina. In 2020, 17,934 people lived there. Its county seat is Windsor.

Bertie County is part of the Mid-East Commission local council of governments.

These counties are connected to Bertie County:

These cities and towns are in Bertie County:


Bladen County, North Carolina

Bladen County is a county in the U.S. state of North Carolina. In 2020, 29,606 people lived there. Its county seat is Elizabethtown.

Bladen County is a member of the regional Lumber River Council of Governments.

These counties are connected to Bladen County:

These cities and towns are in Bladen County:


Brunswick County, North Carolina

Brunswick County is a county in the U.S. state of North Carolina. In 2020, 136,693 people lived there. Its county seat is Bolivia.

The county was made in 1764 from parts of Bladen County and New Hanover County.

Brunswick County is part of the local Cape Fear Council of Governments.

These counties are connected to Brunswick County:

These cities and towns are in Brunswick County:


Buncombe County, North Carolina

Buncombe County is a county in the U.S. state of North Carolina. In 2020, 269,452 people lived there. Its county seat is Asheville.

The county was made in 1791 from parts of Burke County and Rutherford County.

In 1808 the western part of Buncombe County was made into Haywood County. In 1833 parts of Burke County and Buncombe County were combined to make Yancey County, and in 1838 the southern part of Buncombe County was made into Henderson County. In 1851 parts of Buncombe County and Yancey County were combined to make Madison County. And, in 1925 a small part of McDowell County was made into a part of Buncombe County.

Buncombe County is part of the local Land-of-Sky Regional Council of governments.

These are the most important roads in Buncombe County:

These counties are connected to Buncombe County:

These cities and towns are in Buncombe County:


List of rivers of Georgia (U.S. state)

This is a list of rivers in Georgia (U.S. state):


List of rivers of Hawaii

This is a list of rivers and streams in Hawaii:

Alph River

The Alph River is a river in Antarctica. The river was named by Griffith Taylor during the British Antarctic Expedition from a poem by Samuel Taylor Coleridge. The Xanadu Hills that are close by are also named after this poem.

Escapology

Escapology is the practice of escaping from restraints or other traps. Escapologists (also called escape artists) escape from handcuffs, straitjackets, cages, steel boxes, barrels, bags, burning buildings, fish-tanks and other such traps, usually doing more than one of these at once. One well-known escapologist is Harry Houdini.


Burke County, North Carolina

Burke County is a county in the U.S. state of North Carolina. In 2020, 87,570 people lived there. Its county seat is Morganton.

The county was made in 1777 from Rowan County. In 1791 parts of Burke County and Rutherford County were made into Buncombe County. In 1833 parts of Burke County and Buncombe County were made into Yancey County. In 1841 parts of Burke County and Wilkes County were made into Caldwell County. In 1842 more parts of Burke County and Rutherford County were made into McDowell County. And in 1861 parts of Burke County, Caldwell County, McDowell County, Watauga County, and Yancey County were made into Mitchell County.

Burke County is part of the local Western Piedmont Council of Governments.

These counties are connected to Burke County:

These cities and towns are in Burke County:


Rezovski Creek

Rezovski Creek (Bulgarian: "Rezovski Potok" \'re-zov-ski po-'tok\) is a melt-water stream that can be found in Livingston Island, Antarctica. It is 500 meters long. It flows through the northwestern slope of the Balkan Snowfield found between Hesperides Hill, Atlantic Club Ridge, Krum Rock and Sinemorets Hill in eastern Livingston Island.


Raidió Teilifís Éireann

Raidió Teilifís Éireann, known as RTÉ, is an Irish public service broadcaster. It both produces and broadcasts programmes on television, radio and online. The radio service began on 1 January 1926, while regular television broadcasts began on 31 December 1961, making it one of the oldest continuously operating public service broadcasters in the world. It is headquartered in Donnybrook in Dublin, with offices across different parts of Ireland.

In the Republic of Ireland, RTÉ One and RTÉ2 are RTÉ's flagship channels.

RTÉ's programme "The Late Late Show", is the longest running chat show in the world.

RTÉ Radio has four stations. There are also many digital stations.


RTÉ has many other services.

The "RTÉ Performing Groups" are five classical musical groups. They include:


RTE

RTE may refer to:


Onyx River

The Onyx River is a meltwater stream that flows to the west through the Wright Valley between the Wright Lower Glacier to Lake Vanda. The Onyx River is one of the sites studied by the US Antarctic Program of the National Science Foundation. It is the longest river in Antarctica. It is 32 kilometers long.

Wailua River

The Wailua River is a river on the island of Kauai in the U.S. state of Hawaii. It is very active and gets attention from people visiting Hawaii. It is also the only river that a vessel bigger than a boat can travel up.

Waimea River (Kauai)

The Waimea River is a river on the island of Kauai in the U.S. state of Hawaii. It is about long. Lots of people used to live in the valleys of the Waimea River and its tributary, the Makaweli River.

Cabarrus County, North Carolina

Cabarrus County is a county in the U.S. state of North Carolina. In 2020, 225,804 people lived there. Its county seat is Concord.

The county was made in 1792 from Mecklenburg County.

Cabarrus County is part of the local Centralina Council of Governments.

The Cabarrus County Schools runs all the public schools in the county except for parts of Kannapolis, which has its own school district.

The county also has Barber-Scotia College, the Cabarrus College of Health Sciences (a four-year college), and a branch of Rowan-Cabarrus Community College. UNC Charlotte is in Mecklenburg County but is close Cabarrus and is easy to get to by driving on Interstate 85.

These counties are connected to Cabarrus County:

These cities and towns are in Cabarrus County:

The county is home to Lowe's Motor Speedway, which has three NASCAR events every year (the NASCAR All-Star Challenge, the Coca-Cola 600, and the Bank of America 500).


ZX Spectrum

Sinclair's company produced seven different ZX computers, but other companies had deals with Sinclair Research to build their own version of ZX computers. The biggest of those companies was the American electronics manufacturer Timex who produced three different ZX based computers. Timex were selling between 18,000 and 20,000 of the ZX Spectrum based home computer every month by June 1981 but the Timex computer did not work properly so they had to stop selling them in 1983. Timex were the manufacturers who made most of the Sinclair Research ZX for Europe but the European versions worked correctly. The Sinclair Research version of ZXs were made until 1990 but other companies around the world copied the ZX and made many versions after that. When Sinclair Research stopped making the ZX Spectrum there had been more than 10,000 different games available and lots of peripheral equipment. Some companies still sell new games for the ZX.
















Home computer

A home computer is the name given to early personal computers made in the 1970s and 1980s that could be plugged into a television set. They were used for playing video games and doing school work and were usually owned by teenagers. At that time, most adults did not own a computer at all.

Typically, home computers can produce colored graphics, have several sound channels and a keyboard. They use a tape recorder or floppy disk drive to load and store programs. Optionally, home computers may be used with a printer, a game cartridge, a modem, joysticks and a mouse. Many of them display an interactive BASIC prompt at start-up.

Home computers were made possible through the introduction of the microprocessor in the early 1970s. It made computers small, affordable, reliable and power efficient enough that they could be used in homes.

In contrast to home computers, computers used by businesses were either bulky minicomputers or gigantic mainframes. Those computers came with much more memory, with hard disks, one or more computer terminals and a proper operating system. However, such machines needed a lot of space, were very noisy and also were far too expensive for private consumers at the time.


Z80

The Z80 microchip was one of the most popular CPU microchips for computers in the 1980s. The Z80 was created by the Zilog company in 1976. Zilog made less than 50% of all Z80s. They are made by Sharp (company), Toshiba, NEC and many other manufacturers around the world. As of 2010, it is still manufactured for use in embedded systems.


Caldwell County, North Carolina

Caldwell County is a county in the state of North Carolina. In 2020, 80,652 people lived there. Its county seat is Lenoir.

The county was made in 1841 from parts of Burke County and Wilkes County.

In 1847 parts of Caldwell County, Iredell County, and Wilkes County were put together to make Alexander County. In 1849 parts of Caldwell County, Ashe County, Wilkes County, and Yancey County were put together to make Watauga County. In 1861, parts of Caldwell County, Burke County, McDowell County, Watauga County, and Yancey County were put together to make Mitchell County. And in 1911 parts of Caldwell County, Mitchell County, and Watauga County were put together to make Avery County.

Caldwell County is part of the local Western Piedmont Council of Governments.

These counties are connected to Caldwell County:

These cities and towns are in Caldwell County:


Sinclair Research Ltd

Sinclair Research Ltd. is a business company who sells inventions. They are known for making new technology for a low price. They specialise in transport devices like wheelchairs, scooters and underwater scooters. They invented a wheelchair that can raise the passenger up on two wheels and climb up stairs.






Hipparchus

Hipparchus (greek 


Hipparchus was the first Greek whose quantitative and accurate models for the motion of the Sun and Moon survive. To do this, he used the observations and perhaps the mathematical techniques accumulated over centuries by the Chaldeans from Babylonia. He had a trigonometric table. It looks like he solved some problems of spherical trigonometry with the table. With his solar and lunar theories and his trigonometry, he was perhaps the first to develop a reliable method to predict solar eclipses. His other well-known achievements include the discovery of precession, and the compilation of the Hipparchus Catalog, the first comprehensive star catalog of the western world.

He might also have invented the astrolabe, and the armillary sphere which first appeared during his century and which he used in making the star catalog. It would be three centuries before Claudius Ptolemaeus' synthesis of astronomy would make the work of Hipparchus obsolete; it is heavily dependent on it in many areas.

Craters on the Moon and on Mars are named for Hipparchus, as are an asteroid and the Hipparcos satellite.

Battle of Verdun

The Battle of Verdun was a battle of the First World War. It started when the German Fifth Army attacked French positions, near Verdun, on February 21, 1916. It ended on December 18 of that year but the front line had not changed very much. Both sides lost about 337,000 soldiers each. Never before was industrialisation so visible in war. They also speak about the "Hell of Verdun" or the "Blood pump". The Battle of Verdun is considered the biggest and longest in world history.

Never before or since has there been such a long battle, involving so many men, fought on such a tiny piece of land. There were many attacks and counterattacks; one small village changed hands 16 times. The battle, which lasted from 21 February 1916 until 19 December 1916, caused over an estimated 700,000 casualties (dead, wounded and missing). About 300,000 died. The battlefield was not even a square ten kilometres. From a strategic point of view, there can be no justification for these terrible losses. The battle lowered into a matter of prestige for the two nations, and started being fought for the sake of fighting and honor, according to German command Paul Von Hindenburg.

The French commander, Marshall Philippe Pétain, used a system of rotation by which every division in France fought for a short time at Verdun. After the battle the landscape was left as one of the worst battlegrounds on all of France, filled with craters of the artillery, the trenches, the odor left by the dead, etc. During the battle the chief of the German General Staff, Erich Von Falkenhayn, was relieved from duty and sent to lead a joint Austrian, German and Bulgarian attack on Romania, leaving Paul Von Hindenburg as Chief of Staff.

Bank of America Tower

The Bank of America Tower is a skyscraper in New York City, United States. It is 452.4 meters (1,484 feet) tall and has 101 floors. It was built in 2003. It is one of the tallest buildings in the world.



The New York Times Building

The New York Times Building is a skyscraper in New York City, United States. It is tall and has 52 floors. It was built in 2007 and is one of the tallest buildings in the world. The architect of the building is Renzo Piano.



GameShark

A GameShark is a cheating device for console video game systems and Microsoft Windows computers. It lets the player of a video game do things that the game does not normally let players do, like walk through walls or have unlimited items. To use it, players load cheat codes through a disk or cartridge, then load the game to use them.

70 Pine Street

70 Pine Street (also the American International Building) is a skyscraper in New York City, United States. It is a 67-floors, 952-foot (290 m) office building located at the corner of Pearl Street and running to Cedar Street in the Financial District of Manhattan, New York City, New York, United States. It was built in 1932 and is one of the tallest buildings in the world




King penguin

The king penguin ("Aptenodytes patagonicus") is a type of penguin. It is the second largest species of penguin, as it is smaller and shorter than the emperor penguin.

King penguins are usually 70 centimeters (0.7 meters/30 inches) tall and weigh 9 to 15 kilograms (20 to 30 pounds). They have silvery-grey backs, black heads, and bright orange patches of feathers on the sides of their necks. While they look like emperor penguins, they are different in the fact that king penguins have longer beaks, orange coloration on their chest, and are thinner than the emperor penguin. Males and females of the species look the same.

The king penguin eats krill, small fish, squid, and plankton. In particular, they seem to enjoy eating lanternfish, which makes up most of their diet. They are able to dive to almost 300 meters (about 985 feet) for up to 15 minutes in order to catch their food. King penguins can also swim at 10 kilometers (6 miles) per hour, and their special eyesight helps them see in the dark.

Unlike most penguins, the king penguin cannot hop, but can only use its feet to walk or run. However, they also use their feet to warm their children, instead of a nest.

Baby king penguins are dark brown and fluffy. They are usually raised in a crèche, or group of penguin children kept together for protection.

The king penguin's main predators, or creatures that eat it, are the leopard seal and killer whale. Other birds may attack the penguin's breeding, or nesting, grounds and take away eggs or young penguin chicks.


Citigroup Center

Citigroup Center is a skyscraper in New York City, United States. It is 279 meters (915 feet) tall and has 59 floors. It was built in 1977 and is one of the tallest buildings in the world.



Industrial engineering

Industrial engineering is a type of engineering. It is one of the fastest growing areas of engineering. It looks at what makes organizations work best. An industrial engineer tries to find the right combination of human and natural resources, technology, equipment, information and finance to do the work best. Industrial engineering is important to finding the answers to many important problems in manufacturing, distribution of goods and services, health care, utilities, transportation, entertainment, and the environment. Industrial engineers design and change how things are done to increase quality, safety and productivity.


Trump World Tower

Trump World Tower is a skyscraper in New York City, United States. It is 262 meters (861 feet) tall and has 72 floors. It was built in 2001 and is one of the tallest buildings in the world



30 Rockefeller Plaza

30 Rockefeller Plaza is a skyscraper at Rockefeller Center in Manhattan, New York City, United States. It was known in the past as the RCA Building, the GE Building, and the Comcast Building. 30 Rockefeller Plaza is tall and has 69 floors. It was built in 1933 and was one of the tallest buildings in the world when it opened.

Raymond Hood, the architect, made the plans for Rockefeller Center. He talked with the Radio Corporation of America (RCA) to make a large place for mass media. RCA owned the National Broadcasting Company (NBC) and Radio-Keith-Orpheum (RKO) companies. The first plan for 30 Rockefeller Plaza was made in March 1930. By May 1930, RCA, NBC, and RKO said they would move to 30 Rockefeller Center. The last plan for the building was done in March 1931.

Workers started making the building in March 1932. 30 Rockefeller Plaza opened in May 1933. It was the first building at Rockefeller Center to be opened. It was one of the tallest buildings in the world.

NBC was one of the first companies in 30 Rockefeller Plaza. It had 35 television studios in the building. People could go on tours of the NBC Studios every day. The biggest studio was Studio 8H, which could have 1,400 people inside it.

The Standard Oil Company moved into 30 Rockefeller Plaza in 1934. The New York Museum of Science and Industry moved to the bottom floors because other companies did not want to move there. Westinghouse Electric Corporation was on the 14th through 17th floors. The Rockefeller family also moved into a lot of the floors in the building. The family had an office called Room 5600 on the 56th floor. Room 5600 became bigger after World War II. The family went to another building in 2014.

People wanted to use the roof of the building for entertainment. The 67th, 69th, and 70th floors have places where people can look at the city from high above. The highest one is the "Top of the Rock" Observation deck. These places were opened in July 1933 and many people went there. A restaurant called the Rainbow Room is on the 65th floor. The Rainbow Room opened on October 3, 1934.

30 Rockefeller Plaza is tall. 30 Rockefeller Plaza was built to be only one structure that takes up all of the space in the block between Sixth Avenue and Rockefeller Plaza. 

30 Rockefeller Plaza's architecture has a limestone facade and Gothic-like four-leafed spandrels. This affected the design of the rest of the complex (a group of related buildings).




Roger Taney

Roger Brooke Taney (March 17, 1777 – October 12, 1864) was the fifth Chief Justice of the United States Supreme Court from 1836 until his death in 1864. He came after John Marshall and despite the many influential things done by his predecessor, still was able to write several major opinions. His decision in Dred Scott to send a slave living in a free state back to his master in a slave state canceled out several compromises that had been keeping the Union together. When president Abraham Lincoln began using powers not normally given to the presidency to put certain rights on hold, Taney kept on trying to overrule him. These attempts were ignored and rumored to have almost led to Taney's arrest.

When Taney County, Missouri was officially organized in 1837, it was named in his honor. At the time Abraham Lincoln became president, Taney swore in Lincoln.

Supreme court

A supreme court also known as a court of last resort and court of final appeal, is generally the highest court in a country. This means that, decisions made by the Supreme Court can't be challenged at other courts. However, not all highest courts are named as such. Civil law countries do not tend to have only one high court. Additionally, the highest court in some jurisdictions is not named the "Supreme Court". For example, the High Court of Australia. In some places the court named the "Supreme Court" is not the highest court. Examples include the New York Supreme Court, the Supreme Courts of several provinces and territories of Canada and the former Supreme Court of Judicature of England and Wales. Decisions made in these courts are all subject to higher courts of appeal. Some countries have a separate constitutional court, a high court that deals with issues regarding that country's constitution. 

Many, like the Supreme Court of the United States, at times become involved in political issues. These include the Supreme Courts of Egypt, Pakistan, Israel, India and Kuwait. One of the most controversial political decisions was "Bush v. Gore", 531 U.S. 98 (2000), a United States Supreme Court decision that resolved the dispute surrounding the 2000 United States presidential election. There has been a good deal of controversy over the European Court of Justice reviewing decisions made by member state governments. The president of the Supreme Court of Israel, Aharon Barak, has been criticized for, along with others, dominating the government of Israel.



Lee Chaolan

Lee Chaolan is a video game character in "Tekken". The first time he was in Tekken was the first Tekken game.

Lee Chaolan was an orphan before the first game started, but was adopted as a child by Heihachi Mishima.

Kazuya Mishima, Heihachi's son, was Lee's arch nemesis since they were children. Kazuya always won against Lee. Lee is now in a world of hate because of this experience. He holds a constant grudge against Kazuya. 

Lee Chaolan's fighting style uses mostly feet. Using his long legs and quick feet, he can take down any foe that comes his way. Kazuya uses a balanced force of fist and foot to take down his foes. Balance is Kazuya's key to victory over his rival Lee.

He turned 48 in Tekken 5 but the creators made him look younger. 

Scooter

A scooter is a bicycle or tricycle with very small wheels. Some scooters have a motor, some have pedals, and some are pushed with the foot. Scooters with motors are called "motor scooters". There are many different kinds of scooters. They include motor scooters and kick scooters.

Some scooters have four wheels. People who don't have much balance can drive that kind.

In some places, riders of motor scooters need a driver's license for driving a motorcycle. In other places, they only need a licence for driving a moped. Some scooters can hold two people.

Tricycle

A tricycle is a vehicle with three wheels. It can be also called a trike. Tricycles can have pedals, an electric motor or a petrol engine.

A child's tricycle is best known, but adult tricycles are becoming more common. The adult trikes will have a chain, gears and are recumbent (the feet are in front of the body). They come in two main styles: tadpole with two wheels up front and one in back and delta with two wheels in the back and one wheel in the front. Almost always the front wheel or wheels steer the bike, and power goes to the back wheel or wheels.
Some trikes are "fully faired" (covered in a shell to cut wind resistance). These are called velomobiles.
Other trikes are built to carry cargo or passengers (also called a "cycle rickshaw" or "pedicabs").

Motorcycles also come in three wheeled versions. Some people like them for better balance or more room.


ECW World Heavyweight Championship

The Extreme Championship Wrestling (ECW) World Heavyweight Championship was a professional wrestling world championship in Extreme Championship Wrestling from 1994 through 2001 and World Wrestling Entertainment from 2006 through 2010.


List of rivers of China

The following is a list of rivers in China, by where they flow into:












List of rivers of Idaho

This is a list of rivers in Idaho:


List of rivers of Illinois

This is a list of rivers in Illinois:





List of rivers of Indiana

The following is a list of rivers in Indiana, by letter:


The Golden Compass (movie)

The Golden Compass is a fantasy movie, which was released on December 5, 2007 by New Line Cinema and Warner Bros. The movie is based on the book "Northern Lights" (also known as "The Golden Compass"), the first novel in Philip Pullman's trilogy "His Dark Materials".

The cast includes Dakota Blue Richards, Nicole Kidman, Ian McKellen, Christopher Lee, Daniel Craig, Ian McShane, and Sam Elliott.

Lord Asriel has found something called "dust" that separates us and another universe. People do not believe this idea. The Magistrate, a very large and strong group, try to kill him by poisoning his drink. Lyra, his niece, was playing, heard someone coming, hid, and saw a priest try to poison the drink. She then ran out and saved Asriel before he could drink. Asriel later goes to the North Pole to find this dust.

Lyra is also given something called a golden compass. The person says that it's the only one in the world and that only a few people know how to use it.

A woman named Mrs. Coulter then tries to get Lyra in with her. She promises her that they will go to the North Pole.

Independent body

An independent body is a group employed to give a view without bias. Independent bodies are mainly employed to review public services. Some news groups claim to be independent bodies. In the United States, they are called an independent agency or an independent regulatory agency.

Limbourg brothers

The Limbourg brothers, or in Dutch "Gebroeders van Limburg" (Herman, Paul, and Johan; fl. 1385 – 1416), were famous Dutch Renaissance miniature painters from the city of Nijmegen. They were active in the early 15th century in France and Burgundy. They created what is certainly the best known late medieval illuminated manuscript, "Les Très Riches Heures du Duc de Berry".

Anthony Head

Anthony Stewart Head (born 20 February 1954) is an English actor and musician who has appeared in theatre, television and movies. He is most well known for his role as Rupert Giles in the American television drama series "Buffy the Vampire Slayer", as the Prime Minister in the British comedy show "Little Britain", as Dr. Frank N Furter in the London revival of "The Rocky Horror Show" and for a series of coffee adverts in the United Kingdom and the United States. He is credited by his full name on American television, and sometimes as Tony Head elsewhere. He also played Phil Norton in 5 episodes of the first season "Howards' Way".


Uluru

Uluru, also called Ayers Rock, is a name given to a huge rock near Alice Springs in the Australian Outback and located in Uluṟu-Kata Tjuṯa National Park. This is a holy place for some Aboriginal Australians. It is in the Western Desert, in the middle of Australia. It was listed as a World Heritage site in 1987 because of its geology. In 1997 it was again listed as a World Heritage site, this time because of its importance to the Anangu people. It was the second place in the world to be listed as culturally significant, and it is one of the few places in the world to have two listings.
The Anangu people believe that Uluru, and the rest of Central Australia, was formed by ancestral beings at the beginning of time. The Anangu are directly descended from these ancestors. 

Modern science shows that they have lived around Uluru for more than 40,000 years They continued to live their traditional life until the 1930s. This was a nomadic life, moving around to hunt and gather food according to the seasons. They have a complex ceremonial life based around Uluru. They are one of the oldest human societies on earth.

The first Europeans to see Uluru were explorers led by William Christie Gosse. He saw Uluru on 19 July 1873 and named it Ayers Rock after Sir Henry Ayers, who was Chief Secretary of South Australia. The land was too dry and remote for farming, and very few people came to Uluru until the mid 20th century.

See geography of Uluru and Kata Tjuta.

Elapid

The Elapidae, or elapids, are a family of venomous snakes. These snakes can be found in tropical and subtropical regions around the world. They can also be found in the Indian Ocean and the Pacific. They are characterized by a set of hollow, fixed fangs through which they inject venom. There are snakes of different sizes, from only 18 cm ("Drysdalia") up to 6 m in length ("King Cobra"). Currently, 61 genera with 231 species are known.

Those elapids that live on land look a lot like the colubrids: almost all have long and slender bodies with smooth scales, a head that is covered with large shields and not always distinct from the neck, and eyes with round pupils. In addition, their behavior is usually quite active and most are oviparous. There are exceptions to all these generalizations: For example, the death adders ("Acanthophis") include short and fat, rough-scaled, very broad-headed, cat-eyed, live-bearing, sluggish ambush predators with partly fragmented head shields.

Some species spend most of their lives in trees or bushes; this is called arboreal (African "Pseudohaje" and "Dendroaspis", Australian "Hoplocephalus"). Many others are specialised burrowers (e.g. "Ogmodon", "Parapistocalamus", "Simoselaps", "Toxicocalamus", "Vermicella"). Some species have very generalised diets. Others have specialised on a certain kind of prey. They have also adapted themselves, to better be able to feed on other snakes, certain lizards, squamate eggs, mammals, birds, frogs, fish, etc. 

Sea snakes, which are also elapids, have adapted to a marine way of life in different ways. All have evolved their tails so they can be used for swimming. They can also excrete salt. Most also have changed bodies, better suited for swimming. Ventral scales are much smaller, the nostrils of the snakes are located dorsally and without scales between them. They give birth to live young (ovoviviparous). In general they have the ability to breathe through their skin; experiments with the yellow-bellied sea snake, "Pelamis platurus", have shown that this species can satisfy about 20% of its oxygen requirements in this manner. This makes it possible to stay underwater longer. The sea kraits ("Laticauda sp. "), are the least well-adapted to an aquatic life. They spend much of their time on land where they also lay their eggs (oviparous). They have wide ventral scales, the tail is not as well-developed for swimming, and their nostrils are separated by scales.

All elapids have a pair of proteroglyphous fangs that are used to inject venom from glands located towards the rear of the upper jaws. The fangs are the first two teeth on each maxillary bone, which are enlarged and hollow, and usually only one is in place on each side at any time. The maxilla is intermediate in length and mobility between typical colubrids (long, less mobile) and viperids (very short, highly mobile). When the mouth is closed, the fangs fit into grooved slots in the buccal floor; in the longest-fanged elapids (e.g. "Acanthophis", "Oxyuranus") it is common for the fangs to pierce right through the intermandibular skin, which does not seem to endanger the snake. The fangs are usually below the front edge of the eye and are angled backwards; due to this construction, most elapids must actually bite in order to envenomate. This action is therefore not as quick as with the viperids, that can envenomate with only a quick, stabbing motion. Some elapids ("Acanthophis", "Oxyuranus", and especially "Dendroaspis") have long fangs on quite mobile maxillae (the prefrontal and ectopterygoid contacts are nearly as close together as in viperids), and can therefore make very fast stabbing strikes like viperids. A few species are capable of spraying their venom from forward facing holes at the tips of their fangs as a means of defense. Elapids use their venom both to immobilize their prey and in self-defense.

All elapids are venomous and many are potentially deadly. The venoms are mostly neurotoxic and are considered more dangerous than the mainly proteolytic viper venoms. Members include the black mamba ("Dendroaspis polylepis"), a species many regard as the world's most dangerous snake, the fierce snake ("Oxyuranus microlepidotus"), which is the most venomous land snake to mice, and "Hydrophis belcheri", a sea snake and the most toxic venom of all snakes.

Colubrid

A colubrid (from Latin "coluber", snake) is a snake that is a member of the Colubridae family. Colubridae is the largest snake family, and includes about two-thirds of all known living snake species. However, colubrids are "certainly not a natural group", and many are more closely related to other groups, such as elapids, than to each other. This family has classically been a dumping ground for snakes that do not fit anywhere else. There is on-going mitochondrial DNA research which will sort out the familial relations within this group.

A colubrid's body is almost completely covered in scales. Most colubrids are not venomous and are normally harmless. A few groups, such as genus "Boiga", can produce medically significant bites. In addition, the Boomslang and African twig snake have both caused human fatalities. The venom-injecting fangs associated with venomous colubrids are almost always in the back of the mouth, in contrast to vipers and elapids.


Central Finland

Central Finland, "Keski-Suomi", is a region of Finland with about 270,000 inhabitants. Neighbouring regions are Pirkanmaa, Southern Ostrobothnia, Central Ostrobothnia, Northern Ostrobothnia, Northern Savonia, Southern Savonia and Päijänne Tavastia.

There are 27 municipalities in Central Finland. Cities and towns are marked in bold.

Sea snake

A Sea snake, or "coral reef snake", is a venomous elapid snake. They live in marine environments for most or all of their lives. At present, 17 genera are described as sea snakes, with 62 species.

They evolved from snakes that lived on the land. Some sea snakes still have some of the behaviour and traits of their ancestors, such as "Laticauda", which can move a little on land. Most sea snakes are unable to move on the ground at all, but they are well adapted to living in the water.

Sea snakes are found in warm coastal waters from the Indian Ocean to the Pacific. They live in the tropical and warm regions, but not in the Atlantic Ocean, or the North American coast above the Gulf of California.

Most sea snakes grow to sizes between 1.2m and 1.4m, some can reach 2m or more. "Hydrophis cyanocinctus" reach 2.5m to 3m. They reach a weight of about 0.8 -1.3 kg, at a size of 1.8m. In most cases, females are larger than males.

All sea snakes have paddle-like tails and many have laterally compressed bodies – they look somewhat like eels. However, unlike fish, they do not have gills and must come to the surface regularly to breathe. Nevertheless, they are among the most completely aquatic of all air-breathing vertebrates. Among this group are species with some of the most potent venoms of all snakes. Some have gentle dispositions and bite only when provoked, while others are much more aggressive.
Sea snakes have special nostrils that can close when they go underwater and open when they come up to breathe, like the blowhole of a whale (scientists call these "valved" nostrils). The nostrils are found high up on the head so that the entire snake can stay under the water when they come up to breathe. In its search for food, a sea snake may remain under water for a long time. To do this, sea snakes have evolved a single lung that almost is as long as the whole body.

Most sea snakes are able to breathe through their skin. This is unusual for reptiles, because their skin is normally thick and scaly. Experiments with the black-and-yellow sea snake, "Pelamis platurus" (a pelagic species), have shown that this species can get about 20% of its oxygen in this manner, which allows for longer dives.

Like other land animals that have adapted to life in a marine environment, sea snakes swallow considerably more salt than their relatives living on land. They do this through their diet and when they inadvertently swallow sea water. Kidney function in birds and reptiles is too weak to remove enough salt. In birds, such as penguins, salt is removed through nasal glands. The marine iguanas of the Galapagos Islands use the same mechanism. Sea turtles have lacrimal glands that allow them to produce very salty tears. But in sea snakes, glands under and around the tongue let them expel salt with their tongue action.

Most sea snakes prey on fish, especially eels. The latter stiffens and dies within seconds when bitten. One species prefers molluscs and crustaceans, such as prawns. Some reef dwelling species have small heads and thin necks, making it possible for them to get small eels from the soft bottom where they hide.

"Pelamis platurus" has a venom more potent than any other terrestrial snake species in Costa Rica. The snake is very common in the waters of the western coast of Costa Rica. Despite this, few human deaths have been reported. Nevertheless, all sea snakes should be handled with great caution.

When bites occur, only a small amount of venom is injected. The symptoms caused by the venom may seem slight at first. There is usually little or no swelling involved, and it is rare for any nearby lymph nodes to be affected. The most important symptoms are a rapid breakdown of skeletal muscle tissue and paralysis. Early symptoms include headache, a thick-feeling tongue, thirst, sweating, and vomiting. Symptoms that can occur after 30 minutes to several hours after the bite include generalized aching, stiffness, and tenderness of muscles all over the body. This is followed later on by symptoms typical of other elapid attacks: a progressive paralysis of muscles. Paralysis of muscles involved in swallowing and respiration can be fatal. After three to eight hours, myoglobin may start to show up in the blood plasma. This is a result of muscle breakdown. It can cause the urine to turn a dark reddish, brown, or black in color, and eventually lead to kidney failure. After six to twelve hours, severe hyperkalemia can lead to cardiac arrest. The hyperkalemia is also the result of muscle breakdown.


Archduke

The title of Archduke (feminine: Archduchess) (German: "Erzherzog", feminine form: "Erzherzogin") is a rank above Duke and under King. It is very rare. It was used only by males of the House of Habsburg. 

The English word is recorded only since 1530, derived from Middle Latin "archidux", from "arch(i)-" (primary or chief) + "dux" 'duke' .
Archduke ("Erzherzog") is a title distinct from Grand Duke ("Großherzog" or "Großfürst") that is used in some other German royal houses and still in sovereign Luxemburg.





Trench warfare

Trench warfare is a battle tactic, or way of fighting. It was commonly used on the Western Front in the First World War. It has been utilized in other wars, such as the Iran-Iraq War and the Russo-Ukrainian War.

In trench warfare, the two sides fighting each other dug trenches in a battlefield. These trenches had many different parts, such as places for sleeping, for headquarters, for storage, and for artillery and machine guns. Between the front trenches, on the battlefield, was an area called "no man's land". This area was often covered with barbed wire and land mines. Soldiers on each side would try to cross no man's land to get to the enemy's trench and attack. Tanks were commonly used to cross this land.

Armies used trench warfare because it gave soldiers cover while defending themselves against attack. It also gave soldiers bunks to sleep in, although the bunks were very unclean and uncomfortable.

Soldiers in World War I used trenches to protect themselves while fighting. They dug holes two meters deep, which they called trenches. 

Most World War I soldiers fought in the trenches. Between the trenches of each side's front line, there was an open area called No Man’s Land. In some places No Man's Land could be as narrow as thirty meters (100 feet). Behind the front line were other trenches for moving soldiers and supplies. 

Death was frequent in the trenches, even when there was no fighting. For example, many soldiers fighting in trench warfare died of disease. 

The trenches were dirty. Some men disappeared into the mud because it was so thick. The cold, wet and unsanitary conditions made many soldiers sick. Lice spread trench fever, a fungal infection which caused severe head pain and fever. Rats invaded the trenches and spread disease everywhere. The brown rats were the more hated kind. They ate human remains. Some grew to be as big as cats.

The trenches had a terrible smell. Bodies were rotting in shallow graves; men had not washed in weeks because there were no facilities; cesspits were overflowing; and creosol or chloride of lime was used to stave off the constant threat of disease and infection. There was also the lingering odour of poison gas, and the smells of cordite, rotting sandbags, stagnant mud, cigarette smoke, and cooking food. The smell was the first thing a new recruit would notice on the way to the front lines. However, new arrivals soon got used to it, and eventually added their own body odor to the smell.

Front-line trenches were usually about seven feet deep and six feet wide. The front side of the trench was called the parapet. The rear side was called the parados. Along the top of the parapet and the parados, soldiers would build a wall of sandbags that was two to three feet tall. The sandbags helped to absorb bullets and shell fragments.

It was impossible for soldiers to see over the top of a 7-foot trench. To solve this problem, armies added a two or three-foot ledge called a fire-step to the trenches. 

Trenches were not dug in straight lines. If the trenches were straight, and the enemy got into them, they could shoot straight along the line. Instead, soldiers dug trenches with alternate fire-bays and traverses.

Duck-boards were also placed at the bottom of the trenches to protect soldiers from problems such as trench foot. Soldiers also made dugouts and funk holes in the side of the trenches to give them some protection from the weather and enemy fire.

The front-line trenches were also protected by barbed-wire entanglements and machine-gun posts. Short trenches called saps were dug from the front-line trench into No-Man's Land. The sap-head, usually about 30 yards forward of the front-line, was then used as listening posts.

Behind the front-line trenches were support and reserve trenches. The three rows of trenches covered between 200 and 500 yards of ground. Communication trenches were dug at an angle to the front-line trench and were used to transport men, equipment and food supplies.


Port-de-Paix

Port-de-Paix (Kréyòl: "Pòdepè" or "Pòdpè"; in English means "Peace Port") is a city and the capital of the département of Nord-Ouest in Haiti on the Atlantic coast.

The city is close to the mouth of the river Trois-Rivières, one of the most important river in Haiti. It has a population of 115,000 (2003 census), with 25,000 living in the city.

Christopher Columbus came to this region on 15 December 1492 and he gave it the name "Valle del Paraíso" or "Valparaiso" (Spanish for "Paradise Valley") because he found that this was a very beautiful valley.

A ferry operates between the town and Tortuga Island (La Tortue) situated just across the water.

The town was founded in 1665 by French buccaneers (a kind of pirates in the Caribbean) from Tortuga Island when they had to leave the island. In 1676 the town saw the first black slave revolt; its leader was "Padre Jean" (also "Padrejean" and "Pedro Juan") and who was killed by buccaneers in 1679 in the mountains close to Port-de-Paix.

The area saw great success during the 19th century and Port-de-Paix was an important port; from here, bananas and coffee were sent to other countries. In 1902 the town was almost entirely destroyed by fire.

Port-de-Paix is also the chief town of an arrondissement (a part of a department) of the same name. The arondissement consists of four communes (like municipalities): Port-de-Paix, Bassin Bleu, Chansolme and Tortuga Island.

Le Novateur


Device controller

A device controller is a system that handles the incoming and outgoing signals of the CPU by acting as a bridge between CPU and the I/O devices. A device is connected to the computer via a plug and socket, and the socket is connected to a device controller. Device controllers use binary and digital codes. An IO device contains mechanical and electrical parts. A device controller is the electrical part of the IO device.

Device-Operating System Communication

The Device Controller receives the data from a connected device and stores it temporarily in some special purpose registers (i.e. local buffer) inside the controller. Then it communicates the data with a Device Driver. For each device controller there is an equivalent device driver which is the standard interface through which the device controller communicates with the Operating Systems through Interrupts. Device controller is a hardware whereas device driver is a software.
The controller's job is to convert the serial bit stream to block bytes and perform any error correction necessary. 
Each device controller is in charge of a specific type of device (for example disk drives, audio devices, or video displays). Each device controller has a local buffer.

[[Category:Computer science
[[Category:Electronics]]
Rostov-on-Don

Rostov-on-Don () is a city in the European part of Russia. It is on the River Don, about 46 km before it flows into the Sea of Azov. The city is the administrative center of Rostov Oblast and the Southern Federal District of Russia. About 1 million people live in the city (as of 2002).

The mouth of the Don River has been very important since the ancient times. It has been important for cultural reasons and for trade. The Greek colony "Tanais" was there, and also the Genoese fort Tana. Later, the Ottoman Empire built a fortress there. This fortress was named Azov.

Rostov-on-Don was founded in 1749. In that year, a customs house was built on the Don. Later, a large fortress followed. It was named after Saint Dimitry of Rostov. Dmitry of Rostov was a bishop from the old Northern town Rostov the Great. With the time, the importance of the fortress Asov became less and less. The settlement near the fortress became more important than the fortress. It was the commercial centre of the region. In 1796 this settlement received city rights and was renamed Rostov-on-Don.

The Don River that the city is named afrer is a major shipping lane. It connects southwestern Russia with regions to the north. Rostov-on-Don is an important river port both for people and industrial shipping. With such a good geographical location, the city grew quickly. It is the most industrialized city of South Russia. Because of this, the city caused a large problem between the Whites and the Bolsheviks during the Civil War. By 1928, the regional government was moved from the old Cossack capital Novocherkassk to Rostov. The nearby Armenian town of Nor Nakhijevan became a part of the city.

In the Soviet years, the Bolsheviks destroyed two of Rostov's main landmarks - St Alexander Nevsky Cathedral (1908) and St George Cathedral in Nakhichevan (1783-1807). Much of the city was destroyed by the German forces who took control of it three times - in 1918, 1941 and 1942. Today, the most notable part of the historical city is the very big Cathedral of Virgin's Nativity (1860-87), designed by Konstantin Thon.

The city was also the home of Russia's most well known serial killer Andrei Chikatilo but he was not actually born there.

Rostov-on-Don has had much economic growth in recent years. Part of this is because the Russian economy is getting stronger. Many new companies have built headquarters in the city. People living in the city are making more money than they did in the past. The city is being changed from a place thrown back in time by the collapse of communism into a modern, industrial and technology-rich city.

Public educational institutions include Southern Federal University and Don State Technical University. The major private university in the city is the Institute of Management, Business and Law. There is also a French cultural center, run by Alliance Francaise, a British-Council, a Goethe-Institut, and a Bosch Foundation.

Rostov Economic State University 'RINH' is a very famous university in Rostov-on-Don. It has 5 Institutes, as Finance, IT and Management, National and World Economics, Marketing and Commerce, Account and Economics, Law, Linguistics and Journalism and 9 filials.

Two professional football clubs are based in Rostov-on-Don. FC Rostov play in the Russian Premier League and SKA are in the First Division. Handball team Rostov-Don plays in the Russian Handball Championship.

The city is twinned with:


Crypto.com Arena

Crypto.com Arena, originally known as Staples Center, is an indoor multi-purpose arena in downtown Los Angeles, California. It is home to three basketball teams—the Los Angeles Lakers and Los Angeles Clippers of the NBA and Los Angeles Sparks of the WNBA—plus the Los Angeles Kings of the NHL in ice hockey. They have the Grammy Awards here every year. The building hosted World Wrestling Entertainment's pay-per-view WrestleMania 21 in 2005.

On December 25, 2021, the arena was renamed Crypto.com Arena, for a Singapore-based cryptocurrency exchange that bought the naming rights.


Camden County, North Carolina

Camden County is a county in the U.S. state of North Carolina. In 2020, 10,335 people lived there. Its county seat is the town of Camden. Camden County is the first and only consolidated city-county in North Carolina.

The county was made in 1777 from the northeastern part of Pasquotank County.

Camden County is part of the local Albemarle Commission.

These counties are connected to Camden County:


Caswell County, North Carolina

Caswell County is a county in the U.S. state of North Carolina. In 2020, 22,736 people lived there. Its county seat is Yanceyville.

Caswell County was made in 1777 from the northern part of Orange County. In 1792 the eastern half of Caswell County was made into Person County.

Caswell County is part of the local Piedmont Triad Council of Governments.

These counties are connected to Caswell County:

These cities and towns are in Caswell County:


Internet forum

One type of a forum is an online discussion site on the Internet. Users can type messages for others to see, and reply to other user's messages. Messages (or "posts") are organised by topic (or "thread"), with each poster either replying to an existing topic or creating a new topic for a new conversation.

Forums can be found on a lot of websites. Internet forums are often used to show people information. Things like pictures hyperlinks and images can also be put on the board, or "posted".

Many Internet forums have rules against things such as spamming and trolling. If people do those kind of things, they will be warned, and if they continue, they will be banned.

Forums also have their own set of rules. A rule which is used by many forums is not to comment or bring up old threads because those forums were made to discuss the newest events.

There are usually three different types of rankings on a forum:

People participating in a forum may make friends with each other and may form groups with the same ideas.

Catawba County, North Carolina

Catawba County is a county in the U.S. state of North Carolina. In 2020, 160,610 people lived there. Its county seat is Newton.

The county was made in 1842 from Lincoln County.

Catawba County is part of the local Western Piedmont Council of Governments.


These cities and towns are in Catawba County:


Stone tool

Stone tools are tools made of stone. They are the reason the stone age was given its name. They were the first known tools used by mankind, and were used by all human species, such as "Homo habilis" and "Homo erectus". Recently it was learned that stone tools were used before the genus "Homo" evolved. These oldest tools come from the shores of Lake Turkana in Kenya, and date to 3.3 million years ago.
They are 700,000 years older than any tools found before.

Volcanic ash and minerals around the tools allow them to be dated. The tools look like those described as Oldowan. They might have been made by members of species such as "Australopithecus afarensis" or "Kenyanthropus platyops". The research team has proposed the term "Lomekwian" for these tools, and say they mark the start of archaeology. The palaeoenvironment was wooded.


DJ BoBo

Peter René Baumann (born 5 January 1968) better known as DJ BoBo, is a Swiss singer, songwriter, dancer and music producer. He mixed a song called "Chihuahua" in 2005. It was a remix from a Spanish single in 2002. DJ BoBo is also famous for his entry in the Eurovision Song Contest of 2007.

Cherokee County, North Carolina

Cherokee County is a county in the U.S. state of North Carolina. In 2020, 28,774 people lived there. Its county seat is Murphy.

The county was made in 1839 from the western part of Macon County. In 1861 the southeastern part of Cherokee County became Clay County and in 1872 its northeastern part became Graham County.

Cherokee County is part of the local Southwestern Commission.

These counties are connected to Cherokee County:

These cities and towns are in Cherokee County:


Chowan County, North Carolina

Chowan County is a county in the U.S. state of North Carolina. In 2020, 13,708 people lived there. Its county seat is Edenton.

Chowan County is part of the local Albemarle Commission council of government.

The counties are connected to Chowan County:

These cities and towns are in Chowan County:


Clay County, North Carolina

Clay County is a county in the U.S. state of North Carolina. During the 2020 United States Census, 11,089 people lived there. Its county seat is Hayesville.

The county was made in 1861 from the southeastern part of Cherokee County.

Clay County is part of the local Southwestern Commission council of governments.

These counties are connected to Clay County:

These cities and towns are in Clay County:

Character (computing)

For computers, a character is a letter, number, or punctuation mark that can be shown on a screen, or printed. There are also some unseen characters, called "control characters". An example of a control character is the carriage return or line feed that tells the software to start a new line. A "glyph" is the shape of the character that is seen when put on screen or on paper.

Since computers only use numbers, they use number codes to represent characters. For example, in ASCII, the number 65 represents the letter 'A'. The computer knows, when working in ASCII, to put the glyph for 'A' on the screen when it sees the number 65. The glyph can change shape slightly depending on the font that is used, if it is bold or in "italics", etc. But it is still stored as a 65 in the computer, that does not change.

One of the early standards for storing characters was ASCII. It uses 7 bits to store each character. This allows 128 characters - enough for the numbers 0-9, the upper case letters A-Z, lower case letters a-z, most punctuation marks including spaces, parentheses and braces, and some control characters. But it is not enough for letters used in other languages, such as umlauts used in German and Scandinavian languages. Some systems added an 8th bit to ASCII, for another 128 characters, but the extra characters can vary from one system to another. And this doesn't address all languages. There are thousands of Chinese characters alone. To store all of these characters, Unicode was developed. It uses 16 bits to store 65,536 characters.

ASCII is still widely used, especially in the English-speaking areas. The Internet was started in English, and until 2010 URL addresses could only contain certain ASCII characters. Some ASCII characters that are not supported are replaced by a '%' and a number for its location in the ASCII table. The space character, for instance is changed to "%20" when it shows up in a URL. In 2010, Unicode was allowed so people who spoke Russian, Greek, Chinese or other languages could see a domain name in their own language.


Optical disc drive

An optical drive is usually a CD drive or DVD drive. Optical means it uses lenses. The drive uses a light called a laser. A laser is the most exact and powerful sort of light but the laser in the drive is very, very small. The CD or DVD disk is similar to a mirror and the laser light reflects off it. The disk has very small (microscopic) codes written on it. The drive has a very small camera lens beside the laser which can read the codes. Another part of the drive is plugged in to the computer by a wire (inside) and the code goes through the wire as a signal to the computer. 


WWE Heat

WWE Heat was a professional wrestling show made by the World Wrestling Entertainment.

During its televised history in the United States it was shown on the USA Network, MTV and Spike TV.

From 2005 to 2008 it was streamed on WWE.com on Fridays for North American viewers. However it was still televised in internationally. The final episode was streamed on May 30, 2008.

Internationally it was replaced by WWE Vintage Collection a program which featured matches from past WWE events and hosted by WWE 2006 Hall of Fame inductee "Mean" Gene Okerlund.

The show made its debut on August 2, 1998 on the USA Network as "WWF Sunday Night Heat". It began as the second most important show in WWF Programming second to "WWF Monday Night Raw". "Heat" would feature backstage interview segments and in-ring action. Main event stars such as The Rock, Mankind and Triple H would appear often to help further the storylines which occurred on "Monday Night Raw". "Heat" itself lead to a big ratings draw for the USA Network.

When "SmackDown!" was created in 1999, "Heat"<nowiki>'</nowiki>s importance lowered as well as ratings. With the debut of "SmackDown!" it lead to "Heat" being taped before "SmackDown!". When "SmackDown!" debuted in August 1999 it briefly became a recap show, with exclusive interviews and feuds from the past of WWF Programming being made into music videos. This only lasted a couple of weeks as it returned to airing exclusive matches.

The WWF also aired two "Halftime HEAT" television specials which aired during Super Bowl XXXIII on the USA Network. During this period the show moved to MTV as part of a deal between Viacom and the WWE. When the show moved to MTV it began broadcasting live from WWF New York.

In 2002 the show reverted to its previous format of taping the matches before "Raw". Since the brand extension in 2002 "Heat" became exclusive to the "Raw" brand, the only exception to this was pay-per-view nights which were broadcast live from the PPV venues and could involve wrestlers from the "SmackDown!" brand.

In 2002 "SmackDown!" branched off its own secondary show called "Velocity" which mirrored the same format as "Heat".

"Heat" and "Velocity" were not picked up by the USA Network, when WWE moved "Raw" back to the USA Network in October 2005. This left Americans no way of watching the weekend programmes on Television. WWE then made a decision to begin streaming these programmes on WWE.com exclusively for the United States audience. "Sunday Night Heat" soon was renamed "WWE Heat" as it no longer aired on Sundays.

"Heat" was still broadcast internationally due to previous programme commitments. For a short time a special 30 minute live edition of "Heat" began airing in place of the traditional pre-taped Free For All PPV pre-show. This lasted from No Mercy 2005 to Backlash 2006.

When WWE began airing in high definition "Heat" began using the same set as "Raw", "SmackDown!" and "ECW".

The final episode was streamed on WWE.com on May 30, 2008, and was replaced internationally by "WWE Vintage Collection".


Sarojini Sahoo

Sarojini Sahoo (born 1956) is an Indian writer, who has been enlisted among 25 exceptional women of India by ‘Kindle’ English magazine of Kolkata. She has been given the Orissa Sahitya Academy Award (1993), the Jhankar Award (1992), the Bhubaneswar Book Fair Award and the Prajatantra Award.

Sahoo was born in a small town of Dhenkanal in Orissa (India). She has MA and PhD degrees in Oriya Literature and a Bachelor of Law from Utkal University. She now teaches at a degree college in Belpahar, Jharsuguda, Orissa.

Sarojini is the second daughter of Ishwar Chandra Sahoo and (late) Nalini Devi. She is married to Jagadish Mohanty, a veteran writer of Orissa. They have a son and a daughter.

She has published ten anthologies of short stories.
Her English anthologies of short stories are :


Her other Oriya anthologies of short stories are: 

She has been widely translated and published in different Indian languages. Her stories have been included in anthologies published by "Harper Collins", "National Book Trust", "Sahitya Akademi" and "Gnanpith" . She has attended many All India Writer’s meet and workshops arranged by Bharat Bhawan, Bhopal, Sahitya Akademi and National Book Trust.

She has been given the Orissa Sahitya Akademi Award and Bhubaneswar Book Fair award for her short stories collection "Amrutara Pratikshare".

Seven novels published: 

The novel "Upanibesh" was the first attempt in Oriya Literature to focus on sexuality as a part of social revolt by any woman. Medha, the protagonist of Sarojini’s novel, was a bohemian. In her pre-marital stage, she was thinking that it was boring to live with a man life-long.

In her novel "Pratibandi", Sarojini has also described the development of sexuality in a woman. Priyanka, the protagonist of the novel has to encounter the loneliness in the exile of Saragpali, a remote village of India. This loneliness develops into a sexual urge and soon Priyanka finds herself sexually attached with a former Member of Parliament. Though there is an age gap between them, his intelligence impresses her and she discovers a hidden archaeologist in him. Sarojini has painted successfully the difference of sensibility towards sexuality among male and female. Sarojini has her own credibility for the frankness to deals with the sensitive matters either it may be in politics or in sexuality. She has gained a reputation and has her own place in the history of Oriya fiction. Her novel "Gambhiri Ghara" describes an unusual relationship between two people, a Hindu house wife of India and a Muslim artist of Pakistan. It is a net oriented novel. A woman meets a very sexually experienced man. One day he asks if she had any such experience. The woman, Kuki, scolds him and insults him by calling him a caterpillar. She said without love lust is like hunger of a caterpillar. Gradually they become involved with love, lust and spiritually. That man considers her as his daughter, lover, mother, and above all these as a Goddess. They both madly love each other, through the internet and on the phone. They use obscene language; they kiss each other online. Kuki does not lead a happy conjugal life though she has a love marriage with Aniket. The novel is not limited to only a love story. It has a greater aspect. It deals with the relationship between the State and individual. Safique, who is not a Muslim by temperament, and as a historian, thinks the Pakistan of today has separated itself from its roots and looks towards Arabian legends for his history. He protests that the syllabus of history for the school should start from seventh century AD, not from the Mahenjodaro and Harappa. This broad Safique was once arrested after the bomb blast of London for allegation of being associated with the terrorist. But is it a true fact? Later Kuki came to know that Safiques is trapped by a military junta. The ex-lover of Tabassum had revenge on Safique by arresting him with an allegation of terrorism.

Her novel "Gambhiri Ghara" proved to be a bestseller in Oriya literature. Her novels have a reputation for their feminist outlook and sexual frankness and has been translated into English and published from India under the title, The Dark Abode (2008) () and published from Bangladesh in Bengali as Mithya Gerosthali. (2007) () Dr. Vishwanath Bite is working on its Marathi translation. Another novel Pakhibas has been translated in to Bengali and published from Bangladesh under the same title () in 2009.


Eddie Guerrero

Eduardo "Eddie" Gory Guerrero Yañez (October 9, 1967 – November 13, 2005) better known as Eddie Guerrero, was an American professional wrestler from a legendary Mexican wrestling family. He wrestled in Mexico, Japan, Extreme Championship Wrestling (ECW), World Championship Wrestling (WCW) and, most famously, in World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE).

He started his wrestling career in 1987 in the Mexican Empresa Mexicana de Lucha Libre promotion. He became a star in Mexico long before he wrestled in the United States. In 1993, Guerrero began wrestling in Japan for New Japan Pro Wrestling, as Black Tiger II. He was one of the best Mexican wrestlers there are in the world and he made so many accomplishments throughout his lifetime. He won the NJPW Junior Heavyweight Super Grade Tag League Championship with The Great Sasuke making him the most successful Black Tiger. He also won the Best of the Super Juniors 1996 tournament of junior heavyweights. He got a shot at the IWGP Junior Heavyweight Champion The Great Sasuke at NJPW Skydiving J but lost the match.

Guerrero’s first break came in late 1994 when the owner of Extreme Championship Wrestling, Paul Heyman, noticed him and Art Barr. Barr died before he could join ECW with Guerrero. In honor of his fallen friend, Guerrero did his finishing move, the Frog Splash.
Eddie started wrestling for the WCW in late 1995 along with Dean Malenko and Chris Benoit, with whom he had worked in NJPW and ECW. At World War 3 he competed in the 3-ring, 60-man World War 3 battle royal for the vacant WCW World Heavyweight Championship. Guerrero was one of the final 10 men in the battle royal, but was tossed out of the ring by Four Horsemen members. Randy Savage won the match. At Starrcade 1995, Guerrero represented WCW in a WCW vs. NJPW World Cup tournament series. He fell to NJPW wrestler Shinjiro Ohtani in the match but WCW went on to win the series.

Despite Guerrero's success and popularity, he had been one of many wrestlers that were upset at never being given a chance to be main event stars in WCW. Guerrero responded to Bischoff's actions by forming the Latino World Order (or LWO) with Hector Garza and Damien, a take-off on Bischoff's New World Order. with Hector Garza and Damien.

On August 1, 2002 Guerrero began to wrestle for WWE's SmackDown! brand Guerrero aligned himself with his nephew Chavo, forming the tag team Los Guerreros. At Survivor Series 2002, Guerreros faced the tag team champions Edge and Rey Mysterio, and Angle and Benoit for the titles. Eddie made Mysterio submit to The Lasso From El Paso to win their first WWE Tag Team Championship.

During the summer of 2003 Guerrero had begun driving a lowrider to ringside. Guerrero would also capitalize on his "Lie, Cheat, and Steal" anti-hero image by using illegal tactics behind the referee's back to win matches. This caused his increase popularity to rise.
On January 29, 2004 Eddie won SmackDown’s! 15-man Royal Rumble, earning a shot at the WWE Championship At No Way Out 2004, Guerrero defeated the WWE Champion Brock Lesnar in the main event with help from Goldberg at WrestleMania XX he kept his title by beating Kurt Angle. At the end of this event, Guerrero celebrated in the ring with the WWE World Heavyweight Champion Chris Benoit.

At the 2005 No Way Out Eddie teamed with Rey Mysterio and defeated the Basham Brothers to win his final title, the WWE Tag Team Championship for a fourth time, with being it Mysterio's third reign. At WrestleMania 21 Guerrero began a feud with Rey.

Following his, Guerrero was named number one contender to the World Heavyweight Championship and given a title match with Batista. Batista defeated Guerrero at No Mercy 2005 to retain the World Heavyweight Championship.

Eddie Guerrero’s last televised match was November 11, 2005 on SmackDown. He defeated Mr. Kennedy earning a place on the SmackDown! team in the 2005 Survivor Series, He was not able to be in this match because he died on November 13, 2005 of acute heart failure and Eddie was replaced by Randy Orton. Eddie Guerrero was inducted into the WWE Hall of Fame in 2006. Eddie's last match was actually on November 12th, 2005 in Albuquerque, New Mexico against Dave Batista for the World Heavyweight Championship.




Nabta Playa

Nabta Playa was once a large basin in the Nubian Desert. It is about 500 miles south of modern-day Cairo and about 100 kilometers west of Abu Simbel in southern Egypt, 22° 32' north, 30° 42' east. Many archaeological sites have been found there.

From around the 10th millennium BC, this area began to get more rainfall than before. Because of the extra rainwater, a lake formed. Early people may have come here because there was water available. They could only graze their cattle where there was grass, and grass only grew next to water.

Archaeologists (scientists who find and study artifacts) say that the first people came to the region between the 10th and 8th millennia BC. These peoples were growing domesticated cattle and using ceramic pottery. The ceramics had complicated painted patterns on them. These patterns may have been made by using combs.

By the 7th millennium BC, more developed settlements were in the area. They also used deep wells for water. Huts are found built in straight rows. People lived from fruit, legumes, millets, sorghum and tubers. A little later in 7th millennium BC, there seem to have been more goats and sheep. These most likely came from Southwest Asia . There were many large hearths.

Archaeological findings show that these prehistoric peoples lived at a higher level of organization than those who came after them, who lived closer to the Nile Valley:
Findings also show that the region was occupied only seasonally. People only lived there in the summer, when the lake filled with water for grazing cattle. Analysis of human remains show that the people who lived here may have migrated from sub-Saharan Africa.

By the 6th millennium BC, there may have been a prehistoric religion or cult. Sacrificed cattle were found buried in stone-roofed chambers lined with clay. This cattle cult in Nabta Playa may be related to Ancient Egypt's Hathor cult. An example of this connection may be that Hathor was worshiped as a nighttime protector in desert regions.

Though the religious practices of the region involving cattle show possible ties to Ancient Egypt, Egyptologist Mark Lehner says:

This means that though there is evidence, there is no direct proof showing that the cattle cult was connected to Hathor.

By the 5th millennium BC these peoples had fashioned one of the world's earliest known astronomical devices (roughly contemporary to the Goseck circle in Germany), about 1000 years older than but comparable to Stonehenge. It may have been a prehistoric calendar which accurately marks the summer solstice.

The research done by the astrophysicist Thomas G. Brophy suggests that these monoliths might tell much more. The calendar circle itself is made up of one doorway that runs north-south, a second that runs northeast-southwest marking the summer solstice, and six center stones. Brophy's theory proposes first that three of the center stones match the belt of Orion at its minimum tilt and the other three match the shoulder and head stars of Orion at their maximum tilt. This cycle repeats approximately every 25,000 years, following the precession of the equinoxes. The last minimum of Orion's belt occurred between 6400 BC and 4900 BC, matching the radio-carbon dating of campfires around the circle.

The stone circle at Nabta Playa is built precisely on what was then the Tropic of Cancer, the sun's farthest North point of travel that is, today, about 23 degrees 40 minutes N. Such a site would interest the wise men of the megalithic era and some would travel many days to erect such a site and then study there.

Another stone megalithic structure exists which consists of a central radial stone and several other stones in the distance. In interpreting this Brophy found that the lines made to these stones from the radial stone match the spots in the sky where the various stars marked by the center stones in the calendar circle at the time they rose as the vernal equinox heliacal rising. In analyzing the varying distances, mulling through assumptions such as that they represented the brightness of the stars, he inadvertently found that they matched the distance of the stars from Earth on a scale of 1 meter = .799 light years within the margin of error for astronomical distances calculated today.


Video card

In computing, a video card, graphics card or graphics accelerator is a special circuit board that controls what is shown on a computer monitor and calculates 3D images and graphics.

A video card can be used to display a two-dimensional (2D) image like a desktop, or a three-dimensional (3D) image like a computer game. Computer-Aided Design (CAD) programs are often used by architects, engineers and designers to create 3D models on their computers. If a computer has a very fast video card, the user can create very detailed 3D models.

Most computers have a basic video and graphics capabilities built-in to the computer's motherboard. These "integrated" video chips are not as fast as in separate or "discrete" video cards. Normally, they are fast enough for basic computer use and old or simple computer games on lower graphic settings. If a computer user wants faster and/or more detailed graphics, a video card can be installed.

Video cards have their own processor (called a Graphics Processing Unit or GPU). The GPU is distinct from the main computer processor (called the Central Processing Unit or CPU). The CPU's job is to process the calculations needed to make the computer function. The GPU's job is to handle graphics calculations. 3D graphics calculations take a lot of CPU power, so having a video card to handle the graphics calculations lets the CPU work on other things like running computer programs.

Video cards also have their own memory, separate from the main computer memory. It is usually much faster than main computer memory, too. This helps the GPU do its graphics calculations even faster. Most video cards also can make one computer use more than one computer monitor at one time. Graphics manufacturers Nvidia and AMD (Advanced Micro Devices) have special technologies that allow two identical cards to be linked together in a single computer for much faster performance. Nvidia calls their technology and AMD calls their technology . Some modern graphics cards can even process physics calculations to create even more realistic-looking 3D worlds.

Video cards typically connect to a motherboard using the Peripheral Component Interconnect (PCI), the (AGP) or the (PCI Express or PCI-E). PCI-E is the newest and fastest connection; which nearly all modern video cards and motherboards have this connection. Before PCI-E was used, AGP was the standard connection for video cards. Before AGP, video cards were designed for PCI (sometimes called "regular" PCI).

In early computing years, graphics processing was very basic and could be done by the CPU along with all the other processing. However, as computer games advanced and started using 3D graphics, the CPU had too much to do and CPU-makers could not keep up on making them faster. Eventually, video cards, with their own GPU, were invented to solve this problem. This lets the CPU do more of its own work since it does not have to spend any time on advanced graphics calculations; it can simply pass these calculations off to the GPU to be done.

The first video cards connected to the motherboard via the ISA connection. The first popular non-IBM video cards were manufactured by a company called Hercules Computer Technology, Inc. Throughout the years, the importance of video cards has grown. As they evolved, a new connection standard was developed called Advanced Graphics Port (AGP). This was the first motherboard connection designed exclusively for video cards. It was much faster at transferring information between the video card and the rest of the computer. Eventually, the AGP connection became outdated, and a new connection, called PCI Express (PCI-E), became the standard for video cards. Most video cards manufactured today use PCI-E to connect to the motherboard.

Barahona, Dominican Republic

Barahona, also known as Santa Cruz de Barahona, is the head municipality of the Barahona province, on the southwest of the country.

It is the largest city of the Dominican southwest and the centre of the region.

The municipality had, in 2010, a total population of 62,054: 30,799 men and 31,255 women. The urban population was of the total population, one of the most urban municipality in the country.

Since the 18th century, the region was occupied by fishermen and people that came here to cut trees. When Toussaint L'Ouverture took the eastern part of the Hispaniola island in the name of France, he gave the order to create the town of Barahona in 1802 as part of the Ozama Department.

After the Independence in 1844, Barahona was a military post of the Azua Province.

In 1858, Barahona was elevated to the category of municipality. When the province was created in 1881, Barahona was made its head municipality.

The city of Santa Cruz de Barahona is in a plain along the coast, in the lower valley of the Yaque del Sur river. Part of the municipality is on the mountains of Sierra de Bahoruco.

Barahona is at to the west of Santo Domingo. The limits of the municipality are the municipality of Fundación to the north, the Caribbean Sea to the east, the municipality of La Ciénaga to the south and the municipality of Cabral to the west.

Barahona has a tropical wet and dry/savanna climate (Köppen climate classification : Aw). The climate on the mountains of the Sierra de Baoruco, where there are some rainforests, is cooler and more wet.

The average amount of rainfall for the year in the city is . Most rains fall during the end of summer. The month with the most precipitation on average is October with of rainfall, followed by May with .

The driest season is winter. The month with the least rainfall on average is February with an average of and the second is January with .

Barahona is in a warm region; the average temperature for the year is . The warmest months, on average, are July and August with an average temperature of . The coolest months on average are December, January and February, with an average temperature of .

The municipality of Santa Cruz de Barahona has three municipal districts; these are:

The main economic activity of the province is agriculture; the main product in the municipality is a very good coffee ("Barahona Type Coffee"), grown in the mountains of Eastern Bahoruco.

There are also some important industries, mainly to produce textiles to send to other countries, and sugar in the "Ingenio Barahona" ("Barahona Sugar Factory").

There is a port in the city; it is used to send coffee and sugar to other countries.

Sindh

Sindh () () is a province in Pakistan. The provincial capital of Sindh is Karachi. Sindh has a population of 47.9 million people and an area of 54,407 mi² or (140,914 km²). The provincial region of Sindh is larger than Greece but smaller than Tajikistan,

The province of Sindh and the people inhabiting the region are named after the river known as the Sindhu River and now called the Indus River. 

The Greeks who conquered Sindh in 325 BC under Alexander the Great called it "Indós", hence the modern "Indus". A study said, the Ancient Gypsy hail from Sindh from the Rohri Taluka in the Sukkur District

Sindh () is one of the provinces of Pakistan. Sindh was home to one of the world's oldest civilizations, the Indus Valley Civilization which is 5,500 years old 'Hind' word is derived from the words 'Sindh' and while its worth noting that Hind was known because of Sind by the early persian and Arabs '. On the 26th of June in 1947 "Sindh" joined Pakistan by a majority vote of members of the 1947 provincial legislature.

Khyber Pakhtunkhwa

Khyber Pakhtunkhwa () is a province in northwest Pakistan. The capital is Peshawar and it has a population of 14 million people and an area of 28,773 mi² or (74,521 km²). The province was created in 1901 during British rule when it was separated from a Punjab province of the British India Empire. A referendum was held in the North West Frontier Province on 2 July 1947. The majority of voters wanted to join with Pakistan, with only a very small number voting to join with India. The province became a part of Pakistan, because of this referendum.

Khyber Pakhtunkhwa is divided into 26 districts. There are 21 Settled Area Districts and 5 Provincially Administered Tribal Areas (PATA) Districts. The administration of the PATA districts is the responsibility the President of Pakistan and the Governor of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa.
For over a hundred years from its founding as a province of British India in 1901, it was known as the North-West Frontier Province. Afghania is another name long considered as a replacement for North-West Frontier Province. It was proposed first by the founding leaders of the Muslim League in 1933 and was at least partly chosen to represent the first "a" in "Pakistan. In 2010 it was renamed.

"Pakhtunkhwa" (and the other transliteration variants) is derived from "Pakhtun" and "khwa", the former refers to the ethnic group and the latter literally means "heart".

Khyber Pakhtunkhwa sits primarily on the Iranian plateau and comprises the junction where the slopes of the Hindu Kush mountains on the Eurasian plate give way to the Indus-watered hills approaching South-central Asia. This situation has led to seismic activity in the past. The famous Khyber Pass links the province to Afghanistan, while the Kohalla Bridge in Circle Bakote Abbottabad is a major crossing point over the Jhelum River in the east.

The province has an area of 28,773 mi² or (74,521 km²) — comparable in size to New England in North America.
Peshawar, Mardan, Kohat, Abbottabad, Dera Ismail Khan and Hangu are the main cities. It borders on Afghanistan.

The region varies in topography from dry rocky areas in the south to forests and green plains in the north. The climate can be extreme with intensely hot summers to freezing cold winters. Despite these extremes in weather, agriculture remains important and viable in the area.

The hilly terrain of Kalam, Upper Dir, Swat, Naran and Kaghan is renowned for its beauty and attracts a great many tourists from neighboring regions and from around the world. Swat is popular among tourists as the "Switzerland of South Asia" as there are many landscape similarities between it and the mountainous terrain of Switzerland.

Geographically the province could be divided into two zones: the northern one extending from the ranges of the Hindu Kush to the borders of Peshawar basin and the southern one extending from Peshawar to the Derajat basin.

The northern zone is cold and snowy in winters with heavy rainfall and pleasant summers with the exception of Peshawar basin, which is hot in summer and cold in winter. It has moderate rainfall. The southern zone is arid with hot summers and relatively cold winters and scanty rainfall.

The major rivers that cross through the province are the Kabul, Swat, Chitral, Kunar, Siran, Panjgora, Bara, Kurram, Dor, Haroo, Gomal and Zhob.

Its snow-capped peaks and lush green valleys of unusual beauty have enormous potential for tourism.

According to the 1998 census, the population of the province was approximately 20 million, of whom 52% are males and 48% are females. The density of population is 187 per km² and the intercensal change of population is of about 30%.

In KPK about 70% of the people are Pashtuns and they speak Pashto as a first language. Other widely spoken languages are Erina, Kalami, Khowar, Kohistani, and Yidgha. Panjabi is understood by majority of the people.

The President of Pakistan appoints a Governor as head of the provincial government of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa. There is a directly-elected Provincial Assembly, which has 124 elected members (including 22 seats reserved for women and 3 seats for non-Muslims). The Provincial Assembly elects a Chief Minister to act as the chief executive of the province, assisted by a cabinet of ministers.


Balochistan, Pakistan

Balochistan () is a province in Pakistan. The capital of Balochistan is Quetta. Balochistan has a population of about 10 million people and an area of 134,051 mi or (347,190 km). It covers 45% of Pakistani territory; in terms of area the province of Balochistan is greater in area than Republic of the Congo but smaller than Germany. 

Baluchistan (Chief commissioners province) - seceded from British India and became part of Pakistan in 1947. On the 30th of June in 1947 the "Khan of Kalat" joined Pakistan; tribal gathering and municipality of Quetta also declared for Pakistan. Baluchistan States Union - The BSU was formed after the formal Accession of four individual princely states into the new Dominion of Pakistan on the 31st of March in 1948, apart from the enclave of Gwadar that was in cessation from Oman to Pakistan on the 8th of September in 1958. Both CCP & BSU became the New Province of Balochistan on the 1st of July in 1970, after the dissolution of the former "West Pakistan" and is an “Integral Part of Pakistan”.

In common with the other provinces of Pakistan, Balochistan has a parliamentary system of government. The ceremonial head of the province is the Governor, who is appointed by the President of Pakistan on the advice of the provincial Chief Minister. The chief executive of the province is the Chief Minister who is normally the leader of the largest party or alliance in the provincial assembly. The unicameral Provincial Assembly of Balochistan comprises 65 seats of which 4% are reserved for non-Muslims and 16% for women only. The judicial branch of government is carried out by the Balochistan High Court, based in Quetta, and headed by a Chief Justice. For administrative purposes, the province is subdivided into 30 districts:

The Baloch people once referred to their land as "Moka" or "Maka", a word which later became "Makran". "Moka" might have been an adaptation of "Mahi-khoran", Persian for "fish eaters", an appellation used by the Persians of the west for the people of coastal Balochistan. Arrian, in his "Anabasis Alexandri", referred to the people of the region as the "ichythophagi", a Greek translation of "Mahi-khoran".

Balochistan is referred to in Pashto as "Gwadar" or "Godar" (also "Godar-khwa", i.e., "the land by water"). The Greeks, who derived the names of Iranian lands from the Bactrian language, Hellenised it to Gedrosia.

In an eleventh-century Sanskrit compilation of Jataka tales (Avadānakalpalatā) by Kshemendra of Kashmir, the land is called "Baloksh" (बलोक्ष). From Baloksh, the name evolved and was Persianised to Balochistan. The area is named after the numerous Baloch (or Baluch, Balouch, Balooch, Balush, Balosh, Baloosh, Baloush) tribes, an Iranian people, who moved into the area from the west around 1000 A.D. The name Balochistan means "the land of the Baloch" in many regional languages.

The Balochi, Pashto and Brahui languages are spoken in the balochistan province, Sindhi language is also spoken by indigenous Sindhi people of Balochistan since ancient times, the Jadgali, Lasi, Siraiki & Khetrani are few major dialects of Sindhi language which are spoken in south and eastern parts of balochistan. The southern part of Balochistan is known as Makran. There are also relatively smaller communities of Iranian Baloch, Hazaras, Dehwars and other settlers, including Punjabis, Uzbeks, and Turkmens.

Balochistan is in south-west Pakistan. The area is . It is Pakistan's largest province by area constituting 44% of Pakistan's total land mass. The province is bordered by Afghanistan to the north and north-west, Iran to the south-west, Punjab and Sindh, and Khyber Pakhtunkhwa and the Federally Administered Tribal Areas to the north-east. To the south lies the Arabian Sea. Balochistan is located on the south-eastern part of the Iranian plateau. It borders the geopolitical regions of the Greater Middle East and Southwest Asia, Central Asia and South-central Asia. Balochistan lies at the mouth of the Strait of Hormuz and provides the shortest route from seaports to Central Asia. Its geographical location has placed the otherwise desolate region in the scopes of competing global interests like Afghanistan for all of recorded history.

The capital city Quetta is in a densely populated portion of the Sulaiman Mountains in the north-east of the province. It is situaed in a river valley near the Bolan Pass which has been used as the route of choice from the coast to Central Asia, entering through Afghanistan's Kandahar region. The British and other historic empires have crossed the region to invade Afghanistan by this route.

Balochistan is rich in exhaustible and renewable resources; it is the second major supplier of natural gas in Pakistan. The province's renewable and human resource potential has not been systematically measured nor exploited due to pressures from within and without Pakistan. Local inhabitants have chosen to live in towns and have relied on sustainable water sources for thousands of years.


Italian Campaign (World War I)

The Italian campaign was a series of battles fought between Austria-Hungary and Italy in the mountains of northern Italy between 1915 and 1918. 

Italy did not fight for the Triple Alliance, despite promises to Germany and Austria-Hungary, in 1914, when World War I started. In 1915, Italy joined the Triple Entente to take part of Austria-Hungary. Italian irredentism wanted the province of Trento ("Trentino"), the port of Trieste and the province of Bolzano-Bozen ("Alto Adige/Südtirol"), Istria, and Dalmatia.

Italy had hoped to begin the war with a surprise attack to act quickly and capture several Austrian-held cities. However, the war in Italy soon turned to trench warfare, which was similar to that of the Western Front. 

Choudhary Rahmat Ali

Chaudhry Rahmat Ali or Rehmat Ali Khan (November 16, 1897 - February 12, 1951) was an Indian Muslim who was one of the first people to ask for the creation of the state of Pakistan. He is famous for coining the name, or term "Pakistan" on January 28, 1933. 

In Pakistan he has considerable importance. His articles are taught in the course books of Pakistani schools.

Abbottabad

Abbottabad is a city in Pakistan. It is in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa and is the capital of Abbottabad District. It is also known as the "city of the pines". More that 1.4 million people live in the city. One of the most important places for army training in Pakistan, the Pakistan Military Academy, is in Kakul, near Abbottabad.

Abbottabad is in the Orash valley, between the two parallel mountain ranges of Mount Sarban and Mount Shimla. In addition to being the district capital, it is also the capital of the Hazara Division of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan. It is linked by road to Haripur and Rawalpindi to the South, Mansehra to the North-West and Murree to the East.

The city of Abbottabad is named after Major James Abbott – a British soldier and administrator who founded the city during British rule in 1853. British rule in this area lasted from 1849 until Pakistan became independent in 1947. During this time, Abbottabad was an important army garrison or base for the British Indian Army. 

The people of Abbottabad are mostly from the Syed (shahs), Karlal, Dhund Abbasi, Gurjar, Awan, Tanoli and Jadoon tribes. It is a peaceful area with high literacy and low crime rates. The main language, or dialect, spoken here is Hindko dialect of Panjabi. In the rural suburbs of the town people practice some agriculture, whereas the town itself offers many commercial and business opportunities of different types.

Although the original old town of Abbottabad has expanded a lot, much of its original 1850s town, civil lines and cantonment still survive from the time of the British Raj. Some of its old sights are of special historical interest to tourists, including St Luke's Church, Abbottabad and the Old Christian Cemetery Abbottabad. The fine Lady Garden Park is also a popular place.

In May 2011, commandos from the US Navy attacked a large house in Kakul area close to Abbottabad and killed five people. The Al-Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden had been living in the house, and was one of the people who were killed there.


Abbottabad District

Abbottabad District is a district in the Hazara Division of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan. The district has an area of 1,969 km, with the city of Abbottabad being the capital. Neighbouring districts are Mansehra to the north, Muzaffarabad to the east, Haripur to the west, and Rawalpindi to the south.

The district is named after Major James Abbott, the first deputy commissioner of Hazara (1849–1853).

According to the 1981 census data for Abbottabad tehsil, 95% of the population have Hindko dialect of Panjabi as their first language, while Pashto account for 1.7% and 0.9% respectively.

The Ayubia National Park was established in 1984, this park covers an area of over 3,312 ha.

The Qalanderabad game reserve was established in 1980 with an area of 8,940ha.

Abbottabad district is divided into four tehsils, Abbottabad, Lower Tanawal, Havelian and Lora Hazara as well as one urban administration area - Nawanshehr.
There are fifty-one Union Councils in the district, 35 in Abbottabad tehsil and 16 in Havelian. These are:


Bannu District

Bannu District is a district in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan. The city of Bannu is the capital.

Battagram District

Batagram District is a district in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan. Previously was independent territory. The Batagram Bazar is the head quarter of district.

Battagram obtained the status of district in July 1993 when it was upgraded from a Tehsil and separated from Mansehra District by an executive order. Battagram obtained the status of district in July 1993 when it was upgraded from a Tehsil and separated from Mansehra District by an executive order, Mr. Yousaf Khan Trand (Late provincial Minister in Mir Afzal Khan Cabinet Khyber Pakhtunkhwa) was the leader who struggled for Battagram and made it a separate district, before district it was a tehsil of District Mansehra. It has geographical borders with Kohistan District, Tribal Area Torghar , Shangla District and Malakand Division. The district consists of two sub-divisions It has geographical borders with Kohistan District, Tribal Area Tor ghar , Shangla District and Malakand Division. The district consists of two sub-divisions or Tehsils which contain a total of 20 Union Councils:


Buner District

Buner District is a district in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan. The major language spoken in the region is Pashto. Most people are "Muslim" who follow "Islam".


Charsadda District

Charsadda District is a district in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan. The city of Charsadda is the capital.


Dera Ismail Khan District

Dera Ismail Khan District is a district in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan. The city of Dera Ismail Khan is the capital. It is the most southern district of KPK and has an area of and a population of 852,995 as of the 1998 Census. The main language of the district is a dialect of Saraiki. 


Hangu District

Hangu District is a district in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan. The city of Hangu is the capital.

Haripur District

Haripur District is a district in the Hazara Division of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan. The city of Haripur is the capital.

Karak District

Karak District is a district in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan. The city of Karak is the capital. This district is the second smallest district in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa after Hangu. The area of this district is 3395 km.

The district of Karak is administratively subdivided into three tehsils.


Tehsil karak is considered as the resources rich tehsil in district karak and here the resorces of gas and oil are discovered. 
Tehsil Banda Daud Shah is also considered as resources rich tehsil having the Pakistan second largest salt mine founds in bahadur khel. 
Tehsil Takhte Nasrati is also known for resources like uranium founds in zarki nasrati.
Kohat District

Kohat District is a district in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan. The city of Kohat is the capital. The Kohati dialect of the Panjabi language is spoken in this district, although outside the province it is influenced by inhabitants of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa.


Kohistan District, Pakistan

Kohistan District is a district in the Hazara Division of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan. The town of "Dassu" is the district headquarters. The area is also called Abasin Kohistan or Indus Kohistan, after the Indus River that runs through the middle of the district.

Kohistan District is divided into 4 Tehsils (subdivisions):


Farming and growing livestock are the main focus of the economy there. Growing timber has also become more important in recent years. The district has one of the lowest literacy rates in Pakistan, about 10% of the people can read and write. Education is spreading though.

Lakki Marwat District

Lakki Marwat District is a district in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa Province of Pakistan. The city of Lakki Marwat is the capital.

Lower Dir District

Lower Dir ( ，) is one of the 27 districts in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan. It is in the north-western part of the province and has an area of 1583 square kilometers.  Timergara city is the district headquarters and largest city.

It used to be one district named Dir but in 1996 it was divided into two, Upper Dir and Lower Dir.The population of lower dir is mainly Yousafzai pashtoon including Clans (khadagzai, Adenzai , Malizai) and partly utmankhel tribe.

At the time of Pakistan's independence in 1947, Dir was a princely state ruled by Nawab Shah Jehan Khan. It was merged in Pakistan in 1969 and later on declared a district in 1970. Later on in 1996 it was divided into Lower Dir and Upper Dir.

Some of Dir is mountainous with peaks rising to 5000 meters.

The population of the Lower Dir district was 797,852 according to the 1998 census report. The population of Dir Lower was predicted to be 1.037.091 in 2005.

Lower Dir is divided into seven Tehsils which contain a total of 41 union councils.
This district is represented by two elected MNA's (Member of National Assembly) in Pakistan National Assembly. Its constituencies are NA-6 & 7.

Qazi Hussain Ahmad won the general elections in 2002 but he left the seat as he had also won from his native constituency. Therefore, in January 2003 another election was held.

The district is represented by five elected MPAs in the provincial assembly.


Malakand District

Malakand District is a district in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan. 


Mansehra District

Mansehra District is a district in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan. The city of Mansehra is the capital.


Mardan District

Mardan District is a district in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan. The city of Mardan is the capital.


Nowshera District

Nowshera District is a district of the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province in Pakistan. The city of Nowshera is the capital.

Peshawar District

Peshawar District is a district in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan. The city of Peshawar is the capital. In 1998, the population of the district was 2,019,000, of which 49% were urban.

Shangla District

Shangla District is a district in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan. The city of Alpuri is the capital.

The district is split into the following tehsils:


Middle Eastern theatre of World War I

The Middle Eastern theatre of World War I was a large theatre during the first World War. Battles here were fought between the Allied Powers (especially Britain and Russia) and the Central Powers (especially the Ottoman Empire).

This theatre was the largest of all the theatres of WWI. It was made of four main campaigns. In the Sinai and Palestine Campaign, mainly British forces defeated the Turkish army. In the Mesopotamian Campaign, British forces, mainly the Army of India, also defeated the Turkish army. In the Caucasus Campaign, Turkey fought against the Russian Empire and other forces. In the Dardanelles Campaign the Turkish army defeated British forces, mainly colonial. There were also minor campaigns in Arabia and Southern Arabia, Aden, and Persia.

Fighting here began on October 29, 1914 and ended on October 30, 1918. A peace treaty was signed on August 10, 1920. 

Swabi District

Swabi District is a district in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan. The city of Swabi is the capital.


Swat District

Swat District is a district in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan. The capital of Swat is Saidu Sharif, but the main city in Swat is Mingora. It was a princely state until 1969, when it was dissolved and made part of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa. It is the third largest district in KPK with a population of 2,309,570.

With many lakes, green meadows and mountains, it is popular with tourists.

Swat is surrounded by Chitral, Upper Dir and Lower Dir in the West, Gilgit-Baltistan in North, Upper and Lower Kohistan, Buner and Shangla in the East and south East.

The District of Swat is subdivided into 7 Tehsils i.e.

Swat is populated mostly by ethnic Pashtuns and Gujjar and Kohistani communities. The main language spoken is Pashto, with a minority of Torwali and Kalami Kohistani speakers in the Swat Kohistan region of Upper Swat.

According to 1981 census, Pashto is main language and spoken by 90.28% of population while Kohistani is spoken by 8.67%.

Tank District

Tank District is a district in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan. The city of Tank is the capital.

Upper Dir District

Upper Dir is one of the 26 districts in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan. It is located in the north-western part of the province and has an area of 3,699 km square kilometers.  Dir is the district headquarters. 

It used to be one district named Dir but in 1996 it was divided into two, Upper Dir and Lower Dir District.

At the time of Pakistan's independence in 1947, Dir was a princely state ruled by Nawab Shah Jehan Khan. It was merged in Pakistan in 1969 and later on declared a district in 1970. Later on in 1996 it was divided.

The district is represented by three elected MPAs in the provincial assembly.


Bannu

Bannu is a city in Pakistan. It is in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province and is the capital of Bannu District.

Battagram

Batagram () is a city in Pakistan. It is in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province and is the capital of Batagram District.

Charsadda

Charsadda is a city in Pakistan. It is in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province and is the capital of Charsadda District.

Chitral District

Chitral () is a district in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan. It has population of about 318,689 people at the 1998 Census, which grew to about 378,000 people by 2004. It has one of the highest mountains of the world, Tirich Mir. It is the largest district in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, with an area of 14,850 sq. kilometres.

Chitral District is the most northerly district in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province. to the west and north is Afghanistan. To the east of Chitral is Kashmir and to the south are the Pakistani districts of Upper Dir and Swat. Chitral can be accessed by air via the Chitral Airport which is approximately 3 km from the town. Regular flights from Peshawar and Islamabad are run by the PIA.

The terrain of Chitral is quite mountainous, part of the Pamir Mountains are situated here. Tirich Mir which at 25,289 feet (7,708 metres) is the highest peak of the Hindu Kush, rises in the north of the district.

Chitral is connected to the rest of Pakistan by only two road routes, the Lowari Pass (el. 10,230 ft.) from Dir and Shandur Top (el. 12,200 ft.) from Gilgit. Both routes are closed in winter. The Lowari Tunnel is being constructed under the Lowari Pass and is opened two times a week when Lowari Top is closed due to snowfall.

It was reported in 2004 that Afghanistan had agreed to allow access from Pakistan to Chitral though Afghan territory and the Kunar Valley, by passing Lowari Pass.

Two other passes give access on foot to Chitral, the Broghol Pass and the Dorah Pass, both from Afghanistan. Both are closed in winter.

The general population is mainly of the Kho people, who speak the Khowar language (or Chitrali), which is also spoken in parts of Yasin, Gilgit and Swat. Chitral is also home to the Kalash tribe who live in three remote valleys southwest of Chitral town.

The Norwegian linguist Georg Morgenstierne wrote that Chitral is the area of the greatest linguistic diversity in the world. Although Khowar is the predominant language of Chitral, more than ten other languages are spoken here. These include Kalasha-mun, Erina, Savi Palula, Dameli, Gawar-Bati, Nuristani, Yidgha, Burushaski, Wakhi, Kyrgyz, Persian and Pashto. Chitrali language is written in Perso-Arabic script.

Until 1969, Chitral was a princely state, within the Malakand Agency. In 1970 Chitral was absorbed into Pakistan as the new Chitral District, until 2000 within Malakand Division.

The district of Chitral is divided into two tehsils 

This district is represented by one elected MNA (Member of National Assembly) in Pakistan National Assembly. Its constituency is NA-32.
The district is represented by two elected MPAs in the provincial assembly who represent the following constituencies:


Dera Ismail Khan

Dera Ismail Khan is a city in Pakistan. It is in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province and is the capital of Dera Ismail Khan District.

Hangu (Pakistan)

Hangu is a city in Pakistan. It is in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province and is the capital of Hangu District.

Haripur, Pakistan

Haripur is a city in Pakistan. It is in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province and is the capital of Haripur District. It was founded by a Sikh General in 1822.

Karak, Pakistan

Karak is a city in Pakistan. It is in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province and is the capital of Karak District. The main source of income of the people of Karak is agriculture.

Kohat

Kohat is a city in Pakistan. It is in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province and is the capital of Kohat District.

The majority of the people in this city speak the Kohati variety of Hindko dialect of Panjabi.

Lakki Marwat

Lakki Marwat is a city in Pakistan. It is in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province and is the capital of Lakki Marwat District.

Mansehra

Mansehra is a city in Pakistan. It is in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa and is the capital of Mansehra District.
The district has 3 subdivisions - Mansehra Tehsil, Oghi Tehsil and Balakot. It also has a tribal territory called Kala Dhaka, which has however now been given a separate district status also. The district currently has 1.5 million people. The important towns in the district are Baffa, Shinkiari, Kaghan, Naran, Garhi Habibullah, Balakot,Phulra, Oghi, Darband and Khaki.

The Karakoram Highway (or KKH) goes through this district and has a 60 km stretch in the district. Likewise the Mansehra-Naran-Jalkhan-Naran (MNJC). Road also commences in the district and has a 200 km stretch up to Babusar Pass passing through the district. The MNJC is being developed as an alternate route to the Northern Areas of Pakistan.

Mardan

Mardan (Pashto: مردان), is a city in Pakistan. It is in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province. The city is the capital of Mardan District. It is known as the "city of hospitality".

Nowshera

Nowshera is a city in Pakistan. It is in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province and is the capital of Nowshera District.

Alpuri

Alpuri is a city in Pakistan. It is in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province. It is the capital of Shangla District. It is the headquarters of Alpuri Tehsil.

Saidu Sharif

Saidu Sharif is a city in Pakistan. It is in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province and is the capital of Swat District.

Tank, Pakistan

Tank is a city in Pakistan. It is in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province and is the capital of Tank District.

Theatre (warfare)

In warfare, a theatre or theater is an area where there are many battles. Theatres are bordered by peaceful areas.

Some wars, such as the Franco-Prussian War, are fought in one theatre. Many wars, for example the Seven Years' War have been fought in many different theatres. There were many theatres in World War I and World War II. The Napoleonic wars were the first multi-theatre war in modern times. The use of the word "theatre" for war was first seen in the book "On War" by Carl von Clausewitz.

A "Theatre of operations" (TO) is a sub-area within a theatre of war. The boundary of a TO is defined by the commander who is orchestrating or providing support for specific combat operations within the TO. It means the territory, including adjoining sea areas and air space, in which a war was conducted.

<br>

Charlotte Perrelli

Charlotte Perrelli (born Anna Jenny Charlotte Nilsson on October 7, 1974 in Hovmantorp, Kronobergs län) is a Swedish singer,television host and actress, perhaps most famous for winning Melodifestivalen 1999 and subsequently the Eurovision Song Contest 1999 with her song "Take Me To Your Heaven". Since then she has released six singles and four albums. In 2008, Perrelli won Melodifestivalen 2008, and then represented Sweden in the Eurovision Song Contest 2008 in Belgrade, Serbia.

All regularly released albums and their chart positions in the Sweden Top 60 (SWE).
Soundtracks containing Charlotte Perrelli songs.

Compilations containing Charlotte Perrelli songs.


Attock District

Attock District () is a district in the Punjab province of Pakistan. 

The district of Attock is administratively subdivided into six tehsils, each with an elected Nazim:


Bahawalnagar District

Bahawalnagar District () is a district in the Punjab province of Pakistan. The city of Bahawalnagar is the capital.It is 192 miles south of Lahore and about 120 miles east of Bahwalpur. River Satluj passes on the northern side at a distance of about 6 miles.

Bahawalnagar originally known as Rojhanwali was a small settlement consisting of few huts and shacks. This village Rojhanwali is still in existence at a distance of about 1.5 miles north of the Railway Station. In the year 1895, railway station was established and was named as Rojhanwali Railway Station. It was a Junction between Bahawalnagar and Bhatinda at distance of 113 miles, now linking branch lines Amrooka and Fortabbas. Before partition it was very busy junction. Trains used to run from Karachi to Delhi and vice versa via Bahawalnagar. Passenger trains also used to run from Bahawalnagar to Fazilka, Ferozpur. There was a locoshed and two institutes meant for recreation.

The District of Bahawalnagar is spread over an area of 8,878 square kilometres comprising five tehsils and 118 Union Councils of Pakistan.

Bahawalpur District

Bahawalpur District () is a district in the Punjab province of Pakistan. The city of Bahawalpur is the capital. The Riasti dialect of the Saraiki language is spoken here, and the neighboring areas in the Bahawalpur area of Cholistan.

The district is administratively divided into five tehsils and 107 Union Councils:


Bhakkar District

Bhakkar District () is a district in the Punjab province of Pakistan. The city of Bhakkar is the capital.

The district is administratively divided into four tehsils and 42 Union Councils of Pakistan


Chakwal District

Chakwal District () is a district in the Punjab province of Pakistan. The city of Chakwal is the capital.

The district is administratively subdivided into five tehsils and 68 Union Councils


Dera Ghazi Khan District

Dera Ghazi Khan District () is a district in the Punjab province of Pakistan. The city of Dera Ghazi Khan is the capital.



Faisalabad District

Faisalabad District () is a district in the Punjab province of Pakistan. The city of Faisalabad is the capital.

Gujranwala District

Gujranwala District () is a district in the Punjab province of Pakistan. The city of Gujranwala is the capital.

Gujranwala (), the capital of Gujranwala District, is a city in the northeast of the Punjab province in Pakistan. It borders the districts of Sialkot, to the north and east, Shiekhupura, to the south, Hafizabad, to the west and south, and Gujrat district to the west, on the other side of the Chenab river. The district is in the ancient region of Punjab, known as Sandal Bar, between the rivers of Chenab and Ravi.

The southern area of Gujranwala district is known as the Virkyat region or Virk territory, were the Virk Jatts held their territory, independently. The Chatha Jatts never got on with the Sikh Sardars, there were wars all the time. until the reign of Sher-e-Panjab. Before the arrival of Sikhs, into Gujranwala area, it was mainly held by local Muslim tribes, while Gujranwala, Garjakh, Qila Mian Singh, Botala Jhanda Singh, Butala Sham Singh, Eminabad, Kamoke, Qila Didar Singh, Ruriala, Mari Thakran, Ladhe Wala Waraich, Wazirabad, Dhounkal, Wadala Cheema, Mughal Chak were the only, that were under local Sikh Rule. In 1738, Panah Bhatti, a very powerful, Chieftain, had the whole of western Punjab, from Hasan Abdal, Attock, to the banks of the River Ravi, at his mercy, Gujranwala area, was to under his influence, but was defeated, by the Muslim Mughal Governors, of Lahore. Panah Bhatti, was captured and killed. 

Sardar Amir Singh, was a very old Sikh Chieftain of Gujranwala, belonging to the Waraich Jat Clan. He had two sons Gurbakhsh Singh and Dal Singh, and two daughters including, Desan Kaur (d. 1778), Mai Desan in 1756, was married to Sardar Charat Singh Sukerchakia (d. 1770), who was from Amritsar District of Punjab, crossed the river Ravi, with a large Sikh army, and Occupied Gujranwala, establishing his independent State. Mai Desan, gave birth to Sardar Mahan Singh Sukerchakia (d. 1792), who expanded his territories, and fought against the Chatha Jats, who he defeated. He married Mata Raj Kaur, the daughter of Rajah Gajpat Singh, a Sidhu Jatt, ruler of Jind Sikh State, in about 1777, who later gave birth to Maharajah Ranjit Singh Sher-e-Panjab in 1780, in Gujranwala Haveli (Mansion), the biggest and tallest building in Gujranwala and fortified, at that time, where the great Sikh Chieftains lived. From 1792-1801, Gujranwala remained the capital of Ranjit Singh, until he captured Lahore in 1799, from Sardar Chet Singh Bhangi, a weak Sikh Chieftain of Lahore. Sardar Hari Singh Nalua (1791-1837), was also born in Gujranwala, to Sardar Gurdial Singh, and Mata Dharam Kaur, a Uppal Khatri, who was also the commander and general of the Sikh army during the Sikh times, family was originally from Amritsar. He has been credited for having rebuilt the present city of Gujranwala.

Ranjit Singh, brought all the independent Muslim states of Gujranwala, under his rule. During the later Sikh rule, the Hindu's of Gujranwala, played a great role, in those days. Maharajah Ranjit Singh, having, great tolerance, built many Durgahs of Sufi Saints, such as Mastan Shah, near Gujranwala, according to the local legends of Gujranwalia's. Who is said to have met the maharajah during his childhood. He Visited Dhounkal village, near Wazirabad city, in Gujranwala, where the shrine of mystical Sakhi Sarwar stands.

It has been recorded that a small number of the total Sikh population, of Gujranwala district, were from Eastern Punjab, who started settling in Gujranwala, during the occupation of the area, by the Sikh chief, Charat Singh. Sardar Jhanda Singh, also in between 1760-1799, migrated to Gujranwala, where he established his own Authority, and later founded the village of Botala Jhanda Singh. Other Sikh Sardars such as the Maan Jatt Sikh Sardars of Mughal Chak, and the Waraich Jatt Sikh Sardars of Ruriala in Gujranwala, were also from Amritsar District. Most of the Lahore Sikh royal family members, were from mainly Gujranwala, Sialkot, and some from Amritsar district. There are hundreds of old Islamic Tombs, Forts, Canals, Villages, Gurdwaras, Temples, Mansions, old Villages, Mosques, Baradari's and city walls, which are in ruins, scattered throughout Gujranwala countryside.

The second Anglo Sikh Wars were fought in 1848-49, between the Sikh Empire and British East India Company. were fought at Ram Nagar, also in Gujranwala, where it was Sikh Victory. In 1847, the district had come under British influence. two year later it was under British rule in 1849.

In 1947, Gujranwala District, was awarded to Pakistan, because of Muslims being a majority forming about 75%, while the Sikhs were 10% and the Hindus were about 15%. Plunder, masses of Looting, Force Conversion, Genocide, destruction, and rioting took place in Gujranwala, during 1947, August time. It has been recorded that Sikhs, also protected their villages, in Gujranwala, along with the Hindus, and many died fighting, against the Muslim looters. All the Sikh and Hindu population, left for Eastern Punjab. While the Muhajir Muslims, from the Indian States of Haryana, Rajasthan, Uttar pradesh, Jammu & Kashmir, and Delhi, in en masse, migrated to Pakistan, a good number of them settled in the Gujranwala region. Today Gujranwala, has the largest population, along with other districts, The Tribes of Gujranwala, are mainly Jatts, Rajputs, and the Muhajirs.


The district is composed of 4 tehsils: 


Gujrat District

Gujrat District () is a district in the Punjab province of Pakistan. The city of Gujrat is the capital.

Gujrat District, had many Sikh Sardars, ruling villages, Islam was a majority, With 10% Sikhs and Hindus together in the District. Islam had a good influence over the Jatts of Gujrat District, 98% of Jatts them followed Islam, The People of this region are mainly Jatts, Rajputs, Gakhars, Balochi, Pathans, etc. 

The district is composed of 3 tehsils: 


Hafizabad District

Hafizabad District () is a district in the Punjab province of Pakistan. The city of Hafizabad is the capital.


Jhang District

Jhang District () is a district in the Punjab province of Pakistan. The city of Jhang is the capital.

The district of Jhang is administratively subdivided into 3 tehsils, these are:


Jhelum District

Jhelum District () is in the Punjab province of Pakistan. According the 1998 census, the district had 936,957 people, of which 31.48% were urban. Jhelum is known for providing many soldiers to the British and later to the Pakistan armed forces due to which it is also known as city of soldiers or land of martyrs and warriors. The district of Jhelum stretches from the Jhelum River almost to the Indus. Salt is quarried at the Mayo mine in the Salt Range. There are two coal-mines, the only ones worked in the province, from which the North-Western railway gets some of coal. The chief centre of the salt trade is Pind Dadan Khan. The district is crossed by the main line of the North-Western railway, and also traversed along the south by a branch line. It is in the north of the Punjab province, Jhelum district is bordered by Sargodha to its south, Gujrat and the Jhelum River to its south and east, Chakwal to its west, Mirpur to its east, and Rawalpindi to its north.

The district of Jhelum, which covers an area of 3,587 km, is administratively divided into four tehsils: Jhelum, Sohawa, Pind Dadan Khan and Dina, - which are divided into 53 Union Councils. It also contains the city of Jhelum.

According to census 2017 total population of District Jhelum is 1222650 . In Total population males are 601964 , female are 620636 and Transgender are 50 . Average annual growth rate is 1.41 from 1998 to 2017.

According to the 1998 census of Pakistan, 936,957 people lived in Jhelum District. There were 261 people per square kilometre. According the Punjab Education Department's annual literacy statistics for 2006, Jhelum had a literacy rate of 79% which is among the highest in Pakistan. Human Development Index of Jhelum is 0.770, which highest in Pakistan after Karachi.

People of Jhelum District speak Punjabi. The written language is Urdu. Many also speak Pothwari.
The climate of the tract is extreme. In winter it is very cold and summer is very hot. The average rainfall varies from 48 to 69 mm each year.





Kasur District

Kasur District () is a district in the Punjab province of Pakistan. The city of Kasur is the capital.


Khanewal District

Khanewal District () is a district in the Punjab province of Pakistan. The city of Khanewal is the capital.

The District is headed by a powering authority named as District Coordination Officer.Dco handles all developments and problem issues in whole District.EDO's work under DCO to cooperate in operations which are going on in District.


Khushab District

Khushab District () is a district in the Punjab province of Pakistan. The city of Khushab is the capital.


Lahore District

Lahore District () is a district in the Punjab province of Pakistan. The city of Lahore is the capital.

Layyah District

Layyah District () is a district in the Punjab province of Pakistan. The city of Layyah is the capital. 

Layyah District shares borders with the districts of Bhakkar (north), Muzaffargarh (south), Jhang (east) and D.G. Khan (west). The District is of semi rectangular shape and has sandy land. The total area of the district is 6291 km. It is 88 km from east to west & 75 km from north to south. It is made up of the three tehsils of:


Layyah District has an extremely hot climate. The temperature in winter is low because it is near the Koh-Suleman mountains. The tehsil Chaubara is almost barren and is made up of forest and sand dunes. The tehsil of Layyah and Karor Lal Esan are better developed agriculturally but they have also large areas of sand dunes and uncultivated land. The river Indus passes from north to south on western side of the district and touches D.G. Khan.


Lodhran District

Lodhran District () is a district in the Punjab province of Pakistan. The city of Lodhran is the capital.


Mandi Bahauddin District

Mandi Bahauddin District () is a district in the Punjab province of Pakistan. The city of Mandi Bahauddin is the capital.

The district has three tehsils, these are:


Mianwali District

Mianwali District () is a district in the Punjab province of Pakistan. The city of Mianwali is the capital.


Multan District

Multan District () is a district in the Punjab province of Pakistan. According to the 1998 census of Pakistan it had a population of 3.117 million (1.315 million or 42.2% in urban areas). Its capital is the city of Multan.


Muzaffargarh District

Muzaffargarh District () is a district in the Punjab province of Pakistan. The city of Muzaffargarh is the capital.

The district Muzaffargarh is divided in to five administrative tehsils.

Nankana Sahib District

Nankana Sahib District or Khairpur Bhattian () is a district in the Punjab province of Pakistan. The city of Nankana Sahib is the capital.

Nankana Sahib District is administratively subdivided into four tehsils:


Narowal District

Narowal District () is a district in the Punjab province of Pakistan. The city of Narowal is the capital. The Darhab dialect of the Punjabi language is spoken in this very district and the surrounding areas.


The district is bounded on the northwest by Sialkot District, on the north by Indian Kashmir, on the east by Gurdaspur District (Republic of India) which contains the Pathankot Tehsil contiguous to Pakistan; and internationalised on the south by Amritsar District (Republic of India) and Sheikhupura District to the south-west.

Okara District

Okara District () is a district in the Punjab province of Pakistan. The city of Okara is the capital.


Taito

The Taito Corporation is an innovator of coin operated video games. Taito was founded in 1953 to import peanuts and vodka to Japan. They also made vending machines for the vodka and peanuts. The next year (1954), Taito began making jukeboxes and other amusement machines. These machines were designed by other companies but in 1956 Taito designed and produced Japans first jukebox. Taito started to buy, sell, and lease pinball machines in 1956. Taito became the manufacturer of Seeburg corporation (USA) jukeboxes in 1962. Taito produced Japans first crane-type coin operated machine in 1965. The Japanese Ministry of International Trade and Industry gave Taito a commendation prize for enterprise in 1970. In 1973 Taito made Pro Hockey and Soccer video games as well as Elepong. Elepong was the first Japanese designed coin operated game. Taito are most famous for making Space Invaders in 1978. Taito says "Space Invaders was a worldwide phenomenon". Taito has been one of the leading makers of coin operated video games in the world for more than thirty years.




Pakpattan District

Pakpattan District () is a district in the Punjab province of Pakistan. The city of Pakpattan is the capital.


Rahim Yar Khan District

Rahimyar Khan District () is a district in the Punjab province of Pakistan. The city of Rahimyar Khan is the capital.


Space Invaders

Space Invaders is a video game made by the Taito Corporation. "Space Invaders" is one of the most famous early video games. The game is about defending the Earth from Space Invaders (aliens) by shooting them down before they can land. There have been seven versions of "Space Invaders" made by the Taito Corporation. "Space Invaders" was designed by the Taito Corporations man in charge of the game making department, Toshihiro Nishikado. Nishikado was inspired to make the game after watching "Star Wars" and "War of the Worlds". At first "Space Invaders" was a coin-operated machine but has been made available for almost every games console and home computer. Before making "Space Invaders", Nishikado worked on games called "Soccer" and "Interceptor". He says the hardest part of making a video game is designing the computer inside it. Taito describes "Space Invaders" as "an international phenomenon".



Rajanpur District

Rajanpur District () is a district in the Punjab province of Pakistan. The city of Rajanpur is the capital.


Rawalpindi District

Rawalpindi District () is a district in the Punjab province of Pakistan. The city of Rawalpindi is the capital. The district is divided into seven tehsils, these are:

In 1901 Punjab Census, the Sikhs numbered 26,363, Hindus 57,325, and the Muslims being 466,918 83%. But between 1901 and 1931, there was a large number of Hindus converting to Sikhism. By 1947, there would have been more than 100,000 Sikhs In this district, and also the population growing.

Sahiwal District

Sahiwal District () is a district in the Punjab province of Pakistan. The city of Sahiwal is the capital.

Sahiwal is on GT Road. It is 167 km from Lahore.


Sargodha District

Sargodha District () is a district in the Punjab province of Pakistan. The city of Sargodha is the capital.


Sialkot District

Sialkot District () is a district in the Punjab province of Pakistan. The city of Sialkot is the 

It is recorded that Masses of Jatts of Sialkot district, converted to Islam, under Daud Bandagi Kirmani (1513-1575), of Shergarh during the reign of Emperor Akbar between, 1556-1605. The Clans that converted included Sandhu, Ghumman, Bajwa, Virk, Maan, Cheema, Basra, Kahlon, Goraya, Sahi, Hanjra, Dehothar.


Toba Tek Singh District

Toba Tek Singh District () is a district in the Punjab province of Pakistan. The city of Toba Tek Singh is the capital.


Vehari District

Vehari District () is a district in the Punjab province of Pakistan. The city of Vehari is the capital.


Attock

Attock is a city in Pakistan. It is in the Punjab province and is the capital of Attock District. The city was founded during the British period and it was originally named Campbellpur after its British governor Sir Colin Campbell however the name was changed to Attock after the independence of Pakistan from British rule in 1947.

Bahawalnagar

Bahawalnagar is a city in Pakistan. It is in the Punjab province. It is the capital of Bahawalnagar District. It is located near the India–Pakistan border.

Bahawalpur

Bahawalpur is a city in Pakistan. It is in the Punjab province and is the capital of Bahawalpur District.

Bhakkar

Bhakkar (, Seraiki: بھکر) is the capital city of Bhakkar District, Punjab, Pakistan. It is located at 31°37'60N 71°4'0E at an elevation of 159 metres and lies on the left bank of the Indus river. It has a population of almost 300,000 people and was given district status in 1981. It is also the capital of the tehsil of the same name (Bhakkar Tehsil).

Chakwal

Chakwal is a city in Pakistan. It is in the Punjab province and is the capital of Chakwal District.

Dera Ghazi Khan

Dera Ghazi Khan is a city in Pakistan. It is in the Punjab province and is the capital of Dera Ghazi Khan District.

Faisalabad

Faisalabad, formerly known as Lyallpur, is the third largest metropolis in Pakistan. It is in the Punjab province and is the capital of Faisalabad District. The city is an important centre of trade and industry.


Union councils of Pakistan

A Union Council or Village Council in Pakistan is an elected local government body that has 21 councillors. They are elected by the people. Each Union Council is headed by a Nazim, which is similar to a mayor, and a Naib Nazim (similar to a deputy mayor).

Union Councils are the fifth level (the lowest level) of government in Pakistan. Union Councils are often known as Village Councils in rural areas, esp. in KP during the PTI Government provincial reforms.
The area represented by a Village Council usually comprises a large village and surrounding areas, often including nearby smaller villages. The term "Union Council" may be used for areas that are part of cities.

Each Union Council is governed by a Union Nazim (similar to a mayor), each union council has 13 elected members known as councillors. As well as four male and two female members elected directly, there are two male and two female representatives of the labour, a minority member, a Nazim and his deputy known as Naib Nazim.

Also as well as the elected members, there are several government employees and functionaries in every union council, who report to the Secretary of the Union Council. The last one is a civil servant appointed by the state.

The territory of a Union Council or Village Council is usually part of a tehsil, (a tehsil is a district subdivision). Less commonly, a Union Council may be part of a City District.

Shown below is a simplified structure of the political hierarchy.

Seer Gharbi

Seer Gharbi is one of the 51 Union Councils of Abbottabad District in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of the country of Pakistan. It is in the southeastern part of the province, bordering the Rawalpindi District of Punjab province.

Seer Gharbi means "Western Seer". This is because there are two towns called "Seer" and are very near to each other. The other Seer is known as "Seer Sharqi", which means "Eastern Seer".

On October 8, 2005, Seer Gharbi, like much of Abbottabad District, was affected by an earthquake. However the number of people killed or injured was low, the damage was largely to buildings and damage to water supplies.

The Union Council of Seer Gharbi is subdivided into three areas: Basbher, Malmola and Seer Gharbi.

Tranmere Rovers F.C.

Tranmere Rovers Football Club is an English football club. They were a member of The Football League until 2015, when they were relegated to the Football Conference. They returned to the football league in 2018. Their main rivals are Chester, Wrexham, Bolton and Oldham.


Corumbá

Corumbá is a Brazilian city of the state of Mato Grosso do Sul. It has about 120,000 inhabitants and an area of 64.960,86 km².

Christopher Lee

Sir Christopher Frank Carandini Lee CBE, CStJ (27 May 1922 7 June 2015) was an English actor. He was a direct descendent of the Italian aristocrat Marie Carandini.

Lee was best known for his many movie characters. For example, Dracula and Fu Manchu in many movies during the 1950s through the 1970s. He became even better known as Scaramanga in the Bond movie "The Man with the Golden Gun", Saruman the White in "The Lord of the Rings" trilogy and Count Dooku in "".

He performed roles in 275 movies since 1948. He appeared in over 75 television programs. Lee was also a voice actor, providing his voice in over 50 movies. This made him the Guinness World Record holder for most movie acting roles ever. Lee was also a singer and his latest album was released in 2013.

Lee lived in London. He was married to Danish model Birgit Kroencke.

Lee was born in Belgravia, London, England, on 27 May 1922. He and his older sister Xandra were raised by Estelle Marie and Geoffrey Trollope until their divorce in 1926. Trollope was a professional soldier. Later, while Lee was still a child, his mother married (and later divorced) Harcourt George "Ingle" St. Croix, a banker. Lee studied at Wellington College from age 14 to 17. After this, he worked as an office clerk in a couple of London shipping companies. In 1941, he enlisted in the RAF during World War II. 

After military service, Lee joined the Rank Organisation in 1947. He trained as an actor in their "Charm School". He played many small parts in movies, for example, "Corridor of Mirrors" (1948). He had a small part in Laurence Olivier's "Hamlet" (1948). Peter Cushing was also in this movie. Lee and Cushing also both acted in "Moulin Rouge" (1952) but did not meet until later when they did horror movies together. They are well known for working together in horror movies.

Lee had many parts in movies and television during the 1950s. He did not become famous until he started working with Hammer Film Productions. With Hammer Films, he acted in "The Curse of Frankenstein" (1957), "Dracula" (1958), "The Mummy" (1959), and "The Hound of the Baskervilles" (1959). All of these movies also starred Cushing. Lee continued his role as "Dracula" in many Hammer sequels during the 1960s and early 1970s. During this time, he acted many times as Fu Manchu. The most notable was in the first of the series "The Face of Fu Manchu" (1965). He also acted in many movies in Europe. With his own production company, Charlemagne Productions, Ltd., Lee made "Nothing But the Night" (1972) and "To the Devil a Daughter" (1976). By the mid-1970s, Lee wanted to stop making horror movies. He acted in several mainstream movies, for example "The Private Life of Sherlock Holmes" (1970), "The Three Musketeers" (1973), "The Four Musketeers" (1974), and the James Bond movie "The Man with the Golden Gun" (1974).

Because these movies were very well liked, he chose to move to Hollywood in the mid-1970s. He was a busy actor but most of the work he did for movies and television was not very notable. Because of this, he decided moved back to England. Lee's career became very notable again in the early 2000s. His acting in "The Lord of the Rings" movie trilogy (2001–2003) (as Saruman the White) and "" (2002) (as Count Dooku) caused this. Lee is the only member of the cast of "The Lord of the Rings" trilogy who met author J.R.R. Tolkien.

Lee died at the Chelsea and Westminster Hospital on 7 June 2015 at 8:30 am after being admitted for respiratory problems and heart failure, shortly after celebrating his 93rd birthday there. His wife delayed the public announcement until 11 June, in order to break the news to their family.

In 2001, he was made a Commander of the Order of the British Empire for his contributions to the movie and television industries. He was knighted for services to drama and charity in 2009. He received the BAFTA Fellowship in 2011.


Liv Tyler

Liv Tyler (born July 1, 1977) is an American actress and former model. She is best known for her roles of Grace Stamper in "Armageddon" and Arwen in "The Lord of the Rings" movie trilogy. She is the daughter of Aerosmith's singer, Steven Tyler.

Tyler was born Liv Rundgren at Mount Sinai Hospital in Manhattan, New York City, New York. She is the first born daughter of Bebe Buell, a model, singer, and was the Playboy Playmate of the month Miss November 1974, and Steven Tyler, the lead singer of Aerosmith. Her maternal grandmother, Dorothea Johnson, founded the Protocol School of Washington. Her mother named her after Norwegian actress Liv Ullmann. At birth, Bebe Buell claimed that rock star Todd Rundgren was Tyler's biological father. Tyler spent most of her childhood living with that understanding, only finding her true parentage at age nine, after meeting Steven Tyler at a Rundgren concert in Boston. Also, when Tyler was growing up, Steven Tyler started coming to visit. Then at another meeting in 1988, seeing that Steven Tyler's other daughter, Mia, looked very similar to herself, she asked her mother. The truth about Tyler's paternity did not become public until 1991, when she changed her name from Rundgren to Tyler, but kept the old one as a middle name. Buell's reason for the decision was that Steven Tyler was too heavily addicted to drugs at that time. Since knowing the truth about her paternity, Liv and Steven Tyler have had a close relationship. They have even made their careers intertwine when Liv performed in Aerosmith's video "Crazy" and when Aerosmith wrote and performed many of the songs in Liv's movie "Armageddon".

Tyler went to the Congressional School of Virginia, Breakwater Elementary and Wayneflete schools (in Portland, Maine) before returning to New York City with her mother at the age of twelve. She went to York Prep in NYC for Junior High and High School, graduating in 1995. One month later Tyler set off for Italy, to star in "Stealing Beauty".


Dourados

Dourados is a Brazilian city of the state of Mato Grosso do Sul. It has about 200,000 inhabitants and an area of .

Carlo Gesualdo

Carlo Gesualdo, known as Gesualdo da Venosa (born probably 8 March 1566; died 8 September 1613), Prince of Venosa and Count of Conza, was an Italian music composer, lutenist and murderer. He lived in the late part of the Renaissance period. He is famous for his beautifully expressive madrigals which are written in a very chromatic style (using lots of sharps and flats). He is also remembered for committing a horrible murder.

Gesualdo came from an aristocratic family. He was probably born at Venosa, but we know hardly anything about his early life. We know that he was extremely interested in music when he was small and showed very little interest in anything else. He played the lute, harpsichord and guitar.

In 1586 Gesualdo married his first cousin, Donna Maria d'Avalos, the daughter of the Marquis of Pescara. Two years later she began to have a love affair with Fabrizio Carafa, the Duke of Andria. For two years her husband knew nothing about her love affair. Then one day he returned unexpectedly to his palace (he may have suspected that something was happening) and found them making love. He murdered them both in their bed. He then left their bodies in front of the palace for everyone to see. In those days in Italy a nobleman could not be arrested and punished. However, someone might have wanted to kill him in revenge, so he ran away to the town of Gesualdo where he had a castle.

A lot of people heard about the murders. Famous poets such as Tasso wrote poems about it. Nothing was done to arrest Gesualdo, however. Some people at the time said that he also murdered one of Maria’s babies because he thought he might not have been the father. Other people even said that he murdered his father-in-law when he came wanting to kill him in revenge, but we do not know whether this was true.

In 1594 Gesualdo went to the town of Ferrara which was famous for music which was being composed by modern composers experimenting with new ideas. He spent two years there and composed his first book of madrigals. There he married another woman who was a niece of Duke Alfonso II d’Este. The couple moved back to Gesualdo in 1597.

After returning to his castle at Gesualdo from Ferrara in 1597, he tried to make the town famous for music. He invited some of Italy’s most famous musicians to come and work for him. Since he was very rich he could afford to do this. However, the music making only took place in his castle (printing with Giovanni Giacomo Carlino). Gesualdo spent the last years of his life doing nothing except music. He hardly ever left his castle. 

Gesualdo’s new marriage was not a happy one. His wife said he was cruel and she tried to divorce him. She spent a lot of time away from the castle and wrote him angry letters.

Late in life he suffered from depression and madness. We do not know whether this was because he felt bad about being a murderer, but he probably did feel guilty. He often made his servants hit him. He also wrote very strange letters to a cardinal asking him to send him some of his dead uncle’s skeleton because he thought these remains would make him better.

Gesualdo died alone at his castle. The chapel where he was buried was destroyed by an earthquake in 1688. There is still a burial plaque in the rebuilt church.

We think it is likely that Gesualdo felt terribly guilt all his life about the murders he had committed, and these guilty feelings can be heard in his music. The words of his madrigals are often very emotional: they are about "love", "pain", "death", "ecstasy", "agony". Of course, other madrigal composers used such words, but Gesualdo’s music is really extreme. It is often wildly chromatic. Other composers did not copy his style.

He wrote both sacred (religious) and secular (non-religious) songs, and some music for instruments. His most famous compositions are his six published books of madrigals (between 1594 and 1611), as well as his "Tenebrae Responsories", which are very much like madrigals, except that they use texts from the Passion story about Christ’s death on the cross.

Nanny (disambiguation)


The Nanny may mean:

AdventureQuest

AdventureQuest is an RPG (role-playing game) made by Artix Entertainment.



Conflict

A conflict is a struggle between people which may be physical, or between conflicting ideas. The word comes from Latin "conflingere" Conflingere means "to come together for a battle". Conflicts can either be within one person, or they can involve several people or groups. Conflicts arise because there are needs, values or ideas that are seen to be different, and there is no means to reconcile the dispute. 

Very often, conflicts lead to fights, or even wars (in the case where conflicts are solved with weapons). Conflict between ideas is usually fought with propaganda.


Constructed script

A constructed script (also artificial script, neography, and conscript for short) is a kind of writing system. It is a writing system that is specifically created by an individual or group, and is not like an evolved natural script. In contrast, natural scripts evolve and grow as part of a natural language or culture.

Some constructed scripts are made to be used for constructed languages. Other constructed scripts are used in linguistic experimentation or for other more practical uses in existing languages.

An Inspector Calls

An Inspector Calls is a play written in 1945 by the British playwright J. B. Priestley, but set in 1912. Its socialist views ran against the capitalist views of many theatres visitors. It was first performed in 1946 in two Moscow theatres. It was then first produced in London at the New Theatre on 1 October 1946. 

The play shows the way in which people are all connected, and reflects Priestley's socialist views while outlining the problems he saw with capitalism. The main themes in the play are an equitable (fair) society, responsibility and love.


J. B. Priestley uses dramatic devices and dramatic irony to signal characters and introduce the inspector. For example, the house is pink and intimate while they are celebrating the engagement, but when the sharp ring of a door bell is heard, the lighting changes to a brighter and harder colour. Some believe that it represents an interrogation room due to the bright lights that are shining on the Birlings as the inspector comes in and picks the story out of them bit by bit. Dramatic irony is used throughout the play to create prejudice between Mr. Birling and the audience. 


Justice and Equality Movement

The Justice and Equality Movement (JEM) is a rebel group involved in the Darfur conflict of Sudan. It is led by Khalil Ibrahim. Together with other rebel groups such as the Sudan Liberation Army, they are fighting against the government-supported Janjaweed militia. The JEM is also a member of the Eastern Front, a rebel coalition. After the Eastern Front signed a peace deal with the central government, the JEM lost access to its funding from Eritrea.

The JEM traces its foundation to the writers of the "", a manuscript published in 2000 that shows some problems. JEM has an Islamist ideology, and the government links the group to Hassan al-Turabi, although leaders of the group and Turabi himself deny the claim. However, al-Turabi blames the government for making the situation worse". 

On January 20, 2006, the group merged with the Sudan Liberation Movement, along with other rebel groups, to form the Alliance of Revolutionary Forces of West Sudan. However, the JEM and SLM negotiated as separate groups with peace talks with the government in May 2006.

In October of 2007, the JEM attacked an oilfield in the Kordofan region of Sudan. This olified is controlled by a Chinese consortium. The next month, a group of 135 Chinese engineers arrived in Darfur to work on this field. Ibrahim told reporters, "We oppose them coming because the Chinese are not interested in human rights. It is just interested in Sudan's resources." The JEM claims that the revenue from oil sold to China funds the Sudanese government and the Janjaweed militia.

On the morning of December 11th, 2007, Khalil Ibrahim claimed that JEM forces fought and defeated Sudanese government troops guarding a Chinese-run oilfield in the Kordofan region. Khartoum officials, however, denied that any oil fields had come under attack. Ibrahim said that the attack was part of a JEM campaign to rid Sudan of Chinese-run oilfields and stated that "[The JEM] want all Chinese companies to leave. They have been warned many times. They should not be there."


Holden (disambiguation)

Holden is the name of an Australian brand of automobile. Holden can also mean:




There are also:




Languages constructed by J. R. R. Tolkien

This article is about the constructed languages of J. R. R. Tolkien, used in his Middle-earth universe.

J. R. R. Tolkien was a philologist, and he was interested in language since he was a child. He invented several languages, which he then used in his Middle-earth writings. Aside from the external history, most of his languages have also an invented "internal history". The internal history means how the languages evolved and were used inside the fictional story by the fictional people who spoke them. 
Some of Tolkien's languages have a detailed grammar and vocabulary. Other languages are not very detailed, and some languages have only a few words and names. Quenya and Sindarin are the best and most developed languages, while others like Rohirric, Khuzdûl, or Black Speech, are not so developed.

Tolkien also created the Tengwar, Sarati, and Cirth scripts for his languages.

The Elvish languages or Eldarin languages are the languages of the Elves. At other times, Elvish languages were the common speech. Later the Elvish languages were also used by humans, especially by scientists and the nobility. The Eldarin languages can be divided into two groups: Quenya language and Telerin languages (which includes Telerin, Nandorin, and Sindarin).

Quenya is an Elvish language. It was spoken by the Vanyar and Noldor elves in Valinor. When the Noldor returned to Middle-earth in the First Age, they brought Quenya with them. But the native Sindarin became far more common in everyday speech. In the Second Age and especially in the Third Age, Quenya in Middle-earth was used more as a scientific and ritual language. Because of this Tolkien sometimes called Quenya the "Elf-Latin".

Telerin is an Elvish language. It was spoken by the Teleri elves. From Telerin developed several new languages and dialects, for example Sindarin.

Sindarin is an Elvish language. It came from the Telerin language. It was spoken by the Sindar (or Grey Elves) in Middle-earth. It later became the most common elvish language spoken in Middle-earth.

Adûnaic is the language of the people of Númenor. After the Fall of Númenor, Adûnaic was not often used anymore. From Adûnaic and the native languages of the western coastlands of Middle-earth developed Westron.

Westron (Westron: "Adûni", Sindarin: "Annúnaid"), or the Common Speech (Westron: "Sôval Phârë"), is a language of Middle-earth. It comes from Adûnaic and the natives languages of Middle-earth. In the Third Age, Westron is used as the common language, spoken by most peoples.
In the books, the text written in English is meant to be Westron most of the time.

Rohirric (also Rohirian or Rohanese) is the language of the Rohirrim of Rohan. In the books, Rohirric text and names are always represented by Old English. This is made because Rohirric should feel older but similar to the hobbit's Westron, and they are in the books represented by Old English and Modern English.

Khuzdûl is the language of the Dwarves. The dwarves keep much of what they do a secret, and they also do this with their language. Because of this, only a few place-names and phrases are known from Khuzdûl. Dwarves have never told other (non-dwarven) people their Khuzdûl names. Instead, they use other names when talking to the other peoples of Middle-earth. The dwarven "nicknames" that appear in the books are all taken from Norse mythology. 
Besides the spoken language, called "aglab", Khuzdûl had the "iglishmek", which was a sign language.

Entish is the language of the Ents. The language is, like the Ents themselves, very "unhasty": it takes a lot of time to say something. The language uses very long descriptions and many repetitions. Because it is so complicated and takes so much time, nobody but the Ents use or understand this language.

Valarin was the language spoken by the Ainur.

Black Speech is the language of Sauron. The language was created by him and used by his followers. The inscription on the One Ring was Black Speech, written in Tengwar. Aside from the Ring-inscription, there are several names and words of Black Speech known.


Lope de Vega

Lope de Vega (also Félix Lope de Vega y Carpio or Lope Félix de Vega Carpio) (25 November 1562 – 27 August 1635) was a Spanish Baroque playwright and poet. His reputation in the world of Spanish letters is second only to that of Cervantes, while the sheer volume of his literary output is unequalled: 
he is estimated to have written between 1,500 and 2,500 fully-fledged plays – of which some 425 have survived until the modern day – together with a plethora of shorter dramatic and poetic works.

He was ""The Phoenix of Wits"" and ""Monster of Nature"" by Miguel de Cervantes because he did so much work. Lope de Vega renewed the Spanish theatre when people were becoming interested in it. Along with Calderón de la Barca and Tirso de Molina, he improved Spanish theater. He is considered a great dramatist and his plays are often performed. He is also one of the famous Spanish poets and authors.

Lope de Vega was born in Madrid to a non-notable family, who came to the capital from Valle de Carriedo in Cantabria recently. Félix de Vega, the bread winner of the family, was an embroiderer.

Pedro Calderòn de la Barca

Pedro Calderón de la Barca y Henao (January 17, 1600 – May 25, 1681), was a dramatist of the Spanish Golden Age.

Calderón was born in Madrid. His mother, who was of Flemish descent, died in 1610; his father, who was secretary to the treasury, died in 1615. Calderón was educated at the Jesuit College in Madrid, the Colegio Imperial, with a view to taking orders; but instead, he studied law at Salamanca.


Chemical vapor deposition

Chemical vapor deposition is a method of putting a thin layer of materials on to a surface using very low heat. It is specially useful for coating thin glass with metal without damaging the glass, using such a thin layer of metal that the glass can be seen through. This technology was invented by the Head of the Chemistry Department of Harvard University, Professor Roy Gordon, in the 1970s and perfected by his team during the 1980s. Chemical vapor deposition has a vast range of uses. Hip replacement joints are coated using chemical vapor deposition to make them lighter, stronger, and longer lasting. TFT displays (flat screen televisions and computer monitors) are made using chemical vapor deposition. This technology is also used to prevent double glazing windows and supermarket freezers from steaming up. Chemical vapor deposition can be used to create synthetic diamonds.


States of Sudan

Below is a list of the 18 states of Sudan (Arabic names are in parentheses). Before 9 July 2011, Sudan had 25 states. The ten southern states now form the independent country of South Sudan. Two more states were created in 2012 within the Darfur region, and one in 2013 in Kordofan, bringing the total to 18. Transliterations from Arabic to English may vary; in particular, the article "al" is sometimes transliterated as "el". Numbers correspond to those of the map at right.


In addition to the states, there are also regional administrative bodies established by peace agreements between the central government and rebel groups:

Anglo-Egyptian Sudan had eight "mudiriyat", or provinces, which were ambiguous when created but became well defined by the beginning of the Second World War. The eight provinces were: Blue Nile, Darfur, Equatoria, Kassala, Khartoum, Kurdufan, Northern, and Upper Nile. In 1948 Bahr al Ghazal split from Equatoria. 

There were numerous new provinces created on 1 July 1973. North and South Darfur were created from Darfur, while Kurdufan divided into North and South Kurdufan. Al Jazirah and White Nile were split off from Blue Nile. River Nile split off from Northern. Red Sea was split off from Kassala.

A further fracturing of provinces occurred in 1976. Lakes split from Bahr al Ghazal, and Jonglei split off from Upper Nile. Equatoria divided into East and West Equatoria. There were thus eighteen provinces. In 1991, the government reorganized the administrative regions into nine federal states, matching the nine provinces that had existed from 1948 to 1973. On 14 February 1994, the government reorganized yet again, creating twenty-six "wilayat" (states). The majority of the wilayat were either the old provinces or administrative subregions of a province. As part of the new government structure in South Sudan in 2005, Bahr al Jabal was renamed Central Equatoria. In 2006, West Kurdufan was split and merged with North Kurdufan and South Kurdufan.

In 2011, the ten southern states became the independent Republic of South Sudan.

WrestleMania XXIV

WrestleMania XXIV was the twenty-fourth yearly WrestleMania professional wrestling pay-per-view event made by World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE). It took place on March 30, 2008 at the Citrus Bowl in Orlando, Florida. It was the first WrestleMania to be held in the state of Florida, and the second WrestleMania to be held outdoors the whole time, the other being WrestleMania IX. The official theme songs were ""Light It Up"" by Rev Theory and ""Snow ((Hey Oh))"" by the Red Hot Chili Peppers. The tagline was ""The Biggest WrestleMania Under the Sun"."

Tickets went on sale to the public on November 3, 2007. For the second year in a row, WrestleMania broke the record for the highest-grossing pay-per-view in WWE history and for the Citrus Bowl, grossing in $5.85 million in ticket sales. The record-breaking Citrus Bowl attendance record of 74,635 consisting of people from twenty-one countries, all fifty states, and five Canadian provinces, pumped an estimated $30 million into the local economy. The Central Florida Sports Commission thought that the event created many jobs, and brought around 60,000 visitors to the city for the event. WWE and the city of Orlando hosted festivities that spanned a five-day period within the central Florida area, bringing many branding opportunities and television coverage, leading up to the event at the Citrus Bowl.

The event was a joint-promotion pay-per-view, having performers from the Raw, SmackDown, and ECW brands. The main match on the Raw brand was a Triple Threat match for the WWE Championship between Randy Orton, Triple H, and John Cena, which Orton won by pinning Cena. The main event and featured match on the SmackDown brand was Edge versus The Undertaker for the World Heavyweight Championship, which Undertaker won by forcing Edge to submit with the Gogoplata. The main match on the ECW brand was Chavo Guerrero against Kane for the ECW Championship, which Kane won by pinfall after performing a chokeslam. Main matches on the undercard included Floyd Mayweather, Jr. versus The Big Show in a No Disqualification match,<ref name="Mayweather/Show"></ref> an interpromotional Money in the Bank ladder match, and Ric Flair versus Shawn Michaels.

The main feud heading into WrestleMania on the Raw brand was between Randy Orton, John Cena, and Triple H, with the three feuding over the WWE Championship. At the Royal Rumble in January, John Cena won the Royal Rumble match by last eliminating Triple H to become the number one contender to the WWE Championship at WrestleMania XXIV. Instead of challenging Randy Orton for the title at WrestleMania, he wanted to challenge him at No Way Out, the next pay-per-view. At No Way Out, Orton got himself intentionally disqualified by slapping the referee, thus keeping the WWE Championship. Also at No Way Out, Triple H became the new number one contender to the WWE Championship at WrestleMania by winning against five other men in an Elimination Chamber match. The night after on "Raw", after Cena argued that he should have another WWE Championship match, Raw General Manager William Regal said that Cena would face Orton later in the night with the stipulation being if Cena won, he would be added to the WrestleMania match between Triple H and Orton, making it a Triple Threat match. If Orton won, however, the main event would stay as Orton versus Triple H. Cena won the match, pinning Orton after executing an FU. After the match, Triple H, who was the Special Guest referee, executed a Pedigree to both Cena and Orton.

The common feud on the SmackDown brand was between Edge and The Undertaker, with the two battling over the World Heavyweight Championship. On the February 29 version of "SmackDown", Assistant General Manager Theodore Long said that at No Way Out, an Elimination Chamber match would be held to find out who was the number one contender to the World Heavyweight Championship at WrestleMania. Undertaker won the match, last eliminating Batista after executing a Tombstone piledriver.

At No Way Out, The Big Show made a surprise return to the company. In his return promo, Big Show threatened to give Rey Mysterio a Chokeslam. Professional boxer Floyd Mayweather, Jr., who was in attendance and a close friend of Mysterio's, came to his aid and confronted Big Show. Big Show then got on his knees to allow Mayweather to punch him, which Mayweather did, by hitting him with many different punches, which caused Big Show to bleed from the nose and mouth. The next night on "Raw", the Big Show challenged Mayweather to a match, which Mayweather accepted.
On the February 25, 2008 edition of "Raw", 2008 WWE Hall of Fame Inductee Ric Flair challenged Shawn Michaels to a match at WrestleMania, which the latter accepted after some reluctance, knowing that Flair's career will be on the line. Flair also said that "it would be an honor for him to retire at the hands of Shawn Michaels."

Also, on the February 25, 2008 edition of "Raw", the General Manager William Regal was "sent a letter" by the SmackDown General Manager Vickie Guerrero, issuing a challenge to him for an interpromotional "Raw vs. SmackDown" match at WrestleMania XXIV, with each brand choosing one superstar to represent it. Regal accepted and chose Umaga to represent Raw at WrestleMania XXIV. On the February 29 version of "SmackDown", Batista was chosen as the SmackDown representative by Vickie Guerrero against Umaga at WrestleMania XXIV.

On February 18, 2008 WWE said using its website that the fourth annual Money in the Bank ladder match would take place at WrestleMania XXIV, with superstars competing from Raw, SmackDown and ECW. The winner will get a contract to challenge for any of the three WWE World Championships (the WWE Championship of Raw, the World Heavyweight Championship of SmackDown, or the ECW Championship) at any time and any place over a one-year period. Qualifying matches were done to find out who were the participants in the match. Jeff Hardy was at first supposed to be a part of the Money in the Bank ladder match, but was excluded from the event due to his suspension. WWE decided not to fill his spot with another superstar, making this year's Money in the Bank ladder match the first year to only have 7 participants.

On the March 11, 2008 version of "ECW", ECW General Manager Armando Estrada announced a twenty-four-man battle royal at WrestleMania XXIV with the winner going on to face ECW Champion Chavo Guerrero for the ECW Championship following the battle royal. The first announced participant was The Great Khali. WrestleMania XXIV marks the first WrestleMania in which the ECW Championship will be defended. Big Daddy V was at first scheduled to take part in this match, but was removed for unknown reasons. Stevie Richards would also replace Matt Striker, for unknown reasons as well.


Before the show was first shown live on pay-per-view, Kane won a 24-man Interpromotional Battle Royal to win an ECW Championship match against Chavo Guerrero later that night. The event officially began with John Legend singing a rendition of ""America the Beautiful"." The first match that was shown live on pay-per-view was a Belfast Brawl between Finlay and John "Bradshaw" Layfield. Finlay was accompanied to the ring by his returning "son" Hornswoggle, who was injured at the hands of JBL a few weeks ago on "Raw".

The next match of the evening was the fourth-yearly Money in the Bank ladder match, featuring Chris Jericho, Mr. Kennedy and Carlito from the Raw brand; CM Punk, Shelton Benjamin and John Morrison from the ECW brand; and Montel Vontavious Porter (MVP) from the SmackDown brand. The match featured many dangerous spots. Early in the match, Morrison climbed a turnbuckle and performed a moonsault on others outside while holding a ladder against his chest. Then, at one point, when Mr. Kennedy and Morrison were battling on top of a ladder, Benjamin climbed another ladder placed adjacent to the first one, and performed a flip powerbomb on Kennedy, who in turn superplexed Morrison from the top of the ladder. After sometime, Kennedy delivered his Green Bay Plunge to Punk onto a ladder. Later, Carlito and Kennedy flipped Benjamin off a ladder, sending him crashing through another ladder set-up between the barricade and the ring apron. Jericho also performed his Walls of Jericho on Morrison on top of a ladder. Kennedy delivered his Mic Check to Punk off a ladder. Quickly afterwards, Carlito hit the Backstabber to Jericho from a ladder. When MVP was close of finding the contract briefcase, Matt Hardy returned to action through the crowd, entered the ring and delivered the Twist of Fate to MVP off the ladder. As soon as Morrison started to climb a ladder, see-sawing with another ladder, Jericho flipped the other one and Morrison landed on the ring-ropes groin-first. In the end, Jericho and Punk fought each other on a ladder, but Punk trapped Jericho's one leg in the ladder's steps and himself retrieved the contract briefcase to win the match.

The next match which was billed as a "Battle for Brand Supremacy", was between SmackDown's Batista and Raw's Umaga. Early in the match, both Batista and Umaga exchanged blows and Batista threw Umaga outside with a shoulder block. Umaga later delivered a high-impact kick to Batista, which caused him to fall back-first outside the ring from the ring-apron. Hence, Umaga started targeting Batista's injured back. But in the end, when Umaga tried to go for a Samoan Spike, Batista countered the attempt and delivered a spinebuster to Umaga. Batista won the match by pinning Umaga after hitting him with his Batista Bomb. The fourth match for the event featured Chavo Guerrero defending his ECW Championship against Kane. Kane surprised Chavo by emerging from underneath the ring instead of from the entrance stage. In the second shortest match in WrestleMania history, Kane instantly pinned Chavo after a Chokeslam and won the ECW Championship in eight seconds.
Ric Flair put his career on the line next against Shawn Michaels. At the start of the match, both superstars engaged in a series of counters, and then Flair shoved Michaels in a corner, making "Old Yeller" comments to him. In retaliation, Michaels slapped Flair in the face, which caused him to start bleeding from the mouth. Later, Flair performed a crossbody onto Michaels from the top rope for a two count. Then, in a very dangerous spot, when Flair was on the outside, Michaels performed an Asai moonsault onto Flair, but missed and landed hard on the Raw announcers' table rib-first. With Flair later on outside the ring again, Michaels successfully attempted another moonsault from the top-rope onto Flair. Back in the ring, Michaels tried to go for his Sweet Chin Music, but stopped in the process and Flair capitalized by trapping him in his figure four leglock. Afterwards, Michaels finally delivered a Sweet Chin Music to Flair, but the latter kicked out to the pinfall attempt. Michaels then, trapped Flair in his modified figure four leglock, but Flair delivered a thumb to the eye to Michaels to break the submission. As Flair was delivering chops to Michaels, the latter hit a second Sweet Chin Music. After getting up on his feet with a worried face, Michaels said to Flair "I'm sorry, I love you", before nailing a final Sweet Chin Music and thus pinning Flair to end his 36-year long wrestling career. After the match, Michaels left quickly and Flair got a standing ovation from the crowd. An emotional Flair embraced his family at ringside and then, as he proceeded to go backstage, thanked the crowd for their support.

The sixth match was the Playboy BunnyMania Lumberjack match, in which Maria and Ashley faced Beth Phoenix and Melina, who were accompanied to the ring by Santino Marella. Snoop Dogg served as the official "Master of Ceremonies" for this match. Due to some technical difficulties, the lights at Citrus Bowl temporarily went out during the match. Near the end, a pin attempt by Maria was prevented when Santino pulled Maria's leg. In response, Raw commentator Jerry Lawler approached and knocked Marella down with a punch. With a Fisherman suplex, Phoenix pinned Maria to win the match. After the match, Snoop Dogg clotheslined Marella in the ring and kissed Maria, before leaving with her and Ashley.

Randy Orton defended his WWE Championship against Triple H and John Cena in a Triple Threat match next. For his entrance, Cena had a marching band perform an instrumental version of his theme song ""The Time Is Now"" live. During the match, when Triple H had held Orton in a sleeper hold, Cena picked up both Orton and Triple H for an FU, but Triple H dropped down and low blowed him. Orton dominated the match for some time. One hightlight of the match featured Orton performing a crossbody from the top rope on Cena, while the latter was held on Triple H's shoulders in an electric chair position. Also, Orton delivered a double elevated DDT from the second rope to both Cena and Triple H simultaneously. Orton then tried to RKO Cena, but he countered and threw Orton onto Triple H. Then, Triple H started targeting Orton's legs and using some submissions on him. The match's finish came when Triple H countered Cena's FU into a Pedigree, but when he covered Cena, Orton punted on Triple H's head and himself pinned Cena to retain his WWE Championship.

The next match was the No Disqualification match between The Big Show and Floyd Mayweather, Jr.. Early in the match, Mayweather repeatedly escaped Big Show's grasp and delivered body shots to him. Soon, Mayweather put a sleeper hold on Big Show, but the latter escaped out of it before passing out and stomped on Mayweather's hand. Mayweather and his accomplices tried to "walk out" of the match, but Big Show walked up the ramp and brought Mayweather back in the ring. As Big Show was about to chokeslam Mayweather, one of Mayweather's accomplices struck a steel chair on Big Show's back, and the latter chokeslammed him in retaliation. Capitalizing from this distraction, Mayweather grabbed that chair and hit Big Show multiple times on the head with it. Finally, Mayweather removed his right glove and put on a pair of brass knuckles to hit Big Show in the face. Thus, Big Show was knocked out as he could not answer the referee's ten count and Mayweather was declared the winner.

The main event and last match of the night was Edge putting his World Heavyweight Championship on the line against the number one contender The Undertaker.

As the second WrestleMania to be held outdoors the whole time, WWE chairman Vince McMahon early on said that the show will go on, no matter what the weather is. In the March 2008 issue of WWE Magazine, WWE set designer Jason Robinson revealed that a steel rig with a tarpaulin roof would be built above the ring itself to prevent rain. In that same issue, an initial design of the ring setup was revealed showing a bigger rig surrounding the tarpaulin rig, with lighting and two giant screens attached. The bigger rig was dropped from the final design with the lighting and video screens now featuring on the tarpaulin rig as well as the sound system. During an interview, WWE production manager Brian Petree mentioned that video reinforcement should prevent anyone from being obstructed by the steel structure. Up to seven generators were used to power up the show.

The set design for the entrance stage was at the north end of the stadium and consisted of another steel structure with various video screens hanging from it. The steel beams for the structure were custom built in Belgium and shipped over to Orlando. According to WWE Magazine, the amount of pyrotechnics used would be ten times that of the amount used on "Raw". Without the restriction of a roof, the pyrotechnics for the show shot as high as 2,000 ft as compared to WrestleMania 23's height of 150 ft. The fireworks were set off from boats on one of the lakes nearby the stadium. WWE has been said to have spent an estimated $300,000 on the fireworks alone. After the show, WWE was criticized for a malfunction in the pyrotechnics during The Undertaker's victory celebration. During the celebration, a hot cable for pyrotechnics was sent flying into audience members in the upper seating bowl of the stadium, leaving 45 injured with some hospitalized. The accident was apparently due to a cable which fireworks were travelling across snapping, thus resulting in the fireworks exploding into the top rows of the upper bowl of the stadium. WWE's corporate website released a statement afterwards stating that they will investigate the incident.

With the Citrus Bowl's locker rooms on the south side and the entrance set on the north side, a tented 40,000 ft² mini-city outside the north end served as the show's backstage area and included air conditioning, trailers, VIP areas, showers and restrooms. As a consequence, the road next to the north end zone, W. Church Street, was closed down until a day after the event. Numerous other roads were also closed to allow trucks and fork lifts to move in mega equipment for the event. The ring itself was built on the 50-yard line of the Citrus Bowl to give the best view for fans. Heavy-duty plastic flooring had been put over the field, to protect the turf, provide seating and serve as the steel structures' foundation.

Development on the set design began in the middle of 2007. The building of the actual set began in the middle of March. 100 people worked 16 hours a day to construct the set for the event. The construction finished on March 29.

WrestleMania XXIV was the first WrestleMania event to be filmed in high-definition. It will also be the first WWE show to be released on the Blu-ray Disc format by WWE Home Video.



Nazim

A Nazim is a person who is responsible for administration of cities, districts and the Union Councils of Pakistan. The job of a Nazim is similar to that of a mayor.

Dogon people

The Dogon are a group of people who live in Mali in West Africa. They live south of the River Niger near the city of Bandiagara. They are famous for their types of stories, dancing, buildings and art. They make wooden statues.


Ipswich

Ipswich is a large town in the East Anglian county of Suffolk England. It is the county town of Suffolk. It is near the estuary of the River Orwell. 117,069 people live there. In the Tudor period Ipswich was famous for the Wool Trade and there are still a lot of Tudor buildings which survive to this day. Thomas Wolsey, who was a famous adviser to Henry VIII was born in Ipswich. In modern times Ipswich became infamous as in 2006 a serial killer murdered five sex workers over a short space of time.

The town is home to Ipswich Town F.C., an association football team. They play in the town at a stadium called Portman Road.

Ipswich is one of the oldest towns in England.

Self-esteem

Self-esteem is the way people think about themselves and how worthwhile they feel. Psychologists use the word self-esteem to describe whether someone likes themselves or not. Someone with high self-esteem might think that they are good at things, worthwhile, and may be confident in the things that they do. Someone with low self-esteem might think that they are bad at things and/or worthless. Different psychologists have different ways of measuring self-esteem, and many people do not agree on what it means. Some people may think that self-esteem is linked to anxiety, depression, eating disorders and bullying. Some people may also injure themselves if they suffer from a low self-esteem.

Self-esteem also considered by the international law on human rights, such as Convention on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities and Yogyakarta Principles, affirm that each person's self-esteem must be protected against any kind of abuse or violence out of social prejudices and discriminations.

The World Health Organization also thinks building strong self-esteem is important to prevent the suicide of students as well as prevent bullying by tolerance.

Freetown Christiania

Freetown Christiania, commonly just called Christiania, is a Danish special community. The village is partially self-governing with 850 inhabitants, and has an area of 85 acres near the capital of Denmark, Copenhagen. The Freetown has often been in the centre of controversies since its creation in an empty military area in 1971. In the Freetown, cannabis was legal until 2004. Inhabitants of Christiania are called "Christianites". Christiania has become home to several businesses such as carpenters, blacksmiths, a bikeshop, as well as several cafés, restaurants, jazz, blues and night clubs.

In 2007, the National Heritage Agency proposed protection status for some of military buildings, now in Christiania. These are:

After the military had left, the area was only guarded by a few watchmen and sometimes of homeless people went in the area for sleep or for living there.On 4 September, 1971, neighbours of the area broke down a wall for making a place where their children could play.On 26 September, 1971, Christiania was opend to people by Jacob Ludvigsen, a well-known provo and journalist who published a magazine called "Hovedbladet" ('The main paper'). In the paper, Ludvigsen wrote an article in which he and five others went on exploration into what he called 'The Forbidden City of the Military'. The spirit of Christiania quickly developed into one of the hippie movement, the squatter movement, collectivism and anarchism, in contrast to the site's previous military use.

Meditation and yoga have always been popular activities for the Christianites, and for many years Christiania had their own internationally acclaimed theater group Solvognen, who, beyond their theater performances, also staged many happenings in Copenhagen and even throughout Sweden. Ludvigsen had always talked about drugs, hard drugs (now are illegal in Christiania) and soft drugs. The "problem" of drugs made Christiania really famous, and the most know part of the Freetown.
The neighbourhood of the Freetown is accessible through many entrances and cars are not allowed.Danish authorities have repeatedly removed the large stones blocking the main entrance claiming they need access to the area for fire trucks and ambulances in the event of a fire or medical emergency, yet the residents respond by placing them back each time as they feel attacks by the authorities. The people in Christiania have developed their rules, without the Danish government. The rules forbid stealing, violence, guns, knives, bulletproof and hard drugs. A famous street in the Freetown is known as "Pusher Street", where hash and Skunk weed were sold openly from permanent stands until 2004, it nevertheless does have rules forbidding hard drugs, such as cocaine, speed, ecstasy and heroin. The commerce is not really clean, but since the rules require a consensus they cannot be removed unless everybody agrees. The Since 1994, residents have paid taxes and fees for water, electricity, trash disposal, etc. The future of the area remains in doubt. In the street photos are forbidden.

On April 24, 2005, a 26-year-old Christiania resident was killed and three other residents injured in a violent gang assassination on Pusher Street. The reason for this was a fight between few Christianites and people from the hash, market of Copenhagen.

On May 14, 2007 workers from the governmental Forest and Nature Agency with help from the police, entered Christiania to destroy the abandoned building of "Cigarkassen" ('the cigar box'). They were met by angry and scared Christianites who feared that the police were going to demolish other houses too. Road blocks were built and the trucks were sabotaged so that they could not move. After the police then entered the Freetown and Christianites attacked the policemen with fireworks and stones, and built barricades in the street outside Christiania gate. The police used tear gas on the people. The police later had to retreat from Christiania. The riot continued over night. At the entrances the Christianites bombarded the police with stones and Molotov cocktails forcing them to retreat. More than 50 Christiania activists and rioters from outside were arrested.

Since the 1970s the Gay House (Bøssehuset), one of Christiania's autonomous institutions, had been a centre for gay activism, parties and theatre. The house was very famous in Denmark for humorist and artistic variety shows, and became a meeting point for all homosexuals in Copenhagen. During the 1980s and 1990s the original pioneers aging and some deceased, the house was left with little activity which was not revived until the early 2000s, when a group of young gay performers and activists, Dunst, were invited to take over the house so it could remain a centre for gay creativity. However, after 9 months they were asked to leave Christiania again. Primarily due to noise complaints. According to Dunst, neighbors would never readily accept them and the newcomers were accused of not understanding "the Christiania lifestyle" despite Dunst claim that they introduced a democratic management form and established open workshops for photography, art, music, dance, video. In 2004 Dunst participated in 'Christiania Distortion' (an event supported by Christiania) in a bus circling around the Freetown.

Around 1984 a biker gang had arrived in Christiania and conquered a part of the hash market. Violence on the premises increased at this period and many Christianites felt unsafe and unhappy with the new residents. This resulted in sabotage acts directed towards the bikers as well as the publication of several provocative manuscripts urging the Christianites to throw out the powerful and armed bikers. This tension culminated when the police found a murdered individual who had been sliced to pieces and buried beneath the floor of a building. Christiania reacted with two colossal community meetings—one outside the building—where it was agreed that the bikers had to leave. They did, and have never returned.

In Christiania cars are prohibited. However, 132 cars are owned by residents and need to be parked on the streets near the Freetown. In 2005, a parking space for only 14 cars outside the Freetown was created. In 2001 a few residents in one of Christiania's sections proposed to construct a parking lot for their cars which was rejected by other Christiania residents.

Since its opening, Christiania has been famous for its open cannabis trade, taking place in the famous central street called 'Pusher Street' - now Green Zone. Since 2003, however, the 'officially' open hash trade has been ended by authorities. However cannabis is still sold in the Freetown. Hard drugs, including heroin and cocaine, have been banned from Christiania since 1979 by the community's own rules.

In January 2006, the government proposed that Christiania would be turned into a mixed alternative community and residential area adding condominiums for 400 new residents. Current residents, now paying DKK 1450 (USD 250) per month, would be allowed to remain but need to begin paying normal rent for the facilities. Christiania has rejected this, fearing the Freetown would turn into a normal Copenhagen neighborhood. In particular, the concept of privately owned dwellings is claimed to be incompatible with Christiania's collective ownership.

In order to present a reasonable use of area after an eventual "cleaning", the Danish government commissioned an architectural competition. 17 proposals were received, of which only eight have met the formal competition requirements. All of the proposals were rejected by ojudges. The cost of the architectural competition was 850,000 Danish Kroner (113,000 Euro, 145,000 USD).



I'm Not There

I'm Not There is a Golden Globe Award-winning and Academy Award-nominated 2007 American biographical drama movie that is inspired by the life of musician Bob Dylan. Dylan is played by seven different actors in the movie: Marcus Carl Franklin, Ben Whishaw, Heath Ledger, Christian Bale, Richard Gere, and Cate Blanchett, who play people like Dylan but with different names.

The movie won and was nominated for several awards, including eight wins in "Best Supporting Actress" categories for Cate Blanchett, and Independent Spirit Award nomination for "Best Film".



Lanthanide

A lanthanide is one of a group of 15 elements that have atomic numbers 57 to 71. This is also known as the lanthanide series or lanthanoid series. This group starts at lanthanum and it ends at lutetium. All lanthanoids are f-block elements, meaning that electrons fill the 4f electron shell, except for lutetium which is a d-block lanthanoid. The lanthanoid series (Ln) is named after lanthanum.

Lanthanides are metals that are related to each other in how they behave. Most of them slowly turn into their hydroxides when they are placed into water, like the alkali metals. They usually form a coating of oxide when placed in the air, like most metals. Lanthanides, with Scandium and Yttrium, are called rare earth elements.
All the lanthanoids are silvery white soft metals and tarnish rapidly in air. The hardness increases with increasing atomic number.

Lanthanides are not abundant, and only small amounts are mined. Some have various uses in magnets, superconductors, chemical catalysts, and optical equipment such as lasers.

The New Zealand Story

The New Zealand Story is a video game released by the Taito Corporation in 1988. This game was released for coin operated machines, home computers and game consoles.

Ungdomshuset

Ungdomshuset (in English: "the Youth House") was the popular name of the building formally named Folkets Hus ("House of the People") on Jagtvej 69 in Nørrebro, Copenhagen. The Ungdomshuset was a meeting point for many anarchists, for the music in the underground scene and leftist groups from 1982 until 2007, when after a long conflict between the municipal government of Copenhagen and the people living there, was smashed. Police started to clear the building early on Thursday, 1 March 2007. Demolition began on 5 March 2007 and was completed two days later. Ever since the eviction in March 2007, former users and supporters have held weekly demonstrations for a new Ungdomshuset, the demonstrations starting from nearby square 'Blågårds Plads' every Thursday at 5 p.m. and going to various places in Copenhagen. The starting point has recently been changed to Gammel Torv in response to the demonstraters saying they are getting closer to the politicians concerning a solution for a new Ungdomshus at an old school.In the summer of 2007, an initiative known as G13 wanted to squat an old public waterwork on Grøndalsvænge Allé 13 in northwestern Copenhagen to be used as a new Ungdomshuset, the squat was non-violent, but was met with heavy opposition from the police who arrested 436 people and threw large amounts of tear gas

The building was completed on 12 November 1897, with the name "Folkets Hus" ("The People's House"). The house functioned as one of the resorts for the then-incipient labour movement of Copenhagen. Since labour organisations were unpopular in the eyes of the authorities. Years later the place helped poor people and was used for others uses. In 1918 when workers stormed the Danish Stock Exchange ("Børsen"). In 1910, The Second International held an International Women's conference at the house, during which Clara Zetkin launched the idea of an International Women's Day. Lenin and Rosa Luxemburg visited the centre. During the 1950s it was still primarily used by the different sections, associations and unions of the labour movement. All kinds of different activities took place: for example, boxing matches and end-of-season dances. Several years later Brugsen, a Danish chain of co-operative supermarkets, bought Folkets Hus, for making a cheap supermarket. However, as this was prohibited by authorities for the historic importance of the place, so Brugsen sold the ground to the folk music ensemble Tingluti in 1978. The Tingluti sold the ground to the municipality of Copenhagen after few time.The price at the time was DKK 700,000. In 1982 Folkets Hus was assigned to a group of young people — the original founders of Ungdomshuset — however the municipality of Copenhagen still owned the building. It was at this time that the building was given its current name: Ungdomshuset. Nick Cave and Björk played there. In January 1996 Ungdomshuset was ravaged by a fire. It also had fungus and rot. The municipality of Copenhagen made plans to renovate the building for safety reasons, but encountered resistance from the occupants. In 1999 the building was put on sale to the highest bidder by the municipality, but at the same time occupants opposed to the thing, and for jokingly put over the building a large banner with the message ""For sale along with 500 autonome, stone throwing, violent psychopaths from hell."". After that a company called Human A/S bought the building in December 2000 (although ownership did not actually change hands until 2001), after which Human A/S was sold to the independent Christian sect "Faderhuset. However, the squatters refused to leave the house. Until 1 March 2007 the young squatters used the house as if the change of ownership had not happened and the new owners were not allowed inside at any time. The "Ungdomshuset" received more than 500 visitors a week.

Demolition of Ungdomshuset began at 8:00 am on 5 March 2007. The demolition was broadcast live by webcam on TV2 News' website. After the demolition of Ungdomshuset many riots began near the area for many days. Many cars were smashed and burned against the police.
A women's demonstration took place on 8 March, comprising more than 3 000 people. The police carried out systematic identity controls. In total, more than 750 people were arrested during the events (among them, about 140 foreigners). On 16 March, 2007, Danish police admitted to having mistakenly used a potentially lethal form of teargas. The gas, known as Ferret 40, was used against crowds during the riots following the demolition, although it is designed to penetrate doors and walls.

According to professor Lars Dencik, from the University of Roskilde, the Danish state used the opportunity of this evacuation to test its anti-terrorist security forces (as any other opportunity, or real danger, was non-existent).



Naib

The word "naib" (نائب) is an Arabic word meaning someone who is second in command.

It may also mean:



Bagh Union Council

Bagh is a Union Council of Abbottabad District in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan. It has two high schools GHS Bagh and GHS Kehal.

It is in the centre of the district, in the southern part of Abbottabad Tehsil, it is surrounded by the following Union Councils, to the north and east by Dhamtour, to the north by Sarbhana, to the east by Bagnotar, Namli Maira and Nagri Bala - and to the south by Dewal Manal.

The Union Council is divided into three areas:
Bagh, Kehial and Jaggian Kohalian.

Tehsil

A tehsil (also known as a mandal, taluka, taluk) is a unit of government in Pakistan and in the Republic of India - it is similar to a county. It usually consists of a town (possibly more towns) and the villages around the towns. 

In Pakistan, Tehsils are the second administrative division. They are further subdivided into Union Councils. Many Tehsils are grouped together into a "district" (Zillah). In Sindh the name "taluka" is generally used instead of tehsil.

In India, some states use "taluk" or "taluka", others use "tehsil". The "TK" often found in Indian addresses stands for Taluk. 

Paektu Mountain

Paektu Mountain (also called Baekdu Mountain) or Changbai Mountain is a volcano on the border between North Korea and China. This mountain is 54.5% in North Korean territory, 45.5% in China. The Korean name is Paektu-san or Baekdu-san, which means "white head mountain". The Chinese name is Changbai-shan, which means "snow that piles up on the large mountain". 

Paektu has a large caldera (crater lake). It is called Heaven Lake. Koreans call it "Cheon-ji" lake, Chinese call it "Tiandi" lake. It is 2,744 metres above sea level and is the highest mountain of all Korea. The Beijing Olympic torch was lit on Paektu/Changbai Mountain. Heaven Lake is a caldera made by a gigantic volcanic eruption in 969 AD (± 20 years) which had a Volcanic Explosivity Index (VEI) of 7. The 969 eruption, which is called the "Millennium" or "Tianchi" eruption, was one of the most violent eruptions in the last 5,000 years, comparable to the 180 AD "Hatepe eruption" of Lake Taupo and the 1815 eruption of Mount Tambora.

Pakistan Standard Time

PKT is the time zone used in Pakistan. It is 5 hours ahead of GMT/UTC.

In 2002, the government of Pakistan decided to use the Daylight Saving Time system. This meant that every year, clocks would be put forward by one hour on the night between the first Saturday and Sunday of April until 15 October when the clocks were put back. The experiment was not repeated again under the Musharraf Regime.

This was reused in 2008 by Raja Parvez Ashraf from 1 June 2008 to 31 October 2008 and again in 2009 from 15 April 2009 to 31 October 2009. The system has not been used since.



Dhamtour

Dhamtour or Dhamtor(, ) is a small rural suburb of Abbottabad Hazara, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, Pakistan. It is about 6 kilometers from Abbottabad city. It is known as the largest village of Abbottabad area. It is also a Union Council in Abbottabad District in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan. The local language is Hindko, which is the main language of Hazara division. The area are has some rich cultural traditions. Dhamtour village is the gate way to many natural beauty places like Murree, Nathia Gali, Dungagali and Harnoi.

Dhamtour is at 34°7'60N 73°16'0E at a height of 1110 metres (3645 feet). It is to the west of Abbottabad city, and borders Sheikh-ul-Bandi to the north and Nagri Bala to the south.

Dhamtour is an old settlement and there used to be regular cattle and vegetable markets here before British rule.

Most of the people in this area are from the Jadoon tribe. Other tribes include Mughals, Gujjars ,Kashmiri, Syeds, and Awans.

The Union Council of Dhamtour is divided into the following areas: Banda Bazdar, Bandi Shoalian, Dhamtour, Guldhok, Jaswal, Nagaki, and Ukhreela.

George Town

Georgetown or George Town may refer to:














Chechen

Chechen might mean:


Balochistan

Balochistan or Baluchistan () may refer to:


Kate Beckinsale

Kathrin Romany Beckinsale (born 26 July 1973) is an English actress. She starred in the movies such as "Pearl Harbor" (2001), "Underworld" (2003) and "Van Helsing" (2004).

Kathrin Romany Beckinsale was born in Chiswick, London, England. She is the only child of actor Richard Beckinsale and actress Judy Loe. Her father was of one-quarter Burmese ancestry. 

She made her first television appearance at the age of four, in an episode of "This is Your Life" dedicated to her father. When she was five years old, her 31-year-old father died suddenly of a heart attack. Beckinsale was deeply traumatised by the loss and "started expecting bad things to happen". While she has seen her father "more on television than I have in life", "there are certainly enough memories for me not to feel that it's somebody I didn't know." 

Her widowed mother moved in with director Roy Battersby when Beckinsale was nine and she was brought up alongside his four sons and daughter. She has a close relationship with her stepfather: "I couldn't have knitted a better one ... He wasn't pushy, he let me come to him." She has a paternal half-sister, actress Samantha Beckinsale.


Printed circuit board

A printed circuit board (PCB) is a board made for connecting electronic components together. These are used in almost all computers and electronics today. 

The "card" is made of a material that does not conduct electricity, usually fiberglass. Usually copper is etched (set in thin lines) inside the board between the layers of fiberglass, or on the surface of the board. This makes the electricity go only where it is wanted.

Electronic components are then attached to this board using a metal to conduct electricity. The metal etched into the board allows electricity to travel from one component to another in electrical circuits. 

Boards can have many different parts which are connected and work together. The most common circuit boards are made in large numbers for a specific job, for example to run a computer, a mobile/cell phone or a television. Some circuit boards are made plain so a person can build their own for a new electrical task. Most things that use electricity have at least one circuit board inside of them that makes them run.

Flexible circuit boards are those that are made thin enough and of the right material to flex (bend). Rigid-flex boards are those that combine the features of the rigid boards and flex boards, hard at some points and bendable at some other points.

Printed circuit boards came from electrical connection systems that were used in the 1850s. Originally metal strips or rods were used to connect large electric components mounted on wooden bases. Later, the metal strips were replaced by wires connected to screw terminals, and wooden bases were replaced by metal frames. This let things be smaller, which was needed as circuits became more complex with more parts. Thomas Edison tested methods of using metals on linen paper. Arthur Berry in 1913 patented a print-and-etch method in Britain. In 1925, Charles Ducas of the United States developed a method using electroplating. He created an electrical path directly on an insulated surface by printing through a stencil (a shape cut into a board or paper) with special ink that could conduct electricity, just like wires could. This method was called "printed wiring" or "printed circuit."

In 1943, the Austrian Paul Eisler, working in the United Kingdom, patented a method of etching the conductive pattern, or circuits, on a layer of copper foil attached to a hard base that did not conduct electricity. Eisler's technique was noticed by the US military and they started to use it in new weapons including proximity fuzes in World War II. His idea became very useful in the 1950s when the transistor was introduced. Up to that point, vacuum tubes and other components were so large that the traditional mounting and wiring methods were all that was needed. With the introduction of transistors, however, the components became very small, and manufacturers needed to use printed circuit boards so the connections could also be small.

Plated through-hole technology and its use in multi-layer PCBs were patented by the U.S. firm Hazeltine in 1961. This allowed much more complex boards, with components placed closely together. Integrated circuit chips were introduced in the 1970s, and these components were quickly incorporated into printed circuit board design and manufacturing techniques. Today the Printed Circuit Board can have up to100 layers in some applications.

Surface-mount technology was developed in the 1960s and became widely used in the late 1990s. 

The main task in designing a PCB is figuring out where all the components are going to go. Normally there is a design or schematic that will be turned into a PCB. There is no such thing as a standard printed circuit board. Each board is designed for its own use and must be the right size to fit the required space. Board designers use computer-aided design software to layout the circuit designs on the board. The spaces between electrical paths can be 0.04 inches (1.0 mm) or smaller. The location of the holes for component leads or contact points are also laid out. Once the circuit pattern is laid out, a negative image is printed out at exact size on a clear plastic sheet. With a negative image, the areas that are not part of the circuit pattern are shown in black and the circuit pattern is shown as clear. The metal is then removed from the clear areas, usually with chemicals. This design is made into instructions for a computer-controlled drilling machine or for the automatic solder paste used in the manufacturing process.
The card is made with outer layers of copper. Unwanted copper is removed, leaving copper wires that will connect the electronic components. The components are placed on the board, making contact with the wires. 

Circuit boards are sometimes made with photolithography. A covering called photoresist reacts with light, and then the circuit board and covering are put in a developer. This method is expensive per board, but very cheap to set up in the beginning. 

There are, however, different methods of making a circuit board. Some professionally made circuit boards use a different method to remove extra copper from the circuit board. A process called silk screen printing is used. Silk-screening is when a cloth is pulled tight over a frame. Then an image is printed onto the cloth. Then ink is pressed through the cloth. The ink does not go where the image has been printed on the cloth. It is called silk-screening because the cloth is usually silk. The cloth is usually silk because it has very small holes. silk-screening is used to print an ink called resist onto the board. Resist is an ink that resists the etchant used to make the circuit board. Etchant dissolves the copper on the board. This is cheaper for each board than photo-resist, but is more expensive in the beginning.

Another way to make a circuit board is to use a mill. A mill is a drill that moves in many directions. The drill removes a small amount of copper each time it moves across the board. The mill removes the copper around the wires on the board. This leaves extra copper on the board. Other methods do not leave the extra copper on the board. This method is cheaper per board, but the equipment to make it is expensive. This method is not used often, because the other two methods are easier.


Pantera

Pantera was an American heavy metal band from Arlington, Texas, in the USA. They formed in 1981, but they did not have success until the 1990 release of their fifth studio album "Cowboys from Hell". From 1987 to 2003 the band consisted of members Phil Anselmo (vocals), "Dimebag Darrell" Abbott (guitar), Vinnie Paul (drums), and Rex Brown (bass). In 2003, the band broke up. On December 8, 2004, Dimebag Darrell was shot and killed by Nathan Gale during a Damageplan concert in Columbus, Ohio.

Pan's Labyrinth

Pan's Labyrinth (, literally "The Labyrinth of the Faun") is an Academy Award-winning Spanish language fantasy movie written and directed by Mexican movie-maker Guillermo del Toro.

"Pan's Labyrinth" takes place in two places, known as a dual setting: in the "real world" the story is set in Spain during 1944, and tells a story of a girl named Ofelia who is given three tasks by a mysterious faun. Meanwhile, her stepfather, the Falangist Captain Vidal, hunts the Spanish Maquis, guerrillas who continued fighting the Franco regime in the region, as her pregnant mother grows ill. The alternate setting is a secret "fantasy world" that Ofelia enters through an overgrown labyrinth garden, where she meets all manner of strange and magical creatures who become central to her story. The movie uses make-up, puppetry, and CGI effects to create its creatures.

The director of this movie, Del Toro said that he thinks the story to be a fable, influenced by fairy tales, and that it focuses on and continues themes related to his earlier movie "The Devil's Backbone", a spiritual sequel, though not an actual sequel. The original Spanish title refers to the mythological fauns of Roman mythology, while the English title refers specifically to the faun-like Greek god Pan (intended to help English-speakers differentiate the title from the term fawn). However, Del Toro has stated that the faun in the movie is not Pan.

The movie was first shown at the 2006 Cannes Film Festival. It was released in the United Kingdom on November 24, 2006. In the United States and Canada, the movie was given a limited release on December 29, 2006, with a nationwide release on January 19, 2007. "Pan's Labyrinth" has won numerous international awards, including three Academy Awards, the Ariel Award for Best Picture, and the 2007 Hugo Award for Best Dramatic Presentation, Long Form.

List of rivers of Iowa

The following is a list of rivers in Iowa, by letter:


Transubstantiation

Transubstantiation is a teaching, and also a Catholic doctrine, which says that, after a priest consecrates them, the bread and wine at the Mass become the body and blood of Jesus, whom Christians believe is the son of God. According to the teaching of transubstantiation, although the appearance, smell, and taste of bread and wine remain, the substances of bread and wine have really changed into the body and blood of Jesus. 

Transubstantiation is also taught by some other Christian churches.

Christians who believe in transubstantiation believe that the bread they eat at Mass is the body of Jesus. They know that the bread still tastes like bread, looks like bread and smells like bread. It is just like bread, but it becomes the body of Jesus. The priest says prayers at Mass so that the bread and wine become the flesh and blood of Jesus.

This started when Jesus ate a meal called the Last Supper the night before he died. He said that the food his friends were eating was his body and blood. In the Gospel of Matthew 26:26, it says, "Take this [bread] all of you and eat it. This is my body which will be given up for you," which means that he would die for them. Then, in Matthew 26:27, Jesus said, "Take this [cup] all of you and drink from it. This is the cup of my blood, the blood of the new and everlasting covenant." This means that Jesus's blood would make a promise forever between God and his people. Then he said, "My blood will be shed for you and for all so that sins may be forgiven." This means that Jesus would die for everyone so their sins, or things they do wrong, could be forgiven. Then he said, "Do this in memory of me." This is Jesus commanding people to continue what he did. From that time until now, people have continued what Jesus did and it reminds them of the Last Supper.


Children of Bodom

Children of Bodom was a Finnish melodic death metal band from Espoo in Finland. Their name comes from the Lake Bodom murders. The band members were: Alexi Laiho (lead guitar and vocals), Daniel Freyberg (rhythm guitar), Janne Wirman (keyboards), Henkka Blacksmith (bass), Jaska Raatikainen (drums).



Timeline

Near-Earth asteroid

Near-Earth asteroids (NEAs) are asteroids whose orbits are close to Earth's orbit. A few tens of thousands have been found. Sometimes one crashes into earth. We try to find out if any are going to hit Earth using Asteroid impact prediction. Two near-Earth asteroids have been visited by spacecraft: 433 Eros, by NASA's Near Earth Asteroid Rendezvous probe and 25143 Itokawa, by the JAXA Hayabusa mission.


Abbottabad Central

Abbottabad Central is a Union Council of Abbottabad District in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan. It is in Abbottabad city, the capital of the district, it borders the following Union Councils, Malikpura Urban to the north and west, by Salhad to the south and by Dhamtour to the east.

A part of Abbottabad Central comprises the Old Abbottabad Town, which had been originally founded in January 1853 by Major James Abbott and which in turn has two main sections the Civil Lines and the Military Cantonment. This old portion is a historical place of considerable significance to the period of the British Raj. The Old "Saddar" (Main/Central) Bazaar, St Luke's Church, Abbottabad, the Old Christian Cemetery Abbottabad, the Lady Garden Park, the Abbottabad Club and several other old British Indian Army structures are found here.

Subahdar

A Naib Nazim, or deputy Nazim, is an elected government official in Pakistan. The word Naib means assistant or deputy while Nazim is similar to a mayor, so a Naib Nazim is similar in to a deputy mayor.

Cherbourg-Octeville

Cherbourg-Octeville is a city in France. It is in the region of Normandy, and in the Département of Manche. 43,000 people live inside the city and 117,000 near or in the city.

On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the new commune of Cherbourg-en-Cotentin.

Cherbourg is twinned with:

3 Inches of Blood

3 Inches of Blood was a metal band from Vancouver, Canada. They were founded in 2000 and dissolved in 2015. The band's style is a mixture between Power Metal and NWOBHM of the 1970s. 





List of rivers of Kansas

This is a list of rivers in Kansas:


List of rivers of Kentucky

This is a list of rivers in Kentucky:


List of rivers of Louisiana

The following is a list of rivers in Louisiana, by letter:

List of rivers of Maine

The following is a list of rivers in Maine, by region:







Federal Council (Switzerland)

The Swiss Federal Council (, , , ) is the group of seven people who are the federal government of Switzerland. As Switzerland does not have one person as "President", the Federal Council is also the head of state.

The whole council is responsible for leading the federal administration of Switzerland, but each Councillor runs one of the seven federal ministries. As of 2023, the members of the Federal Council are, in order of seniority:
The Federal Council was set up by the 1848 Federal Constitution as the "supreme executive and directorial authority of the Confederation".

When the Constitution was written, constitutional democracy was still in its infancy, and the founding fathers of Switzerland had little in the way of examples. Switzerland has a long tradition of being governed by a council of representatives instead of one powerful ruler, so while they drew heavily on the U.S. Constitution for the organisation of the federal state as a whole, they opted for the council rather than the presidential system for the executive branch of government.) .

Today, only three other states, Andorra, Bosnia and Herzegovina, and San Marino have more than one person act as head of state at a time. The collegial system of government is often used for government. Many countries have a form of cabinet government with collective responsibility (that is, all ministers in the cabinet support the decision of the cabinet as a whole).

After the 1959 elections a "Zauberformel" or "magical formula" was invented. The formula works out how many members of the Federal Council each political party has, and showed that the Federal Council is always a voluntary grand coalition.

Based on their strengths in the Federal Assembly, the seats were distributed as follows:

The FDP and CVP have been getting less popular, and more people have supported the SVP and SPS. After the 2003 elections, the SVP asked for a CVP Council seat for their leader Christoph Blocher and threatened to otherwise leave the government. After the 2007 elections Blocher was replaced by another member of the CVP, so the strength of the parties is still:


Women did not get the federal vote until 1971. The first woman to be an official candidate was Lilian Uchtenhagen in 1983.

In total, only six out of 109 Councillors (or out of 27 Councillors elected since 1971) have been women:


Each year, one of the seven Councillors is elected by the Federal Assembly as "President of the Confederation". The Federal Assembly also elects a Vice President. By convention, the positions of President and Vice President rotate annually, each Councillor thus becoming Vice President and then President every seven years while in office. The same person cannot be President two years in a row, or be elected Vice President in the years after he has been President.

According to the Swiss order of precedence, the President of the Confederation is the highest-ranking Swiss official. He or she presides over Council meetings and carries out certain representative functions that, in other countries, are the business of the Head of State. In urgent situations where a Council decision cannot be made in time, he or she is empowered to act on behalf of the whole Council. Apart from that, though, he or she is a "primus inter pares", having no power above and beyond the other six Councillors.

The President is not the Swiss head of state (this function is carried out by the Council acting together). However the President acts and is recognized as head of state while conducting official visits abroad, as the members of the Council never leave the country at the same time. More often, though, official visits abroad are carried out by the head of the Federal Department of Foreign Affairs. Visiting heads of state are received by all the Federal Council together.

The Federal Council meets each Wednesday at the "Bundeshaus" in Bern, the seat of the Swiss federal government.

Apart from the seven Councillors, the following officials also attend the meetings:

After the meetings, the Councillors always take lunch together. The Council also meets regularly in conclave to discuss important topics at length, and annually conducts what is colloquially referred to as its "school excursion", a day trip to some attractions in the President's home canton. In that and other respects, the Council operates not unlike a board of directors of a major corporation.

Each Federal Councillor heads a government department, much like the ministers in the governments of other countries. Colloquially and by the press, they are often referred to as ministers. For example, the head of the Federal Department of Defence, Civil Protection and Sportsis often called the "minister of defence". However, as Council members, they are not only responsible for their own department, but also for the business of their colleagues' departments as well, and for the conduct of the government and the federal administration as a whole.

The meetings of the Federal Council and the result of the votes taken are not open to the public, and the records remain sealed for 50 years. This has lately been the subject of some criticism. In particular, the parties at the ends of the political spectrum argue that this secrecy is contrary to the principle of transparency. However, the Council has always said that secrecy is necessary to reach consensus and to preserve the collegiality and political independence of the individual Councillors.

Despite the secrecy rule, details of the votes and the arguments in Council are sometimes leaked to the press, resulting in (generally fruitless) investigations and criminal prosecutions of the leaking staff member.

Due to the Federal Council's unique nature as a voluntary grand coalition of political opponents, its operation is subject to numerous constitutional conventions. Most notable is the principle of collegiality; that is, the Councillors are supposed not to publicly criticise one another, even though they are often political opponents. In effect, they are expected to publicly support all decisions of the Council, even against their own personal opinion or that of their political party. In the eye of many observers, this convention has become rather strained after the 2003 elections (see below).

The members of the Federal Council are elected for a term of four years by both chambers of the federal parliament sitting together as the Federal Assembly. Each Councillor is elected individually by secret ballot by an absolute majority of votes. Every adult Swiss citizen is eligible, but in practice, only Members of Parliament or more rarely, members of Cantonal governments are nominated by the political parties and receive a substantial amount of votes. The voting is conducted in several rounds: in the first two rounds, anyone can enter their name; but in subsequent rounds, the person receiving the least votes is removed from the race until one candidate gains an absolute majority.

With Council seats allocated to parties by unwritten agreement (see above), Federal Council elections generally are unexciting, pleasant affairs. Usually, the party which has a seat to fill presents two candidates with mainstream viewpoints to the United Federal Assembly, which then chooses one. This was not so, however, during the 2003 election, which was the most controversial in recent memory (see also above).

Once elected, Councillors remain members of their political parties, but hold no leading office with them. In fact, they usually maintain a certain political distance from the party leadership, because under the rules of collegiality, they will often have to publicly promote a Council decision which does not match the political conviction of their party (or of themselves).

Once elected for a four-year-term, Federal Councillors can neither be voted out of office by a motion of no confidence nor can they be impeached. Re-election is possible for an indefinite number of terms, and it has historically been extremely rare for Parliament not to re-elect a sitting Councillor. This has only happened four times - to Ulrich Ochsenbein in 1854, to Jean-Jacques Challet-Venel in 1872, to Ruth Metzler-Arnold in 2003 and to Christoph Blocher in 2007. In practice, therefore, Councillors serve until they decide to resign and retire to private life, usually after three to five terms of office.

Unlike most senior members of government in other countries, the Federal Councillors are not entitled to an official residence. Mostly, they have chosen to rent apartments or hotel suites in Bern (at their own expense); the only contemporary exception being Moritz Leuenberger, who daily commutes by train from Zürich to Bern. However, they are entitled to use the Federal Council's country estate, Lohn, for holidays; this estate is also used to host official guests of the Swiss Confederation.

Councillors can have an Army security detail if they need personal protection (in particular during official events). But often one can meet them without any escort at all in the streets, restaurants and tramways of Bern. Councillors are also entitled to a personal bailiff ("Weibel") who accompanies them, in a colourful uniform, to official events. This tradition goes back through the republican governments of the ancient Swiss cantons, right back to the lictors of the ancient Roman Republic.

The spouses of Councillors do not play an official part in the business of government, apart from accompanying the Councillors to official receptions.

Federal Councillors draw a yearly remuneration of about CHF 400,000 (circa EUR 256,000 / USD 404,000). After completing a full term of office, they are entitled to a perennial yearly pension of half that amount after leaving office.

While Councillors are forbidden by law to hold any other post during their term of office, it is not unusual for them to accept lucrative business engagements after leaving office, e.g., on the board of directors of major Swiss corporations.

Federal Councillors, like Members of Parliament, enjoy absolute legal immunity for all statements made in their official capacity.

For crimes not relating to their official capacity, they can be prosecuted only with the permission of the Federal Council as a whole while in office. The prosecutor can appeal a refusal to grant permission to the Federal Assembly.

Prosecution for crimes and misdemeanors that do relate to the Councillors' official capacity requires the assent of the Federal Assembly. In such cases, Parliament can also suspend the Councillor in office (but not actually remove her or him).

According to statements to the media by a Federal Chancellory official, in none of the few cases of accusations against a Federal Councillor has the permission to prosecute ever been granted. Such cases usually involved statements considered offensive by members of the public. However, one unnamed Councillor involved in a traffic accident immediately prior to his date of resignation was reported to have voluntarily waived his immunity, and Councillor Elisabeth Kopp decided to resign upon facing an inquiry over allegations of secrecy violations.

Historically, the collegial government of Switzerland has been assessed both internationally and nationally as exceptionally competent and stable. The Federal Council as a whole (although not individual members) has consistently maintained public approval and confidence rates in excess of sixty percent, possibly also because under the Swiss system of direct democracy, voters can vent their displeasure with government decisions when deciding individual issues at the ballot box.

However, lately there has been a growing contention that the Federal Council is often too slow to respond to the needs of the moment, too resistant to change and too weak to lead the powerful federal bureaucracy. Various changes have been proposed to address these issues, including expanding the powers of the presidency, expanding the Federal Council itself or adding a second layer of ministers between the Council and the departments. None of these proposals has yet borne fruit, however.





Zurich (disambiguation)

Zürich is a city in Switzerland. It may also mean:


Bengal

Bengal is a divided region in South Asia that is split between two countries - Bangladesh and India. Both parts used to be united, although historically part of British India; today West Bengal is part of India and "East Bengal" is Bangladesh. It contains the Ganges Delta, the largest in the world.


Colloquy

Colloquy could mean:

World Wrestling Entertainment programs

World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE) has a wide range of shows all over the world, including television, movies, online, video on demand and pay-per-views. 

WWE currently runs with three major shows on television. They are: "Raw", "Friday Night SmackDown!", "WWE Superstars" and "ECW". WWE also airs recap shows: "A.M. Raw" (not in UK), "The WWE Experience", "Bottom Line", and "Afterburn".

Since WWE's departure from Spike TV in the United States, WWE has moved "Heat" on to their website as a webcast, while overseas it is still shown as a regular television program. The latest episode of Heat is put up on WWE.com every Friday afternoon. Other webcasts such as "WWE Rollin", "WWE Sidesplitters" and "WWE Uncut" can be found in the "All Videos" section of WWE.com.

World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE) has had a large Web presence for years. In 1996 it was nominated for a Streaming Media Award and in 1999 for its online content.


FOX8 is currently the only network to air all televised shows in Australia. Times for programmes are as follows and are in EST:


WWE programming on Brazil is shown on FX Latin America, and later on, in December of 2007, by SBT (Brazilian Television System.)


WWE Programming shows on FX Latin America are not scheduled here, Raw and SmackDown! airs trough national aircasting station Repretel Canal 11 (Repretel channel 11)



The BOX is currently the only network to air all television shows in New Zealand.

WWE Programming shows on FX Latin America and ATV Andina de Radio Difusión in Peru.


In the Philippines, WWE programming is shown on Jack TV, and Associated Broadcasting Company (ABC). All times are in Philippine Standard Time
In Portugal, WWE programming is shown on SIC Radical, and on TVI


TEN Sports airs WWE programs in South Asian countries such as Bangladesh, India, Pakistan, Sri Lanka, Maldives, and Bhutan, etc. 



Most of WWE's programs are shown on Sky Sports 3 apart from "WWE Experience", "Saturday Night's Main Event" and pay-per-views.


Since 2003, WWE has produced its own movie productions. Instead of focusing on wrestling movies, WWE produces movies that are non-wrestling related. WWE and Vince McMahon were credited for production of the movies "The Scorpion King", "The Rundown" and "Walking Tall" all starring The Rock (Dwayne Johnson). 

WWE movies has since ventured in on their own, releasing, "See No Evil", a horror movie, starring Kane and also "The Marine", an action movie starring John Cena. WWE has also noted that Steve Austin has agreed to star in three movie deals, the first being "The Condemned".

In 2004, WWE announced a new video on demand service for digital cable users, allowing subscribers to the service access to matches in the promotion's extensive video library. The programming is broken into six sections and features classic shows, matches, and features highlighting legends of wrestling.







WWE is currently one of the leaders in pay-per-view content for cable and satellite television. Pay-per-views account for approximately 25% of WWE revenues. There are fourteen live shows for North America, four for United Kingdom, four for Australia and two for Japan. The pay-per-view events WWE hold currently are:



Borat

Borat: Cultural Learnings of America for Make Benefit Glorious Nation of Kazakhstan is a 2006 British-American mockumentary (comedy movie) by English comedian Sacha Baron Cohen. The main character, Borat, is a rude, stupid reporter who interviews famous people and ordinary people. The movie was very popular, but also seen as wrong and offensive by some people. This is because it was seen as anti-semitic (against Jews) and racist (against black people). Sacha Baron Cohen says this is wrong and he is Jewish himself.
The movie received negative reactions of Kazakh people and the government, whereas the latter banned actor Sacha Baron Cohen from entering to Kazakhstan for his lifetime.

The plot of the movie is about Borat and his friend going to America from Kazakhstan to make a movie about America. Borat looks very stupid and ignorant in America. Borat falls in love with Pamela Anderson after seeing her on television in his hotel. He decides to go to see her while making the movie. He meets many people along the way, interviewing them.


Miley Stewart

Miley Ray Stewart, or Hannah Montana is a fictional character played by Miley Cyrus on the Disney Channel television show "Hannah Montana". She is the main character in the series. Hannah Montana is about Miley Stewart, a teenage school girl who, at night, lives as a pop star, Hannah Montana.

Miley Stewart is an ordinary teenager who has two lives, one as a school girl, the other as a pop star, Hannah Montana. She is from Tennessee, but now lives in California with her father Robby Ray, and brother Jackson. Robby was a singer like Miley, and now lives two lives as her father, and manager and producer.

Miley's mother died when she was young.> Roxy is Hannah Montana's bodyguard who protects the family, whether they want her to or not.

When Miley arrives at Seaview Middle School, she meets her best friends, Lilly Truscott and Oliver Oken. Lilly finds out that Miley is Hannah Montana in the first episode, when she breaks into Hannah's dressing room. In the second episode, Oliver's crush on Hannah Montana is shown, and because of this, Miley tells him her secret. In the second season, she begins to go to her brother's high school with Lilly and Oliver. Because of her two lives, Miley often has problems (such as sleeping in late on a school day after a concert).

Miley's enemies are Amber Addison (Shanica Knowles) and Ashley Dewitt (Anna Maria Perez de Tagle), who are constantly mean to her and her friends, but are huge fans of Hannah Montana. Later, she gets used to her school, and meets a famous actor, Jake Ryan. She has an on and off relationship with him.

Miley is famous for saying some phrases, such as "Ya think?!" whenever someone says the obvious, and "Sweet niblets!", when worried and scared. If someone says something crazy, Miley or Hannah will say something like "'Washed up ballplayer say what?'" as in Bye Bye Ball.

Miley also has a stuffed bear named Beary who has been seen in many episodes. She has had Beary since she was three (as revealed in "Me and Rico down by the schoolyard". Beary was destroyed in the episode "Bye Bye Ball", when Jackson was trying to kill a wasp, but Jackson was later able to fix him.

It has been shown that Miley's friends and most members of the Stewart family know that Miley is Hannah Montana. Below is the list of people mentioned in the series that know Miley's secret.

Nazareth

Nazareth () ( ' or '; ' or ') is the capital city of the north district of Israel. Most of the people in this city are Arabs (who are either Muslim or Christian). There are also some Jewish people. The city is very old and is also famous for being the city where it is believed Jesus grew up in the care of Mary and Joseph.

<br>

Scanlation

Scanlation (sometimes scanslation) is a word for manga comics which have been scanned and translated by fans from the language they were in before (usually Japanese or Korean) to a different language, usually English, French or Spanish.

KolibriOS

KolibriOS is a free and open source operating system written all in assembly. This makes it very fast and small. KolibriOS can fit on a floppy disk and run on a Pentium (and possibly on late 486) with 8 MB of RAM.

Obergösgen

Obergösgen is a municipality in the Gösgen in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.


Oekingen

Oekingen is a municipality in the district Wasseramt in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.


Oensingen

Oensingen is a municipality in the district Gäu in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.


Olten

Olten is a city in the district Olten in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.


O. J. Simpson

Orenthal James "O. J." Simpson (born July 9, 1947), also known by his nickname, The Juice, is a retired American football player and movie actor. He originally attained stardom as a running back at the collegiate and professional levels, and was the first NFL player to rush for more than 2,000 yards in a season. He later worked as an actor, spokesman, and broadcaster. O. J. Simpson is famous for being accused of murdering his ex-wife Nicole Brown Simpson and her friend Ronald Goldman in 1994.

O. J. Simpson was put on trial for the murder of his ex-wife Nicole Brown Simpson and her friend Ronald Goldman in 1994. The court case took many months, and the newspapers and television news followed it closely. The criminal court in Los Angeles, California found that Simpson was not guilty of those murders in 1995. However, Goldman's family sued Simpson for wrongful death in civil court. In 1997, the civil court said Simpson was liable for their wrongful deaths, but to date he has paid little of the $33.5 million he was ordered to pay. In late 2006, Simpson wrote a book titled "If I Did It". The book is a first-person fictional story of the murder of Brown and Goldman if Simpson had done it. It was withdrawn by the publisher just before its release. The book was later released by the Goldman family and the title of the book was expanded to "If I Did It: Confessions of the Killer" (). As of March 2016, interest has grown in his murder case after a former police officer came forward with a knife that may have been used as the murder weapon.

In September 2007, Simpson faced more lawsuits, as he was arrested and subsequently charged with numerous felonies, including but not limited to robbery, burglary, assault, first-degree kidnapping with use of a deadly weapon (which carries a possible life sentence), coercion with use of a deadly weapon, conspiracy to commit robbery, conspiracy to commit kidnapping, and conspiracy to commit a crime. Simpson was convicted on all counts. He was imprisoned at the Lovelock Correctional Center in Lovelock, Nevada.

On July 20, 2017, Simpson was granted parole. He was released from prison on October 1, 2017.

Simpson played T.D. Parker in the TV series "1st & Ten: The Championship" from 1986 to 1991. In 1995 he won the Razzie Award for Worst Supporting Actor.

Woody Guthrie

Woodrow Wilson Guthrie, better known as Woody Guthrie (July 14, 1912 – October 3, 1967), was an American folk musician and songwriter, of the 20th century.

Guthrie was born Woodrow Wilson Guthrie in Okemah, Oklahoma. He was named after President Woodrow Wilson. 

Guthrie wrote over a thousand songs during his career. His more famous songs include "This Land Is Your Land", "Mail Myself To You", "This Train", "Bound For Glory", and "Hobo's Lullaby". One of his most famous albums was titled "Dust Bowl Ballads". He sang about the Great Depression, and the problems faced by farmers at the time of the Dust Bowl, when erosion and drought ruined millions of acres of farmland.

Guthrie recorded a series of songs for the United States government, about sexually transmitted diseases, that served as warnings to the public. Much of the time he appeared opposed to governments as he saw them, and also politics. Guthrie identified strongly with the Industrial Workers of the World, called the "Wobblies", and also the Communist Party, but he never joined either one. His songs, and his interpretations of older songs, spoke to people of many different beliefs. Many of his songs used old tunes, that he gave new words.

The composer names of most folk songs are lost to history, or their songs have been adapted so many times that they completely change form. Even though Guthrie and his songs were well-known, they came to be accepted as genuine folk songs. They appeared in songbooks, and were performed and recorded by many different artists, and also sung by amateurs and families at home. Guthrie worked with or influenced many later musicians.

Guthrie's career was cut short by the illness Huntington's disease. By the late 1940s, Guthrie's health was getting poor, and his behavior was getting very erratic. He had gotten various diagnoses (including alcoholism and schizophrenia), but in 1952, it was determined that he was dying from Huntington's disease, He inherited it from his mother. Worrying that he was a danger to their children, his wife, Marjorie, said he needed to go back to California without her. They finally divorced. Over a long period of time, the illness left him in a wheelchair, then finally unable to get out of bed, or even hold a guitar. 

He spent many years in a hospital, visited by his family and friends. Folk musician Pete Seeger was a regular visitor. One day, the young Bob Dylan came to visit Guthrie. He had hitchhiked from Minnesota to New York, to meet Guthrie. He played Guthrie "A Song to Woody", which he had written as a tribute. Guthrie liked Dylan, and invited him back. Dylan stayed with the Guthrie family, and became friends with thirteen-year-old Arlo Guthrie, who also became a musician.

Guthrie died in 1967, from the effects of Huntington's disease in New York City, aged 55. There have been many tributes made to Guthrie and his music through the years. Actor David Carradine played him in the movie Bound for Glory. Guthrie's songs are still sung today, and are a symbol of American life.



Seer Sharqi Bhattian

Seer Sharqi Bhattian is a Union Council of Abbottabad District in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan. It is in the southeastern part of the province, bordering the Rawalpindi District of Punjab province.

Seer Sharqi Bhattian is named after the two main towns "Seer Sharqi" and "Bhattian", Seer Sharqi means eastern Seer, this is because there are two towns called Seer near to each other. The other Seer is known as Seer Gharbi (meaning western Seer)

The Union Council is subdivided into the following areas: Bhatian, Seer Sharqi and Taror.


Bagnotar

Bagnotar is a Union Council of Abbottabad District in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan. 
Bagnator is on Abbottabad-Nathia Gali Road, 16 Kilometers away from Abbottabad city.

The Union Council Bagnotar is in central part of Abbottabad District in south-east of Abbottabad city - capital city of the district. Bagnotar is next to following union councils, to the north by Sarbhana, to the east and to the south by Namli Maira, and to the west by Bagh.

Union Council Bagnotar is divided into three subdivisions:

Chairman Sardar Muhammad Dilnawaz. 
Chairman Muhammad Jamil Abbasi.
Chairman Malik Iqbal Awan.

District Council Member: Sardar Saeed Anwar"."

Tehsil Council Member: Sardar Shuja Ahmed"."

updated by Muhammad Sajjad Jadoon Bagnotar.




The vegetation in Bagnotar is naturally grown. Both coniferous and deciduous species are present on a large area of the whole union council. The notable species are "Pinus wallichiana, Pinus roxburghii, Cedrus deodara, Taxus baccata, Diospyrus lotus, Salix tetrasperma, Quercus dilatata, Morus elba, Aesculus indica."

Clinton, Oneida County, New York

Clinton is a village in Oneida County, New York, United States. There were 1,683 people living in Clinton as of the 2020 census. It was named after George Clinton, the first governor of New York.


The village has an area of 0.6 square miles, says the United States Census Bureau. The village is east of the Oriskany Creek.

List of counties in Mississippi

The following is a list of 82 counties in the U.S. state of Mississippi:

Charleston, South Carolina

Charleston is a city in Charleston County in the U.S. state of South Carolina. It is the county seat and largest city of Charleston County. As of 2021, the city's population is about 151,612

Charleston was the capital of South Carolina until 1786 when Columbia became capital.

There are many suburbs in the metropolitan area:


There are many neighborhoods in the city of Charleston:









Hangu

Hangu can be any of the following:



Karak

The term Karak can mean any of the following:


Taunton, Massachusetts

Taunton is a city in Bristol County, Massachusetts, United States. It is the seat of Bristol County and the hub of the Greater Taunton Area. As of the 2020 census, Taunton had 59,408 people living in it. The United States Census Bureau says that the city has an area of 48 square miles.

Taunton shares a sister city status with:



Gerhard Ertl

Gerhard Ertl (born 10 October 1936) is a German physicist in the Department of Physical Chemistry of the Fritz Haber Institute of the MPG . He was born on 10 October 1936 in Stuttgart, Germany. Professor Ertl won the Nobel prize for Chemistry in 2007.

Ertl’s research laid the foundation of modern surface chemistry, which has helped explain how fuel cells produce energy without pollution, how catalytic converters clean up car exhausts and even why iron rusts, the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences said. 

His work has paved the way for development of cleaner energy sources and will guide the development of fuel cells, said Astrid Graslund, secretary of the Nobel Committee for Chemistry. 

The Nobel academy said Ertl provided a detailed description of how chemical reactions take place on surfaces. His findings applied in both academic studies and industrial development, the academy said. “Surface chemistry can even explain the destruction of the ozone layer, as vital steps in the reaction actually take place on the surfaces of small crystals of ice in the stratosphere,” the award citation reads. 

Ertl and his wife Barbara have two children and several grandchildren. His hobbies include playing the piano and also playing with his cats.

Professor Ertl is an editor of the Handbook of Heterogeneous Catalysis

Professor Ertl studied physics at the Technical University of Stuttgart from 1955 to 1957. He studied at the University of Paris from 1957 to 1958 and then at Ludwig Maximillians University in Munich from 1958 to 1959. He returned to the Technical University of Stuttgart where he got a diplom of physics in 1961. Then he studied at the Technical University of Munich and got a PhD in 1965.

After getting his PhD, he stayed in Munich as an assistant and a lecturer between 1965 and 1968. Then, he moved to the Technical University of Hannover where he worked as Professor and Director from 1968 to 1973. In 1973, Professor Ertl returned to the Ludwig Maximilian University of Munich to work as a professor at the Institute of Physical Chemistry. He worked there until 1986 and during this time was a regular visitor to the California Institute of Technology, the University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee and the University of California, in Berkeley where he worked as a visiting professor. In 1986, he became professor at the Free University of Berlin and the Technical University of Berlin. He was director at the Fritz Haber Institute of the MPG from 1986 and was also a professor at the Humboldt University of Berlin from 1996. Professor Ertl retired in 2004.

Professor Ertl studied the molecules of ammonia, iron, carbon monoxide and palladium to help make modern catalytic converters. He studied platinum to learn about its atoms.

Professor Ertl helped to develop new ways of using microscopes. One was called low-energy electron diffraction (LEED) used at the beginning of his career and later he worked on ultraviolet photoelectron spectroscopy (UPS) and scanning tunneling microscope (STM).

Professor Ertl and Gabor A. Somorjai won the Wolf Prize for Chemistry in 1998 for outstanding results in surface science and for discovering how crystals react to experiments. 
Professor Ertl was awarded the Nobel prize for chemistry in 2007 for more studies of surface science.


Francesco Hayez

Francesco Hayez (February 10, 1791, Venice – December 21, 1882, Milan) was the main artist of Romanticism in mid-19th-century in Milan.

Notable works include:




John William Waterhouse

John William Waterhouse (6 April 1849 – 10 February 1917) was an English painter in the Pre-Raphaelite style. He worked after the breakup of the Pre-Raphaelite Brotherhood, and so was called "the modern Pre-Raphaelite". He was also influenced by his contemporaries, the Impressionists. His artworks were known for their depictions of women from both ancient Greek mythology and Arthurian legend.

Born in Italy to English parents who were both painters, he later moved to London, where he enrolled in the Royal Academy of Art. He soon began exhibiting at their annual summer exhibitions, focusing on the creation of large canvas works depicting scenes from the daily life and mythology of ancient Greece. Later on in his career he came to embrace the Pre-Raphaelite style of painting despite the fact that it had gone out of fashion in the British art scene several decades before. 

Although not as well known as earlier Pre-Raphaelite artists such as Dante Rossetti, John Millais and William Holman Hunt, Waterhouse's work is currently displayed at several major British art galleries, and the Royal Academy of Art organised a major retrospective of his work in 2009.

Toontown

Toontown is a common name for a fictional human-like city or town where cartoon characters, known as Toons, live.

In the 1988 movie "Who Framed Roger Rabbit", Toontown is a cartoonish city near Los Angeles.


Semantic Web

The Semantic Web is a project of the W3C that uses metadata, to write specific details related to a subject, to let computers better process the information on the internet. This plan, for saving additional semantic details, would make computers able to do more of the work involved in finding, sharing and combining information on the internet.

The Semantic Web is an idea of the inventor of the World Wide Web, Tim Berners Lee. He has wanted to make the web more intuitive about how to meet a user's needs. The semantics of information and services is defined in Web Ontology Language (OWL) and RDF Schemas. These are used to give a formal description of concepts, terms, and relationships within a given area of knowledge.

Tim Berners-Lee's idea was as follows:
The World Wide Web is based on HTML documents. The semantic web involves using Resource description Framework (RDF) that has data that computers use. The layout used in HTML will be stored separately such as in a CSS file. RDF and OWL can either supplement or replace the content of web documents (XHTML).

In this way, a machine can use the knowledge itself. By using the information in ways similar to human reasoning, it can create more meaningful results.

Langlade County, Wisconsin

Langlade County is a county in the U.S. state of Wisconsin. There were 19,491 people living in Langlade County as of the year 2020. Its county seat is Antigo. The U.S. Census Bureau says that the county has an area of 888 square miles.




Adams County, Wisconsin

Adams County is a county in the U.S. state of Wisconsin. There were 20,654 people living in Adams County as of the year 2020. Its county seat is Friendship. The U.S. Census Bureau says that the county has an area of 689 square miles.






Ligaria cuneifolia

Ligaria cuneifolia van Tigh, (syn. "Psittacanthus cuneifolius" (Ruiz et Pav.) Blume) is a shrubby, glabrous plant. It's fruit a globular berry. It is commonly known as “liga” (Argentina) or “quintral de espino” (Chile).



Hypersonic (disambiguation)

Hypersonic speeds are speeds that are highly supersonic.

Hypersonic can be any of the following:


Hypersonic speed

In aerodynamics, hypersonic speeds are speeds that are significantly faster than the speed of sound. Any speed faster than Mach 5 (five times faster than the speed of sound; 1,715 m/s at sea level) is said to be hypersonic. Hypersonic speeds are distinguished from supersonic speeds, because air and aircraft act very strangely at hypersonic speeds; even stranger than at supersonic speeds. 

When an aircraft is moving at hypersonic speeds, it is subject to certain special effects due to its speed. Some of these effects are:

As the plane goes faster, the density behind the shock wave increases. At the same time, the volume of the air behind the shock wave decreases. Because of this, the shock layer (the space between the aircraft's body and the shock wave) becomes very thin. This is important because it changes the way the plane has to be built.

As a plane goes faster, the entropy change across the shock wave increases. This results in a strong entropy gradient. This causes air around the aircraft to swirl like a vortex, in what is called "vortical flow." This is important because it mixes with what is called the "boundary layer" around the aircraft. A boundary layer is a small area of air around the plane which is moving slower than the air farther away from the aircraft. When the vortical flow mixes with the boundary layer, the boundary layer is disrupted, and the aircraft becomes very unstable.

At very high speeds, objects that are inside the atmosphere become very hot. This can cause the previously mentioned boundary layer of the plane to expand. When the boundary layer expands, the aircraft gets even hotter. Put simply, planes moving extremely fast experience lots and lots of drag and get very very hot. This process is caused by the viscosity of air, which is why this is called "viscous interaction."

The adjective "sonic" was first used in the 1920s, from the Latin sonus, or "sound." Ever since, it's been used not only to describe things relating to sound, but also things that travel as fast as sound.


Great Langton

Great Langton is a small village in the English county of North Yorkshire. It is 1.2 square miles in area and 116 people live there.

Leonid Hurwicz

Leonid Hurwicz (August 21, 1917 – June 24, 2008) was an American economist and mathematician. He won the 2007 Nobel Prize in Economics.

Hurwicz invented the economic sciences of incentive compatibility and mechanism design. International economy and trade is studied using the ideas Professor Hurwicz had.

Hurwicz worked as Regents Professor of Economics (head teacher of economics) at the University of Minnesota. Professor Hurwicz believed that game theory is very important. Hurwicz shared the 2007 Nobel Memorial Prize in Economic Sciences with Eric Maskin and Roger Myerson for their work on ways mechanism design.

Professor Hurwicz was born in Moscow, Russia to a Jewish family a few months before the October Revolution. His family is Polish and had lived in Congress Kingdom (the part of Poland then in the Russian Empire) but they moved to Russia to escape World War I. Soon after Professor Hurwicz was born, the family returned to Warsaw, in Poland. Hurwicz and his family were treated very badly by the Bolsheviks and Nazis because they were Jewish. He became a refugee again when Hitler invaded Poland in 1939. His parents and brother ran away to Russia where they were arrested by the Soviets and sent to labor camps. Hurwicz was forced to move to Switzerland, then to Portugal and finally in 1940 he moved to the United States. His family joined him there after some time.

Hurwicz hired Evelyn Jensen to help him teach during the 1940s. She grew up on a Wisconsin farm and was studying economics at the University of Chicago. Leonid and Evelyn got married in 1944 and later, lived on the Mississippi River parkway in Minneapolis, Minnesota. They have four children called Sarah, Michael, Ruth and Maxim.

He has interests in linguistics, archaeology, biochemistry and music. He has researched for meteorology and is a member of the National Science Foundation department for trying to control the weather. When Eugene McCarthy ran for president of the United States (1968), Hurwicz was a Minnesota delegate to the Democratic Party Convention and a member of the Democratic Party Platform Committee.

Hurwicz died of renal failure in Minneapolis, Minnesota at the age of 90.

Professor Hurwiczs father wanted him to study law and he did. In 1938 Hurwicz got a degree from Warsaw University. He enjoyed studying in economics class and went to the London School of Economics with Nicholas Kaldor and Friedrich Hayek. In 1939 he moved to Geneva where he studied at the Graduate Institute of International Studies and studied Ludwig von Mises teaching. After moving to the United States he studied more economics at Harvard University and the University of Chicago. Professor Hurwicz does not have a degree in economics but he won the Nobel prize for economics in 2007. He said, "Whatever economics I learned, I learned by listening and learning."

In 1941 Hurwicz was helping Paul Samuelson to teach at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and helping Oskar Lange to teach at the University of Chicago. At Illinois Institute of Technology during the war, Hurwicz taught electronics to the U.S. Army Signal Corps. Then from 1942 to 1944, at the University of Chicago, he was a member of the faculty of the Institute of Meteorology and taught statistics in the Department of Economics. His advisors in 1942 were Jacob Marschak and Tjalling Koopmans of the University of Chicago, who now work for the Cowles Foundation at Yale University.

Hurwicz received a Guggenheim Fellowship for 1945–1946. In 1946 he became a professor of economics at Iowa State College. From January 1942 until June 1946, he was a researcher for the Cowles Commission. He worked full-time for the Cowles Commission until October 1950 until January 1951, he was a visiting professor, teaching at classes that were taught before by Professor Koopman in the Department of Economics, and he was a very important professor there. He was also a research professor of economics and statistics at the University of Illinois, a consultant to the RAND Corporation for the University of Chicago and a consultant to the U.S. government. Hurwicz continued to be a consultant to the Cowles Commission until about 1961.
Hurwicz was given a job by Walter Heller at the University of Minnesota in 1951, where he became a professor of economics and mathematics in the School of Business Administration. Most of his work for the rest of his life was in Minnesota, but he studied and was a teacher elsewhere in the United States and Asia. In 1955 and again in 1958 Hurwicz was a visiting professor, and a fellow on the second visit, at Stanford University and there in 1959 he published "Optimality and Informational Efficiency in Resource Allocation Processes" on making rules for buyers and sellers and governments share wealth. He taught at Bangalore University in 1965 and, during the 1980s, at Tokyo University, People's University (now Renmin University of China) and the University of Indonesia. In the United States he was a visiting professor at Harvard in 1969, at the University of California, Berkeley in 1976, at Northwestern University twice in 1988 and 1989, at the University of California, Santa Barbara in 1998, the California Institute of Technology in 1999 and the University of Michigan in 2002. He was a visiting Distinguished Professor at the University of Illinois in 2001.
In the University of Minnesota in 1961, Hurwicz became chairman of the Statistics Department, Regents Professor of Economics in 1969, and Curtis L. Carlson Regents Professor of Economics in 1989. He taught subjects ranging from theory to welfare economics, public economics, rules for large companies and mathematical economics. Although he retired from full-time teaching in 1988, Hurwicz taught graduate school as Professor Emeritus in the autumn of 2006. In 2007 his ongoing research was described by the University of Minnesota as "comparison and analysis of systems and techniques of economic organization, welfare economics, game-theoretic implementation of social choice goals, and modeling economic institutions." Professor Hurwiczs published works in these fields date back to 1944. Professor Hurwicz is known internationally for his good work researching economic theory, specially with rules for big businesses and governments using mathematical economics. In the 1950s, he worked with Kenneth Arrow on non-linear programming. Kenneth Arrow became the youngest person to receive the Nobel Economics prize in 1972. Hurwicz helped Daniel McFadden, who won a Nobel prize in 2000.

Hurwiczs work was important to help show how large economic systems should be studied. Some of these systems are capitalism and socialism. Professor Hurwiczs ideas of how to share wealth are also very important. The theory of incentive compatibility that Hurwicz developed changed the way many economists think about sharing in the future, explaining why centrally planned economies may fail and how rewards for certain people make a difference when making decisions.

Hurwicz is part of teams who edit several journals. He co-edited and contributed to two collections for Cambridge University Press: "Studies in Resource Allocation Processes" (1978, with Kenneth Arrow) and "Social Goals and Social Organization" (1987, with David Schmeidler and Hugo Sonnenschein). His recent journals include "Economic Theory" (2003, with Thomas Marschak), "Review of Economic Design" (2001, with Stanley Reiter) and "Advances in Mathematical Economics" (2003, with Marcel K. Richter). Hurwicz has taught works by Fisher-Schultz (1963), Richard T. Ely (1972), David Kinley (1989) and Colin Clark (1997).

Hurwicz was voted to be a fellow of the Econometric Society in 1947 and in 1969 was the Econometric Societys president. Hurwicz was made part of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences in 1965. In 1974 he was made a part of the National Academy of Sciences and in 1977 was made a Distinguished Fellow of the American Economic Association. Hurwicz was given a National Medal of Science in 1990 by President of the United States George H. W. Bush, for studying Behaviorial and Social Science, given to him for his new work on the theories of how to share wealth in modern decentralization.

He served on the United Nations Economic Commission in 1948 and the United States National Research Council in 1954. In 1964 he was a member of the National Science Foundation Commission on Weather Modification. He is a member of the American Academy of Independent Scholars (1979) and a Distinguished Scholar of the California Institute of Technology (1984).

Hurwicz has received six honorary doctorates (PhD), from Northwestern University (1980), the University of Chicago (1993), Universitat Autònoma de Barcelona (1989), Keio University (1993), Warsaw School of Economics (1994) and Universität Bielefeld (2004). He is an honorary visiting professor of the Huazhong University of Science and Technology School of Economics (1984).

Some important things have been given Professor Hurwicz's name such as the Hurwicz criterion, an idea that Professor Hurwicz had in 1950, and is thought of as very important for economics. The Hurwicz Criterion is also called "under uncertainty". Hurwicz had the idea of putting Abraham Walds work together with work done by Pierre-Simon Laplace in 1812. The Hurwicz Criterion tells people to think very carefully of what is good and what is bad before making decisions. Different types of the Hurwicz Criterion have been thought of. Leonard Jimmie Savage made some changes to the first Hurwiczs criterion in 1954. The four peoples work – Laplace, Wald, Hurwicz and Savage – that the Hurwicz Criterion has been based on was studied, corrected and used for over fifty years by many different people including John Milnor, G. L. S. Shackle, Daniel Ellsberg, R. Duncan Luce and Howard Raiffa, but some people say the work was started by Jacob Bernoulli.

The Leonid Hurwicz Distinguished Lecture is given to the Minnesota Economic Association. John Ledyard (2007), Robert Lucas, Roger Myerson, Edward C. Prescott, James Quirk, Nancy Stokey and Neil Wallace are some of the people who have given the lecture since it was thought to be important in 1992.

In October 2007, Hurwicz shared "The Sveriges Riksbank Prize in Economic Sciences in Memory of Alfred Nobel" with Eric Maskin of the Institute for Advanced Study and Roger Myerson of the University of Chicago "for having laid the foundations of mechanism design theory." During a telephone interview, a member of the Nobel Foundation told Hurwicz and his wife that Hurwicz is the oldest person ever to win the Nobel Prize. Hurwicz said, "I hope that others who deserve it also got it." When he was asked what the most important part of mechanism design is, he said welfare economics. The three Nobel prize winners used game theory work by mathematician John Forbes Nash, to discover the best way to reach a good outcome, without forgetting individual people. Mechanism design has been used as a guide for talks and taxation, voting and elections, to design auctions such as those for communications bandwidth, elections and labor talks and for pricing business stocks.

Professor Hurwicz was not able to attend the Nobel Prize ceremony in Stockholm because of his age, Hurwicz received the prize in Minneapolis. Accompanied by Evelyn, his wife for sixty years, and his family, he was the most important guest at a meeting in the University of Minnesota with the university president Robert Bruininks. After watching the Nobel Prize awards ceremony on television, Jonas Hafstrom, the Swedish ambassador to the United States, awarded the Economics Prize to Professor Hurwicz.




Virtual private network

A virtual private network, or VPN is a set of technologies which are used to link computers to create a private network. Another network is used to carry the data, which is encrypted. The carrier network will see the packets of data which it routes. To the users of the VPN, it will look like the computers were directly connected to each other.

The VPN model can guarantee the following:

In a business context, VPNs are often used to connect different office locations or to allow people working from outside the company network to access its resources. VPNs are a crucial tool for securing sensitive data and enabling secure remote access for employees, especially with the rise of remote work. Businesses are turning to VPNs to create a secure and encrypted connection for employees accessing company data from remote locations, ensuring that work websites that cannot be accessed on the normal internet can be securely accessed. Additionally, VPNs provide a safe and encrypted connection for employees to access company resources, protecting sensitive data from cyber threats. 

Similarly, the encryption process allows VPNs to offer anonymity by hiding the user and making it very hard for anyone to track them. As a result, VPNs help make one's online activities on the web anonymous and undecipherable.

VPNs are often used to access websites that are blocked in some countries, like China. Many people also use a VPN to protect their internet activity while using public WiFi.

VPNs can also be used to connect corporate offices to the larger branch offices, also known as site-to-site VPN. This is because direct network connections are impractical between offices that are physically distant.
Common VPN protocols include OpenVPN, Cisco AnyConnect, and IPsec.



2. Farnaat. VPN Full Explanation ModzMania

Dial-up

Dial-up internet access, usually just called Dial-up, is a slow way of connecting to the Internet by using a telephone line. A modem is connected between a computer and a telephone line and then the modem is instructed to dial the phone number of an Internet service provider (ISP) to connect to the Internet. The ISP must be a dial-up service provider with several dial-up modems waiting to accept dial-up calls. This kind of internet is slower than DSL. 

In most parts of the world, dial-up service was the most common way of connecting to the internet in the late 20th century. Since the middle of the 2000s it has become uncommon, being largely replaced by DSL and cable modem where those are not too expensive. 

IPass

iPass Inc is an American multinational company headquartered in Redwood Shores, California. iPass provides Internet access on wireless-enabled devices. iPass was first incorporated in California in July 1996 and later reincorporated in Delaware in June 2000. The company’s stock was added to the NASDAQ on July 24, 2003.

iPass was founded in January 1996 by Chris Moore. Moore was replaced by Michael H. Mansouri, who took the position of Chairman, President and CEO in 1999, serving until 2001.Kenneth Denman succeeded Mansouri as President and CEO in 2001, later assuming the position of Chairman in 2003. 

In July 2003, iPass successfully issued its IPO, raising over $100 million.

In 2004, iPass launched a policy orchestration initiative to integrate patch management, assessment and remediation of remote and mobile computers into its connectivity platform. In pursuing this initiative, iPass acquired two companies in 2004: Safe3w, which developed patented dynamic device “fingerprinting” technology, and Mobile Automation, which specialized in mobile device management.

Two years later, iPass acquired GoRemote Internet Communications, a former rival in the corporate remote access market. In the midst of these acquisitions, iPass recorded year-end revenue growth, despite declining revenues from the company’s traditional dial-up business. In fact, total revenues grew to $192 million by the end of 2007.

In 2008, the company appointed Evan Kaplan as CEO and President to replace Denman. During Kaplan's tenure, iPass began to build a service delivery platform for its new enterprise mobility services. By January 2010, the company delivered the first version of its cloud-based platform, iPass Open Mobile.

2015 ushered in a change in iPass’ executive team, beginning with the appointment of Gary Griffiths to the position of CEO and President. Griffiths and his newly appointed Chief Commercial Officer, Patricia Hume, pursued a new growth strategy for mobility services, launching iPass Unlimited, a per-user, per-month, fixed fee subscription for unlimited Wi-Fi usage. iPass also prioritized strategic partner procurement in 2015, which resulted in the expansion of its network of global hotspots from 18 million to 50 million. The company also undertook enhancements to its products and applications. In November 2015, iPass announced proprietary technology, iPass SmartConnect.

iPass is a cloud-based service manager that connects users and devices to the company’s global Wi-Fi footprint.  In its most simple form, it is an application, downloaded by service users to laptops, tablets, or smartphones, to identify and connect to iPass hotspots. It is compatible with Automatic Credential Assignment.

Derived from the company’s connectivity intellectual property, the app is powered by iPass SmartConnect, iPass’ Wi-Fi service platform, which identifies and rates access points based on factors such as signal strength, speed, bandwidth availability, and connection success rate. iPass SmartConnect also incorporates Last Mile VPN security, profile settings, Wi-Fi connectivity, and network curation to expand the network of available hotspots.

The platform also includes a proprietary scalable reporting and transaction clearing back-end.

The company has a global authentication fabric of integrated servers and software, interconnected with over 160 distinct global Wi-Fi networks. This infrastructure gives the company’s aggregated hotspots the look and feel of iPass hotspots. With the addition of iPass SmartConnect, the architecture now opens avenues for improving connection success, real-time monitoring of network outages, and least-cost network routing .

iPass has a Wi-Fi network footprint and supply chain that consists of approximately 50 million hotspots in over 100 countries, including major airports, convention centers, planes, trains, train stations, hotels, restaurants, retail, and small business locations. This network footprint includes millions of community and free hotspots.


Shai Hulud (band)

Shai Hulud is a hardcore punk band with progressive metal influences formed in Pompano Beach, Florida in 1995.



Lloyds Bank

Lloyds TSB is one of world's largest banks. It is based on Gresham Street in the city of London and has business all over the world including the US, Europe, Middle East, Asia and Latin America.

Lloyds Banking Group is a British financial institution formed through the acquisition of HBOS by Lloyds TSB in 2009. It is one of the UK's largest financial services organisations, with 30 million customers and 65,000 employees. Lloyds Bank was founded in 1765 but the wider Group's heritage extends over 320 years, dating back to the founding of the Bank of Scotland by the Parliament of Scotland in 1695.

The Group's headquarters are located at 25 Gresham Street in the City of London, while its registered office is on The Mound in Edinburgh. It also operates office sites in Birmingham, Bristol, West Yorkshire and Glasgow. The Group also has extensive overseas operations in the US, Europe, the Middle East and Asia. Its headquarters for business in the European Union is in Berlin, Germany.

The business operates under a number of distinct brands, including Lloyds Bank, Halifax, Bank of Scotland and Scottish Widows. Former Chief Executive António Horta-Osório told "The Banker", "We will keep the different brands because the customers are very different in terms of attitude".

Lloyds Banking Group is listed on the London Stock Exchange (LSE) and is a constituent of the FTSE 100 Index. It had a market capitalisation of approximately £30.65 billion as of 1 August 2022 — the 19th-largest of any LSE listed company — and has a secondary listing on the New York Stock Exchange in the form of American depositary receipts.

In 2009 Lloyds TSB merged with HBOS (Halifax Bank of Scotland) to make Lloyds Banking Group, this now uses three brands on the high street, Lloyds TSB, Halifax and Bank of Scotland.


Gresham Street

Gresham Street is a street in the City of London, it is named after Thomas Gresham and runs from St. Martin's Le Grand near St Paul's Cathedral in the west, past Guildhall, to Lothbury in the east.

Thomas Gresham

Sir Thomas Gresham (c. 1519 – 21 November 1579) was an English merchant who worked for King Edward VI of England and for Edward's half-sister Queen Elizabeth I of England. He was born in London in an old Norfolk family, he was the son of Sir Richard Gresham and had one brother and two sisters. Gresham's law was named after him in 1858.

List of Renaissance artists

Renaissance artists are artists from the Renaissance period of Europe, which started in the late 14th century (~1370). This list includes famous painters and sculptors.

Each artist is listed with their dates, place of birth, some places that they worked, their media (the type of artwork that they made), one or two most famous works and some art galleries where their works can be seen.

Louvre, National Gallery, London;

Kunsthistorisches Museum, Vienna
Metropolitan Museum, New York


Rose Bowl Game

The Rose Bowl Game is an American college football bowl game at the Rose Bowl (stadium) in Pasadena, California. It is known as the "granddaddy of them all" because it has been played every year since 1916. It is almost always played on January 1 after Pasadena's Rose Parade. For many years, the two teams who played were the winner of the Pac-10 (a football conference of colleges on the West Coast) and the winner of the Big 10 (a football conference of collleges in the Midwest). In 1998, the game became part of the Bowl Championship Series. USC has won the game 24 times.

<nowiki>*</nowiki> denotes BCS National Championship Game<br>
<nowiki>**</nowiki> Following the attack on Pearl Harbor, the 1942 game was moved to Duke University's Wallace Wade Stadium in Durham, North Carolina, as officials were wary of allowing such a large crowd to congregate anywhere on the West Coast due to World War II security concerns.


Fiesta Bowl

The Fiesta Bowl is an American college football bowl game at the University of Phoenix Stadium near Phoenix, Arizona. It is the newest of the BCS games, as it was first played in 1971. It has usually matched a team from the Western Athletic Conference or the Big 12 against a very good team from another conference.


Sugar Bowl

The Sugar Bowl is an American college football bowl game at the Louisiana Superdome.


Uffizi

The Uffizi Gallery (Italian: "Galleria degli Uffizi"), is one of the oldest and most famous art museums in the world. It is housed in the Palazzo degli Uffizi which means the "Palace of Offices" in Florence, Italy. 

In 1560, Cosimo I de' Medici, the Duke of Tuscany, ordered a design of new office buildings for the magistrates of Florence. This is why the building is called the ""Uffizi"" ("offices"). The designer was Giorgio Vasari and the buildings were continued by Alfonso Parigi and Bernardo Buontalenti and finished in 1581. 

The offices are in two parts which face each other across a courtyard. One end opens onto the town square and the other opens onto the River Arno. Varsari designed a sort of screen, like a backdrop in an Ancient Greek theatre. It has arches through which the view of the river can be seen. 

Duke Cosimo had a plan to arrange that finest works of art in the Medici families' collections on the upper floor. This was not done until the time of Francesco I. He also commissioned Buontalenti to design the most the famous room in the Uffizi, an octagonal room called the "Tribune of the Uffizi". This room contained many of the best paintings. Rich people would often send their sons on a "Grand Tour" of Europe. The Tribune of the Uffizi was one of the important sights on the tour. At first, people could only see the gallery by "request". (They would ask politely and perhaps be shown around.) The last Medici heiress, Anna Maria Lodovica, made an agreement with the city of Florence. In 1765 the Uffizi Gallery was officially opened to the public. 

The collection of artworks is so large that some of the works are in other museums in Florence. Many of the statues are in the Bargello. Today the Uffizi is one of the most popular tourist attractions of Florence. In high season (particularly in July), people sometimes have to wait for five hours.

Here are some of the famous paintings:

The collection also contains some famous ancient sculptures, such as the "Two Wrestlers".



Whitehall

Whitehall is a road in Westminster in London, England. It is the main street running north from Parliament Square, towards traditional Charing Cross, now at the southern end of Trafalgar Square and marked by the statue of Charles I, which is often regarded as the heart of London.

The name "Whitehall" is often used for governmental administration and as a geographic name for the district around it.

Whitehall was originally a wide road that ran up to the front of the palace. Trafalgar Square was built at its northern end in the early 19th century. The southernmost part by Parliament Square is named Parliament Street, but there is no longer any obvious difference between the two on the ground. Combined, the streets cover a total distance of about 0.6 mile (1 km).




Whitehall (disambiguation)

Whitehall is a street in London. It may also refer to:


Whitehall is also the name of several places.

In the United Kingdom:

In Ireland:

In the United States of America:



Dawlish Warren

Dawlish Warren is a small seaside resort. It is near Dawlish on the south coast of Devon, England. It is at the mouth of the Exe Estuary, and has a beach, a National Nature Reserve spanning 505 acres (2 km²) and a golf course. There is also one of Europe's largest spits in Dawlish Warren measuring over 1.5miles long and 0.5miles wide. There is a fence running down the centre of the spit to prevent people from wandering and falling into any deep parts of the salt marshes that have accumulated on the inside of the spit.


Fuchsia

Fuchsia is a genus of flowering plants. They are often purplish-red, which is where we get the colour " fuchsia". 

Fuchsia belongs to the Onagraceae family of flowering plants. Fuchsia has 110 species. It consists mostly of shrubs or small trees. 

The first, "Fuchsia triphylla", was discovered on the Caribbean island of Hispaniola (Haiti and the Dominican Republic) about 1696–1697. The discoverer was the French monk and botanist, Charles Plumier, during his third expedition to the Greater Antilles. He named the new genus after the German botanist Leonhart Fuchs (1501–1566).

Joseba Sarrionandia

Joseba Sarrionandia Uribelarrea (born April 13th 1958 in Iurreta, Biscay, Basque Country) is a Basque writer. He has written many poetry books, short stories, and novels. In 1985, Sarrionandia escaped from prison after he was put in for being a member of the Basque armed group ETA. Since then, he has lived in secret but he still writes books. He is one of the best-known contemporary Basque writers.

Sarrionandia studied the Basque language and earned a PhD in Basque Philology from the University of Deusto in Bilbao. He was a Basque language teacher and taught phonetics. His writings were published in a number of Basque magazines. He also translated books by Samuel Taylor Coleridge, Konstantino Kavafis, T. S. Eliot and Fernando Pessoa into the Basque language.

In 1980 Sarrionandia was arrested by Spanish police for being a member of ETA. He was sentenced to 22 years in prison. In 1985 he escaped from prison with Iñaki Pikaea during a concert in the jail with Basque singer Imanol Larzabal. They hid themselves inside a loudspeaker. The Basque rock group Kortatu wrote the song "Sarri, Sarri" in honor of this. He has lived in secret since his escape and writes a lot about exile. 

Sarrionandia has written books and poems which have been sung by different Basque singers. There's also an audio book called "Hau da ene ondasun guzia" of Sarrionandia reading his own poems as well as many songs performed by different singers.


The blacksmith slave
Captive in the rainforests of the West
they brought yo to Rome, slave,
they gave you the blacksmith work
and you make chains.
The red iron that you carry out the oven
can be adapted as you want,
you can make swords
in order that your people could break the chains,
but you, this slave,
you make chains, more chains.

James II

James II can mean:

SpongeBob SquarePants (character)

SpongeBob SquarePants is the main protagonist of the Nickelodeon cartoon "SpongeBob SquarePants". He is a yellow sea sponge who loves his job as a fry cook at the Krusty Krab. SpongeBob lives in a pineapple with his pet snail Gary. SpongeBob was first seen on May 1, 1999 in the show's television pilot ("Help Wanted"). He is voiced by Tom Kenny.

SpongeBob continues to inspire children of all ages and even adults. To this day, he is seen as a role model for many teenagers age 13-25. His family is his father Harold, his mother Margaret, his uncle Sherm, his uncle Blue, his grandfather Grandpa SquarePants, his grandmother Grandma SquarePants, his grandmother Grandma BubbleBottom, his cousin Stanley, his cousin Larry, his cousin BlackJack, and his cousin Todd.

SpongeBob is a yellow sea sponge. He lives in Bikini Bottom, an underwater town. He loves his job as the Krusty Krab's fry cook. He works for Mr. Krabs, who owns the Krusty Krab. His neighbor Squidward Tentacles works at the Krusty Krab as a cashier. SpongeBob like to fish for jellyfish. He plays karate with his friend Sandy Cheeks. He is also good at blowing bubbles.

SpongeBob's best friend is his neighbor Patrick Star. SpongeBob lives in a pineapple that is used as a house. He has a snail as a pet named Gary. Because SpongeBob is very happy, he thinks that everyone else around him is too. For example, he likes to be with Squidward, who does not like SpongeBob. SpongeBob wants to get a driver's license at Mrs. Puff's school for driving. However, he has failed every driving test.
SpongeBob is known for having an antagonistic side and plays a villainous role in several episodes, mainly due to annoying Squidward and Mrs. Puff.

In "Help Wanted", he flung numerous flying burgers at Patrick, not caring that he attacked his best friend (although this may have not been on purpose).

In "Sandy's Rocket", he caused a helicopter crash prior to the events of the episode, leading to dozens of deaths as shown by graves.

In "CreamBob ConePants", he and Patrick devoured the residents of Pint Bottom, leaving the town deserted.

In "Hall Monitor", he pretended to be the "Open Window Maniac", causing two people to get scared and run away.

In "Demolition Doofus", he crashed into cars two times when Mrs. Puff told him to stop.

Lorenzo Milani

Fr Lorenzo Milani Comparetti (May 27, 1923 – June 26, 1967) was a priest of the Catholic Church in Italy. He is best known as an educator of poor children, and being for conscientious objection.

Ariel Rubinstein

Ariel Rubinstein (born April 13, 1951 in Jerusalem) is an Israeli economist. He is a professor of economics at Tel Aviv University and New York University. Rubinstein writes about game theory.


Mosaic

Mosaic is the art of decorating a surface with pictures and patterns made of little pieces of stone, glass or tiles of different colours. 

Mosaics can be used indoors on walls, floors and ceilings. Mosaics are sometimes used outdoors on pavements.

Mosaics are made by setting coloured pieces into "mortar" (cement) which sets hard and holds the pieces in place. Some mosaics are made of round pebbles, and have only two or three colours. Other mosaics are made of marble. Many mosaics, particularly in Italy, are made of terracotta tiles. (Terracotta is "fired" clay that has been baked in an oven.) Terracotta tiles come in many colours and can be used for colourful pictures as well as patterns. 

Some tiles look as if they are made of pure gold. These tiles are actually made of glass and have a very thin "leaf" of gold stuck to one side. The side with the gold gets put into the mortar. Then the gold can be seen through the glass, but cannot be scratched off.

Mosaics often last for a very long time. There are still plenty of mosaics which were made by the Ancient Romans. They can be seen in Italy, England, France, as well as other countries that were once part of the Roman Empire. 

Many beautiful mosaics date from the early Christian and Byzantine eras, from about 300 AD to 1400, in Italy, Greece, and other countries. The mosaics in churches usually have pictures which tell Bible stories.

Mosaics were a popular way to decorate churches in Italy in the Medieval period. They were not popular in England, France, Germany and countries of Northern Europe because they preferred to use stained glass windows as decoration. In Italy, the most famous church with its interior decorated with mosaics is St. Mark's Basilica, Venice. At Westminster Cathedral in London, (which is built in an Italian style) the mosaic decoration which was started more than 100 years ago is still continuing, bit by bit. Many of the mosaics at St. Mark's and Westminster Cathedral have gold backgrounds. 

Nowadays mosaics are still used in all sorts of ways. Mosaics are most often used to brighten up public places in cities. Modern mosaics are made of all sorts of materials: mosaic tiles, bathroom tiles, broken roof tiles, broken dishes, broken mirrors, bits of metal and old bricks.


Odilon Redon

Odilon Redon (April 22, 1840 – July 6, 1916) was a Symbolist painter and printmaker, born in Bordeaux, Aquitaine, France.

Redon started drawing as a young child, and at the age of 10 he was given a drawing prize at school. At age 15, he began official study in drawing but he later on switched to architecture because his father told him to. His failure to pass the entrance exams at Paris’ École des Beaux-Arts ended any plans for a career as an architect, although he would later study there under Jean-Léon Gerôme.

Back home in his home town of Bordeaux, he took up sculpture, and Rodolphe Bresdin instructed him in etching and lithography. However, his artistic career was halted in 1870 when he joined the army to serve in the Franco-Prussian War.

At the end of the war, he moved to Paris, working almost only in charcoal and lithography. It would not be until 1878 that his work gained any recognition with "Guardian Spirit of the Waters", and he published his first album of lithographs, called "Dans le Rêve", in 1879. Still, Redon remained unknown until the appearance in 1884 of a cult novel by Joris-Karl Huysmans titled, "À rebours (Against Nature)". The story featured a decadent aristocrat who collected Redon's drawings. 

In the 1890s, he began to use pastel and oils, which featured in most of his works for the rest of his life. In 1899, he exhibited with the Nabis at Durand-Ruel's. In 1903 he was given the Legion of Honor. His popularity increased when a catalogue of etchings and lithographs was published by André Mellerio in 1913 and that same year, he was given the largest single representation at the New York Armory Show. 

In 2005 the Museum of Modern Art launched an exhibition called "Beyond The Visible", a comprehensive overview of Redon's work showcasing more than 100 paintings, drawings, prints and books from The Ian Woodner Family Collection. The exhibition ran from October 30, 2005 to January 23, 2006. 


Pinniped

Pinnipeds are the seals and their relatives, a group of semi-aquatic marine mammals. The Pinnipedia is in the Order Carnivora. 
There are three seal families: Odobenidae (walruses), Otariidae (eared seals, including sea lions and fur seals), and Phocidae (true seals). 

Seals are sleek-bodied and barrel-shaped. Their bodies are well adapted to the aquatic habitat where they spend most of their lives. Pinnipeds have flippers for hands, big bulky bodies, doggish faces, and big eyes. Unlike cetaceans, pinnipeds have their noses on their faces, and each nostril of the nose closes when the pinniped goes underwater. Like cetaceans, pinnipeds have a thick layer of blubber (fat) just under their skin: this blubber keeps them warm in cold waters and keeps them fed during times when food is not easily found. When they cannot find food, they live off the fat in the blubber.

Pinnipeds are carnivorous. This means they eat only meat (such as fish or squid) and not plants. However, almost all pinnipeds can be eaten by polar bears, sharks and killer whales.

Seals are often trained in zoos or aquariums to put on shows. However, in Sweden, it is illegal to train a seal to balance a ball on its nose.

Pinnipeds sleep in the water. They may also sleep on land. In both environments, there is a danger. At least in the northern hemisphere, there is danger from polar bears on land, and in the water, there is danger from sharks. While sleeping in water, the animals go through different stages of sleep. They do some behaviors during sleep: they come to the surface occasionally to breathe, and they now and then open an eye for a period of time. The details vary in different species or groups. Similar adaptations are found in cetaceans like dolphins.




Wizards of Waverly Place

Wizards of Waverly Place is a 2007 Disney Channel television series. It is about a family of wizards. The children are Alex Russo, Justin Russo, and Max Russo. They are training as wizards. Only the best wizard in the family gets to keep their powers. Their dad is Jerry Russo. Their mom is Theresa Russo. Alex's best friend is Harper Finkle.



"Wizards of Waverly Place: Wizard School" is a 4 episode DVD, which was released on July 29, 2008 in the US.



Cory in the House

Cory in the House is a 2007 Disney Channel television series. The series is a spin off of "That's So Raven". It is about a boy named Cory Baxter who lives in the White House, the residence of the President of the United States. Cory lives in the White House because his dad is the chef. Cory's best friends are Newt and Meena. His rival is Jason. He thinks that Sophie, the President's daughter, is a pest.



The DVD, "All Star Edition", was released on August 7, 2007.

"Wish Gone Amiss" released on November 27, 2007. This DVD included three episodes. Each episode was from a different Disney Channel series. The episodes were about the main characters of the series making a wish. The other series included on this DVD were "Hannah Montana" and "The Suite Life of Zack & Cody".




John A. Macdonald

Sir John Alexander Macdonald (January 11, 1815 – June 6, 1891) was the first Prime Minister of Canada. He was an important influence on the Canadian Confederation, July 1, 1867. Macdonald was in office from 1867 to 1873 and again from 1878 to 1891, making him the second longest-serving Prime Minister of Canada and the only one to win six majority governments.

One of the things Macdonald wanted to do was to build a transcontinental railway that would link Canada from the Atlantic Ocean to the Pacific Ocean. That railway, called the Canadian Pacific Railway, was completed in 1885.

Macdonald did not speak French as well as the Prime Ministers who came after him. He could speak Scottish Gaelic and a bit of Latin.

Macdonald had four siblings. He was the third of five children.


Justice League

The Justice League is a fictional DC Comics superhero team. It is sometimes called the Justice League of America (JLA).

The Justice League first appeared in the comic book "The Brave and the Bold #28" in 1960. The first members were Superman, Batman, Wonder Woman, Flash, Green Lantern, Aquaman, and the Martian Manhunter.

Over time, many other superheroes have been members of the Justice League. Some examples are: Green Arrow, Atom, Hawkman, Black Canary, Captain Marvel, Plastic Man, Elongated Man, Booster Gold and Skeet and The Question. Many other superheroes joined the justice league.

Many different comic book series have featured the Justice League. The current series are Justice League (Volume 4) and Justice League Odessey.

Several television cartoons have also featured the Justice League, such as: "Super Friends", "Justice League", and "Justice League Unlimited".

The Justice League has had many headquarters. These include the Hall of Justice, the Justice League Satellite, and the Justice League Watchtower.

There is a 2017 action-adventure film based on "The Justice League" with the same name. The movie included Batman, Superman, The Flash, Cyborg, Aquaman and Wonder Woman. Another version of the movie, titled "Zack Snyder's Justice League", was released in 2021.

Even Stevens

Even Stevens is a Disney Channel television series about an American family. It is mostly about the fights between a girl named Ren and her brother, Louis. Ren likes doing everything right. Louis likes having fun, even if it means breaking rules and getting in trouble.


1. Swap.com

2. Stevens Genes

3. Take My Sister... Please

4. What'll Idol Do?

5. All About Yvette

6. Louis in the Middle

7. Foodzilla

8. Family Picnic

9. Scrub Day

10. Easy Way

11. Secrets and Spies

12. Deep Chocolate

13. After Hours

14. Battle of the Bands

15. Heck of a Hanukkah

16. Luscious Lou

17. Get a Job

18. Movie Madness

19. Strictly Ballroom

20. Almost Perfect

21. A Weak First Week

22. Starstruck

23. Shutterbugged

24. Duck Soup

25. Quest for Coolness

26. Secret World of Girl

28. Thin Ice

29. Head Games

30. Love and Basketball

31. Devil Mountain

32. Wild Child

33. Easy Crier

34. A Very Scary Story

35. Sadie Hawkins Day

36. Sibling Rivalry

37. Wombat Wuv

38. Uncle Chuck

39. The Thomas Gribalski Affair

40. Ren-Gate

41. Tight End in Traction

42. Influenza: The Musical

43. Gutter Queen

44. The Kiss

45. Where in the World is Pookie Stevens?

46. My Best Friend's Girlfriend

47. Your Toast

48. Band on the Roof

49. Little Mr. Sacktown

50. Raiders of the Lost Sasuage

51. Close Encounters of the Beans Kind

52. Short Story

53. Hutch Boy

54. Hardly Famous

55. The King Sloppy

56. Boy on a Rock

57. Dirty Work

58. The Big Splash

59. Beans on the Brain

60. Snow Job

61. Stevens Manor

62. Model Principal

63. Surf's Up

64. In Ren We Trust

65. Leavin' Stevens

Trojan asteroid

Trojan objects orbit 60° ahead (L4) or behind (L5) a more massive object. Both are in orbit around an even more massive central object. The best known example are the asteroids that orbit ahead or behind Jupiter around the Sun. Trojan objects do not orbit exactly at one of either Lagrange points, but do remain close to it, appearing to slowly orbit it.

The largest group of asteroids known to move around the Sun are those with the planet Jupiter. There are two groups of Jovian Trojans, one group on each side of Jupiter.

In 1772 the French mathematician and astronomer Joseph-Louis Lagrange identified two spots in a planet's orbit which were gravitationally stable. If put there, an object would stay there. Lagrange predicted the existence of a group of small bodies in each of the two stable points in Jupiter’s orbit.

The term originally referred to the Trojan asteroids orbiting around Jupiter's Lagrangian points, which are by convention named after figures from the Trojan War of Greek mythology. By convention, the asteroids orbiting Jupiter's L point are named after the heroes from the Greek side of the war, while those at L are from the Trojan side. The two exceptions, the Greek-themed 617 Patroclus and the Trojan-themed 624 Hektor, were actually assigned to the wrong sides.

In 1904, Edward Emerson Barnard was the first person to see a Trojan asteroid. Barnard thought it was a moon of the planet Saturn. In February 1906 a German astronomer named Max Wolf saw a Trojan asteroid and named it 588 Achilles. Wolf was the first person to see a Trojan asteroid and know what it was. Since that time, more than 2000 Trojan asteroids have been seen. The biggest Trojan asteroid is named 624 Hektor. 624 Hektor is 370 km across. Astronomers think that Trojan asteroids are made of ice and dust.

Later, objects were found orbiting the Lagrangian points of Neptune, Mars, and Earth. Asteroids at the Lagrangian points of planets other than Jupiter may be called Lagrangian asteroids.


Astronomers have found a Trojan asteroid not far from Earth, moving in the same orbit around the Sun. It sits in one of the 'Lagrange points', which are 60 degrees ahead of or behind the planets in their orbits. These are points of gravitational stability.

Called 2010 TK, the rock is about 80 million km from Earth, and should come no closer than about 25 million km. The team says its orbit appears stable at least for the next 10,000 years.

An orbiting telescope sensitive to infrared light found 2010 TK7. Wise, the Wide-field Infrared Survey Explorer launched in 2009, examined more than 500 Near-Earth objects (NEOs), 123 of which were new to science. Follow-up work on the Canada-France-Hawaii Telescope confirmed the status of 2010 TK7.



Christopher Lloyd

Christopher Allen Lloyd or simply Chris Lloyd and mostly Christopher Lloyd (born October 22, 1938) is an American actor. He has appeared in theater productions, films, stage, television and video game work since 1961 and is most famous for the movies "Back to the Future" (as Dr. Emmett Brown) and "The Addams Family (as Uncle Fester)", the television programs "Taxi" (as Rev. Jim Ignatowski) and "Cyberchase (as The Hacker)", and "Piranha 3D (as Mr. Goodman)".


The Buzz on Maggie

The Buzz on Maggie is an American animated television series produced by Walt Disney Television Animation and Bardel Entertainment. It is about a fly named Maggie. The show takes place in a world of talking insects. The show had two different stories in each episode. The show was cancelled after only one season of twenty-one episodes. The series premiered airs at 9:30 a.m. ET/PT time on June 18, 2005 on Disney Channel in the United States and on Teletoon in Canada.



Green Arrow

Green Arrow is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics. Green Arrow was created by Mort Weisinger and George Papp and first appeared in More Fun Comics #73 in 1941. His secret identity is Oliver Jonas Queen and his friends call him Ollie. He is a billionaire and once was a mayor of the fictional city Star City.

Green Arrow is a superhero, but lacks any superpowers. He is similar in appearance and abilities to Robin Hood. Green Arrow is an archer who uses his expert skill in archery to fight crime. He wanted to help citizens when he fell off his boat and got stranded on an island. He also is a highly trained martial artist. Green Arrow is blond, dresses all in green, and as a goatee beard.

Green Arrow uses many trick arrows to fight crime plus supervillains. For example, trick arrows include: glue arrows, net arrows, explosive arrows, grappling hook arrows, and boxing-glove arrows.

Since 1970 Green Arrow has usually been written as being explicitly left-wing politically and fighting for social justice.

Green Arrow has been a member of the Justice League and the Outsiders.

Green Arrow was not initially a well-known character outside of comic book fandom: he had appeared in a single episode of the animated series "Super Friends" in 1973. In the 2000s, the character appeared in a number of DC television properties, including the animated series "Justice League Unlimited", "Young Justice", "The Batman" and "", and several DC Universe Animated Original Movies. In live action, he appeared in the series "Smallville", played by actor Justin Hartley, and became a core cast member. In 2012, the live action series "Arrow" debuted on The CW, in which the title character was portrayed by Stephen Amell, and launching several spin-off series, becoming the starting point for a shared television franchise called the Arrowverse.

Green Arrow was romantically linked with Black Canary for many years.

Green Arrow originally had a sidekick, and adopted son, named Speedy. Speedy's real name is Roy Harper. Roy Harper now is the superhero Red Arrow.

Green Arrow also has a biological son named Conner Hawke. When Oliver Queen died, Connor Hawke became Green Arrow. Oliver Queen was later resurrected by Hal Jordan, and retook the role of Green Arrow.

Aquaman

Aquaman (Arthur Curry) is a fictional comic book superhero published by DC Comics. Aquaman was created by Paul Norris and Mort Weisinger and first appeared in More Fun Comics #72 in November, 1941.

During the Silver Age of Comic Books, Aquaman was a founding member of the Justice League of America.

Aquaman's biography and origin has been reinvented several times since 1941. Aquaman has several superhuman powers. He can breathe underwater and swim at very high speeds. Aquaman has super strength and is very hard to injure. Aquaman's most famous ability is to communicate and command marine animals.

Aquaman has appeared in several cartoon series, such as the Super Friends, and also in the live-action TV series "Smallville", with Superman. Jason Momoa played Aquaman in the 2016 movie "", the 2017 movie "Justice League", the 2018 movie "Aquaman," the 2021 movie "Zack Snyder's Justice League," and the 2023 movie "Aquaman and the Lost Kingdom".

Green Lantern

Green Lantern is the name of several fictional superheroes that appear in comic books published by DC Comics. The first was Alan Scott and was created by writer Bill Finger and artist Martin Nodell in All-American Comics #16 in July 1940.

The most famous is Hal Jordan and was created by John Broome and Gil Kane in Showcase #22 in October 1959.

Each Green Lantern wears a power ring that allows the Green Lantern to control the physical world by strength of will.

Alan Scott was the Golden Age Green Lantern and his ring was powered by magic.

All of the Green Lanterns since then have worn rings that were not magic, but advanced technology. The Guardians of the Universe created the power rings and granted them to worthy candidates throughout the galaxy. These individuals make up the Green Lantern Corps, an intergalactic police force.

there are other lantern corps which represent different emotions and like Willpower the rings are only given to people who display a lot of a certain emotion, good or bad but not all.

Blue Lantern corps "Hope"

Red Lantern corps "Anger"

Orange Lantern corps "Greed"

Yellow Lantern corps "Fear"

Black Lantern corps "Death"

White Lantern corps "Rebirth"

Indigo Lantern corps "Compassion"

Green Lantern corps "Willpower"

Hal Jordans archenemy is Sinestro of the yellow lantern corps.

Alan Scott was a young engineer when he found a metal lantern that glowed with a magical green flame. The flame told Alan how to build a ring. Alan used the power of the ring to fight crime. Alan was a founding member of the Justice Society of America.

Alan Scott's power ring had to be recharged every 24 hours and did not work on wood.

Hal Jordan was an airplane test pilot. Jordan was given his power ring by a dying alien named Abin Sur, whose spaceship had crashed on Earth. Jordan was a founding member of the Justice League of America and also a member of the Green Lantern Corps.

At First Hal Jordan's power ring didn't work on anything yellow.

Hal Jordan's hometown Coast City was destroyed in the early 1990s and he went insane. Jordan destroyed the Green Lantern Corps and renamed himself Parallax. Jordan later died, sacrificing himself to reignite a dying Sun only to return from the grave as the Spectre, the divine Spirit of God's Vengeance.

Hal Jordan was later brought back to life and he once again became a Green Lantern. He also made an oath to recharge the power ring:<br>
"In brightest day, in blackest night<br>
No evil shall escape my sight,<br>
Let those who worship evil's might,<br>
Beware my power...Green lantern's light!"

Guy Gardner

Guy Gardner was the second choice of Abin Sur and the backup to Hal Jordan.

John Stewart

John Stewart, an architect, was chosen by the Guardians to replace Guy Gardner as the backup Green Lantern for Hal Jordan.

Kyle Rayner

Kyle Rayner, a freelance artist, was given the last power ring, and restored the Guardians and Corps after Jordan destroyed them as Parallax. Later Kyle became Ion, the manifestation of willpower, for a short time.

August Kopff

August Kopff (February 5 1882–April 25 1960) was a German astronomer who found many comets and asteroids.

He found some comets, such as the periodic comet 22P/Kopff and the non-periodic C/1906 E1.

He found many asteroids, such as the notable Trojan asteroids 617 Patroclus and 624 Hektor.

A crater on the Moon is named after him: see Kopff (crater).

Great Yarmouth

Great Yarmouth, often known to locals as Yarmouth, is an English coastal town in Norfolk. It is at the mouth of the River Yare.

S/2004 S 3

Even though later astronomers tried to find it again, it has not been reliably seen since. Notably, an imaging sequence covering an entire orbital period at 4 km resolution taken on 15 November, 2004 failed to find the object. This suggests that it was a clump of material that had disappeared by that time.

Another object, , was seen nearby 5 hours later, but this time just "inside" the F Ring. Because of the different location of the second object, it was given a fresh designation, although their interpretation as a single object on a F-ring crossing orbit is also possible. Such an object might also be orbiting at a bit different inclination to the F ring, thereby not actually passing through the ring material even though it was being seen both radially inward and outward of it.

If a solid object after all, would be 3−5 km in diameter based on brightness, and might be a shepherd satellite for the farther edge of Saturn's F ring.


S/2004 S 4

Even though astronomers tried to find it again, it has not been reliably seen since. Notably, an imaging sequence covering an entire orbital period at 4 km resolution taken on 15 November, 2004 failed to find the object. This suggests that it was a clump of material that had disappeared by that time.

An interpretation where S3 and S4 are or were a single object on a F-ring crossing orbit is also possible. Such an object might also be orbiting at a bit different inclination to the F ring, thereby not actually passing through the ring material even though it was being seen both radially inward and outward of it.

If a solid object after all, would be 3−5 km in diameter based on brightness.

S/2004 S 6

It was first seen by scientists in pictures taken by the Cassini-Huygens probe on October 28, 2004, and announced on 8 November that year. It appears to be the best tracked object in this area with at least five possible sightings in the period till late 2005. In comparison, two objects in the F ring's area ( and ) that were first seen months earlier have not been found again. An imaging sequence covering an entire orbital period at 4 km resolution taken on 15 November 2004, soon after it was discovered did not find the object, while it has been seen again later. The lighting conditions in 's part of the orbit were different during these two sightings. The discovery was made when the area was strongly backlit by the sun. 's visibility may be primarily due to a diffuse cloud of fine dust that is much brighter in forward scattered light (the conditions of the discovery image), and that the solid core (if any) is small.

The dusty halo seen in pictures is big, being around 2000 km in length. The solid object, if any, would be no bigger than 3−5 km in diameter based on brightness.

Joel Hastings Metcalf

Joel Hastings Metcalf (January 4, 1866–February 23, 1925) was an American astronomer.

Metcalf graduated from Harvard Divinity School in 1892. He served as a Unitarian minister in Burlington, Vermont and then later in Taunton, Massachusetts, Winchester, Massachusetts and Portland, Maine.

He found or co-found many comets, such as 23P/Brorsen-Metcalf and 97P/Metcalf-Brewington; he also found many asteroids.


Gräfendorf

Gräfendorf is a community in Main-Spessart in the "Regierungsbezirk" of Lower Franconia ("Unterfranken") in Bavaria, Germany and a member of the "Verwaltungsgemeinschaft" (Administrative Community) of Gemünden am Main.

Gräfendorf is in the Würzburg Region near Gemünden am Main.

The community has the following "Gemarkungen" (traditional rural cadastral areas) and "Ortsteile": Gräfendorf, Michelau an der Saale, Schonderfeld, Weickersgrüben, Wolfsmünster.

Imaginary number

Imaginary numbers are numbers that are made from combining a real number with the imaginary unit, called "i", where "i" is defined as formula_1. They are defined separately from the negative real numbers in that they are a square root of a negative real number (instead of a positive real number). This is not possible with real numbers, as there is no real number that will multiply by itself to get a negative number (e.g., formula_2 and formula_3). The set of imaginary numbers are sometimes denoted by the letter formula_4.

One way of thinking about imaginary numbers is to say that they are to negative numbers what negative numbers are to positive numbers. If we say "go east by -1 mile", it is the same as if we had said "go west by 1 mile". If we say "go east by i miles", it means the same thing as if we had said "go north by 1 mile". Similarly, if we say "go east by -i mile", it means the same as if we had said "go south by 1 mile".

Adding is easy too. If we say "go east by 1 + i miles" it means the same as if we had said "go east by one mile and north by one mile".

Multiplying two imaginary numbers is a lot like multiplying a positive number with a negative number. If we say "go east by 2 × -3 miles", it means "rotate all of the way around (so that you are now facing west) and go 2×3 = 6 miles". Imaginary numbers work the same, except that you can rotate part way. If we say go "east by 2×3i miles", it means the same as if we had said "rotate until you are facing north, and then go 2×3 = 6 miles"

Subtractions such as 5 - 9 used to be impossible until negative numbers were invented, just as taking the square root of a negative number used to be impossible until imaginary numbers were invented. The square root of 9 is 3, but the square root of −9 is not −3. This is because −3 x −3 = +9, not −9. For a long time, it seemed as though there was no answer to the square root of −9.

This is why mathematicians invented the imaginary number, "i", and said that it is the main square root of −1. The square root of −1 is not a real number, so this definition creates a new type of number, just like fractions create numbers like 2/3 that are not counting numbers like 4 or 10, and negative numbers create numbers that are less than 0. Sometimes, mathematicians seem rather comfortable using a number that is so unusual, but the name "imaginary" should not fool you because "i" is as valid a number as 3 or 145,379.

Many branches of science and engineering have found uses for this number. For example. electrical engineers need "i" to understand how an electric circuit will work when they are designing it (electrical engineers use "j" instead of "i" to avoid confusion with the symbol for the current). As another example. certain branches of physics such as quantum physics and high energy physics use "i" as often as they use any other regular number. Many of the equations in the world simply cannot be solved without "i".

Imaginary numbers can be mixed with numbers we are more familiar with. For example, a real number such as "2" can be added to an imaginary number such as "3i" to create "2+3i". These kinds of mixed numbers are known as complex numbers.


Eric Maskin

Eric Stark Maskin (born December 12, 1950) is an American economist. In 2007, he won the Nobel Prize in Economics with Leonid Hurwicz and Roger Myerson. He is the Albert O. Hirschman Professor of Social Science at the Institute for Advanced Study, and a visiting Professor at Princeton University.

Maskin was born in New York City, New York on December 12, 1950, to a non-religious Jewish family, and grew up in Alpine, New Jersey. He graduated from Tenafly High School in Tenafly, New Jersey in 1968, and then studied at Harvard University where he received his A.B. and Ph.D. After he got his Ph.D., Maskin went to the University of Cambridge in 1976 where he was a research fellow at Cambridge College. He taught at Massachusetts Institute of Technology from 1977-1984 and from 1985-2000 at Harvard, where he was the Louis Berkman Professor of Economics. In 2000, he moved to the Institute for Advanced Study in Princeton, New Jersey.

He has studied a wide range of subjects in economic theory, such as game theory, the economics of incentives, and contract theory. He is particularly well known for his work on mechanism design/implementation theory and dynamic games. His current research projects include comparing different rules for elections, the causes of inequality and studying coalition formation. He is a Fellow of the "American Academy of Arts and Sciences", "Econometric Society", and the "European Economic Association", and a Corresponding Fellow of the "British Academy". He was president of the "Econometric Society" in 2003.

Maskin suggested that software patents make new inventions difficult. Software, semiconductor, and computer industries have made many inventions in the past when patent laws have been weak, he argued. "In the 1980s when patent protection was extended to software," wrote Maskin. "Arguments predicted that productivity should have increased among patenting firms." Maskins ideas that this would not happen were correct. "These increases did not occur." 


Roger Myerson

Roger Bruce Myerson (born 29 March 1951) is an American economist and co-winner, with Leonid Hurwicz and Eric Maskin, of the 2007 Nobel Prize in Economics "for having laid the foundations of mechanism design theory." He has made contributions as an economist, as an applied mathematician, and as a political scientist.

Roger Myerson was born on March 29, 1951 to a Jewish family. He attended Harvard University, where he received his A.B., S.M. (1973), and Ph.D. (1976), all in applied mathematics. From 1976 to 2001, he was a professor of economics at Northwestern University's Kellogg School of Management. Currently, he is the Glen A. Lloyd Distinguished Service Professor of Economics at the University of Chicago.

Among his scientific contributions to game theory and mechanism design, the following are noteworthy:

He wrote a general textbook on game theory in 1991, and has also written on the history of game theory, including his review of the origins and significance of noncooperative game theory.

Myerson has worked on economic analysis of political institutions and written several major survey papers:

His recent work on democratization has raised critical questions about American policy in occupied Iraq.

Myerson has published the following books:


Mario Capecchi

Mario Renato Capecchi (born 6 October 1937) is an Italian-born American molecular geneticist. He won the 2007 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine with Martin Evans and Oliver Smithies. 

Capecchi is Distinguished Professor of Human Genetics and Biology at the University of Utah School of Medicine, which he joined in 1973.

Mario Capecchi was born in the Italian city of Verona in 1937. His father, Luciano Capecchi, was an Italian airman who was reported as missing in action in the Western Desert Campaign. His mother, Lucy Ramberg, was the American-born daughter of Impressionist painter Lucy Dodd Ramberg and German archaeologist Walter Ramberg. During World War II, his mother was sent to the Dachau concentration camp, as punishment for handing out pamphlets and belonging to an anti-Fascist group. Before her arrest she had sold her belongings and gave the money to a poor family near Bolzano, to give her son a place to live. After a year, the money was spent and the family was unable to care for him. At four-and-a-half years old he was left to live on the streets of northern Italy for the next four years, living in various orphanages and roving through towns with groups of other homeless children.

He almost died of hunger. His mother had been freed from Dachau and began a year-long search for him. She finally found him in a hospital bed in Reggio Emilia, ill with a fever and living one bowl of chicory coffee and bread crust each day. She took him to Rome, where he had his first bath in six years.

In 1946 his uncle, Edward Ramberg, an American physicist at RCA, sent his mother money to return to the United States. Mario and his mother moved to Pennsylvania to live at a cooperative community which had been started by his uncle. 

In 1960 Capecchi came to MIT as a graduate student to study physics and mathematics, but he soon became interested in molecular biology. He moved to Harvard to join the laboratory of James D. Watson, co-discoverer of the shape of DNA. Capecchi received his PhD in biophysics in 1967 from Harvard University.

In 1973 he joined the faculty at the University of Utah. Since 1988 Capecchi has also been an investigator of the Howard Hughes Medical Institute. He is a member of the National Academy of Sciences. He has taught for Duke University's Program in Genetics and Genomics.

After the Nobel committee announced that Capecchi had won the Nobel prize, an Austrian woman named Marlene Bonelli claimed that Capecchi was her long-lost half-brother, which he acknowledged was true.

Mario Capecchi is known for his work in gene targeting of the mouse embryonic stem cells. This helped him and others study how genes work. The work includes cloning and genetic changing. The work on gene targeting and knockout mice won the 2007 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine, jointly with Martin Evans and Oliver Smithies.

Dr. Capecchi has also pursued a systematic analysis of the mouse Hox gene family. This gene family is controls embryonic development in all multicellular animals (metazoa).



Wizard

A wizard, magician, sorceror or sorceress is a fictional or mythical person who uses magic. This ability to use magic may be due to innate ability, training, or both. Wizards are often depicted as having a special connection to supernatural beings, such as gods or fairies, or as such supernatural beings themselves.

Merlin from the Arthurian legends is one of the most well-known wizard characters.

Wizards have been portrayed as both evil and good. Dumbledore (from the "Harry Potter" series) and Gandalf (from Tolkien's Middle Earth) are fictional examples of "good" wizards. Voldemort and Saruman are corresponding examples of "evil" wizards.

Wizards are often depicted as old men with long, flowing beards, and wearing a large-brimmed hat, a thick cloak and holding a staff. This may be due to descriptions of Odin the Wanderer, a god from Norse mythology who often disguised himself thus, in order to pass through the lands of men unnoticed.

Wizards, when they are named thus, are almost always portrayed as male, but some fictional or mythical female characters seem to play the same role, sometimes as a foil character to a male wizard or other character. Notable examples include Morgan le Fay from Arthurian legends, and Circe from Greek mythology.

Nowadays, the term "wizard" is also used for someone whose accomplishments are due to unusual skill or creativity. Thomas Edison, the noted American inventor, was nicknamed "the Wizard of Menlo Park."


Kaunas

Kaunas, also known by several other names, is the second biggest city in Lithuania and used to be a temporary capital. Kaunas is found at the point where the two biggest Lithuanian rivers, the Nemunas and the Neris, meet. It is also near the Kaunas Lagoon, the largest body of water in Lithuania.

In 1361, Kaunas was first mentioned in annals of the Teutonic Knights. The knights were preparing to attack Kaunas Castle.

In 1408, Vytautas the Great gave the city Magdeburg Rights.

Warp drive

Warp drive (also called warp technology) is a hypothetical technology created in science fiction. As far as we know, it does nor exist. Its invention allowed writing books and making television and film media. 

If it takes centuries or thousands of years to get anywhere in space, then the limitations of human life becomes an obstacle. That's even assuming we could travel without humans being riddled with holes by radiation of various kinds. We are so protected on planet Earth that we forget what it's like in deep space, which is flooded with radiation.

So warp drive is invented, and so is its cousin wormholes in space. "There are no wormholes", or if they exist, we don't know it.

Warp drive and wormholes are the inventions of smart guys who make media. It is a way of moving objects faster than the speed of light. There are many examples of how this idea is used. A well-known one is found in the "Star Trek" universe, where faster-than-light travel is needed to tell the story.

Current technology does not allow anything or anyone to go at, or faster than, the speed of light. Unless the current theories are proven wrong, this will always be true. However, warp technology as a fictional idea has been an interesting way of shaping the story line to let spaceships move at speeds greater than 186,000 miles per second (speed of light through a vacuum: the known limit of speed in the universe).

Warp technology, as the name implies, 'warps space' in effect bringing a destination closer by bending space rather than the traditional 'thruster' means of propelling a spacecraft at high speeds.

Warp technology allows ships to move at warp speed. In the "Star Trek" universe, for example, the measurement of the speed that the spaceship is moving is called the warp factor. However, thrusters and impulse power propel spaceships at sub-light speed. Warp factor 1 is equal to the speed of light. The speed ranges up to warp factor 9.99. In some circumstances "Star Trek" spaceships can go faster than warp 10, although rarely.

Most of that is pure science fiction, and no evidence has been produced of any "warp drive".

In the field of quantum mechanics physicists have produced tiny wormholes, but they don't warp space time in the same way the "warp drive" concept does, rather they connect two separate points of spacetime through quantum entanglement.

Christian Heinrich Friedrich Peters

Christian Heinrich Friedrich Peters (September 19, 1813–July 18, 1890) was a German-American astronomer, and one of the first to find asteroids. 

He was born in Schleswig-Holstein, then part of Denmark but later part of Germany, and later studied under Carl Friedrich Gauss. He spoke many languages and spent time in Italy and Ottoman Turkey before going to the United States in 1854.

Working at Hamilton College in Clinton, New York (near Utica), he was a good finder of asteroids, finding 48 of them, beginning with 72 Feronia in 1861 and ending with 287 Nephthys in 1889.

He was involved in litigation in 1889 with his old assistant Charles A. Borst, and the "Great Star-Catalog Case" "Peters v. Borst" went before the Supreme Court of New York. The judge sided with Peters, but many astronomers and newspapers sided with Borst. Peters died not long after the trial end. After his death, the judgement was ultimately reversed on appeal and a new trial was ordered, but it never took place.

Besides asteroids, he co-found the Periodic comet 80P/Peters-Hartley, and also found different nebulae and galaxies.


Soest, Germany

Soest (pronounced ) is a city in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany. It is the capital of the Soest district.

Soest is along the "Hellweg" road, about 50 kilometres east of Dortmund and about west of Paderborn.


Due to the fertile soil the area around Soest was used long before 836 when the village is first mentioned in the "Dagobertsche Schenkung", although the origin of this document is historically unknown. But there is no doubt that Soest has been lived in for a long time; excavations in the last two decades have uncovered signs of people living in Soest more than 4000 years ago. In the 11th and 12th century Soest grew a lot, making it one of the biggest cities in Westphalia with some 10,000 citizens. It was also an important member of the Hanseatic League until 1609.

A self-confident Soest from 1444 to 1449 freed itself from the Bishop of Cologne, who controlled Westphalia (the so-called "Soester Fehde"). Being no longer capital of Westphalia, the city aligned itself with the Duke of Cleves. This was a Pyrrhic victory, however; the city had shown itself strong enough to defy the powerful Archbishop of Cologne, but lost much of its trade: the "freed" town was two-thirds surrounded by territories with other rulers. When the last Duke of Cleves died in 1609 that dukedom was taken by Brandenburg and after a short siege Soest was added into it. During and after the Thirty Years' War, Soest lossed a lot of people and influence; at the lowest point in 1756 it had only 3,600 citizens.

With the start of the Soest district in 1817 its influence slowly rose. However, the industrialization of the Ruhr area did not reach Soest, which continued to be a small city.

From about 1953 to 1971 there was a big garrison of Canadian soldiers and their families stationed at Soest (with the Canadian camps just east of the city in Bad Sassendorf) as well as Werl and Hemer-Iserlohn and Deilinghofen to the south west. There were also many Belgian Kasernes in Soest itself.

From 1971-1993 the old Canadian properties, such as the Married Quarters along Hiddingser Weg, south of the B-1, were used by British military and families. Upon the closing out of Belgian and British army facilities many of these military facilities either became used for civilian purposes or were not used again/destroyed. The old Married Quarters area was changed to civilian housing. The old CANEX (formerly MLS) (the Canadian Army's food and clothing store for dependent families) was changed to a NAAFI under the British and was finally demolished in 2006.

In 960, Bruno I, Archbishop of Cologne moved St Patroclus's relics from Troyes and buried them in 964 at St Patroclus's Cathedral in Soest, where he is still today honoured.

The Cathedral is a beautiful example of early medieval "Romanesque" architecture fashioned from the local greenish sandstone. Its big squared bell tower or steeple can be seen for many kilometers, rising up out of the city centre of the old city and a landmark of the Soester Boerde.

The coat of arms shows a key, which is the symbol for Saint Peter, the patron of Cologne. The coat was not changed even after Soest no longer fell within the jurisdiction of Cologne.



History of Europe

The history of Europe means all the time since the beginning of written records in the European continent up to the present day. It is traditionally divided into ancient (before the fall of the Western Roman Empire) medieval, and modern (after the fall of Constantinople).

Europe's antiquity dates from the Minoan civilization, the Myceneans and later on Homer's "Iliad" in Ancient Greece of around 700 BC. The Roman Republic was established in 509 BC, which was usurped by Octavian's new Roman Empire at its first century BC peak. The Christian religion was adopted in the fourth century, and in the sixth was organized, within the Empire, by Emperor Justinian I (527–565) with five most important cities: Rome, Constantinople, Antioch, Jerusalem and Alexandria. The fall of the Western Roman Empire was followed by a decline of Western Europe. The Byzantine Empire survived in the East. A new schism within the church's authority in 1054 was added to the earlier division that had persisted since 451. It was followed by Crusades from west to rescue the Holy Land from Muslim invasion. Feudal society began to break down, as the Black Death spread.

The Fall of Constantinople in 1453 showed the military weakness of the Christians in Eastern Europe. It is often used as a starting point for modern history. Western Christians completed the Reconquista and discovered a New World in 1492. Europe awoke from the medieval period through rediscovery of classical learning, much of which had been kept alive in the Muslim world while the Western church had rejected much of it as paganry. The Renaissance was followed by the Protestant Reformation, as priest Martin Luther attacked Papal authority. The Thirty Years War, the Treaty of Westphalia and the Glorious Revolution prepared for expansion and enlightenment.

The Industrial Revolution, beginning in Great Britain, allowed masses of people, not just the rich, to escape for the first time from lives of being always poor and barely able to afford either food or shelter. The early British Empire split as its colonies in America revolted to establish their own representative government. Political change in continental Europe was spurred by the French Revolution, as people cried out for "liberté, egalité, fraternité" (liberty, equality, brotherhood). The French leader, Napoleon Bonaparte, conquered and reformed the social structure of the continent through war up to 1815, when he met his final defeat at the Battle of Waterloo and was sent away into exile. As more and more small property holders were granted the vote, especially in France and the UK, socialist and trade union activity developed and revolution gripped Europe in 1848. The last vestiges of serfdom were abolished in Austria-Hungary in 1848. Russian serfdom was abolished in 1861. The Balkan nations began to regain their independence from the Ottoman Empire. After the Franco-Prussian War, Italy and Germany were formed, each from groups of smaller countries which spoke the same languages, in 1870 and 1871.

Conflict intensified across the globe, in a chase for empires, where powerful countries turned less powerful ones into colonies, until the outbreak, in 1914, of the biggest war that had ever been fought up to that point in time. It was called the Great War but now most often called World War I or the First World War. In the desperation of war, the Russian Revolution promised the people "peace, bread and land" and led to the end of the Russian Empire and its replacement by the formation of the Soviet Union. The defeat of Germany came at the price of economic destruction, which was formally written into the Treaty of Versailles in 1919 where it was stated that the First World War had been entirely the fault of Germany and its allies and demanded that they pay back the entire amount the war had cost.

The Great Depression began in 1929, brought about in part by the economic problems caused by the attempt to force Germany to pay for the war and in part by trade restrictions. Millions of people around the world lost their jobs. Governments changed in many countries, some by elections and some by revolutions. The governments soon fell into two main groups, those who believed in freedom and human rights and those who followed fascism. These two deeply different views led to a Second World War, which most people who write history feel began in Europe when Germany invaded Poland in 1939, but soon spread to most of the countries in the world. It took in wars which were already happening in other places, most notably the war between Japan and China. After this war Socialism spread to Central and Eastern Europe, including the relatively new Eastern European countries of Yugoslavia, Bulgaria, Romania, Albania, and in Asia North Vietnam and North Korea, and, slightly later, to Cuba in the Carribean Sea very near to North America.

The conflict between the advocates of a capitalist and a socialist economy and political system led to the Cold War, a forty-year argument between the United States and the Soviet Union, two of the countries which had worked together to win the Second World War and the two which had come out of it with the most powerful military forces. They led respectively a Western Bloc and an Eastern Bloc, dividing Europe. Each side wanted to promote their type of government. People across the world feared a nuclear war because of the tension, and Europe, divided by the Iron Curtain, was assumed to be a probable battleground.

Communism became less attractive when it became clear that it could promote economic growth less effectively than the capitalistic Western states and that it was not suited for a reform that allowed freedom of speech for everyone. Therefore, the Soviet Union forced Hungary to give up its reform in 1956, it favoured the building of the Berlin Wall in 1961 and it stopped reform in Czechoslovakia in 1968. When in 1988/89 the Soviet leader Gorbachev made clear that he would not force the countries of the East block to stick to Communism the Berlin Wall was torn down in 1989 and the Soviet Union collapsed (1991). Then the United States was the only superpower left.
Europe signed a new treaty of union, which included 27 European countries in 2007.




World Games

The World Games are an international multi-sport event. The sports played at The World Games are sports which are not played in the Olympic Games. They are governed by the International World Games Association.

The first World Games were held in 1981 in Santa Clara, California. Since then, they are held every four years, the year after the Summer Olympics.

42 sports are part of The World Games. There are many disciplines for some sports. Not all of the sports are played at every World Games event.

Peace of Westphalia

The Peace of Westphalia refers to the pair of peace treaties, the Treaty of Osnabrück and the Treaty of Münster, signed on May 15 and October 24 of 1648, which ended both the Thirty Years' War and the Eighty Years' War. The treaties involved Holy Roman Emperor Ferdinand III, the other German princes, Spain, France, Sweden and representatives of the Dutch Republic. The Treaty of the Pyrenees, signed in 1659, ending the war between France and Spain, is also often considered part of the overall agreement.

The peace negotiations were held in the cities of Münster and Osnabrück, which lie about 50 km apart from each other, in the present German states of North Rhine-Westphalia and Lower Saxony. Sweden had favoured Osnabrück because of its Protestant background, France chose Münster because of its Catholic background. In any case, two locations were required because the Protestant and Catholic leaders refused to meet each other. The Catholics used Münster, and the Protestants used Osnabrück.

Spain accepted the independence of the Dutch Republic.

The power that Ferdinand III had taken for himself against the Holy Roman Empire's constitution was stripped. That meant that the rulers of the German states could again determine the religion of their lands.

There were also territorial adjustments.



Flanimals

Flanimals is a children's and adults' book written by comedian Ricky Gervais. The book was illustrated by Rob Steen. It has 35 different characters described as species of animal which form an imaginary world.


Trolleybus

A trolleybus (also known as trolley bus, trolley coach, trackless trolley, trackless tram or simply trolley) is a bus which runs on electricity. It gets its power for the electric motors that drive the wheels from a pair of power lines above the street.

On the roof of the bus are two "trolley poles" from which electric current flows between the wires and the bus. One wire is for the positive current and the other is for the negative (return) current.

Because trolleybuses do not usually have engines which burn diesel or other fossil fuels, they are much cleaner and quieter than "normal" buses. They also do not use tracks, so they are more flexible than trams. However, most of these buses can only go where the wires go. Some are made as a hybrid vehicle, or with a battery so they can go a short distance on ordinary roads.

Trolleybuses cost more money to make than other types of buses, so there are not many companies that build this type of bus. Some of these companies are:

Van Hool

Van Hool is a Belgian company, which builds buses. It was founded in 1947 by Bernard Van Hool.

The headquarters are in Koningshooikt (Antwerp).

They have got 15 different buses for the city. 9 of them have got a normal engine, 4 have got an engine that works with gas, and 2 buses have got an electric engine, they are called Trolleybus.
List of all types of Low-Floor-Bus (Citybus):




Also they have got 13 different kinds of coachbuses.
List of all types of coachbuses:


Battle of Antietam

The Battle of Antietam was an important battle in the American Civil War. It is also called the Battle of Sharpsburg by South historians. The battle was fought on September 17, 1862, near Sharpsburg, Maryland. It was also considered the bloodiest battle in the Civil war. It was the first major battle in the Civil War that took place in the border states. Both sides hoped a big victory for their side would make a short war. 

About 22,720 soldiers were killed, wounded or were missing at Antietam. There has never been another single-day battle in the history of the United States with so many American casualties. However, there have been other battles that lasted for more than one day where more Americans fell. For example, the later Battle of Gettysburg lasted three days and had an estimated 51,000 American casualties.

During the summer of 1862, the hopes of the North that the rebellion could be easily crushed were quickly fading. In July, Major General George B. McClellan's Peninsula Campaign to capture the Southern capital at Richmond, Virginia failed. Near the end of August, the Second Battle of Bull Run was another Confederate victory. The Union armies retreated back to Washington, D.C. only a few miles away. In Tennessee and other western states, Confederate offensives were succeeding. This was causing poor morale in the Union army.

After defeating the Union Army of Virginia at Bull Run, Lee led his Confederate Army of Northern Virginia into Maryland beginning his Maryland Campaign. He had several reasons for attacking the North. First, it was harvest time in the Shenandoah Valley and Lee needed to turn the Union's attention away from his main sources of food for his army. Secondly, he needed European support for the Confederacy. A major win in the North could get the support they needed and also cause the border state of Maryland to secede. It would demoralize the North and possibly get them to negotiate. Lee thought the Union army needed time to rebuild and resupply and moving quickly he could catch them unprepared.

In a bold move Lee divided his Army of Northern Virginia into five smaller armies or columns. Three he sent with General "Stonewall" Jackson to attack and hold Harpers Ferry. This way Jackson could control the Shenandoah Valley. He sent his largest corps commanded by Lieutenant General James Longstreet to move towards Sharpsburg, Maryland. Lee wrote Special Order 191 on September 9, which outlined each move by all his columns. In a strange twist of fate, a copy of the order was wrapped around a bundle of cigars and dropped in a field on Best Farm. Union soldiers of the 27th Indiana Regiment found the bundle with the order. It was sent to General McClellan.

McClellan had remained in command of the Army of the Potomac even though he had failed to support Major General John Pope at the Second Battle of Bull Run. When Lee entered Maryland, in a rare exception to his usual slowness, McClellan moved more quickly to cut him off. Having knowledge of Lee's plans gave McClellan an opportunity to destroy Lee's army while it was still weakened by Jackson's being sent to Harper's Ferry. McClellan learned of Lee's plan on September 13. He boasted "Here is a paper with which if I cannot whip Bobbie Lee, I will be willing to go home." He also sent a telegram to President Lincoln where he wrote, "I have all the plans of the rebels, and will catch them in their own trap if my men are equal to the emergency." But McClellan waited another 18 hours before acting. This delay allowed Lee more time to collect all the elements of his army. As Lee had moved into Maryland, he left detachments to guard two of the passes through South Mountain, Crampton's Gap and Turner's Gap. These were the two most important routes through the 50-mile long South Mountain. Had McClellan moved a little faster, he would have caught Lee's army scattered on the other side of the mountain. At Frederick, Maryland the Union army caught up with Lee and the fighting began on South Mountain. It was a natural formation that separated the Shenandoah and Cumberland Valleys from eastern Maryland. Several battles were fought that day over possession of South Mountain. The Confederates were driven back with a large number of casualties. McClellan could have destroyed Lee's army but he again waited, giving Lee the time to regroup.

Three days later the two armies, led by Lee and McClellan, met again on September 17, 1862, between Antietam Creek and the town of Sharpsburg, Maryland. The Battle of Antietam, also called the Battle of Sharpsburg, was not only the bloodiest day of the American Civil War, it was the single bloodiest day in American history. The Confederate troops took up defensive positions behind Antietam Creek. At this point, McClellan decided to attack.

At dawn on September 17, Union soldiers led by Major General Joseph Hooker attacked Lee's troops from their left. As the two armies fought each other, the fighting spread across a local cornfield and around the Dunker Church. The Union troops kept attacking the Confederates at the Sunken Road. They were able to break through the center of the Confederate lines.

Late that afternoon, more Union soldiers, led by Major General Ambrose Burnside, came into the fight. They captured a stone bridge over Antietam Creek and moved towards the Confederate troops' right side. But as Burnside's soldiers attacked, more Confederate soldiers arrived. Confederate Major General A.P. Hill had led his division of soldiers from Harpers Ferry to Antietam. Once Hill's division arrived, they were able to counterattack (fight back against Burnside's soldiers). This was a surprise to the Union troops, and the surprise worked well. The Confederate troops drove Burnside's soldiers back and ended the battle. Even though he had more soldiers, McClellan was not able to destroy Lee's army. Lee was able to shift his troops to meet each of McClellan's attacks. McClellan also did not call up his many reserve forces (soldiers on standby) which could have helped build on the Union's successes.

The next day both armies collected their wounded and buried their dead soldiers. Then Lee withdrew his army back to Virginia. McClellan did not go after Lee which frustrated President Lincoln. Militarily the battle was a draw. But because Lee's forces retreated from Maryland, Lincoln claimed victory. He used the occasion to issue the Emancipation Proclamation.


Haripur

Haripur can be any of the following:


Spirited Away

Based on 153 reviews at Rotten Tomatoes, it is the second-best animated movie, having a 97% rating on the site. The movie occupies the rank of #60 on the IMDb Top 250 Movies list as of December 2008. The Anime Critic gave it a 4 and 1/2 out of five stars.

Chihiro Ogino and her parents are trapped in a spirit world, when they arrive. Chihiro meets a young apprentice named Haku, who tells him that she must return to the human world. Chihiro meets Yubaba, the owner of the bathhouse and Haku's master. Yubaba allows Chihiro to stay by having her sign a contract, causing her name to change into Sen. After days of working and solving past memories, Chihiro returns to the normal world, after her parents reverted into humans.



Rachel Weisz

Rachel Hannah Weisz (born 7 March 1970) is an Academy Award-winning English actress. She is also a former fashion model. She became famous after her roles in the Hollywood movies "The Mummy" and "The Mummy Returns", and has since continued appearing in major movie roles.

Weisz is of Jewish descent.


Old French

Old French was the Romance dialect continuum spoken in the northern half of modern France and parts of modern Belgium and Switzerland from around 1000 to 1300. It was then known as the langue d'oïl. This was different from the langue d'oc (Occitan language, also then called Provençal), whose territory bordered that of Old French to the south.

The Old Frankish language added many words to Old French after the conquest by the tribe of the Franks, of the portions of Roman Gaul that are now France and Belgium, during the Migration Period.

Deborah Sampson

Deborah Sampson was a woman who dressed as a man, so that she could join the American soldiers in the Revolutionary War. The Revolutionary War was a war between Great Britain and the thirteen original colonies. Deborah Sampson came from a poor family. She worked as an indentured servant from the age of eight to the age of eighteen. She worked for no pay for a family, but that family let her study with and spend time with their sons.

Sampson wanted to serve in the war against the British, but the American Army would only take men. She dressed as a man, and she got into the Continental Army. She went by the name of Robert Shurtleff. 
She later got married. She worked as a teacher. She also spoke in public about her experiences in the war.

During her time in war she went to extremes to keep her identity a secret. She once got slashed in the head by an enemy, yet bandaged it up herself. She also got shot in the leg twice. But, in order to not let people find out who she was, she pulled the bullets out of her own leg. In war, she collapsed from fever. She went to the hospital because of it and this is where her peers and boss found out about her being a woman.

Even if she lied to get into the army, her bravery was recognized and she was honored by her General and Congress as well.


Groundskeeper Willie

Groundskeeper Willie is a fictional character in the long-running cartoon show "The Simpsons".

Willie works at Springfield Elementary as the head janitor or groundskeeper. He is portrayed as an angry Scotsman. He shows some hate towards Principal Skinner and Bart Simpson. He lives in a shack in the grounds of Springfield Elementary.

Dialectic

In philosophy, dialectic is an argument or debate between different people. In Medieval Europe, dialectics (or logic) was one of the three beginning liberal arts all together known as the trivium; the other members were rhetorics and grammar.

The goal of the dialectical process ("dialectic" or "dialectics") is to try to resolve the disagreement through rational talk, and the search for the truth in the matter.

Dialectics has three main ideas:


Hans Luther

Hans Luther (10 March 1879 – 11 May 1962) was a German politician. He was a Chancellor of Germany. a law of July 1925 extended workmen's compensation coverage to all accidents from and to places of work, and vocational care was introduced that same month. In addition, a decree of May 1925 established compensation for occupational diseases.<nowiki>

In 1922 he became government minister of food and agriculture, and in 1925 Minister of Finance.

From January 1925 to May 1926 he was Chancellor. During a brief period he was also acting President.

Luther ran the Reichsbank from 1930 to 1933 and later became ambassador to the United States from 1933 to 1937.

Crossover (music)

A crossover is a term in music. It is when a piece of music appears on music charts for different types of music. For example, a song might be on music charts for both pop music and country music.

Crossover

Crossover may refer to:


Council of Trent

The Council of Trent was the 19th Ecumenical council of the Roman Catholic Church. Important members of the Catholic Church met in Trento three times between 13 December 1545 and 4 December 1563, in reaction to the Protestant Reformation. 

It reinforced Catholic doctrine regarding salvation, the sacraments, and the Biblical canon, answering all Protestant disputes.

The council often could not meet when they wanted to, and sometimes could not meet at all, because of resistance from the popes and revolt against the emperor.Charles V, Holy Roman Emperor wanted the council to meet, and Pope Paul III summoned the council in 1537, but the plans fell through. In 1538, ideas for a council again failed. The pope asked for the council to meet in 1542, but it did not actually meet until 1545. The council was not active between 1547 and 1551. It again met from 1551 to 1552, when it was suspended due to a revolt against the emperor. Pope Paul IV (1555-59) strongly disliked Protestant ideas and the council could not start again until his succesor took office. The council met for the last time from 1562-63.

The Council of Trent was part of the Counter-Reformation. It would be over 300 years until the next Ecumenical Council.

Pope Paul III saw that the Protestant Reformation was getting bigger. Before, a small number of priests were part of the reformation, but soon many princes, particularly in Germany, supported its ideas. Therefore, Pope Paul III desired a council. But the council could not meet until 1545 and met right before Martin Luther's death. The council was moved to Bologna in March 1547 with the excuse of avoiding a plague; without any plans to meet again, 17 September 1549. 
The council was reopened at Trento, 1 May 1551, by Pope Julius III (1550–55); broken up 1552, recalled by Pope Pius IV (1559–65) for the last time, 18 January 1562, when it continued until 4 December 1563.

Objects were:

The results were:

The doctrinal decisions of the council are divided into decrees ("decreta"), which contain the positive statement of the conciliar dogmas, and into short canons ("canones"), which condemn the differing Protestant views with the concluding ""anathema sit"" ("let him be anathema").



Du gamla, du fria

"Du gamla, du fria" (, meaning "Thou ancient, thou free"), originally titled "Sång till Norden" (meaning "Song to the North"), is the national anthem of Sweden. The words of the song were written by Richard Dybeck in 1844, and the melody used for this song is based on a traditional folk tune, which was later rearranged by Swedish composer and librarian Edvin Kallstenius nearly a century later.

Unlike Norway's national anthem, "Ja, vi elsker dette landet", the Swedish anthem has not been made official yet—the Swedish constitution has yet to mention a national anthem.


Gospel of Matthew

The Gospel of Matthew is a book of the Bible. (Its full name is the Gospel According to Matthew, but it is often called the Gospel of Matthew or just Matthew). It is one of the four gospels of the New Testament that tell the story of Jesus' life and teachings. 

It is "not" thought to have been written by the apostle Matthew, who was one of Jesus' twelve apostles (see below). The Gospel of Matthew is called one of the synoptic gospels because it has some of the same stories and language as the Gospels of Mark and Luke.

Matthew wrote the gospel mainly for the Jewish people, to show them that Jesus is really the Messiah. Like the Gospels of Mark and Luke, Matthew tells many stories about Jesus' life. Matthew's gospel also talks about Jewish scripture. 

Early Christian tradition attributes the gospel to the apostle Matthew. This is now rejected by modern scholars. The name of the author is not known. Likely it was written in Syria, in the last quarter of the first century AD. Because it spread rapildly, it was likely written in a city. A city commonly cited is Antioch on the Orontes. the mdern-day city of Antakya. The writer was likely the head of a community. The Gospel of Mark was the first one to be written down. It is dated to the 40s, or perhaps 50s AD. The gospels of Luke and Mark used it as a source. But Matthew did not simply copy Mark, he used the text to show that Jesus had his place in Jewish tradition. He also included details that cannot be found in the Gospel of Mark. In addition, Matthew probably used a collection of sayings, known as the Q source, which is now lost. 


Gospel of Mark

The Gospel of Mark is a book of the Bible. It is the second book of the New Testament and comes after the Gospel of Matthew even though it may have been written before it. The writer is believed to have been John Mark, a friend of Simon Peter, who was one of the Twelve apostles of Jesus. 

The four gospels tell the story of the life of Jesus. The word "gospel" means "good news". The Gospel of Mark moves quickly, and the story shows how much Jesus worked during his short 3-year ministry. Mark's gospel tells many things about Jesus which are also found in the Gospel of Matthew and the Gospel of Luke. Matthew, Mark and Luke are called "Synoptic gospels" for this reason. 

Most scholars date Mark AD 65-75. It is thought to be the first of the gospels to be written. Mark's gospel may have been written with Gentiles in mind. It gives the meaning of some of Jesus' words in Greek that would have been known to Jews but not to other people. Mark's leaves out many details in the other gospels, such as the stories about the birth of Jesus. He includes many stories of Jesus doing miracles, more than any other Bible writer.

In telling about the arrest of Jesus to be crucified, the book mentions a young man who was almost caught by the guards, but who slipped out of his robe and got away. Some think this young man was Mark himself, since there is no other reason to include such a small detail. If it was Mark, means that Mark was a follower of Jesus who probably saw him crucified and come back to life after three days. 

The last chapter of Mark has some verses after verse 8 that may not have been part of the original gospel, as they are missing is some early hand written copies of the book. However, they give further information about what Jesus said after his resurrection. These sayings are similar to what the other gospels record. 



Gospel of Luke

The Gospel of Luke is a book of the Bible. Like the other gospels, the "Gospel of Luke" tells the stories of the life and teachings of Jesus. It is the third and longest book of the New Testament and comes after the Gospel of Matthew and the Gospel of Mark. The gospel is believed to be written by Luke, who was a friend of the Apostle Paul. 

Luke was a doctor. He wrote his gospel for a man he calls 'most excellent Theophilus' (1:3). Luke wrote another book which is fifth in the New Testament, the Acts of the Apostles which tells what Jesus' disciples did after his rise back to Heaven.

Unlike the gospel writers Matthew, Mark and John, Luke was probably not Jewish but was Greek. He wrote the gospel mainly for non-Jewish people, (who were called Gentile by the Jews). Luke wrote to prove that Jesus is the Son of God. Luke's gospel contains many similar stories of Jesus. He tells more about the Virgin birth of Jesus than the other gospel writers.


Gospel of John

The Gospel of John is a book of the Bible. It is one of the four "gospels" at the beginning of the New Testament. The four gospels tell the life of Jesus. The "Gospel of John" is the fourth book of the New Testament, after the gospels of Matthew, Mark and Luke.
In the gospel, it is says that the book was written by "the disciple whom Jesus loved". It is believed that John the Apostle, the son of Zebedee, wrote the gospel. He was probably the youngest of the Twelve Apostles of Jesus. John lived a long life and was imprisoned on the Island of Patmos in his old age. He also wrote the last book of the New Testament, called the "Book of Revelation". 

The Gospel of John tells many of the stories of Jesus' life that are in the other three gospels, but also contains a lot of different information. The Gospel begins by calling Jesus "the Word" (the Communication of God). It says ""In the beginning was the Word, and the Word was with God and the Word was God."" In John's Gospel, the writer shows that Jesus was part of God, who came to live among humanity so that they could "hear His voice" and have the power to become true "children of God". 

According to the gospel, the accounts are written so that the reader ""may believe that Jesus is the Messiah, the Son of God, and that by believing you may have life in His name"". (TNIV; John 20:31)

The book follows a pattern. There are seven "signs" leading up to the raising from the dead of Lazarus (this anticipates the resurrection of Jesus), and seven "I am" sayings and discussions, leading up to Thomas saying that the risen Jesus is "my Lord and my God" 

There is some disagreement over whether the John who wrote the letters of John, the John who wrote the Gospel of John, and the John who wrote the Book of Revelation are the same person.

The phrase "born again" comes from the third chapter, and was the title of a book by Chuck Colson who was a lawyer for President Nixon but after being in jail became a prison reformer. The phrase was used later for any person who had a dramatic change in their life. 

Chapter 3, verse 16 is perhaps the best known verse in the entire New Testament. "For God loved the world so much that He gave his only son (Jesus), so that whoever believed in Him, would not die but live forever". This verse was searched on the internet by millions of people after Tim Tebow, an American football player wrote "Jn 3:16" on his face in an important football game.



Sofia Rotaru

Sofia Mihailovna Evdokimenko-Rotaru (born in Marshintsy, Novoselitskiy Rayon, Chernivtsi Oblast, Ukraine on August 7, 1947), simply known as Sofia Rotaru, is a popular Russian, Ukrainian, Moldavian and formerly Soviet singer, actress and producer.

Rotaru now lives in Ukraine. She has made many albums over the years; some of the more famous ones are "Ballade About Violins", "Lavender" ("Lavanda"), and "I Still Love You".

Epistle to the Romans

The Epistle to the Romans or Letter to the Romans, is one of the letters written by the Apostle Paul to churches in different cities. Here, the letter is addressed to the early church in Rome, Italy.

Paul wrote the letter to the Romans to explain a very important point in Christianity. He proves, by quoting the Old Testament, that all humankind is guilty of sin before God. People whom God calls righteous can only do so by trusting in God's ways, and not by their own effort. Only by believing in Jesus, who is the Christ and who died for humanity for their sins, can people be saved. 

Once this belief is had, the believer receives the Holy Spirit, who helps the believer live a new life. Paul asks the Romans to observe Christian ethics and submit themselves to authorities.

The letter remains very influential in explaining to non-Christians and new Christians what their Christian belief is all about.

Moe Szyslak

Moe Szyslak is a fictional character on the long running TV show The Simpsons. His voice is performed by Hank Azaria. He is the bartender of Moe's Tavern. He speaks with a rough voice.

Moe is the owner and only worker at Moe's Tavern. On some occasions he has had temporary help. The most notable of these occasions being in "Homer the Moe". His two most loyal customers are Barney Gumble and Homer Simpson.


First Epistle to the Corinthians

The First Epistle to the Corinthians, or the First Letter to the Corinthians, is a long letter written by the Apostle Paul to the church in Corinth.

Paul wrote to the Corinthian church for a number of reasons. He realizes the church at Corinth is divided and explains that although himself and a few disciples had helped start the church, the church was really headed by Christ Jesus Himself. "I planted the seed, Apollos watered it, but God has been making it grow." (TNIV) 

Paul scolds the church members there for sexual immorality and asks for these immoral people to be thrown out of the church. 

He gives instructions for marriage, against worshipping worthless idols (idolatry), for spiritual gifts like prophecy. Paul praises the superior way of love and urges the church to be united. 

At the end, Paul states that the resurrection of Christ is true. He supports it with testimonies from "more than five hundred of the brothers and sisters" and it is this very truth which makes certain the believers will have eternal life.

Finally Paul tells of his plans to visit the Corinthians, and that Timothy, his co-worker, is coming to their church very soon.

Epistle to the Hebrews

The Epistle to the Hebrews or Letter to the Hebrews is one of the letters of the New Testament. Although it is believed by many to be written by the Apostle Paul, many others think it might have been written by one group of early Christians to a general group of Jews (also called Hebrews), or to a church with Jewish members.

The letter explains that Jesus Christ, the Son of God, is the perfect sacrifice for human sinners. He is superior to angels and is our High priest in the order of Melchizedek. Jesus is the Messiah whose coming gives us the superior New Covenant, as compared to the Old Covenant of Abraham and
Moses. The writers state that if the Old Covenant was faultless, God would not have sent his Son to start a new one.

By stating that people are called righteous through their faith and belief in God's ways, the writers urge the readers to receive God's grace by accepting Jesus Christ.

Alan Kuo

Alan Kuo () is a Taiwanese rock singer and actor.

Alan is the son of the late Taiwanese stuntman-actor Blackie Ke. For his father, he wrote two songs, each in one of his albums in the same number of track. "Wake Up" and "I Miss You", these two songs shows his relationship with his father, how much his father had changed him. Before actually starting to receive the chance to release his first album he went through a lot of hard work. First of all, he started from a guitar, up to writing songs and lyrics. When he first entered Alpha Music, Jay Chou told him that he should know how to write his own songs, so that people would want to listen to his music, influenced by this Alan began writing his own songs. Secondly, he wrote more than hundreds of songs just to make the world hear his voice. For this purpose, Alan Kuo’s music director requires him to edit and edit his songs, every year, every month, every week, and every day. He kept on working on his songs for perfection. Finally, he edited his songs and made new songs in the 6 years of preparation, just for the best 12 songs for all the people anticipating for his music. In the meantime, during the 6 years of hard work for his first album, his courage was being challenged, his father died of an accident, but it did not stop him. In fact he continued going after his first album, trying to show us how hard he worked and especially to show his father in heaven. As a result, on 8/19/2005, Alan Kuo’s first album came out with 12 songs that rocked the listeners, the music that shows you the 6 years of hard work and effort he gave on his music, Alan Kuo. In 2007, Alan changed his Chinese name from 柯有倫 to 柯有綸. It still has the same pronunciation though.




C-rock

C-rock is short for Chinese rock music. C-rock ( or ; literally "Chinese shaking and rolling music") can be performed in any dialect of Chinese language. Some people consider C-rock a subgenre of C-pop.

The history of C-rock before the 1980s is very unclear though it is believed to have existed in the 1970s or even the 1960s.
The first clear sign of Chinese rock was the 西北风 Xi Bei Feng (literally Northwest Wind). Xi Bei Feng is style of folk-influenced punk music, originating from the northwestern area of China, such as the Shanxi and Gansu provinces. The new style was triggered by two new songs, "信天游 Xin Tian You" and "一无所有". As time passed, Xi Bei Feng became stronger, more fast-tempo and aggressive. In contrast to the mellow C-pop style, XBF songs were sung loudly and forcefully.

Many XBF songs challenged political views, reflected unhappiness among Chinese youth and individuality and self-empowerment. Both music and lyrics articulated a sense of pride in the power of the northwest's peasantry. Songs such as "妹妹你大胆的往前走" came to represent an earthy, primordial masculine image of China, as opposed to the soft, sweet, polished urban gang tai style.

囚歌, also known as Prison songs or Prison rock, became popular in the late 1980s. Prison rock was more folk-like than the XBF style. Prison rock was led & created by 迟志强 Chi Zhi Qiang, who wrote lyrics about his time in jail and set them to folk melodies from northeast China. In contrast to Northwest Wind songs, prison songs were slow and "weepy", and were characterised by the rude and vulgar language and lyrics showing pessimism, despair, anticonformity and cynicism.

The birthplace of Chinese rock was Beijing. Rock and roll was not common until the late 1980s. Some rebellious trends from punk XBF were revived. In 1989 and 1990, rock and roll came into mainstream music as a combination of the Northwest Wind and prison song fads.

After the protests in Tiananmen Square rock and roll became part of general urban youth culture in China. Its popularity growth celebrated on 17 and 18 February 1990 when Beijing's largest rock concert was held in the Capital Gymnasium. The concert featured six rock bands.

Chinese rock and roll's peak popularity was between 1990 and 1993. Many rock bands were established and rock music was performed regularly. Rock and roll was not approved of by the Chinese government because many performers had anti-conformist behaviour. The government made sure that rock and roll was not to be broadcast on CCTV, so the main venues remained to be informal, underground rock parties. Some fans and performers had characteristics such as long hair for males, jeans, silver metal ornaments, black leather coats and hippie-style behaviour.

By 1994, rock and roll slowly began to decline. One of the reasons is because of the censorship by the Communist Party of China, such as the banning of rock from television and restrictions on performances. The main reason, however, is the general lack of interest in anti-conformist and anti-Government thoughts and behaviour. In the mid 1990s, people became more interested in C-pop and newer stars at the time such as Andy Lau and the Four Heavenly Kings of Cantonese pop.

From 2000 to 2004, rock in China grew in popularity again, influenced by Japanese rock trends, including pop-rock, Visual kei and Gothic Lolitta and some American rock music styles such as light rock, soft rock, piano rock, post-grunge and alternative rock.

Another important step in the development of Chinese rock music is the Beijing Midi School of Music in Beijing. Established 1993 by Zhang Fan, it was the first school in China offering classes specialising in jazz and rock music. Started as a festival in 1999, the Midi Modern Music Festival became the largest rock music festival in China. Both the school and the festival supported the underground scene in China and allowed foreign bands in 2006 to perform at the festival and throughout the country, including Alev, Monokino, YMA and The Wombats.

In addition to the Midi school, the goth rock magazine Painkiller Magazine brought bands such as Edguy, Lacrimosa and Hatesphere to fame in China.



Cleo Lemon

Cleotha Lemon, Jr. (born August 16, 1979) is an American football coach and former professional football quarterback. He is the wide receivers coach for the Jackson State Gamecocks. He played for parts of 3 years in the National Football League (NFL). He played for the San Diego Chargers, Miami Dolphins, Baltimore Ravens and Jacksonville Jaguars. He also played for the Toronto Argonauts of the Canadian Football League (CFL) and the Memphis Xplorers of the AF2.

He started playing in the NFL for the Baltimore Ravens in 2002. Lemon played for the San Diego Chargers from 2003 to 2005. He then played for the Miami Dolphins until the 2007 season. He played for the Jacksonville Jaguars in 2008 before being cut from the team. He joined the Toronto Argonauts of Canadian Football League (CFL) and played for them from March 17, 2010 until he was released on September 6, 2011.

He played college football at Arkansas State. Lemon retired from playing professional football in 2011.


Reformed churches

The Reformed churches are a group of Christian Protestant denominations that are historically related by a doctrine that is identical or similar to Calvinism. It developed in the Swiss Reformation led by Huldrych Zwingli and John Calvin, but soon afterwards appeared in nations throughout Western Europe. Each nation in which the Reformed movement was originally established had its own church government. Several of these local churches have expanded to worldwide denominations and most have experienced schisms into multiple denominations. 

The first Reformed Churches were established in Europe in the 1500s, in the wake of the Protestant Reformation.

Reformed doctrine is expressed in various texts]. Some of them are used by many denominations. Different denominations use different confessions, usually based on historical reasons. Some of the confessions still commonly in use are (with year of writing):

Reformed churches have two main forms of ecclesiastical polity:


Augsburg Confession

The Augsburg Confession, also known as the "Augustana" from its Latin name, "Confessio Augustana," is the most important confession of faith of the Lutheran Church. The Augsburg Confession is normative to all Lutheran Churches everywhere and in all times. It is also one of the most important documents of the Lutheran Reformation. The Augsburg Confession was presented by a number of German rulers and free-cities at the Diet of Augsburg on June 25, 1530.


Brainin

Brainin (Брайнин, also Brainen, Brajnin, Braynen, Breinin) is Russian-Jewish surname. It may refer to:
<br>

Other spellings:


Norbert Brainin

Norbert Brainin (March 12, 1923 in Vienna – April 10 2005 in London) was the first violinist of the Amadeus Quartet, one of the world's most famous string quartets.

Because of Brainin's Jewish origin, he was driven out of Vienna after Hitler's Anschluss of 1938, as were the violinist Siegmund Nissel and violist Peter Schidlof. Brainin and Schidlof met in a British internment camp. Like many Jewish refugees who came to the UK for safety, they became "aliens" and were kept in confinement.

Brainin was made free after a few months, but Schidlof stayed in the camp, where he met Nissel. Finally Schidlof and Nissel were freed, and the three of them were able to study with violin teacher Max Rostal, who taught them free of charge. It was through Rostal that they met cellist Martin Lovett, and in 1947 they formed the Brainin Quartet, which was renamed the Amadeus Quartet in 1948.

The Amadeus was one of the best-known quartets of the 20th Century, and its members were given many honours, including: 


The quartet stopped playing together in 1987 after Schidlof died, because the others thought that no other violist would fit in to the group so well. Norbert Brainin continued to perform as a soloist, often performing with pianist Günter Ludwig.

His instruments included the "Rode" Guarnerius del Gesu of 1734, the "Chaconne" Stradivarius of 1725 and the "Gibson" Stradivarius of 1713.


Amadeus Quartet

The Amadeus Quartet was a world famous string quartet founded in 1947. First violin - Norbert Brainin, second violin - Siegmund Nissel, viola - Peter Schidlof, cello - Martin Lovett.

Violinists Norbert Brainin, Siegmund Nissel and Peter Schidlof were forced to leave Vienna for London because of their Jewish origin after Hitler's Anschluss of 1938. When World War II broke out they were sent to internment camps because they were "enemy aliens" (foreigners from a country that Britain was fighting against). The three violinists met up in camp and spent a lot of time playing music together. Soon they were set free because they were "distinguished artists" (actually they were unknown at the time). They studied with violin teacher Max Rostal, who taught them free of charge. Another student of Rostal was Suzanne Rozsa, who was married to the cellist Martin Lovett. Peter Schidlof changed to playing the viola, and they played string quartets together. In 1947 they formed the Brainin Quartet. Nissel then thought of the name "Amadeus Quartet". He thought it sounded better than calling the group by the name of the first violinist. The quartet was renamed the Amadeus Quartet in 1948 (Amadeus was one of Mozart's names).

The group gave its first performance as the Amadeus Quartet in the Wigmore Hall, London on Jan. 10, 1948. They were soon performing in concerts, festivals and masterclasses all over the world. The quartet made about 200 recordings, among them the complete quartets of Ludwig van Beethoven, Johannes Brahms, and W. A. Mozart. They also performed works by such 20th-century composers as Béla Bartók and Benjamin Britten (who wrote his third quartet especially for them).

The Amadeus was one of the most celebrated quartets of the 20th century.

They had always agreed that if one of them became ill or died, the quartet would not play with any other person. The quartet stopped playing in 1987 after the death of the violist Peter Schidlof.

Norbert Brainin died in 2005 and Siegmund Nissel in 2008.

'The Amadeus Forty Years in Pictures and Words' compiled by Suzanne Rozsa-Lovett available from beares1@btconnect.com


Valeri Brainin

Valeri Brainin (born 27 January 1948) is a Russian/German musicologist, music manager, composer, and poet. Born in Nizhny Tagil, Russia, in the family of Austrian poet and translator, political émigré Boris Brainin (Sepp Österreicher), who belonged to the well-known Viennese Brainin family. He lives at the moment both in Hanover, Germany, and in Moscow. Brainin is of Jewish descent.

President (from 2004) of the Russian Federation Society for Music Education (RussSME) – National Affiliate of the International Society for Music Education (ISME), a member of UNESCO. Head of the Laboratory of New Technologies in Music Education, Moscow State Pedagogical University. Art Director of Classica Nova International Music Competition. Art Director of the net of Brainin Music Schools (Brainin-Musikschulen), Germany. He has directed seminars/master courses at conservatoires and universities in Austria, Columbia, Germany, Italy, Russia, USA, etc. In addition he offered weekly music talks on Radio Liberty from Munich and Prague, and has literary, critical and scientific musical publications in Russian, German, English, and Italian.

Brainin is a full Member of the International Teacher's Training Academy of Science (Moscow), and of other scientific/pedagogical societies, he studied mathematics, linguistics, musical pedagogics, music theory and composition. He has had works performed in the Bolshoi Theatre, Moscow, and taught at Moscow's Gnessin Music School for specially gifted children. The Brainin Teaching Method for ‘development of musical intelligence in children’ became a standard part of the curriculum. He is also a noted piano teacher for children. Among his former students there are some prize-winers of national and international competitions.

Russian poet (also known as Valeri (Willi) Brainin-Passek), a pupil of Arseny Tarkovsky, a member (1985-1990) of Moscow Club „Poezia“ together with Yury Arabov, Jewgenij Bunimovitch, Mikhail Epstein, Alexandr Eremenko, Sergej Gandlevskij, Nina Iskrenko, Timur Kibirov, Alexei Parshchikov, Dmitri Prigov, Lev Rubinstein, a. o. 
Most essential poetry publications: 
Russian: 
literary magazines "Znamya" (Moscow), "Novy Mir" (Moscow), "Arion" (Moscow), "Ogonyok" (Moscow), "Grani" (Frankfurt-am-Main), "Dvadtsat dva" (Jerusalem), "Kreshchatik" (Kiev), anthologies "Verses of the Century" (Moscow, compiled by Yevgeny Yevtushenko) and "Verses of the Century-2" (Moscow).
English: 
literary magazine "Partisan Review" (Boston).

See also Brainin.

Partisan Review

Partisan Review was an American political and literary quarterly published from 1934 to 2003, though it suspended publication between October 1936 and December 1937. It was founded by William Phillips and Philip Rahv. It grew out of the John Reed Club as an alternative to "New Masses", the publication of the American Communist Party, but became anti-Communist after Stalin. Many of its early authors were the children of Jewish immigrants from Europe. The journal reached its peak influence from the late 1930s to the early 1960s, but then gradually lost its relevance to modern American culture. Phillips died in September 2002 at age 94. The journal continued under his wife Edith Kurzweil until April 2003.

In 1949, "Partisan Review" awarded George Orwell £357 for the year's most significant contribution to literature, "Nineteen Eighty-Four".

Classic stories and articles first published in Partisan Review:




List of Russian-language poets

Poets who wrote much of their poetry in the Russian language.
























Blue-eyed soul

Blue Eyed Soul is a term used to describe Soul and R&B music sung by white people. The term was first used in the 1960s about white artists performing music which was similar to the music being performed by Motown artists. It is sometimes called white soul.


Recherswil

Recherswil is a municipality in the district Wasseramt, in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.


Boston, Lincolnshire

Boston is a town and small port in Lincolnshire, on the east coast of England.

Stade

Stade is a city in Lower Saxony, Germany. It is the seat of the district which is named the same as the city.

The city was founded in 994 when it was called "Stethu". A city on the banks of the Lower Elbe it became an important market town, and a port. It was given a town charter in 1209. From 1645 to 1712, the Stade was controlled by Sweden, who made it an important military town. On May 26, 1659, the "Great Fire" destroyed more than half the city.

Stade (district)

Stade is a district ("Landkreis") in Lower Saxony, Germany. The district's seat is Stade. 

Hasselt, Netherlands

Hasselt is a small city seven km north of Zwolle city, in the province of Overijssel, the Netherlands. About 7,400 people were living there in 2021.

Hasselt was also a municipality. In 2001, it became a part of the new created municipality of Zwartewaterland, of which Hasselt is the seat.

Hasselt got city rights in 1252, and joined the Hanseatic League about 1350.


Chain letter

A chain letter is a message that tries to convince the person who gets it to make copies of the letter and then pass them on to as many people as possible. A chain letter can be a type of meme. Common ways used in chain letters include stories that make the recipient feel sorry for the person, get-rich-quick pyramid schemes, and the use of superstition to threaten the recipient with bad luck, physical violence or death if he or she "breaks the chain" and does not follow the instructions given in the letter.

Stanisław Ulam

Stanisław Marcin Ulam (April 13, 1909 – May 13, 1984) was a Polish mathematician who took part in the Manhattan Project and proposed the design used for most thermonuclear weapons. 

He also proposed using nuclear explosions to propel rockets, and he developed several mathematical tools in number theory, set theory, ergodic theory and algebraic topology. Above all, he is known by being a coauthor (with Nicholas Metropolis) of the Monte Carlo algorithm.

Ulam was of Jewish descent.

Reichsuniversität Straßburg

The Reichsuniversität Straßburg was founded 1941 by the National Socialists in Alsace. The purpose was to create a university continuousness to Universität Straßburg that existed till the 1. World War. Also, it was important for the German invaders to propagate the „pure German knowledge“ of National Socialistic character in occupied France. The Reichsuniversität was dissolved in 1944.


Somatosensory system

The 'somatosensory system' is a sensory system that detects experiences labelled as touch or pressure, temperature (warm or cold), pain (including itch and tickle) and those that belong to proprioception. These are the sensations of muscle movement and joint position including posture, movement, visceral (internal) senses and facial expression. Visceral senses have to do with sensory information from within the body, such as stomach aches.

Touch may be considered one of five human senses; however, when a person touches something or somebody this gives rise to various feelings: the perception of pressure (shape, softness, texture, vibration, etc.), relative temperature and sometimes pain. Thus the term "touch" is actually the combined term for several senses. In medicine, the colloquial term "touch" is usually replaced with somatic senses, to better reflect the variety of mechanisms involved.




Schandmaul

Schandmaul is a medieval folk rock band from Munich, Germany. They formed in 1998. The members right now are: Thomas Lindner, Birgit Muggenthaler, Anna Kränzlein, Martin Duckstein, Stefan Brunner, Matthias Richter. 
The first song (Teufelsweib) was recorded in 1998. In the following year they released their very first Album "Wahre Helden". In 2000 the Album "Von Spitzbuben und anderen Halunken" has been redorded and released. In 2001 the band was discorvered by a record label, which led to the rerelease of "Von Spitzbuben und Halunken".




Flash (tattoo)

A flash (also known as a "tattoo flash") is a design or picture that is used in order to create a tattoo. They often come in sets like a poster (called flash sheets), and can be seen in most tattoo shops.

Tattoo flashes are often drawn for general use, rather than being a custom made piece like some personal tattoos. However, some flashes have space for personalisation, for example space for the person to include a name in their tattoo.

Tattoo flashes come in a variety of different designs, and are divided into categories such as celtic, heart, arm band tattoos e.t.c. A person wanting a tattoo made from a flash chooses which design they like best. Then the tattooist uses a stencil to draw the basic design onto the skin of the person being tattooed, and afterwards starts to make the tattoo.


Itch

Itch (Latin: pruritus) is an unpleasant sensation that leads to the desire or reflex to scratch. Itch has many similarities to pain and both are unpleasant sensory experiences but their behavioral response patterns are different. Pain creates a reflex withdrawal while itch leads to a scratch reflex. Nerve fibers for itch and pain both are in the skin, but information for them is sent centrally in two distinct systems that both use the same nerve bundle.

Historically, the sensations of itch and pain have not been considered to be independent of each other until recently where it was found that itch has several features in common with pain but has important differences. 

The feeling of itchiness can be caused by a movement of hair or the release of a chemical (histamine) from cells under the skin. Itchiness is regarded as protective, as it helps creatures remove parasites that land on their skin.

Itching can be caused by:

A variety of over-the-counter and prescription anti-itch drugs are available. Some plant products have been found to be effective anti-pruritics, others not. Non-chemical remedies include cooling, warming, soft stimulation.

Sometimes scratching relieves isolated itches, hence the existence of devices such as the back scratcher. Often, however, scratching can intensify itching and even cause further damage to the skin, dubbed the "itch-scratch-itch cycle".


Tony Hibbert

Anthony James Hibbert (born 20 February 1981) is an English former professional football player.

He is a defender who plays on the right side. He is well known at Everton for his tackling but his passing and crossing has let him down on more than one occasion. He made his debut for Everton against West Ham United F.C.. In this game he won a penalty for Everton. Hibbert was at Everton for all of his career.

Hibbert was called up to the England under-21 team in October 2002 for games against Slovakia and Macedonia but he did not play in either game due to a hamstring injury.

Source:

Everton Youth

Everton

Leighton Baines

Leighton Baines (born 11 December 1984) is a retired English footballer. He was known for his time at Everton and the England national football team.
Baines started his career with Wigan Athletic. He was a defender who plays on the left side. He wears the number 3 on his Everton shirt. He has played for England at under-21 and senior levels. He has scored only one goal while playing for England. He scored four times while at Wigan. 

Wigan Athletic

Everton

Individual

Joseph Yobo

Joseph Yobo (born 6 September 1980) is a Nigerian football player who plays for Everton in the Premier League.

He is a defender who normally plays in the centre, but can play on the right of defence or in midfield.

He signed from French side Olympique Marseille in 2001 and has become a favourite at Everton ever since.

He is the Everton vice-captain and first captained Everton against Larissas in a 3-1 victory in the UEFA Cup, replacing the injured Phil Neville.

Yobo is also captain of the national Nigerian side.

When he first joined Everton he wore the number 20 on his shirt, but this changed to 4 when Alan Stubbs left for Sunderland

48||2||colspan="2"|-||colspan="2"|-||colspan="2"|-||48||2
23||0||colspan="2"|-||colspan="2"|-||colspan="2"|-||23||0
0||0||colspan="2"|-||colspan="2"|-||colspan="2"|-||0||0
202||7||5||0||12||0||13||1||232||8
273||9||5||0||12||0||13||1||303||10

!Total||62||4

Joleon Lescott

Joleon Patrick Lescott (born 16 August 1982) is an ex-English footballer who played for Manchester City and the England national football team. He was a defender who could play on the left or in the centre.

Lescott was born in Birmingham. At 17 he began playing for the Wolverhampton Wanderers. In 2006 he was named in the Championship team of the season. He also got the Wolves' Player of the Year award.

Lescott was sold to Everton at the start of the 2006–07 season. On 8 May 2008, Lescott was voted Everton's Player of the Year and Players Player of the Year.

Following the end of the 2008–09 season, Manchester City tried to sign Lescott. Everton said no. On 11 August 2009, Lescott asked to move to Manchester City. Again Everton said no. The manager said Lescott had a "bad attitude" and did not have him play. Then on 25 August 2009 he was traded to Manchester City. Fans in Everton are now angry at Lescott for leaving. They boo when he takes the field.

On 13 May 2012 Lescott helped Man City win their first premiership title in 44 years.

Wolverhampton Wanderers

Everton

Manchester City

Individual

Mikel Arteta

Mikel Arteta (born 26 March 1982) is a Spanish professional football manager and former player. He is currently the manager of Premier League club Arsenal.

He first signed for Everton on loan from Spanish side Real Sociedad in 2005, but after many good performances manager David Moyes made this move permanent.

Despite being rated one of the best midfielders in English football, Arteta has never played for Spain.

On 12 March 2020, it was announced that Arteta had tested positive for COVID-19 amid its pandemic in the UK.

15||1||||||||||||||15||1
31||2||||||||||||||31||2
50||12||||||||||||||50||12
130||17||9||2||6||0||12||3||157||22
226||32||9||2||6||0||12||3||253||37


John Winter

John Winter (September 8, 1967 - April 5, 2007) was a weather man for NBC's channel WFLA-TV in Tampa, Florida.

Winter was born and grew up in Seminole, Florida. He was a graduate of Seminole High School. Winter was a Bachelor of Arts graduate in weather at the University of Kansas. He started his job as a television weather man at KGBT-TV in Harlingen, Texas. Winter worked there for two years before he moved near Tampa in 1994. It was in Tampa that he started working for WFLA-TV. He was most often the morning meteorologist for WFLA-TV but he sometimes would make the evening reports. Winter held the "Seal of Approval" from the American Meteorological Society.

As well as being a weather man, Winter also owned the company "Big U Media" with a friend who also worked at WFLA-TV. Big U Media was an advertising company. He was also a member of a local charitable organization and Mardi Gras krewe, The Rough Riders. They helped underprivileged and sick children by giving teddy bears at homeless shelters and in hospitals.

Winter loved animals. Each hour, during his morning weather reports, he would show an animal up for adoption. He did this for the local animal shelters. The adoption rate was very good.

On April 5, 2007, the police got a telephone call from an unknown person about problems at Winter's home. While the deputies pounded on his front door of his home in the Tealside section of Lithia, Winter shot himself. He died very quickly. His death was a surprise to the people who worked with him and viewers. He had left the WFLA after a newscast the night before cheerful and upbeat in mood. It was learned that he suffered from severe depression.


Saskia van Uylenburgh

Saskia van Uylenburgh (August 2, 1612 - June 14, 1642) was the wife of the Dutch painter Rembrandt van Rijn and the model for some of the great artist's paintings and drawings.

Ecliptic

The ecliptic is the plane of Earth's orbit around the Sun. 

The Sun appears to move against the background of stars because the Earth orbits the Sun.

The invariable plane is the average plane of the orbits of the planets. Properly, it is defined as the plane passing through its barycenter (center of mass). The present ecliptic plane is inclined to the invariable plane by about 1.5°. 

Janggu

The janggu (jahng goo) is a traditional Korean drum. It has the shape of an hourglass. The drum has two ends. The person playing the drum can either hang it on their neck or put it on the floor. It is played with two sticks.

Kkwaenggwari

The Kkwaenggwari (kwang gah ree) is a small gong used in Korean folk music.

Singapore Changi Airport

Singapore Changi Airport , or simply Changi Airport, is a commercial airport serving Singapore, and is one of the largest transportation hubs in Asia. It is located in Changi, at the eastern part of the island of Singapore, on a site. The airport also consists of Jewel Changi Airport.

The airport is operated by the Civil Aviation Authority of Singapore (CAAS), and is the home base of Singapore Airlines, Singapore Airlines Cargo, Jetstar Asia Airways and Scoot.

Singapore Changi Airport has been rated the best airport in the world by Skytrax for 8 years in a row. The airport has also been rated as being one of the world's cleanest airports and highly rated international transit airports.

Changi Airport opened on July 1, 1981, and was the largest airport in Asia at the time of its opening. The first flight to arrive at the new airport came from Kuala Lumpur International Airport in Malaysia and the first flight to leave was for Penang, also in Malaysia.

When the airport first opened, it only handled about 8 million passengers a year. This number has grown, and in 2015, the airport handled a record of 55,448,964 passengers, a 2.5% increase over the previous year. 

The airport currently has four terminal buildings:
People can go between Terminals 1, 2, and 3 (but not Terminal 4) using an automatic, driverless train called the Skytrain. The system opened in 1990 and received new trains in 2006. A new building with shops and hotels is being built that will connect to each of these three terminals directly. It is called Jewel Changi Airport and will be ready in early 2019.

A new terminal building, Terminal 5, is being built on an empty piece of land opposite the current airport terminals. It will open in the 2020s and be bigger in size than Terminals 1, 2, and 3 combined.

It is very easy to get to and from Changi Airport.

One of the stations on Singapore's MRT network is called Changi Airport, and it is located at the end of a two-stop branch of the East West Line. The station, which opened in 2002, is located between Terminals 2 and 3 of the airport and can be reached from both terminals. To get into the city one has to change to another East West Line train at Tanah Merah or, since 2017, to the Downtown Line at Expo. Terminal 5 could possibly be served by an extension of the Thomson-East Coast Line when it is completed.


Middle class

The Middle class describes people who are not aristocrats/upper class nor working class or underclass but have a fair standard of living. Depending on class model used, the "middle class" may make up anywhere from 45% to 49% of households in the United States. They generally make up the largest group or the majority of the population in developed countries. In developing countries, the middle class, generally makes up a much smaller percentage of the population. There is a lower middle class and an upper middle class. In Marxism, middle class is the class below the upper class, who is the ruling class. The word "bourgeoisie" may also be used as a synonym of middle class.

It may be defined by the jobs people do, or by how much they earn. In the United Kingdom median disposable household income in 2022 was just under £33,000. Many businesses target middle class people. The top 20% of UK householders are responsible for 40% of consumer spending.


No Mercy (2007)

No Mercy 2007 was a professional wrestling event available on pay-per-view made by World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE). It was the ninth yearly No Mercy event and took place on October 7, 2007 at the Allstate Arena in Rosemont, Illinois.

For the first time, there were three new WWE Championship reigns in one night, as Randy Orton was awarded the vacant title (previously held by John Cena) to start the event, only to lose it to Triple H less than a half-hour later, but in turn regain it at the end of the night in a Last Man Standing match.

The other championship matches on the undercard were Batista versus The Great Khali in a Punjabi Prison match for the World Heavyweight Championship, Candice Michelle versus Beth Phoenix for the WWE Women's Championship, and CM Punk versus Big Daddy V for the ECW Championship.

The main feud going into the event for the RAW brand was between WWE Champion John Cena and Randy Orton. The feud began in July after Orton was named the number one contender for Cena's WWE Championship. At SummerSlam, Cena won against Orton, while at Unforgiven, Orton beat Cena by disqualification. Immediately after the match, acting "RAW" General Manager Jonathan Coachman, believing that Cena got himself disqualified intentionally, made a rematch between the two at No Mercy, this time in a Last Man Standing Match. On September 17, after threatening to strip Cena of his title for his actions at Unforgiven, Coachman ordered Cena's father, Mr. Cena, to face Orton in a match. The match saw Orton hit Mr. Cena with an RKO, while John was forced to watch at ringside while handcuffed to a ring rope. The next week, Coachman said that Orton had been suspended indefinitely for his actions, although he later said that Orton had simply been given the night off. The feud resumed on October 1 when Orton, who earlier appeared "via satellite from Chicago", attacked Cena after his match with Mr. Kennedy, knocking him out with an RKO on the announce table. However, during the match, Cena was legitimately injured, suffering a complete tear of his right pectoral tendon. As a result, the match was canceled, and on the October 2 version of "ECW", WWE Chairman Vince McMahon officially stripped Cena of the WWE Championship. No replacement match was ever announced, as McMahon simply stated that "a new WWE Champion will be crowned this Sunday."

The main feud for the SmackDown! brand was between Batista, and World Heavyweight Champion The Great Khali. The feud began in July when Khali laid out an open challenge to the "SmackDown!" roster, which was answered by Batista. Shortly after, the feud began revolving around the World Championship when Khali won a twenty-man battle royal on "SmackDown!", winning the vacant title. At The Great American Bash, Khali won against Batista and Kane in a triple threat match, while at SummerSlam, Batista beat Khali by disqualification after Khali used a chair. At Unforgiven, Batista won against Khali and Rey Mysterio in a triple threat match to win the championship. Khali exercised his rematch clause for a match at No Mercy, to take place in his specialty match, the Punjabi Prison match.

The main feud for the ECW brand was between the ECW Champion, CM Punk, and Big Daddy V. The buildup began when General Manager Armando Estrada announced an "Elimination Chase to No Mercy", involving Elijah Burke, Tommy Dreamer, Kevin Thorn, and Stevie Richards. All four competitors competed in a match together, with the one losing the fall being eliminated from the chase. The rest of the wrestlers then competed again, and the process continued until one superstar was left, with the winner challenging Punk for the title at No Mercy. Over a three-week period, Richards, Thorn, and Burke were eliminated, with Dreamer winning the number one contendership, until Estrada announced that there was one more contender in the chase, Big Daddy V. V quickly won against Dreamer, winning the number one contendership.

Before the event went live on pay-per-view, a dark match between Hardcore Holly and Cody Rhodes took place, which Holly won after executing an Alabama Slam.
The event began with WWE Chairman Vince McMahon and Raw General Manager William Regal coming to the ring. McMahon reiterated that former WWE Champion John Cena would be out of action between six months and one year. He then said that the new WWE Champion was Randy Orton. After a brief celebration, Regal gave Orton the choice of facing anyone he wanted that night for the championship. Before he could name an opponent, however, Triple H came out, demanding a championship match for that moment. After suggesting that he “didn't have the guts", McMahon ordered the match to begin. Triple H won the match after a rollup, becoming an eleven-time World Champion. Orton's championship reign lasted less than thirty minutes.

The next contest was a bonus six-man tag team match, which saw Jeff Hardy, Paul London and Brian Kendrick take on Mr. Kennedy and the World Tag Team Champions Lance Cade and Trevor Murdoch, which the latter won when Kennedy hit the Green Bay Plunge on London.

Backstage, McMahon informed Triple H that his previously scheduled match against Umaga was still going to take place, and that his newly-won WWE Championship would be on the line.

Next up was lone ECW match of the evening as Chicago-native CM Punk defended his ECW Championship against Big Daddy V. The meeting was short lived as V's manager, Matt Striker, attacked Punk a couple of minutes into the match, causing a disqualification. Afterward, V attacked Punk, hitting him with several elbow drops, causing Punk to bleed from the mouth.

In a continuation of their personal rivalry, WWE Tag Team Champions Matt Hardy and Montel Vontavious Porter (MVP) came out to have a pizza-eating contest. The contest was moderated by ECW color commentator Tazz and also featured Maria and Melina as scorekeepers. Hardy won the contest two slices to none.

Up next was the second WWE Championship match of the evening as Triple H defended his newly-won title against Umaga. Triple H won the match and kept the championship after hitting Umaga with a pedigree.

"Friday Night SmackDown!" was represented in the next match as Rey Mysterio took on Finlay. The referee ended the match after Finlay snapped his head off the floor. However, while being taken away on a stretcher, Finlay jumped out and attacked Mysterio.

Backstage, Triple H was having his ribs iced down when McMahon came in to inform him that Orton was invoking his automatic rematch clause for the WWE Championship, and that the match would be taking place later that night. In addition, the match would be Last Man Standing, Orton's originally scheduled match against Cena.

The fourth championship match of the night was a rematch from Unforgiven, with Women's Champion Candice Michelle defending the title against Beth Phoenix. Phoenix pinned Michelle after a cradled suplex, winning the Women's Championship for the first time.

"SmackDown!'s" main event saw Batista defend the World Heavyweight Championship against The Great Khali in a Punjabi Prison match. While locked in the inner cage, neither competitor was able to escape through one of the four trap doors. Khali was able to escape the inner cage first. However, while climbing the outer cage, Batista, who had by this time reached the top of the inner cage, jumped to the outer cage to pull even with Khali. In a head-to-head race, Batista was able to reach the floor first, winning the match, and keeping his championship.
The main event of the evening saw a rematch from the start of the show, with Triple H defending the WWE Championship against former champion Randy Orton in a Last Man Standing match. The only way to win the match was to beat up the opponent so much that they could not answer the referee's ten-count. This was Triple H's third match of the evening, and Orton's second. In the end, Orton hit the RKO on Triple H over an announce table, and Triple H could not answer the ten-count. Orton won the WWE Championship for the second time of the night, and Triple H's eleventh world title reign lasted a little over two hours.

The following night on "RAW", Shawn Michaels returned after a five-month layoff to resume his feud with Randy Orton, who originally injured him back at Judgment Day. This feud also saw the inclusion of Mr. Kennedy and Jeff Hardy, who, along with Michaels, were named to a fan ballot to find out who was Orton's opponent for the WWE Championship at Cyber Sunday. Michaels won the ballot, but failed to win the championship.

Batista resumed his feud with The Undertaker after Taker interfered in a number one contenders match between Finlay and Rey Mysterio. He was subsequently named the top contender, which brought about a Batista vs. Taker match for Cyber Sunday, with Steve Austin winning a fan poll to become the special guest referee.

Candice Michelle used her rematch clause for the WWE Women's Championship on the October 22 version of "Raw" in a Two out of three falls match. Beth Phoenix got the upperhand and the first pinfall. Candice eventually got control in the match, but lost it after a botched move from the top rope, causing her to fall on her neck, shoulder and face. As a result, Candice suffered a cracked clavicle and Phoenix retained the title.




Reverse osmosis

Reverse osmosis is a way of purifying water with the use of a filter (a membrane). The particles in the water are left on the other side of the sheet, while the water travels through it.The main use is for purifying salt water, but it can also be used to purify other substances.

Transport Layer Security

Transport Layer Security (TLS) Protocol and its predecessor, Secure Sockets Layer (SSL), are cryptographic protocols that provide security and data integrity for communications over TCP/IP networks such as the Internet. Several versions of the protocols are common in applications such as electronic mail, instant messaging and voice-over-IP (VoIP).

The TLS protocol allows applications to communicate across a network in a way designed to prevent eavesdropping, tampering, and message forgery. TLS provides endpoint authentication and communications confidentiality over the Internet using cryptography. Most of the time, only the server is authenticated ("i.e.", its identity is ensured) while the client remains unauthenticated; this means that the end user (whether an individual or an application, such as a Web browser) can be sure with whom it is communicating. The next level of security is known as mutual authentication. Mutual authentication requires public key infrastructure (PKI) deployment to clients unless TLS-PSK or the Secure Remote Password protocol are used, which provide strong mutual authentication without needing to deploy a PKI.

SSL and TLS have been widely used in several open source software projects. Programmers may use the OpenSSL, NSS, or GnuTLS libraries for SSL/TLS functionality. Microsoft Windows includes SSL and TLS as part of its Secure Channel package. Delphi programmers may use a library called Indy.

The current approved version is 1.2, which is specified in:

The current standard obsoletes these former versions:

Other RFCs subsequently extended TLS, including:




Democratic-Republican Party

The Democratic-Republican Party was founded by Thomas Jefferson and James Madison in 1792. It became the most popular political party until the 1820s. In the 1824 United States presidential election it split into several factions, one of which became the modern-day Democratic Party. Its members spoke of the party as the Republicans, Jeffersonians, Democrats, or combinations of these (Jeffersonian republicans, etc.). A left-wing party, the party was based primarily on the concept of liberalism.

Jefferson and Madison created the party in order to oppose the economic and foreign policies of the Federalists, a party created a year or so earlier by Treasury Secretary Alexander Hamilton. Foreign policy issues were central; the party opposed the Jay Treaty of 1794 with Britain (then at war with France) and supported good relations with France before 1801. The party was against many of Hamilton's proposals concerning the Constitution.

Note that this party is different from the modern-day Republican Party.







Strict construction

Strict construction means a restriction of judicial interpretation. In the United States the phrase is also commonly used more loosely as a term for conservativism among the judiciary.

In its strict sense, strict construction requires a judge to apply the words as they are written and no farther, if the meaning of the text is clear. That is, judges should avoid drawing from a statute or constitution. 

For example, Justice Hugo Black argued that the First Amendment's injunction that "Congress shall make no law," should be construed strictly: the term "no law," Black thought, admitted virtually no exceptions.

Race Horses (band)

Race Horses are an indie/pop band from Aberystwyth, Wales. They started in 2005 as Radio Luxembourg. Its members were Meilyr Jones, Dylan Hughes, Gwion Llewelyn and Alun Gaffey. They split in 2012.

Radio Luxembourg

Radio Luxembourg may mean:


Assisi

Assisi is a town and a "comune" in Italy, in the region of Umbria. Assisi on the western side of the mountain called Mount Subasio. It is an important place because of its art, its architecture and its history. It is especially important to the Catholic religion. It was the birthplace of Saint Francis of Assisi, who was a Catholic saint. Saint Francis is most famous because he founded the Franciscan religious order in the year 1208. Saint Clare, a follower of Saint Francis, was also born in Assisi. She founded an order of religious women called the Poor Clares.

After Saint Francis and Saint Clare died, churches were built in their honor. The Church of Saint Francis, called the Basilica of Saint Francis of Assisi, is famous as his burial place. It is also famous for the fresco paintings on the walls and ceilings. Many visitors go to Assisi on pilgrimage. Many people also go there to see the town's art. Assisi was made into a UNESCO World Heritage Site in the year 2000. 
Around 1000 BC, large groups of people settled in this area. These were the Umbrians. They lived in small fortified villages on high ground. From 450 BC the Umbrians villages were taken over by the Etruscans. Then the Romans took control of central Italy by the "Battle of Sentinum" in 295 BC. They levelled out some land in terraces (wide steps) and built a large town called "Asisium" on the side of Mount Subasio. This town became "Assisi". Some buildings still can be seen from Roman times in Assisi. They include the walls, the main piazza, and the Temple of the Goddess Minerva, which is now a church called "Santa Maria sopra Minerva".

In 238 AD all the people of Assisi became Christian, because of the teaching of Bishop Rufino. He was martyred. It is believe that his body is buried under the Cathedral Church of San Rufino in Assisi.

The Ostrogoths of king Totila destroyed most of the town in 545. Then Assisi was the ruled by the Lombards, who came from the north of Italy, and then by the Frankish rulers.

In the 11th century (1000s), Assisi became a free town. But there was constant fighting between two groups called the Ghibellines and the Guelphs. Assisi mainly supported the Ghibellines, but the nearest big town, Perugia, supported the Guelphs. During the battle of Ponte San Giovanni (St. John's Bridge), the Guelphs from Perugia managed to capture a young man from Assisi. His name was Francesco di Bernardone. It was partly because of his experiences when he was captured that young Francesco decided that he would change from being a soldier. When he returned to his father's house, he put away all his riches and became a poor, wandering preacher, telling people to turn to God and live in peace with each other. He worked with the poor and the outcast people. They had no church except a ruin. St. Francis and his friends rebuilt the tiny ruined church for the shepherds and other poor people to worship in. It is called the "Porziuncola". Francesco (Francis) founded the Order of Franciscans. He was "canonized" (made a saint) in 1228 and is known as St. Francis. He is one of the most popular saints.

A large basilica church was built on the side of the mountain, in honour of St Francis, and was beautifully decorated with scenes of his life. One of the most famous scenes shows the story of St. Francis preaching to the birds. In 1997 Assisi was hit by the two earthquakes. Part of the roof of the basilica fell in, killing four people who were standing below, and damaging the painted ceiling. Many people "made donations" (gave money) to repair the building which was reopened less than two years later. 



The town has by two ancient castles. The oldest one was built by the Romans and is partly in ruins. 
The larger castle is called "Rocca Maggiore". It was built by Cardinal Albornoz in 1367 and was added to by Popes Pius II and Paul III. 
UNESCO has made all the main monuments, the churches and the town of Assisi as a World Heritage Site.

Festival Calendimaggio is held from May 1st-5th. There are processions, theatre, flag-weavers and dance.

Assisi Embroidery is a type of counted-thread embroidery which has been practised in Assisi since the 13th century.

Today the town has many groups coming to enjoy the simple peace of St. Francis. One such group has restored an 11th-century room and added altars to the world's religions. Pilgrims come from many countries to the Assisi East West Retreat Center in Piazza San Rufino in the spirit of St. Francis to sit and be in peace.



Federalist Party

</nowiki>

The Federalist Party (or Federal Party) was an American conservative political party from 1792 to 1816. The Federalists controlled the federal government until 1801. Alexander Hamilton formed the party during George Washington's first term. Hamilton built a network of supporters for his financial policies. Many supporters came from cities. These supporters grew into the Federalist Party, which wanted a fiscally sound and strong nationalistic government.

Hamilton and others published a number of newspaper essays in 1787 and 1788, which are known as Federalist Papers today. 

In 1789 with the start of the new government under the Constitution, President George Washington appointed his former chief of staff, Alexander Hamilton, to the office of Secretary of the Treasury. Hamilton wanted a strong national government with financial credibility. 

By 1790, Hamilton started building a nationwide coalition. He and his network of treasury agents tried to link together friends of the government, especially merchants and bankers, in the new nation's dozen major cities. His attempts to manage politics in the national capital to get his plans through Congress, then, "brought strong responses across the country. In the process, what began as a capital faction soon assumed status as a national faction and then, finally, as the new Federalist party." 

The party opposed the War of 1812 and dwindled away after the war in 1816. 


Special Forces Command (Turkey)

The Maroon Berets are a highly trained elite special operations armed force unit that was created by officers from the Turkish Army. They are also called "Bordo Bereliler". Their priority is to eliminate terrorists, attackers and foreign military threats on the Turkish Republic and provide homeland security. Other missions include behind enemy lines operations, high risk reconnaissance missions and front line engagement and termination missions.

There are three categories of education and training that a MB will undergo. These are Domestic, International and Specialty

Within these three categories, there are 47 different subjects. Domestic training takes 72 weeks of basic training; International training takes 10 to 52 weeks of specialized training in different countries. It takes 3.5 – 5 years to become a MB commando.

The Maroon Berets (MB) came into the public spotlight when they captured the PKK terrorist organization leader Abdullah Öcalan in Kenya. The identities of MB personal is classified. Unlike other special operations teams, MB Officers are battle hardened and are constantly operating and are active in the war on the PKK in the south eastern Iraqi border region of Turkey and even cross border action into Northern Iraq.

Birth of the Maroon Berets is just prior to the Korean War and immediately after World War II. Their first name was "Turkish Commandos" ().

In a bid to gain membership into NATO, Republic of Turkey sent army troops to combat during the Korean War. At the time the United States military didn't have special operations team therefore the Maroon Berets were the only special operations team to operate in the Korean War. MB officers would operate assault missions into North Korean territory and would recon and intelligence gathering missions into China. MB commandos were the only foreign armed force to operate on Chinese soil at that time. As of this date, the exact details and operations of the MB commandos in the Korean War remains classified.

In 1992, their name changed to "Maroon Berets" ().

The Maroon Berets remained highly active in the Turkish Invasion of Cyprus in 1974 ( also known as the 1974 Turkish-Greek war) and played a major role in the war. Turkish MB commandos priority throughout the war was to eliminate the Greek Junta armed forcein Cyprus which would ultimately cause the collapse of the Greek Junta Political-Military heavily armed force. The Maroon Berets and the Turkish Army would achieve this through two Invasions Invasion A and Invasion B with invasion scout and reconnaissance missions prior to Invasion A and Invasion B. Maroon Beret commandos would land undetected using high speed attack boats for Scouting and reconnaissance before the two main Invasion landing. They would sneak for miles giving locations for the main invasion landing vessels to land on, bomb coordinates for the Air Force to strike, map terrain, mark danger zones and hidden mine fields for the upcoming invading soldiers and plant charges to blow during the invasion. Their scouting and reconnaissance would last from 3 hours to 3 days. These missions were often highly risky and critical for the safety of Turkish Infantry troops, tanks and transport vehicles.

The Maroon Berets conduct daily operations against the PKK terrorist organization in the ongoing clashes between Turkish Security forces and Kurdish PKK Terrorists in an effort for an independent Kurdish state in south eastern Turkey and northern Iraq. Aside from daily operations Maroon Berets participated and led the Turkish Army into battle in 5 Invasions into Northern Iraq as far as 32 kilometers.

October 5th 1992, Operation Northern Iraq, in retaliation to an simultaneous attacks on 3 Turkish Gendarme Station which left 28 soldiers dead and 125 wounded. The Turkish Military captured 1,232 PKK terrorists and had killed another 1,551.

March 20th 1995, Operation Steel in retaliation of a Kurdish attack which left 64 Turkish soldiers dead and another 185 wounded. Result in the killing of 555 terrorists and the capture and execution of 13.

May 12th 1997, Operation Hammer in retaliation the a Kurdish attack which left 114 Turkish soldiers dead and another 338 wounded. Turkish Forces killed 2,730 and captured 415, all to be executed after prison sentences of 25 years.

September 25th 1997, operation Dawn, in retaliation to another attack which killed 31 Turkish soldiers and 91 wounded. 694 Killed and 151 executed on live television by firing squads in 3 different broadcasts.

February 21st, 2008 operation Sun in retaliation to a 5th Kurdish attack which killed 27 Turkish soldiers. Turkish Forces would kill 240 and capture 320, to jail.

All of the Invasions were led by Maroon Beret commandos followed by Gendarme Commandos and then by Army Soldiers.

Maroon Berets are all recruited from high rank Army officers who volunteer to join. Each recruit must have at least served 3 years as an Army soldier and must have certain amount of time received by Army operations either from exercises or actual clashes. They must undergo A) Domestic training witch takes 72 weeks B) International training takes 10 to 52 weeks depending on the rank of the volunteering officer. and C) specialty. After graduating from Special Operations Training commandos are tested before officially becoming an MB officer. They are expected to survive in all environmental conditions for at least 2 weeks, so they are left as an entire team in different environments each on with no equipment or help for 2 weeks as a part of the final testing stage. If they survive they become MB commandos. They are also tested by a number of other near impossible tests which can be anything from performing the Trust shot to a few questions on subjects they learned in training. On the last month of training Maroon Berets receive interrogation and torture training. The last month of training is called hell month, similar to the United States Navy Seals hell week training.
The Trust Shot () is a part of the MB's training program. It is exercised on the last month of the training and is to ensure that the soldiers can trust each other with their lives. The Trust Shot consists of two members of a squad standing next to paper target boards, while another member fires on the targets with a handgun while walking towards them from 15 meters (49.2 feet) away. The MB's are the only special operations team in the world to exercise the trust shot.

During the exercise the men standing next to the targets are not allowed to move or wear body armor.

Coalition

A coalition is an alliance, where the members work together. 

A coalition government, in a parliamentary system, is a government made from a coalition of parties. This means the union of different political parties or groups for a purpose, usually for a short time.

In international relations, a coalition can be a group of nations united for a specific purpose, such as fighting a war.


International relations

International relations is a branch of political science. Predominant study topics are politics, economics and law on a global level. It represents the study of foreign affairs and global issues among states within the international system, including the roles of states, diplomacy, international organizations (IGOs), non-governmental organizations (NGOs), and multinational corporations (MNCs). 

The United Nations (UN) is an international organization that describes itself as a "global association of governments facilitating co-operation in international law, international security, economic development, and social equity"; It is the most prominent international institution. Many of the legal institutions follow the same organisational structure as the UN.






Political science

Political science is a branch of social science that is concerned with theory, description, analysis and prediction of political behavior, political systems and politics.

Political scientists study the allocation and transfer of power in decision-making, the roles and systems of governance including governments and international organizations, political behavior and public policies. They measure the success of governance and specific policies by examining many factors, including stability, justice, material wealth, and peace. 




Thnks fr th Mmrs

"Thnks fr th Mmrs" is a 2007 song by Fall Out Boy. It is the second single from Infinity on High, the band's fourth album. It was released on March 27, 2007 in the United States. The title is "Thanks for the Memories" without the vowels. 

The song was able to make it to #9 on the Pop 100, #11 on the "Billboard" Hot 100, #13 on the Mainstream Top 40, #14 on the Adult Top 40, #14 on the Dance Club Songs, #19 on the Alternative Airplay, and #23 on the Rock Digital Songs charts. It was also certified 2× Platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA).

It was used by Network Ten in Australia to promote the 2007 AFL Finals Series.

That's What You Get

"That's What You Get" is a 2008 song by Paramore. It is off the album "RIOT!". Its music video was released on March 24, 2008.

It is the music video about which Hayley Williams said "You will really get to see who they are. We had a load of family and friends surround us for the video and it just felt so natural".

Also, in the video, the band plays in a room, as well as Williams outside singing to an audience and using body language.

Dimensionless quantity

In dimensional analysis, a dimensionless quantity (or more precisely, a quantity with the dimensions of 1) is a quantity without any physical units and thus a pure number. Such a number is typically defined as a product or ratio of quantities which do have units, in such a way that all the units cancel out.
""out of every 10 apples I gather, 1 is rotten."" -- the rotten-to-gathered ratio is (1 apple) / (10 apples) = 0.1 = 10%, which is a dimensionless quantity. 

There are infinitely many dimensionless quantities and they are often called numbers. Some of those that are used most often have been given names, as in the following list of examples (alphabetical order):

Dancing with the Stars

Dancing with the Stars is an American television series where professional dancers are partnered with celebrities. The couples compete against each other in a dance competition and one couple is eliminated in each episode. The show began in 2004 and is shown on the ABC television network. The show has different series which use various different names in over 40 countries. It was originally based on the British series "Strictly Come Dancing".

A video game has been made based on the show.

Tartu

Tartu is the second biggest city in Estonia. The University of Tartu, the oldest and most famous in Estonia is found there. Around 102,000 people were living in Tartu as of 2008.

These are the twin towns of Tartu:

Infinity on High

Infinity on High is the third album by American rock band Fall Out Boy, released in February 2007 by Island. It sold very well in the US and worldwide. Four singles have been released from it. They are "This Ain't a Scene, It's an Arms Race", "Thnks fr th Mmrs", ""The Take Over, the Breaks Over"" and "I'm Like a Lawyer with the Way I'm Always Trying to Get You Off (Me & You)".

All songs written by Fall Out Boy, except when noted.

Yellow Submarine

Yellow Submarine is a 1968 animated cartoon movie, based on the music of The Beatles, and was inspired by their song of the same name. It is also the title of two soundtrack albums, featuring the music used in the movie. It shows how animation can be different at the time, when animation was marketed towards children.

Beatles John Lennon and Paul McCartney wrote "Yellow Submarine" in 1966, with help from another singer, Donovan, who also performed on the Beatles's recording of it. The recording appeared on their "Revolver" album, released later the same year. It also became a single, with "Eleanor Rigby" as its flip side. Both songs became popular, but "Yellow Submarine" was especially liked by children.

King Features Syndicate, a cartoon publisher (who were also famous for Popeye the Sailor), produced an animated series featuring the Beatles's likenesses and songs. (The band themselves were not involved in the making or writing of the series, and did not like the series very much.) The Beatles had a contract with United Artists, to make three movies for them, but had not liked the way their second movie, "Help!", had turned out. They did not want to appear in another movie. When George Dunning and Al Brodax, who directed and produced their cartoon series, asked the Beatles for permission to make a cartoon based on "Yellow Submarine", they agreed mostly because the cartoon would help them finish their movie contract.

More Beatles songs (and ideas based on their song lyrics) would be featured in the movie. Along with using songs they had already recorded, the Beatles were expected to make new music especially for the cartoon. They did not put much effort into making this music. Instead they set aside songs, or songs that had not turned out as well as they had hoped, to give to the producers. In all, only four new songs were set aside for the movie. Two were written by George Harrison.

The band helped more with ideas for the movie's story, adding jokes and things they thought would make an audience laugh. Erich Segal, who later became famous for his novels "Love Story" and "Oliver's Story", helped write the screenplay for "Yellow Submarine". The Beatles' speaking voices in the movie were not their own, but were provided by actors.

The animators working on the movie did their best, to make it entertaining and interesting. George Martin, who was the Beatles's music producer, composed orchestral music to play behind the dialogue. He also worked hard, to make the music fit well with the of the cartoon.

The Beatles themselves produced a television special, "Magical Mystery Tour", which was shown on British TV over the Christmas holidays in 1967. It was strange, and did not have a normal storyline. Many people who saw it did not like it, and ABC in the United States cancelled their plans to show "Magical Mystery Tour" in America. The failure of the show hurt the Beatles's reputation, even though the soundtrack still sold well. "Yellow Submarine" was scheduled to appear in cinemas during 1968, and many hopes were placed on it, to be a success.

When the Beatles saw an unfinished version of the cartoon, they were very pleased and impressed with it. They decided to appear in a live action , to finish the movie. "Yellow Submarine" made its public debut on June 6, 1968, and became an instant hit with audiences, especially with children and families. Most of the people who saw the movie did not know how little the Beatles had really been involved with making it, or even thought to ask. Many of their later memories of the Beatles were based on what they saw in "Yellow Submarine".

Even though one song, "Hey Bulldog", had been recorded specially for the movie, its sequence was edited out of the American version. The title still appeared in its credits, however.

Much of the movie is set in "Pepperland", an country filled with happiness, music, kindness and peace. The "Blue Meanies", who hate anything that is positive, invade Pepperland, taking it over and doing their best to destroy everything that the Pepperlanders love. Old Fred, a servant of Pepperland's Lord Mayor, escapes the invasion in a yellow submarine, and seeks help.

He finds it in Liverpool, England, in the form of the Beatles, whom he brings back to Pepperland. They pass through the Sea of Time, the Sea of Holes, the Sea of Monsters, and the Sea of Green, finally reaching Pepperland. Disguised as Sergeant Pepper's Band (the official Pepperland band), they bring music back to the country, and are able to defeat the Blue Meanies. Rather than chase away or destroy the Blue Meanies, they instead invite them to the victory celebration. The Meanies change their ways, and learn to enjoy the things that make Pepperland a happy place.

The movie's soundtrack album did not appear until months after the movie was first shown. Another album, "The Beatles" (called the "White Album" by listeners, and later by the band themselves) came out first. The first half of "Yellow Submarine" featured the four new songs, the title song, and "All You Need Is Love", which played a major part in the storyline. The other half featured George Martin's orchestral score. Tape versions of the album also included "Lucy in the Sky with Diamonds", between the two halves.

Some critics and fans noticed that only a few Beatles songs appeared on the album, and were disappointed. Most did not care, and bought copies to hear the music. The album became another hit for the band.

"Yellow Submarine" was still popular years later, even after the Beatles disbanded in 1970. It appeared on television (including CBS) many times during the 1970s and 1980s, and also in small "second-run" theaters. During the 1970s, John Lennon and his wife Yoko Ono had a son together, named Sean. Sean did not know his parents were famous. One day he saw the movie on television at his babysitter's house, and came home full of questions about his father's Beatle past. Lennon told Sean that he gave up being a famous musician, so he could be a family man.

When home video came along, "Yellow Submarine" was released on videotape, and copies sold well.

In 1998, "Yellow Submarine" was remastered for a re-release, thirty years after it first appeared. Movie and recording technology had improved greatly over the years, and both the producers and Apple Corps, the Beatles's company, did not want the movie to seem old or outdated. They put much work into the remastering. The original version had been in sound. Most movie theaters now had Surround Sound, and the producers wanted to upgrade the sound if they could.

For many years the Beatles had not allowed any remixing of their music. They made an exception for "Yellow Submarine", though. Technicians went back to the original recordings, using new machines and ideas to make them sound better than ever before. John Lennon had died in 1980, but the surviving former Beatles all approved the new mixes. Ringo Starr was impressed most of all, and was pleased that parts of the music could be heard, that had never been heard before.

Along with a theatrical re-release, the remastered "Yellow Submarine" was also issued on videotape and DVD. A new soundtrack (called "songtrack") album was also issued, that included the new mixes of all the songs used in the movie. (George Martin's orchestral music was not included, but was available on the original soundtrack, which was still for sale.)

Discrete cosine transform

A discrete cosine transform is a math process that can be used to make things like MP3s, and JPEGs smaller. It does this by breaking the sound or picture into different frequencies.

One way to calculate a discrete cosine transform is to use the Fourier transformation.
"Discrete" means that it works on discrete-time signals (sampled data).

For sounds, frequencies are the same as simple tones. You can make any sound by playing several tones at the same time. The discrete cosine transform is a way to find out which tones to play in order to make a given sound. The only difference between the tones is their pitch.

Human ears are good at hearing low pitches, but bad at hearing high pitches. If you use the DCT to break a sound into tones, you do not need to be as careful when playing the higher tones because people cannot hear them as well. MP3 encoders (programs which make MP3s) use this fact to make the sound smaller.

With pictures, frequencies are like stripes and checker patterns. Just like with sound, you can make any picture out of different frequencies. Also like sound, people's eyes are not as good at seeing high frequencies (hard edges and fine grain) as low frequencies (solid colors and smooth shades). JPEG encoders use this fact almost exactly the same way as MP3 encoders do.

Donald Tusk

Donald Franciszek Tusk (, born 22 April 1957) is a Polish politician who is the current Prime Minister of Poland since 2023. He was prime minister before from 2007 to 2014. Before, he was the President of the European Council. He was the leader of the biggest Polish political party, Platforma Obywatelska (Civic Platform). In August 2014, Tusk was elected to become the next President of the European Council.

In March 2017, Tusk was reelected as President of the European Council.

On 11 December, Tusk was formally nominated to become Prime Minister for a second time, and assumed office on 13 December.


French polish

French polishing is a way of giving a high standard of finish to wood.

The careful and skilled multiple-layering of shellac polish on properly prepared wood when completed results in a lusterous, perfectly flat shine of a very high standard. Indeed when applied correctly a French polished application can rarely be matched for sheer quality of finish.

Normally practiced by highly skilled craftsmen and women one might normally fine excellent examples of this superb finish in some of our stately homes although plenty of other examples exist. The advent of lacquered wood finishes has tended to make French polishing less needed in today's world.

Representative

Representative may refer to:

Irregular bone

The irregular bones are bones that from their peculiar form, cannot be grouped as long bone, short bone, flat bone or sesamoid bone. 

Irregular bones serve some special purpose in the body: 

(1) protection of nervous tissue (such as the vertebrae protect the spinal cord), 

(2) affording multiple anchor points for skeletal muscle attachment (as with the sacrum), and maintaining pharynx and trachea support, and tongue attachment (such as the hyoid bone).

The irregular bones are: the vertebræ, sacrum, coccyx, temporal, sphenoid, ethmoid, zygomatic, maxilla, mandible, palatine, inferior nasal concha, and hyoid.

Political representation

In politics, representation describes how political power is given from a large group for a certain time period in the hands of a comparatively small group of its members. Representation usually refers to representative democracies, where elected officials (called "representatives") nominally speak for their electors in the legislature. Generally, only citizens have representation in the government in the form of voting rights. The term representation can be used in a number of different ways. Representation can be understood in terms of how legislators represent their constituents.



Lag

Lag is a word that means to fail in keeping pace or to fall behind. This term is used a lot by people who are talking about video games that have a delay between when a player presses a button on a controller and something happening in the game. This happens more often during online gaming when the access point a player is using is far away or when other players are using slower connections, such as dial-up. The slowing down of a website when more people get onto that website can also be called lag.

Sortition

Allotment, also known as sortition, is a method of selection by some form of lottery. It is used to have an equal chance to be selected for those that are involved. For instance it is done by drawing coloured pebbles from a bag. In the democracy of Athens in Ancient Greece sortition was the main method for appointing officials. People thought it this method was one of the principal characteristics of democracy. 

Aristotle saw equality and democracy in a close context:

"Democracy arose from the idea that those who are equal in any respect are equal absolutely. All are alike free, therefore they claim that all are free absolutely... The next is when the democrats, on the grounds that they are all equal, claim equal participation in everything."



Round Table

The Round Table was a table used by King Arthur and his knights, in the legends about him. The Round Table was in Camelot, the castle where King Arthur and his knights lived. In the legends, they met at the table to talk about the safety of Camelot and the kingdom, and about what adventures and quests they could go on. This got them the name 'The Knights of the Round Table'.

The shape of the table was very important. Most tables are rectangular, and have a place called the "head of the table". This is the narrow part at the top, where the leader usually sits. Because the table was round, it meant that the people who sat around it were all seen as equal.

The table is used by King Arthur and his knights. King Arthur's wife, Guinevere, did not have a seat at the table, but King Arthur did take her advice on occasion. In some versions of the legend, the wizard who lived in Camelot, called Merlin, also had a seat at the table. He was seen by King Arthur as a good friend and adviser. 

Some legends also note a special chair at the Round Table, called the "Siege Perilous", or 'Dangerous Chair'. Legend says that the seat could only be used by a knight who had a pure heart. A person with a pure heart was seen as someone who had committed no crimes or done any wrong. In the tale, anyone who sat in the chair but did not have a pure heart would die instantly. It was kept free by Merlin for the person who would one day find an object called the Holy Grail. This was a magical cup that was supposed to have been the one that Jesus drank out of during the Last Supper. In the story, this person was either Sir Galahad or Sir Percival, depending on what version of the story is told.


This Ain't a Scene, It's an Arms Race

"This Ain't A Scene, It's an Arms Race" is a 2007 single by Fall Out Boy. It is from the album "Infinity on High". The song reached number 1 in New Zealand, the United States and Croatia.

The video clip starts off with the band finishing performing "Dance, Dance". They then walk off the stage, and one person starts playing "This Ain't a Scene, It's an Arms Race" on their mobile phone MP3 player. They then start performing the song in a recording studio. From the second verse, the band all do separate things.

The Carpal Tunnel of Love

"The Carpal Tunnel of Love" is a 2007 single by Fall Out Boy. It was released in the United States on February 5, 2007, on the iTunes Store, and was not put out on a CD. The music video contains people from the television program "Happy Tree Friends".


The Take Over, the Breaks Over

"The Take Over, The Breaks Over" (the quotes are a part of the name) is a 2007 song by the band Fall Out Boy. It was released in 2007 on their album "Infinity on High".

The video focuses on Pete Wentz's dog, Hemmingway. The video, which was made in black and white, shows Hemmingway in a dream.

Doge

Doge (plural dogi or doges) is a word of an Italian dialect that comes from the Latin "dux" (as does the English "duke" and the standard Italian "duce"), that means "leader", especially in a military context.

The title of doge was used for the elected head of state in a number of Italian "crowned republics". The two best known such republics were Venice and Genoa, which had maritime, commercial, and territorial mini-empires. Sometimes the Doge ruled for life; sometimes for a fixed number of years.

Doge (disambiguation)

Doge may refer to:

Valverde Province

Valverde is a province of the Dominican Republic. It is in the northwestern part of the country. Its capital city is Mao.

It was created on 1959. It was a municipality of the Santiago province before being elevated to the category of province.

The province was named Valverde after José Desiderio Valverde, an officer of the Dominican army when the Dominican-Haitian War. Later, he was President of the Dominican Republic for one year (July 1857 - August 1858). He was from Santiago de los Caballeros.

Very few people lived in the lands of the Valverde province because it is very dry; there were only some people raising cattle in large ranches. The Spanish word for those ranches was "Hato" and there are many places in the province with the word "Hato" in their names (Hato del Yaque, Hato Nuevo, Hato Viejo, Hato del Medio) or "Hatico" (small "Hato").

The road from the border with Haiti to Santiago de los Caballeros, the second most important city of the country, went across this region and during the Dominican-Haitian War (1844-1856), Haitian armies came across this region and people did not want to live here.

In 1918, a Belgian engineer, Luis L. Bogaert ("Monsieur Bogaert"), built a canal to take water from the river to the fields and he began to grow rice. That was an important change in the province and now Valverde is a province where rice is an important product.

Since the Dominican Independence, the territory was part of the Santiago province. It was made a province in 1959 with lands of the Santiago and the Monte Cristi provinces, with the municipality of Esperanza; in 1978, Laguna Salada became a municipality of the province.

The municipal districts of the province were created in:

The Valverde province is in the northwest part of the "Cibao" valley. It is bordered to the north by the Puerto Plata province, to the east and south by the Santiago province, to the southwest by the Santiago Rodríguez province and to the west by the Monte Cristi province.

In (last national census), there were people living in the Valverde province, and 129,071 () living in towns and cities. The population density was persons/km².

Its population represents of the total population of the country and the province is ranked as the 18th (out of 31 plus the National District) more populated province.

, the total estimated propulation of the province is 171,754 inhabitants.

The largest city of the province is Mao, its head municipality or capital, with an urban population (in ) of 49,714 inhabitants.

The Valverde province has a total area of . It has of the area of the Dominican Republic and it is ranked as the 28th (out of 31 plus the National District) largest province.

The altitude of the provincial capital, Mao, is above sea level.

Most of the province is in a valley along the Yaque del Norte and Mao rivers.

The province is separated from the Puerto Plata province by the "Cordillera Septentrional" mountain range. The highest mountain of the province is in this range: "Loma Jicomé", also called "El Murazo"; it is high.

South of the city of Mao are the "Sierra Samba" (a chain of low hills) and part of the "Cordillera Central" mountain range. The highest mountains of the island are in the Cordillera Central but in the Valverde province there are only low mountains.

There are several important rivers that flow through the territory of the province. The most important river is the Yaque del Norte, that flows from east to west; the other rivers are all tributaries of Yaque del Norte. Other important rivers are Mao and Ámina that come from the Cordillera Central; those rivers that flow from the Cordillera Septentrional are very short and do not have much water.

The climate of the province is a tropical climate, hot during the whole year.

There are 3 municipalities and 10 municipal districts (M.D.) in the province.

The main economic activity of the province is farming and the main products are banana, plantain, rice and vegetables. Cattle is alto important in the province, mainly in the southern part of it.

Sugar cane was grown around the city Esperanza where there was a sugar factory. But the factory closed and sugar cane is not grown any more. Now there are some cloth factories in Esperanza.

Serket

Serket was an ancient Egyptian goddess. She was shown as a scorpion. She would sting "bad" people, but she could also cure scorpion stings and other poisons, such as snake bites. Because Serket could cure snake bites, she was sometimes known as the protector from Apep, the evil snake-god.

She was shown in art as a scorpion or as a woman with a scorpion on her head. Serket did not have any temples, but she had many priests.

Many people in ancient Egypt who were bitten by poisonous animals died from the poison. Because of this, Serket was also known as a protector of the dead. She was associated with fluids that cause stiffening during embalming. This caused her to become known as a protector of embalmers' tents and of the canopic jar for the intestine ("Qebehsenuf"). The intestine's canopic jar was the one associated with poisons. 

Because she was a protector of canopic jars, Serket was associated with Aset (Isis), and Nebet Het (Nephthys) and Neith. Later, Serket began to be known as Isis. Serket came to be known as a part of Isis, instead of a separate goddess.

Tempera

Tempera (sometimes known as "egg tempera") is a type of artist's paint. It was the main medium used for panel painting and illuminated manuscripts in the Byzantine world and the Middle Ages in Europe, until it was replaced by oil painting as the most popular medium for large paintings. It is still used for Orthodox icons. Some modern painters use tempera. 

In modern times, some manufacturers call ordinary poster paint by the name of "tempera". Poster paint is not really tempera. It is a different type of paint called gouache. 

Egg yolk (the yellow part of the egg) dries and sticks very firmly. It is used to mix and set the paints in a tempera painting. The colours are ground up into dry powders that must be mixed by the artist. In earlier times, some of the paints were very poisonous and the artist had to be careful not to breathe in the powdered paint. The paints are generally mixed with equal parts of egg yolk and water. If there is too much egg, the paint is gooey. If there is too much water, it is runny. Neither of these things are good. Some artists like to mix some of the egg white as well, for a different effect. Sometimes some oil is added. In ancient times other things were added which might include honey, milk and plant gums.

The painting must be done over a "ground" that has already been prepared. The "ground" is smooth flat paint on a strong board that does not bend. The paint must be put on in thin layers with tiny brush strokes that dry very quickly. Because the paint is transparent the artists use a special technique. They often paint the shadows on the figure before they paint the skin colour and colour of the clothing over the top. 

When the painting is finished, it is not very brightly coloured, until it has been varnished. This makes the colours bright and shiny. The good thing about tempera painting is that the colours do not change over the years, whereas oil paintings change, get darker and go more yellow. Tempera paintings can last well for at least two thousand years. Because tempera paintings take a long time to do, many of them are small. Sometimes artists painted large altarpieces in tempera. One of the biggest tempera paintings is Duccio's picture of the Madonna and Child in the Uffizi Gallery. It is about 15 feet high. Another very famous large tempera painting is Botticelli's "Birth of Venus" which is also in the Uffizi. 

Some of the oldest paintings in tempera are funeral portraits of dead people done is Egypt during the time of Ancient Rome. Tempera continued to be used for Christian religious paintings. It was the medium for Greek icons and was used in Italy and many other countries until oil painting came into use, in about 1500. Most of the famous Italian Renaissance painters used tempera. This includes Duccio, Giotto, Fra Angelico, Botticelli and Michelangelo. In Northern Europe they used oil paint. This started to become popular in Italy in the 1570s. Leonardo painted the "Mona Lisa" in oil paint. Nowadays, although oil paint and vinyl paint are much more common, some artists paint in tempera. One of the most famous tempera painters of the 20th century is Andrew Wyeth.

Decision-making

Decision making is the mental process that leads to the selection of an action among several alternatives. Every decision making process produces a final choice. The output can be an action or an opinion.

There is a growing awareness that people often make good decisions rapidly without knowing how they do it. This runs against the older rational decision-making ideas.



Trichotillomania

Trichotillomania (TTM) (often called "trich") is an impulse control disorder. It causes a person to habitually pull out their hair. People with trichotillomania may pull hair from anywhere on the body. Sometimes people with trich end up having large areas on the body without hair. 

Trichotillomania is listed in the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders (DSM). The DSM is written by the American Psychiatric Association. It lists every condition which is officially called a mental illness. The DSM puts trich in the "impulse control disorder" category. However, there are questions about what category trich should be in. At different times, it may seem to be a habit, an addiction, a tic disorder, or an obsessive-compulsive disorder.

Terror

Terror is a state of fear, an overwhelming sense of imminent danger.

Terror could also mean:






Reign of Terror

The Reign of Terror or simply The Terror was a period of about 11 months during the French Revolution, led by Maximilien de Robespierre. During this time, French people who did not support the revolution were executed at the guillotine.

The Reign of Terror was announced on 5 September, 1793. A Revolutionary Tribunal decided who would be killed. This happened more and more often in June and July of 1794, a period called "la Grande Terreur" (The Great Terror). On 17 July 1794, sixteen nuns attracted much attention by singing a religious song as they were being executed for treason. The Terror ended ten days later, when several important leaders of the Reign of Terror were executed, including Saint-Just and Robespierre. The Terror took the lives of between 18,500 to 40,000 people.

Robespierre died due to the Thermidorian Reaction against the Jacobins, by being executed with the guillotine. This was a revolt against the revolution otherwise called a counter-revolution. Robespierre was one of the last to be guillotined, after the 21 followers.


Faction

Faction or factionalism can refer to:

Political faction

A political faction is a grouping of individuals, especially within a political organization, such as a political party, a trade union, or other group with a political purpose. 
It may also be called a power bloc, or a voting bloc. 

The individuals within a faction are united in a common goal for the organization they are a part of. They stick together to achieve this goal and improve their position within the organization.

A political faction could be described as a “party within a party”. But political factions are not limited to political parties; they can form within any group that has some sort of political aim or purpose.



In the history of the Republic of China from 1911 until 1949, factionalisation within the Chinese Nationalist Kuomintang was a large problem for the central government, especially for Chiang Kai-Shek. Warlord factions which had been persuaded to ally with Chiang had to be constantly pacified, as well as regional military governors who ruled regions that were not directly administered by Chiang's central government. Often historians conclude that this lack of unity contributed to the defeat of the Nationalists in holding mainland China during the Chinese Civil War.


French Constitution of 1791

The French Constitution of 1791 was the second written Constitution of France. The new French Government started using it after the French Revolution. It had the Declaration of the Rights of Man and of the Citizen for its introduction.

This Constitution said that France was going to have a constitutional monarchy. The biggest disagreement was over how much power the King of France should have in such a system. After very long negotiations, the first Constitution was brought in September of 1791. 

It created a constitutional monarchy. But the king ran away anyways, because he was scared of the Jacobins, who didn't like kings.

The idea of Separation of powers was the basis for the Constitution: The National Convention was the legislative body, the King and the Ministers made up the executive branch, and the judicial branch was independent from the other two. However, the French Revolution still continued after this document was signed. 

The constitution tried to create a liberal bourgeois constitutional monarchy, but this did not work out. On 10 August 1792 the monarchy of France ended. 


Executive

Executive may mean:


Knights of the Round Table

The Knights of the Round Table were characters in the legends about King Arthur. They were the best knights in King Arthur's kingdom, and lived in King Arthur's castle, Camelot. They were called the Knights of the "Round Table" because of a special table that was in Camelot, that was round instead of rectangular. This meant that everyone who sat around it was seen as trustworthy and equal.

In order to become a Knight of the Round Table, a knight had to prove he was chivalrous (polite) enough. In the legend, the knights swore a Code of Chivalry, which is much like an oath is today. This meant that they promised to uphold the rules given to them once they became a Knight of the Round Table.

Sir Thomas Malory wrote a book based on the legend of King Arthur. It was called "Le Morte d'Arthur". In it, he wrote his version of the Code of Chivalry:


In different stories, there are different numbers of knights, ranging from 12 to more than 150. The Winchester Round Table shows 25 Knights. The most commonly mentioned in literature include:
This is a list of other knights mentioned as being Knights of the Round Table.

In the 2014 movie, "", each of the Kingsman agents is named after one of the knights of the Round Table. Gary "Eggsy" Unwin, the main character, has the code name 'Galahad'. This is also the code name of Harry Hart, Eggsy's mentor. Roxy Morton, the only female Kingsman, has the codename 'Lancelot'. 'Arthur' is the codename for the leader of Kingsman, while 'Merlin' is the codename for their trainer and tech coordinator. These characters are also mentioned in "Kingsman: The golden circle", the second part of the franchise.

One of the fictional "Fate" media franchise's most well known characters, "Saber" aka Artoria Pendragon, is a female character based on King Arthur. In the mobile game "Fate/Grand Order", she alongside various other Knights of the Round Table (Lancelot, Gawain, Bedivere, Tristan), as well as Mordred, can be summoned as usable characters. Additionally, in "Fate/Grand Order", Sir Galahad is the Heroic Spirit that was summoned into the body of another character in the game, Mash Kyrielight, and therefore is the one to bestow her his powers.



Executive (government)

The executive is the branch of government that is responsible for the day-to-day management of the state. ("Executive" is short for executive branch or executive power.)

Under the doctrine of the separation of powers, the executive is not supposed to make laws (role of the legislature), nor to interpret them (role of the judiciary). The executive is supposed to put the laws into action.

The executive is led by the head of government. The head of government is assisted by a number of ministers, who usually have responsibilities for particular areas (e.g. health, education, foreign affairs), and by many government employees or civil servants.

In a presidential system, this person (the President) may also be the head of State, but in a parliamentary system, he or she is usually the leader of the largest party in the legislature and is most commonly termed the Prime Minister (Taoiseach in the Republic of Ireland, (Federal) Chancellor in Germany and Austria). In France, executive power is shared between the President and the Prime Minister and this system has been reproduced in a number of former French colonies. Switzerland and Bosnia and Herzegovina have similar systems.

Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change

The Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) is a group of scientists chosen by governments and other large groups from around the world who study the way that humans are making the Earth heat up unnaturally. The group was established in 1988 by the World Meteorological Organization (WMO) and the United Nations Environment Programme (UNEP), two organizations of the United Nations.

The IPCC shared the 2007 Nobel Peace Prize with former Vice President of the United States Al Gore who won for working on the same problems.

A lot of IPCC work is publishing reports about the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change (UNFCCC), an international agreement that human inventions and chemistry may make the Earth too hot to live on. The UNFCCC was the beginning of the Kyoto Protocol. Members of the IPCC read, write, and calculate as much as they can. Only member states of the WMO and UNEP may be members of IPCC.
A lot of professors trust the IPCC work.

The first IPCC report was published in 1990. More was added to that report in 1992. The second report was published in 1995, the third was published in 2001, and a fourth in 2007. Each report is in three books called Working Groups 1, 2 and 3. Most times "the IPCC report" means the Working Group I report, which is about basic climate change.

The Fourth Assessment Report (AR4) was completed in early 2007. Like earlier IPCC reports, it contains four reports, three of them from its working groups.

Working Group 1 was about the "Physical Science Basis of Climate Change."
The Working Group 1 report was published on February 2 2007 and revised on February 2007. There was also a February 2 2007 press release. The full Working Group 1 report was published in March. The main report says:

The Summary for Policymakers for the Working Group 2 (IPCC wg2 ) report was published on April 6, 2007.
The Summary for Policymakers for the Working Group 3 report was published on May 4, 2007.

The Third Assessment Report (TAR) contains four reports, three of them from its working groups:

The "headlines" from the Summary for Policymakers in "The Scientific Basis" were:


The estimate for the climate sensitivity was 1.5 to 4.5 °C; and the average temperature was predicted to increase by 1.4 to 5.8 Celsius degrees between 1990 and 2100, and the sea level was predicted to rise between 0.1 and 0.9 meters. The range of predictions is based on different levels of human carbon dioxide production. Each perdiction has different possible outcomes.

MIT professor Richard Lindzen, who works for the IPCC Working Group 1, claims some of the IPCC reports are wrong. He told the U.S. Senate Committee on Commerce, Science and Transportation that he was unhappy about the Executive Summary based on his work in May 2001. He said that he told the IPCC they were making mistakes and the Working Group 1 report said that meant they were "making improvements".

Professor Lindzen said:

The summary does not reflect the full document... For example, I worked on Chapter 7, Physical Processes. This chapter dealt with the nature of the basic processes which determine the response of climate, and found numerous problems with model treatments – including those of clouds and water vapor. The chapter was summarized with the following sentence: 'Understanding of climate processes and their incorporation in climate models have improved, including water vapor, sea-ice dynamics, and ocean heat transport.'

The Working Group 1 report said:

"Climate Change 1995", the IPCC Second Assessment Report (SAR), was finished in 1996. It was made in four parts:

Each of the working groups was made by its own working group, and each has a Summary for Policymakers (SPM) that is a list of agreements by governments. The Summary for Policy Makers of the Working Group 1 report says:


Three scientists involved in climate research believe that the IPCC reports do not accurately summarize the state of knowledge.

On December 20, 1995, Reuters news agency claimed a British scientist Keith Shine, one of IPCC's most important authors, talking about the Policymakers' Summary, said: "We produce a draft, and then the policymakers go through it line by line and change the way it is presented... It's peculiar that they have the final say in what goes into a scientists' report". Keith Shine did not say what differences the changes make.

Frederick Seitz, a physicist of Rockefeller University, said the IPCC report was not good, writing "I have never witnessed a more disturbing corruption of the peer-review process than the events that led to this IPCC report". He opposed it in the Leipzig Declaration of S. Fred Singer's Science and Environmental Policy Project.

Professor Seitzs comments were opposed by the presidents of the American Meteorological Society and University Corporation for Atmospheric Research, who wrote about an effort by some people make it seem that humans had not changed the climate. Special insert .

S. Fred Singer said that :

Benjamin D. Santer, Lead Author of Chapter 8 of 1995 IPCC Working Group 1 report, said :

The Second Assessment Report was the only one with a chapter on the economic effect of climate change. This part of the report was thought to be unfair because the value of life in poorer countries was less.

The 1992 supplementary report was an update of the 1990 report, requested for the Framework Convention on Climate Change at the Earth Summit (United Nations Conference on Environment and Development) in Rio de Janeiro in 1992.

It did not make any important changes to the 1990 report. It claimed the prediction methods in the First Assessment Report, were now improved, but did not include aerosol or ozone changes.

The IPCC first assessment report was completed in 1990, and used to make the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change (UNFCCC).

The Working Group 1 report says:

The Chairperson of the IPCC is Rajendra K. Pachauri, elected in May 2002; before that Robert Watson headed the IPCC. The chairperson is helped by an elected Bureau including vice-chairpersons, Working Group co-chairpersons and a Secretariat (see below).

The IPCC Panel is made of people from governments and other groups. Scientific experts are preferred. Meetings of the IPCC and IPCC Working Groups are held by members of governments. Non-Governmental and Intergovernmenta Organizations may be allowed to attend as observers. Meetings of the IPCC Bureau, workshops, experts and lead authors are by invitation only. 350 government officials and climate change experts visited the 2003 meeting. The meeting report says there were 322 persons in attendance at meetings with about seven-eighths of visitors being from governments.

There are several major groups:

The IPCC receives funding from UNEP, WMO, and its own Trust Fund which gets money from governments.

People from over 130 countries contributed to the IPCC Fourth Assessment Report over 6 years. These people included more than 2500 scientific expert reviewers, more than 800 contributing authors, and more than 450 lead authors.

The Working Group 1 report of 2007 (including the summary for policy makers) included contributions by 600 authors from 40 countries, over 620 expert reviewers, a large number of government reviewers, and representatives from 113 governments.

The IPCC activities are controlled by the WMO Executive Council and UNEP Governing Council to support the UN Framework Convention on Climate Change.

In April 2006, the IPCC released the "IPCC Fourth Assessment Report" or AR4. Reports of the workshops held so far are available at the IPCC website.

The AR4 Synthesis Report (SYR) was finalized in November 2007. Documentation on the meetings for the AR4 are available , the outlines for the Working Group 1 report and a provisional author list .

The IPCC also supports other activities, such as the Data Distribution Centre Welcome to the IPCC Data Distribution Centre and the National Greenhouse Gas Inventories Programme IPCC - Task Force on National Greenhouse Gas Inventories. This involves estimating greenhouse gas based on the levels of fuel used, industrial production and so on.

The IPCC also answers questions from the UNFCCC Subsidiary Body for Scientific and Technological Advice (SBSTA).

The IPCC reports are a collection of peer reviewed and published science. Each IPCC report explains improvements to the previous report and also explains where more research is needed.

There are usually three stages in the review :
Review comments are open to the public for at least five years.

There are several ways to agree what goes into the reports:

The Panel controls what the IPCC agrees on to meet standards. The Panel's "approval" process has been criticized for changing what the experts put in the Reports.

Each chapter has a lot of authors who are responsible for writing and editing the material. A chapter usually has two "Coordinating" Lead Authors who control what words go in their chapter, ten to fifteen Lead Authors, and a larger number of Contributing Authors. The Lead Authors put together the work of the other authors and report to the Working Group chairs. Lead Authors write sections of chapters. Contributing Authors prepare text, graphs and data.

Authors are chosen from a list of researchers prepared by governments, other important groups, the Working Group/Task Force Bureaux, and other experts (, 4.2.1,2). The group of Coordinating Lead Authors and Lead Authors for a section or chapter of a Report is expected to have many different views and to have people from different parts of the world.

In December 2007, the IPCC was awarded The Nobel Peace Prize 2007 "for their efforts to build up and disseminate greater knowledge about man-made climate change, and to lay the foundations for the measures that are needed to counteract such change." The award is shared with Former U.S. Vice-President Al Gore for his work on climate change and the documentary "An Inconvenient Truth".

In January 2005 Christopher Landsea resigned from work on the IPCC AR4, saying that it was "both being motivated by pre-conceived agendas and being scientifically unsound" because of Kevin Trenberth of the National Center for Atmospheric Research's idea that global warming was contributing to recent hurricane activity. Roger A. Pielke who published Landsea's letter writes: "How anyone can deny that political factors were everpresent in the negotiations isn't paying attention", but says that "Despite the pressures, on tropical cyclones they figured out a way to maintain consistency with the actual balance of opinion(s) in the community of relevant experts." He continues "So there might be a human contribution (and presumably this is just to the observed upwards trends observed in some basins, and not to downward trends observed in others, but this is unclear) but the human contribution itself has not been quantitatively assessed, yet the experts, using their judgment, expect it to be there. In plain English this is what is called a 'hypothesis' and not a 'conclusion.' And it is a fair representation of the issue."

The IPCC Third Assessment Report showed a graph labeled "Millennial Northern Hemisphere temperature reconstruction" from a paper by Michael Mann, Bradley and Hughes (MBH98) often called the "Hockey Stick Graph". This graph was different to the IPCC First assessment report which showed global temperature for the past 1000 years, and higher temperatures during the Medieval Warm Period. The graph was thought to show that temperatures between 1000 and 1900 were very different. This was criticized in an article by Stephen McIntyre and Ross McKitrick. In a 2006 letter to "Nature", Bradley, Hughes and Mann claimed the original article had said that they could not be exact.

Some critics say the IPCC reports underestimate dangers, understate risks, and report only the lowest risks.

On February 1, 2007, the night before publication of IPCCs report on climate, a study was published saying that temperatures and sea levels have been rising at or above the speed the IPCC reported in 2001. The study compared IPCC 2001 predictions of temperature and sea level change with what actually happened. Over the six years, the actual temperature rise was near the top end of the range given by IPCC's 2001 prediction and the actual rise was more than the top of the range the IPCC predicted.

An example of scientific research which has indicated that predictions by the IPCC have uderstated risks is a study on rises in sea levels.

Political influence on the IPCC has been shown by the release of a memo by ExxonMobil to the Bush administration, and its effects on the IPCCs leadership. The Bush administration, at the request of ExxonMobil, wanted rid of Robert Watson, a climate scientist and IPCC chairperson, and to have him replaced by Pachauri, who was seen at the time as more friendly to industry.

In 2005, the UK House of Lords Select Committee on Economic Affairs produced a report on the economics of climate change. It commented on the IPCC process:

"We have some concerns about the objectivity of the IPCC process, with some of its emissions scenarios and summary documentation apparently influenced by political considerations. There are significant doubts about some aspects of the IPCCs emissions scenario exercise, in particular, the high emissions scenarios. The Government should press the IPCC to change their approach. There are some positive aspects to global warming and these appear to have been played down in the IPCC reports; the Government should press the IPCC to reflect in a more balanced way the costs and benefits of climate change. The Government should press the IPCC for better estimates of the monetary costs of global warming damage and for explicit monetary comparisons between the costs of measures to control warming and their benefits. Since warming will continue, regardless of action now, due to the lengthy time lags.



Zimmermann Telegram

The Zimmermann Telegram (also called the Zimmermann Note) was a telegram sent to Mexico from Germany on January 16, 1917. It was what made America enter World War I. It is named for the German man who sent it, Arthur Zimmermann. Zimmermann was the German Foreign Secretary (took care of things with other countries). Zimmermann sent it to the German ambassador in the United States, Johann von Bernstorff. Bernstorff then sent it to the German ambassador in Mexico, Heinrich von Eckardt.

The telegram's message was:

The telegram told the ambassador to ask the Mexicans to join the war on the German side by attacking America. Germany promised to help Mexico take back land the United States had taken from Mexico in the Mexican–American War. These places were Texas, New Mexico, and Arizona. Germany wanted Mexico to enter the war so America would be too busy to help the enemies of Germany. Mexico was already busy with the Mexican Revolution and did not like the idea. 

The British secretly got the telegram. They were able to decode the telegram. They held on to the telegram until February 24, 1917. They gave it to President Woodrow Wilson of the United States of America. President Wilson published the telegram so the people would know about it. The telegram made the American people angry. Wilson asked the United States Congress for a Declaration of war against Germany. Congress accepted the request on April 2, 1917. The United States of America announced war on Germany on April 6, 1917. Americans were already angry over German submarines sinking ships, but this telegram is what made America come into the war.


Battle of Stalingrad

The Battle of Stalingrad (1942-1943) was fought during the Second World War between Nazi Germany led by Adolf Hitler and the Soviet Union led by Joseph Stalin . They were fighting for control of the city of Stalingrad. Germany got support from Italy, Hungary, Croatia and Romania . The battle was fought between 23 August 1942 and 2 February 1943. It was one of the most important battles of the war because it marked the end of Germany's advances. Hitler even blamed his defeat partly on Stalingrad. The Battle of Stalingrad has often been recorded as an example of how brutal a war can be. It is reported that, due to limited supplies, soldiers and civilians had to resort to eating rats, mice, and even cannibalism.

Stalingrad, now Volgograd, was a city on the Volga River. It was an important industrial city, and the Volga was an important transport route. Hitler also wanted to capture Stalingrad because it was named after Joseph Stalin, the leader of the Soviet Union, thus it would embarrass him.

In June 1942, Adolf Hitler launched an attack in southern Russia. By the end of July the German army had reached Stalingrad. With bombs and fire the German Luftwaffe turned the city into ruins. However, the rubble made hiding places from which Russian snipers could attack the Germans. Hitler and Stalin sent in large numbers of soldiers. They both ordered that anyone who retreated would be shot on the spot for treason.

On 19 November 1942, the Red Army launched an attack which surrounded the Stalingrad area, pinching off the German salient. Hitler ordered the army to stay there. The German air force tried to supply them by air. By February 1943, the German forces in Stalingrad had no ammunition and food. Rather than freeze, they surrendered, knowing the Soviets were usually cruel to their prisoners.

The battle lasted five months, one week, and three days. 1.6 million people dead or wounded in battle were reported. There were more Russian deaths than German, but it was a victory for the Russians. They had killed so many Germans that Hitler's overall plan to conquer the Soviet Union, started with Operation Barbarossa, was seriously weakened. Also, the Germans failed to get control of Russian oil fields.

About one quarter of the German Sixth Army's soldiers were Eastern European volunteers called HIWIs. The Battle of Stalingrad was the largest and deadliest battle in the history of warfare.

By the spring of 1942, the German Operation Barbarossa did not defeat the Soviet Union. The war was still going well for the Germans: the U-boat offensive in the Atlantic had been very successful and Rommel had just captured Tobruk.

In the east, they had captured land including Leningrad in the north and Rostov-on-Don in the south. There were a number of places where Soviet attacks had pushed the Germans back (to the northwest of Moscow and south of Kharkov) but this did not threaten the Germans. Hitler was confident that he could beat the Red Army after the winter of 1941. Even though Army Group Centre had heavy losses near Moscow the previous winter, 65% of its infantry had not fought and had been rested and given new equipment. Army Groups North and South had also not had a hard time over the winter. Stalin was expecting German summer attacks to again be directed against Moscow.

The Germans decided that their summer campaign in 1942 would be directed at the southern parts of the Soviet Union. The Germans wanted to destroy Stalingrad's industries. The Germans also wanted to block the Volga River. The river was a route between the Caspian Sea and northern Russia. Capturing the river would make it hard for the Soviets to use the river to transport goods.

The German operations were initially very successful. On July 23, 1942, Hitler changed the goals for the 1942 attack. He made occupying Stalingrad one of the goals. The city was important, because it was named after Stalin, the leader of the Soviet Union. The Germans thought that if they captured Stalingrad, it would help the northern and western parts of the German armies to attack Baku. The Germans wanted to capture Baku because it had a lot of oil.

The Soviets were aware of the German plan to attack. The Soviets ordered that anyone strong enough to hold a rifle be sent to fight.

On the 23 of August the 6th Army reached the edge of Stalingrad. They were following the 62nd and 64th Armies, which had gone back into the city. Kleist later said after the war:

The Soviets had enough warning of the German attack to move all the city's grain, cattle, and railway cars across the Volga. But most civilian residents stayed in the city. The city lacked food even before the German attack. The "Luftwaffe" air attacks made the Soviets unable to use the River Volga to bring supplies into the city. Between 25 and 31 July, 32 Soviet ships were sunk in the River Volga.

The battle began with the heavy bombing of the city by "Luftflotte 4". A 1,000 tons of bombs were dropped. Much of the city turned to rubble. Some factories continued to produce goods.

Stalin moved troops to the east bank of the Volga. All the regular ferries were destroyed by the Luftwaffe. The Luftwaffe also attacked troop barges. Many civilians were moved out of the city across the Volga. Stalin prevented most civilians from leaving the city because he thought that this would make the Soviet armies fight harder. Civilians, including women and children, were told to dig trenches. Massive German bombing on 23 August caused a firestorm. It killed thousands and turned Stalingrad into rubble and ruins. Between 23 and 26 August, 955 people were killed and another 1,181 wounded from the bombing. 

The Soviet Air Force, the "Voenno-Vozdushnye Sily" (VVS), was destroyed by the Luftwaffe. The Soviets lost 201 aircraft between 23 and 31 August. They brought in another 100 aircraft in August. The Soviets continued to bring new planes into Stalingrad in late September, but they were destroyed by the Germans.

The city was briefly defended by the 1077th Anti-Aircraft Regiment, an all-women's regiment that was actually able to halt an entire German division due to their massive firepower. The Germans eventually swarmed and killed them, but were shocked to discover that this whole time they were being held back by young women that seemed fresh out of high school. In the battle, the NKVD organized "Workers' militias" who were often sent into battle without rifles.

By the end of August, Army Group South (B) had reached the Volga. By 1 September, the Soviets could only supply their forces in Stalingrad by crossing the Volga under constant bombing by artillery and aircraft.

On 5 September, the Soviet 24th and 66th Armies organized an attack against XIV Panzer Corps. The "Luftwaffe" helped stop the attack by attacking Soviet artillery and soldiers. The Soviets had to pull back. Of the 120 tanks the Soviets had sent into battle, 30 were lost to air attack.

The Soviets were always being attacked by the "Luftwaffe". On 18 September, the Soviet 1st Guards and 24th Army attacked VIII Army Corps . "VIII. Fliegerkorps" sent Stuka dive-bombers to prevent the Soviets from advancing. The Soviet attack was stopped. The Stukas destroyed 41 of the 106 Soviet tanks that were destroyed that morning. German Bf 109s destroyed 77 Soviet aircraft.
In the wrecked city, the Soviet 62nd and 64th Armies, which included the Soviet 13th Guards Rifle Division, used houses and factories to hide in.

Fighting in city was very violent. Stalin's Order No. 227 of 27 July 1942 decreed that all commanders who retreated without being told to do so would have to go to a military tribunal. "Not a step back!" was the slogan. The Germans attacking Stalingrad had many dead and wounded.

After three months of slow advance, the Wermacht finally reached the river banks. The Germans captured 90% of the ruined city and split the Soviet forces into two parts. Ice on the Volga river made it impossible for the Soviets to bring in supplies by boat.

German troops were not ready for fighting during the winter of 1942. The Stavka did a number of attacks between November 19, 1942 and February 2, 1943. These operations started the Winter Campaign of 1942-1943 (19 November 1942 – 3 March 1943), which involved 15 armies.

In autumn, the Soviet generals Georgy Zhukov and Aleksandr Vasilevsky gathered their soldiers in the north and south of the city. The northern side was defended by Hungarian, and Romanian troops. The Don river had never been defended well by the German side. The Soviet plan was to attack and surround the German forces in the Stalingrad region.

The operation was code-named "Uran". It started with Operation Mars, aimed at Army Group Center.

On 19 November 1942, the Red Army launched Operation Uranus. The attacking Soviet units under the command of Gen. Nikolay Vatutin consisted of three armies. This included a total of 18 infantry divisions, eight tank brigades, two motorized brigades, six cavalry divisions and one anti-tank brigade. The Soviets pushed past the Romanian Third Army. The response by the "Wehrmacht" was disorganized. Bad weather prevented air attacks against the Soviets.

On 20 November, a second Soviet offensive (two armies) was launched to the south of Stalingrad against the Romanian 4th Army Corps. The Romanians were overrun by large numbers of tanks. The Soviet forces moved west and made a ring around Stalingrad.

About 265,000 German, Romanian, Italian soldiers, the 369th (Croatian) Reinforced Infantry Regiment, and other troops including 40,000 Soviet volunteers fighting for the Germans. were surrounded. There were 210,000 Germans on 19 November 1942. There were also around 10,000 Soviet civilians and several thousand Soviet soldiers the Germans had taken captive during the battle. Not all of the 6th Army was trapped; 50,000 were not surrounded. Of the 210,000 Germans surrounded, 10,000 remained to fight, 105,000 surrendered, 35,000 left by air and the remaining 60,000 died.

The Red Army formed two defensive groups. Field Marshal Erich von Manstein told Hitler not to order the 6th Army to break out. Manstein thought that he could break through the Soviet troops and free the 6th Army. After 1945, Manstein says he told Hitler that the 6th Army must break out. The American historian Gerhard Weinberg said that Manstein lied.

Manstein was told to attack Stalingrad in Operation Winter Storm ("Unternehmen Wintergewitter"). He thought that this attack could work if the 6th Army was supplied through the air.

Adolf Hitler had said on 30 September 1942 that the German army would never leave the city. At a meeting shortly after the Soviets formed a ring around the Germans, the German army chiefs wanted to try to escape to the west of the Don. Hitler thought that the Luftwaffe could supply the 6th Army with an "air bridge". This would allow the Germans in the city to fight while a new force was assembled. A similar plan had been used a year earlier at the Demyansk Pocket.

The director of "Luftflotte" 4, Wolfram von Richthofen, tried to get this decision stopped. The forces under 6th Army were almost twice as large as a regular German army unit, plus there was also a corps of the 4th Panzer Army trapped in the city. The maximum they could deliver a day was far less than the minimum needed.

To add to the limited number of Junkers Ju 52 planes the Germans used other planes like the Heinkel He 177 . General Richthofen told Manstein on 27 November that the Luftwaffe could not supply 300 tons a day by air. Manstein now saw the problems of a supply by air. The next day he made a report which said that the supply by air would be impossible. He said the Sixth Army should try to escape. He said that giving up Stalingrad would be a difficult loss, but that it would keep the Sixth Army intact. Hitler said that the Sixth Army would have to stay at Stalingrad and that the air force would supply it until the Germans could attack the Soviets.

The "Luftwaffe" was able to deliver an average of of supplies per day. The most successful day, 19 December, delivered of supplies in 154 flights. In the early parts of the operation, more fuel was shipped than food and ammunition because the Germans thought they could escape from the city. Transport airplanes also flew out sick or wounded men from the city. The German attack did not reach the 6th Army. The air supply operation continued. The 6th Army slowly starved. 160 German transport aircraft were destroyed and 328 were heavily damaged. Some 266 Junkers Ju 52s were destroyed.

Soviet forces grouped together around Stalingrad. Violent fighting to attack the Germans began. Operation Winter Storm ("Operation Wintergewitter"), the German attempt to rescue the trapped army from the south, was at first successful. By 19 December, the German Army had pushed to within 48 km (30 mi) of Sixth Army's positions. Some German officers asked Paulus go against Hitler's orders and try to escape out of the Stalingrad. Paulus refused. On 23 December, Manstein's forces had to defend themselves from new Soviet attacks.

On 16 December, the Soviets launched Operation Little Saturn. It attempted to make a hole through the Axis army (mainly Italians) on the Don and capture Rostov. The Germans set up a defence of small units. 15 Soviet divisions—supported by at least 100 tanks—attacked the Italian Cosseria and Ravenna Divisions. The Soviets never got close to Rostov because of the Italian defence.

The German attempt to break through to Stalingrad was stopped and Army Group A was told to come back from the Caucasus.

The 6th Army could no longer hope to escape. The 6th Army did not have enough fuel. As well, the German soldiers have found it very hard to break through the Soviet lines on foot in the cold winter conditions.

The Germans retreated from the suburbs of Stalingrad to the city itself. The loss of the two airfields, at Pitomnik on 16 January 1943 and Gumrak on the night of 21/22 January, meant an end to air supplies and to the flying out the wounded. The third and last runway was at the Stalingradskaja flight school, which had the last landings and takeoffs on the night of 22–23 January. After that, there were no landings except for air drops of ammunition and food.

The Germans were now not only starving, but running out of ammunition. They continued to fight because they thought the Soviets would execute any Germans who surrendered. A Soviet group (Major Aleksandr Smyslov, Captain Nikolay Dyatlenko and a trumpeter) carried an offer to Paulus: if he surrendered within 24 hours, he would receive a guarantee of safety for all prisoners, medical care for the sick and wounded, prisoners allowed to keep their personal belongings, food rations, and be sent to any country they wanted after the war. Paulus was ordered not to surrender by Hitler, so he did not respond.

On 30 January 1943, the 10th anniversary of Hitler coming to power, Goebbels said "The heroic struggle of our soldiers on the Volga should be a warning for everybody..." Also on that day Hitler promoted Paulus to "Generalfeldmarschall". Since no German Field Marshal had ever been taken prisoner, Hitler assumed that Paulus would fight on or kill himself.

The next day, the southern group in Stalingrad was defeated by the Soviets. Soviet forces reached the entrance to the German headquarters. General Schmidt surrendered the headquarters. Paulus said he had not surrendered and refused to order the remaining German forces to surrender.

Four Soviet armies attacked the remaining northern group. On 2 February, General Strecker surrendered. Around 91,000 tired, ill, wounded, and starving prisoners were taken, including 3,000 Romanians (the survivors of the 20th Infantry Division, 1st Cavalry Division and "Col. Voicu" Detachment). The prisoners included 22 generals. Hitler was angry and said that Paulus should have killed himself, but instead "he prefers to go to Moscow." Paulus was Roman Catholic and therefore did not.

The German public was not officially told of the loss until the end of January 1943, though positive media reports had stopped in the weeks before the announcement. Stalingrad marked the first time that the Nazi government publicly admitted a failure in its war effort. It was a major defeat where German losses were almost equal to those of the Soviets. Prior losses of the Soviet Union were generally three times as high as the German ones. On 31 January, German state radio played the Adagio movement from Anton Bruckner's Seventh Symphony, followed by the announcement of the defeat at Stalingrad.

On 18 February, Minister of Propaganda Joseph Goebbels gave the "Sportpalast" speech in Berlin, encouraging the Germans to accept a total war.
Out of the nearly 110,000 German prisoners captured in Stalingrad, only about 6,000 ever returned. They were sent to prisoner camps and later to labour camps all over the Soviet Union. Some 35,000 were eventually sent on transports, of which 17,000 did not survive. Some were kept in the city to help rebuild.

Some senior officers were taken to Moscow and used for propaganda purposes. Some of them joined the National Committee for a Free Germany. Some, including Paulus, signed anti-Hitler statements that were broadcast to German troops. Paulus testified for the prosecution during the Nuremberg Trials. He remained in the Soviet Union until 1952, then moved to Dresden in East Germany. General Walther von Seydlitz-Kurzbach offered to raise an anti-Hitler army from the Stalingrad survivors, but the Soviets did not accept. It was not until 1955 that the last of the 5-6,000 survivors were repatriated (to West Germany).

During the defence of Stalingrad, the Red Army used six armies (8th, 28th, 51st, 57th, 62nd and 64th Armies) in and around the city. An additional nine armies in the final attack on the Germans. The nine armies used for the final attack were the 24th Army, 65th Army, 66th Army and 16th Air Army from the north as part of the Don Front offensive and 1st Guards Army, 5th Tank, 21st Army, 2nd Air Army and 17th Air Army from the south as part of the Soviet Southwestern Front.

Counting how many people were killed and wounded in the battle of Stalingrad is hard. One way is to only count the fighting within the city and suburbs. Another way of counting is to count all the fighting on the southern part of the Soviet-German front from the spring of 1942 to the winter of 1943. Different scholars have made different estimates depending on how widely you consider the battle.

The Axis had from 500,000 to 850,000 casualties (killed, wounded, captured) among all branches of the German armed forces and its allies and only 5-6,000 returned to Germany by 1955. The remainder of the POWs died in Soviet captivity.

On 2 February 1943, the fighting of Axis troops in Stalingrad stopped. Out of the 91,000 prisoners taken by the Soviets, 3,000 were Romanian.

The Red Army had a total of 1,129,619 total casualties; 478,741 men killed or missing and 650,878 wounded. These numbers are for the whole Don region; in the city itself 750,000 were killed, captured, or wounded.

Anywhere from 25,000 to 40,000 Soviet civilians died in Stalingrad and its suburbs during a single week of aerial bombing by "Luftflotte" 4 as the German 4th Panzer and 6th Armies got close to the city; the total number of civilians killed in the regions outside the city is unknown.

In all, the battle resulted in an estimated total of 1.7-2 million Axis and Soviet casualties, making it possibly the bloodiest battle in all of human history.
In the original 1942 plan, the occupation of Stalingrad had not been a goal. Based on the military successes of the Germans in the first month of the attacks, Hitler decided to expand the military goals. Hitler thought that the Soviet forces across the Don river were weak. The new goals included Stalingrad and even capturing the Volga.

Once the Armies began to fight in the for the city, both sides began to feel that it was very important to win. The Germans sent a lot of troops into the city. This meant that their side did not control the Don river and the Soviet bridges. The German side made steady progress in the fighting and eventually held about 90% of the city.

The German focus on the city made them not think of the weakness of their defenses along the Don and the massive buildup of Soviet forces on their sides. After the Soviet breakthrough, the Germans were very disorganized. The 6th Army was eventually reorganized in time for the Battle of Kursk, but was made up mostly of new soldiers and was never as strong as it had once been.

Germany failed at Stalingrad because they expanded the goals in the second half of July. After one month of success, the Germans started believing they could win the battle. Hitler ordered too many goals and he did not think Soviet reserves were as strong as they were. To the south of Stalingrad, Army Group A was trying to capture the oilfields. Then its goals were expanded to include the whole of the Black Sea coast.

Stalingrad was a turning point in the war. It also showed the discipline and determination of both the German "Wehrmacht" and the Soviet Red Army. The Soviets first defended Stalingrad against a strong German attack. Newly arrived Soviet soldiers often died in less than a day. Soviet officers often died in three days.

Historians have talked about how much terror there was in the Red Army. Beevor noted the bravery of the Soviet soldiers. Richard Overy says that some people think that in the "summer of 1942 the Soviet army fought because it was forced to fight,” but he says this is not true A historian talked to Soviet veterans about terror on the Eastern Front. Many soldiers said they were relieved at the order not to retreat. Infantryman Lev Lvovich’s said he felt better.

For the heroism of the Soviet defenders of Stalingrad, the city was awarded the title Hero City in 1945. Twenty-four years after the battle, in October 1967, a monument, The Motherland Calls, was built on Mamayev Kurgan, the hill overlooking the city. The hill actually used to be much larger, but had been flattened due to constant artillery fire. The statue forms part of a war memorial that includes ruined walls from the battle. The Grain Silo, as well as Pavlov's House can still be visited.

Many women fought on the Soviet side, or were under fire. At the beginning of the battle there were 75,000 women and girls from the Stalingrad area who had finished military or medical training, and all of whom were to serve in the battle. Women staffed a great many of the anti-aircraft batteries that fought not only the Luftwaffe but German tanks. Soviet nurses not only treated wounded men under fire but brought wounded soldiers back to the hospitals under enemy fire. Many of the Soviet wireless and telephone operators were women who often suffered heavy injuries and deaths. Though women were not usually trained as infantry, many Soviet women fought as machine gunners, mortar operators, and scouts. Women were also snipers at Stalingrad. Three air regiments at Stalingrad were entirely female. At least three women won the title Hero of the Soviet Union while driving tanks at Stalingrad.

The German Army showed a lot of discipline after being surrounded. Many German soldiers starved or froze to death. Yet, discipline was continued until the very end. General Friedrich Paulus obeyed Hitler's orders and did not attempt to escape out of the city. German ammunition, supplies, and food became scarce. Generals from both sides suffered from massive stress because of the battle and also because of the fact that they had to report to the most brutal leader in their nation's history. Many generals suffered health problems because of their stress.

Paulus followed his orders and fought to the very end. He asked for permission to surrender, but it was denied. Hitler promoted him to the rank of "Generalfeldmarschall". No German field marshal had ever surrendered, and the implication was clear. Hitler believed that Paulus would either fight to the last man or commit suicide. Paulus was taken prisoner.

After his capture, Paulus told the Soviets that he had not surrendered. He refused to issue an order for the Germans to surrender.

The events of the battle for Stalingrad have been shown in several movies of German, Russian, British and American origin.

The battle is described in many books.

In the novel "The Book Thief", one character was presumed to have died or been captured in The Battle of Stalingrad.

In the 2011 video game , the game shows famous locations of the battle, such as Pavlov's House, the Red October Factory and Mamayev Kurgan, among others.

The 2013 game, Company of Heroes 2, showed the battle in certain missions. It was criticized by Russian players for being untrue and on August 7 sales in Russia were stopped.


World War I reparations

World War I reparations means the payments and transfers of property and equipment that Germany was forced to make after its defeat during World War I.

Article 231 of the Treaty of Versailles (the 'war guilt' clause) declared Germany and its allies responsible for all 'loss and damage' of the Allies during the war and set up the basis for reparations.

In January 1921, the total sum due was decided by an Inter-Allied Reparations Commission and was set at 132 billion gold marks, about £6.096 billion or $33 billion Billion US dollars in 1919 (roughly $12,370.53 Billion US dollars as of 2024). This was a sum that many economists believed to be too much. Later that year, the amount was reduced to 132 billion marks, which still seemed too much for most German observers, both because of the amount itself as well as the terms.

Germany stopped paying the reparations after Hitler's Nazi Party took power in 1933, with about one-eighth of the reparations having been paid by then. The final payments were made on the day exactly 20 years after German reunification.

There was large debate about the justice and likely impact of the reparations decided. John Maynard Keynes resigned form the British Treasury in 1919 to protest this high sum of money demanded.

The 1924 Dawes Plan changed Germany's reparation payments. In May 1929, the Young Plan reduced further payments to 112 billion gold marks ($28.35 billion over a period of 59 years, which was 1988). In addition, the Young Plan divided the yearly payment, set at two billion gold marks (US$473 million), into two parts: one part equal to one third of the sum and could not be postponed and a postponable part for the remaining two-thirds.

Because of the Great Depression there was an attempt to delay further payments. It failed, but 
in the Lausanne Conference of 1932, it was decided to cancel reparations. By this time Germany had paid one eighth of the sum required under the Treaty of Versailles. But Germany refused to continue paying upon Hitler's rise to power.

Only a few German people accepted that they lost the war. The German High Command blamed many civilian parts in the society, especially socialists, communists and Jews. The idea was known as "Dolchstoßlegende" (stab-in-the-back myth). The Germans were unhappy with the sum of reparations, which seems terrible, partly because German leaders could not represent in the decision.

Economic problems from the payments were said to be an important factor that led to the end of the Weimar Republic and the beginning of dictatorship of Adolf Hitler. John Maynard Keynes, a British economist, said this would weaken German economy as well as German politics. However, many historians disagreed. Margaret MacMillan, a Canadian historian, showed her idea that Germany could have paid all the payments if they wanted to. She said that the problem was Germany would not like to pay.

Sally Marks, an American historian, also thought that Germany could pay the reparations. She said the Germans paid the reparations in full and on time as long as the French occupied Düsseldorf in 1921, but stopped after the French were no longer stationed there in 1922. Later that year, the problem became more serious as French and Belgian representatives urged an occupation of the Ruhr Area to force Germany to pay, while the British wanted to lower the reparations. Occupation of the Ruhr began in January 1923. The Allies felt that the German government's refusal to pay was done to test whether the Allies willed to enforce reparations.

As a "quiet fight" in the Ruhr, the German government began the hyperinflation that destroyed the German economy in 1923. In 2008, a British historain Richard J. Evans said that the German government was responsible for the hyperinflation as they preferred this to paying reparations. The Germans won the world's pity, and after that, the French were forced to agree to the Dawes Plan of April 1924, which lowered the reparations. Under this new plan, Germany paid 1 billion marks in 1924 and reached the total of 2.25 billion by 1927. After that year, Germany was able to pay 2.5 billion marks per year. However, the Germans still stop paying the reparations. To deal with this, the Allies met in a conference in London in July-August 1924, and was the first time that Germany challenged the Versailles Treaty.

The Germans complained that payments under the Dawes Plan were still too high, so the Young Plan of 1928 was set up and the Germans were not required to pay higher than 2.5 billion until 1988. Gustav Stresemann demanded that Rhineland must returned to Germany in order that Germany accept the plan. Under strong pressure, the French left Rhineland in June 1930.

The British historain A. J. P. Taylor wrote that the reparations was harsh enough to be seen as a punishment, but not enough to stop Germany from regaining its great power status, and can be blamed for the rise of Adolf Hitler.


Richard III (play)

Richard III is a history play written by William Shakespeare. It is one of Shakespeare's most famous and popular plays. Shakespeare probably wrote "Richard III" around the year 1593. The play was first printed in a book in 1597.

Like other history plays written by Shakespeare, "Richard III" is about people and events from earlier in English history. The real Richard III was king of England from 1483 to 1485. Shakespeare used the history books of his own time to create his play, though many modern experts do not think those early histories, or Shakespeare's play, are accurate and free of bias.

"Richard III" is different from many plays, because its leading character is a villain, not a hero. In his play, Shakespeare shows the king as a cruel tyrant who does many evil acts, before he is defeated in battle and killed by Henry Tudor. Tudor then becomes Henry VII of England, the next English king and the first of the Tudor dynasty. The play contains black comedy, especially because Richard III keeps telling people he is a good man despite behaving like a villain.

Shakespeare lived and wrote before modern ideas of freedom of speech and freedom of the press had become accepted. The English government of Shakespeare's day practiced censorship of books and plays. Elizabeth I of England, who was queen from 1558 to 1603, was the granddaughter of Henry VII and the last Tudor ruler. Her government saw Richard III as a villain and the man who replaced him, Henry VII, as a hero, and censored any other point of view. If Shakespeare had wanted to write a play with Richard III as a hero, he would not have been allowed to do so.

A famous movie version of "Richard III" was made in 1955. Laurence Olivier directed the movie and played the leading role. Other movie and television versions, and many modern stage productions, have also been done.

Lojban

Lojban is a constructed language that some people speak. It is an unusual language because it is based on predicate logic, and because it is made to have no syntactic ambiguity. These qualities make many people call Lojban a "logical language."

People from all countries can learn and speak Lojban. A person who speaks Lojban is sometimes called a "lojbanist".

Lojban was made between 1987 and 1997 by an organization called the "Logical Language Group". The rules (grammar) of Lojban are written in a book called "The Complete Lojban Language. "This book was published in 1997, and written by John Woldemar Cowen. Lojban grammar terms are ordered in a structure:

Lojban is based on an earlier language called Loglan. Loglan was the first "logical language". It was created by a man named James Cooke Brown, who wanted to test a hypothesis called the Sapir-Whorf hypothesis. The Sapir-Whorf hypothesis says that languages affect and limit how their speakers think.

As with Loglan, one of Lojban's goals is to test the Sapir-Whorf Hypothesis. Lojban is meant to change how people think. This is because it is unlike any natural language, and because it forces its speakers to focus on the logic of what they say.

Another goal of Lojban is to be simple and easy to learn, so Lojban only has 1300 main words. Anyone can combine these "root words" to make more complex words.

If you speak Lojban correctly, it is unlikely for someone else to be confused by what you are saying. This is because one goal of Lojban was to eliminate syntactic ambiguity from language.

One of the problems with natural languages like English is that they have very much ambiguity. This means that not everything a person might say has one clear meaning in these languages. 

Linguistic relationships are always very clear in Lojban, so such ambiguity cannot exist in the language.

Here are some examples of words and sentences in Lojban:
"mi'e" is used when you are telling somebody your name. There is no country where everyone speaks Lojban, so nobody is born with a name in Lojban. But, some Lojbanists make up lojban names for themselves that they use. Because they know most other people do not speak lojban, they usually keep their real name as well, and only use their lojban name when speaking to other lojbanists. If someone is telling you their real name, they usually say "mi'e la'oi" (sounds like "miheh lahoy") followed by the name.

"go'i" means "yes, I agree with you". Sometimes in English, the word 'yes' is used to mean other things. For example, you might say "Yes" (or "OK" or "uh-huh") to tell someone that you heard what they are saying. In Lojban you do not say "go'i" for this; instead you say "je'e" (sounds like "zhehheh"). This is part of the idea of lojban: to make words easier to understand by making sure that one word can only mean one thing.

Annulment

Annulment is a method under civil or canon law, similar to divorce, to declare that a marriage is not a real marriage. Though the Roman Catholic Church forbids divorce, it sometimes grants annulment, saying that the marriage never really happened.

Reasons include:

Osroene

Osroene (also spelled Osrohene, Osrhoene, from the Greek ; '), also known by the name of its capital city, Edessa (modern Şanlıurfa, Turkey), was a historic kingdom located on the present-day border of Syria and Turkey. The kingdom was Assyrian and enjoyed semi-autonomy to complete independence from the years of 132 BCE to 244 AD.
It was a Syriac speaking kingdom, and according to an ancient legend King Abgar V of Edessa was converted to Christianity by Thaddeus of Edessa, or Saint Addai, one of the Seventy-two Disciples. By 201 AD or earlier, under King Abgar the Great, Osroene became the first Christian state.

BRIT Awards

The BRIT Awards (often called just the Brits), are awards given yearly by the British Phonographic Industry (an association of British people who are professionally involved in the recorded music industry) for outstanding work in music.

There have been many musicians that have won more than one award. The table below shows those that have won more than four awards.


Sound of the Underground

Sound of the Underground was a 2003 album by Girls Aloud. It was their first album. It was released in May 2003.


The album was released again in December 2003. It had other songs too.


What Will the Neighbours Say?

What Will The Neighbours Say? was a 2004 album by Girls Aloud. It was their second album. Five singles were released from it. After the album was released Girls Aloud did their first tour, What Will the Neighbours Say? Live.


Chemistry (album)

Chemistry is a 2005 album by Girls Aloud. It was their third album.


The Sound of Girls Aloud

The Sound of Girls Aloud was a 2006 album by Girls Aloud that featured all of their most popular songs so far. It was their fourth album.


Tangled Up

Tangled Up was a 2007 album by Girls Aloud. It was their fifth album.


Oil paint

Oil paint is a traditional method used for artists' painting. In oil paint, "pigments" (colours) are held together by the medium of oil. The most usual type of oil that is used in paint is linseed oil.

A picture that is painted using oil paint is called an "oil painting". Oil paint takes a long time to dry. Artists find this useful because they can keep working on the painting for a long time. People say that Leonardo da Vinci worked on his painting of the Mona Lisa for four years, even though it is not a very large picture. Oils paints, and oil paintings are often just called "oils" for short. If someone talks about "painting in oils" they mean that the painting is done in oil paints.

No-one knows when oil paint was first used. Caves in Afghanistan are decorated with ancient paintings in paint mixed with oils.
It is believed that this type of paint was used in other countries of Asia as well.

It is believed that oil paint was used in Europe in the Middle Ages at first for decorating shields, because oil paint lasted better than the traditional paint of tempera when it was in the weather, or if it was roughly treated.

The Renaissance art historian, Giorgio Vasari, said that the art of oil painting came from northern Europe and the person who invented it was the famous Flemish painter Jan van Eyck. Artists from the areas of modern Belgium and the Netherlands were the first artists to make oil painting their usual method of painting. This trend spread to other parts of Northern Europe. A famous painting called the "Portinari Altarpiece" by Hugo van der Goes arrived in Florence in the 1470s at a time when Leonardo da Vinci was young. Oil paintings at this date were usually done on wooden panels, in the way that tempera pictures were.

Another influence on oil painting in Italy was an artist from Sicily called Antonello da Messina, who had learnt to paint in oils. He travelled the length of Italy, from Sicily to Venice and did many small paintings including portraits and pictures of the Madonna and Child and Jesus. He influenced many artists, particularly in Venice. Giovanni Bellini, who was one of a family of well-known painters, was one of the first painters in Italy to paint very large pictures in oil paint. Artists from other parts of Italy visited Venice and soon the new method of painting spread.

By 1540, there were very few painters who still worked in tempera, the previous method for painting on panels. In Italy, many artists continued to decorate walls and ceiling with frescos. However, it was discovered that oil paint, unlike tempera was flexible (it could bend). This meant that it could be used on flexible surfaces like cloth without breaking away and falling off. Once painting on canvas (heavy linen cloth) became usual, artists were able to do enormous pictures. If the painting was too big to fit through a doorway, the artist could just roll it up.

Since the 1500s, oil painting has remained the favourite technique for artists who want to paint a picture that will last for a long time. The gallery below shows works by some of the most famous artists who have worked in oil paint. The famous artists of the 20th century are not shown here, because many of their works are copyright. Famous modernist artists who have painted in oils include Picasso, Matisse, Mondrian, Chagall, Kandinsky, Malevich, Salvador Dali, Francis Bacon, Lucien Freud, and Jackson Pollock.

Up to about 1960 oils and water paints were overwhelmingly the leading materials chosen by painters. In the years since then acrylic paints and water-mixable oil paints have been more and more used.

Linseed oil, which is the main type of oil used for oil painting, comes from the flax seed. Flax has been an important crop for thousands of years, because linen cloth is made from it. This means that the oil for painting and the cloth for painting on both come from the same plant. To get different effects, artists would use mixtures of different oils. These include pine resin, frankincense, poppy seed oil, walnut oil, and in more modern times safflower oil.

Artists use turpentine or mineral spirits to thin the paint if they wanted to make a fast-drying sketch that they can then paint over in more detail. The oil paint on the artist's brushes is cleaned out with turpentine after use. Modern chemists have made oil paints that can be used with water. This makes the clean-up job at the end of painting much easier and less smelly. Oil paint is usually dry to the touch in a day to two weeks, depending on how much oil and turpentine is in it. An oil painting is generally varnished when it is finished, which gives a slight shine to the surface and protects it. A painting should dry for several months before it is varnished. An oil painting is not completely dry until it is 60 to 80 years old. Varnishing used to be considered an important part of finishing a painting. Many modern artists do not varnish their pictures at all.

Linen canvas is the traditional surface for an oil painting. Cotton canvas can also be used, and is cheaper. The canvas must be stretched tightly over a frame called a "stretcher" and fixed into place with little tacks or staples. Then it must be treated with a sort of glue called "size". This is often made from boiled rabbit skins. Some artists like to paint on board rather than canvas.

Before an artist can paint on a board or canvas, they must prepare it with a "ground" or "undercoat" of plain white paint. Then the artist can sketch a picture onto the surface using charcoal, or paint that is made thin and quick-drying with turpentine or mineral spirits. The artist often works in a brownish or bluish colour, to suggest where the "tone" (light and dark) will be in the finished painting. Then the colours and details are put on in layers.

The good thing about oil paint is that it can be used in all sorts of ways that most other types of paint cannot be used. 
Because oil paint can be used in so many different ways, it is better than any other type of paint for painting different textures.

The first European artists to use oils liked to make the surface very smooth. By the middle of the 1500s, some artists like Tintoretto were painting in a much streakier way. Rembrandt, in the 1600s, used the oil paint in all sorts of ways to get different effects. He used every technique that is described in the list above. After Rembrandt, there were always some artists who liked to work in a smooth way, and others who used many different ways of putting on the paint. This has continued through to Modern times.


John Law

John Law ("baptized" 21 April 1671 - 21 March 1729) was a Scottish economist who believed that money was only a means of exchange that did not have wealth in itself, and that national wealth depended on trade. He is said to be the father of finance, responsible for the adoption or use of paper money or bills in the world today.



List of The Simpsons characters

The Simpsons is an animated television sitcom. This is a list of "The Simpsons" characters.


Some of the many different characters who appeared on the show include:



Edicts of Ashoka

The Edicts of Ashoka are a collection of 33 inscriptions on the "Pillars of Ashoka", as well as on large stones and cave walls, made by the Emperor Ashoka of the Mauryan dynasty during his reign from 272 to 231 BCE. The edicts describe in detail the first wide expansion of Buddhism. According to the edicts, the extent of Buddhist proselytism during this period reached as far as the Mediterranean, and many Buddhist monuments were created.
Ashoka did not completely forbid the killing of animals; he wanted to control the number of 
animals that had to be killed for human consumption or sacrificing, protected some of them, and in general criticized violent acts against animals, such as castration.
He wrote these edicts on rock and pillar.

Edicts are royal orders or proclamations.These edicts were set up in different part of Ashoka's empire and spread the message of Ashoka's Dhamma.There are about 14 rock edicts and 7 pillar edicts currently found.

Edicts were written in local language. Most of the Ashoka's edicts are written in Brahmi Script and were discovered by James Prinsep, a British official in 1837. After this major breakthrough, historians and scholars were able to obtain information about Ashoka and his reign.



Proselytism

Proselytism is the practice of attempting to convert people to another opinion and, particularly, another religion. 

The word "proselytism" comes from the Greek language prefix 'pros' (towards) and the verb 'erchomai' (I come). Historically in the New Testament, the word proselyte meant a person who had converted to the Jewish religion. Though the word proselytism was originally used in Christianity, it is also used to refer to other religions' attempts to convert people to their beliefs or even any attempt to convert people to another point of view, religious or not. Today, the connotations of the word proselytism are often negative.




Ken Hitchcock

Ken Hitchcock (born December 17, 1951 in Edmonton, Alberta) is a former Canadian NHL ice hockey coach, who coached in the NHL from 1995–96 to 2018–19. Ken won one Stanley Cup with the Dallas Stars, in the 1998–99 NHL season.

Armistice

An armistice is the effective end of a war, when the parties agree to stop fighting. The word comes from the Latin "arma", meaning weapons and "statium", meaning a stopping. 

A truce or ceasefire usually refers to a "temporary" stop of hostilities for an agreed limited time or within a limited area. A truce may be needed in order to negotiate an armistice. 
An armistice is not the same as a peace treaty, which may take months or even years to agree on. The 1953 Korean War armistice is a major example of an armistice which has not yet been followed by a peace treaty. 

The United Nations Security Council often demands cease-fire of parties in modern conflicts. Armistices are always negotiated between the parties themselves and are thus generally seen as more binding than UN cease-fire resolutions in modern international law. 

The most famous armistice is the Armistice with Germany at the end of World War I, on 11 November, 1918, signed near Compiègne, France, and effective at the "eleventh hour of the eleventh day of the eleventh month." 

Armistice of 11 November 1918

The armistice treaty between the Allies, who fought Germany during World War I, and Germany was signed in a railway carriage in Compiègne Forest on 11 November 1918, and marked the end of the First World War on the Western Front. Marshal Ferdinand Foch, the Allied Commander-in-chief, and Matthias Erzberger, Germany's representative were the most important persons who signed it.

The Armistice was agreed at 5 AM on 11 November, to come into effect at 11 AM Paris time. 

Acting German commander Paul von Hindenburg had requested arrangements for a meeting from Ferdinand Foch via telegram on 7 November. He was under pressure of imminent revolution in Berlin, Munich and elsewhere across Germany. 

This stopped the fighting, but it took much longer to get a complete settlement. The actual terms, largely written by Foch, included:

Although the armistice ended the fighting on the Western Front, it had to be prolonged three times until the Treaty of Versailles. This took effect on 10 January 1920.

These terms were severe. The later abdication of the Kaiser, and the economic troubles of Germany in the 1920s, led towards the later rise of Adolf Hitler. 

For the Allies, the personnel involved were entirely military:

For Germany:

General Weygand and General von Gruennel are not mentioned in the (French) document.

The peace between the Allies and Germany that followed this armistice was the Treaty of Versailles in 1919.


WWE SmackDown

WWE SmackDown is a professional wrestling television program for WWE. Currently it is the only television broadcast for the SmackDown! brand. From its launch in 1999, "SmackDown!" was shown on Thursday nights, but as of September 9 2005, the show moved to Friday nights. To reflect this change, the show is now known to as "Friday Night SmackDown!". The "SmackDown!" brand is currently one of WWE's two brands, the other being "Raw".

Its currently shown in the United States on MyNetworkTV, in Canada on The Score Network and on E! Montreal, in Turkey on Fox TV, in Bangladesh, India and Pakistan on Ten Sports, in Germany on DSF, in the UK and Republic of Ireland on Sky Sports 3, Italy on Sky Italia, in Finland on "Urheilukanava", in Portugal on TVI, in the Dominican Republic on "Antena Latina" Channel 7, in Puerto Rico on WAPA and on The CW, in Ecuador on Teleamazonas, in Chile on Chilevisión, in Malaysia on TV3, in Mexico on 52MX, in Australia on FOX8, in New Zealand on The BOX,in Bulgaria on GTV, in the Philippines on Jack TV and ABC, in Peru on ATV, in Spain on Cuatro, in Romania on TV Sport, in Serbia on FOX Televizija, in Saudi Arabia and Middle East on Showtime Arabia and ShowSports 4, in France on RTL9, in Japan on J Sports, on e.tv in South Africa, on AFN Xtra, on the Super Channel (Channel 10) in Fiji Islands, on VTV in El Salvador, on Canal 9 in Argentina, on Canal 4 RP in Panama and on SBT in Brazil.

"SmackDown!" was first seen on April 29, 1999 as a single television special on UPN. On August 26, 1999, "SmackDown!" officially started on UPN, in Kansas City, Missouri. Like "WCW Thunder", "SmackDown!" was recorded on Tuesdays and then broadcast on Thursdays. The new WWF show was so popular that WCW moved "Thunder" to Wednesdays in the hope of holding on to fans rather than losing them to WWF. "SmackDown!", like "Thunder", made heavy use of the color blue, earning it the nickname "The Blue Show" amongst wrestling fans.

The first "SmackDown!" set was different as it had an oval-shaped TitanTron (which was dubbed the "OvalTron"), entrance and stage which made it stand out from the "RAW" set and its rectangular TitanTrons. An added feature to the first set was the ability for the OvalTron to be moved to either the left or right of the stage. Throughout the show's early existence, top WWF superstar The Rock routinely called "SmackDown!" "his" show, in reference to the fact that the name was derived from one of his catchphrases, "Laying the smackdown." In August 2001, as part of celebrating "SmackDown!"'s second anniversary, the show got a new logo and set. The last "SmackDown!" to use the previous television set saw Alliance member Rhyno Gore WWF member Chris Jericho through the center screen, destroying part of the set.

In early to mid-2002, WWE had a process they called the "Brand Extension". WWE divided itself into two "de facto" wrestling promotions with separate rosters, storylines and authority figures. RAW and SmackDown! would host each division, give its name to the division and essentially compete against each other. The split was a result of WWF purchasing their two biggest competitors, WCW and ECW. The brand extension was publicly announced during a telecast of "WWF RAW" on March 25, 2002, and became official the next day.

Wrestlers now would become show-exclusive, wrestling for their specific show only. At the time this excluded the WWE Undisputed Championship and WWE Women's Championship, as those WWE titles would be defended on both shows. In August 2002, WWE Undisputed Champion Brock Lesnar refused to defend the title on RAW, in effect causing his title to become exclusive to SmackDown! The following week on "RAW", General Manager Eric Bischoff awarded a newly instated World Heavyweight Championship to RAW's designated #1 contender, Triple H. Due to the fact that since the WWE Undisputed Championship was now SmackDown! exclusive it was no longer seen as "Undisputed". Following this, the WWE Women's Championship soon became RAW-exclusive as well. As a result of the Brand Extension, an annual "draft lottery" was instituted to exchange members of each roster and generally refresh the lineups.

On June 6, 2005, WWE Champion John Cena switched brands from SmackDown! to RAW as part of the month-long Draft Lottery. This effectively left SmackDown! without a World Title. During this time, United States Champion Orlando Jordan was billed as the top champion on the show. On June 23, 2005, in Tucson, SmackDown! General Manager Theodore Long announced a six-man elimination match between John "Bradshaw" Layfield, Booker T, Chris Benoit, The Undertaker, Christian (replacing The Big Show, who was picked by RAW in the lottery), and Muhammad Hassan to crown the first SmackDown! Champion. On the June 30 episode of "SmackDown!", JBL won the match. Long appeared afterward and stated that even though JBL had won the match, SmackDown! did not need a Championship anymore. Batista, the World Heavyweight Champion, entered the ring as SmackDown!'s final draft lottery pick. Long also showed that JBL was the number one contender for the World Heavyweight Championship.

It was possible that WWE's "lame duck" status with Viacom on Spike TV is what prompted its moving "SmackDown!" to the Friday night death slot for the Fall 2005 season. However, it worked out for both parties involved, as the show did better in the ratings than it had on Thursdays, while UPN got much better ratings on Fridays than it did before, with its movie night. Also, UPN had been able to hold on to the ratings from Thursday nights, most notably with comedian Chris Rock's "Wonder Years"-like sitcom "Everybody Hates Chris". In January 2006, prior to the announcement of the CW Network, it was announced that UPN had renewed "SmackDown!" for two more years.

Following the cancellation of "", "SmackDown!" was renamed "Friday Night SmackDown!" and moved into "Enterprise"'s old timeslot in the United States. WWE promoted this move with the tagline "TV that's changing Friday nights." "Friday Night SmackDown!" made its start on September 9 2005. The program still aired on Thursdays in Canada on the Score. In the United Kingdom and Australia, their stations Sky Sports and FOX8 air "SmackDown!" on Fridays before the United States due to the time difference. This is the first time a major weekly WWE show airs internationally before it hits screens in the U.S.

The events of Hurricane Katrina affected the first version of "Friday Night SmackDown!" in the U.S. due to a special fundraising concert (see ) that was shown on UPN at the same time that the first version would have been shown, resulting in only the second hour of the show being shown on UPN. The first hour was instead streamed from WWE's website. Other countries, including Canada, United Kingdom, Australia and the Philippines received the full two-hour show. WWOR-TV (My 9, New York, New York) also aired both hours of the show on tape delay on Saturday, due to a previous commitment to broadcast the New York Yankees on Friday nights.

At the "SmackDown!" taping on January 10 2006, Batista had to forfeit the World Heavyweight Championship because of a triceps injury. Theodore Long made a Battle Royal for the vacant title. The winner was at the time RAW superstar Kurt Angle, who later switched to the SmackDown! brand. In a break from their traditional role of acting as if "SmackDown!" is not pre-recorded, WWE.com had a photograph of Angle holding his new title on the main page. WWE also did this when Edge cashed in his Money in the Bank contract to win the World Heavyweight Championship from The Undertaker and when The Great Khali won a battle royal after Edge's injury.

On the April 7 2006 version of "SmackDown!", general manager Theodore Long said that the King of the Ring tournament would return after a four-year hiatus as a "SmackDown!"-exclusive tournament. The tournament ended at Judgment Day 2006 with Booker T as the winner, defeating Bobby Lashley in the final.

On June 9 2006, Tazz left the SmackDown! brand to join the new ECW brand, leaving the color commentator position on SmackDown! vacant. However, on June 11 at One Night Stand 2006, JBL revealed that he would be the new color commentator for SmackDown! He stayed in that position until December 2007 when he left SmackDown! to become an in-ring competitor on RAW. Jonathan Coachman replaced him afterwards.

On September 22 2006, "Friday Night SmackDown!" was started on The CW Television Network, a joint venture between CBS Corporation, owner of UPN, and Warner Bros. Entertainment, a subsidiary of Time Warner, majority owner of The WB.

For four weeks before the official start (and in preparation for the impending removal of UPN in several markets by the start of MyNetworkTV on September 5 2006) of "Friday Night SmackDown!" on the CW on September 22 2006, Tribune Broadcasting television stations in six major markets (including WPIX in New York City and KTLA in Los Angeles) aired WWE's "Friday Night SmackDown!" early in September 2006. Two other future affiliates of The CW, WCWJ in Jacksonville, Florida and WIWB in Green Bay, Wisconsin, also aired "SmackDown!" in early September as well.

The transition to the CW caused an interruption in the broadcast of "SmackDown!" in the state of Utah beginning in June when KPNZ in Salt Lake City stopped airing all UPN programs early. The show is now seen on KUCW. In Hawaii, "SmackDown!" returned in late 2006, airing on a CW digital subchannel of Honolulu's FOX affiliate KHON (Channel 2), which has received statewide carriage over Oceanic Time Warner Cable. Since the move to the CW Network, "Friday Night SmackDown!" has shown a major increase in ratings now averaging a 3.0 national rating. In addition, "SmackDown!" has become the second highest watched program on The CW.

On April 20 2007, "SmackDown!" celebrated its 400th episode. Ratings success soon followed. On June 8 2007, "Friday Night SmackDown!" made CW history by making a three-way tie with CBS and ABC in the key ad demographic, adults 18-49 by drawing a 1.5 rating each. On June 22 2007, "Friday Night SmackDown!" again made CW history by tying the network for first place in the key ad demographic, adults 18-49, and being the second most watched network program at 9 p.m. for the night. The CW had not performed as well at any time slot since America's Next Top Model in March 2007. The next week on June 29 2007, "Friday Night SmackDown!" helped The CW claim the top spot in the key demographic, Adults 18-49 for Friday. CBS got the overall lead but The CW got top spot for the Adults 18-49 by registering a 1.4 rating followed by CBS and NBC at 1.3, ABC at 1.2, and FOX at 0.9. Then on Friday, July 13 2007, "Friday Night SmackDown!" made network history by placing first in the 18-49 demographic and becoming the most watched show at the 9 p.m. hour on network television. This is the first time anything has placed this well on The CW. "SmackDown!" became a hit show on Friday nights winning the demographics for young males, and ranking second on the demographics (18-49) for Friday nights.

On October 16 2007 it was said that the SmackDown! and ECW brands would begin a "talent exchange", allowing their respective talent to appear and compete on either brand.

On February 8 2008 it was reported that World Wrestling Entertainment and The CW had ended agreements to keep "Friday Night SmackDown!" on the network. WWE stated that agreements with other networks has begun and that "Friday Night SmackDown!" would continue to air on The CW through the end of the 2007-2008 broadcast season. On February 26 WWE issued a press release saying "Friday Night SmackDown!"<nowiki>'s</nowiki> move to MyNetworkTV.

On July 10 2007, Merriam-Webster announced it would induct the word "smackdown" into "Webster's Dictionary". According to Merriam Webster, a "smackdown" is:

"SmackDown" is usually taped on Tuesday evening and shown Friday evening on MyNetworkTV the same week. Lately though, they have taped two episodes at a time and as a result are taped every two weeks. Sometimes, it is taped on Monday nights before or after "RAW" in what is called a "Supershow". "SmackDown" has also been shown live sometimes.

On October 26, 2012, "WWE SmackDown" began using "Born 2 Run" by 7Lions as its theme song. before this, "SmackDown" used "Know Your Enemy" by Green Day. "Hangman" by Rev Theory was used as the secondary theme song.
The previous theme song, "Let it Roll" by Divide the Day was replaced when SmackDown began being broadcast on Syfy.

"Friday Night SmackDown!" began broadcasting in HD beginning with the January 25 2008 edition of "SmackDown!", where a new set started that is shared among all three WWE brands.




Nationwide Arena

Nationwide Arena is a sports arena in Columbus, Ohio. The arena opened in 2000, and right now the Columbus Blue Jackets of the National Hockey League (NHL) and the Columbus Destroyers of the Arena Football League (AFL) play there. The arena was built at the location of the old Ohio Penitentiary, a prison that was destroyed in 1998.


The Beatles (album)

The Beatles is a 1968 album by the band of the same name, The Beatles. Its cover included no photographs, but was a simple white jacket, with the band's name die-stamped onto the paper. Early copies also included a serial number. The plain white cover led fans and listeners to call the record the "White Album". In time, even the band and their company, Apple Corps, began to use this name.

"The Beatles" was the band's twelfth album of new recordings, and was released in November 1968. While most albums of the time included ten to fourteen songs, "The Beatles" included thirty-four songs, and was sold as a two-disc set.

The Beatles began writing songs for the album while they were in India, taking a teaching course in Transcendental Meditation. taught by the Maharishi Mahesh Yogi in Rishikesh. They planned to become gurus, or spiritual teachers, and use their music to spread Transcendental Meditation to a wide audience. Their helpers back in England looked after their business matters, so the Beatles could have time to study, and to think about what they learned. They released a new single, "Lady Madonna", just before they left for India, so they would not be missed by their fans while they were away.

Between classes and meditation sessions, the Beatles had plenty of free time. They brought some instruments with them, including acoustic guitars, and began to write new songs. "We wrote "tons" of songs in India," John Lennon later told "Playboy" magazine. Their wives and girlfriends also came along to India. Lennon and his wife Cynthia did not spend much time together. He would leave alone in the morning, to pick up the mail. It turned out he was receiving letters and postcards from Yoko Ono, a Japanese artist friend, and did not want Cynthia to know. He said later that while he was in India, he began to think about Ono "as a woman, not just an intellectual woman", and that he might want a romantic relationship with her.

In the end, none of the Beatles finished the course, and returned home to England. Ringo Starr did not like the spicy food served at the ashram where the Maharishi lived and taught, and it made him ill. He also missed his children. Paul McCartney became tired of the long sessions, and wanted to return home. Lennon and George Harrison heard stories that the Maharishi had flirted with Mia Farrow (an American actress who also took the course), and other women at the ashram. They did not think this was right for a "holy man" to do. They confronted the Maharishi, and later left with their wives to go home, deciding the Maharishi was a fraud.

The Beatles had formed their own company, Apple Corps, before they went to India. When they returned, they went to work full-time to make Apple Corps, and especially its record label, Apple Records, a success. To raise money, the Beatles had signed a new recording contract with EMI, the company who owned Parlophone Records, which made and sold their records. They also made an agreement with EMI for them to market Apple Records.

The Beatles needed to record seventy new songs within nine years, between 1967 and 1976, to complete their contract. They believed that once they delivered those seventy recordings, they would be free to go to another record company. Between all the songs they wrote in India, and their backlog of older songs, they knew they could finish the job. They recorded demos of many of the songs at George Harrison's house, using his four-track tape recorder, then began work on the album at Abbey Road Studios in London.

The Beatles's record producer, George Martin, thought they should take the best of the India songs, and make one especially good album. The Beatles instead decided to make a double album, with as many songs on it as possible, to help finish their contract quickly.

The lives of the individual Beatles changed greatly during 1968, and the making of the "White Album". Paul McCartney was engaged to actress Jane Asher, but she came home early one day and found him with another woman, Francine Schwartz, an American who worked for Apple Corps. She and McCartney fought, then made up, but decided to break up later. McCartney also began to use cocaine. The drug made him hard to get along with. Later in the year he met another woman, Linda Eastman, an American photographer who had a daughter, named Heather. McCartney loved children and wanted to start a family, while Jane Asher wanted to put her acting career first. Linda boasted that she would be proud to have McCartney's children. She and McCartney became very close, very quickly.

John Lennon invited Yoko Ono to his house, while Cynthia was away on a vacation with friends, one weekend in May. The two spent a night together in Lennon's attic studio, listening to his avant-garde recordings and finally making one of their own. Lennon discovered Ono was "as barmy (crazy) as I was", and that they connected personally in a way he and Cynthia never had. They finished the recording, and had intercourse as the sun rose that morning. They woke up late the next day, in love with each other, and decided to stay together from then on, even though they were both married to other people. Lennon's wife Cynthia and Ono's husband Anthony Cox both took the news very hard, with their children (Lennon's son Julian by Cynthia, and Ono's daughter Kyoko by Cox) caught in the middle.

George Harrison had grown as a musician and songwriter, and as a celebrity. He was the youngest member of the Beatles, and always felt "under the thumb" of Lennon and McCartney. They and George Martin limited how many of Harrison's songs the Beatles recorded, and turned down many of his songs that other bands would be happy to record. This frustrated Harrison. Almost nobody outside the Beatles knew about the situation. Friends like Ravi Shankar, who was Harrison's first real music teacher, and Eric Clapton, a phenomenal guitarist himself, treated him differently. Most of the public saw Harrison as an equal with Lennon and McCartney. Harrison began to think about making his own music, away from the Beatles.

Back at Abbey Road, Ringo Starr felt out of place during the recording sessions, and that he was not needed. Paul McCartney had not liked Starr's drumming on a song, and re-recorded the part himself when Starr was not there. This hurt Starr's feelings, and he decided to leave the band. He stayed home for a week, playing with his children and deciding what he should do next with his life. The other Beatles missed him, and invited him back. When Starr returned, McCartney and Harrison had covered his drums with flowers and welcome-back messages. Starr felt loved by his bandmates, and stayed.

The changes in the band's personal lives showed in their new recordings. Instead of sounding like a band working together, the songs sounded like solo artists working with a backing group. They also began to have problems getting along. Lennon brought Ono to the studio whenever he came, breaking a rule they had never to bring wives or girlfriends to sessions. Ono, who was also a musician, spoke her mind about how the music sounded, and it took everyone else by surprise. Harrison also began to speak up more for himself, when the band played together.

Outside the studio, people who worked for the Beatles, and the Beatles's fans in England, did not like Ono's influence on Lennon, and let the couple know often, and sometimes loudly. When they attended a play based on Lennon's writings, the audience harassed the pair, asking "Where's your wife, John?" Some members of the public made racist comments about Ono, or called her ugly.

Ono's new presence in Lennon's life even drove a wedge between him and McCartney. When the couple stayed at McCartney's house, McCartney left Lennon a note that insulted Ono greatly. He admitted later it had only been a joke, but Lennon felt like he no longer even knew McCartney, if he could make such an insult.

Neither Lennon nor Ono could believe the way they were treated by the public, by people who worked for the Beatles, and even by Lennon's friends. They felt hurt and hated. A friend suggested they try heroin, to relieve the pain they felt. Before long, the two were addicted to the drug. It caused problems with their health, and with how they acted in public.

Recording the "White Album" took much longer than the Beatles normally spent on an album. Their label, Apple Records, was expected to make a big debut over the summer, while the album would not be ready until at least that fall. In the meantime, they recorded songs for a single, as their part of the debut. Paul McCartney visited Cynthia and Julian, at their new home. He knew they were hurt by Lennon's leaving Cynthia for Yoko Ono, and he made up a song for Julian on the way, to cheer him up. Its words went "Hey Jules, it's not so bad. Take a sad song, and make it better." This turned into "Hey Jude", which became the Beatles's biggest hit single ever, and one of the first pop songs to last longer than three minutes.

The B-side of "Hey Jude" was "Revolution", a song by Lennon in reaction to the Soviet Union's action against student protests in Czechoslovakia, the ongoing war in Vietnam, and calls around the world for a revolution against the status quo. He hoped the band's first recording of the song would become their next single, but it was rejected as too slow and too long. He re-recorded the song, faster this time, lying on the studio floor to give the vocals more "punch". "Hey Jude" was seen as a bigger potential hit though, so "Revolution" became the B-side. The Beatles performed both songs live for an audience, and the performances appeared on "The David Frost Show" in England, and "The Smothers Brothers Comedy Hour" in America.

The songs appearing on the "White Album" included "Back In The USSR", McCartney's parody of songs by The Beach Boys and Chuck Berry. (Mike Love of the Beach Boys attended the Maharishi's course in India, at the same time as the Beatles.) McCartney normally played bass guitar, and Lennon rhythm guitar, on Beatles recordings, but this time McCartney played drums, with Lennon switching to bass guitar for the song.

"Dear Prudence" was about Mia Farrow's sister Prudence, who was also at the ashram in India. She spent long stretches of time meditating, and almost never came outside. Lennon wrote the song hoping to bring her out, to spend time with everyone. The guitar style he used on the song (and many songs afterwards) was the "clawhammer", a fingerpicking technique he learned from Donovan, another musician who went to India with them.

"Glass Onion" referenced recent songs and events in the Beatles's lives, and gave a false clue: "The Walrus was Paul". Lennon said later he'd given the line as a joke, and as a way to "say hi to Paul" McCartney. "The Continuing Story of Bungalow Bill" was about another of the Maharishi's students, who left the ashram to hunt tigers, then returned to meditate. "Julia" was about Lennon's mother, who had died ten years earlier, with images of Yoko Ono, whose name means "Ocean Child" in English.

"Sexy Sadie" was about Lennon's disappointment with the Maharishi: "You made a fool of everyone." He changed "Maharishi" to "Sexy Sadie", in case the Maharishi really could use some kind of spiritual power (or start a lawsuit) against him, but later confessed to "Rolling Stone" magazine who the song was about.

"Ob-La-Di, Ob-La-Da" was a retro song by McCartney. His songs on the album varied from old-fashioned to hard rock, such as "Helter Skelter", which was about a fairground ride. He also used fingerpicking styles on acoustic guitar, and his songs "Blackbird" and "Mother Nature's Son" included nature themes.

"While My Guitar Gently Weeps" showed Harrison's growth as a songwriter, and featured a guitar solo by Eric Clapton. It was the first time a guitar solo was played by a non-Beatle on a Beatles record. "Long Long Long" was about Harrison's rediscovery of God and spirituality as he became older. "Savoy Truffle" was about a box of Good News chocolate candies, which Clapton loved, but were harming his teeth.

Ringo Starr had tinkered with writing songs, but most were just variations on songs written by other people. "Don't Pass Me By" was one of his first efforts, from years earlier, and one of his first to sound original. He went on to write many other songs, in the years after the Beatles. Most were written with a partner, Vini Poncia.

The strangest recording included on the album was "Revolution 9", an avant-garde "picture of a revolution as it happens", as Lennon described later. George Harrison helped with ideas and narration. McCartney and George Martin did not want the track included on the album, but Lennon insisted it be used.

When the recordings were ready to be mastered, Lennon and McCartney spent forty-eight hours at Abbey Road Studios, working out the running order for the songs on the album. They took stimulant drugs to help them get through the marathon session. The band had done photo sessions during the year, but could not agree on any photos to use for the cover. They decided to go with a plain white cover, which had never been done before. They and their helpers made a collage of different photos, which was included as a poster with the album. Portrait photos of each member were also taken. Black-and-white prints appeared next to the song titles on the inner jacket, and colour prints were included with the poster. They did not appear together in the pictures, and this was taken later as a sign that the band was growing apart.

The album was completed, and scheduled to be released during November 1968. Coming out at nearly the same time were two "solo albums" by Lennon and Harrison, and this caused some problems. Harrison's was "Wonderwall Music", a soundtrack album to the movie "Wonderwall" by director Joe Massot. Harrison had recorded parts of the album in India, and parts in England. The only other Beatle involved with the album was Ringo Starr, who played drums on a few songs, and attended the movie's premiere with Harrison.

Lennon's album with Ono was "Two Virgins", edited down from the recording he made with Yoko Ono the first night they were together. The cover was a pair of nude photos of the couple, and it caused a lot of controversy. EMI was willing to master and press the album, but refused to print the cover or distribute any copies. Apple Records arranged for Track Records, a label owned by The Who, to issue "Two Virgins". The album was sold in a "plain brown wrapper" like pornography, and was not a hit. Only a few copies were pressed in Britain, and more copies were impounded in America than were sold. Many people thought Lennon was trying to destroy his own public image, releasing such an album. In a way they were right. He felt that the album was an honest statement of who he "really was", appearing naked with the woman he loved.

Problems aside, "The Beatles" sold well, and was another hit for the band. The Beatles held a release party, and gave early copies of the album to people who attended. (Peter Shotton, an old friend of Lennon's who worked for Apple, was given the eighth copy pressed, as he remembered later in his memoir.) Older people liked McCartney's traditional-sounding songs. Younger listeners liked the rock and acoustic songs on the album. Many people noticed Harrison and Starr's growth as songwriters, and that Harrison's voice sounded freer, smoother, and more confident than on earlier records.

Charles Manson, an American would-be musician with a small group of followers, heard the album in California, and thought the songs "Blackbird" and "Helter Skelter" were calls for a racial war, between African-American (black) and Caucasian (white) people. His beliefs resulted in a series of murders in Los Angeles during 1969, as he ordered members of his "Manson Family" to try to spark such a war, by committing hate crimes. Later during his trial, his lawyers tried to get John Lennon (staying in California at the time) or George Harrison to testify, but this never happened. Manson and four Family members were convicted of multiple murder. They were sentenced to be executed, but when the US Supreme Court overturned the death penalty, their sentences were changed to life imprisonment. None have ever been paroled.

During 1969, Allen Klein began to work for the Beatles, and for Apple Corps. He re-read the Beatles's recording contract, and pointed out that even after the band turned in their seventy new recordings to EMI, they were still under contract with them until 1976, and could not go to any other record company until then. The fact that they were so close to meeting the requirement, though, made it possible for him to re-negotiate their contract, and get them higher royalty payments.

The personal problems that had begun to show while the Beatles were making the "White Album" continued over the next year, as did problems with Apple Corps. McCartney stopped using cocaine, while Lennon and Ono tried to stop using heroin, but this did not help mend feelings between the Beatles. They finished two more albums, "Let It Be" and "Abbey Road", but the band broke apart soon afterwards, with Paul McCartney announcing in 1970 that he was starting a solo career.

In time, budget cutbacks resulted in the album's cover no longer being die-stamped (the title was printed instead) or numbered, but when it was re-issued on compact disc, early copies were again given serial numbers.

Albert Fert

Albert Fert (born 7 March 1938) is a French physicist. He discovered giant magnetoresistance which was used to make gigabyte hard disks much easier to build. He is a professor at Université Paris-Sud in Orsay and scientific director of a laboratory called Unité mixte de recherche. The laboratory is part of the Centre national de la recherche scientifique (National Scientific Research Centre) and Thales Group. He was awarded the 2007 Nobel Prize in Physics together with the German physicist Peter Grünberg.

Fert graduated in 1962 from the École Normale Supérieure in Paris. He received his master's degree in 1963 at the University of Paris, and earned his PhD in 1970 at the Université Paris-Sud.

In 1988 Fert discovered Giant magnetoresistance (GMR) in iron and chromium which began spintronics; GMR was also discovered by Peter Grünberg from the Jülich Research Centre but Peter Grünberg did not work with Fert. Since 1988, Albert Fert has helped to improve spintronics.




Peter Grünberg

Peter Andreas Grünberg (18 May 1939 – 7 April 2018) was a German physicist.

He won the 2007 Nobel Prize in Physics for discovering giant magnetoresistance. This made gigabyte hard disk drives easier to make. Half of the prize was given to Albert Fert. Fert discovered giant magnetoresistance at the same time. But, Fert and Grünberg did not work together.

Grünberg was born in Pilsen, Bohemia. When he was born, Pilsen was controlled by Nazi Germany. They called the country the Protectorate of Bohemia and Moravia. It is known now as the Czech Republic. Grünberg's father was named Fjodor Grinberg. He changed his name to Fjodor Grünberg in 1941.

The rest of the Grünberg family stayed for some time in the Petermann house in Untersekerschan. After World War II, the Czech government forced all people living in Pilsen that spoke German to leave the country. This was called the Beneš decrees. He moved with his mother (who died in 2002, aged 74) and sister to Lauterbach, Hesse. He studied at a gymnasium (second level school) there.

Grünberg received a diploma in 1962 from the Johann Wolfgang Goethe University. Then he studied at the Darmstadt University of Technology in Germany. He got his diploma in physics in 1966 and his Ph.D. in 1969 there. From 1969-1972, he studied at Carleton University in Ottawa, Canada. Later, he joined the Institute for Solid State Physics at the Jülich Research Centre. He was a leading researcher of magnetism until he retired in 2004.

Grünberg made important discoveries with ferrite (iron) and magnetism, such as the Giant magnetoresistive effect (GMR) in 1988. GMR has been used in many modern hard drives. Another use of the GMR effect is in magnetic random access memory.

Apart from the Nobel Prize, Grünberg has been awarded with shared prizes in the APS International Prize for New Materials, the International Union of Pure and Applied Physics Magnetism Award, the Hewlett-Packard Europhysics Prize, the Wolf Prize in Physics in and the 2007 Japan Prize. He won the German Future Prize for Technology and Innovation in 1998. He was named the European Inventor of the Year in the category "Universities and research institutions" by the European Patent Office and European Commission in 2006.

Grünberg died on 7 April 2018 in Jülich, Germany at the age of 78.


Easter eggplant

Easter eggplant is a plant of the nightshade family, related to aubergine (="S.melongena"). The stem and leafstalks are green, or very faintly tinged with purple, and bear a few white spines. Leaves are wavy at the edges. Flowers are lilac, it is recognized by its oblong fruit, also grown as an ornamental plant, for covering walls or trellises.


Sienna Guillory

Sienna Tiggy Guillory (said like "Gil-ir-ee" (IPA: [ˈɡɪlɜːɪ])) (born 16 March 1975) is an English actress and she used to be a model. She is famous for acting as Jill Valentine in "Resident Evil: Apocalypse" and as Elf Arya Drottningu in "Eragon".

She is daughter of Isaac Guillory, an Anglo-Cuban folk guitarist, and his first wife, Tina. Guillory has acted in many British movies, and later in American movies. Not long ago, she acted in a number of science-fiction and fantasy movies written for teenagers.

While working on the 1996 movie "The Future Lasts A Long Time", Guillory met English actor Nick Moran, and she was married to Moran from July 1997 until 2000. Later, she married Enzo Cilenti, in 2002, and Guillory wore her grandmother's wedding gown. In 2007, they moved to Los Angeles, California, USA.

Guitar Hero Encore: Rocks the 80s

Guitar Hero Encore: Rocks the 80s is a video game for the PlayStation 2 consoles. It is part of the "Guitar Hero" series of games. It was released on July 24, 2007 in the United States and in the European Union and on August 1 2007 in Australia. The game features songs and music from the 1980s. The game features artists such as Quiet Riot, Ratt, Poison and Iron Maiden.

Super Mario Bros. 2

Super Mario Bros. 2 is the second game of the "Mario" series. It is the name of two different games. In Japan, the game was created by Nintendo. Shigeru Miyamoto thought that the original "" was too hard for Americans, and decided to remake a Japanese game called "", and replaced the old characters with the "Mario" characters Mario, Luigi, Princess Peach, and Toad. The game was much different from other "Mario" games because of this.

This game features four characters: Toad, Luigi, Mario, and Princess Peach. Each one has different characteristics. Luigi can jump higher than the other characters, Peach can stay afloat for a few seconds longer than the others when jumping, Toad can pull items out of the ground quicker whilst Mario has generic all-round abilities. The player can pick the character at the start of each level.

Unlike the regular "Mario" games, Mario and his friends have vegetables and can pick up some enemies and throw them.

Sierra Mist

Sierra Mist was a lemon lime soft drink similar to 7 Up and Sprite. It was made by the Pepsi Company from 1999 to 2023. Their rival soft drink is Sprite which is made by The Coca-Cola Company.

Sierra Mist comes in many flavors such as:


Mario Kart: Double Dash!!

Mario Kart: Double Dash!! is a racing game made by Nintendo Entertainment Analysis and Development and released for the Nintendo GameCube in 2003. It is the fourth "Mario Kart" game.

New things were added in this game. Nine characters returned, while 11 new characters appeared. A special item for each character has also been added. Lots of people liked "Mario Kart: Double Dash!!" Its score on Metacritic was 87 out of 100. People liked the looks and the new characters, modes etc., but people did not like the character's voices. Lots of people liked this game. 3.8 million "Mario Kart: Double Dash!!" CDs were sold in the United States, and more than 802,000 "Double Dash!!" CDs were sold in Japan.

"Double Dash!!" is different to the other "Mario Kart" games. You can now use two characters at a time. One drives and the other one uses items. You can not put an item at the back of the kart as a shield against shells, so you will have to quickly move away from them instead. This is the first game where the characters lose their items when they get hit. Players can also steal items from other characters. If a character makes blue sparks, they get a small boost (called a mini-turbo). 

Up to four people can go against each other in this game. As well as the other games, the race tracks have lots of twists and turns and things to try to drive away from. There are some mini-games in "Mario Kart: Double Dash!!" "Double Dash!!" lets 16 people play against each other if one of them has a special type of cable.

There are twenty playable characters. Eleven of them were new to the series. Characters have their own items/special abilities. The characters speed, acceleration etc. depends on the weight. There are 16 race tracks. There is also a "150cc Mirror Cup". In Mirror Cup mode, you are still playing the normal game but looks like you are looking into a mirror and playing "Mario Kart" (minus your own face).

"Double Dash!!" was first shown in 2001. People saw Mario and Luigi driving their karts on a flat floor for seven seconds. It was being made and was basically "Mario Kart" at the time. In April 2003, Nintendo showed pictures of the game and said that the game would be called ""Mario Kart: Double Dash!!"". In 2003, some people were able to play a demo of the game (not all characters and tracks were in it). New things, like having two characters drive one kart, had been added. A new demo with some new things was shown at the Games Convention in August 2003. In September, Nintendo showed people a nearly complete and more sped up version of "Double Dash!!". The Gamers' Summit said that the game would be out in North America on the 17th of November, 2003.

The guys who made the game struggled to come up with new stuff the fans would like. Kiyoshi Mizuki, the main director, had a hard time with how to hook new fans into the game; he decided to make it as simple as possible. Producer Shigeru Miyamoto gave the staff some pointers about stuff to put in the game the best they could. He let them pick out how they wanted to do the graphics.

The staff wanted to let people play online but the technology was not good enough for that yet. They also wanted to do something with a Game Boy Advance connection for this game, but they decided "Double Dash!!" did not fit anything like that. They wanted to make sure the really good players and the not-so-good players were all able to have fun with this game, so they took out things like not slipping when you hit a banana.

The game music was made by Shinobu Tanaka and Kenta Nagata. A lot of the main "Mario" voice actors came back for this game, like Charles Martinet as Mario, Luigi, Wario, Waluigi, Baby Mario, and Baby Luigi; Jen Taylor as Princess Peach, Toad, Toadette, and Birdo; Deanna Mustard as Princess Daisy; Kazumi Totaka as Yoshi; Scott Burns as Bowser; and Dolores Rogers as Bowser Jr.






Most people liked "Mario Kart: Double Dash!!", and it sold a lot. This game got the "Multiplayer Game" award from ITV's "Game Stars" in 2004. It's sold about 4.67 million times around the world, 3.8 million in the United States, and over 802,000 in Japan. The NPD Group says "Double Dash!!" was the best-selling game of November 2003. It's also the third best-selling GameCube game in Australia. In October 2006, the NPD Group said this game sold seventh best for the GameCube in the United States.


Khan

Khan should not be confused with Kahn, which is a German surname.

Khan may mean:

In fiction:

In music:

Khan may also be:

Khan (title)

Khan means "ruler" or "commander" in Turkic and Mongolic Languages.

It may be from an Altaic language, probably a Mongolic language like Ruanruan.

Presently, khans exist mostly in South Asia, Central Asia and Iran. 

A female khan is called a Khatun or Khanum.

Khagan means 'Khan of Khans' but is often (incorrectly) 'shortened' to Khan. This is similar to how the Persian "Shahanshah," 'King of Kings', is usually simply called the Shah. Genghis was also called the 'Great Khan' like how Ottoman Padishah was called the 'Great Sultan'.

Khans rule over Khanates. Khagans rule over Khaganates.

Khan , Khan is a popular South Asian last name (e.g. Salman Khan).

Khan now has many equivalent meanings such as commander, leader, or ruler. It is sometimes translated as king or prince (but Khan is a bit different). Originally Khans led small tribes.

There have been several variations on the title used in modern times. "Khan Bahadur" or "Khan Sahib" was a title of honour, granted by India to Muslims who had done major deeds of valour, or service to the nation or government. The Hindu counterpart for this title was "Rai Bahadur" or "Rai Sahib". This title was normally granted in addition to other awards and decorations and added either before or after a person's actual name as a prefix or suffix.

It was used by the Mongols in their Mongol Empire.

The title "Khan" became well known when Mongol Temüjin conquered most of Eurasia and formed the Mongol Empire. It was the greatest land empire the world ever saw. 

He is often called Genghis Khan. But his real title was khagan. 

The Mongol empire branched into the Ilkhanate of Persia and the Chagatai Khaganate of Central Asia.



Crime in Russia

Crime in Russia has many different types. Organized crimes include drug trafficking, money laundering, human trafficking, extortion, murder for hire, and fraud. Many criminal operations take part in corruption, black marketeering, terrorism and abduction. Other forms of crime done by criminal groups are arms trafficking, export of contraband oil and metals, and smuggling of radioactive materials. Crime rate in Russia sharply increased since the late 1980s. The fall of communism in Eastern Europe had tremendous influence on the political economy of organized crime. Approximately 8,000 criminal groups are in the country. Almost 50% of the nation's economy is connected to organized crime.

Drug trafficking and illegal drug use is a big problem in the nation. The disintegration of the Soviet Union, the civil war in Afghanistan, the civil war in Tajikistan, and the conflicts in the North Caucasus have made the favorable conditions for the development of illegal drug trade. But measures have been taken to fight drug trafficking. Russia is a party of the 1988 United Nations Convention Against Illicit Traffic in Narcotic Drugs and Psychotropic Substances. In March 2003, Russian President Vladimir Putin established the Russian State Committee for Control over the 
Illegal Trafficking of Narcotics and Psychotropic Substances for combating drug trafficking with more coordinated manner.

Russia is a supply, transit, and destination country for men, women, and children being trafficked for various purposes. The trafficking is multidimensional and it involves both commercial sexual exploitation and labor exploitation. Russia is a significant source of women trafficked to over 50 nations. Internal trafficking is a problem in the country; women are trafficked from rural areas to urban settlements for commercial sexual exploitation. Men are trafficked internally and from Central Asia for forced labor in the construction and agricultural industries. Debt bondage is common among the trafficking victims. Arms trafficking has become a significant problem in Russia following the disintegration of the Soviet Union.

Arms trafficking in Russia stemmed from corruption in the armed forces and the illegal sale of military equipments. In 2000, the number of seized unregistered firearms was 300,000, which was a 37% increase compared with 1999. Many Russian criminal organizations, aside from arms trafficking in Russia, provide weapons to the terrorist groups in Chechnya. Poaching was rare in the Soviet Union,

Poaching is now a major problem in the country. The main cause for poaching in Russia is the consequence of the social and political changes since the collapse of the Soviet Union. State-controlled farms stopped functioning due to the fall of the previous system resulting in high unemployment. Unemployment, poverty, inflation, shortage of food and demand for foreign currency have major impact on the wildlife in the country. Animals being poached are bear, musk deer, tiger etc. Approximately 50,000 cases of poaching are registered annually in Russia.
Between 1992 and 1996, law enforcement agencies in Russia mainly focused on drug trafficking, arms trafficking, money laundering and 
the First Chechen War, and environmental crimes like poaching and illegal timber smuggling were generally not treated as national security issues. During the post-perestroika transition, the government agencies for environment and wildlife protection experienced severe budget cuts which led to layoffs and salary reductions for wildlife rangers in places like Primorski Krai and it reduced the resources of the rangers to fight against the poachers. There has been an increasing demand for bear parts, especially bile, and it led to an increase in poaching of bears in the Russian Federation. The collapse of communism in the country had significant influence on the average Russian's economic ability to maintain his or her family. There are a large population of bears in Russia, and Russia's trade in bear parts is primarily with nearby Asian countries like South Korea and the People's Republic of China. Because of these poaching of bears become easy for Russians. Poaching of the snow leopard is a serious problem in Russia along with Afghanistan, India, Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, Mongolia, Nepal, Pakistan, People’s Republic of China, Russia, Tajikstan and Uzbekistan.

The murder rate in Russia has become three times as big between 1988 and 1994 and is now among the highest in the world. In 1998, a total of 24,537,600 crimes happened in United States, while in Russia a total of 2,581,940 crimes were recorded. In 1999, the number was 23,677,800 and 3,001,748 respectively. Total recorded rapes in the United States was 93,140 and 89,110 for the years 1998 and 1999, while this number was 7,724 and 7,314 respectively for Russia. 
Following is a comparison of various crimes per 1000 people from 1998 to 2000:


Crime in India

Crime in India is very common and happens in many different ways. Along with violent crimes (like homicide, robbery, and assault), and property crimes (like burglary, theft, motor vehicle theft, and arson), there are major problems with organized crime, the illegal drug trade, arms trafficking, corruption, and many other forms of crime. The most common types of crimes in India are listed below.

Organized crime is planned and done by groups of people. Their goals are to gain power and make money in Illegal ways. Common organized crimes in India include:
Many criminal organizations also commit these crimes:

India is located between the Golden Crescent (made of Pakistan, Afghanistan, and Iran) and the Golden Triangle (made of Myanmar, Thailand, and Laos). The Golden Crescent and the Golden Triangle are the two biggest makers of opium in Asia. Their opium-making is secret and illegal. Because of India's location, a lot of this illegal opium is trafficked (snuck illegally) through India's borders.

India is the world's largest maker of legal opium. But its opium gets diverted (taken away by drug traffickers) to other countries where opium and heroin are illegal.

India is a common starting point for drug traffickers who take heroin on ships from Afghanistan and Pakistan, and from Myanmar, Laos, and Thailand. The heroin is then smuggled from Pakistan and Myanmar, with some heroin also shipped through Nepal. Most heroin shipped from India goes to Europe. There have been reports of heroin smuggled from Mumbai to Nigeria to get the drugs to more countries.

In Maharashtra, Mumbai is an important centre where people sell heroin. The most commonly used drug in Mumbai is "Indian heroin" (called "desi mal" by the local population). Both public transportation (road and rail transportation) and private transportation are used for this drug trade.

The Government of India has tried a few ways of fighting drug trafficking in the country. India is a party to (meaning it signed onto and agreed to follow):

According to a report published together by Oxfam, Amnesty International, and the International Action Network on Small Arms in 2006, there are around 40 million illegal small arms in India. This would mean that India had over half of the small arms in the entire world (the world had 75 million, according to the report).

Most of the illegal small arms end up in the states of Bihar, Chhattisgarh, Uttar Pradesh, Jharkhand, Orissa and Madhya Pradesh. In India, a used AK-47 costs $3,800 on the illegal black market. But a large amount of illegal small arms are made in illegal arms factories in Uttar Pradesh and Bihar, and sold on the black market for as little as $5.08.

Chinese pistols are in demand in the illegal small arms market in India because they are easy to get and cheaper. This creates a major problem for the states of Bihar, Uttar Pradesh, Jharkhand, Chhattisgarh, Orissa, Maharashtra, West Bengal, Karnataka and Andhra Pradesh. These states are affected by Naxalism. Naxalites are groups of Communist guerrilla fighters in India. Many Chinese pistols, AK-47s, and M-16 rifles are smuggled into India through the border between India and Nepal. These weapons are then used by the Naxalites, who have ties to Maoists in Nepal.

Illegal wildlife trade in India has increased. There are laws against killing some animals, taking rare plants, and smuggling them into other countries. But a report published by the Environmental Investigation Agency in 2004 said that more traders of wildlife skins go to India than any other country. Between 1994 and 2003, there were 784 cases where the skins of tigers, leopards, or otters have been seized (taken away from illegal traders by police). Also between 1994 and 2003, police seized 698 otters who had been poached (illegally taken or killed).

Poaching of elephants is a big problem in Southern India and in the North-Eastern states of Nagaland and Mizoram. Most tiger poaching happens in Madhya Pradesh, Uttar Pradesh, Uttarakhand, Orissa, West Bengal, Assam and Arunachal Pradesh.

Once they are poached, leopards, rhinoceros, reptiles, birds, insects, and rare species of plants are smuggled into the countries in Southeast Asia and the People's Republic of China. Often, poachers bring illegal animal skins from India to Kathmandu, the capital city of Nepal, ion the way to Tibet and China. In its report in 2004, the Environmental Investigation Agency said that there was not enough cooperation between India, Nepal, and the People's Republic of China. Because these countries were not cooperating, they could not work together to enforce anti-poaching laws and were not interested enough in fighting wildlife crime together.

On April 1, 1973, Prime Minister Indira Gandhi launched Project Tiger, which was first started in 1972. Project Tiger was a wildlife conservation project - a project that tried to protect wildlife from being poached. Project Tiger created 23 tiger reserves (protected areas for tigers), said they had been successful since the number of tigers in India had increased. But critics like conservationist Billy Arjan Singh said that tigers had only moved to India from Nepal because their habitat in Nepal had been destroyed - not because of wildlife policy in India.

Cyber crime - crimes done by computer - are very, very common in India. Examples of cyber crime include: 
India has tried many things to decrease cybercrime. The Information Technology Act 2000 was passed by the Parliament of India in May 2000. Its goal was to decrease cyber crimes and start setting up laws to allow e-commerce. However, Pavan Duggan, a lawyer with the Supreme Court of India and cyber law expert, complained that the IT act focused too much on promoting e-commerce and not enough on dealing with cybercrimes. Cybercrime cells have been set up in major cities. But Duggal said the problem is that most cases are never reported because people do not know their rights under Indian law.

In 2001, India and United States joined together in an Indian-US cyber security forum as part of a counter-terrorism dialogue. In 2006, India and the US agreed to have their law enforcement agencies work together more in fighting cybercrimes. They saw this as an important part of counter-terrorism efforts.

In 2006, U.S. President George W. Bush and Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh met to discuss cyber security. Afterward, they held a press conference together. They said that because cyber security and cyber forensic research (like finding evidence in computers) are so important, India and the United States were also talking about a draft protocol on cyber security.

Corruption is very common in India. It is common in every section and every level of Indian society. Corruption has also become a big part of Indian politics. In India, corruption takes many forms, including:
India has state laws that make it illegal for police to torture people. But these laws are not often obeyed. Torture is often used when people are arrested or jailed by the police. This torture is a major cause of deaths in police custody. The police often torture innocent people until they 'confess' (they say they did the crime). This false confession is then used to save important, rich people who have actually committed crimes. One major problem that keeps police violence possible is a lack of accountability (meaning no one gets in trouble if they torture a person), according to G.P. Joshi. Joshi runs the Indian branch of the Commonwealth Human Rights Initiative in New Delhi.

In 2006, the Supreme Court of India decided a case called "Prakash Singh vs. Union of India". In its decision, the Court ordered central and state governments to begin police reform. The Court had two goals with its decision. The first was to give tenure to police officers, and to make it simpler for police officers to get hired or transfer to a different area. The second was to increase police accountability.

Criminals visit markets and other places that are popular with tourists, with the goal of committing crimes against foreigners (people from other countries). Westerners have become victims of robbery, rape, and other violent attacks. Because foreigners often have more money than most people in India, they are often criminals' favorite target for robbery and other serious crimes. In April 1999, a group of Indians made friends with Swaraj Damree, a tourist from Mauritius. The group kidnapped Damree and held him captive for 25 days. They robbed him of cash worth $1,500 in U.S. dollars, and stole his traveller's cheques, wrist watch, gold chain, bracelet, two bags and suitcase. In 2000, two German tourists were shot in Himachal Pradesh. A few weeks later, two Spanish tourists were killed by robbers in the same state. Many foreign tourists are victims of violent crime in Kolkata. In September 2006, criminals robbed the wallet of a British woman in Kolkata. The same month, a Japanese tourist was robbed on his way to Sudder Street. In October 2006, a foreigner was robbed during the day on Park Street.

Petty crime, like stealing people's wallets and bags, is common in India. Stealing valuable things from foreigners' luggage on trains and buses is also common. People traveling alone are especially likely to have their things stolen by pickpockets and purse snatchers, who usually work in crowded areas.

In India, stealing tourists' passports from their luggage on trains and buses is very common. Theft of U.S. passports happens often, especially in major tourist areas.

Criminals run many scams against tourists, especially in Jaipur, the capital of Rajasthan. The criminals usually pick younger tourists to try to scam. They tell the tourists that they can make a lot of money if they move gems or gold, or if they take expensive carpets back home in their luggage to avoid customs duties.

If a tourist agrees, the scam continues for a few days. Then a new scam artist offers to show the tourist interesting places in the area. The scammers also offer cheap places to stay and meals to the tourist. They do this so that the tourist ends up being with the scam artist all the time. The scam artist is then threatened and maybe hurt, until he gives up his passport to the scammers.

In 2006, an American became a victim of a scam at Chhatrapati Shivaji International Airport in Mumbai. She lost $77 U.S. dollars.

Taxi drivers also run scams in India. These scams are run on tourists who do not know their way around India or Indian airports. Some taxi drivers will drive tourists around the whole airport, so they can charge a lot of money for the ride when the part of the airport that the tourist wants to go to was actually very close by. In a report, the Overseas Security Advisory Council talked about taxi scams and how to avoid them.

There have been more and more rapes of tourists at popular tourist spots. In March 2006, Biti Mohanty, the son of a senior police official in Orissa, raped a German tourist in Alwar, Rajasthan. The next month, a Japanese woman was raped in Pushkar, Rajasthan. In June 2007, a South Korean tourist was raped near Manali. In September 2007, two Japanese women were gang-raped in Agra, a popular tourist spot in India where the Taj Mahal is located.

The Indian state of Rajasthan is a popular place among foreign tourists. One out of every three tourists that go to India visit this state. Rajasthan has been rattled by rape cases of foreign tourists. The Indian Bureau of Consular Affairs has warned women from the United States not to travel alone in India.

A report published by the National Crime Records Bureau compared crime rates from 1953 to 2006. The report found that: 

In 2006, 51,02,460 cognizable crimes were committed. In India, cognizable crimes are serious crimes, where a police officer could make an arrest without needing a warrant first. Examples of cognizable crimes include rape, murder, and theft. Among the cognizable crimes committed in 2006, there were 18,78,293 Indian Penal Code (IPC) crimes and 32,24,167 Special & Local Laws (SLL) crimes. The IPC crime rate in 2006 was 167.7 compared to 165.3 in 2005, showing an increase of 1.5% in 2006 over 2005. SLL crime rate in 2006 was 287.9 compared to 290.5 in 2005, showing a decrease of 0.9% in 2006 over 2005.

SOURCE: National Crime Records Bureau

Different places in India have different amounts and types of crime. For example:


Birthmark

A birthmark is a mark on skin that some people are born with. nevus|congenital melanocytic nevi, and port-wine stains.

A birthmark was once thought of as the mark of the devil, and today it is often considered a birth defect. In some cases this mark is considered to be the mark of God applied to his chosen few

Pskov

Pskov (, ancient Russian spelling Пльсковъ ("Pleskov")) is an old city in the northwest of Russia. It is the administrative center of Pskov Oblast. It is about east of the Estonian border, on the Velikaya River.

There was Pskov feudal republic depended of Novgorod.

Pskov is twinned with the following cities: 


Perth, Scotland

Perth () is a city and the main part of the Perth and Kinross council area in Scotland, with around 43,450 people living there. The town was a large burgh before 1975.

Perth is named by some people as "The Fair City", Its status in the United Kingdom was not a city a city until 2012. Then, with Chelmsford (in Essex, England) and St Asaph (in north Wales), it was given city status to mark Queen Elizabeth II's 60 years on the throne.
Scotland's other six cities are Edinburgh, Glasgow, Aberdeen, Dundee, Stirling and Inverness.

Perth also has its own football team, St. Johnstone F.C.. This plays in the Scottish Premiership.


Nevermore

Nevermore is an American metal band from Seattle, Washington. Their style of metal is a mixture of many different types like progressive metal, thrash metal, and power metal. They formed in 1991. The members right now are: Warrel Dane (vocals), Jeff Loomis (guitar), Jim Sheppard (bass), Van Williams (drums).

Machine Head

Machine Head is a metal band from Oakland in California. They play a mixture of thrash metal and groove metal. The band members right now are: Robb Flynn (guitars, vocals), Jared MacEachern (bass), Wacław Kiełtyka (lead guitar) and Matt Alston (drums).




Fritz Haber Institute of the Max Planck Society

The Fritz Haber Institute of the Max Planck Society is a science research group in Dahlem, Berlin, Germany. 

The original was called Kaiser Wilhelm Institute for Physical Chemistry and Electrochemistry, and it was founded in 1911. That became part of the Max Planck Society and took the name of the first director, Fritz Haber, in 1953.

The Institute has researched many kinds of physics including chemical kinetics and reaction dynamics, colloid chemistry, atomic physics, spectroscopy, surface chemistry and surface physics, chemical physics and molecular physics, theoretical chemistry, and materials science.

During World War I and World War II, the Institute did much war work for Germany's military.

Some of the most important members in the Institutes past are: Herbert Freundlich, Paul Friedlander, Rudolf Ladenburg, Michael Polanyi, Ladislaus Farkas, Hartmut Kallmann, Robert Havemann, Karl Friedrich Bonhoeffer, Rudolf Brill, Kurt Moliere, Jochen Block, Heinz Gerischer, Rolf Hosemann, Kurt Überreiter, and Alex Bradshaw.

Nobel Prize winners involved with the Institute include Max von Laue (1914), Fritz Haber (1918), James Franck (1925), Otto Hahn (1944), Eugene Wigner (1963), Ernst Ruska (1986), Gerhard Ertl (2007).


Microformat

