Kenneth J. Spreitzer wrote the original PC program called "UnInstaller". It was first licensed to MicroHelp and now (Feb 1998) sold by CyberMedia. After writing the program, Mr. Spreitzer went on to found Maximized Software.

Mr. Spreitzer is a graduate of the University of California, Irvine in the Donald Bren School of Information and Computer Sciences. He was also the radio personality "Captain Sensible" as heard on KUCI.


Brandy &amp; Mr. Whiskers

Brandy and Mr. Whiskers is an American animated television series from Disney Channel. It is about a female dog named Brandy and a rabbit named Mr. Whiskers. They both get stuck in the Amazon Rainforest together and have to work together to survive.


Dwyane Wade

Dwyane Tyrone Wade Jr. (born January 17, 1982) is an American basketball player. He was born in Chicago, Illinois. His parents divorced a short time after he was born. He attended college at Marquette University on a scholarship. He was on scholarship for basketball but he did not play his first year because of academic problems. The next year he started on Marquette and led them to a good season. The year after that he led the "Marquette Golden Eagles" to the Final Four in the NCAA tournament.

Wade went on to the NBA and was selected as the 5th pick overall in the NBA draft by the Miami Heat. He had a good rookie season in the NBA, averaging 15 points per game and 6 assists per game. He soon became a superstar and led the Heat to an NBA championship in 2006. Wade was named the Most Valuable Player (MVP) of the 2006 NBA Finals, in which the Heat beat the Dallas Mavericks.


Himalayan wolf

The Himalayan wolf is a proposed clade within the Tibetan wolf ("Canis lupus filchneri") subspecies. Its mitochondrial DNA is basal to all other wolves including other Tibetan wolves. The taxonomic status of this wolf clade was disputed: the separate species "Canis himalayensis" was proposed, based on two limited DNA studies.

Angelroda

Angelroda is a former municipality of the district Ilm-Kreis Rural District, in Thuringia, Germany. On 31 December 2019, it became part of the municipality Martinroda.

Elgersburg

Elgersburg is a municipality in the Ilm-Kreis Rural District, in Thuringia, Germany.

Hull, Florida

Hull, Florida is an unincorporated community in Southwest DeSoto County, Florida. About 150 people live there.

Hull had a creosote tie treating plant for the Charlotte Harbor and Northern Railroad. The railroad was bought by the Seaboard Air Line Railroad in the 1920s. The Seaboard Railroad kept using the creosote plant through the 1950s. In the late 1920s, Hull became the junction of a new line of the SAL to Fort Myers and Naples. Passenger service was done on the branch. This line was stopped in 1953.

Seii

Seii (; 1326 – c. 1354) was the 2 king of the Okinawan kingdom of Chūzan. He ruled after his father, Tamagusuku, in 1336, when he was only ten years old.

Cecil Rhodes

Cecil Rhodes (5 July 1853 - 26 March 1902) was an English-born South African businessman and politician. He was the son of an Anglican vicar. He came from an English grammar school and at the age of 16 was sent to the British colony of Natal in South Africa due to poor health. There he became involved in diamond mining and founded the world-renowned De Beers diamond company. 

He later returned to England briefly to study at Oriel College, Oxford. He was the starter of Rhodesia. He started the British South Africa Company. He led it to expand British territory to the north and form the colony of Rhodesia.

When he was 27, he entered parliament, in 1881. He became Prime Minister of Cape Colony from 1890 to 1896. He was supported by the Afrikaner Bond in the Cape Colony until he betrayed them by supporting a rebellion against their relatives, the Boers of the South African Republic. He set up the Jameson Raid, led by his close friend Leander Starr Jameson in 1895. The raid was an unauthorised attack on Paul Kruger's South African Republic (or Transvaal). After that the Bond forced him to resign. His heart was weak, and after years of ill health he died in 1902. He was buried in what is now Zimbabwe; his grave has been a controversial site. 

He supported the Liberal Party and the Irish Parliamentary Party in domestic politics, in the UK. 

He started the Rhodes scholarships in his will. They let citizens of British colonies, the United States and Germany to study at Oxford on a scholarship if they demonstrated certain academic and character qualities. He was a Freemason. The scholarship has benefited prime ministers of Malta, Australia and Canada, United States President Bill Clinton, and many others.

When he was prime minister, Rhodes used his political power to take land from black Africans through the Glen Grey Act. To be able to vote, people needed to have a certain amount of money. In the Franchise and Ballot Act, he tripled that sum. This effectively barred black people from taking part in elections. 

Many scholars think that he was a white supremacist. In his last years he was pursued by the Princess Catherine Radziwill, a Polish adventuress.

With the strengthening of international movements against racism, such as Rhodes Must Fall and Black Lives Matter, Rhodes' legacy is a matter of debate to this day. Critics cite his confiscation of land from the black indigenous population of the Cape Colony, and false claims that southern African archeological sites such as Great Zimbabwe were built by European civilisations.

Akira Toriyama

Toriyama died on March 1, 2024 from acute subdural hematoma, aged 68.

<br>

I. M. Pei

Ieoh Ming Pei (April 26, 1917 – May 16, 2019) was a Chinese American architect. Pei was an important name in his field, with his buildings built all over the world. When he was a child, he learned basic knowledge about architecture from his father.

Pei made innovations in architecture, and won the Thomas Jefferson Memorial Medal for Architecture. He built the Allied Bank Tower in Dallas, Texas, as well as the Louvre Pyramid, which is the main entrance to the Louvre Museum in Paris. In 1983, Pei won the Pritzker Prize.
Pei died in the New York City borough of Manhattan on May 16, 2019. He was 102 years old.

"I. M. Pei." Notable Asian Americans. Ed. Helen Zia and Susan B. Gall. Detroit: Gale, 1995. Biography in Context. Web. May 29, 2015.
"I. M. Pei." Newsmakers. Detroit: Gale, 1990. Biography in Context. Web. May 29, 2015.

Isaac Bashevis Singer

Isaac Bashevis Singer (; November 11, 1903 – July 24, 1991) was a leading writer in Yiddish literature. He was a Jewish American who was born in Poland. He won the Nobel Prize in Literature in 1978. He also was vegetarian.

John von Neumann

John von Neumann (December 28. 1903 – February 8. 1957) was a Hungarian-American mathematician and physicist.

He contributed to many fields, including:


He is generally regarded as a prodigy, polymath and one of the most important mathematicians of the 20th century.

He was a member of a group called the 'Martians'. They were Hungarian immigrants to the US of extraordinary intellect. Others people in this group were Edward Teller, Paul Erdős, Leó Szilárd and Eugene Wigner.


Iwan Roberts

Iwan Wyn Roberts (born 26 June, 1968 in Bangor, Wales) is a Welsh football player. He played for the Welsh national team and several English teams, including Norwich City F.C. and Wolverhampton Wanderers F.C..

At Norwich, Roberts twice won the "player of the year" trophy.

As a player, Roberts was a striker.

Ballpoint pen

A ballpoint pen or biro (pronounced "BY-roe", named after its inventor László Bíró), is a modern kind of pen for writing. It uses oil-based ink of high viscosity. The ink is inside a long, thin tube inside the pen. When a person writes with it, the ink comes onto the small, ball-shaped tip of the unit. The ink dries almost as soon as it is on the paper. 

Ballpoint pens may be cheap or expensive:

Before the ballpoint pen was invented people usually wrote with pens which were dipped into ink, or fountain pens which were filled with ink. When the ballpoint pen was invented, many people thought they were inferior to use because the user's handwriting was not as good. Children in school continued to use the old dip pens. However, ballpoint pens are cheaper and simpler to use than pens that need to be dipped in ink.

The ink in a ballpoint is different from the ink used in a dip or fountain pen. It is a paste. It has 25 to 40 per cent dye suspended in an oil-based solvent. The most common oils are benzyl alcohol or phenoxyethanol, which mix with the dyes to create a smooth paste that dries quickly. Common dyes in blue (and black) ink are Prussian blue, Victoria blue, methyl violet, crystal violet and phthalocyanine blue. The dye eosin is commonly used for red ink. 

Biros have the advantage of being very cheap, and easily portable. As a gel or paste, the dye does not run and is stable. For the same reason, the dye needs harder pressure to write than a fountain pen does, sometimes very hard pressure. This is not true of rollerball pens, which are ballpoints that use water-based ink of low viscosity. And it is not true of pencils.


Bando kickboxing

Bando kickboxing is the modern, sport form of "lethwei", nicknamed in Europe "Burmese boxing of four arms". It has been born in North America in the beginning of the years 1960, this type of fencing with feet and with gloved fists in a ring has given life, in the USA of the years 1970, to several forms of full contact and of kickboxing.

There exist, in competition, two forms of fight: "controlled bando kickboxing" (light contact) where the blows only touch the opponent in order to not hurt him, and the "Bando kickboxing of full contact" where the blows with full power are acceptable, destined to the adults who are more expert. According to the age and to the technical level, the rules and the conditions of competition are variable: particularly, there change the authorized and forbidden techniques, the time of fight, the type of surface of fight (carpet or ring) and the wearing of certain protections (helmet, plastron (protector of chest and abdomen), protectors of shins, slippers, etc.).



Spratly Islands

The Spratly Islands are 100 small uninhabited islands in the South China Sea. Fish are an abundant resource around the islands, and as the countries of Brunei Darussalam, China, Indonesia, Malaysia, Philippines, Taiwan, and Vietnam have a commercial interest in them.. These countries share control of the islands but have varying claims of territory.

The islands are named after the British whaling captain Richard Spratly who saw Spratly Island in 1843.

The islands have less than 2 km (490 acres) of land area.

Sumba

Sumba is an island in Indonesia, and is one of the Lesser Sunda Islands. It has an area of 11,153 km², and the population was at about 611,422 people as of the year 2005. There is a dry season from May to November and a rainy season from December to April. Historically, this island exported sandalwood.

Gili Trawangan

Gili Trawangan is the largest of Lombok's Gili Islands. It is the only one to rise notably above sea level. It is long and wide. The island has a population of about 1000 people. Of the Gilis, Trawangan has the most tourist facilities. The pub Tîr na Nôg says that Trawangan is the smallest island in the world with an Irish pub. The most crowded part of Trawangan is on the eastern side.

On Gili Trawangan (as well as the other two Gilis), there are no motorized vehicles. The main means of transportation are bicycles (rented by the people who live on the island to tourists) and cidomo (a small horse pulled carriage). For traveling to and from each of the Gilis, motorized boats and speedboats are used.

Some of the first people to live on Gili Trawangan were from Sulawesi. They were fishermen and farmers. Before they came to Gili Trawangan, the island was covered in forest and deer lived there.

The economy of Gili Trawangan centres on tourism. The island is too small to support large amounts of agriculture. It is also too far away from other places to be useful for either industry or commerce. 


Gili Meno

Gili Meno is an island in Indonesia. It is the middle of Lombok's three Gilis. It has population of about 300, mainly concentrated on the center of the island. The main income of the population comes from tourism, coconut plantation, and fishing. On the west side of the island there is a small shallow lake that produces salt in the dry season. Until a few years ago there was also a small production of seaweed on the reef at the north end of the island. It has swimming beaches all around the island, as well as an impressive bird sanctuary.


Gili Air

Gili Air is the smallest of the Gilis and it is closest to the Lombok mainland, making it popular with honeymoon couples and travelers seeking a quiet retreat. It has population of about 1,000 and administratively lies in the West Nusa Tenggara province. The island offers excellent snorkeling and SCUBA diving off its east coast, and turtles can be seen along the coral reef. 

There is a quickest way to get to Gili Air. fast Boat from Bali to Gili Air are offering a daily departure from Padang(Northeast Bali and Sanur(Southeast Bali). to get the ticket you can book in some tourist information or go to some online portal that provide the fast boat ticket to Gili Air. Gilibestdeal offers cheap fast boat to Gili Air. The fast boat operator provides a free hotel pick up and drop off in Bali.



Gili Islands

The Gili Islands (Indonesian:Tiga Gili [Three Gilis], Kepulauan Gili [Gili Islands]) are a group of three small islands (or archipelago) – Gili Trawangan, Gili Meno and Gili Air — very close to the northwest coast of Lombok, Indonesia.

The islands are a popular destination for Western tourists. Each island has several small resorts, usually consisting of a small collection of huts for tourists, and a restaurant. Most local inhabitants live in the hilly interior of the islands. Automobiles and motorized traffic are not allowed on the islands by local law. Bicycles or the horse-drawn carriages called a "cidomo" are common transportation on the islands. Scuba diving in and around the Gilis is also popular. The name "Gili" simply means "small island" in the local Sasak language.

Cidomo

A Cidomo is a small horse-drawn carriage used on Indonesia's Gili Islands used instead of motorized transport which is not allowed.

Grease (musical)

Grease is a 1971 musical by Jim Jacobs and Warren Casey. It takes its name from the 1950s United States working-class culture known as the greasers. It is set in 1959 in a made-up school called Rydell High in Chicago and is about the romance between high schoolers Danny Zuko and Sandy Dumbrowski.

"Grease" had its world premiere in Chicago in 1971. Its Broadway premiere occurred at the Broadhurst Theatre on 7 June 1972. It closed on 13 April 1980 after a run of 3,388 performances. It opened on the West End in 1973.

Ryan Giggs

Ryan Joseph Giggs (born 29 November 1973) is a Welsh former footballer and manager. 

Giggs was born in Canton, Cardiff, and grew up in Ely, Cardiff. He has Sierra Leonean and Dutch ancestry. 

As well as the Wales national team, he also played for the Great Britain squad at the 2012 Summer Olympics and Manchester United, where he has spent his whole career until now. His playing position was as a left winger. Giggs also loves rugby league and follows the Warrington Wolves and Melbourne Storm as his father Danny Wilson is a former rugby league player. 

Appearances and goals by national team and year
International goals

Manchester United

Individual

Records
State and civic honours

Ian Rush

Ian Rush (born 20 October 1961) is a former Welsh international football player, who notably played for Liverpool and Juventus.

He was a very successful striker, who set many goal-scoring records for Liverpool in particular.

When he retired from playing, he returned to his first club and managed Chester City before going on to work on television.

Liverpool

Individual

Ogoh-ogoh

An Ogoh-ogoh, a papier-mâché and wood puppet built on Bali for the New Year Holiday Nyepi. They are primarily constructed by young Balinese men and frequently depict caricatures of the many tourists. On the evening before Nyepi they are paraded about and then burnt. Nyepi is known as the day of silence.

Padangbai

Padangbai is a small town in eastern Bali, Indonesia. It serves as a ferry port for travel to Lombok, The Gilis and other of the Lesser Sunda Islands. It is also a lovely beach town that is popular with those who prefer a small town atmosphere over the large scale beach party that is Kuta.

Besides the beach near the ferry terminal there is a beach just to the north known locally as the "Blue Lagoon" and the especially nice "Secret Beach" just to the south of town. These pleasant beaches have clusters of small family owned warungs that will be glad to prepare a meal and serve beer.

Tokugawa shogunate

The Tokugawa shogunate, also known as the , and the , was a feudal Japanese military government. The heads of government were the shoguns. Each was a member of the Tokugawa clan.

These years are known as the Edo period. The period takes its name from the city where the Tokugawa shoguns lived. This time is also called the Tokugawa period or pre-modern ("Kinsei").

In 1603, Tokugawa Ieyasu took office as Shogun, and established a military government in Edo, now Tokyo.




Liberal Democrats (UK)

The Liberal Democrats, often shortened to Lib Dems, is a centrist political party in the United Kingdom that promotes liberal policies. It was started on 2 March 1988 by joining the Liberal Party, which had been a powerful political party in Britain in the 19th and early 20th centuries, and the Social Democratic Party, which had been formed from the Labour Party in 1981. The two parties had already been working together for seven years.

The Liberal Democrats are strong supporters of the European Union, as well as environmentalism and they are in favour of creating a new British House of Commons which is elected using proportional representation. They also disagree with Britain being a part of conflicts like the Iraq War.

The party has 15 out of 650 seats in the House of Commons, 84 out of 783 seats in the House of Lords, 16 out of 73 British seats in the European Parliament, 5 out of 129 seats in the Scottish Parliament and 1 out of 60 seats in the Welsh Assembly. The party was in a coalition government with the Conservative Party and the former party leader Nick Clegg was the Deputy Prime Minister until the May 2015 general election.

In elections, the party usually gets the most votes in places like northern Scotland, south-west London, south-west England and mid-Wales. Members of the party are mostly more middle-class people that went to university.

Most Liberal Democrats believe in the following things:


Asterisk (*) means that this person was an interim leader, meaning he was just standing in as leader because the previous leader resigned.


Houten

Houten is a municipality in Utrecht province in the Netherlands. The population of the town in 2007 was about 45,000.

Houten lies on the railway line from Utrecht to Tiel and 's Hertogenbosch. In 2004, the railway line needed fixing, but the old station building was in the way. What was done is pretty unique: the old station building was lifted off its foundations, and moved a few hundred metres to new foundations.

Many people living in Houten have jobs in Utrecht. According to plans of the government, the city should grow to about 50.000 people by 2010.

People have lived in the area since Roman times.


Northampton

Northampton () is a big market town and a local government district of the East Midlands part of the United Kingdom. The district has a population of 200,100 people.

Northampton has a major entertainment centre called the Derngate.









West Slavs

West Slavs are part of the Slavic peoples. Czechs, Kashubians, Poles, Slovaks, and Sorbs are West Slavs. The most of them are in three countries: in Poland, the Czech Republic and Slovakia. West Slavs' national languages are languages from West Slavic languages group.

WWE Judgment Day

Judgment Day is a yearly professional wrestling pay-per-view event made World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE).

Judgment Day (2000) took place on May 21 2000 at Freedom Hall in Louisville, Kentucky. 

Judgment Day (2001) took place on May 20 2001 at the Arco Arena in Sacramento, California. 

Judgment Day (2002) took place on May 19 2002 at the Gaylord Entertainment Center in Nashville, Tennessee. The tagline for the event was ""Judge, Jury and Executioner"". The official theme song was ""Broken"" by 12 Stones. This was the first pay-per-view to use the WWE name after the change from WWF.

Judgment Day (2003) took place on May 18 2003 at the Charlotte Coliseum in Charlotte, North Carolina. It was the last joint pay-per-view before WWE started having brand exclusive PPVs. 

Judgment Day (2004) took place on May 16 2004 at the Staples Center in Los Angeles, California. The tagline for the event was ""Souls Will Cry"." 


Tokugawa Ieyasu

At birth, his name was Matsudaira Takechiyo. 

In 1562, he changed his name to Matsudaira Motoyasu. The second syllable -- "-yasu" -- comes from the name of his grandfather Kiyoyasu. A few months later, he changed his first name to the one by which he is known today. The first syllable -- " Ie-" -- comes from the last part of the name of Minamoto Yoshile, who was a famous ancestor. He received permission from the emperor to change his family name from Matsudaira to Tokugawa.

Ieyasu was the first shogun of the Tokugawa shogunate.


Billy Graham Center

The Billy Graham Center was founded and opened in 1981 on the campus of Wheaton College. Named after Billy Graham, the center is the main place for many of Wheaton College's bible and theology classes. There are eleven areas of work focused on "Stimulating Global Evangelism" with 25-40 staff, carrying out the work.


Revival meeting

A Revival meeting is an event organised by Christian missionaries. The purpose of the meeting is to inspire people to convert to Christianity or to raise funds for the church. The name means to bring "revival" (meaning to "reawaken") to a group or area. It is most common in American Protestant churches.

Revival

Revival could mean:





Death Note

The best detective in the world, an eccentric genius named "L", works with the Japanese police, as well as Light's own father, to find out Kira's identity and catch him. He suspects all along that it's Light, who, as a part of the police department, works alongside L in the investigation. It becomes a contest of wit and intelligence between L and Light, both of whom are very clever. At one point, Light temporarily gives up the Death Note, along his memories of it, as an ally continue writing the names of criminals. This "proves" to the police that he is not Kira. However, he later gets the Death Note back and kills L with it.

After L dies, his successors, two orphans named "Mello" and "Near", take over the Kira investigation. Near is a child prodigy who clearly mirrors L, and Mello is an impulsive, antisocial teen obsessed with one-upping Near. Mello refuses to work with Near and leaves the orphanage, joining the American Mafia; Near forms a task force to catch Kira. In the end, Near proves that Light is Kira, leading to Light's death.

Besides the manga and anime, Death Note was also made into a light novel, various video games, two animated films, a live-action television drama, a musical, and several live-action films.

Bob Jones, Sr.

Bob Jones, Sr (October 30, 1883—January 16, 1968) was an American, Christian, Fundamentalist, evangelist, broadcaster, and founder of Bob Jones University. He was born the eleventh of twelve children to "William" and "Georgia Jones".

In 1905, Jones married Bernice Sheffield, who got tuberculosis and died within ten months of their marriage. On June 17, 1908, he married Mary Gaston Stollenwerck, whom he had met as a choir member. Their only child, Bob Jones, Jr. was born October 19, 1911 in Montgomery.


Auditorium

An auditorium (plural auditoriums, or less commonly auditoria) is the room in a theatre, cinema, concert hall, or other place where the audience is located to hear or watch the show. Auditoriums are made with great sound. The sound is easily heard by everyone in the auditorium.

Pulpit

A pulpit (from Latin "pulpitum" "scaffold", "platform", "stage") is a small lifted platform where a member of the clergy stands to read a Gospel lesson, or give a sermon. In some Protestant churches, the "pulpit" is thought to be the most important piece of furniture in the sanctuary.

Level crossing

A level crossing (also called a grade crossing, a railway crossing, or a railroad crossing) is a place where a railway line and a road meet each other on the same level. This means that the grades (the road and the track) are not separated by using a bridge or a tunnel. Usually, there are signs indicating the crossing. There may also be barriers/gates that go down before a train passes. 

Depending on how much traffic there is, there are different measures to make the crossing more secure:

Since level crossings are dangerous (there are many accidents), they are usually grade separated once there is more traffic, or high speed trains.


Macaulay Culkin

Macaulay Macaulay Culkin Culkin (born Macaulay Carson Culkin; ) is an American actor, voice actor and musician. He is perhaps most notable and best notable for his prominent kiddie roles in the first two "Home Alone" as Kevin McCallister. These blockbuster movies still continue to be very popular with many American audiences to this day onwards much to a cult following. His parents are Patricia Brentrup and Christopher 'Kit' Culkin.

Culkin began acting ever since at the age of 4 when he then became famous and well known around the world in 1990 as a Hollywood child star when "Home Alone" was released. In the movie, Culkin played the main character, Kevin McCallister. He reprised the role of Kevin in the second film. He was then nominated for the Golden Globe Award for Best Actor on Motion Picture Musical or Comedy. Culkin mysteriously dropped out of acting at the age of 14, but later returned at the age of 23 for in a couple of movies as a recurring adult actor.

In 2012, Culkin had founded and started up an anti-folk band called The Pizza Underground. This musical band plays songs which are related to about pizza.

In 1998, Culkin married Rachel Miner. In 2000, Culkin and Miner divorced because Culkin had decided and wanted to go back acting again as a new recurring adult actor.
Culkin has then dated actress Mila Kunis from May 2002 to 2011. Culkin also dated Jordana Lane Price.

In 2017, Culkin began a relationship with singer and actress Brenda Song. They have a son together named Dakota Song Culkin, born in 2021.

At around the same time that "Home Alone" was released, Culkin also became very good friends with the late Hollywood singer and King of Pop Michael Jackson. He has also acted in Jackson's 1991 "Black or White" music video. In 2005, Culkin testified and had said at Jackson's trial for charges of child molestation that he had once slept in Jackson's bedroom but was never molested or touched in improper ways. Culkin also attended Jackson's burial and death memorial which was then held on October 6, 2012. He is also the godfather of Jackson's 2 older children with Debbie Rowe, Prince and Paris Jackson.

Tencent QQ

Tencent QQ, also known as QQ, is a popular instant messaging software in mainland China. It was created by Tencent Inc. in 1999. 

source codes were taken in 1999. from AOL/ICQ. AOL was Founded by Steve Case. is an American entrepreneur, investor, and businessman best known as the former chief executive officer and chairman of America Online (AOL). Case joined AOL's predecessor company, Quantum Computer Services, as a marketing vice-president and became CEO of the company (renamed AOL) in 1991.

QQ source Code:

much of it was using earlier codes from ICQ at the Time.

codice_1

codice_2

codice_3

Tencent QQ is a multilingual web page, offers languages such as: English, French, Japanese, Spanish, German & Korean.
For users who do not speak Chinese, translations are also available in 50 different languages.





Princess Jasmine

Princess Jasmine is a fictional character of in the movie "Aladdin".

Jasmine was born in Agrabah, in the royal Place. She lived surrounded by all kinds of luxuries,comforts and she had as her only friend the tiger;Rajah. She lost her mother early in life (when not mentioned) and, hence, was educated by her father, the Sultan. She was happy until the day that the Sultan tried to force her to marry before her 16th birthday. 

Unhappy about being forced to marry, Jasmine fled the palace. In the streets, she finds out that Aladdin is arrested for stealing. Later, Jafar takes the control of the city of Agrabah, reducing Jasmine to the position of a slave. Aladdin arrives and defeats Jafar. Jasmine realizes that she loves Aladdin and the two decide to marry. She has since married and has become queen.

Fürstenfeldbruck (district)

Fürstenfeldbruck is a rural district in Upper Bavaria in south Bavaria, Germany.


José Zorrilla y Moral

José Zorrilla y Moral (February 21, 1817 - January 23, 1893), was a Spanish Romantic poet and dramatist.

Ottobrunn

Ottobrunn is a municipality in the Munich Rural District. It was started in 1955. The German headquarters of the EADS are there.

Ja'far

Ja'far may mean:

In fictional characters

In historical persons

In people


Aying

Aying is a municipality in the Munich Rural District in Bavaria, Germany. The Ayinger Brewery is there.

Höhenkirchen-Siegertsbrunn

Höhenkirchen-Siegertsbrunn (Central Bavarian: "Hähakircha-Siegertsbrunn") is a municipality in the Munich Rural District in Upper Bavaria, Germany. It is south of Munich. It is the municipality with the longest name in Germany.

Habitation at Port-Royal

The Habitation at Port-Royal was an early French colonial settlement. Today it is a National Historic Site in Port Royal in the Canadian province of Nova Scotia.

Port Royal was founded by the French explorer Champlain after half of his men had died of Scurvy in his first settlement. Champlain worked with the Algonquain tribe to found Port Royal and, in return, fought with them and the Hurons against the Iroquoians. 

In May, 1613 the Jesuits moved on to the Penobscot River valley and in July, the settlement was attacked by Samuel Argall of Virginia. Argall returned in November that same year and burned the Habitation down while the settlers were away nearby. Poutrincourt returned from France in spring 1614 and found "Port-Royal" in ruins. The settlers were living with the Mi'kmaq. Poutrincourt then gave his holdings to his son and returned to France. Poutrincourt's son gave the settlement to Charles de Saint-Étienne de la Tour upon his own death in 1623.

A replica of the settlement was built in 1939-1940. Today, this replica serves as the cornerstone of Port-Royal National Historic Site of Canada, and together with the nearby Fort Anne National Historic Site of Canada in Annapolis Royal, continues to remind of this important historic region for Canadians and visitors.


Mi'kmaq

The Mi'kmaq (; (also spelled Míkmaq, Mi'gmaq, Mi'qmac, or formerly Micmac) are a First Nations or Native American in the United States people, indigenous to northeastern New England, Canada's Atlantic Provinces, and the Gaspé Peninsula of Quebec. They are part of the Northeastern Woodlands. The word Míkmaw is an adjectival form of the plural noun for the people, "Míkmaq".

The nation has a population of about 40,000 of whom approximately one-third still speak the Algonquian language L'nuí'simk which was once written in Míkmaq hieroglyphic writing and is now written using most letters of the standard Latin alphabet.

In the Canadian provinces of Nova Scotia and Newfoundland and Labrador, October is celebrated as Mi'kmaq History Month and the entire Nation celebrates Treaty Day annually on October 1.

Mi'kmaq names in the table have all been spelled according to a several orthographies. The Mi'kmaq orthographies in use are Mí'kmaq hieroglyphs, the orthography of Silas Tertius Rand, the Pacifique orthography, and the most recent Smith-Francis orthography, which has been adopted by most of the Mi'kmaq First Nation.




Wang Xiaobo

Wang Xiaobo (; pinyin: Wáng Xiǎobō; May 13, 1952 – April 11, 1997) was a famous writer in mainland China. His most famous book is called "Golden Time". It was published in 1994.

Wang was born in Beijing, China. In 1972, he became a teacher in the Shandong province. In 1978, he started studying at the Renmin University of China.


Chengdu

Chengdu (also called The Hibiscus City), is the fifth largest city in the People's Republic of China. It is the capital of Sichuan province and is on top of the Chengdu Plain. The city is home to the Chengdu Research Base of Giant Panda Breeding. The city has a famous food culture, so much so that UNESCO awarded the city as a City of Gastronomy. Chengdu is known for hot pot and teahouses and for adding chili peppers in much of their food.

Hohenbrunn

Hohenbrunn (Central Bavarian: "Hohabrunn") is a municipality in the Munich Rural District in Upper Bavaria, Germany.

Albert Schweitzer

Ludwig Philipp Albert Schweitzer, MD, OM, (14 January 1875 – 4 September 1965) was a French-German theologian, musician, philosopher and physician. He was born in Kaysersberg (Alsace), at the time a part of the German Empire.

He wrote books about music and religion. He started a famous hospital in Lambarene, Africa. He received the 1952 Nobel Peace Prize.

Albert Schweitzer was born in Kaysersberg (Alsace), on 14 January 1875. He lived in the village of Gunsbach, where his father was a local pastor. His father taught him how to play music. In 1893, Schweitzer passed his Baccalaureat.

After this, Schweitzer went to Paris to learn philosophy and music, before returning to his birthplace to study theology. He spent nine years studying medicine and surgery. He would dedicate his life to helping people and curing diseases.

Schweitzer was a famous organist and was extremely interested in the music of Johann Sebastian Bach. He developed a simple style of performance, which he thought to be closer to what Bach had meant. In 1908, he completed the final version of his book "Johann Sebastian Bach". In the book, he argued for the new style, which has had great influence on the way Bach’s music is now treated. 

When Schweitzer was in Lambarene, his main recreation was to play Bach’s music. He also gave musical performances to raise money for medical supplies in Gabon.

Recordings of Schweitzer playing the music of Bach are available on CD. Between 1934 and 1935, he had a trial recording for HMV on the organ of the old Queen's Hall in London. In mid-December 1935, he began to record for Columbia Records on the organ of All-Hallows-by-the-Tower, Barking, London.

Schweitzer became well known for his books on Jesus and Christianity. He was not so much interested in the historical study of Jesus, as in the Christian idea of the end of the world, which can be found in the Bible and the teachings of Jesus. Schweitzer also served as a minister for Saint Nicholas Church in Strassburg.

In the philosophy of Albert Schweitzer, the most important idea is the respect for life. In his book "The Philosophy of Civilization", he wrote that "true philosophy" begins with the idea that: 
Albert Schweitzer’s ethical principles meant that he tried to have a personal and spiritual relationship with the universe. It also meant that he was vegetarian.

Albert Schweitzer spent most of his life in Lambaréné, Africa. In 1904, he was inspired to help sick people in the world, so he studied medicine. After his medical studies in 1913, he went to Lambaréné with his wife to establish a hospital that would serve thousands of Africans.

During World War I, the French made Schweitzer and his wife, both Germans, leave Africa. In 1924, he returned to Lambaréné and managed to rebuild the destroyed hospital, where he served as a physician .

From 1939-1948, he stayed in Lambarene since he could not go to Europe during the war. Three years later he resumed his medical practices. But he was no longer just a medical doctor and whenever possible he went to Europe to lecture at universities. Slowly his ideas become known, not only in Europe but worldwide. 

In 1952 Dr Albert Schweitzer was awarded The Nobel Prize for peace. He gave a famous speech ""The Problem of Peace"". He died on 4 September 1965 at his hospital in Lambarene.

Coweta, Oklahoma

Coweta is a city in Wagoner County, Oklahoma and is a suburb of Tulsa. The population was 9,654 at the 2020 census.

Before statehood, when the Five Tribes or Five Civilized Tribes were moved to Oklahoma from the Eastern United States, the area that is now Coweta became part of the Creek Nation. Coweta was named after a Creek Indian war town on the Chattahoochee River in southwestern Georgia and was first settled by American Indians about 1840. In 1843 Robert Loughridge arrived in the area and established a mission, named "Koweta".
In 1867 after the Civil War, the Creek Indians adopted a constitution which divided there nation into six districts. Everything northeast of the Arkansas River, including Tulsa, became the Coweta district. The political center of this district was in a log courthouse on Coweta Creek, about a one-fourth of a mile west from the modern day center of the downtown Coweta. The Post Office was established on May 24, 1897, and was named after the Koweta Mission.

Many notable events occurred in 1903. Along with the arrival of the Missouri-Kansas-Texas Railroad, Coweta’s first newspaper, "The Courier", was started, the first school was built, and a telephone line was put in.

Coweta is at (35.963155, -95.661586).

According to the United States Census Bureau, the city has a total area of 10.7 square miles (27.6 km²), of which, 10.5 square miles (27.3 km²) of it is land and 0.1 square miles (0.3 km²) of it (1.1%) is water.

Coweta is home to two sites on the National Register of Historic Places list. The first is the Koweta Mission Site. The mission was added to the NRHP in 1973, today only a cemetery remains. The second historical site in Coweta is the First Presbyterian Church of Coweta, commonly known as the Mission Bell Museum. The Mission Bell Museum was added to the NRHP in 2003 and is owned and operated by the city of Coweta.


Tularemia

Tularemia (also called "Goblin Fever", "deer-fly fever", "Ohara fever" and "Francis disease") is a disease. Usually rodents get it. It is caused by a bacterium, "Francisella tularensis". There have been cases where the disease spread to humans. The disease can be treated with antibiotics.

Cases of tularemia should be reported to the local health authority. The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention think "F. tularensis" could possibly be a bioweapons agent. For this reason, it has been included in the biological warfare programs of the USA, USSR and Japan at various times. A former Soviet biological weapons scientist, Kenneth Alibek, has said that an outbreak of Tularemia among German soldiers shortly before the siege of Stalingrad was due to intentional release of F. tularensis by Soviet forces, but this claim is rejected by others who have studied the outbreak. In the USA, practical research into using Tularemia as a bioweapon took place at Camp Detrick in the 1950s. It was viewed as an attractive agent because:

By the late 1950s the US biological warfare program was focused mostly on tularemia as a biological agent. The Schu S4 strain was standardized as Agent UL for use in the M143 bursting spherical bomblet. It was a lethal biological with an anticipated fatality rate of 40 to 60 percent. The rate-of-action was around three days, with a duration-of-action of one to three weeks (treated) and two to three months (untreated) with frequent relapses. UL was streptomycin resistant. The aerobiological stability of UL was a major concern, being sensitive to sun light, and losing virulence over time after release.

The United States later changed the military symbol for UL to TT (wet-type) and ZZ (dry-type) in an effort to retain security on the identity of military biologicals. When the 425 strain was standardized as agent JT (an incapacitant rather than lethal agent), the Schu S4 strain's symbol was changed again to SR.

No vaccine is available to the general public. The best way to prevent tularemia infection is to wear rubber gloves when handling or skinning rodents or lagomorphs (as rabbits), avoid ingesting uncooked wild game and untreated water sources, and wearing long-sleeved clothes and using an insect repellent to prevent tick bites.

In summer 2000, an outbreak of tularemia in Martha's Vineyard resulted in one dead person. It brought the interest of the CDC as a potential investigative ground for aerosolized "Francisella tularensis". Over the following summers, Martha's Vineyard was identified as the only place in the world where documented cases of tularemia resulted from lawn mowing. The research may prove valuable in preventing bioterrorism.

An outbreak of tularemia occurred in Kosovo in 1999-2000.

In 2004, three researchers at Boston University Medical Center were accidentally infected with "F. tularensis", after apparently failing to follow safety procedures.

In 2005, small amounts of "F. tularensis" were detected in the Mall area of Washington, DC the morning after an anti-war demonstration on September 24, 2005. Biohazard sensors were triggered at six locations surrounding the Mall. To this date, no cases of tularemia infection have been reported as a result.

In 2007, a lab of Boston University's Center for Advanced Biomedical Research, where "F. tularensis" were being kept for research, was evacuated after smoke set off alarms. An investigation has later determined that an electrical problem was the culprit, and no bacterial contamination was found.

In July 2007, an outbreak was reported in the Spanish autonomous region of Castile and León and traced to the plague of voles infesting the region.

Neubiberg

Neubiberg (Central Bavarian: "Neibiberg") is a municipality in the Munich Rural District in Upper Bavaria, Germany. The university of the Bundeswehr is there.

Brunnthal

Brunnthal (Central Bavarian: "Brunntoi") is a municipality in the Munich Rural District in Upper Bavaria, Germany.

Putzbrunn

Putzbrunn (Central Bavarian: "Butzbrunn") is a municipality in the Munich Rural District in Upper Bavaria, Germany.

Unterföhring

Unterföhring (Central Bavarian: "Untafering") is a municipality in the Munich Rural District in Upper Bavaria, Germany. Many media companies are in Unterföhring, for example ProSiebenSat.1 Media AG and Sky Deutschland.

Fur trade

The fur trade is a worldwide industry dealing in the gain and sale of animal bodies, or parties. It is still a on going tradition. The North American fur trade flourished for 250 years. This long time can be roughly divided into three sections:

Before the colonization of the Americas, Russia was a major fur supplier of Western Europe and parts of Asia. 
The North American fur trade was a central part of the early history of contact in The New World (North America) between European-Americans and Native Americans in the United States and First Nations in Canada.

The North American fur trade flourished for 250 years. This long time can be roughly divided into three sections: 

One of the earliest companies in the fur trade business was the Hudson's Bay Company, which was created by an English royal charter in 1670. The company still exists today, but now works in the retail business and operates a number of department stores in Canada, the United States and all around the world.

Before the colonization of the Americas, Russia was a major fur supplier of Western Europe and parts of Asia. 
The North American fur trade was a central part of the early history of contact in The New World (North America) between European-Americans and Native Americans in the United States and First Nations in Canada. 

The North American fur trade flourished for 250 years. This long time can be roughly divided into three sections: 

One of the earliest companies in the fur trade business was the Hudson's Bay Company, which was created by an English royal charter in 1670. The company still exists today, but now works in the retail business and operates a number of department stores in Canada, the United States and all around the world.



Argyle, Wisconsin

Argyle is a village in Lafayette County, Wisconsin, United States. There were 823 people living in Argyle as of the year 2000. The village can be found inside the Town of Argyle. The United States Census Bureau says that the village has an area of 0.6 square miles (1.6 km²).


Miyuki Komatsu

She has acted in:

Aschheim

Aschheim (Central Bavarian: "Oscham", "Aschhoam") is a municipality in the district of the Munich Rural District.

NetSolve

NetSolve is an information technology company in the United States. Cisco Systems took it over on September 9, 2004.

Third-person shooter

Third-person shooter is a genre of video games in which the players character is seen from a distance. A first-person shooter is where the player plays as if they "are" the character. In a third person shooter the player "controls" the character. Some examples of a third-person shooter are the Grand Theft Auto series and Mafia. 
For PSP can also have Socom Fireteam Bravo Also with the Syphon Filter series with first person scope aim.

Klaus Ebner

Klaus Ebner (born August 8, 1964) is an Austrian writer of short stories, essays and poetry, and a translator. Born and raised in Vienna, he began writing at an early age. He started sending in stories to magazines in the 1980s, and also published articles and books about computer software after 1989. Ebner's poetry is written in German and Catalan. He is a member of several Austrian writers associations, including the Grazer Autorenversammlung.

His works include cultural essays on Catalan topics, and stories about Jewish traditions. His first book of short stories was printed in 2007. In 2008, Ebner published the short novel "Hominide". He has gotten several literary prizes, among them the Viennese "Wiener Werkstattpreis" in 2007. Austrian critics, such as Wolfgang Ratz, have praised Ebner's prose-style. The writer lives in Vienna with his family.

In the 1980s, he studied Romance languages, German and Translation at the University of Vienna. He also worked for a literary group and a magazine for literature in Vienna. Afterwards he worked as a translator, language teacher and IT project manager. In the 1990s, he published articles and books about software and computer networks; these books were in German, but he also wrote articles in English. In 2001 he wrote a university paper about islamism in Europe, which has been published later in Germany.

After school, Klaus Ebner has begun to write short stories, poetry and radio dramas. He usually published them in magazines of literature and culture. After the year 2004, he published literary texts much more often. Today, Klaus Ebner is an author of fiction (novels, short stories), essays and poems. He writes poetry in German and Catalan. Supported by the Austrian government, he went to Andorra in 2007 and wrote an essay about the country in the Pyrenees.

In 2007, Ebner's poem "a paperman and sick" became one of the Mentioned Poems at the International Poetry Prize Nosside. The jury spoke about the "sadness in big cities", which would be represented in the poem by a "paperman" whose "meal consists of loneliness". The English translation of the poem goes as follows:

In 2008 Klaus Ebner got the Wiener Werkstattpreis of 2007. The winning short story "Der Flügel Last (The Burden of the Wings)" shows a seven year old girl who has cancer. The story is told as if the girl would tell it herself. In the winning essay "Was blieb vom Weißen Ritter? (What do we still have of the White Knight?)", the reader learns about the novel from the Middle Ages "Tirant lo Blanch" by Joanot Martorell from Valencia. The author mixed his own reading experience with information from history and literature.

Klaus Ebner is a member of the Austrian Writers' Associations "Grazer Autorenversammlung (GAV)" and "Österreichischer Schriftstellerverband (ÖSV)".

Ebner's short stories have many different topics, which, as critic Julia Rafael says, include actual and socially relevant problems. She describes the stories included in the anthology "Lose" as "somewhat imploding" and says that "phantasms, irony and humor have their place, too". Ebner's metaphors have been described as "going beyond reality without losing ground". The journalist Paul C. Jezek said, Ebner's writing style is characterized by very carefully chosen wording. Each sentence has a melody; his short prose especially sounds lyrical. Jezek compares Ebner's sentences to "Japanese paintings – every word has been chosen with special care". Austrian writer and critic Wolfgang Ratz made a similar observation, underlining "the accurateness of Ebner's speech" and "his love for formal details", while pinpointing the sarcastic undertone of the critical stories.





Wagoner County, Oklahoma

Wagoner County is a county in the U.S. state of Oklahoma. As of 2020, 80,981 people lived there. Its county seat is Wagoner.


The following sites in Wagoner County are listed on the National Register of Historic Places:

Tulsa County, Oklahoma

Tulsa County is a county in the U.S. state of Oklahoma. As of 2020, 669,279 people lived there. The county seat is Tulsa. It has the second most people of any county in Oklahoma, after Oklahoma County.

The county has a total area of 587 square miles.



The following sites in Tulsa County are listed on the National Register of Historic Places:


National Register of Historic Places

The National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) is the United States government's official list of districts, sites, buildings, structures, and objects (all called "properties") worthy of preservation. The list is kept by the National Park Service. The National Historic Preservation Act of 1966 (NHPA) created the National Register and the method for adding properties to it. There are more than one million properties on the National Register, 80,000 are listed by themselves. The rest of the properties are smaller "contributing properties" that are part of historic districts. Each year around 30,000 properties are added to the National Register as part of districts or through individual listings. A few are National Historic Landmarks.


Wagoner, Oklahoma

Wagoner is a city in Wagoner County, Oklahoma, United States. The population was 7,621 at the 2020 census. It is the county seat of Wagoner County.

Muskogee County, Oklahoma

Muskogee County is a county in the U.S. state of Oklahoma. As of 2020, 66,339 people lived there. Its county seat is Muskogee.

The county has a total area of 840 square miles.


The following sites in Muskogee County are listed on the National Register of Historic Places:

Polans

The Polans were a West Slavic tribe that lived in Greater Poland. Polans united other Polish tribes and created Poland. The first Catholic ruler of the Polans was Mieszko I. Here is an extract of Helmold's Chronica Slavorum:

""Slavorum igitur populi multi sunt habitantes in litore Balthici maris. Sinus huius maris ab occidentali occeano orientem versus porrigitur. Appellatur ideo Balthicus (...) idemque mare barbarum seu pelagus Schiticum vocatur a gentibus, quas alluit, barbaris. Hoc mare multae circumsedent naciones. Dani siquidem ac Sueones, quos Northmannos vocamus, septentrionale litus et omnes in eo continent insulas. At litus australe Slavorum incolunt nationes, quorum ab oriente primi sunt Ruci, deinde Polani, habentes a septentrione Pruzos, ab austro Boemos et eos qui dicuntur Marahi sive Karinthi atque Sorabi.""

in English, it means:

""There are a lot of Slavic tribes, that live on the coast of the Baltic Sea. The bay of this sea is directed from the west ocean to east. It's called Baltic (...) This sea is also called barbarian or Scythian from the barbarian tribes, that is failing. There are a lot of tribes that live around this sea; namely Danes and Swedes, which we call Normans, they live on the northern coast and all of the isles. Southern coast inhabit Glavic tribes, the first of them are Rus'; there are also Polans, that border in the north with Prussians, on the south with Czechs, and these, that are calling themselves Moravians or Carynthians and Sorbians.""

Cherokee County, Oklahoma

Cherokee County is a county in the U.S. state of Oklahoma. As of 2020, the population was 47,078. Its capital city is Tahlequah.

The county has a total area of 776 square miles.


The following sites in Cherokee County are listed on the National Register of Historic Places:

Mao, Dominican Republic

The Dominican city of Santa Cruz de Mao, or simply Mao. It is the head municipality of the Valverde province, on the northwest of the country. It is the largest city of the Dominican northwest and the centre of the region.

Its name is a Taíno word. It comes from the Mao River, near the city. Its nickname is "Ciudad de los Bellos Atardeceres" ("City of the Beautiful Sunsets") because there are not many mountains to the west of the city. Instead, it is common to see a "red" sky during sunsets. It is a very dry region and there are much dust in the air which gives the red color to the sky.

There were a total of 51,647 people living in the area in in . Out of this, 25,663 are men while there were 25,984 women. The urban population was of the total population.

For most of its history, the region was called "El Despoblado". It means a region without any population. Since it is a very dry region, agriculture was not possible.

When the governor of the Spanish colony gave the order in 1606 that everybody living on the northern coast had to move inland, some people came to live around the present Mao. They had cows that were raised in "hatos"; "hato", which means a large farm for raising cattle (a ranch). So "hato" is the name of many places around Mao: Hatico, Hato del Yaque, Hato Nuevo, Hato Viejo, Hato del Medio.

The town of Mao was built close to where the Mao river flows into the Yaque del Norte river. The first Catholic church was build in 1869.

Mao was made a "Puesto Cantonal" (an old category similar to the present Municipal District under a military government). In 1882, Mao was elevated to the category of municipality and in 1904 its official name was changed to "Valverde" after José Desiderio Valverde, past President of the Dominican Republic. Because the name Mao was known by everybody and Valverde was a new name, people called the city as "Valverde (Mao)", and it is still common to say so.

When the province was created in 1959, Mao was made its head municipality and provincial capital.

Mao has a total area of . It is about of the total area of the province of Valverde. The city has an elevation of , and at to the northwest of Santo Domingo.

The municipality of Mao has the Santiago Rodríguez province to the west, the Santiago province to the south and east, the municipality of Laguna Salada to the northwest and the municipality of Esperanza to the northeast.

Mao has a tropical wet and dry/savanna climate (Köppen-Geiger classification: Aw) with a noticeable dry season in winter.

The average amount of rainfall for the year in the city is . The month with the most precipitation on average is May with of rainfall, followed by October with .

The driest season is winter. The month with the least rainfall on average is January with an average of and the second is July with .

Mao is in a hot region. The average temperature for the year is .

The municipality of Mao has three municipal districts:

The main economic activity of the province is agriculture; the main products in the municipality are rice, bananas and plantain.

Mayes County, Oklahoma

Mayes County is a county in the U.S. state of Oklahoma. As of 2020, 39,046 people lived there. Its county seat is Pryor, also known as Pryor Creek.


The following sites in Mayes County are listed on the National Register of Historic Places:

Rogers County, Oklahoma

Rogers County is a county in the U.S. state of Oklahoma. As of 2020, 95,240 people lived there. Its county seat is Claremore.

The county has a total area of 711 square miles.


The followings sites in Rogers County are listed on the National Register of Historic Places:

Koweta Mission Site

Koweta Mission Site is a National Register of Historic Places site added in 1973.

The Koweta Mission was founded in 1843 when white missionaries arrived in Coweta, Oklahoma to teach Native American children. Reverend Robert Loughridge and his wife, Olivia, bought an empty cabin for ten dollars and began teaching. He named the mission "Koweta".

Sean Hannity

Sean Hannity (born December 30, 1961) is an American radio talk show host and best-selling author. He first was noticed as the co-host for the Fox News program Hannity & Colmes, a political television program co-hosted by Alan Colmes. He is the second highest rated talk-radio show in the United States, for his work with his show called The Sean Hannity Show. He is also the host of Hannity's America, on the TV station Fox News Channel.


Brett Favre

Brett Lorenzo Favre (born October 10, 1969, in Gulfport, Mississippi, United States) is a former American football quarterback in the National Football League. He played college football for the Southern Miss Golden Eagles. Favre was known for his controversy as well, especially his retirement saga and sexual abuse scandal with New York and failure to cooperate in the investigation, for which he was fined $50 thousand. Favre is also well known for his love of the outdoors and his "iron man" reputation earned for his toughness, which helped him in cold Wisconsin and Minnesota. He was a color anylst for one 2011 college game.

Brett weighed 9 pounds 15 ounces when he was born on Oct. 10, 1969. He had several brothers with whom he played baseball and football.

Favre started at the quarterback position for The University of Southern Mississippi for four solid years.

Favre was chosen in the second round of the 1991 NFL Draft by the Atlanta Falcons. He threw two interceptions.

On February 10, 1992, after a season with the Falcons, he was traded to the Green Bay Packers on for the 19th pick in the 1992 NFL Draft. He became the Packers' starting quarterback in 1992, then started every game after the 1992 season until the end of the 2007 season with the Packers. He was the MVP of Super Bowl XXXI, which was especially notable because Favre was previously addicted to pain killers that he took. On November 4, 2007, Favre became the third to beat the other 31 teams after beating the Kansas City Chiefs at Arrowhead Stadium. The 2008 NFC Championship game against the New York Giants would be Brett Favre's last game as a Packer in which the Pack lost in overtime when Favre threw an interception. The interception is Favre's last pass as a Packer. Despite many interceptions, Favre had a great career with Green Bay. In 2008 he said that he would retire, but later changed his mind before the 2008 season start. The Packers stuck with the decision to start a younger player, Aaron Rodgers, as their quarterback.

Favre was dealt to the New York Jets. He and the Jets started off the season well, but Favre got hurt down the stretch. That injury was not reported by the Jets, who had to pay a $125,000 fine. Favre ended the season with 22 touchdown passes and 22 interceptions.

He retired again after the season, but came out of retirement another time to play for the Minnesota Vikings for the 2009 season. Favre actually had the best statistical season of his career in 2009, throwing for 34 touchdowns next to seven interceptions for Minnesota. However, his season ended with an interception by Tracy Porter in a loss to the New Orleans Saints in the NFC Championship. After this, he decided to play for the Vikings in 2010 as well, but threw only 11 touchdowns next to 19 interceptions as he and the franchise struggled. Favre was often injured, and retired for good after the season ended.

Favre started 297 games in a row at quarterback from 1992 to 2010. He became the first quarterback to lead his team to victory over all of the NFL's 32 teams after defeating the Chiefs on November 4, 2007. Seven years later, Peyton Manning would accomplish this feet after defeating the Indianapolis Colts (his former team), in their opener. In 2007 against the Vikings, he also threw his 421st career touchdown pass, setting another record.

Despite contoversy, Favre also has an interesting personal life. He is an endorser (does commercials/advertisements) for Wrangler Jeans and is famous for his love of the outdoors. Favre is married and even has a grandson. He is active with charity, as he started the Favre Fourward Foundation.

In 2012, Favre started a Twitter account, which Favre later claimed (said) was hacked.

Also in 2012, a New Orleans Saints play for pay program was exposed. Former New Orleans defensive coodinator Gregg Williams had paid players to deliver especially hard and/or illegal hits on an opposing player. Such activity is against NFL rules. Favre had taken some especially hard hits with the Vikings against the Saints, especially in the NFC Championship loss in 2009. Favre said that he was not angry, but instead "happy that the truth came out."


Headline

A headline is text at the top of a article, telling the reader the nature of the article below. Newspapers almost always have "headlines" in their papers.

Transistor–transistor logic

Transistor–Transistor Logic (TTL) is a class of digital circuits built from transistors and resistors. It is called "transistor–transistor logic" because the logic function (e.g., AND) and amplification is performed by transistors. Many integrated circuits have TTL technology. They are used in applications such as computers, industrial controls, test equipment and instrumentation, synthesizers, etc.

TTL gates define a voltage below 0.5V as "0", and a voltage of 4–5V as "1".


Northwest Ordinance

The Northwest Ordinance of 1787 said that the land north of the Ohio River and east of the Mississippi River would eventually become part of the United States. It encouraged people to move out of the east to the west. The Ordinance established policies for governing the territory and included laws eventually adopted in the Constitution. Included in the Ordinance were laws protecting freedom of religion (Article I), rights of the accused (Article II), public education and Indian land rights (Article III), admission of new states (Article V), and prohibition of slavery in the territory (Article VI). The territory included the future states of Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, Wisconsin, Michigan, and part of Minnesota. This was a very important part in the American history.

Protactinium

Protactinium is a very radioactive chemical element with the symbol Pa and atomic number 91. The density of this element is 231.04

Protactinium is a silver metallic element that is in the actinide group, with a bright metallic shine that it keeps for some time in the air. It is superconductive at temperatures below 1.4 K.

Due to its scarcity, high radioactivity and toxicity, there are currently no uses for protactinium outside of basic research.

Protactinium-231 (which is made by the alpha decay of Uranium-235 followed by beta decay of Thorium-231) could possibly sustain a nuclear chain reaction and might be used to build a nuclear weapon. The critical mass, according to Walter Seifritz, is 750±180 kg. Other authors conclude that no chain reactions are possible in Protactinium-231.

Protactinium was first discovered in 1913, when Kasimir Fajans and O. H. Göhring encountered short-lived isotope 234m-Pa, with a half-life of about 1.17 minutes, while they were studying the decay chain of 238-U. They gave the new element the name "Brevium" (Latin "brevis", brief, short); the name was changed to "Protoactinium" in 1918 when two groups of scientists (Otto Hahn and Lise Meitner of Germany and Frederick Soddy and John Cranston of the UK) independently discovered 231-Pa. The name was shortened to "Protactinium" in 1949.

In 1961, the United Kingdom Atomic Energy Authority was able to produce 125 g of 99.9% pure protactinium, processing 60 tons of waste material in a 12-stage process and spending 500,000 USD. For many years to come, this was the world's only way to get the element. It is said that the metal was sold to laboratories for a cost of 2,800 USD / g in the following years.

Protactinium is both toxic and highly radioactive. It requires precautions similar to those used when handling plutonium.


Troy Aikman

Troy Kenneth Aikman (born November 21, 1966 in West Covina, California) is a former American football quarterback for the Dallas Cowboys of the National Football League, and is now a television sportscaster for the Fox television network. He is also a shared owner of the NASCAR Nextel Cup racing team, Hall of Fame Racing, along with fellow former Cowboys quarterback, Roger Staubach. He was chosen for the Pro Football Hall of Fame in 2006.

Johnny Unitas

John Constantine "Johnny" Unitas (May 7, 1933 – September 11, 2002, often called "Johnny U."), was a professional American football player in the 1950s through the 1970s. He was a record-setting quarterback and the National Football League's most valuable player in 1959, 1964 and 1967. His record of throwing a touchdown pass in 47 consecutive games (between 1956-1960) is unrivaled. Unitas is commonly considered the greatest quarterback of all-time. He spent his first and last seasons each with the Pittsburgh Steelers and San Diego Chargers. He is most famous for his time with the Baltimore Colts. He was part of what some considered "The Greatest Game ever Played," in 1959. Unitas handed a ball to Alan Ameche, who scored against the New York Giants. The Colts eventually moved from Baltimore to Indianapolis in 1984. Unitas supported the Baltimore Ravens and is part of their Ring of Honor (Inducted 2002).


Dick Butkus

Richard Marvin "Dick" Butkus (December 9, 1942 – October 5, 2023) was an American former football player. He was commonly considered as the greatest linebacker of his time. He was raised in Roseland, Chicago, Illinois.
In college, Butkus played for the University of Illinois. He played professional football in the National Football League for the Chicago Bears. He became a member of the Pro Football Hall of Fame in 1979.

Butkus died in his sleep at his home in Malibu, California, on October 5, 2023, at the age of 80. The cause of death was a stroke caused by atrial fibrillation, atherosclerosis, and hypercholesterolemia.

Mike Ditka

Michael Keller Ditka, Jr. (born October 18, 1939, in Carnegie, Pennsylvania), is a former NFL player, television commentator, and coach. Ditka coached the Chicago Bears for 11 years and New Orleans Saints for 3 years. Ditka and Tom Flores are the only two people to win Super Bowls as a player, an assistant coach and a head coach. Ditka was the only person to take part in the last two Chicago Bears' championships, as a player in 1963 and as head coach in 1985.

On November 23, 2018, Ditka was hospitalized in Naples, Florida after suffering a heart attack while playing golf.


The Sean Hannity Show

The Sean Hannity Show is an American radio show with conservative talk show host Sean Hannity. It is a political talk show, but many times will cover things other than the mainstream media. The "Hannity" program is the second highest rated program, behind only The Rush Limbaugh Show. On the show, "Sean" and the people who call in often say to each other "you're a great American!" 


John Elway

John Albert Elway, Jr. (born June 28, 1960 in Port Angeles, Washington) is a retired Hall of Fame American football quarterback. He played his college football at Stanford and his whole professional career for the Denver Broncos football team of the National Football League (NFL). He was the NFL Most Valuable Player (MVP) in 1987. Elway won Super Bowls with the Broncos in 1998 and 1999, and was the MVP of Super Bowl XXXIII in 1999, throwing for one touchdown and rushing for another as the Broncos beat the Atlanta Falcons, 34-19. That ended up being his final game (other than the 1999 Pro Bowl), as he retired after that season.

Detroit Lions

The Detroit Lions are an American football team in Detroit. The Lions play in the National Football League (NFL) as a member of the National Football Conference (NFC) North division. The team plays its home games at Ford Field.

The Lions won four between 1935 and 1957, all prior to the Super Bowl era. Since the 1957 championship, the franchise has won only a single playoff game during the 1991 season and holds the league's longest postseason win drought. They are the only franchise that has existed for the entire Super Bowl era to not appear in the Super Bowl.


Michael Irvin

Michael Jerome Irvin (born March 5, 1966) is a former American football player for the Dallas Cowboys. He is also a former broadcaster for ESPN's "NFL Countdown". He is commonly known as one of the most successful wide receivers in the history of the National Football League.


Howie Long

Howard Michael Moses Long (born January 6, 1960 in Somerville, Massachusetts) is a former American football player who played as a defensive end, and was chosen for the Hall of Fame in 2000. He won the Super Bowl XVIII with the Los Angeles Raiders on January 22, 1984. Long currently works as a studio analyst for the Fox Network's NFL coverage.

Hoang Hoa Tham

Hoàng Hoa Thám () or Đề Thám (); (born Trương Văn Thám () 1858 – February 10, 1913) was leader of the famous Yen The Uprising against the French during Western conquest of Vietnam.

Pro Football Hall of Fame

The Pro Football Hall of Fame is the hall of fame of the National Football League (NFL). It opened in Canton, Ohio, United States, on September 7 1963 with 17 original inductees. Through 2008, all but one of the Hall of Fame members have played some part of their professional career in the NFL (the only player who did not is Buffalo Bills guard Billy Shaw, who played his whole career in the American Football League (AFL) before the 1970 AFL-NFL merger). The Chicago Bears have the most Hall of Famers in the league at 26.

Cypress

Cypress is a name used for many trees and shrubs in the conifer family Cupressaceae (cypress family). 

The name comes from the genus "Cupressus" which survives today as a conifer tree. About 30 cypress species survive.

Many cypress trees have needle-like, evergreen foliage and acorn-like seed cones.

Their earlier relatives were very common in the forests of the Jurassic period.

Míkmaq language

The Mi'kmaq language (also spelled Míkmaq, Mi'gmaq, Mi'qmac, or priorly Micmac) is an Eastern Algonquian language spoken by nearly 9,000 Míkmaq in Canada, and another 1,200 in United States, out of a total ethnic Míkmaq population of roughly 40,000. The word "Míkmaq" is a plural word meaning 'my friends' (singular "Míkm"); the adjectival form is "Míkmaw". The language's native name is "Míkmawísimk" or "Míkmwei" (in some dialects).

Míkmaq is written with letters of the Roman alphabet. This writing system was created by missionaries in the 19th century. Before, the language was written in Míkmaq hieroglyphic writing, a script of partially-native origin.



Los Angeles Chargers

The Los Angeles Chargers are a professional American football team from the Los Angeles metropolitan area. They are currently part of the Western Division of the American Football Conference (AFC) in the National Football League (NFL). The team first played in 1960 as a charter member of the American Football League. The club spent its first season in Los Angeles before moving to San Diego in 1961, becoming the San Diego Chargers and spending 56 seasons in that city before moving back to the Los Angeles area from 2017 to 2019. The team played at Dignity Health Sports Park, a soccer stadium in suburban Carson that serves as home to the LA Galaxy of Major League Soccer. In 2020, the Chargers joined the Los Angeles Rams at that team's new SoFi Stadium in another Los Angeles suburb, Inglewood.

From 2007 to 2019, Phillip Rivers was their starting quarterback. The current quarterback is Justin Herbert. The original team logo was a charging horse. Over time, the logo evolved into a lightning bolt, a play on a different meaning of "charge". The team wears navy blue jerseys and white pants for most home games, white jerseys and navy pants for road games, and powder blue jerseys with white pants for designated home games. There is a gold bolt on the jersey that is outlined in both powder blue and navy.



Metal leaf

Metal leaf is a type of metallic foil used mostly for decoration. Gold leaf, a thin layering of gold foil, is the most common form of metal leaf, and the two words are often mixed up. Only very malleable metals can be made into leaf. Those metals are easily shaped, but at the same time very hard to break. Metal leaf is seen in various fields other than in decoration, sometimes used in art and gilding, its purposes in some cultures varies. Vark is a type of silver leaf used to decorate Indian cuisine.


Foo Fighters

The Foo Fighters is an American rock band started by musician and former Nirvana drummer Dave Grohl. Grohl made the band in 1994 after Nirvana's singer, Kurt Cobain, died. The band's name comes from a term used in World War II about strange sky objects (UFOs). Pat Smear, who was also in Nirvana, is a member of the band.

The band has achieved a world-wide following, and has won many awards for their music. They have released ten studio albums and twenty-eight singles. Foo Fighters has won fifteen Grammy Awards, and is in the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame. The current members of the band are Dave Grohl (singing and guitar), Pat Smear (guitar), Chris Shiflett (guitar), Nate Mendel (bass guitar), and Rami Jaffee (piano).Josh Freese Was announced for Hawkins replacement p
Alan Vaytsman performed many tribute to Taylor Hawkins. The song by John Lennon is dedicated to Taylor Hawkins


Ronnie O'Sullivan

Ronnie O'Sullivan (born 5 December 1975) is an English professional snooker player. He was born in Wordsley, West Midlands. He grew up in Chigwell, Essex and still lives there. He was World Champion in 2001, 2004, 2008, 2012, 2013, 2020 and 2022.

Ronnie O'Sullivan made his first century break at age 10.

He has won the UK Championship eight times. This was in 1993, 1997, 2001, 2007, 2014, 2017, 2018 and 2023. He has won the Masters seven times, in 1995, 2005, 2007, 2009, 2014, 2016 and 2017.


Rain (entertainer)

Jung Ji-Hoon (born June 25, 1982), better known by his stage name Rain, is a South Korean singer, recording artist, dancer, actor, model and designer.

In Rain's music career, he produced seven albums (six Korean, one Japanese), 19 singles and many concert tours around the world. His acting career began in 2003. This was when he won the KBS Best New Actor Award for his role in the drama "Sang Doo! Let's Go To School". In 2004, Rain won the KBS Excellence in Acting award for his role in the drama "Full House". After starring in "A Love To Kill", he acted in his first Korean film, "I'm a Cyborg, But That's OK" (2006), which won the Alfred Bauer Prize at the Berlin International Film Festival. Rain has acted in the American films "Speed Racer" (2008) and "Ninja Assassin" (2009). He was the first Korean to win an MTV award.

In 2007, Rain left the management of JYP Entertainment and started his own company, J. Tune Entertainment. However, he still keeps contact with Park Jin-young.

Rain spent most of his childhood living with his parents and younger sister near Yonsei University. Rain was a quiet and shy child. He discovered his passion for dance when he performed in a talent show for High School. Rain decided to follow his passion and attended High School of Arts.

Rain lost his mother when she died with diabetes in 2000. In the same year, Rain was picked up to train for JYP Entertainment, led by Park Jin-Young. However, in a CNN interview and also in a Discovery Channel documentary called Discovering Hip Korea, he said he was repeatedly rejected because of his looks. During the early years of training, Rain was a backup dancer.

Algonquian languages

The Algonquian or ;
(also Algonquin, Algonkian) languages are a subfamily of Native American languages that includes most of the languages in the Algic language family. The term "Algonquin" comes from the Maliseet word "elakómkwik" (), "they are our relatives/allies". Many Algonquian languages are extremely endangered today, while a number of others have already died out completely. There are about 30 languages. The three categories of the Algonquian languages are "Plains Algonquian Languages", "Central Algonquian Languages" and "Eastern Algonquian Languages".

Speakers of Algonquian languages stretch from the east coast of North America all the way to the Rocky Mountains. The language from which all of the languages of the family come was spoken at least 3,000 years ago.

The Algonquian languages are 'poly-synthetic', which means that you can make entire sentences in one word.

Algonquian languages by group include:


Extinct languages are marked with (†)




Ismaning

Ismaning is a municipality in the Munich Rural District in Upper Bavaria, Germany. As of December 31, 2008, it had a population of 15,181.

Grünwald, Bavaria

Grünwald (Central Bavarian: "Greawoid") is a municipality in the Munich Rural District in Upper Bavaria, Germany. The Bavaria Film Studios and a castle are in Grünwald. It is one of the wealthiest municipalities in Germany.

Kirchheim bei München

Kirchheim (Central Bavarian: "Kirchheim ba Minga") is a municipality in the Munich Rural District in Upper Bavaria, Germany.

Haar, Bavaria

Haar is a municipality in the Munich Rural District in Upper Bavaria, Germany.

Arieş River

The name Arieş River can be one of three rivers in Romania:


Garching bei München

Garching (Central Bavarian: "Garching bei Minga") is a town in the Munich Rural District in Upper Bavaria, Germany. There are other towns in Germany, which are called "Garching" so this one is often called "Garching bei München". This is German for Garching near Munich.

Mureș

The name Mureş can mean:

Taufkirchen (bei München)

Taufkirchen (Central Bavarian: "Taufkira ba Minga") is a municipality in the Munich Rural District in Upper Bavaria, Germany.

Arena Football League

The Arena Football League (or AFL) is a defunct American football league in the United States that ran from 1987 to 2008, and 2010 to 2019. After it ended the first time, another league like it started in 2010, called Arena Football 1. Some, but not all, of the AFL teams joined Arena Football 1. The league later changed its name to the Arena Football League. There were 6 teams in 2019 when the league folded due to bankruptcy.

Unlike what people in this league call the outdoor league (the NFL), "Arena football" is played in an smaller arena. Arena Football is played with only 8 players on a team, not 11 like the NFL.

The Arena Football League has had many teams join and leave the league. Every year, there has been at least one team which did not play with the same name as the year before.


Elmo

Elmo is a muppet character from the TV show "Sesame Street". He is a red monster, and has his own part of the show called "Elmo's World". His age is 3 years old. He is very famous for his laugh. His best friend is a pink fairy named Abby Cadabby.

Elmo was originally a nameless extra performed by various puppeteers with no established identity. After that, he became a recurring character on the show. Brian Muehl was the first main performer and gave him a whispery voice. Richard Hunt performed him next and gave him a gruff voice. However, Kevin Clash was given the muppet in 1984 and used a new voice for him. This voice was made using falsetto. The muppet then became very popular. Elmo always talks in third person: for example, Elmo says "Elmo knows where you live!" rather than "I know where you live!" Elmo has a pet fish named Dorothy. He plays the toy piano and likes to ride his tricycle. Elmo is very popular with younger children.

In the 1990s, an Elmo toy called "Tickle Me Elmo" was sold. In a short time, it became one of the most popular "Sesame Street" toys in stores.

San Francisco 49ers

The San Francisco 49ers are a professional American football team. The team plays its home games in Santa Clara, California at Levi's Stadium, as the teams head office and practice areas are located there. The 49ers are a member of the NFC West of the National Football League (NFL). The team is called the 49ers because of San Francisco's history in the Gold Rush of 1849. The team colors are red, gold, and silver. The team has appeared in seven Super Bowls, winning five of them.



Tennessee Titans

The Tennessee Titans are a professional American football team in Nashville, Tennessee. They are currently part of the South Division of the American Football Conference (AFC) in the National Football League (NFL). They used to be known as the Houston Oilers, and played in Houston, Texas. The team was started in 1960 as a charter member of the American Football League (AFL). The Oilers won two AFL championships before joining the NFL as part of the AFL-NFL Merger.

The team moved to the state of Tennessee in 1997. They played in Memphis for one season before moving to Nashville. For two seasons, the team was known as the Tennessee Oilers. They changed their name to the Titans in 1999.


Mumps

Mumps is a viral disease. Only humans get it. Some of the most common symptoms are fever, headaches, swelling of the parotoid glands, sore throat, and orchitis (which means swelling of the testicles). 

Mumps can be diagnosed by the increase in alpha amylase isoenzymes in blood plasma.

The MMR vaccine stops measles, mumps and rubella. Hence we can say that mumps can be prevented by MMR vaccination.

Civilian Conservation Corps

The Civilian Conservation Corps (CCC) was started by Franklin D. Roosevelt during the Great Depression. The "CCC" gave young men jobs such as fighting forest fires, digging ditches, and planting trees. The "CCC" paid these men about thirty dollars a month. At first, it was planned to get men out of the cities, but more men came from small towns and rural areas.


Killer app

A killer app is a term used for a video game which makes people want to buy the console it is played on. People will get the console just so they can play that game.

Super Mario Bros.: The Lost Levels

Super Mario Bros.: The Lost Levels is a Mario video game made by Nintendo. It was released as "Super Mario Bros. 2" in Japan in 1986 for the Famicom Disk System. Nintendo of America took another game, called "Doki Doki Panic", and released that instead under the "Super Mario Bros. 2" name.

"The Lost Levels" was not released in the United States since Nintendo of America felt that Americans would not be happy with the game because they felt it was too hard and too similar to "Super Mario Bros".
"The Lost Levels" feature updated graphics from the original, new items, and new functions. 


Mario and Luigi now act differently. Luigi has a higher jump and skids more when coming to a stop.

The game was first released around the world in 1993 in "Super Mario All-Stars" for the Super Nintendo Entertainment System game console. That game had the other three "Super Mario Bros." games with better graphics and a save function.

Since then, it has been re-released three more times. 

Chiang Mai

Chiang Mai is the biggest city in northern Thailand and the second biggest city in Thailand. The city's name is Thai for "new city" because it replaced Chiang Rai, meaning "old city", as the capital of the Lan Na Kingdom. It is the capital of Chiang Mai Province, the second-biggest province of Thailand. Neighboring provinces are (from northeast to northwest) Chiang Rai, Lampang, Lamphun, Tak, and Mae Hong Son. In the north it is next to Shan State of Myanmar.

Hyōgo Prefecture

Hyōgo Prefecture is a prefecture in the Kansai region of Japan on the island of Honshu. The capital city is Kobe. 

In the Meiji period, Hyōgo Prefecture was formed by merging the provinces of Harima, Tajima, Awaji, and parts of Tamba and Settsu.

In 1993, Himeji Castle was named a UNESCO World Heritage Site. It is in the city of Himeji.

In 1995, the Great Hanshin earthquake damaged Kobe and neighboring Osaka Prefecture. It caused the deaths of 5,000+ people.

Hyōgo has coastlines on two seas. The Sea of Japan is north of the prefecture and the Seto Inland Sea is on the south. Awaji Island in the Inland Sea is part of Hyōgo.

Hyōgo shares land borders with Osaka Prefecture, Kyoto Prefecture, Tottori Prefecture and Okayama Prefecture.

There are twenty-nine cities in Hyōgo Prefecture, including
National Parks are established in about 20% of the total land area of the prefecture.

"Izumo daijinju" is the chief Shinto shrines ("ichinomiya") in the prefecture. 


Adelaide Zoo

Adelaide Zoo is Australia's second oldest zoo. It is in Adelaide, South Australia. The zoo has over 1800 animals from 300 different species. 

In 2009, the zoo will be get two Giant Pandas, from China.


Ruth Harkness

Ruth Elizabeth Harkness (21 September 1900 – 20 July 1947) was an American fashion designer and socialite. She traveled to China in 1936 and brought back the first live giant panda to the United States. Her story was told in a book by Vicki Constantine Croke, "The Lady and the Panda", published by Random House in 2005. Ruth was found dead in a hotel on July 20th 1947.

Brookfield Zoo

The Brookfield Zoo is a large zoo near Chicago, Illinois. The zoo is about 216 acres (874,124 m²), and has around 450 species of animals.



Shirahama, Wakayama

Wakayama Prefecture

In the Meiji period, Wakayama Prefecture was created from the western part of Kii Province.

Wakayama's southwestern coastline faces the Seto Inland Sea and its southeastern coastline is on the Pacific Ocean. The northern borders of the prefecture meet Osaka Prefecture, Nara Prefecture, and Mie Prefecture.

There are nine cities in Wakayama Prefecture:

These are the towns and villages in each district:
National Parks are established in about 9% of the total land area of the prefecture.

"Hinokuma-kunikakasu jinjū" is the chief Shinto shrine ("ichinomiya") in the prefecture.



Webcast

A webcast is a type of media file used on the Internet. It is distributed using streaming media technology to many people at the same time. It is basically the same as broadcasting over the internet.

Many radio and TV stations, as well as stations that are only on the internet, have webcasts. Businesses may have webcasts to give presentations or to teach people. Some people broadcast weddings or funerals through webcasts.

Kansas City Chiefs

The Kansas City Chiefs are a professional American football team in Kansas City, Missouri. The team is a part of the Western Division of the American Football Conference (AFC) in the National Football League (NFL). Their starting quarterback is Patrick Mahomes.

Originally called the Dallas Texans, the club was founded by Lamar Hunt in 1960 as a charter member of the American Football League. The team moved to Kansas City and became the Chiefs in 1963 after then-Kansas City mayor H. Roe Bartle promised the team they would have more ticket sales. The Chiefs then joined the NFL as part of the AFL-NFL Merger. The Chiefs hold the distinction of being the second AFL team (after the New York Jets) to beat an NFL club in an AFL-NFL World Championship Game when they beat the Minnesota Vikings in Super Bowl IV.

The Chiefs won Super Bowl LIV by defeating the San Francisco 49ers 31-20. This was the team’s first Super Bowl win since 1969.

The term "chief" is sometimes considered to be insulting to Native Americans. There has been no serious effort to change the team's nickname. They have used an arrowhead as their symbol for a long time. They also named their home field Arrowhead Stadium.


Jacksonville Jaguars

The Jacksonville Jaguars are a professional American football team in Jacksonville, Florida. They are currently members of the Southern Division of the American Football Conference (AFC) in the National Football League (NFL). The Jaguars, and the Carolina Panthers, became part of the NFL as expansion teams in 1995.



Houston Texans

The Houston Texans are a professional American National Football League team in Houston, Texas. Their current quarterback is CJ Stroud. They are part of the American Football Conference (AFC). The Texans joined the NFL in 2002 as an expansion team. 

The team is, of course, named for their home state. There was another "Texans" team in the early 1960s, the Dallas Texas. That team move and became the Kansas City Chiefs. The first NFL team in Houston was the "Oilers". The Oilers moved to Tennessee and were renamed the "Titans". The Texans were created in order to replace the Oilers in Houston.



Cleveland Browns

The Cleveland Browns are a professional American football team in Cleveland, Ohio. The team plays in the AFC North division of the American Football Conference (AFC) in the National Football League (NFL). The Cleveland Browns started playing in 1946 as a charter member of the All-America Football Conference and joined the NFL in 1950 after the AAFC folded. After the 1995 season, the Browns moved to Baltimore, Maryland and changed its name to the Baltimore Ravens. However, the Browns' team history stayed behind in Cleveland. A new Cleveland Browns team began playing in the 1999 NFL season, inheriting the history of the first Browns team.

The team has also won four NFL Championships. It is one of two teams in Ohio, the other team is the Cincinnati Bengals.

They are one of two NFL teams to finish the season with 0 wins, going 0-16 in the 2017 NFL season. They share this achievement with the Detroit Lions, who went 0-16 in 2008.


Cincinnati Bengals

The Cincinnati Bengals are a professional American football team in Cincinnati, Ohio. They are currently members of the North Division of the American Football Conference (AFC) in the National Football League (NFL). Their first season, 1968, was as an American Football League franchise, but they joined the NFL as part of the 1970 AFL-NFL Merger. Their current quarterback is Joe Burrow.

The Bengals' stadium is Paul Brown Stadium, in Cincinnati. Their uniforms are an orange, black, or white jersey with tiger stripes and black or white pants.

The team chose its name for the fierce and dangerous big cat called the Bengal tiger.


Commentary

A commentary often means some sort of voice that will explain what is going on while a program is playing. Commentary is most often used in sports. Some famous commentators are Jim Ross, Larry Merchant, Jesse Ventura, Navjot Singh Sidhu and Gorilla Monsoon.

A commentary can mean comments, spoken or written, which help people understand a book, play or work of art.

Kelvedon

Kelvedon is a village and town in Essex, England.

There has been a settlement on the bend of the River Blackwater for thousands of years. Archeologists have found evidence that shows the settlement was a Celtic trading port. The Romans started a settlement here called "Canonium".
The present village of Kelvedon has been lived in since the early Middle Ages. The building of the Norwich - London railway, made Kelvedon a good place to live, but with easy and quick access to London. The village was built along one road, High Street. From the 1930's the village began to spread for miles along the street which was part of the A12. In the 1960's a bypass was built to go around the village. In the 1980's a large housing development called "Riverside Park" added hundreds of houses.


Baltimore Ravens

The Baltimore Ravens are a professional American football team in Baltimore, Maryland, USA. They play in the AFC North Division of the National Football League (NFL). The team is named after the poem, "The Raven" by Edgar Allen Poe. The Ravens are rivals with the Cleveland Browns, Pittsburgh Steelers, Cincinnati Bengals, and Tennessee Titans. The Ravens have the Super Bowl title twice, Super Bowl XXXV, in the 2000 NFL season against the New York Giants and Super Bowl XLVII in the 2012 NFL season against the San Francisco 49ers. As of 2023, the Ravens' quarterback is Lamar Jackson. They play at M&T Bank Stadium in Baltimore, MD.

Baltimore has long been known for their great defense. In 2000, the Ravens had one of the best defenses in NFL history. Some major Ravens defenders include middle linebacker Ray Lewis, outside linebacker/defensive end Terrell Suggs, defensive tackle Haloti Ngata, cornerback Chris McAlister, outside linebacker Peter Boulware, cornerback Lardarius Webb, defensive tackle Tony Siragusa, and defensive back Rod Woodson. Several Ravens defensive coodinators (Marvin Lewis, Mike Nolan, Rex Ryan, and Chuck Pagano) have gone to be NFL head coaches.

The offense has been considered mediocre. The Ravens have had many different quarterbacks, including Trent Dilfer, Vinny Testaverde, Kyle Boller, and Joe Flacco, with limited success. The Ravens have gotten good results from players like Todd Heap, Derrick Mason, Flacco, Jamal Lewis, and some others on offense.

The Ravens special teams has also been praised. Notable players include kicker , punter Sam Koch, and returner Jermaine Lewis.

In 1996, the Ravens' logo had a seal with a "B" for Baltimore. That logo was featured on the Ravens' helmets. In 1999, the logo changed to the head a purple Raven with the Baltimore B. That has been on team helmets since.

The Baltimore Ravens uniform combinations are: purple jersey and white pants (standard, introduced in 1999), white jersey with white pants (introduced in 1996, often worn for away games), white jersey with black pants (introduced in 2008, often worn in away games and at the season-home opener), purple jersey and black pants (alternate, 'not often worn,' introduced in 1996), black jerseys and white pants (alternate, introduced in 2008), and black jersey and black pants (alternate, introduced in 2004). Purple jerseys are most often worn during day-time home games. The black jerseys are worn only at home games, usually games that are played at night. The white jersey combinations are worn at most away games. However, the black pants and white jersey combination is usually worn by the Ravens for their first home game of every season. That tradition was started under head coach John Harbaugh in 2008.

"See main articles: Memorial Stadium (Baltimore) and M&T Bank Stadium."

The Ravens played their first two seasons in Memorial Stadium, where the Baltimore Orioles Major League Baseball team and the Baltimore Colts played. Before the 1998 season, the Ravens moved to what is now M&T Bank Stadium. The stadium was called "PSI Net Stadium" up until 2001 when the PSI Net company went bankrupt. The stadium was referred to as "Ravens Stadium" in 2002. Many fans signed a letter asking that the Ravens officials name the stadium "Johnny Unitas Stadium" after Baltimore Colts Hall of Fame quarterback Johnny Unitas. The request was unsuccessful. Before the 2003 season, the Ravens, Maryland Stadium Authority, and M&T Bank signed a long term contract for the stadium to be called "M&T Bank Stadium." The stadium's official holding is listed at 71,008 people, but can hold more.

The official headquarters of the Baltimore Ravens (commonly referred to as "The Castle," or "Baltimore Ravens Training Complex') is located in Owings Mills, Maryland, USA.

"See also: http://www.baltimoreravens.com/News/History/Ring_of_Honor.aspx" 

The Ravens induct personnel that they feel meat up to set standards on and off the field into the team Ring of Honor (presented by Smyth Jewlers).

The current Baltimore Ravens Ring of Honor:

Baltimore Colts honored: QB #19 Johnny Unitas, RB #24 Lenny Moore, OT #70 Art Donovan, DE #89 Geno Marchitti, WR #84 Reymond Berry, TE #88 John Mackey, and DE #83 Ted Hendricks (Inducted 2002)


The Baltimore Colts played in Baltimore from 1953 to 1984. In 1995, Cleveland Browns owner Art Modell announced that his struggling team could no longer compete financially or on the field. He then announced a highly criticized move to go to Baltimore. In 1996, the Ravens drafted future stars Jonathan Ogden, Ray Lewis, and Jermaine Lewis. Four years later, head coach Brian Billick led the Ravens to a 34-7 Super Bowl XXXV victory over the New York Giants. The next few years were filled with mediocrity. In 2004, Baltimore businessman Steve Bisciotti bought the team from Modell. The Ravens fired Billick in 2007 after a 5-11 season and replaced him with John Harbaugh, who got the Ravens to the playoffs through the next four years.



Buffalo Bills

The Buffalo Bills are an American football team in Buffalo, New York. They are members of the Eastern Division of the American Football Conference (AFC) in the National Football League (NFL). The Bills started playing in 1960 as an original member of the American Football League and joined the NFL as part of the AFL-NFL merger.

The Bills won two American Football League titles in 1964 and 1965, but the team has not won a league championship since the merger. Buffalo is also the only team to win four consecutive AFC Championships (1990-93), though they did not win any of the four following Super Bowls.

Ralph Wilson, the longtime owner who had established the Bills in 1959, died on March 25, 2014. On September 9, 2014, Wilson's family announced that it had sold the team to Terry Pegula and his wife, Kim. The Pegulas also own the Buffalo Sabres of the NHL.

The Bills team name is based on the famous "wild west show" star known as Buffalo Bill. The American bison is the team symbol. This large mammal is commonly known in North America as the "buffalo", although it is only distantly related to other large mammals known as such.


Washington Commanders

The Washington Commanders are a professional American football team based in the Washington, D.C. area. The team plays at FedExField in Landover, Maryland. The team's head office and training area are at Redskin Park in Ashburn, Virginia. They are part of the Eastern Division of the National Football Conference (NFC) in the National Football League (NFL).

The team began in Boston in 1932. They were first named for the Boston Braves baseball team. They were soon renamed the "Redskins." They kept that nickname after moving to Washington in the late 1930s. Native Americans and others said this word was insulting to Native Americans. There were protests and legal challenges, but the team kept the name for many years. 

On June 18, 2014, the United States Patent Office decided that they were going to cancel the Redskins trademarks and called the name "disparaging to Native Americans."

In June 2020, 87 of the team's sponsors wrote a letter asking the team to change its name. PepsiCo, Nike, and FedEx were three of these sponsors. Together those three companies pay more than US$600 million to show their products and services next to the team. That summer, the team announced that there would be a review of the name. On July 13, 2020, the team officially retired the "Redskins" name, although they did not choose a new team name at that time. The team played the 2020 and 2021 seasons as the Washington Football Team.

The team hired John Wright to find a new name. He spoke to fans, former players, and some Native Americans. Fans liked the name "Red Wolves," but too many other teams already legally owned names and pictures that were like "Red Wolves." On February 2, 2022, Wright went on the Today Show. He said the new name would be "Washington Commanders" and showed everyone the new team uniforms.

Some Native American leaders, for example Fawn Sharp of the National Congress of American Indians, said the team also should have apologized for using the name for so long and making so much money with it. Others said it was a step in the right direction.


Super Princess Peach

Super Princess Peach (スーパープリンセスピーチ in Japanese) is a 2005 platform video game. It was developed by TOSE and published by Nintendo. In 2009, this game was re-released as a Nintendo Selects title. It was released for the Nintendo DS.

Unlike most "Mario" video games, Bowser has decided to kidnap Mario. The player takes control of Peach who must go out and save Mario.

Minnesota Vikings

The Minnesota Vikings are a professional American football team in Minneapolis, Minnesota. The Vikings play in the National Football Conference of the National Football League (NFL). They are in the NFC North division. The Vikings have won their division 16 times, which is the third most among teams that are playing in the NFL now. They appeared in four Super Bowls during the 1970s, and lost all four of them. Their home field is the U.S. Bank Stadium

The team is called the Vikings because the state of Minnesota was settled by a great many people of Scandinavian ancestry. The historical Vikings originated in Scandinavia.


Reno, Nevada

Reno is a city in the American state of Nevada. It is the county seat of Washoe County. As of 2020, there were 264,165 people living in Reno. Charles Fuller built the first log cabin in 1859 and was named Lakes Crossing in 1861.

Wolong National Nature Reserve

Wolong National Nature Reserve is a national park in Sichuan Province, People's Republic of China. It was established in 1963. The reserve has an area of about 200,000 hectares. There are over 4,000 different species recorded in the reserve. Wolong National Nature Reserve houses more than 150 endangered giant pandas.

In June 1980, the China Research and Conservation Center for the Giant Panda was established. The World Wildlife Fund (WWF) and the Chinese government cooperated to establish the center. Researchers have made trials on how to breed the giant pandas. They have successfully bred 66 panda cubs.

A mountain stream runs through the Wolong Valley (where the Reserve is); the stream is heavily armoured with boulders and smaller rounded stones. Stream waters are rather alkaline with pH levels in the range of 8.91. (Hogan, 2007) Water quality turbidity is quite high due to extensive sand and gravel mining in stream.

According to a 2001 research by Dr. Jianguo Liu of Michigan State University, the rate of destruction is higher after the reserve's creation than before its creation. Using NASA's satellite images and records of the number of people there, Liu's research team concluded that due to tourism and the increase in the number of people, the reserve is facing an unprecedented threat. "Tourists do not think they have an impact on panda habitat, but indirectly each visitor has some impact," Liu said. "We do not see ourselves as a destructive force, but we are."


Charles Spurgeon

Charles Haddon (C.H.) Spurgeon (19 June 1834 – 31 January 1892) was a English Baptist preacher. People still know him as the "Prince of Preachers". In his lifetime, Spurgeon preached to about 10 million people. Spurgeon would often preach 10 times a week at different places. His sermons have been translated into many languages. Today, there are more writings and books by Spurgeon than by any other Christian writer.

Spurgeon was the pastor of the Metropolitan Tabernacle in London for 38 years. Under the previous pastor, Dr John Rippon, it became the largest Baptist congregation in Great Britain. He was part of several controversies with the Baptist Union of Great Britain, and later had to leave that denomination. Throughout his life, Spurgeon suffered from depression and other mental illnesses. In 1857, he started a charity organisation called Spurgeon's which works all over the world.

Charles Spurgeon was born on 19 June 1834, in Kelvedon, in the English county of Essex. He was the eldest child of Eliza Jarvis and John Spurgeon. His mother Eliza was born in nearby Belchamp Otten on 3 May 1815. She was about 19-years-old when Spurgeon was born. His father John Spurgeon, born in Clare, Suffolk on 15 July 1810, was about 24-years-old. There were 17 children in Spurgeon's family, but nine of them died when they were babies.

When he was six, Spurgeon read The Pilgrim's Progress. He read that book over 100 times in his life. Spurgeon was also very good at mathematics. As a young boy, he would read the Scriptures at family worship. He memorised many hymns as a child, and would use many of them in his sermons later in life.

As an early teenager, he was very intelligent, but was also fearful and doubting. By the influence of his father and grandfather, Spurgeon was kept from most normal sins. As a child, he thought that he was a good person. But he later said that, "Day and night God's hand was heavy on me." He read the whole Bible, but he thought that it was threatening him, rather than promising him good things. As he got older, these things weighed on his conscience.

On 6 January 1850, when he was 15, a snow storm made him seek shelter in a Primitive Methodist chapel in Colchester. While he was there, a worker there said to him, "Young man, you look very miserable." Spurgeon knew this, and he believed now that only God could heal him. The worker, seeing his need, replied, "Young man, look to Jesus Christ! Look! Look! Look! You have nothin' to do but to look and live."

Within moments, he was converted to Christianity, or as he said: "God opened his heart to the Salvation message." He later said that, "I thought I could dance all the way home." On 3 May 1850, he was baptised in the River Lark, at Isleham. Later that year, his family moved to Cambridge.

He preached his first sermon in the winter of 1850–51. At that time, he was made the pastor of the Waterbeach Baptist Chapel in Cambridgeshire. His preaching was thought to be very good. In 1853, he authored his first written work: a Gospel tract.

In April 1854, aged 19 and after he had preached for three months, Spurgeon became the pastor of the New Park Street Chapel in London. At that time, it was the largest Baptist congregation in the city. Within months of Spurgeon being the pastor there, he became very famous. Even before he was 20, Spurgeon had preached over 600 times. His sermons were published every week, and many people read them. While he was at the New Park Street Chapel, Spurgeon became friends with James Hudson Taylor. Taylor was the man who started the China Inland Mission.

The way Spurgeon preached was not new, but it was easy to understand. When he would read and teach the Bible in his messages, many people would think about what Jesus had said. Because the church congregation became too large for their building, they had to move to Exeter Hall, then to Surrey Music Hall, and later to the Metropolitan Tabernacle. By the age of 22, he was a very popular preacher. He would preach to more than 10,000 people at a time. Even before the microphone was invented, he spoke to an audience of almost 24,000 at the Crystal Palace.

On 8 January 1856, Spurgeon got married to Susannah Spurgeon. By the age of 33, she had to stay home because of her disabilities. They had twin sons, Charles and Thomas, born 20 September 1856.

While he was preaching on 19 October 1856, there was a tragedy. A group of men yelled "Fire!" This made many people panic and run for the exits. It was later found out that seven people died after being trampled to death. Spurgeon was hurt emotionally by the actions of these men, and it had a large influence on his life. He had depression for many years. He later said that he cried for no reason, but still his ministry went on.

On 18 March 1861, the church moved to their newly built Metropolitan Tabernacle, at Elephant-and-Castle in London. The building could hold from five to six thousand people, and was like a modern-day "megachurch". Spurgeon read many books, up to six a week.

Spurgeon liked singing hymns and wrote several of them. He published a book of well-known hymns for use at his church. There was no pipe organ or other instruments in his church; the hymns were always sang unaccompanied. Spurgeon never called people to come forward after his sermons, which is a custom of many evangelical preachers, who like to talk to the people who have been moved in their faith by the preaching. Spurgeon would say that anyone could meet him on Monday to talk about Christ. There was always someone at his door the next day. He preached there until his death 31 years later.

When the missionary David Livingstone died in 1873, a copy of Spurgeon's sermon, "Accidents, Not Punishments", was found among his belongings. There was a comment at the top of the first page that read, "Very good, D.L." Livingstone carried the sermon with him when he travelled to Africa, but it was given back to Spurgeon. Spurgeon had given the message on Sunday, 8 September 1861, at the Metropolitan Tabernacle, in Newington, London. He had preached it because of two disasters that happened close to his house. On Sunday, 25 August 1861, there was a tragic accident between two trains in the Clayton Tunnel between London and Brighton. 23 people died from this crash and the crash also injured hundreds. About two weeks later, on Monday, 2 September another train wreck in North London that made 15 more people die.

Spurgeon gave his last sermon at the Metropolitan Tabernacle on 7 June 1891. During his pastorate, 14,692 were baptised and joined the Tabernacle. Spurgeon's wife was often too sick to leave their home to hear him preach.

Near the end of his life, he had poor health with rheumatism, gout, and Bright's disease. He died in Menton, in France, on 31 January 1892. Spurgeon's wife and sons lived longer than him. His body is buried in a tomb in West Norwood Cemetery, in London.

Around the end of Spurgeon's life, he was part of many conflicts in the Baptist Union of Great Britain (BUGB). Spurgeon later left the Baptist Union. Even after Spurgeon's death, there were such controversies there, such as the talk over whether or not the Baptist Union should be allowed to meet in the Metropolitan Tabernacle. Spurgeon's son, Thomas, who was the co-pastor of the Metropolitan Tabernacle with Archibald G. Brown, said that, "The Baptist Union almost killed my father." "Yes," replied someone at BUGB, "and your father almost killed the Baptist Union."

A controversy with Baptists started in 1887 when Spurgeon wrote what was later called the "Downgrade Controversy." It got that name when Spurgeon used word "Downgrade" when talking about how other Baptists looked at the Bible. Spurgeon meant that things such as Charles Darwin's theory of evolution were making the Baptist Union weak.

The "baptismal regeneration" controversy was started by a sermon in the Metropolitan Tabernacle on 5 June 1864. That was when Spurgeon spoke to Anglican Christian leaders who supported infant baptism. The sermon is 16 pages long, so it took around an hour for Spurgeon to preach it. Over 350,000 copies of this sermon were sold. However, Spurgeon did work with Anglicans, as well as people from other denominations all his life.

Stockwell Orphanage was an orphanage started by Spurgeon in London in 1867. It opened on 9 September 1869, and was originally for boys only. It began taking girls as well in 1879. The children were fed, clothed and taught at the orphanage. The money to pay for this mainly came from donations.

The orphanage was open until London was bombed in the Second World War. It later turned into Spurgeon's Child Care (and then into Spurgeon's). It is now mainly in England, but has international projects in Mexico, Africa and Eastern Europe.

Spurgeon's College is a theological institute in London. Spurgeon started it in 1857. Spurgeon's College is a member of the Baptist Union.

In 1906, William Jewell College in Liberty, Missouri paid £500 ($2500) for most of the Spurgeon library. The Spurgeon library had around 5,100 books in it at the time. In 2006, the whole library was sold to the Midwestern Baptist Theological Seminary. Some of Spurgeon's sermon notes are at Samford University in Birmingham, Alabama.

His works have been translated into many languages. He also made many volumes of commentaries, sayings, and other types of literature.




George Müller

George Fredrick Müller (German: Georg Friedrich Müller) (September 27, 1805 – March 10, 1898), was an Christian evangelist and worker of orphanages in Bristol, England. He cared for about 10,000 orphans in his life. He was well known for giving an education to the children under his care, so much that sometimes he was accused of giving the poor more than they should be given.

Müller was born in Kroppenstedt, a village in the Kingdom of Prussia. His early life he was not very righteous. He was a thief, a liar and a gambler. At age 14, while his mother was dying, he was playing cards with friends and drinking.
His father wanted to give him a religious education that would give him a wealthy job as a clergyman in the church. While studying divinity at college, a fellow student invited him to a Christian house meeting. He was welcomed there, and he soon began reading the Bible. He also began talking much with the others at the meetings. He soon left his sinful life, and began wanting to be a missionary. He began preaching in churches nearby. He still met with the growing group of evangelical believers in his university. he had a pet monkey named curious George. 

In 1828, Müller almost started working with Jews in England. But when he got there, in 1829, he fell ill. When he got better, he promises he would obey the will of God. He soon left London. He believed that God would provide for his needs as he did his Christian work. He became the pastor of a chapel in Devon. Soon after, he married Miss Mary Groves. While he was the pastor of the church, he would not take a regular salary. He also stopped renting pews for the church. He said that would give too much money to the wealthy.

He moved to Bristol in 1832. In 1834, he founded the "Scripture Knowledge Institution for Home and Abroad". It had the goal of helping Christian schools and missionaries. And also it gave away the Bible. He did not get any money from the government. He only accepting personal gifts. But still they received, and gave away £1.5 million ($2,718,844 USD) by the time of his death. It was mainly used for supporting the orphanages he worked at. But also they giving away nearly two million Bibles and other religious texts.

Müller and his wife began working with orphans in 1836. They then kept thirty girls in their own home. Soon after that, they opened three more orphanages. That made the total of children they cared for about 130. In 1845, as they got bigger, Müller decided that they would build another building for around 300 children. In 1849, that home opened. By 1870, more than 2,000 children were being helped in their five homes.

To this point, Müller had never asked for financial support, and he did not go into debt. Even though their five homes cost over £100,000 to build. Many times, he would get free food donations only hours before it was time to eat. That helped his faith in God even more. Every morning after breakfast there was a time of Bible reading and prayer. Every child was given a Bible when they left the orphanage. The children had nice clothes. Müller even had a school inspector make sure things were done right.
In 1871, an article in The Times stated that since 1836, 23,000 children had been educated in the schools. Also it said that thousands had been educated in other places that they paid for. The article also said that since he started, 64,000 Bibles, 85,000 Testaments, and 29,000,000 religious books had been made, and given away. They also had to pay the support of 150 missionaries.

In 1872, after the death of his first wife in 1870, he got married to Susannah Grace Sanger. In 1875, at the age of 70, he began a 17-year period of missionary travel. He preached in the United States, India, Australia, Japan, China, and nearly forty other countries. He traveled over 200,000 miles, and that was before the airplane was invented. Because he knew several languages, he was able to preach in English, French, and German. His sermons were translated into over twelve other languages.

He told in his autobiography how he came to closely read the Bible, he came with "great astonishment" to find that it was able to "speak decidedly" to him. He was a founding member of the "Open Brethren" movement. In 1892, he went back to England. He later died on March 10, 1898.


Spectacled bear

The spectacled bear ("Tremarctos ornatus"), also known as the Andean bear is the last of the lineage of short-faced bears. Locally, it is also called "ukuku", "jukumari" or "ukumari". The other short-faced bears are now extinct. They lived during middle to late Pleistocene age.

The spectacled bear is a relatively small species of bear native to South America. It has black fur with a distinctive beige-coloured marking across its face and upper chest. Males are 33% larger than females. Males can weigh 130 – 200 kilograms (286 – 440 lb), and females 35 – 60 kilograms (77 – 132 lb). They are found in several areas of northern and western South America, including western Venezuela, Colombia, Ecuador, Peru, western Bolivia, northwestern Argentina, and eastern Panama. Spectacled bears are the only surviving types of bear native to South America, and the only surviving member of the subfamily Tremarctinae. Their survival has depended mostly on their ability to climb even the highest trees of the Andes.

Convergent evolution

Convergent evolution is a process in biology. It occurs when two species from different lines develop the same traits or features. This happens because they live in similar habitats, and have to develop solutions to the same kind of problems.

Similarity in traits can occur in two ways. Both species might have acquired the trait by descent from a common ancestor. In this case the structures are homologous. An example is the tetrapod limb, which has been inherited from early tetrapods in the late Devonian/early Carboniferous, about 360 million years ago. On the other hand, both might be independent adaptations to similar conditions in their habitat. In this case the structures are analogous. Convergent evolution leads to analogous features.



Examples of convergent evolution are extremely numerous: it is an important feature of evolution.

Parallelophyly is the special case where two or more lines with a close common ancestor acquire the same character independently. Cichlid fish in Lake Tanganyika in East Africa have developed the same feeding method in six different lines. Stalked eyes occur irregularly and independently in acalypteran flies. They have clearly inherited the genetic capacity for such eyes. This capacity is selected only in some lines.

Michelangelo Antonioni

Michelangelo Antonioni (, ; 29 September 1912 – 30 July 2007) was an Italian film director, screenwriter, editor, and painter. His best known movie is "Blowup", made in 1966. He died on the same day as Ingmar Bergman, another famous director. He was born in Ferrara and died in Rome.

Salvador de Madariaga

Salvador de Madariaga y Rojo (July 23, 1886 A Coruña, Spain - December 14, 1978 Locarno, Switzerland) was a Spanish diplomat, writer, historian and pacifist. He was the father of Nieves Mathews and professor/historian Dr. Isabel de Madariaga. He was the grandfather of Javier Solana.



Bislama

Bislama is one of the three national languages of Vanuatu. It is a new language, made during the last two or three hundred years by mixing English with some French and some local words. The way the words are put together is like people have talked in Vanuatu for a long time -- not like English or French words are put together.

Bislama is like this:

Between the 1870s and the 1880s, hundreds of thousands of Pacific islanders (many of them from the New Hebrides) were forced to work on plantations, mainly in the state of Queensland, Australia, and Fiji. A pidgin was formed out of the several languages spoken in these plantations. It combined English vocabulary with the grammar from the languages of the region. This early plantation pidgin was the origin of Bislama, Tok Pisin in Papua New Guinea and Pijin from the Solomon Islands.

This creole started spreading throughout the Vanuatu archipelago at the turn of the 20th century. Because there are 113 languages spoken in Vanuatu, Bislama serves as a lingua franca for communication. 

The first dictionary of Bislama was published in 1995. Its second edition was published in 2004. This has helped to create a standardised and uniform spelling of written Bislama.

Besides Bislama, most ni-Vanuatu also know their local language. The country's official languages used for education are English and French.

Two frequent words in Bislama are "long" and "blong", which take the place of many prepositions in English.


"Long" has many other related meanings, and is sometimes used in improvisation.

Originally from the English word "belong", "blong" takes the place of 'of' or the genitive case in other languages. Just like "of" in English, it is one of the most widely used and versatile words in the language, and can indicate possession, country of origin, defining characteristics, intention, and others.



Tariq Ramadan

Tariq Said Ramadan (born 26 September 1962 in Geneva, Switzerland) is a Swiss Muslim academic and theologian. He thinks Islamic texts should be studied. He also thinks that Islamic society today is different from what it was when the Koran was written. He therefore says that Muslims living in Europe need to adapt and change Islam, so they can contribute its values to a European society.

This position is often referred to as Euroislam.

In November 2017, multiple women accused Ramadan of rape. On 31 January 2018, Ramadan was taken into custody by French police. After two days of questioning, he was formally charged with two counts of rape and ordered to remain in custody.

Unterschleißheim

Unterschleißheim (Central Bavarian: "Untaschleißheim") is a town in the Munich Rural District in Upper Bavaria, Germany.

Baierbrunn

Baierbrunn (Central Bavarian: "Baiabrunn") is a municipality in the Munich Rural District in Upper Bavaria, Germany.

Geert Wilders

Geert Wilders (born 6 September 1963) is a Dutch right-wing populist and nationalist politician, born in Venlo. He is a member of the Dutch Parliament. He joined the People's Party for Freedom and Democracy first, and in 2006 created and has become the leader for the Party for Freedom.

He began working as an assistant (helper) for Frits Bolkestein in 1990. In September 2004, he left People's Party for Freedom and Democracy (VVD in Dutch, the language spoken in the Netherlands). After that he made his own party named Groep Wilders. Later he changed the name to Partij voor de Vrijheid (Party for Freedom or PVV).

Fitna is a short movie made by Wilders. It was released on the Internet on 27 March 2008. Wilders' goal was to show people what he thinks about Islamization, using this movie.


Cessna 182

The Cessna 182, marketed under the name Skylane, is a four-seat, single-engine, light airplane. It has the option of adding two child seats, installed in the baggage area.

Introduced in 1956, the 182 has been produced in a number of variants, including a version with retractable landing gear, and is the second most popular Cessna model, after the 172.

Asparagus

Asparagus is a large genus of flowering plants with over 300 different species. Some of the plants are grown as ornamental plants. One of these is the "asparagus fern", "Asparagus setaceus", which is not a real fern. The best known plant in this group is "Asparagus officinalis", which is grown as a vegetable, and is usually eaten in spring.

Asparagus was one of the plants which Carl von Linné showed in his work "Species Plantarum". "A. officinalis" is used as its type species.

Some species of asparagus are used in cooking. They are known to make urine smellier.


Armand David

Father Armand David (Espelette September 27, 1826 near Bayonne –November 10, 1900 in Paris) was a Lazarist missionary Catholic priest as well as a zoologist and a botanist. He discovered many new species in China. The best-known of the animals he discovered are the Giant Panda and the Père David's Deer and the Dove tree, Davidia involucrata

Père David's deer

Père David's deer ("Elaphurus davidianus") is a species of deer. It is also known as Milu (麋鹿) in Chinese. In the past it went extinct in the wild and existed only in captivity. However, it has been reintroduced to the wild in some areas. It likes marshland, and is believed to be native to the subtropics. It eats a mixture of grass and water plants.

Adults weigh between and . They have a nine-month gestation period, and one or two fawns are born at a time. They reach maturity at about 14 months, and have been known to reach the age of 23 years.

Père David's deer has a long tail, wide hooves, and branched antlers. Adults have summer coats that are bright red with a dark dorsal stripe, and dark gray winter coats. The fawns are spotted.

This species of deer is native to China. By the late 19th century, the deer had become extinct in the wild. The only remaining herd belonged to the was Chinese emperor. He kept the deer in a royal hunting park in the southern part of Beijing. In 1895, a flood washed away part of the wall and some of the deer escaped. Most of these were then killed and eaten by the local population. This left fewer than 30 deer left in the park. Then in 1900, the park was occupied by German and Japanese soldiers during the Boxer Rebellion. These killed and ate the remaining deer. This left the deer nearly extinct in China. The last known deer in the wild in China was shot in 1939 near the Yellow Sea.

A few animals had been taken illegally to Europen countries to be put on show. In 1900, Herbrand Russell was determined to save the deer. He bought all that remained in captivity in Europe and brought them to Woburn Abbey, England. The deer survived through both World Wars due to the efforts of Russell and his son, Hastings. The current world population comes from this herd, and can be found in zoos around the world.

The deer began to be reintroduced in the wild in 1985, with a herd of 20 deer. These were placed in Nan Haizi Milu Park, Beijing, and Dafeng Reserve, Jiangsu Province, China. Other herds were added in 1986 and 1987. By 2005, the wild population had increased to about 2,000. 



Finite element method

The finite element method is a numerical method of solving systems of differential equations. They are used extensively in many fields of engineering because they require very little knowledge of mathematics beyond basic algebra to use. It belongs to the Methods of Weighted residuals. The problem is formulated such that some conditions are satisfied exactly, while others are satisfied only approximately or numerically (i.e., the "residual" being the difference between the exact solution and the approximate solution is weighted and minimized to get the best approximation).

While the ease of setting up a problem using finite elements and getting a solution is the reason for its popularity, it is also the cause of its frequent misuse and distrust of the answers obtained. Usually you have to check your results with an experiment before your model is acceptable for use. The use of finite elements in structural analysis is in particular poorly managed. Engineers typically begin working with FEM having very little knowledge of numerical methods or knowledge of finite element behavior. There are no standards and guidelines for modeling and few managers who understand well enough to regulate modeling. It has led to mistrust of the method, its arrested development, and some very bad analysis being performed that is copied by others. Much aircraft structural design is analyzed using FEM. 


Sipoo

Sipoo (, ) is a municipality in Uusimaa, Finland. Sipoo had over 19,000 residents in the end of 2014. Neighbouring municipalities are Helsinki, Vantaa, Kerava, Tuusula, Järvenpää, Porvoo, Pornainen and Mäntsälä. The area of Sipoo is . The tax level of Sipoo is 18.75%. The leader of the municipality is Mikael Grannas.

Broböle, Kalkkiranta, Söderkulla, Savijärvi and Västerskog.

Söderkulla is a local centre in the Southern Sipoo. There is an elementary school and many sports places as well as the haven there.

The centre of Sipoo is . There are several stores, bars and restaurants as well as many services in Nikkilä. There is one secondary school and many primary schools there. There are also a high school and a vocational school.

Nikkilä has two churces, an old one and a new one. The old church, Saint Sigfrid's church is a and was built in 1450-1454 although some of the parts have been added afterwards. The new red brick church was built in the year 1885 and designed by Theodore Decker.

Website (in Finnish)

Municipality of Sipoo - Official Website (in English)

Collar

In clothing, a collar is the part of a shirt, dress, coat or blouse that goes around or frames the neck. A "collar" may also be a separate or detachable item around the neck.

Frame

A frame is a flat container to hold something. It can also be an outer part of the structures.

Frame could also mean:



Parcel

Parcel can mean several things:

Land hemisphere

The land hemisphere is the hemisphere on the Earth with the highest possible area of land. It is centered on (near the city of Nantes, France). The other half of the Earth is the water hemisphere.

The land hemisphere has seven eighths of the land on the Earth. This would be four fifths of the land area if Antarctica were included in the land area of the World. Europe, Africa, North America, most of Asia and most of South America are in the land hemisphere. Europe is at the center of the land hemisphere. Because the area of the oceans of the land hemisphere is bigger than its land area, the land hemisphere means the hemisphere where most land is.

Water hemisphere

The water hemisphere is the hemisphere on the Earth with the highest area of water. It is centered on , near New Zealand. The other half of the Earth is the land hemisphere.

Not including Antartica, the water hemisphere has only one-eighth of the world's land. Australia, New Zealand, a small part of Southeast Asia and the southern part of South America are in the water hemisphere.

Antarctica is included in the hemisphere, and most of it is certainly land. If it were included in the total land area of Earth, the water hemisphere would have one-fifth of the world's land. Most of the Pacific Ocean and the Indian Ocean are on the water hemisphere. The area of the oceans of the water hemisphere is much higher than its land area, but the area of the oceans of the land hemisphere is still higher than its land area.

Pasadena, California

Pasadena is a city in California. It is northeast of Los Angeles on Interstate 210 and the Metro Gold Line. As of 2020, it had a population of 138,699.

Every year, Pasadena has the Tournament of Roses Parade. The Rose Bowl Game is played after the parade.

Pasadena was settled by Tongva Indians and Mexican ranchers before California became a state. In the 1880s, it became a city (making it the oldest city in the area after Los Angeles). Pasadena was one of the hubs of the Pacific Electric Railroad. During the early 20th century, it was the eighth-largest city in California.

There are many historic buildings in Pasadena. They include the Gamble House, the Blacker House, and the historic homes in Bungalow Heaven. There are also several colleges, including the California Institute of Technology. Pasadena has an arts scene, with many famous people acting at the Pasadena Civic Auditorium or Pasadena Playhouse or putting paintings in the Norton Simon Museum.

Surprise

Surprise can mean many things:

Red fox

The red fox ("Vulpes vulpes") is a mammal of the order Carnivora. It is the biggest and most well-known species of fox. Red foxes are sometimes hunted for sport, or killed as pests or carriers of rabies.

Red foxes have long legs, pointed triangular black ears, a pointed snout, and a long bushy tail other red foxes The tail is also something of a food store.

Foxes also communicate with each other by urinating on trees or rocks, like dogs sometimes do. Its back, sides, and head are usually covered with reddish-brown fur, and its neck and chest are covered with white fur. The tail tip of a red fox is white. Its legs and paws are normally black.

Red foxes hunt alone. Red foxes are omnivores. They feed on mice, squirrels, birds, rabbits, hares, and other small animals. However, they will also eat fruit, vegetables, fish, frogs, lizards, eggs, insects, and worms. The red fox will continue to hunt even when it is full. It stores leftover food to eat later. When they are raised by humans domestically, they can also eat pet food. Red Foxes hunt mostly at night, sunset, and dawn.

When prey has been detected, the fox crouches low to the ground and moves towards it, while attempting to minimize any noise or visual warnings. During the approach, the fox´s eyes remain on its prey. A chase starts once the fox has been seen. the prey escaping through dense bushes, or in the fox disabling it by biting it in the legs.

Red foxes have a few natural predators. Their predators are wolves, coyotes, bears, cougars, and lynxes, while eagles, hawks, owls, and badgers are predators of red fox kits, although eagles can kill adult foxes. Humans are the worst enemies of foxes as humans kill foxes for their fur.

Red foxes usually mate in the winter. The vixen (female fox) normally gives birth to a litter of 2 to 12 pups. When red foxes are born, they are brown or gray. Although a new red coat usually grows in one month, some red foxes have other colored coats such as golden, reddish-brown, silver, or even black. The mother of the pups, after she weens them, feeds them at first by regurgitating food into their mouths.

Foxes generally do not sleep in dens unless they are females who are giving birth to or raising cubs. Female foxes seek out dens made by other animals, like rabbits or badgers, but will dig their own den if necessary. Foxes in the wild curl up in a ball out in the open to sleep, keeping warm by covering themselves with their bushy tails. Foxes who live in urban areas may sleep under structures such as sheds.

It is native to America, Asia, and Europe. They were later brought to Australia.
There are about 1.7 million foxes in Australia. Early settlers brought red foxes to Australia in the 19th century, because they wanted to hunt the foxes as a sport. In the next 100 years, foxes spread across Australia and became an invasive species. Red foxes kill hundreds of millions of animals in Australia every year, which strongly hurts the continent's biodiversity. Currently, there are efforts to reduce the fox population.

http://animals.mom.me/foxes-sleep-7359.html

http://mynarskiforest.purrsia.com/ev6rhunt.htm

http://www.onekind.org/be_inspired/animals_a_z/fox_red/ 

Royal Surrey Gardens

The Royal Surrey Gardens were gardens in Kennington, London, during the Victorian period. It was the site of Surrey Zoological Gardens and Surrey Music Hall.


Iron Man (movie)

Iron Man is an American science fiction superhero movie based on the Marvel Comics character Iron Man. It is the first movie in the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU). It was released in different countries on dates between April 30, 2008 and May 2, 2008. The movie follows a billionaire industrialist (Robert Downey Jr.) having a heart transplant. The movie was positively welcomed from both audience and film critics. It was the number one movie in the United States in the opening weekend.

Tony Stark is the CEO of Stark Industries, a company that makes weapons and bombs. He flies to Afghanistan to show off a new weapon called the "Jericho" missile to the United States Army. He and four other soldiers drive off in a Humvee, which is then attacked. One of the attack weapons was a bomb that Stark Industries had made. The soldiers are killed. Stark is badly injured by shrapnel from the bomb and is kidnapped.

Stark wakes up in a cave to find a man named Ho Yinsen standing over him. Yinsen tells Stark that he took out as much shrapnel as he could. He also installed wires connected to a car battery to stop the rest of the shrapnel from reaching his heart and killing him. Raza, the leader of the terrorists, orders Stark and Yinsen to build a Jericho missile for him. Stark builds an arc reactor that produces clean power. He uses it to replace the car battery that he has been carrying around.

Stark and Yinsen then build an armored suit for Stark to escape in. Because Raza demands that the missile be ready the next day, Stark decides they must escape soon. But his suit is not ready yet. So Yinsen picks up an assault rifle and starts shooting to give Stark more time. When the suit is ready, Stark defeats Raza and his men. Yinsen is badly injured and dies. Stark sets fire to the whole camp and lifts off using the armored suit. He crashes and the Army finds him and his friend, James Rhodes.

When he arrives home, Stark announces that he is closing the weapons division of Stark Industries. He then spends his time downstairs building a new armored suit and a new arc reactor more powerful than the last one. Stark tells his secretary, Pepper Potts, to destroy the old arc reactor, but she instead puts it in a glass box. On the first test of his second armor, Stark goes up into the atmosphere and the suit freezes up. He rebuilds it to work in cold conditions and paints it red.

At a party, he learns that Obadiah Stane, who is second-in-command at Stark Industries, and others are secretly selling weapons to Raza and his men. He tells Potts to go into Stane's office and find the shipping records so he can fly to the places and destroy the weapons. Stane finds out that Pepper Potts has the information.

So Stane builds a suit based on Stark's first suit, the Mark I, which Raza found in the desert and gave to him. He names his suit the Iron Monger. But his scientists cannot make an arc reactor to power it, so he goes to Stark's house to steal his. He paralyses Stark with a small device that Stark built, and takes the arc reactor out of his chest. Without the arc reactor, Stark cannot live long. He goes back to his workshop to find the original arc reactor. He breaks the glass box and puts the old arc reactor in his chest. Then he puts on the Mark III suit to fight Stane.

Potts and a group of government men go to Stark Industries to arrest Stane, but they find him in the Iron Monger suit. Stark and Stane fight. Stark has Potts blow up the large arc reactor at Stark Industries to kill Stane. In a few days, the photographs of the fight appear in newspapers. The press call Stark's armor "Iron Man". A government agency, S.H.I.E.L.D, tells him that he should say that he was on a boat during the events, so his role as Iron Man in the fight is kept secret. But during a press conference, Stark says that he is Iron Man.

After the movie credits, a man named Nick Fury tells Stark that he is not the only superhero around and that he would like to discuss the Avengers Initiative with him.


Because this movie did so well, Marvel made a sequel. It is called "Iron Man 2" and was released in April, May and June 2010. The different release dates were for different parts of the world. Iron Man also appears in other Marvel Cinematic Universe movies, like The Avengers.

A third movie, "Iron Man 3" was released on May 3, 2013.


Molar

Molars are special teeth found in mammals, and also the most complex sort of teeth. They are used for grinding food. 

Humans have 12 molars in total, in four groups of three at the back of the mouth. The molar which is the farthest back in each group is called a wisdom tooth. The wisdom teeth are the last teeth to appear, usually at around the age of eighteen. These final molars do not erupt in many people.

All molars and premolars have a structure for grinding food. They have elevated (~pointed) parts called cusps. These cusps are characteristics of the species in question, but in general they are found on the molars, and to a lesser extent on premolars.

Qinling Mountains

The Qinling Mountains (Traditional Chinese: 秦嶺, Simplified Chinese: 秦岭) are a major mountain range. Most of them are in the Eastern province of Shaanxi, in China. The mountains provide a natural boundary between the North and South of the country. They support a large variety of plants and wildlife, some of which is found nowhere else on Earth.

Love in This Club Part II

Love In This Club Part II is a 2008 R&B-pop song written by Amber Rives and Usher, and recorded by Usher for his album Here I Stand. The song features Beyoncé and Lil Wayne, and it is a remix of the original song, but the structure and lyrics of the song are completely different from the original: "Love in This Club", so the song's name was changed to "Love in This Club Part II".

Lower Silesian Voivodeship

Lower Silesian Voivodeship is one of the 16 Voivodeships of Poland. It can be found in the south-west Poland and in west Silesia (called Lower Silesia). The capital city is Wrocław. 

The voivodeship was created on 1 January 1999 out of the former Wrocław, Legnica, Wałbrzych and Jelenia Góra Voivodeships.

Karkonosze National Park and Stołowe Mountains National Park are both in Lower Silesian Voivodeship.

Air France-KLM

Air France-KLM is a French airline company that made a megafusion in 2004 with the Dutch airline company, KLM. They are both worth US$20 billion together.


Oberschleißheim

Oberschleißheim (Central Bavarian: "Obaschleißheim") is a municipality in the Munich Rural District in Upper Bavaria, Germany. The Schleissheim Palace is in Oberschleißheim.

Gräfelfing

Gräfelfing (Central Bavarian: "Grefefing") is a municipality in the Munich Rural District in Upper Bavaria, Germany. 

Neuried, Bavaria

Neuried (Central Bavarian: "Neiriad ba Minga") is a municipality in the Munich Rural District in Upper Bavaria in Germany.

Oberhaching

Oberhaching (Central Bavarian: "Obahaching") is a municipality in the Munich Rural District in Upper Bavaria, Germany.

Upper Bavaria

Upper Bavaria (, ; ) is one of seven government regions in Bavaria, Germany.

Rosenheim

Rosenheim (; ) is a city in Upper Bavaria, Germany. It does not belong to a rural district, but it is an urban district itself. The rivers Inn and Mangfall come together in Rosenheim.

Ansbach

Ansbach (; ; East Franconian: "Anschba") is a city in Middle Franconia, Germany.


Passau

Passau (; ) is a city in Lower Bavaria, Germany. It is also called the Three River City because there are three rivers in the city.

Kempten

Kempten (Central Bavarian: "Kempten" "im" "Allgai", Swabian: "Kempte im Allgai") is a town in Swabia, Germany.

Landshut

Landshut (; ) is a city in Lower Bavaria, Germany. there's also an song about Landshut "Landshut L.A"

Weiden in der Oberpfalz

Weiden in der Oberpfalz ( ]; official name: Weiden i.d.OPf.; Northern Bavarian: "Weidn in da Owapfalz" or "d Wein") is a city in the Upper Palatinate in Bavaria, Germany.

Straubing

Straubing (Bavarian: "Strauwing") is a city in Lower Bavaria, Germany.

Memmingen

Memmingen (Swabian: "Memmenge") is a city in Swabia in Bavaria, Germany. It is on the border to Baden-Württemberg.

Kaufbeuren

Kaufbeuren (Bavarian: "Kaufbeiren", Swabian: "Kaufbeire") is a city in Swabia in Bavaria, Germany.

USA Today

USA Today is a daily newspaper founded by Al Neuharth. It has the most readers of any daily newspaper in the United States. About 2.25 million copies are sold on a weekday. It comes second worldwide. "The Times of India" sells about 2.6 million copies on a weekday.

The paper was founded in 1982. It is more colorful than other national newspapers, like "The New York Times" or "Wall Street Journal". Its use of graphics makes its content rather like a tabloid.

The paper takes national polls before elections. It is connected, through its owners Gannet Company, to the TV show "USA Today". It also has a news website.

Cologne Cathedral

Cologne Cathedral (German: "Hohe Domkirche St. Petrus" or commonly "Kölner Dom") is a Roman Catholic cathedral in Cologne, Germany. It is the cathedral church for the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Cologne.

The cathedral has a height of 157.25 metres. This makes it the second-highest in Germany and the third-highest in the world. The cathedral in Ulm, the Ulm Minster at 161 metres is the highest in the world. The Basilica of Our Lady of Peace of Yamoussoukro is also higher, at 158 metres, but it only has the status of a minor basilica, it is not a cathedral.
The cathedral is also the third-biggest church, built in Gothic architecture. The Seville Cathedral in Seville, Spain, and the Milan Cathedral in Milan, Italy are bigger. 

The Cologne Cathedral was built in Gothic style from 15 August 1248. It was planned to make the cathedral like the one in Amiens. The choir was consecrated in 1322. The first bell could be hung in one of the towers shortly after 1410. Around 1510, the construction was stopped, because people had lost interest. The last payment for its construction was made in 1560.

For 300 years, Cologne had an unfinished cathedral. The cathedral was finished in 1880, still following the original plans.

The cathedral became a UNESCO World Heritage Site in 1996. 

The cathedral is one of the most popular sights in Germany. In 2001, there were five million visitors, in 2004, there were six million visitors. Pope Benedict XVI visited the cathedral in 2005.

T.N.T. (album)

T.N.T. is the second studio album by Australian hard rock band AC/DC, released in Australia December 1975.


Taxi (TV series)

Taxi is an American sitcom. It originally aired from 1978 to 1982 on ABC, and from 1982 to 1983 on NBC. The show is about the employees of a taxi company in Manhattan, New York City.

Amiens Cathedral

Cathedral Basilica of Our Lady of Amiens is a Roman Catholic cathedral in Amiens, France. It is most commonly called Amiens Cathedral. The cathedral was built between 1220 and 1270. 

Amiens Cathedral was listed as a UNESCO World Heritage Site in 1981. It is known for the quality and quantity of early 13th-century Gothic sculpture. 

With the cathedrals of Chartres and Reims it is considered one of the classical French cathedrals of the Middle Ages.

Auburn University

Auburn University is a university in the U.S. state of Alabama. Auburn University is in the city of Auburn, Alabama. People can usually just say "Auburn" for short when they are talking about the University. There are about 24,000 students in school at Auburn.

Auburn opened February 1, 1856 but was named the East Alabama Male College. The university changed the name many times until 1960 when it was named Auburn University. Auburn is one of three large universities in Alabama. The University of Alabama in Tuscaloosa, Alabama has the same number of students and the University of Alabama at Birmingham in Birmingham, Alabama is the third largest. Auburn University has 12 colleges on campus, including agriculture, architecture, business, education, engineering, forestry, human sciences, liberal arts, nursing, pharmacy, mathematics, and medicine.

The Auburn University sports teams are named the Auburn Tigers and the mascot is a tiger named Aubie.

Baltimore Orioles

The Baltimore Orioles are a Major League Baseball team from Baltimore, Maryland. They compete in the American League's AL East division. They began play in the early 1900s as the St. Louis Browns, a rival to the St. Louis Cardinals. They moved to Baltimore in 1954 and became the Orioles.

The "Baltimore Oriole" is an orange-and-black bird which is often seen in Maryland. "Orioles" has been a traditional nickname for Baltimore baseball teams. There was a Baltimore Orioles (19th century) in the major leagues. There was also a minor league baseball team called the Orioles which played from the early 1900s until the Browns moved to Baltimore.

The Browns were not a very successful team. They only won one league championship, in 1944. The Orioles have won several league championships and also won the World Series in 1966, 1970 and 1983.

Arizona Diamondbacks

The Arizona Diamondbacks are a Major League Baseball team based in Phoenix, Arizona. They were started in 1998. They play their home games at Chase Field. In 2001, they beat the New York Yankees to win their first (and only, so far) World Series, becoming the fastest new team to do this.

The team is also called the "D-Backs". They are named for the Diamondback Rattlesnake.


Atlanta Braves

The Atlanta Braves are a Major League baseball team based in Atlanta, Georgia. The Braves currently play just outside the city limits in the Cobb County community of Cumberland at Truist Park, which opened as SunTrust Park in 2017 and was renamed in 2020. From 1991 to 2005, the Braves won their division every year except for 1994 when the season ended early due to a players' strike. They have won four World Series championships. Their first was in 1914 over the Philadelphia Athletics. They won their second championship in 1957 when they beat the New York Yankees in seven games. In 1995, the Braves defeated the Cleveland Indians. In 2021, they defeated the Houston Astros for their fourth title. One famous player that was on the Braves was Hank Aaron, who played for the team from 1954 to 1976.

The Braves are the oldest team in major league baseball. They began in 1871 in Boston, Massachusetts. They were originally called the "Boston Red Stockings". Later, they were known as the "Boston Beaneaters". In 1912, they were renamed as the "Boston Braves". They moved to Milwaukee, Wisconsin in 1953, where they were known as the "Milwaukee Braves". They moved to Atlanta in 1966.


Colorado Rockies

The Colorado Rockies are a Major League Baseball team in Denver, Colorado. They are named for the Rocky Mountains, which are often called "The Rockies". Denver itself is within the Rocky Mountains, a mile above sea level.

The team began play in 1993. In 1995, they moved into their current ballpark, Coors Field. They made the playoffs five times, each time as a wild card. In 2007, the Rockies played in the World Series for the first (and so far, only) time. They were swept by the Boston Red Sox.


Miami Marlins

The Miami Marlins are a Major League Baseball team in Miami, Florida. The team began play in 1993. They were called the Florida Marlins through the 2011 baseball season. In November 2011, after the end of the season, they were renamed the Miami Marlins.

The marlin is a large sport fish that lives in warm parts of the ocean. There was once a minor league baseball team called the Miami Marlins. The major league team was named the "Marlins" in honor of the minor league team.

The Marlins' first home was Sun Life Stadium. They opened a new stadium in 2012 called Marlins Park, which became LoanDepot Park in 2021.

The Marlins won two World Series in 1997 and 2003.


Houston Astros

The Houston Astros are the professional baseball team based in Houston, Texas. They compete in Major League Baseball (MLB). They began to play in 1962. They were originally called the "Houston Colt .45s" or the "Houston Colts". They changed their name to "Astros" in 1965. The Astros left the National League and joined the American League in 2013. They are the first team in a long time to do this. The Astros play their home games at Minute Maid Park in Houston.

With the move to the American League in 2013, the Astros are the first team in Major League Baseball to win the pennant for both leagues. The Astros are generally considered one of the most dominant teams in baseball over the recent years.

In 2005, the Astros played in the World Series for the first time, where they were swept by the Chicago White Sox. They returned to the World Series in 2017, and this time, they defeated the Los Angeles Dodgers in seven games to capture their first World Series title in the wake of Hurricane Harvey. They returned to the World Series in 2019 and 2021, but lost to Washington Nationals and the Atlanta Braves, respectively. In 2022, the Astros returned to the World Series again and defeated the Philadelphia Phillies in six games to capture their second championship title in franchise history.


Dizzy Gillespie

John Birks "Dizzy" Gillespie (October 21, 1917 – January 6, 1993) was an American jazz trumpeter, bandleader, singer and composer.

As an instrumentalist, bandleader, singer, and composer, Gillespie was the youngest of nine children. His father was a local bandleader, so instruments were made available to him at an early age. He started to play the piano at the age of 9. 

Nicknamed Dizzy because of how he acts during performances, Gillespie set new standards for trumpet players with his innovative rhythmic and harmonic explorations. This definitive change moved American jazz from swing to 'bebop'. Together with Charlie Parker, he was a major figure in the development of modern jazz.

Gillespie died on January 6, 1993 at age 75 from pancreatic cancer. At the time of his death Gillespie had two funerals. One was a Bahá´í funeral at his request, at which his closest friends and colleagues attended. The second was at the Cathedral of St. John the Divine in New York City open to the public where everyone can attend.


Ganz Midwest-CBK

Ganz is a Canadian company best known for distributing plush animals and collectables. The headquarters of the company are north of Toronto in Woodbridge, Ontario. The company has many subsidiaries and offices. It is the manufacturer of "Webkinz", the toy with an Internet site.

Ganz was founded in Toronto in 1950 by Holocaust survivors Samuel Ganz and his sons Jack and Sam. Then it was called "Ganz Bros. Toys Limited". It is now run by the founder's grandson, Hoard Ganz.

John Dowland

John Dowland (born 1563; buried 20 February 1626) was an English composer and lutenist. He is best known for some beautiful songs which express his unhappiness such as "Come, heavy sleep", "Come Again, Sweet Love" and "Flow my tears". His instrumental music became very popular again in the 20th century.

We hardly know anything about Dowland's early life. He was probably born in London. He went to Paris in 1580 where he worked for the ambassador to the French court. He became a Roman Catholic at this time.

In 1594 the job of royal lutenist to Queen Elizabeth I became available. Dowland did not get the job. He said later that it was because he was a Catholic, but there were other Catholic musicians at the English court, so that may not have been the real reason. 

Dowland continued to work in Europe instead. He worked for the Duke of Brunswick-Lüneburg in Wolfenbüttel. He went to Italy where he wanted to study with Luca Marenzio in Rome. He went to Venice and Florence but never got as far as Rome. He published a book of lute music in 1597 which made him the most important English composer for the lute. However, he still did not get a job at the English court so he went to Denmark where he worked for King Christian IV of Denmark who paid him very well.

Dowland seems to have been married and he had children, although we do not know how many. His wife and family always stayed in England.

Dowland returned to England in 1606 and in 1612 got the job as one of James I's lutenists. Strangely, he does not seem to have composed anything between that time and his death in London in 1626. We do not know the date he died, but we do know the date when he was buried.

Most of Dowland's music is for his own instrument, the lute. It includes several books of music for solo lute, songs for one voice and lute, part-songs with lute accompaniment, and several pieces for viol consort with lute. 

Many of his best-known songs are full of sadness. One lute song is called "Flow My Tears". A very well-known instrumental work is "Lachrimae" (the Latin word for "tears"), a set of seven songs for five viols and lute, each based on the tune of his song "Flow My Tears." It became one of the best known pieces of consort music in his own time. His pavane "Lachrymae antiquae" was also one of the big hits of the seventeenth century.

Dowland's music often shows the melancholia that was so fashionable in music at that time. He wrote a consort piece called "Semper Dowland, semper dolens" (always Dowland, always unhappy).

Many later musicians have been inspired by Dowland's music, including Benjamin Britten and the pop musician Sting.


Partsong

A partsong is a piece of music to be sung by two or more voices without accompaniment. Many partsongs are written for four voices: normally soprano, alto, tenor and bass. Such a partsong can be performed just by four people, but it can also be performed by a larger group (a choir) which has divided into these four parts.

The term "partsong" can refer to music such as a glee, madrigal or unaccompanied anthem, but it is usually used in English when talking about short, secular (non-religious) songs without accompaniment. In other languages there is no word which means quite the same thing.

Partsongs were very popular in the 17th century in England. They were often fun pieces to be sung at parties or in pubs. They were often rounds, catches or quodlibets. In the 19th century the madrigal came into fashion again and so many composers started writing partsongs. Composers such as Sterndale Bennett, Arthur Sullivan, Parry, Charles Villiers Stanford and Edward Elgar wrote many partsongs, and later Finzi, John Ireland and Moeran.

In Europe many 19th century and early 20th century composers wrote songs which could be described as partsongs: Schubert, Schumann, Mendelssohn, Saint-Saëns, Debussy and Ravel.


Nin Cathedral

Nin Catheral is a cathedral in Nin, Croatia. It is probably the smallest cathedral ever built. It was built around 800, and probably was the seat of the local bishop at the time.

The small cathedral was built on the area of a former Roman basilica, destroyed during the barbarian invasions of Dalmatia in the VI century.
It measures by by inside. 

Neume

A Neume is a way to write music. Neumes were mainly in the Middle Ages before the modern system of musical notation was developed. Sometimes they are also called neum in English. Neumes are different from modern notation:

Today, neumes are still used for some chants in Christian Churches, especially Catholic and Eastern Orthodox ones

Masovian Voivodeship

Masovian Voivodeship is one of the 16 Voivodeships of Poland. It can be found in the east-central part of Poland. It is mostly in the historical land of Masovia. The capital of the Voivodeship is Warsaw.

The province was created on January 1, 1999. Kampinos National Park is in the province.

Steelyard

The Steelyard was a place in London for trading. It was commonly used by the Hanseatic League in the Middle Ages. Many of the buildings were damaged during the Great Fire of London in 1666.

It is on the North bank of the River Thames and is now used as a railway station. 

Hazard symbol

Hazard symbols are special symbols. They were made to warn people about dangers. Usually they are pictograms. Pictograms are small drawings that show what is happening (or what is going to happen, or what should happen) in a way that is easy to understand.

The European Union has made a few symbols that warn of dangers and that should be easy to understand. These are the hazard symbols for chemicals:

The 'n' in Harmful (Xn) stands for the French word "nocif" (harmful) and the Italian word "nocivo" (noxious).

Pictogram

A pictograph (sometimes also called pictogramme or pictogram) is a small drawing. Today, pictograms are used very often. Because they are independent of the language, they are often used where there are people who need to understand things, even if they do not read or speak the language. Pictograms are also often used where it is important to understand something fast. Sight is faster than reading. That way, pictograms are often used for signalling in emergency situations, such as showing emergency exits.

Common uses include those for road signs, airports, and train station, and warning signs. 

Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship

Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship is one of the 16 voivodeships of Poland. The name of the voivodeship came from local mountains called Świętokrzyskie Mountains. The capital city is Kielce.

Commensalism

Commensalism is a type of relationship between two organisms. In commensalism, one organism is helped while the other is not affected. In practice, it is difficult to show that the passive organism is not harmed. For example, some birds live in holes in trees. Does this damage the tree? Mites, which cannot fly, often hitch a ride on insects. Does this affect the
insect's fitness? There is no definite answer to such questions. 

Orchids, mosses, and lichens all grow on tropical trees. They need sunlight, and by being higher up they get to the sunlight. All that can be said for sure is that the trees continue to live and reproduce, and so it is assumed that these epiphytes do not affect their host plant.

Pierre-Joseph van Beneden (18091894) introduced the term into evolutionary biology and ecology in the 1870s.

Amensalism is a symbiotic relationship in which one organism is harmed or inhibited and the other is unaffected. Examples of amensalism include the shading out of one plant by a taller and wider one and the inhibition of one plant by the secretions of another (known as allelopathy). 


820s

The 820s was a decade that began on 1 January 820 and ended on 31 December 829.


Lindane

Lindane is an insecticide. It can be used to kill insects. The European Union allows its use as an insecticide since 2008. This is because it takes a very long time to decay. Checks are now getting done to see how bad to humans it really is. It can cause diseases such as Cancer or Parkinson's disease. 

The World Health Organization classifies Lindane as "Moderately Hazardous". International trade with it is restricted and regulated under the Rotterdam Convention on Prior Informed Consent. Over 50 countries have banned it. It might be included in Stockholm Convention on persistent organic pollutants. This would make it illegal to produce or use it all over the world.

Fumaric acid

Fumaric acid is a chemical substance that occurs in various plants. It also occurs as a by-product at various times in the human body. In chemistry it is used for food preservation. It is known as E 297. Usually it replaces citric acid. In medicine, it is used to treat various diseases of the skin, such as Psoriasis. 

Albert Szent-Györgyi was awarded the Nobel Prize for Chemistry in 1937 because of his work on Fumaric acid.

Tinia

Tinia (also spelled Tin, Tinh, Tins or Tina) was the supreme deity in Etruscan mythology. He was the god of the sky and lightning, equivalent to the Roman Jupiter and the Greek Zeus. He was the husband of Thalna or Uni and the father of the hero Hercle. The element tin was named after Tinia.


Endospore

An endospore is a structure made by bacteria for survival purposes. Bacteria turn to endosporea when they undergo stress, such as an increase in heat or lack of nutrients. This process is known as sporulation. Endospores are small, rounded, resting cells that form inside bacteria when conditions become unbearable. They have a tough coating which makes it resistant to radiation (like X-rays and UV light), chemicals, heat, salt concentration and extreme pH. Endospores have calcium dipicolinate in them, which keeps the DNA stable. It is not fully understood what causes it to be so resistant.

A bacterial cell will make an endospore when it is low on food so it can survive until there is more food available in the environment. An endospore will actually contain all of the important parts of the bacterial cell, such as its DNA. Only two genera of bacteria can undergo sporulation to form endospores. They are the "Bacillus" and "Clostridium" species. Bacteria that can form endospores but are not in the endospore state are known to be in their vegetative state.

Endospores are highly dangerous bio-terrorist weapons. This is because they are smaller than the vegetative state. A bacterium, in itself, is already smaller than a eukaryotic cell. Therefore, considering the small size of endospore, a small volume of it can already contain a large quantity of it. Endospores are hard to eradicate.

The bacteria cell does fission and conjugation. Fission is a form of reproduction. Conjugation is not considered reproduction.

WonderSwan Color

The WonderSwan Color is a handheld video game system. It was made by Bandai in 2000. It was a little bigger than the old WonderSwan.

The an Color came in 5 basic colors: Pearl Blue, Crystal Pink, Crystal Black, Crystal Blue, and Crystal Orange.

Gel electrophoresis

Gel electrophoresis is a technique used to separate mixtures like DNA and proteins. The separation is based on how positively or how negatively charged a molecule is, and its size. Gel electrophoresis uses a gel (like gelatin) and an electric field is put through the gel. 

The word electrophoresis comes from –electro, because an electric field is used, and –phoresis, which means movement.

The gel is made up of large and branched molecules called polymers. The amount of branches in the gel determines how easily molecules can squeeze through, depending on their size. 

If there are a lot of branches, small molecules will be able to move through easily while big molecules will move through slowly or not at all. If there are few branches, both big and small molecules can move through more easily.

If a large molecule has a big charge, its attraction to the opposite charge is also large. But, since the molecule is large, it will have a difficult time moving through the thick gel. In gel electrophoresis, large molecules are going to move slower. 

A small charged molecule will move through the gel more easily. Shorter molecules move faster and move further than longer ones because shorter molecules get through the pores of the gel more easily. This phenomenon is called "sieving".

If the molecule does not have any charge, it will not move.

After the gel has been run by applying the electric field, you can look to see where the molecules have moved to. To do this, different stains can be applied to the gel: this allows the molecules to be seen. The stain makes the places where the molecules moved to appear as colored bands. Stains that are used to look at proteins, such as Coomassie blue, can often been seen by the human eye under normal light. Stains that are used to look at DNA, such as ethidium bromide and GelGreen, can only be seen with the help of an ultraviolet lamp.

Gel electrophoresis is the most commonly used technique to study DNA. DNA is a very large molecule that contains genetic information. DNA can be broken down to smaller pieces of different sizes and these pieces are then separated using gel electrophoresis. DNA always has a negative charge, and moves towards the anode.

Proteins are large and complex molecules made of amino acids. Proteins can be studied by gel electrophoresis in two ways. One way is to take a mixture of proteins and separate them in the gel. The other way is to break down a single protein into smaller pieces. The smaller pieces can then be separated in the gel. Proteins can be positively or negatively charged. To separate proteins by size only, protein mixtures can be coated with a chemical called sodium dodecyl sulfate (SDS) to give all proteins a negative charge before putting the mixture into the gel.

In medicine, there is a special type of electrophoresis called iontophoresis. Iontophoresis uses the same idea of gel electrophoresis to deliver drugs into the human body through the skin without using needles to inject the drug.

Heinrich Schliemann

Heinrich Schliemann (January 6, 1822, in Neubukowin, Germany - December 26, 1890, in Naples) was a German archaeologist. He is famous for his work in discovering the ancient city of Troy.

Heinrich Schliemann was born in Neubukowin, Germany. His father, Ernst Schliemann, was a minister. His mother, Luise Therese Sophie Schliemann, died in 1831 when Heinrich was 9 years old. When his mother died, Heinrich lived with his uncle in Neustrelitz. He went to a grammar school in the town for about a year. His father paid the school fees. Heinrich was very interested in history and was encouraged by his father to read history books. After he left school, he worked in a shop in Fürstenberg for about five years. He worked hard as an apprentice, but he continued to read in his spare time.

He was not able to work as an archaeologist at this time, so he moved to a company which imported and exported products. In this job, he visited many different countries around the world, and learnt to speak English, French, Dutch, Spanish, Portuguese, Swedish, Italian, Greek, Latin, Russian, Arabic, and Turkish. His ability to speak languages was very important in his job. He later studied Latin and Ancient Greek in Paris.

In 1850, Heinrich's brother, Ludwig Schliemann, died, having got rich in the California Gold Rush. He moved to Sacramento, where he opened a bank, just like his brother. The new bank bought gold dust and sold it on to make money. In six months, the bank bought and sold millions of dollars' worth of gold dust.

Heinrich married his wife, Ekaterina, in 1852, but the marriage was troubled. Ekaterina kept encouraging her husband to make more money, but Heinrich felt that they were rich enough.

Nobody knows how Heinrich became an archaeologist, but he continued to travel to see famous historical icons around the world. He even disguised himself to get into Mecca, the holy Muslim city. He became very interested in Troy, which was involved in a big dispute at the time. He was inspired by many people in the city, especially Ferdinand Fouqué and Frank Calvert, who he met in 1868.

Many reports have said Heinrich buried a 'treasure' he found in Troy, dubbed Priam's gold.

Cyclone Nargis

Cyclone Nargis was a tropical cyclone. It was the first in the Indian Ocean in 2008. It was a Category 4 storm. It made landfall (went on land) in Myanmar (Burma) in April and May 2008. It was possibly one of the worst storms to have hit the country.

The United Nations estimated in its report that 1.5 million people were severely affected by this cyclone. Officially at least 78,000 were killed with 58,000 missing. After the disaster, the Burmese government called for help in dealing with the situation. Some people said the government had problems coping with the situation.

More recent reports from the government say that about 80,000 have died. Some non-governmental organizations estimate that the final number will be well over 100,000. Aid workers that came into the country estimate that 2 to 3 million are homeless, in the worst disaster in Burma’s history. They say it is comparable with the 2004 Indian Ocean tsunami. Andrew Kirkwood, country director of a British charity organisation said: ""We're looking at 50,000 dead and millions of homeless. I'd characterise it as unprecedented in the history of Burma. [It has had about the same effect as] the tsunami on individual countries. There might well be more dead than the tsunami caused in Sri Lanka."" The United Nations said that up to 2.5 million people needed help urgently. The Red Cross said there could be up to 128,000 dead.

The storm caused the government to declare five regions as disaster areas. - Yangon, Ayeyarwady, Bago Divisions, Mon and Kayin States. Thousands of buildings were destroyed; in the town of Labutta, located in the Ayeyarwady Division, state television reported that 75% of buildings had collapsed, and 20% had their roofs ripped off. It is believed that the cyclone is the deadliest tropical cyclone in the world since Hurricane Mitch in 1998, which killed about 18,000 people. At least 10,000 people have been reported to have died in the delta town of Bogale.

A diplomat in the city of Yangon spoke to the Reuters news agency. He said that the area around him looked like a 'war zone' as a result of the cyclone. Burst sewage mains caused the landscape to flood with waste, ruining the rice crop. An official from the United Nations also talked about the situation, at the time of the event. "It's a bad situation. Almost all the houses are smashed. People are in a terrible situation," he said. Another UN representative reported that "The Irrawaddy delta was hit extremely hard not only because of the wind and rain but because of the storm surge." The "Daily Telegraph", a UK newspaper, reported that food prices in Myanmar could be affected by this disaster.

On 6 May 2008, the Burma government representation in New York formally asked the United Nations for help. But in other ways, it remains resistant to the most basic assistance. As of 7 May 2008, the government of Burma has not officially endorsed international assistance, but stated that they are, "willing to accept international assistance, preferably bilateral, government to government." The biggest challenge at present was obtaining visas for entry into the country.

According to Thai Rath Newspaper of Thailand on 8 May 2008, in the afternoon (Bangkok time) of 7 May 2008, the Burmese junta permitted Italian flights containing relief supplies from the United Nations, and twenty-five tonnes of consumable goods, to land in Myanmar. However, many nations and organizations hoped to deliver assistance and relief to Burma without delay. Most of their officials, supplies and stores were waiting in Thailand and at the Yangon airport, as the Burmese junta did not want to issue visas for many of those people. These political tensions raise the concern that some food and medical supplies might become unusable, even before the Burmese junta officially accepts the international relief effort.

It happened on 2 May 2008. The storm was estimated to be category 4 (105 mph) Cyclone Nargis Caused destruction and at least 138,000 fatalities. There were around 55,000 people missing and lots of other deaths were found in other places. In Sri Lanka the cyclone produced masses of rainfall which led to flooding and landslides across ten districts across the country. The districts Ratnapura and Kegalle were the most affected, where more than 3,000 families were dead. Thousands of houses were flooded, with 21 reported destroyed. The rainfall left 4,500 people homeless, and more than 35,000 people were affected on the island. Three people were reported injured on the island, with two others dead. The power of the cyclone lowered temperatures along the Indian coastline. Estimates of the people still missing were 53,836, with 84,537 confirmed dead. Thousands more people were still missing or washed out at sea and drowned, it was feared up to 1 million people might have died in this disaster. Thailand sent US $100,000 in supplies, thirty tones of medical supplies and twelve tones of food supplies. As well as this, Italy provided 30 tons of emergency relief equipment, like stretchers, generators, and water purifiers. The United Kingdom committed ₤17 million. Australia gave $25 million and 31 tonnes of supplies, whilst Belgium sent €250,000. China sent $10 million in relief resources. France gave 1,500 tons of medicine, food, and water, and Germany sent $3.0 million. All to help the people who had been affected.


Toilet paper

Toilet paper is soft paper, used to wipe urine or feces after using the toilet. It is usually sold in white rolls, made up of square sheets. Modern toilet paper is very absorbent (and also very thin) and is designed to break up in the sewage system. The paper is often available in different textures and colours. One square sheet of toilet paper is called a "ply". 4-ply toilet paper has a thickness of 4 square sheets of toilet paper.
There was a shortage in 2020 because of the covid 19 virus, its shortage was also caused by people rushing to buy toilet paper.

In former times people had no toilet paper and used other things. The Greeks, for example, used stones or human hair, Germans used leaves and straw. Some people used maize leaves. Some used sand instead of toilet paper.
In the Middle Ages people used moss and the rich ones preferred sheep wool. In the 6th century AD, people in China were the first to use paper for hygiene, but at the time it wasn't specially designed to clean feces. The first toilet paper was produced in China in the 14th century. In 1857 Joseph Gayetty produced toilet paper in cartons in the USA. The first rolls of toilet paper were produced in 1890 in Great Britain. In many parts of the world, newspaper is used instead of toilet paper.

Fox Interactive

Fox Interactive was a video game publisher and developer that made games based on 20th Century Fox works, such as "The Simpsons". The company was founded in December 1994. It went out of business in 2006.

Sauropod

Sauropoda are an infraorder of saurischian ("lizard-hipped") dinosaurs. They had very long necks, long tails, small heads (in comparison to the rest of their body), and thick, pillar-like legs and peg-like teeth.

They are notable for the enormous size of some species. The group includes the largest animals ever to have lived on land. Well-known genera include "Brachiosaurus", "Diplodocus", "Apatosaurus" and "Brontosaurus". 

Sauropods first appeared in the Upper Triassic period. Their probable ancestral group was the Prosauropoda.

By the Upper Jurassic (150 million years ago), sauropods had become widespread (especially the diplodocids and brachiosaurids). 

By the Upper Cretaceous, the diplodocids and brachiosaurs been replaced by the titanosaurs, which had a near-global distribution. They were larger relatives of the brachiosaurs. As with all other non-avian dinosaurs, the titanosaurs died out in the Cretaceous–Paleogene extinction event. Fossilised remains of sauropods have been found on every continent, including Antarctica. 

The name Sauropoda was coined by O.C. Marsh in 1878. Sauropods are one of the most recognizable groups of dinosaurs, and have become a fixture in popular culture due to their large sizes. Complete sauropod fossil finds are rare. Many species, especially the largest, are known only from isolated and disarticulated bones. Many near-complete specimens lack heads, tail tips and limbs.

Most studies in the 19th and early 20th centuries suggested that sauropods were too large to have supported their weight on land, and therefore that they must have been mainly aquatic. Most life restorations of sauropods in art through the first three quarters of the 20th century depicted them fully or partially immersed in water. 

This early notion was doubted by Kermack (1951). He showed that, if the animal were submerged in several metres of water, the pressure would be enough to fatally collapse the lungs and airway. However, this and other early studies of sauropod ecology had a flaw. They ignored evidence that the bodies of sauropods had many air sacs. In 1878, paleontologist E.D. Cope had even referred to these structures as "floats".

Beginning in the 1970s, the effects of sauropod air sacs on their lifestyle began to be explored. Evidence from sedimentology and biotechnology showed that sauropods were primarily terrestrial animals. In 2004 D.M. Henderson noted that, with their extensive system of air sacs, sauropods could not submerge their bodies completely below the surface of the water. in other words, they would float. So they would not have been in danger of lung collapse due to water pressure when swimming.

Evidence for swimming in sauropods comes from fossil trackways that have occasionally been found to preserve only the forefeet (manus) impressions. Henderson showed that such trackways can be explained by sauropods with long forelimbs floating in shallow water, deep enough to keep the shorter hind legs free of the bottom, and using the front limbs to punt forward. However, floating sauropods would have been very unstable and poorly adapted for long periods in the water.

There definitely is evidence that they preferred wet and coastal habitats. Sauropod footprints are commonly found following coastlines or crossing floodplains. Sauropod fossils are often found in wet environments or mixed with fossils of sea animals. A good example of this is be the massive Jurassic sauropod trackways in lagoon deposits on Scotland's Isle of Skye.

With much evidence, sauropods lived in groups, often large groups. They lived as a group, laid their eggs in the same places year after year, and were followed by bipedal theropods who preyed on them. Their breeding grounds had many thousands of eggs, and were laid at a particular time of the year. The cycle was repeated year after year. This suggests a seasonality in their behaviour, and also that their group behaviour was part of their defence against predators ("safety in numbers"). The evidence for all this is now overwhelming.

Evidence shows that some other groups of herbivores also had group behaviour, moved from place to place, and laid their eggs in the same or similar places each year. This group behaviour of dinosaurs is also a feature in most birds today.

There is a long-running debate about sauropod necks. How flexible were they, how high or low was the neck in life: these are some of the issues. Many displays in museums are faulty. A review of the issues is available in free text.

Here's another view: "Sauropods held their necks erect".

Blockade

A blockade is a physical blockage of a port or other place. Usually used of enemy ships surrounding a port.

By extension, a blockade is any effort to make sure that supplies, troops, information or aid do not reach an opposing force. Blockades are used in nearly all military campaigns and the tool of choice for economic warfare on an opposing nation. The International Criminal Court planned to include blockades against coasts and ports in its list of acts of war in 2009.

Historical blockades include:


Bursa, Turkey

Bursa is a city in northwestern Turkey and the seat of Bursa Province. The population of city is about 2 million. It has a mixed humid subtropical climate (Köppen climate classification: "Cfa") and a hot-summer Mediterranean climate (Köppen climate classification: "Csa"). Bursa is the fourth largest city, and also one of the most industrialized cities in the country. Sometimes the city is called "Yeşil Bursa" which means "Green Bursa" because of the large parks, forests and gardens in the urban area of the city. Bursa is home of Uludağ University. Uludağ is an important ski resort in Turkey and is a national park to protect the nature in the mountainous area.

2008 United States presidential election

The 2008 United States presidential election happened on November 4, 2008. Barack Obama, the Democratic candidate and junior U.S. Senator from Illinois, won the election. He defeated John McCain, the Republican candidate, who was the senior U.S. Senator from Arizona. Obama's victory in this election made him the first African-American president.

Incumbent Republican President George W. Bush was not eligible to serve a third term by law. McCain secured the Republican nomination by March 2008, defeating former governors Mitt Romney, Mike Huckabee, and other challengers. Obama secured the Democratic nomination in June 2008, after facing strong competition against former First Lady and Senator from New York Hillary Clinton. Clinton's victory in the New Hampshire primary made her the first woman to win a major party's presidential primary.

Obama won a decisive victory over McCain. He won states that had not voted for the Democratic presidential candidate since 1964 (Indiana and Virginia) and 1976 (North Carolina). Obama won nine states that had voted Republican in 2004: Colorado, Florida, Indiana, Iowa, Nevada, New Mexico, North Carolina, Ohio, and Virginia, as well as Nebraska's 2nd congressional district. He received the largest share of the popular vote won by a Democrat since Lyndon B. Johnson in 1964 and was the first Democrat to win an outright majority of the popular vote since Jimmy Carter in 1976. Obama won 69.5 million votes, the most ever won by a presidential candidate; this total would be surpassed in 2020 by both Joe Biden and Donald Trump.

 of the United States Constitution provides that for a person to be elected and serve as President of the United States, the individual must be a natural-born citizen of the United States, at least 35 years old, and a resident of the United States for a period of no less than 14 years.

Candidates for the presidency typically seek the nomination of one of the various political parties of the United States, in which case each party devises a method (such as a primary election) to choose the candidate the party deems best suited to run for the position. The party's delegates then officially nominate a candidate to run on the party's behalf.

President George W. Bush was unable to seek re-election for a third term because of the Twenty-second Amendment to the United States Constitution, which states that a president may only serve up to two terms. His term as president ended at noon eastern standard time on January 20, 2009.

The candidates running for the nomination of the Democratic Party were Barack Obama, Hillary Clinton, John Edwards, Joe Biden, Dennis Kucinich, Mike Gravel, Chris Dodd, and Bill Richardson.

The main contest during the Democratic primaries was between Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton, which was a very close race. Clinton won the popular vote, but ultimately Obama won more unpledged delegates and therefore the nomination.

All candidates except Mike Gravel, who switched to the Libertarian Party during the election, supported Barack Obama.

Barack Obama chose Joe Biden as the vice-presidential candidate on August 23, 2008.


The candidates running for the nomination of the Republican Party were John McCain, Mitt Romney, Mike Huckabee, Ron Paul, Rudy Giuliani, Fred Thompson, Tom Tancredo, Alan Keyes, Jim Gilmore, Sam Brownback, and Duncan Hunter.

Republican President George W. Bush was unable to run for re-election since a president is only able to be elected twice. Vice president Dick Cheney chose not to run.

Most of the candidates withdrew early. As a result, John McCain, Mike Huckabee, and Mitt Romney emerged as the three people most likely to win the nomination. Ron Paul became popular among libertarians.

John McCain was nominated by the Republican Party (by a decisive victory).

He chose Sarah Palin as the vice-presidential candidate.


The biggest issue during the campaign was the bad economy. Other issues included health care, the Iraq War, the war on terrorism, and energy independence.

The president during the election, George W. Bush (who eventually supported John McCain), was very unpopular due to the 2007-09 Great Recession, and because of that, the Obama campaign compared McCain to Bush several times.

There were four television debates during the campaign: three of them were between the two presidential candidates, and one of them was between the two vice-presidential candidates.

<nowiki>*</nowiki>NE-02 is Nebraska's 2nd Congressional District.

<nowiki>**</nowiki>Nebraska cast 4 ECVs for McCain and 1 for Obama.



2008 Democratic Party presidential primaries

The Democratic Party presidential primaries of 2008 was an American political event. In various states, various Democratic candidates asked people and delegates to vote for them in primaries and caucuses. Candidates won delegates based on a percentage of votes (in primaries). There were 4,233 delegates. A candidate would have to get 2,110 delegates to win the nomination. The two front-runners of the campaign were New York Senator Hillary Clinton and Illinois Senator Barack Obama. Although Clinton led in the beginning, Obama soon gained the lead. Obama went on to become the first African-American presidential candidate in American history.

Theodor Schwann

Theodor Swan (7 December 1800 – 11 January 1880) was a english scientist who isolated and named the enzyme He also played a key role in promoting the idea of the cell as the foundation of. His work on the cell has recently been re-assessed, because the idea had been discussed before him.

Cells were discovered by (1635–1703). He used a compound microscope with two to look at the structure of cork, and to look at leaves and some insects. He did this from about 1660, and reported it in his book "Micrographica" in 1665. 

Many other naturalists and philosophers tried out the new instrument. The structure of plants was investigated by Nehemiah Grew (1641–1712) and Marcello Malpighi (1628–1694). Grew's major work was "The anatomy of plants" (1682). It is not clear who first saw animal cells, Malpighi, Jan Swammerdam (1637–1680) or Antonie van Leeuwenhoek (1632–1723).

Leeuwenhoek's discoveries and drawings of 'little animalcules' opened up a whole new world for naturalists. Protozoa, and microorganisms generally were discovered. Christian Gottfried Ehrenberg's book "Die Infusionsthierchen" summarised what was known in 1838. Lorenz Oken (1779–1851) in 1805 wrote that infusoria (microscopic forms) were the basis of all life. 

The work of the Czech Jan Purkyně (1787–1869) and his student and collaborator Gabriel Valentin (1810–1883) was "unjustly denigrated by the nationalistic Germans. They have a claim to some priority in the cell theory". 

Johannes Müller (1801–1858) also made great contributions. It was, however, his student Theodor Schwann and Matthias Schleiden (1804–1881) who got the credit for the "cell theory", despite the fact that some of their observations were not correct, and their credits to previous workers were "a travesty". "As understood now", the cell theory includes these important ideas:

The key works of Schwann and Schleiden were published in 1838 and 1839.
These ideas still are the basic ideas of cell theory.

Dubbo

Dubbo () is a large town in the central west area of New South Wales, Australia. Dubbo has a campus of the Charles Sturt University. A major tourist attraction in Dubbo is the Taronga Western Plains Zoo.

Antiwar.com

Antiwar.com is an English language website containing news and opinions related to the opposition to war. The site was founded in December of 1995, as a response to the Bosnian War.

Justin Raimondo is a founder and editorial director.


Barium chloride

Barium chloride is a chemical substance. It is among the most important salts of barium. It is soluble in water. It is a poison. When it is heated, it gives a yellow or green color to the flame. It is hygroscopic, meaning that it attracts water from the air. It is mainly used to purify brine but applications include fireworks. 

Barium chloride is toxic. Sodium sulfate may be an antidote.

North Atlantic Treaty

The North Atlantic Treaty is the treaty that founded NATO. It was signed in Washington, DC on April 4, 1949. 
The original twelve nations that signed it and thus became the founding members of NATO were the following:

Later the following nations joined:

When Germany was reunified in 1990, the country as a whole became a member of NATO.
The key section of the treaty was Article V which says that each member state has to consider an armed attack against one state to be an armed attack against all states. The treaty was created with an armed attack by the Soviet Union against Western Europe in mind, but the mutual self-defense clause was never used during the Cold War. It was used for the first time in 2001 when the September 11, 2001 attacks against the World Trade Center and The Pentagon had taken place.
In the United States, the treaty was approved by the Senate in a vote of 82 to 13 on July 21, 1949.



Blockade of Germany

The blockade of Germany was part of the First Battle of the Atlantic between the United Kingdom and Germany during World War I.

The British established a naval blockade of Germany early in the war. As was shown later in the Battle of Jutland, the German fleet could not defeat the British fleet to break the blockade. The blockade was unusually restrictive in that even food was stopped, as it was said to help the war. The Germans regarded that as an attempt to starve the German people into submission. They wanted to fight back and so blockaded Britain and France.

As Germany could not fight with the huge British Royal Navy on an even basis, the only possible way for Germany to impose a blockade on Britain was through the submarines. The Chancellor of Germany was against that sort of blockade because it meant attacking neutral ships, such as those of the United States, as well. However, the military pushed unlimited submarine warfare forward.

On 4 February 1915, Kaiser Wilhelm II of Germany declared the seas around the British Isles a war zone. Effective 18 February, Allied ships in the area would be sunk without warning. British ships hiding behind neutral flags would not be spared, but some effort would be made to avoid sinking clearly-neutral vessels.

Up to 750,000 civilians may have died because of starvation caused by the blockade during the war. Many more would die from starvation after the armistice in November 1918, as the blockade was continued into 1919 to force Germany to sign the Treaty of Versailles in June 1919.

The German U-boat force was primarily based at Ostend, Belgium so that German submarines had better access to the sea lanes around England. The Germans made use of the advantage and sent out about 20 U-boats to begin the naval blockade. In January, before the declaration of "unrestricted submarine warfare", as the submarine blockade was called, 43,550 tonnes of shipping had been sunk by U-boats. The number of sinkings then steadily increased, with 168,200 tonnes going down in August.

Losses of British warships were small. Although the battleship "Formidable" had been sunk by "U-24" on New Year's Day, the fast destroyer screens soon made successful attacks on battleships and cruisers a thing of the past. On the other hand, there was little a Royal Navy warship could do to sink a U-boat if the submarine's captain was reasonably alert. The U-boat was generally safe from shelling once it had submerged. It could be rammed if it were at periscope depth, but ramming was hardly a reasonable tactic as a standard practice.

Destroyers could not hunt the U-boats as they were protecting the fleet and so the British pressed every vessel they could into service, including yachts and trawlers, as auxiliary patrol vessels. However, the U-boats easily evaded the patrols and sank merchant vessels traveling unescorted.

Militarily, unrestricted submarine warfare proved to be a great success, and the U-boats stood a good chance of starving Britain into surrender. However, in terms of the propaganda war, it was a great disaster for Germany.

The Americans wanted to stay out of the European war, but public opinion turned against Germany, as unrestricted submarine warfare seemed to confirm the German reputation for brutality. The deaths of American citizens travelling on British vessels that were torpedoed by U-boats began to make headlines in the US.

On 7 May 1915, the British liner "RMS Lusitania" was sunk by a German submarine, American outrage brought the the country closer to declaring war on Germany. Under threat of US retaliation, on 27 August, the Kaiser imposed severe restrictions on U-boats attacks against large passenger vessels. On 18 September, he called off unrestricted submarine warfare completely.

Under military pressure on Germany early in 1917, the Kaiser declared full unrestricted submarine warfare once more. Some German diplomats believed that the Americans would avoid war at all costs, and if not, germany could hopefully Germany bring Britain to its knees before American power made much difference in Europe. In February, 86 vessels were sunk, followed by 103 in March and then 155 in April. The US finally declared war on Germany in April 1917 after the Zimmermann Telegram. The Americans and the British together later defeated the U-boats.

LeBron James

LeBron Raymone James Sr. (born December 30, 1984) is an American professional basketball player who plays in the National Basketball Association (NBA) on the Los Angeles Lakers. He is married with Savannah Brinson James and has 3 children. They are Bronny James, Bryce James, and Zhuri James. He is also a film producer and a business man. Among the best basketball players of the twenty-first century, he has a lot of experience. Both and Train wreck featured him as himself. He is the proprietor of the SpringHill Company.

The Cleveland Cavaliers picked him in the 2003 NBA Draft with the first pick in the draft, not only for his athletics ability but for the revenue he could bring to the team and city. James did not play college basketball, and entered the NBA Draft immediately after high school. He went to high school in Akron, Ohio.

James played with the Cavaliers for his first seven seasons. During that time, he was one of the NBA's top scorers. He was selected as an All-Star several times. In 2007, he led Cleveland to the NBA Finals. He was the Most Valuable Player (MVP) of the NBA for the 2008-09 NBA season and 2009-10 NBA season. In his MVP years, Cleveland had the best record in the NBA, but did not make it to the NBA Finals.

On July 8, 2010, on a show in ESPN called "The Decision" LeBron said that he would next play for the Miami Heat. On December 2, 2010, James played in Cleveland for the first time since leaving, scoring 38 points for the Heat as they beat the Cavaliers, 118-90. Many fans angry at James for leaving Cleveland booed him throughout the game and held up signs with negative statements against James.

In the 2011 season the Miami Heat came in second place right behind the Chicago Bulls lead by Derrick Rose in the NBA. They made it to the finals of the NBA and lost in six games to the Dallas Mavericks This caused celebration in Cleveland because they hated LeBron for what he did to them.

In the 2012 Finals, LeBron James won his first championship after the Miami Heat defeated the Oklahoma City Thunder 4-1 games, after battling with the Boston Celtics 4-3 games the previous round. The next year, LeBron James won his second title when the Heat defeated the San Antonio Spurs in seven games. In both years he won the MVP title of finals and of regular season.

In 2014, James competed a good season but he wasn't the MVP. In the 2014 Finals, the Heat's Finals streak ended after being defeated by the San Antonio Spurs in five games (4-1). Shortly after those Finals had ended, LeBron James said he would use an early termination option in his contract, leaving the Miami Heat and becoming a free agent. He said this on June 24, 2014.

Then, on June 25, 2014, in a first-person essay in "Sports Illustrated," he said he would return to the Cleveland Cavaliers. On July 12, 2014, James signed a two-year, $42.1 million contract to return to the Cavaliers. The deal also contains an option to become a free agent again after the 2014–15 NBA season. LeBron now plays on the Los Angeles Lakers.

In 2015, he took the Cleveland Cavaliers to the NBA Finals, without Kevin Love but lost to the Golden State Warriors in 6 games after losing Kyrie Irving after he had an ankle injury. He led the Cleveland Cavaliers to an NBA championship after being down 3-1 games to their first-ever title in 2016 and later played a crucial role in bringing glory to the Los Angeles Lakers. No team had ever come back from a 3-1 deficit in the Finals before. He had a historic moment where he blocked Andre Iguodala on possibly the game winning layup. The Cavaliers went on to lose to the Golden State Warriors the following season. Now with the Lakers he passed Kobe Bryant.

On August 18, 2022, James re-signed with the Los Angeles Lakers on a two-year, $97.1M deal. The contract extension made James the highest-paid athlete in NBA history at $528.9M, surpassing Kevin Durant in all-time earnings.

In 2021, James starred in "" where he played a version of himself.

LeBron is widely considered to be the greatest basketball player of all time, as well as one of the most influential athletes and sports players in the world.

On February 7, 2023, James surpassed Kareem Abdul-Jabbar's 38,387-point total during a game against the Oklahoma City Thunder. Currently, LeBron is staying at 39,747, which is 1360 higher than Kareem Abdul-Jabbar. He was the youngest player to reach this point. He is also well known for his assists, and with 10,759, he is now the player with the fourth-most assistances. 

James and Michael Jordan are the only players to win an NBA MVP award, NBA title, NBA Finals MVP, and Olympic gold medal in the same calendar year. The USA would go on to win the Olympics twice.

Since even before he made his NBA debut, James has been associated with Nike. In 2003, he agreed to a seven-year contract with the business that was worth little under $90 million. Many people at the time questioned whether Nike put a little too much faith in an 18-year-old who had never played a professional game. LeBron became one of the biggest players in the NBA and a four-time MVP as a result of the risk, which paid off brilliantly.

James has been a success for Nike off the court as well, in addition to on it. Until now the sales of his signature sneaker reached $340 million between February 2014 and January 2015, making him the highest-paid employee at the company.


Silesian Voivodeship

Silesian Voivodeship Silesia Province is one of the 16 Voivodeships of Poland. It can be found in the south Poland and in east Silesia (called Upper Silesia). The capital city is Katowice. 

First Battle of the Atlantic

The First Battle of the Atlantic (1914–1918) was a naval campaign of World War I, largely fought in the seas around the British Isles and in the Atlantic Ocean. Both the German Empire and United Kingdom relied heavily on imports to feed their population and supply their war industry; thus both aimed to blockade each other. The British had the Royal Navy which was superior in numbers and could operate within the British Empire. The German Navy could not destroy the British Navy, as seen at the Battle of Jutland.

The German fleet mainly used unrestricted submarine warfare. Neutral countries disliked the blockades and the sinking of RMS Lusitania especially angered the United States. The successful blockade of Germany contributed to its military defeat in 1918, and still in effect, enforced also the signing of the Treaty of Versailles in mid-1919.

Grand Total 12,850,814 gross tons

Note that unrestricted submarine warfare was resumed in February 1917 and the British began full-scale convoying in September 1917. The heaviest losses were suffered in April 1917 when a record 881,027 tons were sunk by the U-boats.

Source: Fayle, C. Ernest, "Seaborn Trade", Vol. 3, p. 465, Table I[a]; London: John Murray, 1924.



Sukhoi

Sukhoi is a company that primarily makes fighter jets for the Russian Air Force, and many other countries like China, India, Algeria, and Malaysia. Sukhoi has made some of the world's most popular fighter jets, mainly the Su-27. Most of Sukhoi's shareholdings belong in other countries than Russia.

The United States has bought aircraft from Sukhoi for aggressive training operations. However, Sukhoi sold aircraft to Iran, and thus the United States banned Sukhoi from ever doing business with them again.

Biomedical engineering

Biomedical engineering is the study of medical equipment used in an environment of care or training and how this equipment interfaces with the human body. BE applies electrical, mechanical, optical, chemical, & other engineering principles to understand, modify, or control biological systems

"Biomedical engineers" design, test, modify, recommend modification of, and evaluate all medical equipment used to interface or interact with the human body. In addition to these functions, clinical engineers usually supervise the biomedical equipment maintenance function within an environment of care.

The medical devices include man-made hands, arms, and legs to replace lost ones and, also, Dialysis machines which clean the blood of a person with damaged kidneys.


This Love (The Veronicas song)

"This Love" is a 2008 song by Australian band The Veronicas.

VeggieTales

VeggieTales is a children's animated direct-to-video series created by Big Idea. They have vegetables in stories with moral themes based on Christianity. The original series lasted from December 23, 1993 to March 3, 2015. It was eventually cancelled around 2018. In March 2019, Phil Vischer announced on his Twitter that a revival spin-off titled "The VeggieTales Show" would be released in the fall of that year, along with an untitled '"VeggieTales"' movie with an unclear release date.

The show was created by Phil Vischer and Mike Nawrocki when they wanted to create a series of videos teaching children about stories and lessons from the Bible, while making it fun and entertaining.

Phil originally started out in 1990 when he wanted to use candy bars as a basis. However, his wife objected the idea as she thought it was a bad influence on kids. So he drew a cucumber and thought that was the best choice, vegetables. He chose these objects as he said they were easy to animate as compared to characters with limbs, clothes, or hair because of the limitations on 3D graphics during the early 1990s.

In order to create VeggieTales, Phil had to follow a few rules given to him by his mother. They included: 1) you will not portray Jesus Christ as a vegetable, and 2) try not imply that vegetables can have redemptive relationships with God.

Phil then joined with Mike Nawrocki, who they both did puppet shows in Bible college. Phil did one on "The Princess and the Pea," but telling it from the pea's perspective, but never made it as a puppet show. Ultimately, the sketches Phil drew became the basis for "VeggieTales".

The name itself came from Mike Nawrocki, as he felt it was a good title as it was about vegetables telling stories.

While "Toy Story" is considered the first animated film to use computer imagery for film, "VeggieTales" is the first video series using that type of animation prior to the film's release.

The series started with only either one or two episode(s) per year, until the company grew and produced three videos per year as of 2014. Since then, no new episodes of the series have been produced, likely due to Big Idea being too busy making and focusing on the Netflix series.

In 2014, shortly after the release of Beauty and the Beet (the last episode to feature the original look of the characters), Netflix released 11 minute shorts exclusively along with new redesigns of the original cast. In a recent podcast, Phil says that they have colored iris' (similar to the Sonic the Hedgehog series) and their mouths are more dynamic. He also says that Archibald's hair looks swirly.

Following the release of the episode Noah's Ark on March 3, 2015, Big Idea did not announce any new plans for further "VeggieTales" home video releases, seemingly focusing solely on the Netflix series. In June 2017, Mike Nawrocki appeared on the Christian talk show Today's Life, and said "If there's ever an opportunity to do something VeggieTales-related again, I would love to do that." Furthermore, Nawrocki's LinkedIn profile states that he left his position at Big Idea in February 2016. The second and final season of VeggieTales in the City subsequently premiered on Netflix in late 2017.

At the 2018 Christian Worldview Film Festival, Mike Nawrocki confirmed that he was no longer working on "VeggieTales", and there was nothing in production. Phil Vischer stated that he was not returning to work on new episodes, and on July 1, 2018, he explained on Twitter that the team who specifically produced home video releases was dismissed in 2015, while the Netflix series team wrapped up their work in Summer 2017. Comcast shut down Big Idea's offices in Nashville shortly afterward. Vischer has confirmed that Big Idea's employees continue to work for Big Idea, and have not been laid off. This could mean that the show may still continue in the future.

On March 28th, Eric Metaxas posted a tweet featuring him with Phil Vischer and Mike Nawrocki. He said that TBN had purchased the rights to "VeggieTales" and are making a new series. Later on, Phil posted a tweet correcting the misconception; it turns out TBN only purchased licensing rights and will use the characters. Phil and Mike are going to be key writers for a new spin-off show that is currently known as The VeggieTales Show, which was released in late 2019. On the same day, Phil Vischer confirmed that Universal had also started early development on a VeggieTales feature film. It will also have Phil's involvement, possibly as a key writer.





Kroppenstedt

Kroppenstedt is a town in the Börde district, in Saxony-Anhalt, Germany. It is southwest of Magdeburg. It is part of the "Verwaltungsgemeinschaft" ("collective municipality").

Righteousness

Righteousness is the quality of a person being morally right or justifiable. It is an important concept and theological concept. It is a concept in Islam, Judaism, Christianity, and also in Dharmic traditions. The quality of true righteousness is pleasing to God. It is a concept similar to integrity. Perfect righteousness is who God is. (See Psalm 30:4) 

I Decided

"I Decided" is the first single released by Solange Knowles from her album "Sol-Angel and the Hadley St. Dreams". The single was released as a digital download to both iTunes and Amazon.com on April 22, 2008.

Here I Stand (Usher album)

Here I Stand is the fifth album by R&B singer Usher, released on 27 May 2008.

Social equality

Social equality is a state where people are treated fairly and given equal chances without any discrimination.


JavaServer Pages

JavaServer Pages (JSP java) is a programming language used by server applications. It was created by Sun Microsystems. A software server such as Apache is needed to run it.

Match

A match is a tool for making fire under controlled circumstances. Most often, it is a small piece of wood, or hardened paper. At one end, the match is coated with a material that will ignite from friction. The lighting end of a match is known as the match "head". It either contains an oxidizing agent such as potassium chlorate, mixed with sulfur, fillers and glass powder as the active ingredient and gelatin as a binder. Matches are sold in multiples, packaged together either in a box, or in matchbooks. There are two main types of matches: safety matches, which can be struck only against a specially prepared surface; and strike-anywhere matches, for which any suitably frictional surface can be used.

There are also electric matches, which use electricity and not friction to produce a fire.

Matches that used sulfur were mentioned by Martial in ancient Rome. He called them "sulphurata".

Around the year 1530, Matches appeared in Europe. The first modern, self-igniting match was invented in 1805 by K. Chancel, assistant to Professor Louis Jacques Thénard of Paris, though. The head of the match was made of a mixture of potassium chlorate, sulfur, sugar, and rubber. They were ignited by dipping the tip of the match in a small asbestos bottle filled with sulfuric acid. This kind of match was quite expensive and its usage was dangerous, so Chancel's matches never gained much popularity.

Storm matches, also known as lifeboat matches or flare matches, have an easy to strike tip like a normal match, but much of the stick is coated with a combustible compound which will keep burning even in a strong wind. They have a wax coating to make them waterproof. They are a component of many survival kits. This particular match was used in the first mass-produced Molotov cocktails.

"Bengal matches" are actually small hand-held fireworks akin to sparklers. They are similar to storm matches in form, but they include compounds of strontium or barium in the compound on the stick to produce a red or green flame respectively.



Bill Gothard

William W. "Bill" Gothard (born November 2, 1934) is an American speaker and writer. At the age of 15, he gave his life to helping teenagers and their parents live their life in Christian principles. Much of his reputation comes from his efforts to finish that goal. He founded the Institute in Basic Life Principles (IBLP) in 1961. He has also spoken at conferences, and has written many books.

Gothard was born the third of six children to be "born" to "William" and "Carmen Gothard". His father was the manager of an engineering firm. He later served with several ministries. When Gothard was in the 5th grade, he says that God brought made him know of his need for a personal Savior. Shortly after beginning to believe that Jesus was his savior, he and his family joined a fundamentalist church. Gothard received his Bachelor of Arts degree in Bible from Wheaton College. In 1957 he also got his Master of Arts degree, in Christian Education.

He worked with gangs, church youth groups, high school clubs, youth camps, and families that had problems. He later wrote out seven principles of life he believed were not optional. In 1964, Gothard was given youth work in the LaGrange Bible Church, in suburban Chicago. Also, Gothard's Alma mater, Wheaton College, let him design and teach a program based on his work with youth. The course was given the name Basic Youth Conflicts; two hours of upper-division undergraduate and graduate credit were awarded to students completing the course. Forty-six students, youth pastors, and teachers registered for that first class. The next year over one hundred students joined the class.

Gothard started an organization in 1961 called Campus Teams, which in 1974 changed its name to Institute in Basic Youth Conflicts. Later, in 1989, the name changed again to Institute in Basic Life Principles (IBLP). Gothard is now the president and a board member of this organization. In the 1970s they started the Basic Youth Conflicts Seminar (also called Basic Seminars) across the United States. More people came, averaging between 10,000 and 20,000 people at each seminar. In the early 1980s the seminar attendance began to get smaller. Today seminars keep being held around the world and have an alumni base of more than 2.5 million.

In 1984, under Gothard’s leadership, a homeschooling program, the Advanced Training Institute of America was founded. He is the author of many books. In 2004, Gothard received his Ph.D. in Biblical Studies. Gothard is not married, and has no children.

Gothard's teaching focuses on seven "life principles", 49 character qualities, and 49 commands that Jesus gave. He views the Bible as the word of God and teaches that while there is only one interpretation of scripture. However, Gothard's use of the Bible has met with criticism. On his website he states ""the goal of my teaching is to provide Biblical principles and concepts of life to guide people in their choices.""

Gothard tells people not to listen to "un-Christian" music, including all popular and contemporary Christian music. He is in favor homeschooling; IBLP publishes its own homeschooling material. He has discouraged the use of contraceptives or other family planning.

As a part of the IBLP, Gothard organized the "Medical Training Institute of America" (MTIA). The main purpose of the ministry is to "train men and women to assist families in making wise decisions about health care issues." The "Medical Training Institute of America" is not a medical school and does not give degrees.

A group called the "Personal Freedom Outreach" (PFO) has criticized Gothard in several ways. Such as say that Gothard's views and his interpretations of Scripture are legalistic teachings, and that IBLP and such are "cult-like". Gothard was also accused by some of being contemporary for not practicing what he preaches about conflict resolution, and for his "quiverfull" teachings that married Christians should have as many children as possible. Even when Gothard himself is not married and has no children, even into his 70s.

Don Veinot claimed in his critical book on Gothard that Dr. Ronald Allen, a conservative evangelical, went to a Gothard seminar in 1973 and wrote that "In this seminar, I was regularly assaulted by the misuse of the Bible, particularly of the Old Testament, on a level that I have never experienced in a public ministry before that time (or since)."



Institute in Basic Life Principles

The Institute in Basic Life Principles (IBLP) is Christian organization in Oak Brook, Illinois. It was founded by Bill Gothard in 1964.


Master of Arts

A Master of Arts (Latin:"Magister Artium") is a postgraduate academic master's degree given by universities and colleges in many countries.

Often called an MA, students can earn this certificate after completing their bachelor's degree. It is usually awarded when one has studied subjects such as literature, history, sociology, education, political science, social sciences, social work, design or art. 

American Fork River

The American Fork River, in Utah, leaves the Wasatch Mountains out of American Fork Canyon about southeast of Salt Lake City. The river starts on Mount Timpanogos and the river runs down through American Fork Canyon. On the way it goes through the Uinta National Forest and Timpanogos Cave National Monument. Leaving the canyon, the river runs through northern Utah County and empties into Utah Lake on the north shore.

Frank O'Connor

Charles Francis O'Connor (September 22, 1897 – November 9 1979), called Frank O'Connor, was an American actor and painter. He was the husband of writer Ayn Rand.

O'Connor and Rand met on a movie set, in the years of silent movies. They were appearing as extras. Rand was also writing scripts, and O'Connor building a movie and stage career. Rand admired O'Connor's looks, and tripped him on the set, to get him to notice her. They married in 1929. 

To make sure they had enough income to succeed, O'Connor let his acting career go, becoming a rancher so Rand could succeed as an author, which was her ambition. He appeared in a presentation of her play "Night of January 16th", after she became better known. O'Connor also proposed the name "Atlas Shrugged" for Rand's book, which she formerly called "The Strike" before publication. 

The couple had no children, but were friends with some college students and young professionals, including Nathaniel Branden (who later wrote psychology books, including important works on self-esteem), Alan Greenspan (economist, who was Federal Reserve chairman for the United States government) and Leonard Peikoff (later author of philosophy works, and editor of Rand's works). O'Connor "played host" to many discussions and forums about human interaction, relationships and societies, while wife Rand led the conversations.

He found a new pursuit, as he developed a talent for painting. Some of Rand's books used his paintings for book covers. 

Actor Peter Fonda appeared as O'Connor in a 1999 television movie, "The Passion of Ayn Rand", which also starred Helen Mirren.

Alma mater

Alma mater is the singular form of the Latin word for "nourishing mother". It was used in ancient Rome as a title for the mother goddess, and in Medieval Christianity for the Virgin Mary. In current days, it is most often used to refer to the university or college a person went to. However, it may also refer to the song or hymn of a college or university.

The term alma mater can be traced back to eleventh-century Europe. The first known use of the term in reference to university was in 1088. The University of Bologna coined their motto “Alma Mater Studiorum,” (translated: “nourishing mother of studies”). 


Amplitude modulation

Amplitude Modulation, usually shortened to AM, is a simple way to send a radio signal. The signal can travel long distances, and appear in faraway places, because of the earth's ionosphere. 

Amplitude is the height of a wave. A carrier wave is modulated (changed) by adding audio. The combined signal is transmitted over a frequency. AM signals can be received by a crystal-powered radio set, that needs no batteries or electrical power source. Many early radios were homemade, and used earphones.

AM signals are mostly sent out on medium wave and shortwave frequencies. They do not carry high fidelity sound, but the sound is good enough to hear most things. Analog signals can fade in and out, or have interference from power lines and power stations. Sunspot activity can also weaken signals.

In the early years of commercial broadcasting in the 1920s, medium wave AM (from 540 to 1600 kilocycles) was the only kind of radio widely used. Radio programs were much like today's television programs, including news, sports, drama, music, comedy, and other entertainment.

Later Frequency Modulation (FM) radio was developed. It had better fidelity, but the signals could not travel as far, so AM was still important. After television became common in the 1950s, AM became a major format for popular music. As FM became common in the 1970s, AM stations featured more news, and talk shows.

Shortwave radio signals (from 3000 to 30,000 kilocycles) can travel around the world, and are used by countries to send programs to distant places. These programs feature news about the country, examples of their native culture and history, and sometimes foreign language lessons.

Biberach (district)

Biberach ( ]; Alemannic German: "Landchrais Bibra") is a district in Baden-Württemberg, Germany. It is surrounded by (from the south and clockwise) the districts of Ravensburg, Sigmaringen, Reutlingen and Alb-Donau, and the Bavarian districts Neu-Ulm, Unterallgäu and the district-free city Memmingen. The most important towns in the district of Biberach are Biberach (Riß), Riedlingen, Ochsenhausen and Laupheim.

The district has hilly countryside between the rivers of the Danube and the Iller. The Danube crosses the district in its westernmost part from south to north. The Iller forms the eastern border of the district. Another river is the Riß, an affluent of the Danube (the river Riß goes into the Danube). It goes across the district from south to north.

The Federsee is a small lake in the southwest of the district. Its area is only 1.4 km², but it is famous for Neolithic findings and birds that are not seen a lot.

The local newspaper is the "Schwäbische Zeitung" ("Swabian Newspaper"). The Biberach Independent Film Festival focusses on experimental shorts and documentaries. The festival starts at the end of October and runs into November.

The imperial eagle symbolizes the imperial city of Biberach. At first, the coat of arms of the city showed an eagle as well as a beaver as a canting symbol. In 1488 the coat of arms of the city was changed to show only the beaver. The crosier symbolises the monasteries of the area.


Sam Allardyce

Samuel Allardyce (born: 19 October 1954) is an English football manager and former football player. He was most recently the manager of Premier League club Leeds United.

Source:

Bolton Wanderers

Preston North End

Individual

Limerick

Notts County

Bolton Wanderers

West Ham United

Individual

Chief Constable

A Chief Constable is the top police officer in a police force in the United Kingdom. Every police force in the United Kingdom has a Chief Constable except the City of London Police and the Metropolitan Police.

Hugh Orde

Hugh Stephen Orde OBE was the Chief Constable of the Police Service of Northern Ireland. He became the Chief Constable on 29 May 2002 and was it until 2009. His first police job was in 1977 at the Metropolitan Police Service. He was made a member of the Order of the British Empire in 2001, and was given a knighthood in 2005.

Candy Lo

Candy Lo (born October 18, 1974) is a C-rock singer-songwriter and actress from Hong Kong. She has released 9 studio albums, over 40 singles, 2 compilations, 1 live album and 1 EP with Sony Music to date. On June 11 she released her first EP on her new label WOW Music.

Say It Right

"Say It Right" is an R&B song performed by Nelly Furtado. It has background vocals by Timbaland. The song is from Nelly Furtado's album "Loose". It was written by Nelly Furtado, Tim Mosley, Nate Hills. It was released on March 5, 2007 as a single and digital download in the United Kingdom. It was very successful worldwide reaching number one in many countries. The song is 3 minutes and 43 seconds long.

Greater Poland Voivodeship

Greater Poland Voivodeship is one of the 16 Voivodeships of Poland. It can be found in the western part of Poland. It is mostly in the historical land Greater Poland. The capital of the Voivodeship is Poznań.

It was created on 1 January 1999.

Protected areas in Greater Poland Voivodeship include two National Parks and 12 Landscape Parks. These are listed below.

Northumbria

The Kingdom of Northumbria (), was a medieval kingdom of the Angles, in what is now northern England and south-east Scotland. It later became an earldom in the Anglo-Saxon Kingdom of England. The name reflects the southern limit to the kingdom's territory, the River Humber.

Northumbria was formed in the early 7th century by Athelfrith, King of Bernicia. He conquered the kingdom of Deira and several British kingdoms and combined them under his rule. The kingdom of Northumbria also included Lindsey at times. Northumbria was a part of the Heptarchy of Anglo-Saxon kingdoms. At its greatest the kingdom extended at least from just south of the Humber river, to the River Mersey and to the Forth (roughly, Sheffield to Runcorn to Edinburgh). The name 'Northumbria' wasn't in common use until the time of Ecgfrith, King of Northumbria. The name is first used in the preamble to the council of Hatfield (680). Ecgfrith was described as king of the Humberfolk'. After the loss of Lindsey (kingdom) which was south of the River Humber, the name became Northumbria in Latin is "Northanhymbrenis." It comes from the Old English "be northan Hymbre" meaning 'to the north of the Humber'. The name Northumbria was still used during the reigns of Kings Canute and Edward the Confessor. William the Conqueror broke up Northumbria into several parts. Yorkshire became the new name for the heartlands of the former kingdom.

Northumbria became an earldom when the southern part of Northumbria (which had been Deira) was lost to the Danelaw. The northern part (which had been Bernicia) was a kingdom for a short time but under the Danish kingdom it also became an earldom. Some of this land was claimed by both England and Scotland. The Earldom of Northumbria was later a part of England by the Anglo-Scottish Treaty of York in 1237. On the northern border, Berwick-upon-Tweed, which is north of the Tweed but had changed hands many times, was defined as subject to the laws of England by the Wales and Berwick Act 1746. The land once part of Northumbria at its peak is now divided by modern administrative boundaries:


Hanging (death)

Hanging is caused when a person is held by a rope around the neck. The "Oxford English Dictionary" says that hanging in this sense is "specifically to put to death by suspension by the neck". Hanging is often used as a form of execution or suicide. 

The first known account of execution by hanging was in Homer's "Odyssey" (Book XXII). In this meaning of the common word "hang", the past and past participle is "hanged" instead of "hung".

As a form of death penalty, it is still used in Japan and certain African countries.

Long drop is when the condemned is dropped from a trapdoor a few feet above the ground and mostly causes the dislocation of the neck, resulting in almost instant death.

Short drop is when the condemned is made to stand on an object, then the object is taken from under them and they die from strangulation.

Moons of Mars

Mars has two little moons, Phobos and Deimos, which are thought to be captured asteroids. They were found by Asaph Hall in 1877.

James Horner

James Roy Horner (August 14, 1953 – June 22, 2015) was an American music director. He scored the music for the 1997 movie "Titanic". He won two Academy Awards in 1998. Horner was born on August 14, 1953 in Los Angeles, California.

Horner was killed in an airplane crash near Los Padres National Forest, California, aged 61. 

Horner stated composers like Elmer Bernstein, Jerry Goldsmith, Henry Mancini, Buddy Baker, Bruce Broughton, Howard Shore, Leigh Harline, Max Steiner, Sergei Prokofiev, Ludwig Von Beethoven, Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart, Erich Wolfgang Korngold, Frank Churchill, Carl Stalling, Richard Straus, Gustav Holst, Bernard Herrmann, John Barry, Benjamin Britten, John Williams, Thomas Tallis, Maurice Jarre, Roger Sessions, Arnold Schoenberg, Giacomo Puccini, Aaron Copland, Dimitri Tiomkin, Bela Bartok, Richard Wagner, Jakob Gimpel, Hamilton Harty, Jan Kubelík, Carl Nielsen, Lalo Schifrin, Oliver Wallace, Frank Churchill, Alex North, Marty Paich, Leigh Harline, Pyotr Tchaikovsky, Alfred Newman and Nino Rota as influences.

Horner won two Academy Awards, both in 1998:

Horner also won two Golden Globe Awards, three Satellite Awards, and three Saturn Awards. He was nominated for three British Academy Film Awards.

In October 2013, Horner received the Max Steiner Award at the Hollywood in Vienna Gala. That award is given for extraordinary achievements in the music for movies.

MP3 player

An MP3 player is a portable audio device people can use to listen to songs saved in the MP3 format. They can use USB cords or Wi-Fi to connect the device to computers, so that computer files can be transferred to players internal memory.

MP3s are audio files that have been made smaller by removing sounds that the human ear cannot hear. Many newer MP3 players can also be used to view images or movies, or play games, and can also play other formats, such as FLAC and MPEG-4 AAC. The most well-known MP3 player is the iPod. MP3 players can also be built-into a car or home stereo. 

They were popular around the early 2000 but slowly lost popularity to the introduction to smartphones and apps like Spotify. Even with this loss in popularity, you can still get one today that can even connect to Spotify.

Wi-Fi Protected Access

Wi-Fi Protected Access (also known as WPA and WPA2) is the name for a number of standards to use encryption on a Wireless LAN. They were made because people found many weaknesses in Wired Equivalent Privacy, the standard that came before WPA. 

Products that have the label "WPA" were made to work with most cards, even those that came out before there was WPA. This is not true for access points.

Products with the "WPA2" use all of the standard. This started in 2004 and is more secure, but it may not work with some older hardware. 

There are two types of WPA. They are called "WPA Personal" and "WPA Enterprise." WPA Personal is used a lot in casual places like people's homes. To connect, you enter a password. WPA Enterprise is used for bigger networks like businesses. To connect, you must enter a username and password given to you by the people in charge of the network. 

Wired Equivalent Privacy

Wired Equivalent Privacy (also known as WEP) is a standard to use encryption in Wireless LANs. It was introduced in 1999. 

In 2001, mathematicians showed that WEP is not very strong. A WEP connection could be decoded, with software that can be easily found, within minutes. Because of this finding, IEEE created a new 802.11i group to fix the problems. By 2003, the Wi-Fi Alliance announced that Wi-Fi Protected Access (WPA) would replace WEP, which was a subset of then upcoming 802.11i amendment. Finally in 2004, they made it official and said that it would go ahead. It was part of the full 802.11i standard (also known as WPA2), the IEEE declared that both WEP-40 and WEP-104 are not recommended because they are not secure enough. 

Even though it only offers low security, WEP is still widely in use. WEP is often the first security choice presented to users by router configuration tools even. Today, WEP provides a level of security that deters only accidental use. As a result, people can invade and enter the network.

People sometimes call it "Wireless Encryption Protocol", which is wrong.

Congress of Vienna

The Congress of Vienna was a conference of ambassadors of the major powers of Europe. 
It was held in Vienna from November 1, 1814, to June 8, 1815. The chairman was the Austrian statesman Klemens Wenzel von Metternich. 

Its purpose was to decide about the political situation in Europe after the defeat of Napoleon. 
To be precise there was never "one" "Congress of Vienna". Instead, there were discussions in informal sessions among the Great Powers. 

The Congress was concerned with determining the entire shape of Europe after the Napoleonic wars, with the exception of the terms of peace with France, which had already been decided by the Treaty of Paris, signed a few months earlier, on May 30, 1814.

The four victorious powers (the Concert of Europe) hoped to exclude the French from participation in the negotiations, but Charles-Maurice de Talleyrand-Périgord managed to get into "her inner councils" in the first weeks of negotiations.

Coin collecting

Coin collecting is the hobby of keeping different coins. Some people do it just for pleasure, while others collect coins for the history of the coins. People can collect coins that are old, rare, beautiful, investing or just interesting. 

Coin collecting is a very old hobby. Even Julius Caesar collected coins. Some coins are very expensive, because more people want them than there are copies of the coin. Some coin collectors like to collect one coin of each date, or one coin of each King or Queen of a country.

The condition of a coin is very important in finding the value of the coin for collectors. Some coins which are worth almost nothing in poor condition can be worth thousands of times as much in new condition. The term ""mint condition"" means the coin has never been used ("in circulation"), just like it came out of the mint where it was made. 

The largest group of American coin collectors is the American Numismatic Association, while the Royal Numismatic Society, which was started in 1826, is one of the largest societies outside the US. 

Many catalogs are produced around the world, generally for the coins of the country where the catalog is produced. In the U.S., one guide, the "Red Book" has been produced annually since 1946. In the U.K., the coin dealer Seaby produced catalogs on U.K. coins as well as ancient coins. The catalogs were purchased by Spink's in 1996 and are continuing under the Spink's name. Spink's was founded in 1666.


Blood Red Shoes

Blood Red Shoes are an indie music band from Brighton, England. Blood Red Shoes's first album was "Box of Secrets". There are two members: Laura-Mary Carter and Steven Ansell. They are often compared to "The White Stripes" due to the boy-girl drum-guitar setup, but they dislike this comparison and, indeed, the White Stripes themselves. Laura-Mary plays guitar while Steven plays drums.


Bret Hart

Bret Hart (born July 2, 1957) is a semi-retired Canadian professional wrestler, writer, and actor. He is a member of the well-known Hart wrestling family of Calgary, Alberta. His father was wrestling legend Stu Hart. He is considered to be one of the most technically sound wrestlers ever. His athletic ability and in-ring knowledge have also been highly praised.

Bret Hart had an amazing career in the WWF, having some of the greatest matches of all time. Some of his best matches were against Mr. Perfect, his one-time brother-in-law British Bulldog, his brother Owen Hart, Stone Cold Steve Austin and Shawn Michaels.

Hart said that he was going to leave the WWF for the companies then biggest competitor, World Championship Wrestling (WCW) and he refused to lose the title in front of his Canadian fans to Michaels. During Survivor Series 1997 in Montreal, Quebec, a real-life screwjob took place when Shawn Michaels put Hart in Hart's own finishing move, the Sharp Shooter. Vince McMahon ordered referee Earl Hebner to call for the bell even though Hart didn't submit. This made Michaels become the WWF Champion. This incident would later become known as the Montreal Screwjob.

Hart retired after being kicked in the head by his opponent, Goldberg, in a match. Soon after he suffered a stroke. He has since partially recovered and has done some stage acting. He wrote a column for The Calgary Sun until 2004.

On January 4 2010, Hart returned to the WWE to be a special guest host for Raw. This was the first time that Hart made a live appearance on Raw in over 12 years. During the night he and Shawn Michaels agreed to a truce, shook hands and hugged. Many fans didn't know if it was real or not but Hart and Michaels later said that their truce was real and not part of a storyline. He also shook hands with Vince but Vince later kicked Hart in the gut which was part of a storyline. Hart along with his family beat Vince McMahon at WrestleMania XXVI in a No Holds Barred Match.


DVD (2006) 


La Grange, Illinois

La Grange is a village in Cook County, in the U.S. state of Illinois. It is a suburb of Chicago. The population was 16,321 at the 2020 census. The name "La Grange" is French for "the barn."

Eurovision Song Contest 2008

The Eurovision Song Contest 2008 was a talent contest hosted in Belgrade, Serbia. It was won by Dima Bilan of Russia, singing the song "Believe". It was a big television event, watched by 250 million people around the world.

In 2008 the contest was split into two semifinals, with 19 countries in each semifinal. The first semifinal was held on May 20, second semifinal on May 22, and the final on May 24.



The final was held on 24 May 2008.

All We Know

"All We Know" is a 2006 song by Paramore, off the album "All We Know is Falling". It was the last single released off the album.

Misery Business

"Misery Business" is a 2007 song by the band Paramore. It is from the album "RIOT!". The song was released on June 18, 2007. The video features the band playing in a room filled with the graffiti found on the bands album cover, and a person being mean at a school.

At the end of the video, singer Hayley wipes off the other girls makeup and takes something out from under her shirt exposing the girl for what she really is.

This song was controversial. Hayley did regret the use of God in the chorus and said she did not want people to use his name wrongly.

Wesfarmers

Wesfarmers is an Australian company headquartered in Perth, Western Australia, Australia. It was founded in 1914 as Westralian Farmers Limited. It is one of the two largest retailers in Australia. The other is Woolworths. It used to own Coles Supermarkets (demerged in 2018 and it has now sold off most of its shareholding in Coles), K-Mart, Target Bunnings Warehouse and Bi-Lo Supermarkets.

Wesfarmers employs approximately 114,000 people, operates mostly in Australia, New Zealand, and the United Kingdom. It is also listed on the Australian Securities Exchange under the code WES.

Pressure (Paramore song)

"Pressure" is the first single from the album "All We Know is Falling", by the band Paramore. The song was ranked #62 on the "Billboard" Hot Digital Songs in 2007.

Hazelwood North, Victoria

Hazelwood North is a town in Victoria, Australia. Most of people who live there live on farms, about 5 acres big.

Hasselt, Belgium

Hasselt is a municipality in Belgium. It is the capital of the Belgian province Limburg. It lies about half way between Liège and Antwerp. The city is at the river demer and the albertchannel. The city has city privileges since 1232. Today, about 79.089 people live there, the people who live there are called Hasselaars.Most of them are native Dutch speakers.

Well-known people from Hasselt include Hendrick van Veldeke, probably one of the first writers who did no longer write in Latin, but rather used the German of the time, 12th century. Willy Claes, who was NATO secretary in 1994 and 1995, and Axelle Red a contemporary singer-songwriter.

It is located at 50° 55 North, 05° 20 East.

Focus on the Family

Focus on the Family (FOTF, or FotF) is an American evangelical group. The non-profit organization was founded in 1977 by James Dobson, and is based in Colorado Springs, Colorado. They have started several ministries, such as Adventures in Odyssey, and Focus on the Family Action.


Adventures in Odyssey

Adventures in Odyssey (also known as AIO or just Odyssey) is an Evangelical Christian-themed radio drama and comedy. It was started by Focus on the Family in 1987.

The series takes place in the fictional town of Odyssey. Many episodes begin in an ice cream shop and discovery emporium called "Whit's End." It is owned by John Avery Whittaker. The show's episodes have many things in them, such as funny or dramatic stories. Its characters often talk about Christianity, and sometimes Bible stories are taught.


"See" Character list "for more information."
"See" AIOHQ.com Voices "for a list of credited "AIO" voice actors."


Youth for Christ

Youth for Christ (YFC) is an international Christian ministry that promotes youth evangelism and biblical Christianity. In the early 1940s, during World War II, many young men, mostly ministers and evangelists, were holding large rallies in Canada, the United Kingdom and the United States. In an effort to coordinate these programs Youth for Christ was started in 1944. The organization was co-founded by the Rev. Billy Graham and then-evangelist Charles Templeton.

Henry Luce

Henry Robinson Luce (April 3, 1898 – February 28, 1967) was an important American publisher.


Big Bear Lake, California

Big Bear Lake is a city in San Bernardino County, California. It is along the south shore of Big Bear Lake. At the 2020 census, 5,046 people lived there. It is a popular place in Southern California, partly because of its skiing areas.

Memorial

A memorial is an object which serves as a memory of something, usually a person who has died or a famous event. Statues are a popular type of "memorial".

A memorial hall is a building which serves to remind people of something, again usually people who have died. Memorial halls in the United Kingdom and United States are usually about World War I or World War II. Memorial halls in Germany and Poland are often about the Holocaust, when Nazi Germany killed many Jewish people. Memorial halls in China are usually about the Japanese part of World War II. Among important memorial halls, there are the Nanjing Massacre Museum and the Yad Vashem.


Logging

Logging is cutting down trees. It is done to fix forests or harvest logs. People move the logs out of the forest to use them for timber or paper or fuel or other purposes.

Kølig Kaj

Kølig Kaj (born 1971) is a Danish rapper who gained national fame in 1997 by winning the Danish Melodi Grand Prix with his song "Stemmen I Mit Liv". His real name is Thomas Lægaard. 

At the Eurovision Song Contest in 1997, he ended up 16th, with only 25 points. Following that, Kølig Kaj slowly went away, and has never really gained much success. "Kølig Kaj" literally means "Cool Kaj" (pronounced Kai, rhymes with "high"). He released an album called "Solgt Ud!"

Forbidden Planet (bookstore)

The Forbidden Planet is a popular comic book, toys, and other multimedia objects store.

Tobey Maguire

Tobias Vincent "Tobey" Maguire (born June 27, 1975) is an American actor. He is best known for playing the role of "Spider-Man" in all three movies and including the Marvel Cinematic Universe movie "".

Maguire didn't finish high school because he wanted to be an actor. He got help from Alcoholics Anonymous for an underaged drinking problem. He has been sober ever since. Maguire has been a vegetarian since 1992. In 2009, he became a vegan.

PETA called him the World's Sexiest Vegetarian in 2002. He often makes changes in his diet to either gain or lose weight. For example, he dramatically decreased his calorie intake for "Seabiscuit". Then he quickly gained weight for "Spider-Man 2".

Maguire met Jennifer Meyer in 2003 while he was shooting the movie "Seabiscuit". They became engaged in April 2006. Their daughter Ruby Sweetheart Maguire was born on November 10, 2006. The couple married on September 3, 2007, in Kona, Hawaii. Their second child, a son, Otis Tobias Maguire was born on May 8, 2009. The couple divorced in 2020.

In 2004, Maguire took up tournament poker. Maguire can be seen on ESPN's coverage of the 2005, 2006, and 2007 World Series of Poker Main Event Championship.

Chaplain

A chaplain is typically a priest, pastor, ordained deacon or other member of the clergy. They usually serve a group of people who are not organized as a mission or church, or who are unable to attend church for many reasons, such as poor health, confinement, or military or civil duties.

Chaplains may be members of a Christian church, or followers of Judaism, Islam or humanism. Schools, colleges, prisons, hospitals, and the armed forces commonly provide the services of chaplains.

Northwestern College

Northwestern College is in Saint Paul, Minnesota. It is a four-year Christian college. The school was founded on October 2, 1902. Billy Graham was the school's president from 1948 to 1952. Athletic teams at the school are known as "Eagles".

Walker (tool)

A walker or walking frame is a tool for disabled people who need help to support and keep balance while walking. The rollator/walker is from Sweden. These are popular items in the mobility aid field.

Generally there are three or four wheel rollators. Most have some type of pouch or basket to carry items. Rollators are often used for long trips or when a person does not want to be slowed down by their mobility equipment. Rollators are often viewed as easier to use than a walker due to their ability to just be pushed instead of lifted.

George Beverly Shea

George Beverly "Bev" Shea (February 1, 1909 – April 16, 2013) was a Canadian-American singer and songwriter of gospel music, and has written several hymns. He gained American citizenship in 1941. He worked with Billy Graham for over 60 years.

Walker

Walker can be any of the following:

In geography:

In modern culture:

In other usage:


James Dobson

James Clayton "Jim" Dobson (born April 21, 1936 in Shreveport, Louisiana) is both the starter and chairman of the board of Focus on the Family. He is an Evangelical.
0kHTTP://(+27)/(0027)...


QuickTime

QuickTime (also called QT) is a software made by Apple Inc. It can handle different types of digital video, media clips, sound, text, animation, music, and several types of interactive panoramic images.


Subspecies

Subspecies is a classification (taxonomy) in biology. It is directly below species. When looking at the Latin name, subspecies are indicated by the third name. Subspecies can mix with each other; animals or plants from different subspecies can have offspring together (This is usually not the case with animals from different species).

When looking at subspecies, they can also be told apart sufficiently by looking at the appearance or DNA of an animal or plant.

Very often, there are populations that are between two subspecies; this is because evolution is a continuous process. Subspecies can often be recognised by "subsp" or "ssp" (before the third part of the name) especially in botany.

Examples of subspecies are:

In zoology, when a species is split into subspecies, the first described population is known as the "nominate subspecies", and it repeats the same name as the species. For example, the "Daboia russelii russelii" (known as the Indian Russell's Viper) is a nominate subspecies of the species "Daboia russelii" (known as the Russell's Viper).

Centrifugal force

Centrifugal force is a force that acts on a body in a direction away from the centre, which contributes to making the body try to fly away. When you hold a rope with a heavy object attached to it, and rotate it around, the rope becomes tight and keeps the body from flying away. This is caused by centripetal force.

In physics, centrifugal force (from Latin centrum "center" and fugere "to flee") is a fictitious force that appears when describing physics in a rotating reference frame; it acts on anything with mass considered in such a frame. Centrifugal force is "fictitious" because although it may feel to a person like a certain force is being exerted on them, someone outside the scene will see something different.

Example: If Joshua is in a car that takes a sharp right turn, he will feel as though he is being pushed to his left. This is an imaginary force, called a centrifugal force, or a "running away from the center" force. Joshua feels it because he is inside the car and is affected by it. However, if Joshua's girlfriend, Andrea, is on the side of the road facing the front of Joshua's car and watches Joshua's car take a sharp right turn, Andrea will see the car push Joshua to the right with the car as it changes direction. This is a real force called centripetal force (or an "aiming towards the center" force) and acts towards the center of the circle of rotation.

Peeter Volkonski

Peeter Volkonski Peeter (also Piotr Andreevich Volkonsky) (born December 9, 1954, in Tallinn, Estonia) is an Estonian actor and rock-musician composer. He is a Prince from the Rurik Dynasty. He is the key art figure in Estonia.

Peeter Volkonski is a descendant of an aristocratic princely family, son of Prince Andrei Volkonsky. HSH Prince Pyotr Mikhailovich Volkonsky is a great-great-great-great-grandfather of Prince Peeter Volkonski.


Bobby V

Robert "Bobby" Wilson (born February 27, 1980), better known by his stage name Bobby V and formerly Bobby Valentino, is an American R&B singer.

Born in Jackson, Mississippi, Bobby moved to Atlanta, Georgia where he attended North Atlanta High School. He returned there to appear in the debut episode of Once Upon A Prom aired on MTV May 19, 2007. He first entered the music scene in 1996, at that time using his real name - Bobby Wilson, with the now-defunct youth quartet Mista. Some years after Mista disbanded, he enrolled in Clark Atlanta University where he majored in Mass Communications, graduating in 2004 with a Bachelor of Arts degree in Mass Communications.

Discovered while singing on the bus, Bobby V first made his mark as the lead singer in the hit teen group, Mista. As a new found member of the Organized Noize Family, Bobby learned firsthand how great music was made from icons such as Outkast, TLC, and Goodie Mob. In 1996 the group released their self-titled debut album and produced chart topping single, "Blackberry Molasses," which still remains a classic to this day. A second unreleased album was recorded with hit makers, Tim & Bob and Delite, but creative differences split the group. After earning his degree in 2003, Bobby returned to the studio full-time and changed his name to Valentino ignoring the fact that the name Bobby Valentino was already in use by a UK singer, songwriter and violinist. Bobby V tried to jump start his career by auditioning for the first season of the hit reality show American Idol, but was rejected by judges, Simon Cowell and Randy Jackson. However, with three albums of demos and by chance one of them got in the hands of multi-platinum recording artist Ludacris. Immediately impressed by his talents, Ludacris and his business partner, Chaka Zulu (president of DTP) signed V as the first R&B artist on Disturbing Tha Peace Records. Soon after, V was re-introduced to the world as a solo artist and featured on the hit single, " Pimpin All Over The World " off of Ludacris' multi-platinum selling album " The Red Light District " in 2004.

His first single, 2005's "Slow Down", from his self-titled debut album became a top 10 hit on the U.S. Billboard Hot 100 chart, receiving a huge amount of radio and TV airplay. V released a second single from his debut album, the remixed "Tell Me" featuring Lil Wayne, and a third single " My Angel ."
The first single of his second album, Special Occasion is titled "Turn the Page."The second single, "Anonymous" starring supermodel/co-writer of the song Amber Rives as his love interest and featuring Timbaland, was released and the video first aired on April 9, 2007 on BET.

On April 29, 2008, V will release his first EP named Come With Me. Following the release, in summer 2008 he will release his third album named Underground Love. A single is out now called "Sexy Girl." It is rumored to be on either album.

In a recent interview with DJBooth.net, V stated that he is no longer signed to either Def Jam or Disturbing The Peace. He said:

He was reportedly upset with the delays and poor sales of "Special Occasion," which caused his decision to leave the labels.


Anonymous (song)

"Anonymous" is the second single from Bobby Valentino's second album, Special Occasion. The song features Amber Rives and Timbaland and was produced by Timbaland and King Logan.

The song was written by Ezekiel "Zeke" Lewis, Balewa Muhammad, Candice Nelson, and Patrick Smith of the popular songwriting/production team "The Clutch"... along with Timbaland,Amber Rives and King Logan.The song shares an electronic drum track with Justin Timberlake's "My Love" due to fact that both singles were produced by Timbaland. The song shares a similar vocal and lyric from the Willie Hutch song "Tell Me Why Our Love Turned Cold".

The music video includes supermodel Amber Rives as Bobby's love interest. Timbaland does not appear, although his verse remains in the song.

Mixed drink

A mixed drink is a type of drink where two or more diffent drinks are mixed together to create a new drink. Very often, at least one of the ingredients contains alcohol. Usually, spirits like rum or vodka are used in the mixed drinks containing alcohol. 

Examples of mixed drinks are Rum & Coke and Bundy & Rum.

Alcopops are pre-fabricated mixed drinks. They were mainly made for the young. Often they are made so that the alcohol in them cannot be tasted easily.

Mixed drinks without alcohol are often called virgin.

Smash Mouth

Smash Mouth is a rock band from San Jose, California, USA and Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada.

Formed in 1994, the group is formed by Steve Harwell (lead vocals/Guitar), Greg Camp (guitar), Paul De Lisle (bass), and Kevin Coleman (original drummer). Their most famous song is "Walkin' on the Sun".

Smash Mouth stated music artists include Joe Jackson, Green Day, Beastie Boys, Bob Marley, Elvis Costello, Fishbone, Madness, Red Hot Chili Peppers, The Beat, The Specials, Billy Idol and INXS as influences.


Mallacoota, Victoria

Mallacoota () is a small town in East Gippsland, Victoria, Australia. Less than 1000 people live there. It is 25 kilometres off the Princes Highway and kilometres from Melbourne. It is the last town on Victoria's east coast before the border with New South Wales. Mallacoota has a small airport (Mallacoota Airport) YMCO (XMC) for private small planes.

The Bidawal Aborigines lived there before Europeans came. Europeans came after about 1830. Gold was found in 1894, and was mined for three years. In the 20th century the logging, farming and fishing industries declined, and the tourism and abalone industries grew. The town's largest business, the abalone co-operative, was started in 1967.

Cancuén

Cancuén is an archaeological site of the pre-Columbian Maya civilization, It can be found in the Pasión subregion of the central Maya lowlands. It is located in the present-day Guatemalan Department of El Petén. The city is famous because it has one of the largest palaces in the Maya world.

Cancuén was a major city during the Classic Period. It reached its peak during the seventh century A.D. The city was a major trade center. Especially jade, pyrite and obsidian were traded there. Its strategic position on the Río Pasion helped it dominate trade in the region. Tajal Chan Ahk, one of the city's most powerful rulers, built the city's palace in 770 A.D. The palace covered nearly 23,000 square meters and contained 200 rooms, making it the largest in the Maya area. The city had two ball courts, a large marketplace and a dock on La Pasion River. There are only few large temples or burial sites in the city; it is thought that the inhabitants of Cancuén worshipped and buried their dead in the mountains near the city. Several dozen bodies dressed in royal garments were discovered near the base of the central pyramid. Investigations have shown that the bodies, including the city's ruler at the time, Kan Maax, had been executed and dumped in a cistern. The massacre occurred around 800 A.D., at the time when the Mayan civilization collapsed.



Rum

Rum is an alcoholic spirit. It is made from molasses and other sugarcane by-products through fermentation and distillation. Rum is mostly made in or around the Caribbean. Rum is also made in other parts of the world, like Fiji or Australia.

Pridon Khalvashi

Pridon Khalvashi (; born 17 May 1925 – July 8 2010) is one of the famous Georgian writers who contributed Georgian poetry and literature, as well as its political and social life.

He was born in western Georgia, in mountainous village of Adjara, called Gegelidzeebi on 17th of May in 1925.
In 1938-1940 he studied at cultural-educational centre of Batumi and in 1950 he graduated Batumi Pedagogical Institute. The starting point of his career is 1949, when his first book of poems called "In the country of Sun" was published.

The poetry of Pridon Khalvashi is created on the basis of historical tragedy of south-western Georgia. At the end of 16th century, the south-western part of Georgia was occupied by the Ottoman Empire. Since then, the region of Ajara, where the writer was born became a part of Turkey until the end of 19th century. His poems and novels express the idea of national unity and feelings that Adjarians experienced while they were under the rule of Turkey.

Pridon Khalvashi is the author of more than 20 poetry books such as "Thought at Chorokhi" (1960), "Please" (1962), "Consolation" (1969). Pridon Khalvashi wrote several dramatic compositions, "The Call of Khikhani" (1958), "The Survived Eternity" (1959) and "Weeping of the Vine" (1962) that were performed at different Georgian theatres. Pridon Khalvashi's poems are translated into several foreign languages such as Russian and Turkish. For the book of poetry called "Hundred Sun of the Mother's Heart", he was awarded by Shota Rustaveli State Prize in 1979.

From 1995 to 1999, Khalvashi was a member of the Georgian Parliament, serving as a member of the Committee On Education, Science and Culture; member of the Committee On Migration and the Compatriots Residing Abroad; and member of Revival Faction. He was also the former head of the Ajar branch of the Georgian writer's union.

Pridon Khalvashi died on July 8, 2010 in Village Gegelidzeebi, Adjara, Georgia.


Bill Kaulitz

Bill Kaulitz (born September 1, 1989 in Leipzig, Germany) is the lead singer of Tokio Hotel. He is an identical brother of Tom Kaulitz. Bill is ten minutes younger then Tom. They are originally from Magdeburg, Germany. Before Tokio Hotel, the band was called Devlish. Bill was on the German star search even though he lost in 2001. By Bill doing the German star search he gained attention from Peter Hoffman. Tokio Hotel soon got a contract with Sony but in 2005 Sony terminated their contract. After the first European tour, Bill lost his voice and found out he had cyst on his vocal cords. He had surgery and was in rehab for three weeks, then went back to performing concerts with the band. Currently, he is living life happily in Los Angeles, as he just released a new tour for 2025 for his band Tokio Hotel. 

Western Front (World War I)

The Western Front was started by the German Army invading Luxembourg and Belgium at the beginning of World War I in 1914 and gaining military control of many important industrial regions in France. Its quick advance was stopped by the Battle of the Marne. Both sides then dug defensive trenches, which eventually reached from the North Sea to the Swiss border with France.

From 1915 to 1917, many offensives were started from the trenches. Both sides used large numbers of artillery and thousands of infantry in the offensives. However, a combination of entrenchments, machine gun nests, barbed wire, and artillery stopped the advances. No major breakthroughs happened.

New military technology, like poison gas, aircraft, and tanks were developed to try and get through the lines of trenches.

The deadlock was caused mostly by both sides not allowing any piece of land to give some kind of advantage to the enemy, even if there was little advantage. As the war continued, and more blood was lost on both sides, the soldiers grew tired of war and had begun to make large threats to the government.

To keep the war effort going, the governments began to say that they would kill soldiers who did not attack and that the soldiers betrayed the army if they did not fight.

Artifact

Artifact or artefact can be any of the following:


Artifact (culture)

An artifact or artefact is an object made or modified by a human culture. It may be found during an archaeological dig.

Some artifacts are stone tools, pottery wheels, jewelry, and clothing. The study of artifacts is central to archaeology.

Coba

Coba () is a big ruined city of the Pre-Columbian Maya civilization. It is in the state of Quintana Roo, Mexico. It is about 90 km east of the Maya site of Chichen Itza, about 40 km west of the Caribbean Sea, and 44 km northwest of the site of Tulum. Coba was thought to have had around 50,000 people living in it.

Coba is an ancient city of the Mayan tribes, where the highest pyramid of the Yucatan is located, which is called «Nohoch Mul».

Its height is 42 m.

Previously, it was possible to climb the pyramid, but now it is closed to the public and you can only study the structure from below.

Tectonics

Tectonics is the study of the earth's structural features, especially the folding and faulting (cracking) of the Earth's crust.

Tectonics (from Latin, meaning "building") is a field within geology. It includes structures in the lithosphere of the Earth and the forces and movements that have operated to create these structures.

Tectonics is concerned with orogenies (mountain building) and major land features. This includes the earthquake and volcanic regions which affect certain parts of the world. This is discussed further in plate tectonics.

Tectonic studies are also important for understanding erosion patterns in geomorphology and as guides for the economic geologist searching for petroleum and metallic ores.

Tajal Chan Ahk

Tajal Chan Ahk, also T'ah 'ak' Cha'an, ruled the Maya city Cancuén from 757 to ca. 799.

Buzău (disambiguation)

Buzău can be any of these places in Romania:

Elsa Einstein

Elsa Einstein, (18 January 1876 - 20 December 1936), was the second wife of the German physicist, Albert Einstein. The couple were first cousins and second cousins. This is because their mothers were sisters and their fathers were first cousins. She was born in Hechingen, Germany.

Prahova

The word Prahova can be any of these places in Romania:

Creation Museum

The Creation Museum is a 75,000 square foot museum near Petersburg, Kentucky, United States. It was made to tell the story of Young Earth creationism. The museum shows its view of the theory of the start of the universe, life, mankind, and man's early history. It is based on the book of Genesis in the Bible. This book is the story of how God made the Earth, and all of its life forms in just six days. This is said to have happened about 6000 years ago. The museum rejects evolution, and points to alternative explanations to answer evolutionist's objections. 

The museum has a zoo, botanical gardens, planetarium, theater, bookshop, cafe, and zip-line.

"The state-of-the-art 75,000-square-foot museum brings the pages of the Bible to life, casting its characters and animals in dynamic form and
placing them in familiar settings. Adam and Eve live in the Garden of Eden. Children play and dinosaurs roam near Eden’s Rivers. The serpent coils cunningly in the Tree of the Knowledge of Good and Evil. Majestic murals, great masterpieces brimming with pulsating colors and details, provide a backdrop for many of the settings." - The Creation Museum website

The Creation Museum is run by Answers in Genesis.


George Whitefield

George Whitefield (27 December 1714 – 30 September 1770), was a preacher on the Church of England. He was one of the lead of the Methodist movement. Colonists loved to hear him preach of love and forgiveness as he had a different style of preaching compared to Old World priests. This led to new missionary work in the Americas in converting Indians to Christianity. He helped establish the Evangelical movement, which was based on the idea that salvation could be achieved through believing in Jesus and following God’s word in the Bible.

Timiș (river)

The Timiş or Tamiš (; or "Tamiš"; ; ) is a long river coming up from the Semenic Mountains, the southern part of the Carpathian Mountains, in Caraş-Severin County, Romania. It flows through the Banat region and into the Danube near Pančevo, in the northern part of Serbia.

The Timiş River's drainage area covers . This includes in Romania and in Serbia. 

The river starts at the joining of the headwaters Brebu, Grădiştea and Semenic in Lake Trei Ape.

The river flows through Romania for .

These are the tributaries of the Timiş River: Râul Rece, Slatina, Valea Mare, Măcicaş River, Pârâul Lung, Armeniş River, Sebeş, Bistra, Şurgani River, Timişana, Pogăniş River, Timişul Mort River and Vena Mare. In its course through Serbia, it has only one tributary, Brzava, which is the longest one.

Big cities in the rivers Romanian flow are Caransebeş and Lugoj.

These are the smaller smaller towns and cities along the Timiş River:

One of the big Romanian cities, Timişoara, though the name makes it seem like it, is not settled on the river. Although, the name comes from the river, when about 800 years ago the region was a swampy one and the Timiş had a very large flow area. In 1728 when the rivers Timiş and Bega were canalized, Timiş stopped to flow through the city.


Timiş

The name Timiş can be any of the following:

These names are close to Timiş:

Nera

Nera mcan be any one of the following:

Communes of Romania

A commune ("comună" in Romanian) is the second lowest level of division in Romania. There are 2,686 communes in Romania. There is no set limit to population in the communes, but once they exceed a population of 10,000 people, the commune gets the status of a city. The first lowest level of division in Romania is called "sat". "Satele" (pl.) are for the "comuna" just like the counties for the state.

Municipalities of Romania

A municipality ("municipiu" in Romanian, from Latin "municipium") is a kind of subdivision in Romania.

The following is a complete list of the municipalities of Romania, by county:

The Way of the Master

The Way of the Master (WOTM) is a Christianity based evangelism ministry. It was started in 2002. The show is hosted by American actor Kirk Cameron, and New Zealand-born evangelist Ray Comfort. The organization has a TV show, many books, and an online school.

The television show, first aired in December 2003. It is a half-hour show hosted by Cameron and Comfort, teaching principles of biblical evangelism. It also shows interviews they have with people on the streets. Two 13-episode seasons have been put on television. They are broadcast by satellites to more than 100 countries. It is also available on DVD.
"The Way of the Master Radio" program was hosted by Christian and former comedian Todd Friel. It also had regular appearances by both Comfort and Cameron. It has faith-related commentary, and humor from Friel, as well as many people evangelizing. The radio program ran from January 2006 until November 2008.

Living Waters Publications (LWP) is like an online store for WOTM. It sells around 80 different gospel tracts. Some of which are the "Million Dollar Bill," "Giant $100 Bill," and "Ten Commandments Coins."


Don't Stop the Music

"Don't Stop the Music" (also known as "Please Don't Stop the Music") is a song reocrded by Barbadian recording artist Rihanna. It was released September 7, 2007 from her third studio album "Good Girl Gone Bad". "Don'y Stop the Music" was written by Tawanna Dabney and Michael Jackson with producers StarGate. The song also samples "Wanna Be Startin' Somethin'" by Michael Jackson.

Nick Carter

Nickolas Gene Carter (born January 28, 1980) is an American actor, musician, and pop singer. He is a member of the music group the Backstreet Boys. In 2002, he released his first solo album called "Now or Never", the album reached #17 on the Billboard 200 chart and was certified gold.

Howie Dorough

Howard Dwaine Dorough (born August 22, 1973), also known as Howie D, is an American singer. He is a member of the boy band Backstreet Boys. As one of the five singers of the Backstreet Boys, Dorough is notable for his high falsetto. As a Backstreet Boy, he has sold over 130 million albums.

On August 16, 2007, Dorough announced his engagement to long-time girlfriend, Leigh Boniello. He asked her to marry him on New Year's Day of that year. The two were married on December 8, 2007. They have one son, James, born in 2009.

A. J. McLean

Alexander James McLean (born January 9, 1978) is an American singer and member of the singing group Backstreet Boys.

In December 2003, McLean and his mother appeared on "The Oprah Winfrey Show" to talk about his recovery from clinical depression, alcoholism, and drug use.

In 2008, McLean performed two solo shows at the Anaheim House of Blues and The Roxy in Los Angeles. The show consisted of his solo material and a solo version of the Backstreet Boys hit, "Incomplete".

Brian Littrell

Brian Thomas Littrell (born February 20, 1975) is an American singer. He is best known as a member of the Backstreet Boys. He is also a contemporary Christian recording artist, and released a solo album, "Welcome Home (You)", in 2006.

In the summer of 2005, Littrell solo single "In Christ Alone" went to #1 on the Christian Charts on July 4th. Littrell was the winner of the 2006 GMA Music Award for Inspirational Recorded Song of the Year, "In Christ Alone," which won both the 1993 award in this category (when recorded by Michael English) and the 1994 Song of the Year at the GMA Music Awards. Brian's first solo album, "Welcome Home (You)" was released on May 2, 2006. As with the Backstreet Boys albums, is a Sony BMG release.

Littrell and his wife Leighanne Littrell have one son together, Baylee Thomas Wylee Littrell, who was born in November 26, 2002.

Kevin Richardson

Kevin Scott Richardson (born October 3, 1971) is an American singer. He is a member of the Backstreet Boys. In 2002, he played the role of "Billy Flynn" in the Broadway production of "Chicago". He also performed this role in London's West End and in Toronto from November 2006 – December 2006.

In June 2006, Richardson left the Backstreet Boys. He wanted to "move on with the next chapter of [his] life."In the next chapter of his life he spent the summer drawing fodder beet. He also drew home a few loads of turf in a little car trailer to have for the winter. Kevin and wife Kristin (née Willits) had a son named Mason on July 3, 2007.

In April 2012, Richardson officially rejoined the group.

Spanish conquest of Yucatán

The Spanish Conquest of Yucatán was the campaign undertaken by the Spanish "conquistadores" against the Late Postclassic Maya states. This part of the conquest and colonization of the Americas began in the early 16th century, but it took more time than the similar campaigns against the Aztec and Inca Empires. It was about 170 years later before the last Maya stronghold fell, that of the Itza capital of Tayasal on Lake Petén Itzá, in 1697. But except for the Petén region and the Guatemalan highlands, the Spanish had control over Yucatán itself already by 1546. 

Unlike the campaigns against the Aztec and Inca states, the Maya had no single political center. Therefore the Spanish had to fight city by city to break resistance by the indigenous peoples. 
In the beginning the "conquistadores" were mainly interested to get as much gold and silver as possible. Because the Maya lands were poor in this respect, they were not very interesting for the Spanish at that stage. But when land workers became important for the colonies, the Spanish turned to the Maya region. That was around the 1520s.



Becquerel

The becquerel (symbol Bq) is the SI derived unit of radioactivity, defined as the activity of a quantity of radioactive material in which one nucleus decays per second.
A petabecquerel is 10 times a becquerel, formula_1 s, s for second, dimensionally is it second minus one, i.e. inverse seconds.

The unit is named in honor of Henri Becquerel. 

Popol Vuh

The Popol Vuh ("K'iche" for "Council Book" or "Book of the Community"; "Popol Wu'uj" in modern spelling) is a book written in the Classical Quiché language. It contains mythological stories and a genealogy of the rulers of the Post-Classic Quiché Maya kingdom of highland Guatemala.

The book contains a creation myth followed by mythological stories of two Hero Twins: Hunahpu (Modern K'iche': "Junajpu") and Xbalanque (Modern K'iche': "Xb‘alanke"). The second part of the book deals with details of the foundation and history of the Quiché kingdom.

The book is written in the Latin alphabet, but it is thought to have been based on an original Maya codex. The original manuscript which was written around 1550 has been lost, but a copy of another handwritten copy in the early 18th century exists today in Chicago.

The significance of the book is enormous since it is one of a small number of early Mesoamerican mythological texts — it is often considered the single most important piece of Mesoamerican literature.

Part 1

Part 2

Part 3

Part 4

The book begins with the creation myth of the K'ichee' Maya, which credits the creation of humans to the three water-dwelling feathered serpents:

and to the three other deities, collectively called "Heart of heaven":

who together attempted to create human beings to keep him company.

Their first attempts proved unsuccessful. They attempted to make man of mud, but man could neither move nor speak. After destroying the mud men, they tried again by creating wooden creatures that could speak but had no soul or blood and quickly forgot him. Angered over the flaws in his creation, they destroyed them by tearing them apart. In their final attempt, the “True People” were constructed with maize. The following is an excerpt of this myth:

The Popol Vuh continues to be an important part in the belief system of many Quiché.

Here are the opening lines of the book, in modernized spelling and punctuation (from Sam Colop's edition):

Here is the opening of the creation story:



Popol Vuh (disambiguation)

Popol Vuh (Quiché for "Council Book" or "Book of the Community"; Popol Wuj in modern spelling) is the book of scripture of the Quiché, a kingdom of the post classic Maya civilization in highland Guatemala.

"Popol Vuh" may also refer to:

Music

North Berwick

North Berwick is a town in East Lothian, Scotland. It is known for its beaches, harbour and golf courses.

The town is close to Edinburgh, the capital city of Scotland.

Jean-Luc Picard

Jean-Luc Picard is a "" character. Patrick Stewart played him. He was the captain of the USS Enterprise-D, and later of the USS Enterprise-E. He was born in la Barre, France, on Earth. He had a brother, named Robert Picard. Jean-Luc was proud of being French.

As a character, Picard is very similar to James T. Kirk, albeit slightly older. While Picard is understood to be French, Kirk is of Irish heritage.

Both require equal discipline of their crews, but are also fair toward them. Both are ready to sacrifice themselves for their crews when need be. Their encounter in the movie "Star Trek – Generations" gave the surviving Picard a great deal of newfound strength to carry on his demanding mission.

Picard was also known as Locutus of the Borg in the episodes "Best of Both Worlds" 1 and 2.


McCune–Reischauer

McCune-Reischauer romanization (Maek'yun-Raisyawŏ P'yogibŏp) is one of the two most widely used Korean language romanization systems, along with the Revised Romanization of Korean, which replaced (a modified) McCune-Reischauer as the official romanization system in South Korea in 2000. Another variant of McCune-Reischauer is used as the official system in North Korea.


Revised Romanization of Korean

The Revised Romanization of Korean is what South Korea uses to turn their writing system into the Roman alphabet. It is meant to replace the McCune–Reischauer system.

These are what the vowels of the Revised Romanization of Korean look like.

Lake Annecy

Lake Annecy ("Lac d'Annecy" in French) is a lake in the Haute-Savoie area of France. It is the second biggest lake in France.

Haute-Savoie

Haute-Savoie is a département in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region of southeastern France, bordering Switzerland and Italy.

Before 1860, the territory of the modern Haute-Savoie and Savoie departments had been part of the Kingdom of Sardinia, as a Duchy, since 1713. Annexation of the region by France was made in 1860. In that year, the Emperor Napoléon III divided the territory in two departments: "Savoie", to the south, with the city of Chambéry, and "Haute-Savoie", to the north, with the city of Annecy.

"Haute" ("High") in the name Haute-Savoie is not because of the altitude but because of its position, to the north, in the territory.

The department of Haute-Savoie was created in 1860 from the northern part of the Duchy of Sardinia with four "arrondissements": Annecy, Bonneville, Saint-Julien and Thonon. The capital was Annecy.

On 10 September 1926, the "arrondissement" of Saint-Julien was eliminated but became again an arrondissement in 1933.

During World War II, the department was occupied by the fascist Italy, from November 1942 to September 1943.

The Haute-Savoie is part of the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region. It has an area of .

The department borders with the Ain and Savoie departments, both in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region, and with Switzerland and Italy.

In the territory of the department is a part of the "Mont Bl"der with Italy. The average altitude of the department is of about . The highest point in the department is "Mont Blanc" (; it is high, the highest point of France, Italy and of Western Europe.

The Haute-Savoie department is within the watershed of the Rhône river but with short rivers. There are two important lakes in the department: the Lake Geneva, shared with Switzerland, and the Lake Annecy.

The Köppen climate classification type for the climate at Annecy is an "Oceanic climate" (also known as Maritime Temperate climate) and of the subtype Cfb.

Haute-Savoie is managed by the "Departmental"

"of Haute-Savoie" in Annecy. The department is part of the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region.

There are 4 "arrondissements" (districts), 17 "cantons" and 281 "communes" (municipalities) in Haute-Savoie.

The following is a list of the 17 cantons of the Haute-Savoie department (with their INSEE codes), following the French canton reorganisation which came into effect in March 2015:

The inhabitants of Haute-Savoie are known, in French, as "Haut-Savoyards" (women: "Haut-Savoyardes").

Haute-Savoie had a population, in 2014, of 783,127, for a population density of inhabitants/km. The "arrondissement" of Annecy, with 276,382 inhabitants, is the "arrondissement" with more inhabitants.
Evolution of the population in Haute-Savoie

The "communes" in the department with more inhabitants are:



Chartres Cathedral

Chartres Cathedral (, "Our Lady of Chartres") is a cathedral. It is in Chartres, about 80 km south of Paris. It is built in the Gothic style. Together with Amiens Cathedral and Reims Cathedral it is considered to be one of the finest examples of Gothic architecture (for churches) in France.

A church was inaugurated at the spot by Charles the Bald in the year 864. The cathedral as it stands now was built from 1194 to 1260. It was made a basilica minor in 1908. In 1964 it was made an World Heritage Site by UNESCO.

Lough Neagh

Lough Neagh is a lake in Northern Ireland, United Kingdom. It is the biggest lake in Ireland and it is also the biggest lake in the United Kingdom. It is the only lake on the islands that a person cannot see the other side.

In Irish mythology a giant called Fionn mac Cumhaill (finn mick cool) was fighting with a Scottish giant and he picked up a big stone to throw at the Scottish giant but he missed. The stone landed half way between Ulster and Wales and it became an island known as the Isle of Man. The hole in the ground where stone stone had been, filled up with water and became Lough Neagh.

Intel Core 2

Intel Core 2 is a group of microprocessors created to replace Intel's previous Core brand. The group includes the single-core "Core 2 Solo", dual-core (2 cores) "Core 2 Duo", and quad-core (4 cores) "Core 2 Quad" microprocessors. Microprocessors with the name "Extreme" following the brand name, such as Core 2 Extreme, are higher in cost, and perform better than the others. The Extreme versions also come in dual-core and quad-core versions.

The processors with names ending in "XE" are the "Extreme" versions. 

Deanna Troi

Deanna Troi is a "" character. Actress Marina Sirtis played the character on the television series and several movies. 

Troi served as the ship's counselor. She is half-human and half-Betazoid. She can sense how others feel. 

She was born on March 29, 2336 on the planet Betazed. She had an older sister, called Kestra. She attended Starfleet Academy between 2355 to 2359. 

She also attended the University on Betazed were she studied psychology.

Soulcalibur

Soulcalibur, known in Japan as (ソウルキャリバー Sourukyaribā), is a fighting video game made by Namco for the Arcades and the Dreamcast video game console.


Disney's Aladdin Junior

Disney's Aladdin Junior ("Aladdin Jr.") is a musical. It is based on the 1992 Disney animated movie, "Aladdin". The music was written by Alan Menken. The lyrics were written by Howard Ashman and Tim Rice. The musical is written to be performed by child actors. It is one of the musicals in the Broadway Junior series by Music Theatre International.


Polynomial

In mathematics, a polynomial is a kind of mathematical expression. It is a sum of several mathematical terms called monomials. That is, a number, a variable, or a product of a number and several variables. When an algebraic expression contains letters mixed with numbers and arithmetic, like formula_1, there is a good chance that it is a polynomial. Polynomials are taught in algebra, which is a gateway course to all technical subjects. Mathematicians, scientists and engineers all use polynomials to solve problems.

In algebra, when letters, numbers, and arithmetic symbols occur together, the understanding is that the letters stand for variables, which are either symbols of their own, numbers not yet known, or numbers that change during the course of the problem (such as time). A polynomial is an algebraic expression in which the only arithmetic is addition, subtraction, multiplication and whole number exponentiation. If harder operations are used, such as division or square roots, then this algebraic expression is not a polynomial. Polynomials are often easier to use than other algebraic expressions.

Polynomials are often used to form polynomial equations, such as the equation formula_2, or polynomial functions, such as formula_3.

Given a series of formula_4 numbers formula_5, a polynomial of variable formula_6 generally takes the form formula_7. The parts of a polynomial separated by plus (or minus) signs are called "terms", and the signs are themselves part of the term. 

Thus, in the polynomial "formula_1", the terms are:

If a polynomial has only one term, it is called a "monomial". Monomial are also the building blocks of polynomials. For example, formula_21 is a monomial. 

In a term, the multiplier out in front is called a "coefficient". The letter is called an "unknown" or a "variable", and the raised number after the letter is called an exponent. On a calculator and some computers, instead of putting an exponent above and to the right of the variable, the symbol ^ is used, so that the monomial above could be written as formula_22^formula_23.

A polynomial with exactly two terms is called a "binomial". A polynomial with exactly three terms is called a "trinomial". Within a term:



Unknown (mathematics)

In mathematics, an unknown is a number that is not known. Unknown numbers are commonly used in algebra, where they are also known as variables . They are represented by symbols such as formula_1, formula_2 and formula_3.

In science, an unknown value is represented by a letter in the Roman or Greek alphabet. They are used most often in physics, where equations are used to describe the relationship between physical properties. For example, in the equation formula_4, the letter "formula_5" represents an unknown (in this case, mass), and the letter "formula_6" also represents an unknown (in this case the amount of energy). If we know the value of all but one of the unknowns, then we would be able to easily find out the value of the last unknown—by "solving" the equation in terms of that last unknown.

When letters in science are used this way, not all of them represent unknowns. Some of them might be physical constants, which are values that are known to be the same and do not change. In the example above, "formula_7" represents a known quantity, the speed of light, which is about 186 thousand miles per second. And because "formula_7" is so large, the formula formula_4 tells a person who understands algebra that in an atomic reaction, a small amount of mass can produce a very large amount of energy.


Agnieszka Włodarczyk

Agnieszka Włodarczyk (born 13 December 1980 in Sławno) is a Polish actress and singer, who won the Polish version of "Soapstar Superstar" ("Jak oni śpiewają") in 2007. She first rose to fame for her role as Agnieszka in the Polish sitcom "13 Posterunek", which was directed by Maciej Slesicki. In addition to series, she has also appeared in a number of other famous Polish sitcoms and movies, including "Świat według Kiepskich", "Nastroje" and in Waldemar Dziki's movie "Pierwszy Milion" (2000r.). In the TV series "Zostac Miss", she plays a student of philosophy, and in "Plebania" she plays Wiki, the sister of a vicar. In 2002, she had a role in Olaf Lubaszenko's comedy "E=MC2". Since 2003, she has had a role in the series “Czego sie boją faceci, czyli seks w mniejszym miescie”. In 2004, she took part in "Nigdy w Życiu!" as Jola. She also performed in the series "Dziki" (2004r.) and in its sequel "Dziki 2. Pojedynek" (2005r.). She has recently signed a contract with the Polish publishing-house My Music.



The Last of the Clan McDuck

The Last of the Clan McDuck is a comic about Scrooge McDuck. It is the first chapter of "The Life and Times of Scrooge McDuck". The story is set from 1877 to 1880 when Scrooge is a child. At his 10th birthday, Scrooge goes with his father, Fergus, to visit the McDuck family castle. Fergus tells him the history of Clan McDuck.


The Master of the Mississippi

"The Master of the Mississippi" is the second chapter of "The Life and Times of Scrooge McDuck".

Scrooge comes to America. Here he begins to work on his uncle Pothole McDuck's boat. Scrooge has his first adventure with the Beagle Boys finding a lost treasure. The Beagles are arrested by the police and Scrooge buys his uncle's boat. The Beagles then escape and destroy Scrooge's boat.

The Richest Duck in the World

"The Richest Duck in the World" is the last chapter of "The life and times of Scrooge McDuck".

The chapter began like the movie "Citizen Kane": opened at a huge dark mansion here somebody sit down on a chair say a word. At a street, Donald Duck and his nephews are watching TV: Scrooge is retired and lives in Manor McDuck, closed his empire. At Scrooge's mansion, Scrooge is irrited when Donald says that he spent most of his fortune into luxuries. To prove that he be wrong, Scrooge brings them up to Money Bin shows where his vault full of money. The Beagles try to steal the fortune but Scrooge and the boys pursuing us down the street and catch them. Scrooge decides to return to work and he vai begin to sell his mansion.

Online pharmacy

An online pharmacy is a pharmacy that operates on the Internet to sell medications to consumers. There are online pharmacies in many countries of the world—from India, the U.S., Germany, the UK—and many other nations that sell to consumers in their own countries and often to consumers worldwide.

Depending on its location and local regulations, an online pharmacy may or may not require prescriptions to purchase prescription medications.

Prices at a given online pharmacy can vary from one city or country to another. Typically, drug prices at online pharmacies located in countries with drug price controls in place (i.e., India, UK, Germany, South Africa) will have more affordable costs. In contrast, costs at pharmacies in countries where there are no drug price controls (i.e., U.S.) will usually be much higher. Especially for consumers seeking low-priced medications, it can be very worthwhile to compare prices at various online pharmacies. Prices can vary as much as 80 percent or more for one medication from one country to another.



Juan Egenau

Juan Egenau Moore (24 February 1927 – 22 April 1987) was a Chilean sculptor.

Egenau first worked in enamel and in engraving on metal.

While studying casting on a Fulbright scholarship in 1968 at the Rhode Island School of Design in Providence, Rhode Island, he developed a way of modelling for sand-casting in aluminium.


Foramen magnum

The foramen magnum is one of several holes in the base of the skull. Normally the spinal cord is attached to it.
The Foramen Magnum is the largest aperture in the primate body. This hole is located in the base of the human skull as part of the occipital bone, back of the monkey skull and in between those locations for apes. It is directly correlated with locomotion ( Humans are bipedal, monkeys quadrupedal and apes are knuckle walkers. )

Bipedalism

Bipedalism is a form of movement on the ground. Some tetrapods have evolved the ability to move on two limbs. Those that do, use their rear limbs. Some animals move on two limbs all the time, they are called "habitual bipeds". "Optional bipeds" can move on two or four legs.

Early quadruped animals used all four limbs for locomotion but many later ones are bipedal. The earliest dinosaurs were bipedal but millions of years later some reverted and became quadrupeds. Birds are descendants of bipedal dinosaurs, and are bipeds themselves. Their forelimbs have become wings. 

Some optional bipeds stand on two legs to drive away competitors and predators, to see farther, or as body language. Their locomotion is on four limbs. 


Taung Child

The Taung Child is a fossil of a skull. The skull also has an imprint of the brain. It belongs to an "Australopithecus africanus". It was discovered in 1924 by a quarryman working for the Northern Lime Company in Taung, South Africa. Raymond Dart, an anatomist at the University of Witwatersrand, looked at the fossil, and saw its importance. Dart published his account in the journal "Nature" in 1925, describing it as a new species. 

British anthropologists at the time believed in the Piltdown Man. This hoax had a large brain and ape-like teeth – the exact opposite of the Taung Child – so Dart's finding was not appreciated for decades.

The fossil consists of most of the skull, face and mandible with teeth. It also has a natural endocast (imprint) of the braincase. It is about 2.5 million years old.

Taung Child is believed to have been about three years old at the time of its death. It was a creature standing 3' 6" (105 cm) at approximately 20-24 pounds. Taung Child had a cranial capacity of 340 cc, living mainly in a savanna habitat. Examinations of Taung Child compared to that of an equivalent 9-year-old child suggest that "A. africanus" had a growth rate to adolescence which is about the same as that found in modern apes like chimpanzees rather than that of modern "Homo sapiens". However, later species such as "Homo ergaster"/"Homo erectus" went through growth at rates between modern humans and apes. The evidence has mostly been based on that of Turkana boy discovered in 1984.

In early 2006 it was announced that the Taung Child was likely killed by an eagle (or similar large predatory bird). This conclusion was reached by noting similarities in the damage to the skull and eye sockets of the Taung Child to the skulls of primates known to have been killed by modern eagles.

The left hand side of the endocast of the Taung child is covered in beautiful calcium carbonate crystals.

Its significance lies in the fact that this was the first of the fossils which had been found in the twenties and thirties to provide evidence that humans indeed have a 'natural history' all of their own – just as Darwin had predicted. 

The skull is now in repository at the University of Witwatersrand.


Dennis Rodman

Dennis Keith Rodman (born May 13, 1961) played basketball in the National Basketball Association (NBA) from 1986 to 2000. He won two championships with the Detroit Pistons and three more with the Chicago Bulls. Even though he was only 6'7" tall, many people think he was the best rebounder in NBA history. He led the NBA in rebounding for a record seven straight seasons. Only Wilt Chamberlain led the NBA in rebounding for more total seasons in a career. Rodman has the highest rebound rate since the statistic began in 1970-71. Although Rodman began his career as a bench player, he holds the highest rebounds per game average since offensive and defensive rebounds began in 1973-74. When he became a full-time starter, Rodman often got more rebounds than the other team's starting players got combined. He could predict where missed shots would go and knew how to tip the ball to himself for a rebound. Rodman watched film of player's shots to become a better rebounder. Rodman is also known as one of the greatest defensive players of all time, and not just for his defensive rebounds, but his hustle defense. During his time with the Detroit Pistons, Rodman was considered by many to be the best defensive basketball player in the world (Hakeem Olajuwon was the other main contender for the title), as highlighted by his back-to-back NBA Defensive Player of the Year Awards in 1990 and 1991.

Rodman was famous for dyeing his hair different colors and having many tattoos and body piercings, which he began to have after being traded by the Detroit Pistons. He has been in a few movies and television programs.

His nicknames are Worm (later called The Worm), Dennis the Menace, D-Rod, Rodzilla (which he named himself towards the end of the Bulls championship dynasty), Demolition Man, and El Loco (given to him by Spanish-language announcers, which translates as "The Madman").


Coconut water

Coconut water is the liquid inside young coconuts. Coconut water is a popular drink in tropical islands especially in tropical Asia, Pacific Islands, and the Caribbean. It is packaged and sold. It is sometimes sold as a sports drink, but not everyone agrees that it should be called a sports drink. Coconuts hold the most water when they are young and green. Coconuts in different parts of the world do not taste the same. Pakistani Coconuts are salty, and Brazilian Coconuts have sweeter water. The water inside dark brown rotted coconuts is bitter.

Ralph Ellison

Ralph Waldo Ellison (March 1, 1913–April 16, 1994) was an African-American writer. He was born in Oklahoma and studied at the Tuskegee Institute. 

Ellison is most famous for writing "Invisible Man", a novel about racism and African American identity. The narrator of the book calls himself an invisible man because people refuse to see him for who he really is. "Invisible Man" won a National Book Award and is still read today by many students and scholars. 

Besides "Invisible Man", Ellison wrote many essays. He was very interested in music, especially jazz. He started a second novel, called "Juneteenth", but never finished it. 


Federal government of the United States

The federal government of the United States has three branches of government: the legislature, executive, and judiciary, as established in the United States Constitution. 

When the Founding Fathers wrote the Constitution, they wanted to make sure that their new government would not have any of the problems that the colonial British government did. For example, they did not want there to be any person in the government who had complete power and could do whatever he wanted, like a king. They also did not want any part of the government to get so powerful that nobody could control it. Because of this, they split the government's power into three different branches. Each branch has ways of balancing out the power of another branch if it gets too powerful. This is called the system of checks and balances.

The executive branch is the part of the government that enforces the law. Members of the U.S. Electoral College elect a President, who is the leader of the executive branch. The President is also the leader of the Armed Forces.
The President cannot make laws. This is a "check" on the President's power, so he cannot make laws to give himself more power. However, when the Legislative branch passes a law, the President can decide whether or not to veto the law. In this way, the President can "check" the power of the Legislature.

The President may also make "executive orders" to make sure that people follow the law. One famous executive order was President Abraham Lincoln's Emancipation Proclamation. Another was President Dwight D. Eisenhower's order to send 1,200 soldiers from the 101st Airborne Division to allow the Little Rock Nine into a school that refused to admit African American students.

The President is in charge of many departments that control much of the day-to-day business of government. For example, the Department of Commerce makes rules about trade and business. The President chooses the heads of these departments, and also nominates judges at the federal (nation-wide) level. However, the United States Senate, part of the legislative branch, must agree with all of the people the President chooses. This is another check on the President's power, so he cannot just fill these departments and courts with people that will always agree with him.

The President may serve two 4-year terms, making 8 years in all. The purpose of this rule is to prevent a person from staying President for his whole life, like a king. In special times, the President could serve more than this, but the Constitution does not allow them to be President for more than 10 years.

The Judiciary branch is made up of federal courts: the United States Supreme Court; 13 appellate (appeals) courts, and 94 district courts, as well as some other special courts. The Judicial branch interprets the laws. This means that if there is a question about what a law means, or whether something is illegal, these courts decide.
The duties of the judicial branch include:


Most cases brought before the Supreme Court are appeals that have been tried in the district or appellate courts, but the Supreme Court does not have to accept a case. Once a decision has been made by the Supreme Court, that is the final decision. Only another Supreme Court decision, in another case, can change it.

Of the nine Supreme Court justices (judges), one is selected to be the Chief Justice. The Chief Justice assigns justices to write the Court's opinions and decisions.

Cases normally go through trial with a judge, and sometimes a jury, in the District Courts. If a Defendant thinks that their rights were violated, or denied to them, during trial, then they can appeal to a Court of Appeals. These court hearings are decided on by a group of three judges, with no jury.

The legislative branch is the part of the government that makes laws. The legislative branch is called Congress. Congress is divided into two "houses."

One house is the United States House of Representatives (often just called "The House"). The House of Representatives is made up of Representatives (also called Congressmen). They are each elected by voters from their own state. Each state has a different number of Representatives. The number depends on how many people live in the state. The more people a state has, the more representatives it gets. Every 10 years, the U.S. Census Bureau does a census, or count, of the population of the United States. States may gain or lose Representatives if the Census shows that the state's population has changed. As of 2016, there are 435 Representatives in the House.

Representatives serve two-year terms. The leader of the House of Representatives is the Speaker of the House, who is also the person who would become president if the President and Vice President were unable.

Every state also has its own state House of Representatives. This should not be confused with the United States House of Representatives. Each state's House of Representatives only deals with issues that affect that state. The United States House of Representatives deals with issues that affect the whole country.

The other house is the United States Senate. In the Senate, each state is represented equally, by two Senators. Because there are 50 states, there are 100 senators. Before the President makes treaties or hires officials, the Senate must approve them.

Senators serve six-year terms. The Vice President of the United States serves as president of the Senate, but may only vote on something to break a tie vote. The Vice President is usually absent from the Senate, and a Senator is selected to serve as president pro tempore, or temporary president, of the Senate.

Each state also has its own state Senate. Like with the House, this should not be confused with the United States Senate, which deals with federal issues.

Representatives and Senators suggest laws, called "bills", in their separate houses. A bill may be voted upon by the entire house right away, or may first go to a small group of members of that house, known as a committee, which may recommend a bill for a vote by the whole house. If one house votes to pass a bill, the bill then gets sent to the other house. if both houses vote for it, it is then sent to the President. The President may sign the bill, ignore it, or veto it. If the President signs or ignores the bill, it becomes a federal law. If the President vetoes the bill, it is sent back to Congress. If Congress votes again and at least two-thirds of Congress votes for the bill, it becomes law. The President cannot veto it again. This is another check on the President's power.

Under the American system of federalism, Congress may not make laws that directly control the states. Instead, Congress may use the promise of federal funds or special situations, such as national emergencies, to encourage the states to follow federal law. This system is both complex and unique.

Executive branch:
Judicial branch:
Legislative branch:
The whole federal government is based on:


Draco Malfoy

Draco Ferret Malfoy is a fictional character from the "Harry Potter" series written by J. K. Rowling. Malfoy is an antagonist, a Slytherin student in Harry Potter's year and Harry's main rival in school. In the "Harry Potter" movies, he is played by Thomas Felton.

The fictional Draco Malfoy is described as having a pale, pointed face, sleek white-blond hair and light icy gray eyes that seem cold.

Draco Malfoy is depicted as a manipulative villain, exhibiting cunning use of magic and an ambitious attitude to get what he wants in the stories. 

Draco Malfoy is the only child of Lucius and Narcissa Malfoy, a member of the Black family, whose cousin is Harry Potter's godfather. Draco’s family was “one of the first to come back to the good side after the Wizarding War ended and Voldemort was defeated.” In a stage play towards the end of "Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows Part 2," Malfoy married Astoria Greengrass, a fellow housemate and had an only child, Scorpius Malfoy, who is identical to Draco. Astoria later died from blood malediction in 2017, which leaves Draco devastated.

Draco Malfoy's father taught Draco Malfoy to bully Harry and his friends Ron, Hermione and Neville Longbottom. In the second book, he mocks Hermione by calling her "Mudblood", insulting her for her Muggle origins. In the sixth book of the Harry Potter series, Draco becomes a Death Eater, thinking it will make his father proud. But, he realizes his mistake and when asked by Voldemort to murder Professor Dumbledore, he is unable to do so. Severus Snape commits the murder after he took the unbreakable vow to protect Malfoy. With Dumbledore's death, Malfoy becomes the master of the powerful Elder Wand. He disarms Dumbledore and he is later disarmed by Harry Potter. 

Ducktales: Treasure of the Golden Suns

Ducktales:Treasure of the Golden Suns is the pilot of the series DuckTales.

The shows opens at Duckburg. After Donald Duck enlists in the navy, Uncle Scrooge has to take care of grand-nephews Huey, Dewey, and Louie. Uncle Scrooge brings the boys to the McDuck's mansion where they are presented to Duckworth, the butler. The nephews are forced to sleep in the attic. Days later, Donald sends a letter to the nephews that tells of his experiences in the Navy. The nephews try to follow Uncle Scrooge but they are held by Duckworth in the Hall. After breaking out of the room, the kids leave the mansion and follow Uncle Scrooge to Money Bin, where the boys find a model boat at the museum. Meanwhile, an evil man named El Capitan hires the Beagle Boys (named Bigtime, Bankjob and Burger) to steal a boat model from Scrooge. In the mansion, the nephews hear Scrooge speak ill of them and they run away. 

They see the Beagles entering the Money Bin and decide to stop him. The Beagles have a map of the building, but when they find the nephews, Bigtime orders the other Beagles to catch them. Unfortunately, the Beagles manage to escape with the boat model. The nephews return to the mansion with the map, but Scrooge holds them responsible for the disappearance of the boat and closes them again in the attic. The nephews build a glider with the help of a Junior Woodchucks manual and flee the mansion of Uncle Scrooge. In the theater, El Capitan explains that the boat is really a map that leads to a treasure. The nephews get the boat back and flee to the McDuck candy factory. The Beagles are covered with chocolate and Scrooge apologizes to his nephews for not believing them.
Back at the mansion, the nephews decipher the code written on the map, but refuse to tell Uncle Scrooge unless he lets them participate in the treasure hunt. At that point, Glomgold, a millionaire rival, comes to pay $2,000,000 for Scrooge's candy factory. Glomgold bets that he can make more money in two weeks or he will eat Scrooge's hat. Uncle Scrooge and his nephews rent a cheap plane to go to South America to a place named Ronguay. When they arrive, the people who live there try to run away in the plane because Monsopies are coming, which Uncle Scrooge believes is a festival. 

The ducks get a llama to carry their baggage and supplies to build a camp.

Huey reads in the manual of Junior Woodchucks what Monsopies is. It is not a festival. It is a flood that occurs every 100 years and covers the whole country with water. When the Monsopies begins, the provisions flow away in the mud. The ducks sleep in a cave, but the villains block the exit with a stone. Fortunately the ducks find another exit and also a wrecked boat full of gold. After repairing the boat, they use the flooding waters to navigate out of Ronguay to escape. 

On the sea, El Capitan and Glomgold snap up the boat and leave the heroes in a life-boat. Glomgold tosses one of the golden coins to Scrooge. The boat with all the gold ship sinks and wrecks. Since Uncle Scrooge now has a golden coin from the treasure, he has earned the most money. Glomgold has lost his bet.

PCLinuxOS

PCLinuxOS is a Linux operating system. It is a free operating system for personal computers. It was made to be easy to use.

The start of PCLinuxOS was a set of RPM packages created to improve successive versions of Mandrake Linux (now Mandriva Linux). These packages were created by Bill Reynolds, a packager better known as "Texstar". From the year 2000 to 2003, Texstar maintained his repository of RPM packages in parallel with the PCLinuxOnline Web site. In an interview, Reynolds said he started PCLinuxOS "to provide an outlet for [his] crazy desire to package source code without having to deal with egos, arrogance and politics."

In 2003 Texstar created a fork of Mandrake Linux 9.2 (which was released in October 2003). Working closely with The Live CD Project, Texstar has since developed that fork independently into a full-fledged distribution. The initial releases were successively numbered as "previews" i.e. p5, p7, p8 up to p81a, then p9, p91, p92.

In August 2006 three new CDs/ISOs, numbered 0.93a, were released: "MiniMe", "Junior" and "Big Daddy". At the same time, the original packages that make up the KDE desktop environment were split into smaller ones, while some less essential portions of KDE were not on the CD. As a result, Texstar was able to fit the OpenOffice.org package into the BigDaddy release. MiniMe remains a minimal "Live & Install" CD for experienced users wishing to add their own selection of packages, while Junior adds a few essential desktop-oriented packages, meeting the user somewhere between the two other releases. PCLinuxOS 2008 "MiniMe" edition, was released on 2008-01-07.

With the advent of PCLinuxOS 2007, also known as .94, PCLinuxOS became rebased on Mandriva Linux 2007. This implied a shift to a more modern code which would require a complete reinstall to this version. The new version features a new look, and built-in 3D effects. Both Beryl and Compiz come pre-installed, and can be configured with the PCLOS Control Center. A new logo was designed for the new version, and is incorporated in the boot screen. A new login screen has been designed, entitled "Dark". PCLinuxOS 2007 final version was released on 2007-05-21.

PCLinuxOS Gnome 2008, a remastered, community edition of PCLinuxOS featuring the GNOME 2.21.2 desktop (and sporting a look similar to Microsoft's Windows Vista), was released on March 21, 2008, and is currently hosted at linuxgator.org .

PCLinuxOS is distributed as a Live CD, which can also be installed to a local hard disk drive. When used as a Live CD, it can work with a USB flash drive, where the user's configuration and personal data are saved. The entire CD can be copied to and run from memory (if the system has sufficient RAM) increasing speed. PCLinuxOS uses the Advanced Packaging Tool (or APT), a package management system (originally from the Debian distribution), together with Synaptic Package Manager, a GUI front end to APT, in order to add, remove or update packages. If there is enough memory on the machine and a network connection, the Live CD can update packages. PCLinuxOS is also designed to be easy to remaster after installation, creating a personalized CD, using the mklivecd tool.

Although it retains a similar "look and feel" to Mandriva Linux, PCLinuxOS has changed significantly. The code was officially forked into an independent project in 2003, but after three years of contiguous development, the devs took advantage of further development in (the renamed) Mandriva, and forked the code again for PCLinuxOS 2007.

PCLinuxOS maintains its own software repository, available via the Advanced Packaging Tool and its Synaptic front-end, completely replacing Mandriva's urpmi. PCLinuxOS endeavors to maintain a fully valid upgrade path for version 1.0. This means that an installation could be continuously updated to the latest versions of packages, without the need to re-install the entire distribution upon each successive release. In the test releases before 1.0, it has sometimes been necessary to perform a reinstallation.

Other differences include its own menu arrangement and custom graphics and icon sets.

PCLinuxOS places specific emphasis on desktop computing, concentrating its efforts for home or small business environments, hence paying less attention to other more "traditional" uses, like servers (although packages for most server tasks are available).

There are several community projects associated with PCLinuxOS. Since PCLOS includes the mklivecd script, there are several third-party distributions based on PCLOS. Some include: 

The PCLinuxOS Magazine project is a community driven free publication focused on the users of PCLinuxOS by MyPCLinuxOS.com. This online publication was started in September 2006 by a group of PCLOS users with some publication experience. All content for the publication is solicited from the PCLOS user base.

The PCLinuxOS beautification project encourages and hosts user submitted media for visual aspects of PCLinuxos.

All the above projects are tracked and have forums on the larger MyPCLinuxOS , whose stated purpose is to be "the home site of all community projects related to PCLinuxOS", and offers help and support "whether you're looking to start a project,[or] join a project"



Nutrition

Nutrition provides the cells of an organism with food, in a form they can use. Organisms need food to be able to keep their bodies working properly. They also need food to be able to do certain things. Malnutrition can happen when a person does not eat the right amount of nutrients. They can get better by changing their diet to have the right amount of the various nutrients.

Different organisms have different food requirements, and they eat different things in order to meet those requirements. Animals that do not eat meat, for example, will have to get certain nutrients like protein from other foods.

A nutrition expert is called a dietician. Nutritionists are different because they do not need the government to recognize them as experts. Anyone can call themselves a nutritionist.

The six main types of nutrient are carbohydrates, fats, minerals, protein, vitamins, and water. A macronutrient is a nutrient that needs to be eaten a lot. A micronutrient, such as a vitamin, is needed in smaller amounts, but it is still important. Carbohydrates are not needed by the body but most people eat a lot of them. Complex carbohydrates are more nutritious than simple carbohydrates. Complex carbohydrates are found in vegetables while simple carbohydrates are found in processed foods. They take longer to digest because they have more fiber. Because they stay in the stomach for longer they leave the person who has eaten them feeling fuller for longer. Protein is needed for building cells. It is found in milk, meat, fish, beans, eggs and other foods like quinoa. Protein is made of amino acids.

Fat is found naturally in some foods. People often eat it in processed foods such as cakes and chocolate. It is high in energy. Omega 3 and omega 6 fats are needed by the body. There are saturated fats and unsaturated fats. It is recommended that people avoid the saturated type. It has been linked with heart disease. Trans fats is also a fat people should avoid. A lot of people think that fat is bad in general, but it is still controversial. People are also advised not to eat too much sugar or salt.

Most people eat three meals a day. Eating every few hours keeps blood sugar stable. Some foods are good for us and some foods are bad.


Lei (Hawaii)

A lei is a flower necklace from Hawaii. The flower used most is the hibiscus or the orchid. May First is called "Lei Day" in Hawaii.

Orchid

The orchids are a large family of flowering plants, the Orchidaceae. They are herbaceous monocots.

There are between 22,000 and 26,000 species in 880 genera. They make up between 6 and 11% of all seed plants. Orchids can be found in almost every country in the world except for Antarctica.

People have grown orchids for a number of years. They grow orchids for show, for science, or for food (for example, vanilla).

Some orchids have very special ways of pollination. For example, the Lady's Slipper can trap insects and make them pollinate the flower. Another instance is the Austrian orchid, which grows underground and is pollinated by ants.

Many orchids are myco-heterotrophs, meaning their roots need fungi to break down organic material for them to absorb.

Colombia and Ecuador have many different species. The Brazilian Atlantic Forest has over 1500 species. Other places with great variety are the mountains in the southern Himalayas in India and China. The mountains of Central America and southeastern Africa also have various species, especially on the island of Madagascar.

Ecuador has 3459 species, the greatest number recorded. After Ecuador is Colombia, which has 2723.[2] Following Colombia are New Guinea (2717 species) and Brazil (2590 species).

In warm places where there is much grass, or in places where there is dry savanna and rocky fields, orchids grow in the ground. They have firm underground roots and sometimes have tubers to help protect themselves against cold or snow. The tubers also help protect them against long droughts or fires. The cold would freeze the roots if they were not protected to store the nutrients they need for blooming in the spring.

It is thought that some species are becoming extinct in the wild. This is mainly because people cut down forests for agriculture.

The complex cross-pollination mechanisms were described by Charles Darwin in his 1862 book, "The Fertilization of Orchids". Orchids have developed special pollination systems. The chances of being pollinated are often scarce, so orchid flowers usually remain receptive for very long periods, and most orchids deliver pollen in a single mass. Each time pollination succeeds, thousands of ovules can be fertilized. "Catasetum", a genus discussed briefly by Darwin, actually launches its sticky pollinia with explosive force when an insect touches a seta (hair), knocking the pollinator off the flower.

Pollinators are often visually attracted by the shape and color of the flower. The flowers may produce attractive odors. In some extremely specialized orchids, such as the Eurasian genus "Ophrys", the labellum is adapted to have a color, shape, and odour that attracts male insects via mimicry of a receptive female. Pollination happens as the insect attempts to mate with flowers.

Many neotropical orchids are pollinated by male orchid bees, which visit the flowers to gather the volatile chemicals they require to synthesize pheromonal attractants. Each type of orchid places the pollinia on a different body part of a different species of bee, so as to enforce proper cross-pollination. After pollination, the sepals and petals fade and wilt, but they usually remain attached to the ovary.

An underground orchid in Australia, "Rhizanthella slateri", is never exposed to light and depends on ants and other terrestrial insects to pollinate it.

Some orchids mainly or totally rely on self-pollination, especially in colder regions where pollinators are rare.

The ovary typically develops into a capsule that splits along three or six longitudinal slits, while remaining closed at both ends. The ripening of a capsule can take two to 18 months.

The seeds are extremely small and very numerous, in some species over a million per capsule. After ripening, they blow off like dust particles or spores. They lack the food reserve called endosperm, so must have symbiosis with fungi to get nutrients to germinate. All orchid species rely on fungi to complete their lifecycles. As the chance for a seed to meet a fitting fungus is very small, only a minute fraction of all the seeds released grow into adult plants.

In cultivation, germination typically takes weeks. Horticultural techniques have been devised for germinating seeds on a nutrient-containing gel, so they do not need the fungus for germination.

The main component for the sowing of orchids in artificial conditions is agar. The substance is put together with some type of carbohydrate (actually, some kind of glucose) which provides qualitative organic feed. Such substance may be banana, pineapple, peach or even tomato puree or coconut milk. After the "cooking" of the agar agar (it has to be cooked in sterile conditions), the mix is poured into test tubes or jars where the substance begins to gel.


Lei

Lei could mean:


LEI could mean:

LEIS might mean:

Steve Buscemi

Steven Vincent Buscemi (born December 13, 1957) is an American actor, director, producer, writer and former firefighter. He is best known for his roles as Mr. Pink in "Reservoir Dogs", Carl Showalter in "Fargo", and Seymour in "Ghost World". With a long career, he has worked in several movies and television shows like "The Sopranos" and "The Simpsons". He was married to Jo Andres from 1987 until her death in 2019. They have a son, Lucian Buscemi.


Survey

Survey could mean:







Closet

A closet is a small room in which people put their clothes. It is usually not bigger than a garage or a basement. It is not a wardrobe, it is a room. Some people put things inside it other than clothes.

FreeDOS

FreeDOS is a free and open source operating system. It is made to work just like MS-DOS. Almost all programs that will run on MS-DOS will run on FreeDOS too. It was created because Microsoft did not want to make MS-DOS anymore. FreeDOS can be installed with a floppy or with a CD.


List of The Buzz on Maggie Episodes

This article contains information on every episode in Disney's "The Buzz on Maggie".

Maggie wants to see an FM-rated movie called The Flyinator 3, but she gets frightened from seeing it. And when she comes home, her entire family, even Bella, turn into a bunch of Flyinators, but that's only in Maggie's imagination.

A ladybug comes to Buzzdale Academy and bosses other students, and lies about what a superior life she had in Beverly Gardens, but Maggie unveils the lies.

When Maggie realizes that her older brother, Aldrin, can beat Pupert, Maggie's younger brother, at everyething, she devises a new game called "funball" so that Pupert can beat Aldrin at something. But Aldrin gets the hang of things and eventually wins.

Coahoma County, Mississippi

Coahoma County is a county in the northwestern part of Mississippi. As of the 2020 census, 21,390 people lived there. Its capital is Clarksdale. It was started on February 9, 1836. "Coahoma" is a Choctaw word that means "red panther."

Province of Trento

The Province of Trento (), also called Trentino, is an autonomous province of Italy.

Trentino is an alpine region of northern Italy. The population has been neolatin since the fall of the Roman empire. Trentino and Trento are famous tourist destinations.

During the Middle Ages the Catholic Church controlled Trento, while Austria controlled the area since the beginning of the Renaissance.

In the 16th century Trento became notable for the Council of Trent (1545–1563) which started the Counter-Reformation. The introduction of the Counter-Reformation in Trentino brought also a general recovery of Italian language over German, as the Protestant ideas had found more followers in the small German-speaking population.

During WWI, Trentino was at the center of bloody battles between Italians and Austrians: Trentino was united to Italy in 1918. Italian irredentism welcomed the union. It was followed by fascist improvements of the Italian nationalism in Trentino.

In the 1960s and 1970s Trentino witnessed strong economic development, spurred mainly by tourism and by the new autonomy. It is currently one of the richest and most developed Italian provinces.

Its capital is the town of Trento, historically known in English as "Trent". The province covers an area of more than , with a total population of about 0.5 million.

In 1996, the "Euroregion Tyrol-South Tyrol-Trentino" was formed between the Austrian state of Tyrol and the Italian provinces of Alto Adige/South Tyrol and Trentino. The boundaries of the association correspond to the old County of Tyrol. The aim is to promote regional peace, understanding and cooperation in many areas. The region's assemblies meet together as one on various occasions and have set up a common office to the European Union in Brussels.


King Power Stadium

The King Power Stadium is a football stadium in Leicester, England, where Leicester City Football Club play their home football matches. Built to replace the aging filbert street ground, it can have up to 32,500 people inside it, more than 10,000 more than the ground it replaced. Originally called the Walkers Stadium, it was renamed to the King Power Stadium in 2011 following the end of the sponsorship deal, and re-branded the King Power Stadium following a take over by the current club owners and consultation with fans.

Botoșani

Botoşani (pronunciation in Romanian: is the capital city of Botoşani County, in the northern part of Moldavia, Romania. It has a population of 115,609 people as of the year 2002

Today, it is best known as the birthplace of many celebrated Romanians, including Mihai Eminescu and Nicolae Iorga.

Football is represented in Botoşani by the team FC Botoşani.

Little Ice Age

The Little Ice Age (LIA) was a period of cooling after the so-called Medieval Warm Period.

Climatologists (people who study climate) and historians find it difficult to agree on either the start or end dates of this period. Some say the Little Ice Age started about the 16th century and continued to the mid 19th century. It is generally agreed that there were three minima, one beginning about 1650, one about 1770, the last one about 1850. Each time was separated by slight warming intervals.
At first, it was believed that the LIA was all over the world. Now it is not clear if this is true.

During the period 1645–1715, in the middle of the Little Ice Age, there was a period of low solar activity known as the Maunder Minimum. The physical link between low sunspot activity and cooling temperatures has not been established, but the coincidence of the Maunder Minimum with the deepest trough of the Little Ice Age is suggestive of such a connection. The Spörer Minimum has also been identified with a significant cooling period near the beginning of the Little Ice Age. Other indicators of low solar activity during this period are levels of the isotopes carbon-14 and beryllium-10.

Throughout the Little Ice Age, the world also experienced heightened volcanic activity. When a volcano erupts, its ash reaches high into the atmosphere and can spread to cover the whole of Earth. This ash cloud blocks out some of the incoming solar radiation, leading to worldwide cooling that can last up to two years after an eruption.

Another possibility is that there was a shutdown or slowing of Thermohaline circulation, also known as the "great ocean conveyor" or "meridional overturning circulation". The Gulf Stream could have been interrupted by the introduction of a large amount of fresh water to the North Atlantic, possibly caused by a period of warming before the little ice age. There is some concern that shutdown of thermohaline circulation could happen again as a result of global warming.

Beginning around 1850, the climate began warming and the Little Ice Age ended. Some global warming critics believe that Earth's climate is still recovering from the Little Ice Age and that human activity is not the decisive factor in present temperature trends, but this idea is not widely accepted.


Michael Morgan

Michael Morgan is the name of several people:


Trade route

A trade route is a series of paths or roads that is used for the commercial transport of cargo.

Historically, the period from 1500 BC–1 AD saw the Western Asian, Mediterranean, Chinese and Indian societies develop major networks for trade, such as the silk road. Europe's early trading routes included the amber road, which served as a network for long distance trade. Maritime trade along the spice route became prominent during the Middle Ages; nations tried to control this influential route. During the Middle Ages organizations such as the Hanseatic League, aimed at protecting interests of the merchants and trade, also became increasingly important.

In modern times, commercial activity shifted from the major trade routes of the Old World to newer routes between modern nation states. This activity was sometimes carried out without traditional protection of trade and under international free trade agreements, which allowed commercial goods to cross borders with relaxed restrictions. Innovative transportation of the modern times includes pipeline transport, and the relatively well known trade using rail routes, automobiles and cargo airlines. In some select cases, pipelines can even transport solids, such as coal and other minerals, over long distances; short-distance transportation of goods such as grain, cement, concrete, solid wastes, pulp etc. is also feasible.



Zircon

Zircon is a silicate mineral. It is found in many different places in almost all kinds of rock. The chemical it is made up of is called "zirconium silicate": ZrSiO. Clear zircon may look like diamond and has been used as a cheaper replacement for diamond. It is not the same as cubic zirconia, which is man-made zirconium dioxide. In the United States, zircon is considered to be the birth stone for the month of December.

Zircons from the Jack Hills in the Narryer Gneiss Terrane, Yilgarn Craton, Western Australia, have yielded U–Pb (uranium–lead radioactive dating) ages up to 4.404 billion years. This is judged to be the age of crystallization, making them the oldest minerals so far dated on Earth. In addition, the oxygen isotopic compositions of some of these zircons indicate that more than 4.4 billion years ago there was already water on the surface of the Earth. This interpretation is supported by additional trace element data, but is also the subject of debate.

Labradorite

Labradorite is one kind of feldspar. It is a silicate mineral, and is special because it is often pretty enough to be used in jewelry. Some kinds of labradorite are called moonstone or sunstone.

Beryl

Beryl is a cyclosilicate, and is the second main ore of beryllium metal. It is sometimes found as very, very large crystals, as much as 18 m. (59 ft.) long. Colored clear beryl is often used for jewelry, including emerald (green), aquamarine (bluegreen), bixbite (red), morganite (pink), and heliodor (golden).

Hallstatt

Hallstatt is a village in Upper Austria. Currently, a little over 900 people live there. It is in the Salzkammergut, a mountain regionin Austria. It lies on a lake. 

Because of its position, Hallstatt could only be reached by boat (or by using narrow, difficult mountain trails) for a long time. At the end of the 19th century a road was built. Despite this, even in the Neolithic people might have lived there. This is because there is a lot of natural salt there. In 1846, Johann Georg Ramsauer (a salt miner) found a cemetery from the neolithic age just above the village. A cultural epoch in Europe is named after this. It is called Hallstatt culture. Other finds in the region include a Shoe-last celt (a special kind of wedge, probably used to treat wood). A blacksmith site has also been excavatzed. 

Today, the village lives mainly on tourism. There is a copy of the village in China.

Mayflower Compact

The Mayflower Compact was the first governing document of Plymouth Colony. It was drafted by the Pilgrims who crossed the Atlantic on the "Mayflower", looking for the freedom to belive in Christianity according to their own beliefs in God. It was signed on 11 November 1620 (OS) by 41 of the ship's more than one hundred passengers, where they first landed. According to the customs of the time, the signers were all male. Of the 41 men who signed the Compact, 21 died during the first year in United States of America.

This is a list of names of the 41 men who signed the Compact.

John Piper

John Piper could mean:

John Piper (theologian)

John Stephen Piper (born January 11, 1946, Chattanooga, Tennessee) is a Reformed Baptist theologian, preacher, and author. He is the pastor for preaching of Bethlehem Baptist Church in Minneapolis, Minnesota, and has written many books. He started the evangelical ministry named "Desiring God", after his book "Desiring God: Meditations of a Christian Hedonist".

Piper was born in Chattanooga, Tennessee. He is the son of Bill and Ruth Piper. When he and his older sister were still young, the Pipers moved to Greenville, South Carolina where he spent the rest of his childhood. He later graduated from Wade Hampton High School. His father was an evangelist who worked with international radio and Bible programs until his death on March 6, 2007.

Piper went to Wheaton College in 1964-68. He majored in literature, and minored in philosophy. Because he studied Romantic Literature in college, he went on to enjoy it in life. Today he writes poems for special family events, as well as writing story-poems about the lives of biblical people.

After college, he studied for and received a Bachelor of Divinity degree from Fuller Theological Seminary in Pasadena, California (1968-71). While there, he took several courses where he studied the writings of Jonathan Edwards. He also did some doctoral work in New Testament Studies in Munich, West Germany from 1971-1974.

In 1980, after what he said was something that he could not turn down, he became a preacher. Piper became Pastor of Bethlehem Baptist Church in Minneapolis, Minnesota. He has been working there ever since. Piper became popular when his book "Desiring God: Meditations of a Christian Hedonist" was published. He has written many books since. In 1994, he started Desiring God Ministries. Today "Desiring God" puts all of Piper's sermons and articles from the last three decades online for free, as well as offering books, CDs, and DVDs.

On January 11, 2006, Piper was told that he had prostate cancer. According to a letter sent to his church, he and his doctors thought that the cancer was not a big problem. When Piper talked about this he said, "This news has, of course, been good for me. The most dangerous thing in the world is the sin of self-reliance and the stupor of worldliness. The news of cancer has a wonderfully blasting effect on both. I thank God for that. The times with Christ in these days have been unusually sweet." Piper had surgery on February 14, 2006. He married Noël Henry in 1968, and they now have four sons, a daughter, and several grandchildren.

Piper calls himself a Christian Hedonist and teaches that "God is most glorified in us when we are most satisfied in him." He also teaches that God's highest pursuit and man's deepest happiness are the same in one pursuit – namely, ""the pursuit of joy in God."" He was learned this theory in the writings of Jonathan Edwards, Blaise Pascal, and C. S. Lewis, among others. 

Piper believes in justification by faith alone apart from good works. His teachings talk about the need for the Christian to have faith, sanctification, as this is evidence of God's saving grace. Piper says that someone who says they are a Christian, but does not act Christian, shows that they were never a true believer.

Piper believes in the Post-Tribulational view of the Rapture and leans towards historical premillennialism. He believes that Romans 11 teaches many ethnic Israeli people will be saved at Jesus' second coming.

Piper is very neutral about the Torah in Judaism. He says that it was made by God to reveal sin and show that man does not live up to God's righteous standards. Christians, living under the New Testament, are not under the Old Testament law, and are able to complete it through faith in Jesus Christ.

Piper teaches that God has only one chosen people, mostly Jews in the Old Testament. but he believes now that relationship has been won by the Christian church. So, the Church is rightful inheritor of all the promises made to Israel, and Jews who do not take Jesus as Messiah have no right to this blessing.

On the topic of spiritual gifts, Piper believes that supernatural gifts such as miracles, healings, and speaking in tongues are around today. He does not believe that the job of apostle is worked today. He also believes that the gift of prophecy in the church is from God, (that is inspired by Him) but is not infallible because of the medium (namely men). Thus, while prophecies are to be embraced scripture reveals that they be sifted or tested in order to decipher that which is good (i.e.in accord with God's revealed word, the Bible).


Most of Piper's books can be read online for free at Desiring God.org


Bill Gates

William Henry Gates III (born October 28, 1955) is an American businessman and the co-founder and former chairman of Microsoft. He is the third-richest person in the world behind Jeff Bezos and Elon Musk in net worth as of January 2021. 

William Henry Gates III was born on October 28, 1955 at Swedish Medical Center in Seattle, Washington, U.S. He has British and German ancestry. His father William H. Gates, Sr. was a lawyer. His mother Mary Maxwell Gates served on the board of directors for First Interstate Banksystem and the United Way. His parents wanted him to be a lawyer. At the age of 13, Bill went to Lakeside High School.

He was a freshman at Harvard University in 1973. He left Harvard to make software. Bill Gates saw an opportunity to transform the personal computer, which was expensive and difficult to use. He decided that computers could be made less expensive and easier to use. Gates started Microsoft in 1975 with Paul Allen in the city of Albuquerque, New Mexico. Gates then went on to develop the Windows operating system, which at first wasn't well-received but with time became the most used system in the world.

In 2006, Gates announced he was going to quit his job at Microsoft. This was so he could do more charity work with his wife, Melinda. Their charity is called the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation. Gates' philanthropy projects have included vaccination of children in sub-Saharan Africa, scholarship programs in the United States, and a mission to help organize other billionaires to redistribute their wealth. He likes to give money and support to human rights, education, and technological innovation.

Gates stepped down from his CEO position in Microsoft in 1998 and Steve Ballmer did the job instead. On June 16, 2007, Microsoft said that Gates, the chairman of Microsoft, will come in on a day-to-day schedule to continue working with his charity organization full-time for the years to come. On 2014, Satya Nadella became the new CEO of Microsoft and Bill Gates came back as the Chief Technology Adviser. On March 13, 2020, Bill Gates completely left Microsoft so that he can focus on charity work. He is now focusing on charity work for climate change, global health and development, and education.

He was awarded an honorary knighthood by Queen Elizabeth II in 2005 for his services to philanthropy and charity. As an American citizen, he cannot be called "Sir Bill Gates", but can use the letters "KBE" after his name.

Melinda French divorced with Bill Gates since May 3, 2021. Even though they divorced, they stated that they will keep working on charity events.

In 1986, Gates took Microsoft public. The company's stock was worth $520 million. Gates owned 45 percent of the stock himself, which was worth $234 million. The company continued its rapid growth and the stock price soared. At one point, Gates' stock was worth over $100 billion. This made him the richest man in the world, until October 2017, when Amazon founder and CEO Jeff Bezos became even richer than him.

He was the richest man in the world. In October 2017, his net worth was surpassed by Amazon founder and CEO Jeff Bezos. Bezos had an estimated net worth of US$90.6 billion compared to Gates's net worth of US$89.9 billion at the time. As of January 2021, Gates had an estimated net worth of US$163 billion, making him the third-richest person in the world. And now, he is the third-richest person in the world behind Jeff Bezos and Elon Musk in net worth as of January 2021.

Bill Gates enjoys reading. He owns a large home library, and its ceiling is decorated with a quote from "The Great Gatsby". He also enjoys playing bridge, tennis and golf. Every day, he writes down a daily schedule for every minute of the day, similarly to the U.S. president's schedule. Even though Gates is rich and frequently travels to work, he formerly flew in an economy class aircraft until 1997. Since 1997, the year when he bought a private jet, he travels in his private jet instead.
In 2016, he revealed that he was color-blind.

On May 10, 2022, Gates said that he tested positive for COVID-19. He was experiencing mild symptoms of COVID-19. Gates has received three doses of the COVID-19 vaccine.



Fibula (brooch)

A Fibula is an ancient brooch. (Plural: fibulae). Technically, the latin term fibulae meant Roman brooches, but the term is widely used for brooches from the entire ancient and early medieval world. Unlike modern brooches, fibulae were not only decorative, they originally served a practical function: to fasten clothes, including cloaks. Fibulae replaced straight pins that were used to fasten clothing in the Neolithic period and Bronze Age. In turn, fibulae were replaced as clothing fasteners in the Middle Ages by buttons. Their descendent, the modern safety pin, remains in use today.

There are hundreds of different types and variations of fibulae. They are usually divided into families or groups based on historical period, geography and/or cultural grouping. Fibulae are also divided into classes based on their general forms.


United States Supreme Court building

The Supreme Court building is home of the Supreme Court of the United States. It is in Washington, D.C. It was designed in the neoclassical style by an architect named Cass Gilbert.

Bethlehem Baptist Church

Bethlehem Baptist Church can mean:

Bethlehem Baptist Church (Minneapolis)

The Bethlehem Baptist Church (BBC) is a megachurch in Minneapolis, Minnesota. The church was started in 1871 as the First Swedish Baptist Church of Minneapolis. Since 1980, their pastor has been John Piper.


Megachurch

A megachurch is a large church. It usually has around 2,000 or more people come every week. About 1,300 Protestant churches are megachurches.


T.N.T. (song)

"T.N.T." is a 1976 song by Australian hard rock band AC/DC and was taken from their second studio album of the same name. It went to number 19 in Australia. It was covered by American heavy metal band Anthrax in 2013.

Medieval Warm Period

The Medieval Warm Period (MWP) or Medieval Climate Optimum was a time of unusually warm climate in the North Atlantic region. It was not a planet-wide phenomena. It lasted from about the tenth century to about the fourteenth century. In discussions of global warming this period is often mentioned. 

Some refer to the event as the Medieval Climatic Anomaly because this term emphasizes that effects other than temperature were important.




Motor sports

Motor sports are sports where the people taking part use a motor vehicle. The usual vehicles are a car, motorcycle or boat. Some motor sports use aircraft or snowmobiles.

Motor sports can be based either on speed (the first one to reach the finish line wins) or on skill (the one with the least amount of penalty points wins). Speed-based motor sports are often called "races". Motor sports based on skill are often called "trials".

Well known motor sports are rally, Formula 1 and Nascar.

Niagara IceDogs

The Niagara IceDogs are a Canadian ice hockey team. They began playing in 1998. The team currently plays in the Ontario Hockey League (OHL). They play their home games in St. Catharines, Ontario at the Meridian Centre.


Haan

Haan is a town of the district of Mettmann in the state of North Rhine-Westphalia in Germany. Since 1975, Gruiten belongs to Haan.

Haan is twinned with:

The local Gymnasium is also twinned with Liceo Scientifico of Forte dei Marmi, Italy.


Gas chamber

A gas chamber is an airtight room used for killing people or animals with poison gas. The people or animals are put into the gas chamber, the door is sealed airtight from the outside, and a gas, such as carbon monoxide or hydrogen cyanide, is put into the chamber. The victims die from inhaling the poisonous gas.

In the United States, prisons have used gas chambers to execute prisoners who have been sentenced to death. The first person in the United States to be executed in a gas chamber was Gee Jon, in a prison in Nevada, in 1924. The government of Nevada did not want to use an electric chair, and thought hanging was cruel and inhumane.

The gas chamber is usually a small chamber, which is made air-tight with a door (typically with rubber strips around) into which the prisoner is escorted and either placed or fastened to a chair with straps, and left inside. After this, the gas is inserted either through a hose or a pellet is dropped into a solution which combined produces deadly gas, and the person(s) is asphyxiated within minutes. In the United States, one or two people maximum were executed at a time, although recently it has become extremely uncommon. After California stopped using it in favour of lethal injection, it became nearly redundant. But it is still possible in several states, typically as a second method, in case there would not be drugs for an injection to be performed, or if the prisoner prefers to be executed by gas for any reason.

Recently, there have been proposals and a law has been enacted in Oklahoma for a variation, so-called nitrogen gas, either by chamber or a mask. It is believed to be less painful and anxious than the method previously used. In the beginning, actually, the idea of a gas chamber was to let the prisoner condemned to death sleep in a cell which would then be exposed to lethal gas during the night, without the prisoner's knowledge. However, because of poor isolation techniques it was too difficult and so the gas chamber was introduced instead. It was introduced in several states, including Mississippi, North Carolina, Missouri, Colorado, California, Arizona and New Mexico, but it never was as popular as the electric chair and later execution by injection. The method is in fact expensive and thought to be painful because the prisoner must breathe deeply to hasten the death, which is difficult when the body wants to reject the fumes. (With nitrogen, it is different because the body doesn't reject it as strange or fatal.) It is also extremely dangerous to the audience and personnel in case there is a leak, and impossible to halt in case there is an attempt to stop the execution, such as in the cases of Caryl Chessman and Burton Abbott. In the case of an electric current or injection the switch can be turned off and the needle ripped out, and while it might not be enough there is no risk for the people trying to save the prisoner. In one case, when the mechanism jammed, the executioner had to drop the pellet into the acid (producing the deadly fumes beneath the chair where the prisoner was sitting) and jump out of the chamber as the warden stood ready to slam the door and tighten it.

By the 1990s, the gas chamber had become unpopular in the United States. It never became as popular as execution by electric chair or (more recently) lethal injection. When Donald Eugene Harding was executed in Arizona in 1992, witnesses described his death as "violent" and an "ugly event". The last prisoner to be executed in the gas chamber in the United States was Walter LaGrand, in Arizona in 1999. All states that still have the death penalty use lethal injection.

However, in April 2015, Oklahoma made a law using nitrogen gas to execute people. It's not certain whether the gas would be used by a mask or similar contraption or in a gas chamber. They approved this after it took over an hour to execute Clayton Lockett by lethal injection.

During The Holocaust, Nazi Germany used gas chambers to kill between two and three million people.

Nazi Germany first used gas chambers to kill people with disabilities. The Nazis thought that people with disabilities were "life unworthy of life," and did not deserve to live. Between 1939 and 1941, the Nazis killed 70,273 people with disabilities at hospitals like Hartheim Euthanasia Centre.

Nazi Germany planned to kill all of the Jewish people. They called this plan the Final Solution. In 1942, the Nazi regime held a meeting where it was decided to kill all Jewish people that fell under German control. After this, they started constructing death camps with gas chambers. In 1942, the Nazis started killing hundreds of people at a time in gas chambers at the Belzec, Sobibór, and Treblinka death camps.

The Nazis also built gas chambers at some of the concentration camps that already existed, like Auschwitz (Auschwitz II, called "Birkenau") and Majdanek.

The camps used either carbon monoxide or cyanide gas, with the first gassing occurring late 1941 and the last in August 1944. Cyanide was introduced in Auschwitz-Birkenau extermination camp by the use of Zyklon B, an insecticide, which was thought to be more effective. Carbon monoxide took many minutes to kill, even with the chamber crowded with hundreds of people. Also, in Auschwitz-Birkenau the method of introducing the people to the chambers were more efficient, with large underground rooms disguised as shower rooms, into which the victims walked mostly without resistance and calmly left their clothes and belongings. Because of these reasons, Auschwitz-Birkenau was thought of as the most efficient part of the Nazi killing machine during the Holocaust, and could kill up to 2,000 people a day if a proper schedule was made and followed.

However, most killings took place elsewhere, including other camps and by shooting. Gas was thought to be a better method because it involved fewer people and the ones who helped could be Jews who were replaced gradually. After gassing, the victims were dragged out and quickly burned in large ovens, and the gas chambers cleaned and fanned. After the war and the destruction of the camps, the method was probably disgraced because of the association with the Nazis.

Historians estimate that the Nazis killed around three million people in these camps, mostly by use of gas, but also by shooting and through disease and starvation. These people included:
The gas chamber has also been used in Lithuania, a small country in the Baltics, before it was annexed (taken over by) the Soviet Union in 1940. After that, Lithuania executed prisoners by the Soviet method of a bullet shot into the back of the head.

Total Nonstop Action Wrestling

Total Nonstop Action (TNA) Wrestling is a professional wrestling company founded in 2002 shortly after World Championship Wrestling closed down. They are the main rivals for World Wrestling Entertainment. They made a video game called TNA iMPACT! and a sequel to it called TNA Impact! 2011 after it's weekly program which was of the same name before it was renamed Impact Wrestling. The Impact name lasted until 2024 when they went back to using the TNA name.

Jeff Jarrett left the company in December 2013 and announced that he was starting his own professional wrestling promotion called Global Force Wrestling. It was later clarified that he still remains an "investor" of TNA.

On November 19, 2014, it was announced that TNA would be ending their relationship with Spike, and that they would instead partner with Discovery Communications to distribute their shows beginning in January 2015. In the United States, TNA programs, which include Impact Wrestling, will move to Destination America. Discovery will also hold rights in selected international markets. Spike's outreach at the time was estimated to be more than 97 million homes while Destination America was only estimated to reach 59 million households.

On October 21, 2023 during Bound for Glory, it was announced that the company would be rebranding and would be going back to their previous name Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (TNA), starting at the Hard To Kill event on January 13, 2024.


Battle of the Bulge

The Battle of the Bulge (16 December 1944 – 25 January 1945) was a major German attack near the end of World War II, in Belgium, France and Luxembourg. The attack surprised Allied forces. It was the worst battle in terms of casualties for the United States. It also used up huge amounts of Germany's war-making resources. 

The press made up "Battle of the Bulge" to describe the way the Allied front line bulged inward on wartime news maps and itbecame the best known name for the battle.

The German attack was supported by several other operations. Germany's goal was to split the British and American Allied line in half, capture Antwerp, and then encircle and destroy four Allied armies. They hoped this would force the Allies to make a peace treaty with Germany. If they did this, Hitler could focus on the eastern front of the war.

The attack was planned in secret. Germany moved troops and equipment in the dark. United States intelligence staff predicted a major German attack, but this still surprised them. The Allied forces were too confident and too focused on their own attack plans, and they also did not have good aerial reconnaissance.

The Germans attacked a weakly defended section of the Allied line. They attacked while there was bad weather. This was because the Allies could not use planes if the weather was bad. Violent resistance blocked German access to important roads. The thick forests helped the defenders. This slowed down the German advance and allowed the Allies to add new troops. Better weather conditions permitted air attacks on German forces, which led to the failure of the attack.

After the defeat, many experienced German units lacked men and equipment. The battle involved about 610,000 American men, of whom some 89,000 were casualties, including 19,000 killed. It was the largest and most deadly battle fought by the United States in World War II.

After moving from Normandy at the end of July 1944 and landing in southern France on 15 August 1944, the Allies advanced toward Germany more quickly than expected. Allied troops were tired from weeks of continuous fighting and supplies were very low. While the supply situation improved in October, the lack of troops was still a major problem.

General Eisenhower and his staff chose the Ardennes region, held by the First United States Army, as an area that could be held by as few troops as possible. The Ardennes were chosen because the terrain offered good defence and there were not many roads.

The speed of the Allied advance and a lack of deep-water ports made it hard for the Allies to supply their troops. Beach supply operations using the Normandy landing areas could not supply enough provisions. The only port the Allies had captured was Cherbourg, near the original invasion beaches, but the Germans had wrecked and mined it. It took the Allies many months to build up their ability to move cargo. The Allies captured the port of Antwerp, Belgium, fully intact, in the first days of September, but it was not working until 28 November. The Scheldt River had to be cleared of both German troops and naval mines.

The limitations led to disagreements between General Dwight D. Eisenhower and Field Marshal Bernard Montgomery over whether Montgomery or American General Omar Bradley in the south would get access to supplies.

German forces remained in control of several major ports on the English Channel coast until May 1945. The destruction of the French railway system before D-Day made it hard for the Germans to respond to the invasion. It was also a problem for the Allies, as it took time to repair the tracks and bridges.

A trucking system brought supplies to front-line troops, but transportation took huge amounts of fuel to reach the front line near the Belgian border. By early October the Allies stopped major attacks to improve their supply lines. Montgomery and Bradley both asked for delivery of supplies to their armies so they could continue to attack the Germans. Gen. Eisenhower wanted Montgomery's northern forces to open the port of Antwerp and capture the Ruhr area, the industrial part of Germany.

With the Allies paused, German Field Marshal Gerd von Rundstedt was able to reorganize the German armies into an organized defense.

Field Marshal Montgomery's Operation Market Garden only achieved some of its goals. Its gains in territory left the Allied supply situation worse than before. In October the Canadian First Army fought the Battle of the Scheldt, opening the port of Antwerp to shipping. As a result, by the end of October the supply situation got better.

Despite a pause in fighting after the Scheldt battles, the Germans had serious problems. While operations continued in the autumn, notably the Lorraine Campaign, the Battle of Aachen and fighting in the Hürtgen Forest, the situation in the west changed little.

The Allies were slowly pushing towards Germany, but they did not get there. The Western Allies already had 96 divisions at or near the front, with ten more divisions coming from the United Kingdom. Additional Allied airborne units remained in England. The Germans had a total of 55 divisions.

Adolf Hitler promised his generals 18 infantry and 12 armored or mechanized divisions. The plan was to use 13 infantry divisions, two parachute divisions and six panzer divisions from reserves. On the Eastern Front the Soviets' Operation Bagration during the summer had destroyed much of Germany's Army Group Center. The operation ended only when the advancing Red Army forces ran out of supplies. By November, Soviet forces were preparing for a winter attack.

Meanwhile, the Allied air attacks of early 1944 had made the German Air Force unable to fly. This meant that the German Army had little battlefield intelligence and no way to stop Allied supplies. The daytime movement of German forces was easily noticed and stopping supplies combined with the bombing of the Romanian oil fields meant Germany had no oil and gasoline.

One of the few advantages held by the German forces in November 1944 was that they were no longer defending all of Western Europe. Their front lines in the west had been shortened and were much closer to the German borders. This reduced their supply problems despite Allied control of the air. Their telephone and telegraph network meant that radios were no longer necessary for communications, which lessened the effectiveness of Allied Ultra code breaking. Nevertheless, some 40—50 coded messages were sent per day by ULTRA. They recorded the quadrupling of German fighter forces and noticed that an attack was planned. ULTRA also picked up information about a lot of rail and road movements in the region.

German leader Adolf Hitler felt that his mobile reserves allowed him to do one major attack. Although he realised nothing could be accomplished in the Eastern Front, he still believed an offensive against the Western Allies could succeed. Hitler believed he could split the Allied forces and make the Americans and British to settle for a separate peace, independent of the Soviet Union. Success in the west would give the Germans time to design and produce more advanced weapons (such as jet aircraft, new U-boat designs and super-heavy tanks) and permit the build-up of forces in the east. Given the reduced manpower of their land forces, the Germans believed that it was better to attack in the West against the smaller Allied forces rather than against the vast Soviet armies. Even the destruction of entire Soviet armies would still have left the Soviets with more soldiers. Several senior German military officers, such as Field Marshal Walter Model did not think the attack would work. They offered different plans, but Hitler would not listen. The plan needed bad weather, including heavy fog and low-lying clouds, which would make it hard for Allied planes to fly. Hitler originally set the attack for late November, before the start of the Russian winter offensive.

In the west supply problems began slowing down Allied operations, even though the opening of the port of Antwerp in late November improved the situation. The positions of the Allied armies stretched from southern France all the way north to the Netherlands. The Germans wanted to attack the thin line of Allied forces. They thought this would stop Allied advances on the Western Front. Several plans for major Western attacks were prepared. A first plan was for an attack on the U.S. forces around Aachen, to encircle the U.S. Ninth Army. A second plan was for a "blitzkrieg" attack through the weakly defended Ardennes Mountains. This aimed at splitting the armies along the U.S.—British lines and capturing Antwerp.

Hitler chose the second plan. He liked the idea of splitting the Anglo-American armies. There were many disputes between Montgomery and Patton. Hitler hoped he could make use of these disagreements. If the attack captured Antwerp, four complete armies would be trapped without supplies behind German lines. Both plans aimed at attacks against the American forces. Hitler believed the Americans were not able to fight well. He thought that the American people would lose hope upon hearing of an American loss.

"Generalfeldmarschall" (Field Marshal) Walther Model and Field Marshal Gerd von Rundstedt were ordered to lead the attacks. Model and von Rundstedt both believed aiming for Antwerp was too difficult, given Germany's lack of resources in late 1944. At the same time they felt that being just defensive would only delay defeat. They developed plans that did not aim to cross the Meuse River; Model's being "Unternehmen Herbstnebel" (Operation Autumn Mist) and von Rundstedt's "Fall Martin" ("Plan Martin"). The two field marshals showed their plans to Hitler, who rejected them in favor of his "big solution".

The phrase "Battle of the Bulge" was made up by contemporary press to describe the way the Allied front line bulged inward on wartime news maps. After the war ended, the U.S. Army issued the Ardennes-Alsace medal to units that took part in operations in northwest Europe. The medal covered the Ardennes sector where the battle took place and units further south in the Alsace sector.

OKW decided by mid-September, on Hitler's orders, that the attack would be started in the Ardennes, as was done in 1940. Many German generals objected, but the attack was planned and carried out. In 1940 German forces had passed through the Ardennes in three days before attacking the enemy, but the 1944 plan called for battle in the forest. The main forces were to advance westward to the Meuse River, then turn northwest for Antwerp and Brussels. The thick forests of the Ardennes would make movement difficult. There was open ground beyond the Meuse where the Germans could move quickly to the coast.

Four armies were selected for the operation. First was the Sixth Panzer Army, under SS General Sepp Dietrich—newly created on 26 October 1944, it used the most senior and the most experienced "Waffen-SS": the 1st SS Panzer Division "Leibstandarte Adolf Hitler" as well as the 12th SS Panzer Division "Hitlerjugend". The 6th Panzer Army was the northernmost attack force. It was ordered to capture Antwerp. The Fifth Panzer Army under General Hasso von Manteuffel was ordered to capture Brussels. The Seventh Army, under General Erich Brandenberger, was ordered to the southernmost attack. This Army was made up of only four infantry divisions, with no armoured groups. As a result, they made little progress throughout the battle. Also participating in a secondary role was the Fifteenth Army, under General Gustav-Adolf von Zangen. It was located on the far north of the Ardennes battlefield. It was ordered to hold U.S. forces in place. It could also attack if conditions were right.

For the attack to be successful, four elements were needed: the attack had to be a complete surprise; the weather conditions had to be poor to stop Allied air superiority; the progress had to be rapid. Allied fuel supplies would have to be captured because the Wehrmacht was short on fuel. The General Staff estimated they only had enough fuel to cover one-third to one-half of the ground to Antwerp.

The plan originally called for just under 45 divisions, including a dozen panzer and panzergrenadier divisions forming the armored spearhead and various infantry units to form a defensive line. By this time, however, the German Army suffered from a manpower shortage and the force had been reduced to around 30 divisions. Although it retained most of its armor, there were not enough infantry units because of the defensive needs in the East. These 30 newly rebuilt divisions used some of the last reserves of the German Army. Among them were "Volksgrenadier" units formed from a mix of veterans and recruits formerly regarded as too young or too old to fight. Training time, equipment and supplies were inadequate during the preparations. German fuel supplies were inadequate. Materials and supplies that could not be transported by rail had to be horse-drawn to conserve fuel. The mechanized and panzer divisions would depend heavily on captured fuel. As a result, the start of the attack was delayed from 27 November to 16 December.

Before the offensive the Allies were not aware of German troop movement. During the liberation of France, the French resistance had provided information about German movements. Once they reached the German border, this information was not available. In Germany such orders were typically transmitted using telephone and teleprinter, and a special radio silence order was made on all communications about the attack. The major crackdown in the "Wehrmacht" after the 20 July plot to kill Hitler resulted in much tighter security and fewer information leaks. The foggy autumn weather also prevented Allied reconnaissance aircraft from seeing the Germans on the ground. German units in the area were given charcoal instead of wood for cooking fires to cut down on smoke and reduce chances of Allied observers realizing a troop build up was underway. 

Allied High Command considered the Ardennes a quiet sector. Allied intelligence services said that the Germans were unable to launch any major attacks this late in the war. The Allies thought that the Germans were getting ready for defence. The Allies thought that a new defensive army was being formed around Düsseldorf in the northern Rhine. The Germans tricked the Allies by increasing the number of flak batteries in the area and making more radio transmissions in the area.

The attack, when it came, completely surprised the Allied forces. The U.S. Third Army intelligence chief, Colonel Oscar Koch, the U.S. First Army intelligence chief and the SHAEF intelligence officer had warned that the Germans might attack the U.S. VIII Corps area. These warnings were ignored by the U.S. 12th Army Group. Because the Ardennes was considered a quiet sector, the Allies used it as a training ground for new units and a rest area. The U.S. units deployed in the Ardennes thus were a mixture of inexperienced troops (such as the U.S. 99th and 106th "Golden Lions" Divisions), and veteran troops sent to that sector to rest (the 28th Infantry Division).

Two major special operations were planned for the attack. By October it was decided that Otto Skorzeny, the German commando was to lead a task force of English-speaking German soldiers. These soldiers were to be dressed in American and British uniforms. They would go behind American lines and change signposts, misdirect traffic, cause disruption and seize bridges across the Meuse River between Liège and Namur. By late November, another special operation was added: Col. Friedrich August von der Heydte was to lead a "Fallschirmjäger" (paratrooper) "Kampfgruppe" in Operation Stösser, a night-time paratroop drop behind the Allied lines aimed at capturing an important road near Malmedy.

German intelligence had set 20 December as the expected date for the start of the upcoming Soviet attack.

After the 20 July plot attempt to kill Hitler's life, and the advance of the Red Army, Hitler and his staff left the Wolfsschanze headquarters in East Prussia. After a brief visit to Berlin, Hitler travelled on his "Führersonderzug" (train) to Giessen on 11 December, taking up residence in the Adlerhorst command complex at Kransberg Castle.

Von Rundstedt set up his operational headquarters near Limburg, close enough for the generals and Panzer Corps commanders who were to lead the attack to visit Alderhost.

In a personal conversation on 13 December between Walther Model and Friedrich von der Heydte, who was put in charge of Operation "Stösser", von der Heydte gave Operation "Stösser" less than a 10% chance of succeeding. Model told him it was necessary to make the attempt.

On 16 December 1944, at 5:30 am, the Germans began the attack with a 90-minute artillery attack using 1,600 artillery pieces. The Americans thought was that this was an attack resulting from the Allies' recent attack in the Wahlerscheid sector to the north. In the northern sector Dietrich's 6th Panzer Army was held up for almost 24 hours by a single platoon and four U.S. Forward Artillery Observers. They then attacked Losheim Gap and Elsenborn Ridge to get through to Liège and Antwerp. Heavy snowstorms occurred in the Ardennes area. This kept the Allied aircraft grounded, but it also slowed the German advance. There were massive traffic jams and fuel shortages. von Manteuffel's Fifth Panzer Army attacked towards Bastogne and St. Vith. In the south, Brandenberger's Seventh Army moved towards Luxembourg.

Only one month before 250 members of the Waffen-SS had tried to recapture the town of Vianden from the Luxembourgish resistance during the Battle of Vianden. The SS lost.

The battle for Elsenborn Ridge was an important part of the Battle of the Bulge. The attack was led by one of the best equipped German divisions on the western front, the 1st SS Panzer Division. The division made up the lead unit for the entire German 6th Panzer Army. SS Obersturmbannführer Joachim Peiper led Kampfgruppe Peiper, consisting of 4,800 men and 600 vehicles. 
The attacks by the Sixth Panzer Army's infantry units in the north did badly because of strong resistance by the U.S. 2nd and 99th Infantry Divisions. On the first day, a German battalion of 500 men was held up for 10 hours. The infantry of the 9th Fallschirmjaeger Regiment, 3rd Fallschirmjaeger Division had been ordered to attack the village first. A single 18-man platoon from the 99th Infantry Division and four Forward Air Controllers held up the battalion of about 500 German paratroopers until sunset causing 92 casualties among the Germans. This stopped the German advance. Kampfgruppe Peiper, at the head of the SS Oberstgruppenführer Sepp Dietrich's Sixth Panzer Army had been ordered to take the Losheim-Losheimergraben road. Peiper did not begin his advance until nearly 4:00 pm, more than 16 hours behind schedule. Kampfgruppe Peiper reached Bucholz Station in the early morning of 17 December and captured portions of the 3rd Battalion of the 394th Infantry Regiment. They seized a U.S. fuel depot at Büllingen, where they refuelled before continuing westward.

To the north, the 277th Volksgrenadier Division attempted to break through the U.S. 99th Infantry Division and positions of 2nd Infantry Division. The 12th SS Panzer Division, reinforced by additional infantry (Panzergrenadier and Volksgenadier) divisions, took Losheimergraben and attacked the villages of Rocherath and Krinkelt. 
Their intention was to control the villages of Rocherath-Krinkelt which would clear a path to Elsenborn Ridge. This would give the Germans control of the roads to the south and west and ensure supply to Kampfgruppe Peiper's armored force.

The American defense prevented the Germans from reaching the supplies near the Belgian cities of Liège and Spa. After more than ten days of battle, they pushed the Americans out of the villages, but were unable to move them from the ridge. The V Corps of the First U.S. Army prevented the German forces from reaching the roads to their west. The 99th Infantry Division was outnumbered but it caused a lot of German dead and wounded. The division lost about 20% of its strength, including 465 killed and 2,524 evacuated due to wounds, injuries or fatigue. German losses were much higher. In the northern sector, this included more than 4,000 deaths and the destruction of sixty tanks and big guns. Historian John S.D. Eisenhower wrote, "... the action of the 2nd and 99th Divisions on the northern shoulder could be considered the most decisive of the Ardennes campaign."

Kampfgruppe Peiper entered Honsfield, one of the 99th Division's rest centres. They killed many, destroyed a number of American armored units and vehicles, and took several dozen prisoners who were murdered. Peiper easily captured the town and of fuel for his vehicles. Peiper then advanced north-west towards Büllingen. Peiper turned south to detour around Hünningen.

At 12:30 on 17 December, Kampfgruppe Peiper was near the hamlet of Baugnez when he met the 285th Field Artillery Observation Battalion, U.S. 7th Armored Division. After a battle the Americans surrendered. They were sent to stand in a field. The SS troopers suddenly opened fire on the prisoners. A few survived, and news of the killings of prisoners of war was sent through Allied lines. Following the end of the war, soldiers and officers of Kampfgruppe Peiper, including Joachim Peiper and SS general Sepp Dietrich, were put on trial at the Malmedy massacre trial.

Following the Malmedy massacre, on New Year's Day 1945, after having previously received orders to take no prisoners, American soldiers shot sixty German prisoners of war near the Belgian village of Chenogne (8 km from Bastogne).

By the evening the Germans had pushed north to fight the U.S. 99th Infantry Division. Peiper's forces were late because of the American resistance and because when the Americans fell back, they blew up bridges and emptied fuel storage. Peiper's unit was delayed and his vehicles needed fuel. They took 36 hours to advance from Eifel to Stavelot. 

Kampfgruppe Peiper attacked Stavelot on 18 December but was unable to capture the town before the Americans emptied a large fuel depot. Three tanks attempted to take the bridge, but the lead tank was disabled by a mine. 60 grenadiers advanced forward but were stopped by American fire. After a tank battle the next day, the Germans entered the village when Peiper rushed toward the bridge at Trois-Ponts, leaving the most of his force in Stavelot. When they reached it at 1130 on 18 December, retreating U.S. engineers blew it up. Peiper went north. At Cheneux, he was attacked by American fighter-bombers, destroying two tanks and five halftracks. The group got moving at dusk at 1600. Of the two bridges now remaining between Kampfgruppe Peiper and the Meuse, the bridge over the Lienne was blown by the Americans as the Germans approached. 

Peiper turned north and stopped his forces in the woods between La Gleize and Stoumont. He learned that Stoumont was strongly held and that the Americans were bringing up new troops from Spa. To Peiper's south, the advance of Kampfgruppe Hansen had stopped. SS Sturmbannführer Knittel crossed the bridge at Stavelot, but the Americans recaptured Stavelot. Peiper and Knittel both were at risk of being cut off.

At dawn on 19 December, Peiper attacked the American defenders of Stoumont. He sent infantry from the 2nd SS Panzergrenadier Regiment in an attack and a company of Fallschirmjäger. He followed this with a Panzer attack, gaining the eastern edge of the town. An American tank battalion arrived but Peiper finally captured Stoumont at 1030. Knittel joined up with Peiper and reported the Americans had recaptured Stavelot to their east. Peiper ordered Knittel to retake Stavelot. He thought Kampfgruppe did not have enough fuel to cross the bridge west of Stoumont. On the same evening the U.S. 82nd Airborne Division under Maj. Gen. James Gavin arrived at La Gleize. Kampfgruppe Sandig, which had been ordered to take Stavelot, launched another attack without success. Sixth Panzer Army commander SS-Oberstgruppenführer Sepp Dietrich ordered Hermann Prieß, commanding officer of the I SS Panzer Corps, to help Peiper's Kampfgruppe, but Prieß was unable to break through.

Small units of the U.S. 2nd Battalion of the 119th Regiment attacked the Kampfgruppe Peiper during the morning of 21 December. They were pushed back and a number captured, including their battalion commander, Maj. Hal McCown. Attempting to withdraw from Cheneux, American paratroopers from the 82nd Airborne Division engaged the Germans in violent fighting. The Americans shelled Kampfgruppe Peiper on 22 December. Although the Germans had run out of food and had no fuel, they continued to fight. A Luftwaffe resupply mission went badly, parachuting supplies to American troops in Stoumont. In La Gleize, Peiper set up defences. He decided to break through back to the German lines on 23 December. The men of the "Kampfgruppe" abandoned their vehicles and heavy equipment.

Operation Stösser was a paratroop drop into the American rear in the High Fens area. The goal was the "Baraque Michel" crossroads. It was the German paratroopers' only nighttime drop during World War II. The II Parachute Corps sent 100 men from each of its regiments. They had little time to train together. The parachute drop was a failure. Von der Heydte ended up with around 300 troops. Their force was too small and too weak to counter the Allies. They withdrew towards Germany and attacked the rear of the American lines. Only about 100 of his tired men finally reached the German rear.

Another, much smaller massacre was committed in Wereth, Belgium, on 17 December 1944. Eleven black American soldiers, after surrendering, were tortured and then shot by men of the 1st SS Panzer Division, belonging to Kampfgruppe Knittel. Men from Third Company of the Reconnaissance Battalion were responsible.

The Germans did better when the Fifth Panzer Army attacked positions held by the U.S. 28th and 106th Infantry Divisions. The Germans lacked the strength that they had in the north, but they still had more troops and weapons than the 28th and 106th divisions. They surrounded two regiments (422nd and 423rd) of the 106th Division and forced their surrender.

The official U.S. Army history states: "At least seven thousand [men] were lost here and the figure probably is closer to eight or nine thousand."

In St. Vith, it was hard for von Manteuffel's and Dietrich's forces. The defenders resisted the German attacks. This slowed down the German advance. Montgomery ordered St. Vith to be evacuated on 21 December. U.S. troops got into trenches, which made the German advance hard. By 23 December, U.S. troops were ordered to retreat west of the Salm River. Since the German plan called for the capture of St. Vith by 18:00 on 17 December, they were behind schedule.

To protect the river crossings on the Meuse, Montgomery ordered units to hold the bridges on 19 December. The German advance in the center was the most successful. Fifth Panzer Army was led by the 2nd Panzer Division while Panzer Lehr Division came up from the south. The Ourthe River was passed at Ourtheville on 21 December. Lack of fuel held up the advance for one day, but on 23 December the attack continued towards the towns of Hargimont and Marche. Hargimont was captured the same day, but Marche was defended by the American 84th Division. Gen. Lüttwitz, commander of the XXXXVII Panzer Corps, ordered the Division to turn west towards Dinant and the Meuse. 2nd Panzer Division was still advancing quickly. On 22/23 December the woods of Foy-Notre-Dame were reached, near Dinant. On 24 December the furthest point was reached. Panzer Lehr Division took the town of Celles. Farther north, parts of 2nd Panzer Division were close to the Meuse. An Allied force prevented the German forces from approaching the Dinant bridge. By late Christmas Eve the advance in this sector was stopped by Allied forces.

For Operation Greif, Otto Skorzeny got English-speaking Germans in American uniforms behind the Allied lines. Although they failed to take the bridges over the Meuse, they caused confusion and rumors spread quickly. Even General George Patton was worried and described the situation to General Dwight Eisenhower.

Checkpoints were set up all over the Allied rear, greatly slowing the movement of soldiers and equipment. American MPs at these checkpoints asked troops about things that every American was expected to know. The tightened security made things very hard for the German soldiers to move about, and a number of them were captured. Even during interrogation, they spread lies. when asked about their mission, some of them claimed they had been told to go to Paris to either kill or capture General Dwight Eisenhower. Security around the general was greatly increased, and Eisenhower was kept in his headquarters.

Because Skorzeny's men were captured in American uniforms, they were executed as spies. This was the standard practice of every army at the time. Skorzeny said that he was told by German legal experts that as long he doesn't order his men to fight in combat while wearing American uniforms, such a tactic was a legitimate trick. Skorzeny and his men wore their German uniforms underneath their American ones in case of capture. Skorzeny was tried by an American military tribunal in 1947 at the Dachau Trials for violating the laws of war from his leadership of Operation Greif, but was acquitted.

In Operation Währung, a small number of German agents went behind Allied lines in American uniforms. They tried to bribe rail and port workers to cause problems with Allied supply operations. However, this operation was a failure.

Further south attacking divisions crossed the River Our. The 112th Infantry Regiment kept German troops from using the Our River bridges around Ouren for two days, before withdrawing.

The 109th and 110th Regiments of the 28th Division did badly. They had so few troops that the Germans got around their positions. Both resisted and slowed down the German schedule by several days. Panzer groups captured villages and advanced near Bastogne within four days. The battles for the villages and American strongpoints, and transport confusion on the German side, slowed the attack down. This allowed the 101st Airborne Division to reach Bastogne on 19 December. The defense of Bastogne made it impossible for the Germans to take the town. The "panzers" went past on either side, cutting off Bastogne on 20 December. In the south, Brandenberger's three infantry divisions were stopped by divisions of the U.S. VIII Corps. Only the 5th Parachute Division of Brandenberger's command was able to move forward.

Eisenhower and his commanders realized by 17 December that the fighting in the Ardennes was a major offensive and not a small attack, and they ordered many new troops to the area. Within a week 250,000 troops had been sent. Gen. Gavin of the 82nd Airborne Division ordered the 101st to hold Bastogne. The 82nd had to battle the SS Panzer Divisions.

By the time the senior Allied commanders met on 19 December, the town of Bastogne and its 11 roads had been held by the Germans for several days. Two separate westbound German columns got stopped by defensive positions up to ten miles from the town. 
Gen. Eisenhower realized that the Allies could destroy German forces much more easily when they were out in the open. Patton had ordered his staff to prepare three plans for a northward turn. On 20 December, Eisenhower removed the First and Ninth U.S. Armies from Gen. Bradley's 12th Army Group and placed them under Montgomery's 21st Army Group. 
By 21 December the Germans had surrounded Bastogne, which was defended by the 101st Airborne Division and Combat Command B of the 10th Armored Division. Conditions inside the town were tough. Food was scarce, and by 22 December artillery ammunition was restricted to 10 rounds per gun per day. The weather cleared the next day, however, and supplies (ammunition) were dropped over four of the next five days. Despite German attacks, the town held. The German commander, Lt. Gen. Heinrich Freiherr von Lüttwitz, requested Bastogne's surrender. When Brig. Gen. Anthony McAuliffe was told of the Nazi demand that he surrender, he refused. 

Both 2nd Panzer and Panzer Lehr moved forward from Bastogne after 21 December. The 26th VG received one panzergrenadier regiment on Christmas Eve for its attack the next day. Because it lacked troops and those of the 26th VG Division were tired, the XLVII Panzer Corps concentrated its attack on several locations on the west side. The attack was defeated and all the tanks destroyed. The next day, 26 December, Gen. Patton's 4th Armored Division broke through and opened a passage to Bastogne.

On 23 December, the weather conditions started improving, allowing the Allied air forces to attack. They bombed the German supply points in their rear. P-47 Thunderbolts started attacking the German troops on the roads. Allied air forces also helped the defenders of Bastogne, dropping medicine, food, blankets, and ammunition. A team of volunteer surgeons flew in by military glider and began operating. 

By 24 December, the German advance was stopped near the Meuse. Units of the British XXX Corps were holding the bridges at Dinant, Givet, and Namur and U.S. units were about to take over. The Germans had no supplies, and shortages of fuel and ammunition were becoming serious. Up to this point the German losses had been light, especially in armor, which was almost unharmed with the exception of Peiper's losses. On the evening of 24 December, General Hasso von Manteuffel recommended to Hitler a stop to all operations and a withdrawal. Hitler said no.

However, confusion at the Allied command prevented a strong response. In the center, on Christmas Eve, the 2nd Armored Division attempted to attack the 2nd Panzer Division at the Meuse. The 4th Cavalry Group attacked the 9th Panzer Division at Marche. As result, parts of the 2nd Panzer Division were cut off. On 26 and 27 December the trapped units of 2nd Panzer Division made two break-out attempts. Further Allied attacks near Marche led the Germans to know that no further action towards the Meuse was possible. In the south, Patton's Third Army was battling to help the US troops in Bastogne. At 16:50 on 26 December, the Company D, 37th Tank Battalion of the 4th Armored Division, reached Bastogne, ending the siege.

On 1 January, in an attempt to keep the offensive going, the Germans launched two new operations. At 09:15, the "Luftwaffe" launched "Unternehmen Bodenplatte" (Operation Baseplate), a major campaign against Allied airfields in the Low Countries. Hundreds of planes attacked Allied airfields, destroying or severely damaging some 465 aircraft. However, the "Luftwaffe" lost 277 planes, 62 to Allied fighters and 172 mostly because of an unexpectedly high number of Allied flak guns, set up to protect against German V-1 flying bomb attacks and using proximity fused shells, but also by friendly fire from the German flak guns that were uninformed of the pending large-scale German air operation. The Germans suffered heavy losses at an airfield named Y-29, losing 24 of their own planes while downing only one American plane. While the Allies recovered from their losses in just days, the operation left the "Luftwaffe" weak and ineffective for the remainder of the war.

On the same day, German Army Group G ("Heeresgruppe G") and Army Group Upper Rhine ("Heeresgruppe Oberrhein") launched a major offensive against the thinly stretched, line of the Seventh U.S. Army. This offensive, known as "Unternehmen Nordwind" (Operation North Wind), was the last major German offensive of the war on the Western Front. The weakened Seventh Army had, at Eisenhower's orders, sent troops, equipment, and supplies north to reinforce the American armies in the Ardennes, and the offensive left it in dire straits.

By 15 January, Seventh Army's VI Corps was fighting on three sides in Alsace. With casualties mounting, and running short on replacements, tanks, ammunition, and supplies, Seventh Army was forced to withdraw to defensive positions on the south bank of the Moder River on 21 January. The German offensive drew to a close on 25 January. In the bitter, desperate fighting of Operation Nordwind, VI Corps, which had borne the brunt of the fighting, suffered a total of 14,716 casualties. The total for Seventh Army for January was 11,609. Total casualties included at least 9,000 wounded. First, Third and Seventh Armies suffered a total of 17,000 hospitalized from the cold.

While the German offensive had ground to a halt, they still controlled a dangerous salient in the Allied line. Patton's Third Army in the south, centered around Bastogne, would attack north, Montgomery's forces in the north would strike south, and the two forces planned to meet at Houffalize.

The temperature during January 1945 was extremely low. Weapons had to be maintained and truck engines run every half-hour to prevent their oil from congealing. The offensive went forward regardless.

Eisenhower wanted Montgomery to go on the counter offensive on 1 January, with the aim of meeting up with Patton's advancing Third Army and cutting off most of the attacking Germans, trapping them in a pocket. However, Montgomery, refusing to risk underprepared infantry in a snowstorm for a strategically unimportant area, did not launch the attack until 3 January, by which time substantial numbers of German troops had already managed to fall back successfully, but at the cost of losing most of their heavy equipment.

At the start of the offensive, the First and Third U.S. Armies were separated by about . American progress in the south was also restricted to about a kilometer a day. The majority of the German force executed a successful fighting withdrawal and escaped the battle area, although the fuel situation had become so dire that most of the German armor had to be abandoned. On 7 January 1945, Hitler agreed to withdraw all forces from the Ardennes, including the "SS Panzer" divisions, thus ending all offensive operations. However, considerable fighting went on for another 3 weeks; St. Vith was recaptured by the Americans on 23 January and the last German units participating in the offensive did not return to their start line until 25 January.

Winston Churchill, addressing the House of Commons following the Battle of the Bulge said, "This is undoubtedly the greatest American battle of the war and will, I believe, be regarded as an ever-famous American victory."

As the Ardennes battles began, Montgomery commanded the American First and Ninth armies. This was approved by Eisenhower, as the northern armies had lost all communications with Bradley, who was based in Luxembourg. The northern side had lost all communications with the US command and with nearby units. Without radio or telephone communication Montgomery managed to improvise a way of communicating orders.

This change of leadership did not become known until a message was released.
Montgomery asked Churchill if he could explain the situation. On the same day as Hitler's withdrawal order, 7 January, Montgomery held his press conference. Montgomery praised the "courage and good fighting quality" of the Americans. He also praised Eisenhower. Then Montgomery described the battle for a half-hour. Coming to the end of his speech he said he had used the whole power of the British Group of Armies. He called the battle "the most interesting, I think possibly one of the most interesting and tricky battles I have ever handled." Despite his positive remarks about American soldiers, the Americans thought he took credit for the success of the campaign. They thought he made it sound like he had rescued the Americans.

Patton and Eisenhower both felt he did not describe the share of the fighting played by the British and Americans in the Ardennes. They thought that he did not tell about the part played by Bradley, Patton and other American commanders. Montgomery did not mention of any American general beside Eisenhower. This was seen as insulting. Montgomery saw his error and later wrote: "I think now that I should never have held that press conference." Bradley and Patton both threatened to resign unless Montgomery's command was changed. Eisenhower had decided to fire Montgomery. Eisenhower allowed Montgomery to apologize.

Casualty estimates from the battle vary widely. The official U.S. account lists 80,987 American casualties, while other estimates range from 70,000 to 108,000. According to the U.S. Department of Defense the American forces suffered 89,500 casualties including 19,000 killed, 47,500 wounded and 23,000 missing. An official report by the United States Department of the Army lists some 108,347 casualties, including 19,246 killed, 62,489 wounded and 26,612 captured and missing. The Battle of the Bulge was the most violent battle that U.S. forces experienced in World War II; the 19,000 American dead were unsurpassed by those of any other engagement. British losses totaled 1,400.

The German High Command's official figure for the campaign was 84,834 casualties, and other estimates range between 60,000 and 100,000.

The Allies continued to push on in the battle. In early February, the Allies launched an attack all along the Western front: in the north under Montgomery toward Aachen; in the center, under Courtney Hodges; and in the south, under Patton.

The German losses in the battle were serious in several ways. The last of the German reserves were now gone, the Luftwaffe had been destroyed and the remaining German forces in the West were being pushed back to the defenses of the Siegfried Line.

The initial success of Hitler's Ardennes offensive, launched 16 December 1944, caused Churchill to ask Stalin on 6 January 1945 for Soviet help by launching a Soviet attack. On Friday, 12 January, the Soviets began the Vistula–Oder Offensive, planned to begin on 20 January.

During World War II, most U.S. black soldiers still served only as truck drivers and as stevedores. In the midst of the Battle of the Bulge, General Eisenhower was short of replacement troops so he allowed African American soldiers to join the white military units to fight in combat for the first time. More than 2,000 black soldiers had volunteered to go to the front. This was an important step toward a racially integrated United States military. A total of 708 African Americans were killed in combat during World War II.


Nothing

Nothing is a concept of being without any form of matter, space, or being.


Moon

The Moon is Earth's only natural satellite. We usually see it in the night sky and also during the day. Some other planets also have moons or natural satellites.

Our moon is about one-fourth of the width of the Earth. Because it is far away it looks small, about half a degree wide. The gravity on the moon is one-sixth of the Earth's gravity. It means that something will be one-sixth as heavy on the Moon than on Earth. The Moon is a rocky and dusty place. It moves slowly away from the Earth at a rate of 3.8 cm per year, due to the effect of tidal dissipation.

For the origin of the Moon, see the giant impact hypothesis.

Because the Moon is round, half of it is lit up by the Sun. As it goes around (or orbits) the Earth, sometimes the side that people on Earth can see is all lit brightly. Other times only a small part of the side we see is lit. This is because the Moon does not send out its own light. People only see the parts that are being lit by sunlight. These different stages are called Phases of the Moon.

It takes the Moon about 29.53 days (29 days, 12 hours, 44 minutes) to complete the cycle, from big and bright to small and dim and back to big and bright. The phase when the Moon passes between the Earth and Sun is called the "new Moon". The next phase of the Moon is called the "waxing crescent", followed by the "first quarter", "waxing gibbous", then a full Moon. A full Moon occurs when the Moon and Sun are on opposite sides of the Earth. As the Moon continues its orbit it becomes a "waning gibbous", "third quarter", "waning crescent", and finally back to a new Moon. People used the Moon to measure time. A month is approximately equal in time to a lunar cycle.

The Moon always shows the same side to Earth. Astronomers call this phenomenon tidal locking. This means that half of it can never be seen from Earth. The side facing away from Earth is called the far side or dark side of the Moon even though the Sun does shine on it—we just never see it lit.

Before people stood on the Moon, the United States and the USSR sent robots to the Moon. These robots would orbit the Moon or land on its surface. The robots were the first man-made objects to touch the Moon.

Humans finally landed on the Moon on July 21, 1969. Astronauts Neil Armstrong and Buzz Aldrin landed their lunar ship (the "Eagle") on the surface of the Moon. Then, as half the world watched him on television, Armstrong climbed down the ladder of the "Eagle" and was the first human to touch the Moon as he said, "That's one small step for a man, one giant leap for mankind."

Even though their footprints were left on the moon a long time ago, it is likely that they are still there, as there is no wind or rain, making erosion extremely slow. The footprints do not get filled in or smoothed out.

More people landed on the moon between 1969 and 1972, when the last spaceship, Apollo 17 visited. Eugene Cernan of Apollo 17 was the last person to touch the moon.

Because it is smaller, the Moon has less gravity than Earth (only 1/6 of the amount on Earth). So if a person weighs 60 kilograms on Earth, the person would only weigh 10 kilograms on the Moon. But even though the Moon's gravity is weaker than the Earth's gravity, it is still there. If a person dropped a ball while standing on the Moon, it would still fall down. However, it would fall "much" more slowly. A person who jumped as high as possible on the Moon would jump higher than on Earth, but still fall back to the ground. Because the Moon has no atmosphere, there is no air resistance, so a feather will fall as fast as a hammer.

Without an atmosphere, the environment is not protected from heat or cold. Astronauts wore spacesuits, and carried oxygen to breathe. The gloves of the spacesuit, were never taken off on the Moon. The suit weighed about as much as the astronaut. The Moon's gravity is weak, so it was not as heavy as on Earth.

On the Earth, the sky is blue because the blue rays of the Sun bounce off the gases in the atmosphere, making it look like blue light is coming from the sky. But on the Moon, because there is no atmosphere, the sky looks black, even in the daytime. There is no atmosphere to protect the Moon from rocks that come from space, and these meteorites crash right into the Moon and make wide, shallow holes called craters. The Moon has thousands of them. Newer craters overlie older ones. On Earth, meteorites burn in the atmosphere, and most burn up completely.

The giant impact hypothesis is that the Moon was created out of the debris from a collision between the young Earth and a Mars-sized protoplanet. This is the favored scientific hypothesis for the formation of the Moon.

In 2009 Chandrayaan-1 found a lot of water on the Moon. The water is not liquid but is in the form of hydrates and hydroxides. Liquid water cannot exist on the Moon because photodissociation quickly breaks down the molecules. However, from the data received from Chandrayaan-1, liquid surface water may have once existed on the Moon.

During the Cold War, the United States Army thought about making a military post on the Moon, able to attack targets on Earth. They also considered testing a nuclear weapon on the Moon. The United States Air Force had similar plans. However, both plans were brushed-off as NASA moved from a military to a civilian-based agency.

Even though the Soviet Union left remains on the Moon, and the United States left a few flags, no country has control over the Moon. The U.S. and Soviet Union both signed the Outer Space Treaty, which calls the Moon and all of outer space the "province of all mankind". This treaty also banned all use of the military of the Moon, including nuclear weapons tests and military bases.



Will Ryan

William Frank Ryan (November 13, 1939 – November 19, 2021) was an American actor, singer and musician.

His music career first began when he was in high school. He then signed the first of two recording contracts with CBS Records.

He got back into music and after moving to California. He began to write and record wacky songs for Disney. He did the voice of Rabbit, Tigger, and Eeyore in Disney Channel's "Welcome to Pooh Corner". Since 1988 he has done the voice of Eugene Meltsner (and other characters: Harlow Doyle, Officer O'Ryan, Officer David Harley, etc.) for the Focus on the Family radio series "Adventures in Odyssey". 

He also voiced Rabbit in "Winnie the Pooh and a Day for Eeyore". He was also the original voice of Petrie in "The Land Before Time".

Ryan died from cancer in Santa Monica, California on November 19, 2021, at the age of 82.



Captivity (animal)

Animals who live under human control or care are in captivity. Captivity can be used as a term meaning the keeping of either domesticated animals (livestock, pets) or wild animals. This may include for example farms, private homes and zoos. Sometimes humans take care of critically endangered animals and therefore these animals are in captivity.

Choctaw

The Choctaw are a Native American people originally from the southeastern United States, also called the Southeastern Woodlands. This is today in Mississippi and Alabama. Their language is the Choctaw language. It is part of the Muskogean family. It is also similar to Chickasaw. Three tribes are recognized today. They are the Choctaw Nation of Oklahoma, Mississippi Band of Choctaw Indians, and Jena Band of Choctaw Indians in Louisiana.

The people were originally mound builders. Early Choctaw lived in thatched-roof cabins of logs in communities. Agriculture was the main supply of food, such as the Three Sisters. There was also fishing and hunting. Sports were also important and often replaced war. 

The tribe supported the Americans during the American Revolution, the War of 1812 and the Creek War. Europeans thought the tribe was civilized. It was part of the so-called "Five Civilized Tribes" of the Southeast. 

Most of the tribe was forced out of their land from 1831 to 1833. This was part of the Indian Removal. The remaining Choctaw became citizens. The tribe supported the Confederates in the U.S. Civil War. Several chiefs of the Choctaw were at the US Bureau of Indian Affairs.

Choctaw worked as codetalkers during World War I. They used their own Choctaw language. The Choctaw reorganized after the Indian Reorganization Act. 

Native Americans in the United States

Native Americans in the United States (also known as American Indians) are the indigenous people from the areas of North America now part of the continental United States, including parts of Alaska. The US government recognizes 574 tribes. There are about 310 Indian reservations in the US. Most Native Americans do not live on a reservation anymore.

There were and still are many diverse groups of Natives in what is now the US. The diversity includes various and rich languages and cultures. The arrival of Europeans in the Americas drastically changed Native Americans in the US. The history of these Native Americans is a story of suppression and the forced removal from their lands. During American history, there were various Native responses to European colonization and American expansion. In the 20th century, Natives got more rights and were recognized as citizens.

There are still problems today that impact Native Americans in the United States. Natives Americans face discrimination from other groups. There is also racism and cultural appropriation. There are also public health issues connected to historical trauma and generations of misstreatment.

Historians often break up the cultures of Indigenous peoples of North America in the United States into two ten regions: 

Native Americans most likely originally came from Asia to the Americas. They most likely crossed over Beringia. This was a geographical bridge that connected what is now Russia and Alaska. This migration may be over 30,000 years old. The Clovis culture was one of the earliest cultures.

The Pre-Columbian Era was before Columbus and Europeans conquered the Natives. Scholars break this era into different stages. The lithic stage was important for the usage of new rock technologies. In the archaic period, there was mainly subsistence farming. After the archaic period, societies were more developed. There were more crafts, urban centers, military structures, and usages of metals. Examples of tribes include Eastern Woodlands culture, the Pacific Northwest Coast Indigenous peoples, the Mississippian culture (including Cahokia), Pueblo peoples and Iroquois League of Nations.

Europeans started to arrive in the 16th century. This caused diseases to spread, and many Natives died. The population of Natives became much smaller. There were many conflicts between American Indians and colonists even into the 19th century. Natives fought to protect their lands. Europeans also brought animals. Natives began to hunt more and move around more with these new animals. European trade led to the Columbian Exchange.

There were several wars. Native Americans often fought against each other and Europeans. They also made many alliances. The  Beaver Wars were in the 17th century. Iroquis became powerful and destroyed other tribes like  Huron, Neutral, Erie, Susquehannock, and Shawnee. Natives fought with the French and British during the Seven Year's War. King Philip's War was between Metacom and Colonists in New England. It was the last major war between Natives and Colonists.

During the American Revolution, many Natives fought with the British. At the Treaty of Paris (1783), Britain gave most Native lands to America. George Washington and Americans wanted to civilize and educate Natives. The Civilization Fund Act of 1819 supported this process. Americans thought that some Natives were civilized. These were the Five Civilized Tribes. They included the Cherokee, Chickasaw, Choctaw, Creek and Seminole tribes.

In the 19th century, most of the lands in the Eastern United States were conquered. The lands in the west were still Native American Territory. Soon diseases also came to the Western territories. The Americans wanted to move west. There was Native American resistance. Conflicts included  Tecumseh's War, the Creek War and Seminole Wars. However, Native Americans were in the Union and Confederate Armies during the Civil War.

President Andrew Jackson forced Natives to leave their lands. He passed the  Indian Removal Act of 1830. This led to the Trail of Tears. Americans justified this removal. This was called Manifest Destiny. In 1851, the Indian Appropriations Act set up preservations for Natives. Natives resisted in the Indian Wars. There was also the Dakota War, Great Sioux War, Snake War, Colorado War, and Texas-Indian Wars. In the Wounded Knee Massacre, the US army killed many Natives.

The Cherokee were the first Natives to become US citizens.

In 1871, Ulysses S. Grant recognized more Native tribes in the Indian Appropriations Act. The US government also created many boarding schools for Native Americans. The schools only taught Christianity and not Native American religions. Navajo were against teaching. Eventually, the schools included Indian history and self-esteem.

In the 20th century, there were more rights for Natives. Politicians were more open to Natives. Woodrow Wilson allowed Natives who fought in World War I to become citizens. Calvin Coolidge signed the Indian Citizenship Act. This made all Natives American citizens. Republican Charles Curtis was a Native and Congressman. He became the Senate Minority Whip and Senate Majority Leader for several years. Today Americans have all the rights of the US constitution. The Indian Relocation Act of 1956 supported vocational training.

Many Natives fought and died in World War II. Soldiers respected the Natives. The legacy of the Native American warrior was still there.

There was also more self-determination for Natives. There was more activism with Natives. Notable events in the 1960s are the occupation of Alcatraz Island (1969–1971) and the formation of the American Indian Movement (AIM). In 1968, the Indian Civil Rights Act gave Natives protection to tribe members. The Indian Self-Determination and Education Assistance Act was passed in 1975. Tribal colleges were created. Many universities have added study programs about Natives Americans. This is partly due to Native activism.

Native Americans are affected by some problems more than White Americans. For example Native Americans are six times more likely to suffer from alcoholism than average. About 24% live in extreme poverty. Native American and Native Alaskan women are more likely to be targets of sexual violence than other women. Natives says that they often face prejudice and mistreatment. Many Native Americans live in cities. They face poverty and bad working conditions.

Another problem is cultural appropriation. This is when a culture wrongly adopts and takes elements from another culture. This is a problem in sports with mascots. There are often Native American stereotypes. The Golden State Warriors stopped using Native American logos in the 1970s. In 2020, the Washington Redskins changed their name to Washington Commanders.

There has been controversy with names of Native Americans in the US. Native Americans were historically called "Indians". This word has racist stereotypes. The term Native Americans is viewed to be more historically accurate. There is no agreement among Native Americans on what is the best term. Some criticize the term "Native Americans", because the government chose it. Several Native tribes prefer the term "American Indian". Native Americans prefer to be called by their tribal names.


Brian Cowen

Brian Cowen (born 10 January 1960) was the Taoiseach (prime minister) of the Republic of Ireland. He became the taoiseach on 7 May 2008, after Bertie Ahern, he resigned after losing a general election on 9 March 2011. He was the leader of a political party called Fianna Fáil. They were in a coalition government with the Green Party and the Progressive Democrats. Independent TDs (Irish members of parliament) also support his government.

Web chat

A web chat is a chat system to exchange information via the Web. People use a web browser to communicate with others. Apart from the browser you do not need anything else, which makes a web chat easy to use and ideal for people not very experienced with computers.

On the technical side web chats are often written with Java, Flash or Ajax.


British Grand Prix

The British Grand Prix is a grand prix motor race organised in Great Britain by the Royal Automobile Club. First held in 1950 and after that every year since today.

"Drivers in bold are competing in the Formula One championship in the current season."

"Teams in bold are competing in the Formula One championship in the current season."<br>
"A green background indicates an event which was part of the pre-war World Manufacturers' Championship.<br>
"A pink background indicates an event which was not part of the Formula One World Championship."

"Manufacturers in bold are competing in the Formula One championship in the current season."<br>
"A green background indicates an event which was part of the pre-war World Manufacturers' Championship.<br>
"A pink background indicates an event which was not part of the Formula One World Championship."
<nowiki>*</nowiki> Built by Cosworth, funded by Ford

<nowiki>**</nowiki> Between 1999-2005 built by Ilmor, funded by Mercedes

<nowiki>***</nowiki> Built by Porsche

A green background indicates an event which was part of the AIACR World Manufacturers' Championship."<br>
"A pink background indicates an event which was not part of the Formula One World Championship. 

Ob (river)

The Ob is a river in Siberia. Together with the Lena and the Yenisei, it is one of the most important rivers of Siberia. Depending upon how its length is measured, it can be between 3.650 km and 6.210 km long. Some important cities on the banks of the river include Novosibirsk (Russia's third largest city), Barnaul, Kolpashevo, Nizhnevartovsk, Surgut, Khanty-Mansiysk, Beryozovo, Labytnangi, and Salekhard. The Irtysh is the Ob river's main tributary. Other tributaries include the Omsk, Parabel, Chaya, Tobol and Ishim.

Deductive reasoning

Deduction is one of the two main types of reasoning. The other is induction. In deduction, we apply a general rule to a particular case.

Deductive arguments are attempts to show that a conclusion must follow from a set of premises or hypotheses. A deductive argument is valid if the conclusion follows necessarily from the premises.

Aristotle, the first person we know who wrote down laws of deduction, gives this example of deduction:


The first two statements are called "premises". The last statement is called the "conclusion". The conclusion is taken from the premises. 

Deductive reasoning is often called "top-down logic", whereas inductive reasoning is called "bottom-up reasoning".

Inductive reasoning

Induction is one of the main forms of logical reasoning. The other is deduction. In induction, we find a general rule by using a large number of particular cases. For example, watching water in many different situations, we can conclude that water always flows downhill.

Induction is not the method of science, but it can be the starting-point for science. Everyone can see that the sun, moon and stars appear to move across the sky. Early civilisations thought this meant they revolved around the Earth, because that is what they always seem to do. We now know this is quite wrong, but discovering the real explanation was the start of modern science (see Copernicus, Galileo and heliocentrism). What they did was to work out an alternative theory or hypothesis, which eventually was shown to be a much better explanation of all the observations. That is real science, but the observations of the heavens, which started with the Babylonians, showed the regularity which needed to be explained. What science did was to prove the obvious explanation was not the right one. 

Another example is the work of Darwin, who spent half his life collecting interesting facts about animals and plants. If he had stopped there, his name might not be known today. What he did was suggest a way in which all these facts could be explained. It was an hypothesis which could be, and was, tested in every way possible. It is well known now that the theory of evolution by natural selection best explains the way the living world has come to be as we see it. Again, real science was built on a collection of facts which needed an explanation. The philosophy of science is about testing hypotheses, rather than collecting facts, though facts are the basis of all science.

Induction, the collecting of facts, is not by itself science. The philosopher Hume said it meant “instances of which we have had no experience resemble those of which we have had experience”. Later, John Stuart Mill raised the question “Why is a single instance, in some cases, sufficient for a complete induction, while in others [many examples] go such a little way towards establishing a universal proposition?” Philosophers usually think the real issue is: what distinguishes good from bad inductions? A way to say it is: "If all known "As" are "B", then "probably" all "As" whatever are "B"". 

Inductive reasoning allows for a false conclusion even if all the premises are true. This is illustrated in the following example:

1. Humans exist.2. Birds also exist.3. Therefore, birds are human. 

This example shows that even though all the premises are correct, the conclusion can be false.

Discussions suitable for students of philosophy can be found in the usual places, especially:

Oklahoma Territory

Oklahoma Territory was an organized territory of the United States from May 2, 1890 until November 16, 1907, when Oklahoma became the 46th state. It was made up of the western area of what is now the state of Oklahoma. The eastern area consisted of the last remaining part of Indian Territory.



Scientific theory

In everyday speech, the word "theory" is used as a "best guess". In modern science, a scientific theory is a tested and expanded hypothesis that explains many experiments. It fits ideas together in a framework. If anyone finds a case where all or part of a scientific theory is false, then that theory is either changed or thrown out.

An example of a scientific theory that underwent many changes is the germ theory of disease. In ancient times, people believed that diseases were caused by the gods, or by curses, or by improper behavior. Germs (microorganisms) were unknown, because germs are too small to see. With the invention of the microscope, germs were discovered, and the germ theory of disease was proposed. Thanks to the germ theory of disease, many diseases can now be cured. However, the germ theory of disease had to be modified, because some diseases are not caused by germs. The flu and scurvy are examples of diseases that are not caused by bacteria, but viruses or poor nutrition. Scientists modified the germ theory of disease, so that today we would state that theory as "Some diseases are caused by germs".

To be a scientific theory, a theory must be tested a large number of times, by different scientists in different places, and must pass the test every time. The theory must be stated exactly, sometimes using mathematics. And it must fit in with all of the other scientific theories. Science has many branches. Physics, chemistry, biology, geology, and astronomy are some of the major branches of science. A scientific theory in one branch of science must hold true in all of the other branches of science. For example, the atomic theory of matter, that all matter is made up of atoms, was discovered using physics, but the chemicals used in chemistry, the living tissue used in biology, the rocks studied in geology, and the planets studied in astronomy are all made up of atoms. The atomic theory of matter holds in every area of science.

Sometimes scientists come up with a theory that is wrong. The discovery of an exception to a scientific theory is a major event, and a scientist can become famous by discovering an exception to a rule. Einstein became famous for his theory of relativity, which found an exception to Isaac Newton's laws of motion. Newton's theory, which had been accepted for hundreds of years, had to be changed, and has been changed.

Here is a list of some of the major theories of modern science. These theories have been tested thousands of times, and no exception has been found.



Marin-Epagnier

Marin-Epagnier was a municipality in the district of Neuchâtel in the Swiss canton of Neuchâtel. In 1888, the formerly independent municipality merged with Epagnier and Marin to form Marin-Epagnier. On 1 January 2009, the former municipalities of Marin-Epagnier and Thielle-Wavre joined together and became the new municipality of La Tène.

It lies at the northeastern tip of Lake Neuchâtel close to Biel, at the boundary between French- and German-speaking regions, and at a knot of highways.

The Iron Age archaeological site of La Tène is within Marin-Epagnier's communal boundaries. "(See also La Tène culture.)" La Tène is a village at the eastern end of the Lake Neuchâtel (Lac de Neuchâtel), a lake in Switzerland. La Tène has a sandy beach, unique in Switzerland.


Magdalenenberg

Magdalenenberg is the name of a tumulus grave which dates from the Iron Age. It lies at the southwestern tip of the Black Forest, in Germany. The nobleman who is buried there was part of the Hallstatt culture. With a volume of 33.000 cubic metres it is the biggest grave from that time in Central Europe.

In his first-hand account of the Gallic Wars (Commentarii de Bello Gallico), Julius Caesar observes that the Gallic people have a moon- based calendar, and that the big event for them was what astronomers now call the Lunar Standstill, which occurs every 18.6 years. Lunar Standstills are marked in several ancient cultures (including sites in Colorado and Ohio), usually by standing stones that indicate the point where the moon seems to rise and set in the same place, instead of rising in one place and appearing to move across the sky to set in another. Now a German scholar, Dr Allard Mees, a researcher at the Römisch-Germanischen Zentralmuseum in Mainz, has discovered evidence to back Caesar’s observation: a huge royal tomb that functions as a lunar calendar and that preserves a map of the sky at Midsummer 618 BC, the presumed date of the burial.

Dr Mees said that Magdalenenberg was ‘the earliest and most complete example of a Celtic calendar focused on the moon’, and that following Caesar’s conquest of Gaul, ‘Gallic culture was destroyed and these types of calendar were completely forgotten in Europe, to be replaced by the Roman sun-based calendar’.

Sacred Cenote

Sacred Cenote (Well of Sacrifice) is a well known cenote at the Maya site of Chichen Itza. One can access it by a 900 foot paved corridor that leads from the Great Plaza. The Sacred Cenote was used for human sacrifices to the rain god Chaac in periods of drought.


Cenote

A cenote is a type of sinkhole that contains groundwater. It is typical in the Mexican Yucatán Peninsula and some nearby Caribbean islands. The term comes from a word used by the lowland Yucatec Maya to refer to any location where groundwater can be got at. 

Cenotes are surface connections to underground water bodies. While the most well-known cenotes are large open water pools measuring tens of metres in diameter, such as those at Chichén Itzá, most cenotes are smaller sheltered sites and do not necessarily have any surface exposed water. The term cenote has also been used to describe similar karst features in other countries such as Cuba and Australia, in addition to the more generic term of sinkholes. 

Cenote water is often very clear, as the water comes from rain water infiltrating slowly through the ground. The groundwater flow rate within a cenote may be very slow at velocities ranging from 1 to 1000 meters per year. Cenotes around the world attract cave divers. They have explored extensive flooded cave systems, some of which have been investigated for 100 kilometers or more.

Cenotes in or near the Yukatán may have been caused by the Chicxulub meteor impact 60 million years ago.

Yucatán Peninsula:

Central and Northern Region:




Monkton, Kent

Monkton is an English village on the Canterbury-Ramsgate road. It is at the southwestern edge of the Isle of Thanet, Kent near St Nicholas at Wade and Minster-in-Thanet. The church there is dedicated to Mary Magdalene. Inside the Church is a plaque, commemorating a local soldier, Euncie Rochelle, who died in the Iraq war. Monkton is no longer thought of as a village in its own right and is usually assumed to be part of neighbouring village Minster-in-Thanet.

In the November of 2007, the village exploded, with the remains afterwards being burnt down, with firefighters attempting to put out the blaze, but having so few people and being so far away from any other main towns, the thirty firefighters were unable to reach it in time. However, fortunately, all of Monkton's twenty people were evacuated into safety to nearby Minster. However, Minster was reported to have complained about the overcrowding caused by this and threw out the newcomers, expecting them to go back to the destroyed settlement. Unfortunately for the hamlet, Monkton's largest building, a single storey house, was also lost, and therefore it is thought to take a long time before the people of Monkton are able to resettle in a new place, or whether they will be able to reconstruct some of their old one.


Electric chair

An electric chair is a specially built chair which is used to execute condemned criminals by electrocuting (giving them a strong electric shock) them. This means that they are being killed as a punishment for a crime that they were accused of, usually murder.

An electric chair is a strong wooden chair which has electrodes (which are objects often made out of metal that conduct electricity) for running electric current through the convict's body. One electrode is placed on the convict's head, and another is placed on the convict's right shin. When the switch is turned on, a 2,000 volt current goes through the convict. The current is to stop the heartbeat, cause unconsciousness, and cause death. Sometimes, the chair was made from the wood of the gallows which it replaced.

The electric chair is sometimes used as the very symbol of death penalty. It is also a part of Americana (that is: cultural symbols of USA) and the electric chairs of many states have ironic nicknames like Old Sparky, Yellow Mama, Gruesome Gertie, Sizzling Sally or Hot Seat. The execution itself is sometimes called "riding the lightning".

The electric chair was designed by Dr. Alfred Southwick, and first built by Harold Brown in 1888. Dr. Southwick had seen a drunk man falling in a generator and dying immediately from electric shock. There had been a very gruesome hanging in New York in 1886 that did not go right. The drop had been too long and the convict's head was torn off. Many people wanted a less cruel method of execution. The state of New York chose the electric chair.

This execution method has been used only in the United States and, for several decades, in the Philippines (its first use there in 1924, last in 1976). The electric chair has become a symbol of the death penalty, and a part of American folklore. However, it is becoming replaced as a method of executing criminals in the United States by lethal injection. Altogether, 25 US states and the US federal government have used the electric chair.

Death in the electric chair is usually quick as the convict dies from electric shock which stops the heart. However, if something goes wrong, the death is more like frying the convict alive. The electric chair has been declared as a cruel and unusual punishment in many states and is no longer used in most states. In fact, there are no longer any states that use the electric chair as its main way of executing criminals. All states that use the death penalty use lethal injection as its main way of executing criminals now.

So far, the latest person executed in an electric chair has been Nicholas Todd Sutton, an American serial killer, who was responsible for murdering two acquaintances and his own grandmother in North Carolina and Tennessee from August to December 1979. Convicted and sentenced to life imprisonment for these crimes, Sutton, among three other inmates, later participated in a 1985 prison killing over drugs. For this final crime, he was sentenced to death and executed by electric chair on Feb. 20, 2020 in Tennessee at the Riverbend Maximum Security Prison.

Santiago Bernabéu Stadium

The Santiago Bernabéu Stadium is a football stadium in Madrid, Spain. It is the second largest stadium in Spain. It has a capacity for 81,044 people. The stadium is called Estadio Santiago Bernabéu in Spanish.

The 1982 FIFA World Cup and the final, were held at the Santiago Bernabéu.

The stadium was built at the same site of Campo de Chamartín. Construction began in 1945. On December 14, 1947, the stadium officially opened. The first match was against Portuguese champions Os Belenenses (3-1).

At that time, the stadium consisted of two uncovered tiers that could hold about 75,000 spectators. Capacity was further increased to 125,000 in 1954, when one of the long sides got expanded with a third tier. The Bernabéu was together with the Camp Nou as the playing venue of the UEFA 1964 European Nations' Cup, hosting one of the two semi-finals and the final between Spain and the Soviet Union (2-1).

Towards the end of the 1970s, the stadium had already started to age. Club officials started making plans to build a new stadium in the north of the city.

However, with the coming of the 1982 World Cup it was instead decided to renovate the Bernabéu. The renovation included the construction of a roof over the three two-tiered stands and the installation of seats in half of the stadium. As a result, capacity was reduced to 90,800. During the 1982 FIFA World Cup, the Santiago Bernabéu hosted three matches in the second group stage and the final between Italy and West Germany (3-1).

In the 1990s, UEFA required the stadium to become an all-seater, which would have reduced capacity to 50,000 seats. The club president therefore started a redevelopment program. The changes included extending the third tier over the entire stadium, the creation of corporate facilities, and four access towers in each corner of the stadium. Works started in 1992 and were completed two years later.

The stadium was further refurbished and upgraded between 2001 and 2006. Works most of all focused on improving corporate facilities. Construction was concluded in 2006 with the construction of a roof over the one remaining uncovered stand. The expansion design was done by Madrid-based architect Antonio Lamela.

Additional improvements, such as a retractable roof, were delayed due to financial reasons. In 2013 club president Florentino Pérez announced Real was seeking to sell the naming rights for its stadium. In 2014 German architects GMP revealed a plan for the improvements. A sponsorship agreement was finally made with IPIC.

Electrocution

Electrocution or electric shock is when electricity passes through something living. It happens when the human body gets in contact with electric current. The word "electrocution" originated as a portmanteau between electricity and execution, referring to those executed by electric chair, but has evolved to describe any fatal encounter with electricity. Nonfatal encounters are called electric shocks, or simply a "shock". 

The human body is affected by electric current (measured in Amperes). If the electric current is strong, it can stop heartbeat and cause death. High current can cause severe burns and even fry the victim alive. In order for current to flow through a body you need a sufficiently high voltage, typically more than 50 volts AC, and the voltage generator must be able to supply enough current. Super high voltages, such as from a small Tesla coil, supply such a small amount of current that a person feels just a tickle. A large Tesla coil can burn and kill. 

Safety devices like a GFCI or RCD try to protect humans from any current greater than 5 to 30 mA (0.005 to 0.03 Amps). Human muscles are paralyzed -- you cannot move an affected arm or leg -- at currents from 10 to 20 mA; as a result a victim may be unable to let go of a wire that is shocking him. At around 20 mA breathing is difficult. At about 75mA breathing stops. At 100 mA the heart fibrillates -- death is quick. At 200 mA you get severe musculature contractions and burning.

Stora Enso

Stora Enso is a Finnish-Swedish cellulose and paper making corporation. It is the one of the largest paper making firms in the world. It was formed by the merger of Swedish mining and forestry products company Stora and Finnish forestry products company Enso-Gutzeit Oy in 1998. 

Its head office is in Helsinki, and it has some 46,000 employees. In 2002 it was the fifth largest pulp and paper maker in money income and in 2005 it was the world's largest pulp and paper manufacturer in terms of tonnes. The Finnish State is the biggest owner in the company.

The Stora corporation originally began as a copper mine (whole name "Stora Kopparbergs Bergslag" (Big Copper Mountain's Mining Works)). It was founded in 1288 and it is the oldest corporation in the world. It later became also a paper and cellulose maker. Enso-Gutzeit was founded by Mr. Hans Gutzeit in a small town called Enso in Finland. It was founded in 19th century. Both companies were the largest paper and cellulose makers of both countries. It is the second largest corporation in Scandinavia after Nokia.


SpeechWeb

A SpeechWeb is a collection of SpeechWeb applications. The collection or web of applications can be navigated using a SpeechWeb browser.

The goals of the SpeechWeb are: 


A SpeechWeb browser is a document or program allowing a human user to interact with a SpeechWeb application. A SpeechWeb browser can be implemented in X+V, VoiceXML, or others. An example browser using X+V is available here .

A SpeechWeb application is an application that provides a special interface. The basic idea is that not much more than natural language is used to communicate with the applications. SpeechWeb applications also need to describe the possible input texts by publishing a JSGF grammar.


Tikal

Tikal (or Tik’al, according to modern orthography) is the largest of the ancient ruined cities of the Maya civilization. It is in modern day Guatemala at . Now it is a UNESCO World Heritage Site, and a popular tourist spot. 
Tikal was one of the major cultural and population centers of the Maya civilization. The oldest monumental architecture at the site dates to the 4th century BC. The best time of Tikal was during the Classic Period, from 200 AD to 900 AD. In this period, Tikal was in charge of the Maya region politically, economically, and militarily. This is because it was linked with areas throughout Mesoamerica, such as central Mexican, the center of Teotihuacan. After the end of the Late Classic Period, no new major monuments were built. Some palaces were burned and the population declined. The site was abandoned by the end of the 10th century.

The ruins are on lowland rainforest, but Tikal had no water other than what was collected from rainwater and stored underground. Archaeologists working in Tikal during the last century used the underground facilities to store water for their own use. The absence of springs, rivers, and lakes nearby is unusual for a major city. However, Tikal did well with intensive agricultural techniques. These were more advanced than the slash & burn methods originally theorized by archeologists. The reliance on seasonal rainfall made Tikal open to drought. This is now thought to play a major part in the "Classic Maya Collapse".

The known rulers of Tikal, with general or specific dates attributed to them, include the following:






Resistance

Resistance could mean:


Bard

The bard probably belonged to a social class in Celtic Europe. Bards were poets or singers and were most likely were in the service of Celtic nobility. They were probably employed to tell about how good their master (the nobleman) was or to sing about what he did. Today, it is not quite clear what the difference was from a druid. Early Roman scolars used the word vates to refer to all of them, which has been translated as "prophet" or "soothsayer". It is also a common school in the North East Pacific West.



Operation

Operation may refer to:


Mausoleum

A mausoleum is a building used to store the remains of people who have died. Instead of being buried in soil, like in a cemetery, they are placed in chambers behind walls, or in a vault under the floor. The word came from the name of an ancient king.

Soviet leader Lenin is a mausoleum. In 1953, Joseph Stalin was buried next to him but his body was removed during destalinization.


Venus figurine

Possibly among the earliest traces of art are Venus figurines. These are figurines that show women. Most often the women are shown as being pregnant, with breasts well visible. The figurines occur from Western Europeto Siberia. Most are about 30.000 years old; Two figurimes have been found that are much older, the Venus of Tan-Tan has been dated to 500.000 to 300.000 years ago. It was found in Morocco. The Venus of Berekhat Ram was found on the Golan Heights. It has been dated to 300.000 to 200.000 years ago. It may be the earliest thing that shows the human form. 

Different kind of stone, bones and ivory were used to make the figurines. Some are also made of clay which was then burned in a fire. This is one of the earliest known traces of the use of ceramics.

Today it is not known what the figurines meant for the people who made them. There are two basic interpretations:
Scientists have excluded that they were linked to the fertility of fields, because agriculture had not yet been discovered.

The two figurines that are older may have mostly formed by natural processes. The Venus of Tan-Tan was covered with a substance that could have been some kind of paint. It contained traces of Iron and Manganese. The figurine of Berekhat Ram shows traces that someone worked on it with a tool. A study done in 1997 states that this could not have been done by nature alone

Venus of Tan-Tan

The Venus of Tan-Tan is a venus figurine. It was found in Morocco. It has been dated to be between 300.000 and 500.000 years old. Unlike the other venus figurines, it appears neither male nor female.

Venus of Berekhat Ram

The Venus of Berekhat Ram is a stone that was found on the Golan Heights in 1981. Scientists have proposed to classify it as a Venus figurine, because there are traces it was worked on with a stone tool. The things that have been worked can clearly be told apart from the natural stone. It is therefore agreed that the pebble has been modified by human action, even though it bears little resemblance to the much later "Venus figurines" of about 30.000 years ago.

List of Baptists

This is a list of Baptists. This list is not complete.






Joy

Joy is an emotion of great happiness. 
Joy can also be interpreted as a person's name.

Joy may also refer to:







Grace

Grace could mean:

in music:

A song:

in religion:

Grace may also be:



Chattanooga, Tennessee

Chattanooga is the fourth-largest city in Tennessee, a state in the United States of America. Cities larger than it are Nashville - the capital and largest city of the state; Memphis; and Knoxville. Chattanooga is in the southeast of Tennessee.

The first people to live in the Chattanooga area were Native American Indians with sites dating back to the Upper Paleolithic period. The city became a transport hub, which made it a target in the American Civil War.

The United States Census Bureau say that the city has a total area of 150.1 square miles (388.7 km²). This is made up of 142.4 square miles (368.7 km²) of land, and 7.7 square miles (20.0 km²) of water (5.15% of the total area).

The most well known natural feature near Chattanooga is the Tennessee River and the surrounding highlands. The city is between the southwestern Ridge-and-valley Appalachians and the foot of Walden's Ridge.


Greenville, South Carolina

Greenville is a city in South Carolina, United States. Bob Jones University is in Greenville. Greenville is in the Blue Ridge region of the state and is the county seat of Greenville County. As of 2020, there were 70,720 people living in the city, and 387,271 people living in the urban area.


Jonathan Edwards

Jonathan Edwards can mean:


Jonathan Edwards (theologian)

Jonathan Edwards (October 5, 1703 – March 22, 1758) was a colonial American preacher, theologian, and missionary to Native Americans. He was one of the most important people in the Great Awakening, a religious movement in the United States. He preached a sermon called "Sinners in the Hands of an Angry God".

Prostate cancer

Prostate cancer is a disease in which cancer develops in the prostate, a gland in the male reproductive system. It is often treated with prostatectomy, radiotherapy, or hormonal therapy.

Aggressive prostate cancer is now known to have a genetic basis. Men with gene BRCA2 are more likely to get the cancer, and more likely it will be in its most aggressive form.

John Edwards

Johnny Reid "John" Edwards (born June 10, 1953) is an American politician. He served one term as U.S. Senator from North Carolina.

Johnny Edwards was born at Prisma Health Oconee Memorial Hospital in Seneca, South Carolina, He was the son of Wallace Edwards and Catharine Edwards, He studied Clemson University and North Carolina State University, He graduated with a Bachelor's degree of textile technology in 1974, After that he graduated as a Doctor of Law at University of North Carolina School of Law .

Before his time in the Senate, he was a lawyer. He argued and won several big cases about doctors who gave bad care and caused harm to patients. He also won lawsuits for people who had been injured by negligence of businesses or by using their products.

His best known case was for a Cary, North Carolina three year old girl. She was badly injured by being sucked into an open drain in a swimming pool playpool for toddlers. Her family won enough money from the drain company to pay for her medical care for the rest of her life.

Edwards served for one term in the United States Senate from 1999 to 2005, serving his state of North Carolina. He decided not to run for re-election as he was running for president, and later vice-president, in the 2004 election cycle. He ran for President of the United States twice, in 2004 and 2008, but was defeated by John Kerry and Barack Obama in the Primaries. He was later chosen to be the Democratic candidate for Vice-President in 2004 on the Kerry ticket, but he was defeated by incumbent Vice-President Dick Cheney.

In 2008, he admitted to having an affair while his wife, Elizabeth was dying. He has written several books.

Fuller Theological Seminary

The Fuller Theological Seminary is in Pasadena, California. It is one of North America's largest seminaries. The Seminary has over 4,300 students from over 67 countries and 108 denominations.


Bachelor of Divinity

In Western Christian theology, a Bachelor of Divinity (BD or BDiv) is usually an undergraduate academic degree given for courses taken in the study of divinity. At some institutions, the BD is a higher degree than the Bachelor of Arts. 


Freespire

Freespire is a Linux distribution made with parts from Ubuntu. It was made to make using free software easy, while giving the choice to use non-free (not open source) parts. These parts might be programs, drivers, or codecs. Linspire, a commercial Linux distribution, is made from Freespire.


Spiritual gift

In Christianity, the spiritual gifts are gifts given to Christians. Each Christian has his or her own gift (or gifts). They are talked about in the New Testament, mainly in First Corinthians 12, Romans 12, and Ephesians 4. Some believe that they only worked in early Christianity.

Sanctification

The word sanctification refers to the act of making holy or setting apart as special. The word is used five times in the Authorized Version of the New Testament (1 Corinthians 1:30, 1 Thessalonians 4:3,1 Thessalonians 4:4, 2 Thessalonians 2:13, and 1 Peter 1:2).

To sanctify means “to set apart for special use or purpose,” and “to make holy or sacred,” and etymologically from the Latin verb 'sanctificare' which in turn is from "sanctus" “holy” and "facere" “to make.”

When an object or place is made holy, usually a ceremony is performed. Then people see that it is a special object or place and treat it with respect. A person may also be "set apart for special purpose", as when a priest or pastor is ordained. 

Sanctification can also refer to how a person becomes a good moral person, or someone with a close relationship to God. This may not include any ceremony. Persons who achieve this holiness are sometimes called Saints. Some churches have a list of saints who have been recognized as having been especially holy persons. 

Generally in Protestant teaching, all Christians are considered saints. All are expected to become people who are close to God and who live a life like that which Jesus taught. Reading the Bible, prayer, worshiping God and Jesus and telling others about their faith are important in becoming sanctified. 

Glossolalia

Glossolalia, or speaking in tongues, is speaking rapid speech-like syllables which cannot be understood. In some cases it is part of religious practice. Some consider it as a part of a sacred language. It is a common practice amongst Pentecostal and Charismatic Christianity.

In 1972 a linguist from the University of Toronto published an assessment of Pentecostal glossolalia. His assessment was based on a large sample of glossolalia recorded in public and private Christian meetings in Italy, the Netherlands, Jamaica, Canada and the US.

Samarin found that glossolalic speech is like human language in some respects. The speaker uses accent, rhythm, intonation and pauses to break up the speech into distinct units. Each unit is itself made up of syllables. The syllables are formed from consonants and vowels taken from a language known to the speaker:

It is verbal behaviour that consists of using a certain number of consonants and vowels... in a limited number of syllables that in turn are organized into larger units that are taken apart and rearranged pseudogrammatically... with variations in pitch, volume, speed and intensity.
Samarin found that the resemblance to human language was just on the surface. He concluded that glossolalia is "only a facade of language". The syllable string did not form words, the stream of speech was not internally organized, and – most importantly of all – there was no systematic relationship between units of speech and concepts. Humans use language to communicate but glossolalia does not. Therefore, he concluded that glossolalia is not "a specimen of human language because it is neither internally organized nor systematically related to the world man perceives". On the basis of his linguistic analysis, Samarin defined Pentecostal glossolalia as "meaningless but phonologically structured human utterance, believed by the speaker to be a real language but bearing no systematic resemblance to any natural language, living or dead".

Christian hedonism

Christian hedonism is a controversial Christian doctrine in some evangelical churches, partly those of the Reformed tradition. This term was made by Baptist pastor John Piper in his 1986 book "Desiring God". Piper talks about this philosophy of the Christian life as "God is most glorified in us when we are most satisfied in Him."

Yucatec language

Yucatec Maya ("Maaya T'aan" in the revised orthography of the "Academia de Lenguas Mayas de Guatemala") is a Mayan language spoken in the Yucatán Peninsula. It is also spoken in northern Belize and parts of Guatemala. To native speakers, it is known only as Maya - "Yucatec" is a label linguists use to distinguish it from other Mayan languages (such as K'iche' and Itza' Maya).

In the Mexican states of Yucatán, northern Campeche and Quintana Roo, Maya remains many speakers' first language today, with approximately 800,000 speakers.

Uxmal

Uxmal is a large pre-Columbian city. The ruins are in Mexico today, in the state of Yucatán. According to the records of the Maya, the city was built around the year 500 AD. According to current research, about 25.000 people lived there. Most of the buildings that can be seen today were built between 700 and 1100. After 1200, there seems to be no new construction. The ruling family moved their capital elsewhere, and the population of the city declined. 

According to the documents of the Spanish conquerors, the city still had some importance in the 1550s. It was probably abandoned soon afterwards, as the Spanish built no city nearby.

Tayasal

Tayasal is a pre-Columbian Maya archaeological site from the Postclassic period. The site is in the southern Maya lowlands on a small island in Lake Petén Itzá. This island is now part of the Department of Petén in northern Guatemala. Tayasal was the capital of one of the last independent Maya polities to be conquered by the Spanish "conquistadores" and colonizers, along with Zacpeten (the capital of the Ko'woj Maya) and Eixequil (the Yalnain capital), in 1697. 

As an archaeological site, it was heavily damaged by the Spanish after its fall. The capital city of the modern Petén department, Flores, has been built over the island and the nearby shores of the lake. 

The Itza left the Yucatán region in the 13th century and built the city later known as Tayasal as their capital. They called it "Noh Petén", or literally "City Island". It was also called "Tah Itzá", or Place of the Itzá.

In 1541, Hernán Cortés came to the island, on route to Honduras, but needed to move on and did not try to conquer it due to its very good defensive position. 

The Spanish were not able to conquer the island until 1697, after several attempts, that begun in 1629, when they marched in, from Corozal in Belize, Yucatán and Alta Verapaz, attacked with boats, and destroyed it. Many Itzá people hid in the jungle for years. The structures of Noh Petén were turned into the Roman Catholic Church and other buildings in the city of Flores. 



Archaeological site

An archaeological site is a place where physical remains of the past survive. The archaeologists working there will carefully record what they find. They may also change the site so that what has been found can be preserved better.

The site will have trenches so that people can excavate better. To start the excavation, the topsoil will be removed. Special tools like pickaxes and mattocks are used to break up and remove very hard compacted soil. Shovels and spades are used to clear away bulk debris. Other hand tools used in bulk cleanup work are hoes, rakes, forks, and the wheelbarrow to cart it away.


Copán

Copán was a Maya city. Today, the ruins are in Honduras, near the border to Guatemala. The kingdom of Copan flourished from the 5th to the 9th century. The people would hire slaves to build houses. If they hired 80 - 100 workers it would usually take them around 2-3 months to finish it

<br>

Stephenie Meyer

Stephenie Meyer (born December 24, 1973 in Hartford, Connecticut) is an American author. She was raised in Phoenix, Arizona. She is the author of the "Twilight" series. "The Host", Meyer's first adult novel, was released on May 6, 2008.

Meyer's first novel, "Twilight", has won numerous honors, including: 



Flora Thompson

Flora Jane Thompson (5 December 1876 – 21 May 1947) was an English novelist and poet that was famous for her semi-autobiographical trilogy about the English countryside, "Lark Rise to Candleford".

She was born in "Juniper Hill", a hamlet in north-east Oxfordshire. She was the eldest of six children of the stonemason Albert and the nursemaid Emma Timms. In her books her favourite brother, Edwin, is mentioned as important companion during her childhood. He was killed near Ypres in 1916. Flora was educated in the village "Cottisford" and worked in various post offices in southern England. The first of these was "Fringford", a village about four miles north-east of Bicester. Flora started work here in 1891, as assistant to the postmistress, Mrs. Kezia Whitton. Among other post offices where Flora worked was that at "Grayshott", in Hampshire, and she later moved to Bournemouth. In 1903 she married John William Thompson, with whom she had two sons and a daughter.

Flora benefited from good access to books when the public library opened in Winton, in 1907. Not long after, in 1911, she won an essay competition in "The Ladies Companion" for a 300-word essay on Jane Austen. She later wrote extensively, publishing short stories and magazine and newspaper articles. She was a keen self-taught naturalist and many of her nature articles were anthologised in 1986.

Her most famous works are the "Lark Rise to Candleford" trilogy, which she sent as essays to "Oxford University Press" in 1938 and which were published soon after. The books are a, if autobiographical, but fictionalised social history of rural English life in the late 19th and early 20th century and are now considered minor classics.

Flora Thompson died in 1947 in "Brixham", Devon and is buried at Longcross Cemetery, Dartmouth, Devon.





ClamWin

ClamWin Free Antivirus is a free, open source antivirus software for Microsoft Windows. It provides a graphical user interface to the ClamAV engine.

ClamWin is licensed under the terms of the GNU General Public License and can be downloaded from the official website for free.

Marco van Basten

Marcel "Marco" van Basten (; born 31 October 1964) is a former Dutch footballer. He was most recently the manager of the Netherlands national football team. He had to quit playing football early because of an injury that kept him from playing for more than a year.

Van Basten was known for his strength on the ball, his tactical awareness and spectacular strikes and volleys. He is regarded as one of the greatest footballers of all time.

Van Basten was named FIFA World Player of the Year in 1992 and won the Ballon d'Or three times, in 1988, 1989 and 1992. He was named "UEFA best Player of the Year" three times (1989, 1990 and 1992) and "FIFA World Player of the Year" in 1992. In a French magazine named "France Football," he was voted as one of the eight best Football Players of the Century. In 1999, he was ranked sixth in the FIFA Player of the Century internet poll.


Ajax

A.C. Milan

Netherlands

Individual


Masonry

Masonry is the building of structures from individual units laid in and bound together by mortar. The term "masonry" can also refer to the units themselves.

The common materials of masonry construction are brick, stone such as marble, granite, travertine, limestone; concrete block, glass block, and tile. Masonry is generally a highly durable form of construction.

Masonry is commonly used for the walls of buildings, retaining walls and monuments. Brick is the most common type of masonry. Concrete block masonry is rapidly gaining in popularity as a comparable material.



Lark Rise to Candleford

Lark Rise to Candleford is a trilogy of semi-autobiographical novels set in the English countryside in the late 19th century. They were written by Flora Thompson, and first published in that form in 1945. The trilogy includes the previously published stories "Lark Rise" (1939), "Over to Candleford" (1941) and "Candleford Green" (1943).

The stories relate to three communities, a hamlet, the nearby village and the nearest town in Oxfordshire, England. The stories are loosely based around Flora's childhood experiences. The books describe village life through the seasons of the year.

The television scriptwriter and playwright Keith Dewhurst adapted Thompson’s trilogy into two plays, "Lark Rise" and "Candleford", which were performed in the Cottesloe auditorium of London’s National Theatre in 1978–9. Dewhurst selected just two days: the first day of harvest for "Lark Rise" and the first hunt meet of the new year, a winter’s day in January, for "Candleford". The plays try to make the audience recognize the value of a way of life, close to the land and countryside, that they could never know for themselves. “It will send most spectators out wiser and happier human beings...one of those rare theatrical occasions with a genuine healing quality”, wrote theatre critic Michael Billington of "The Guardian".

A ten-part BBC adaptation, starring Dawn French and others, began on BBC One in the UK on 13 January 2008.


Lark Rise to Candleford (TV series)

Lark Rise to Candleford is a British television costume drama series, adapted by the BBC from Flora Thompson's trilogy of semi-autobiographical novels about the English countryside. The first episode aired on 13 January 2008 on BBC One and BBC HD. Its cast includes actors from other late 2007 and early 2008 BBC costume dramas such as "Sense and Sensibility" and "Cranford".

The story set in Oxfordshire. It is about Laura Timmins, a teenage girl from the village of Lark Rise who is sent by her parents to work as an assistant at the post office in the nearby town of Candleford. The post office is run by Miss Dorcas Lane, who is a cousin of Laura's mother. Laura's father, the stonemason Robert Timmins, at first misses her but later becomes proud of her for doing well in her new job. Laura's friend Alf Arless is in love with her, but, as Laura becomes used to life in Candleford, he realises that she will never return his feelings.

The other post office workers are the postman, Thomas Brown, a very religious man who tries not to get involved in any kind of mischief or fun; the maid Zillah, who has been with Miss Lane for many years and considers herself in charge of the household; and Mrs Macey, the senior assistant who decides to leave when other people find out that her husband has been in prison.

A second series began in January 2009, introducing some new characters. These include a new maid, Minnie, and a rich hotel-owner, James Dowland, who falls in love with Dorcas Lane.

In the end, the series had a four season run. The BBC stopped a fifth season, because the team felt that after four seasons, the time was right to bring in new dramas. It was said they hoped viewers would love the new programmes in the same way. The last episode on BBC was in early 2011.

The Debtors Act of 1869 abolished putting people in prison for debt they could not pay. The series makes much of Mrs Arless', played by Dawn French, imprisonment for debt. In the novels the events are played out in the 1880s and later. So imprisonment for debt would therefore be a mistake in the chronology of time.


Cinnabar

Cinnabar is a mineral. It is the main ore of mercury and is made up of the chemical mercuric sulphide (HgS). 

Cinnabar exists in two crystal forms. Red cinnabar is used for the pigment vermilion. It is poisonous, and may go black with age. The other crystal form is black, and does not react chemically to anything except strong acids. Cinnabar has a Mohs hardness of 2–2.5. 

Cinnabar has been mined since the Neolithic age. 

Rattlesnake

The rattlesnake is a kind of snake, a reptile. About 50 species of rattlesnakes are known: they are a kind of pit viper. 

There are two groups of rattlesnakes: the genera "Crotalus" and "Sistrurus". All have a venomous bite, and some are much more dangerous than others. Pit vipers have a set of heat-sensing "pits" on their heads which help them find prey and move towards it, even in the dark.

The name "rattlesnake" is used because they have a special tail with several parts on the end that can make a loud "bzzzz" sound, or rattle. This defends them against predators and large animals. It acts as a warning signal. 

Rattlesnakes are native to the Americas from southwest Canada to central Argentina. They usually live in dry areas. They eat small animals such as birds and rodents.

When they are young, many are eaten by birds. When they are adult, they have a particular enemy: the common kingsnake, "Lampropeltis getula", a colubrid snake.

12 Rounds (movie)

12 Rounds is a 2009 movie. It is directed by Renny Harlin and produced by WWE Films. The actors include John Cena, Steve Harris, Aidan Gillen, and Brian J. White. Filming took place in New Orleans between February 25 and May 12, 2008. It was released in the United States on March 27, 2009.

The movie follows Danny Baxter (Cena), a New Orleans police detective, as he begins a 12-round battle of wits to recover his kidnapped girlfriend, Janine, from criminal master Miles Jackson III.

Miami Seaquarium

The Miami Seaquarium is an aquarium on Virginia Key, in Miami, Florida. The park has animals such as dolphins, whales, snakes, crocodiles, alligators, sharks, fish, parrots, turtles or sea turtles, etc. It has been open since 1955.

The main attraction is Lolita, the world's oldest captive orca. She is now the park's only orca. Animal rights activists have long argued that the tank does not meet federal minimum requirements (Animal Welfare Act). The USDA has recently made statements in support of the activists' argument. However, Lolita is a special case.

Winter solstice

The winter solstice is the time when the sun has the biggest distance to the Tropic of Cancer. After this, the sun is going to move to back in the direction of the equator.

The Earth revolves around the Sun. The sunlight reaches the Earth at an angle. On each day of the year, the sun will be perpendicular at a given latitude. At the start of spring and at the start of autumn it passes over the equator. On the June Solstice it is over the Tropic of Cancer, at 23.5 degrees north. In the Northern Hemisphere this is the longest day of the year, which has the shortest night and is called the Summer Solstice. In the Southern Hemisphere this is the shortest day of the year, which has the longest night and is called the Winter Solstice. On the December Solstice it is over the Tropic of Capricorn, at 23.5 degrees south. In the Southern Hemisphere this is the longest day of the year, which has the shortest night and is called the Summer Solstice. In the Northern Hemisphere this is the shortest day of the year, which has the longest night and is called the Winter Solstice.

For the northern hemisphere, the Winter solstice is around 21 December. This means that the sun is at the southern tropic. For the southern Hemisphere, the winter solstice is around 21 June. This means that the sun is at the northern tropic.

The word solstice comes from Latin "Sol" (sun) and "sistere" (to not move), winter solstice meaning Sun standstill in winter.

The earth prone and moves in an elliptic way around the sun. Because of this, the point from where the sun is shining moves between the Tropic of Capricorn and the Tropic of Cancer.

The winter solstice is celebrated around 21 December since 1582, when Pope Gregory XIII introduced the Gregorian calendar.

Sergio Castillo

Sergio Castillo (13 May 1925 – 19 August 2010 in Santiago, Chile) was a sculptor.

He began as an architect. In 1948 he travelled to Paris and took painting courses. After returning to Chile he attended the Faculty of Arts of the University of Chile, where he studied with two known teachers, Lily Garafulic and Marta Colvin. In 1956 he studied at the Art Student League of New York. From 1967 he taught at the University of Chile. He lived and worked for many years at San Lorenzo del Escorial, Spain. In 1985 he joined the faculty of Boston University, in the US. He built several large pieces on the campus of Boston University.

He won the National Award in Art (1997). “50 años creando mis animales en acero” (50 years making my steel animals) is his recent exposition, including things that look a little like animals.


Summer solstice

The summer solstice is when the Sun is at its highest point in the sky during a year. The solstice itself is one moment, but many use the word to mean the day when the solstice happens. The summer solstice does not always happen on exactly the same day.

The word solstice comes from Latin and means that "the Sun stands still". 

For the northern hemisphere, the summer solstice is around 21 June (20, 21 or 22 of June). This means that the sun is at the northern tropic. For the southern hemisphere, the summer solstice is around 21 December. This means that the sun is at the southern tropic.

Bearded dragon

Bearded dragons are agamid lizards in the genus "Pogona".

The central bearded dragon is the common name for "Pogona vitticeps", which lives in dry areas of Australia The name "bearded dragon" refers to the fringes around and under the head. The underside of the throat turns black if they are stressed or see a potential rival.

Central bearded dragons can grow to about 2 feet long. Half of the length of a bearded dragon's body is its tail. Females are usually smaller than males. If a bearded dragon is scared, it will flatten its body against the ground, puff out its spiky throat, and open its jaws to make itself look larger. Bearded dragons sometimes open their mouths wide to allow hot air to warm them better when they are lying in the sun. They also open their mouths to help them cool down; the warm air and heat escapes through their mouths. This behavior is similar to panting.

Central bearded dragons eat small and large insects, such as grasshoppers and worms. They also eat leaves, fruit, vegetables and flowers. They get most of their water from the food they eat, but they also need to drink sometimes. You can also give them horn worms (tomato worms) as a treat once or twice a every two months as a treat. 


Mensa International

Mensa International (or just Mensa) is the largest, oldest and most famous high-IQ group of people in the world. The non-profit organization only has members with high IQs. They must score at the 98th percentile or higher on a standardized, supervised intelligence test. In many cases the IQ you have to have to join is 130.



Mensa

Mensa, meaning "table" in Latin, could mean:


When a plural exists, it is often Mensae, such as Cydonia Mensae.

Intertel

Intertel is the second oldest and third largest high IQ society. Members must score in the top one percentile on a standardized, supervised IQ test.

The name was originally ""The International Legion of Intelligence"" and members are called "ILIans".


Coweta (disambiguation)

Coweta can mean:


Dow Jones Industrial Average

The Dow Jones Industrial Average (, also called the DJIA, Dow 30, The Dow Jones or The Dow) is a stock market index. It was created by Charles Dow, who started the "Wall Street Journal" newspaper and later Dow Jones & Company.

The stock prices of 30 companies are used to calculate the Dow Jones Industrial Average. The 30 companies are picked by experts who work for Dow Jones. They are supposed to represent the general economy of the United States. The rules to pick companies say that all the companies must be from the USA. The rules also say the companies' stocks must be traded on either the NYSE or the Nasdaq Exchange. 

In the past the companies were all heavy industries companies and made things like steel, oil, autos, and appliances. Now the it has many different kinds of companies including some that offer products and services like medicine or software.

Since 2020, these are the companies that currently make up the Dow Jones:
For a list of companies that have once been a part on the Dow Jones but are no longer part of it, see .

Old Major (Animal Farm)

Old Major is a character in the book "Animal Farm". He is an award winning elderly Middle White boar. He is twelve years of age, and had 400 piglets. Old Major has a wise and benevolent look but his tushes are never cut. He had given inspiration to the other pigs about the fair rules on the farm once the farmers were gone, before Old Major died. Old Major is based on Marx and Lenin of the Russian Revolution, whose ideas changed into Communism.

One evening, Old Major said that he had a dream the night before. Because of the dream, a meeting was to be held in the big barn at night. At the meeting, he talked with the other animals about the cause of their suffering, Man. He gave them the way to end their problem, rebellion. Later, he told the farm animals about his dream. In the dream he saw the Earth after Man was no longer on it. He also remembered a song sung by the animals of old, "Beasts of England", which the animals learned very fast.

While the animals were singing "Beasts of England", the sound woke their owner Mr. Jones. He fired his gun six times. This ended the meeting immediately. Old Major died peacefully in his sleep 3 days later.

Yanomami

The Yanomami (also spelled Yąnomamö or Yanomama) is a local tribe living in southern Venezuela (Amazonas department) and northern Brazil (Amazonas state and Roraima). There are approximately 35,000 Yanomami people who live in some 200–250 villages. They live in "shabonos", which are villages made with wood, straw and palm leaves.
They are also called Yanomamo and Yanam.
The word "Yanomami" means "human being".

The Yanomami tribe have lived in the rain forests of South America for centuries.
They live in small groups, and shelter in one huge house and it is called a Yanos which can hold up to 250 Yanomami.

The Yanomami tribe is also known as the Yanomamo. There is an average of 20,000 Yanomami. 
About 12,000 of them are Yanomamo. They eat plantains which is the most important food. The Yanomami love to hunt. Most of the child 
raising is done by the females of the family. Yanomami tribe villages sometimes have different languages so people from one may not understand the others. Rituals are a very important part of being a Yanomami. There are about 200-250 Yanomami villages in the area between the tropic of cancer to Capricorn. 

Glamis Castle

Glamis Castle is one of the most famous castles in the United Kingdom. It is near the village of Glamis, in Angus, Scotland. It is the home of the Earl and Countess of Strathmore and Kinghorne. Glamis Castle was the childhood home of Elizabeth Bowes-Lyon, best known as the Queen Mother. Her daughter, Princess Margaret, was born there. A picture of the castle is featured on the Royal Bank of Scotland ten pound note. 

Parts of the castle and its gardens are open to the public. There is also a tea room for visitors.

There are many famous stories and legends about Glamis Castle.

Glamis Castle is set in the wide valley of Strathmore, near Forfar, the capital of Angus. It is between the Sidlaw Hills to the south and the Grampian Mountains to the north, about 12 miles (20 kilometres) from the North Sea. 

The estate (the castle's land) covers more than 14,000 acres (57 km²). There are gardens and walking trails, as well as a farm which produces beef and a plantation (planted forest) which produces timber. There are two streams run through the estate. Near one stream, called the Glamis Burn is an "arboretum" (a tree garden) which has trees from all over the world, many of them rare and several hundred years old. Birds and other small wildlife can often be seen in the grounds.





Oasis

In geography, an oasis is an isolated place in the desert where there is vegetation. Most often, this occurs around a source of water. Oases provide a habitat for animals and are used as a source of water for humans.

The knowledge of the location of oases has been important for trade and transportation routes in desert areas. Caravans must travel via oases so that supplies of water and food can be refilled. Thus, political or military control of an oasis has in many cases meant control of trade on a particular route. For example, the oases of Awjila, Ghadames and Kufra, in modern-day Libya, have at various times been vital to both North-South and East-West trade in the Sahara desert. The word "oasis" came into English via Greek ὄασις , which was borrowed from Egyptian "wḥ3t" or Demotic "wḥỉ". It was not borrowed from Coptic "ouaḥe" (<nowiki>*</nowiki>/waħe/), as is sometimes suggested; the Greek word is attested several centuries before Coptic existed as a written language.

Ancient Near East

The Ancient Near East is the name given to early civilizations within a region roughly corresponding to the modern Middle East: Mesopotamia (modern Iraq and Syria), Persia (modern Iran), Anatolia (modern Turkey), the Levant (modern Syria, Lebanon, Israel, Palestine, and Jordan), and Ancient Egypt, from the rise of Sumer in the 4th millennium BCE until the region's conquest by Alexander the Great in the 4th century BCE, or covering both the Bronze Age and the Iron Age in the region. As such, it is a term widely used in the fields of Near Eastern archaeology, ancient history and Egyptology.
Some would exclude Egypt from the ancient Near East as a geographically and culturally distinct area. However, because of Egypt's intimate involvement with the region, especially from the 2nd millennium BCE, this exclusion is rare.

The ancient Near East is considered the cradle of civilization. It was the first to practice intensive year-round agriculture; it gave the rest of the world the first writing system, invented the potter's wheel and then the vehicular- and mill wheel, created the first centralized governments, law codes and empires, as well as introducing social stratification, slavery and organized warfare, and it laid the foundation for the fields of astronomy and mathematics.

Boxer (Animal Farm)

Boxer is a character from the book Animal Farm by George Orwell. He is a horse, and is nearly eighteen hands high. In the book he is as strong as two horses put together. He has a white stripe down his nose, and that gives him a strange appearance. But still he was respected for his great power in work and his good character. He works as a cart-horse, as does Clover. And, though well hidden, Benjamin does actually admire Boxer for his courage and considers him a good friend and companion who he wishes to spend the rest of his time with in Animal Farm (though that wish is unfortunately unachievable). 

In the book Boxer falls into the quarry when he was pulling a cart full of rock and is sent to a veterinarian on another farm by Napoleon. Squealer, Napoleon's spokesman, then claims he died peacefully, but Benjamin realizes he has actually gone to the knacker's (slang for slaughterhouse, where animals are killed). Boxer was the most hard-working animal in the farm and was respected by all. When Boxer tried to support Snowball against Squealer, Napoleon tries to attack Boxer with his dogs but Boxer easily crushes the dog. Boxer is an ideal character showing loyalty along with his great hard work. 

His slogans are: 

He is a very loyal, caring character, but he is flawed in his lack of intelligence and does not see the real truth behind situations.


Benjamin (Animal Farm)

In the fictional story "Animal Farm", Benjamin is the oldest animal on Manor Farm, and very cool-tempered. He seldom speaks, except to make some cynical remark. He is the only animal on the farm that never laughs, saying that there was nothing to laugh at when asked about it. Without admitting it, Benjamin is devoted to Boxer, grazing with him in a small paddock near the orchard on Sundays. He was not changed by the rebellion that took place towards the beginning of the novel.

Atari 2600

The Atari 2600 is a video game console released in the United States in October 1977. The Atari 2600 was originally called the Atari Video Computer System (or VCS). The Atari 2600 uses game cartridges which can be swapped in and out to change games, which was a new idea in video games at the time. Over 30 million Atari 2600 consoles were sold.

While Atari designed their console, they code-named it Stella. When released in 1977, they called it the Video Computer System (VCS for short). There was also a version that was sold at Sears called the Sears Video Arcade. It was not called the Atari 2600 until the Atari 5200 released in 1982. The 2600 is called this because that is the part number the company used to tell the difference in versions.

When the Atari 2600 came out, it usually came with two joystick controllers, a pair of paddle controllers, and a game cartridge. There were initially nine games available at launch, featuring "Combat" (packaged with the console), "Air-Sea Battle", "Basic Math", "Blackjack", "Indy 500", "Star Ship", "Street Racer", "Surround", and "Video Olympics". The 2600 originally sold for $199.
The Atari 2600 uses different sets of colors depending on the television used with it:

When the Atari 2600 was released nine games were available. Those games were "Combat" (which came with the console), "Air-Sea Battle", "Basic Math", "Blackjack", "Indy 500", "Star Ship", "Street Racer", "Surround", and "Video Olympics". Later more games came out, including "Pac-Man", "Missile Command" and "Space Invaders". The best-selling Atari 2600 game was "Pac-Man", which sold 7 million copies.

"Combat" was chosen to be included in the box with the Atari 2600. It contained 27 games in one cartridge. Each game involved tanks, bi-planes, or jets.

"Space Invaders" began as an intensely popular Japanese arcade game. In 1980 a version of the game was released for the Atari 2600. The pixelated aliens from this game are still used as a popular symbol for video games today.

"Pac-Man" began as an arcade game developed by Namco. In 1982 a version was released for the Atari 2600. It sold the most copies of any game released for the Atari 2600 (7 million copies). Despite this, the game was not popular with critics and consumers, because of the major differences in gameplay between the 2600 version and the arcade version.

See for a bigger list of games.

In 1980 the Atari 2600 was at the middle of an important development in video games, the beginning of third-party developers for console video games. In 1980 a group of four dissatisfied Atari employees founded the company Activision, who then released four games: "Dragster", "Fishing Derby", "Checkers", and "Boxing". This was an important moment in video game history as now every video game console on the market depends on some third-party game support.

Today those who want to play the games designed for the 2600 do not have to try to find the original console and cartridge as many of the games have been recreated in video game emulators. One such emulator, Stella, will function on most any operating system. After downloading this emulator users can download games from other websites and use this program to play them.

In 1986, a cheaper version of the Atari 2600 was released. Some people called this the Atari 2600 Junior. It was smaller than the original version. This system cost $50.


Master System

The is a home video game console made in 1985. It was not very popular in North America and Japan but was very popular in Brazil. One of the most popular games of the Master System was "Sonic the Hedgehog".

, the Master System was still in production in Brazil by Tectoy. This would make it the world's longest-lived console.

In October 1985, the Sega Mark III was released in Japan for ¥15,000.

The console was redesigned as the "Master System", and it was released in North America in 1986 at a price of $200 (). It included a multicart of the games "Hang-On" and "Safari Hunt". By the end of 1986, 125,000 Master System consoles had been sold. This was more than the Atari 7800's 100,000, but it was less than the NES's 1.1 million.

The console was re-released as the Master System in Japan in October 1987 for ¥16,800. It still sold poorly as did the Mark III. Neither model posed a serious challenge to Nintendo in Japan.
Sega released the Mega Drive, a 16-bit video game console, in Japan on October 29, 1988. The last game released for the Mark III/Master System in Japan was "Bomber Raid" in 1989.

By early 1992, Master System production stopped in North America. By that time, between 1.5 million and 2 million units had been sold in the United States.

The Master System later became a success in Europe. In Europe, it sold more than the NES by a lot. As late as 1993, the Master System's active installed user base in Europe was 6.25 million units. That was larger than that of the Mega Drive's 5.73 million base that year. Combined with the Mega Drive, Sega had the majority of the console user base in Europe that year.

The Master System has had the most success in Brazil. In Brazil, new versions have continued to be released. Tectoy has been manufacturing Master Systems since 1989. These versions include the Master System Compact and the Master System 3. In 2015, it was reported that the Master System sells around 150,000 units per year in Brazil. By 2016, the Master System had sold 8 million units in Brazil. Because Tectoy continued to produce the Master System years for so long, the Master System is considered the longest-lived in the history of video game consoles.

It is estimated that 13 million Master Systems were sold. This does not include recent Brazil sales.

Remote control

A remote control is a device used to issue commands (controlling it) from a distance to televisions, DVD players, doorbells and so on. 

A remote controller does not have a wire and can be held by hand. It has buttons for volume, changing television channels and more.

Infrared or radio signals are used to communicate with the devices. Batteries make remote controls and controllers work. Mostly AAA, AA or coin battery size batteries are used.

Spacewar!

Spacewar! is one of the first known video games. It was released in 1962. It was made by Steve Russell and others. In this game, the player has to shoot the other spaceships while flying around a star. The ships shoot missiles (rockets) which were unaffected (nothing happened) by the gravity. Each ship had only a few missiles and only a little bit of fuel. The hyperspace could be used to avoid being hit by a missile but the ship would reappear at a random place. The more the player used hyperspace, the bigger the chance that the spaceship would explode.

Giotto

Giotto di Bondone (c.1267–8 January 1337), usually known as Giotto, was an Italian painter and architect from Florence. He is generally thought of as the first in a line of great artists of the Italian Renaissance.

Giovanni Villani, who lived at the same time as Giotto, wrote that he was the king of painters, who drew all his figures as if they were alive. Villani says that, because he was so clever, the city of Florence gave him a salary.

In the 16th century, the biographer Giorgio Vasari says that Giotto changed painting from the Byzantine style of other artists of his day, and brought to life the great art of painting as it was made by the later Renaissance painters like Leonardo da Vinci. This was because Giotto drew his figures from life, rather than copying the style them from old well-known pictures in the way that the Byzantine artists like Cimabue and Duccio did.

Giotto's greatest work is the decoration of the "Scrovegni Chapel" in Padua, finished around 1305. The building is sometimes called the "Arena Chapel" because it is on the site of an Ancient Roman arena. This fresco series shows the life of the Virgin and the life of Christ. It is thought of as one of the greatest masterpieces of the Early Renaissance.

Although Vasari wrote about Giotto's life, it is not known how many of the stories are true, because Vasari was writing more than 200 years after Giotto died. Only two things are known for certain. It is known that in 1334 Giotto was chosen by the "commune" (town council) of Florence to design the bell tower next to Florence Cathedral which was being built at that time. It is also known for certain that Giotto painted the "Arena Chapel". But no-one can be certain where he was born, who his teacher was, what he looked like, whether he really painted the famous frescos at Assisi or where he was buried when he died.

Giotto was probably born in a hilltop farmhouse, perhaps at Colle di Romagnano or Romignano. He was the son of a well-respected man named Bondone. His name Giotto might have been a nickname from Ambrogiotto (little Ambrose) or Angelotto (little Angelo).
The year of his death is 1337, but the year of his birth (1267) is based on a poem by Antonio Pucci, the town crier of Florence, who said that Giotto was seventy when he died. Some people think that Pucci just used seventy because it fitted the rhyme of his poem, and that perhaps Giotto was a quite different age when he died.

In his "Lives of the Artists", Giorgio Vasari tells the story of how Giotto was a shepherd boy, a merry and intelligent child who was loved by all who knew him. One day the great Florentine painter Cimabue passed by and saw him drawing pictures of his sheep on a rock. They were so lifelike that Cimabue asked Bondone if he could take the boy as an apprentice. Many art historians think this story is just a legend. They think that Giotto's family was quite rich, and they moved to Florence where Giotto was sent to Cimabue's workshop as an apprentice.

Vasari tells several stories to show how clever Giotto was, and what a sense of humour he had. Vasari writes that when Cimabue was away from the workshop, Giotto painted a fly on the face of the painting that his master was working on. When Cimabue came back, he tried several times to brush the fly off.

Vasari also tells the story that the Pope wanted to see if Giotto would be a good artists to paint some important pictures. The Pope sent a messenger asking Giotto to send him back a small picture. Instead of doing a painting, which would take many days, Giotto drew, in red paint, a circle that was so perfect that it seemed as though it was drawn using a pair of compasses. Giotto told the messenger to give that to the Pope.

Giotto's master, Cimabue, was one of the two most famous painters of Tuscany. He worked in Florence, while the other famous painter, Duccio, worked mainly in Siena. Around 1280, Giotto and Cimabue went to Rome, where there were several fresco painters. The most famous painter in Rome was Pietro Cavallini. The famous sculptor and architect from Florence, Arnolfo di Cambio, was also working in Rome. Giotto would have seen the paintings and sculpture by these different artists. Pietro Cavallini's paintings and Arnolfo's sculpture was far more realistic and three-dimensional than the paintings by Giotto's teacher Cimabue.

From Rome, Giotto's teacher Cimabue went to Assisi to paint several large frescoes at the "Upper Church" of the newly built Basilica of St. Francis of Assisi. Through the 19th century,and for much of the 20th century it was believed that Giotto had also painted a famous series of frescos in the "Upper Church". These pictures show the "Life of St. Francis". From 1912, some art historians who studied these frescos more closely, decided that they were the work of several different artists (probably four), probably from Rome, and that probably none of the pictures were by Giotto. Nowadays, most art historians agree with this, but some books and some websites continue to say that these paintings are by Giotto. All the papers that belonged to the monastery were destroyed by Napoleon's soldiers, so there is no record of which artist was paid to do the job.

Vasari wrote that Giotto's earliest works were for the Dominican Friars at the Church of Santa Maria Novella in Florence. These paintings include a fresco of the Annunciation and the enormous suspended "Crucifix" which is about 5 metres high painted in about 1290 In 1312, a rich Florentine gentleman called Ricuccio Pucci left money in his will so that a lamp could be kept burning before the crucifix "by the illustrious painter Giotto".

In 1287, when he was about 20, Giotto married Ricevuta di Lapo del Pela, known as "Ciuta". The couple had many children, perhaps eight. One of the sons, Francesco, became a painter. Giotto's fame as a painter spread. He was called to work in Rome, Padua, and Rimini, where his "Crucifix" can be seen in the Church of St Francis. Giotto became rich enough to buy land in the wealthy city of Florence. This probably means that he was the master of a large workshop.

Giotto's most famous works are the fresco paintings in the Scrovegni Chapel in Padua. These were painted sometime between 1303 and 1310. The Scrovegni Chapel is often called the "Arena Chapel" because it is on the site of an Roman arena.

Giotto was "commissioned" (given the work) by a rich Paduan man called Enrico degli Scrovegni. Enrico built the chapel and had it painted as a place to pray for the soul of his dead father. It was next to a very old palace that Enrico was restoring to live in. The palace has gone now, but the chapel is still standing. The outside of the building is very plain, pinkish-red bricks.
The inside of the chapel is also very simple. It is long, with a chancel at one end where a priest can say the mass, an arched roof and windows down one side. The walls have been painted with three tiers (layers) of pictures. The "theme" (the main idea) in the pictures is God's Salvation of people through Jesus Christ.

In the usual way for churches of that date, the wall above the main door has a large painting of the "Last Judgement". At the other end of the building, on either side of the chancel archway are paintings of the Annunciation. One side shows the Virgin Mary and the other side show the Angel Gabriel who is bringing her the message that she will have a son, Jesus.

Around the walls, starting at the top layer, are scenes which tell the life of the Virgin Mary. Under them, in two layers, are the stories of the life of Jesus. There are 37 scenes altogether.

Giotto's master Cimabue painted in a Medieval style. But Giotto's paintings look quite different. The writer Giorgio Vasari says that Giotto brought about a complete change in painting, with a more natural style. Giotto would have seen the paintings of Pietro Cavallini and some Ancient Roman sculpture, on his visit to Rome. He also saw the sculpture of Arnolfo di Cambio who worked in Florence. The style of these sculptured figures was solid and natural, not "elongated" (made longer) like most Medieval sculptured and painted figures.

The figures that Giotto painted are solid and three-dimensional. They have anatomy, faces and actions that look very natural, because they have been drawn from looking at real people. The clothes of the figures are not arranged to form a beautiful pattern, like the clothes in Cimabue's paintings. They fit the figures and hang in a natural way like real clothes. This more natural way of showing people was started by Pietro Cavallini, but Giotto took the new ideas much further.

In the paintings around the walls of the Scrovegni Chapel, each scene looks like a shallow stage with actors on it. There are always some buildings or landscape such as a rocky hill, so that the viewer can see where the action is happening. The figures in each scene are carefully arranged so that the viewer can imagine that they are right there, taking part in the action.

The figures are not just shown with natural bodies, clothing and action. Giotto is a brilliant story-teller, because he shows the emotions of the characters in each painting, in both their faces and their "gestures" (body movement).

A famous English critic of the 1800s, John Ruskin, said that while Giotto painted the Madonna and St. Joseph and the Christ Child, he also painted them to look like an ordinary "Mamma, Papa and Baby."

Giotto had pupils who copied his style. Many other artists were influence by him. These painters include Guariento, Giusto de' Menabuoi, Jacopo Avanzi, and Altichiero. In the next hundred years, there were many churches and chapels painted with scenes like the ones that Gitto painted. The Scrovegni Chapel paintings were so famous that many other artists, such as Michelangelo, who lived 200 years later, made drawing or copies of them.

From 1306 to 1311 Giotto was in Assisi, painting frescoes in the "Lower Church". The paintings are about "The Life of Christ", "the Teachings of the Franciscan Friars" and "The Lives of the Saints".

In 1311 Giotto returned to Florence. In 1313 He went to Rome to design a mosaic for the façade (front) of the old St. Peter's Basilica. This was destroyed when the building was demolished.

From 1314 until 1327 Giotto lived in Florence. At this time he pianted the famous altarpiece for the Ognissanti Church (Church of All Saints). This large tempera painting is called the "Ognissanti Madonna". It is now in the Uffizi where it is exhibited beside Cimabue's "Santa Trinita Madonna" and Duccio's "Rucellai Madonna". Giotto also painted a very large "Crucifix" to hang in Ognissanti Church.

The sculptor Lorenzo Ghiberti wrote that in 1318 Giotto began to paint four Chapels at the Church of Santa Croce. The chapels were paid for by four different rich families and were given their names. Giotto painted the "Life of St. Francis" in the Bardi Chapel. He painted the "Life of St. John the Baptist" and the "Life of St. John the Evangelist" in the Peruzzi Chapel. He painted "Stories of the Virgin Mary" in the Tosinghi Spinelli Chapel and "Stories of the Apostles" in the Giugni Chapel. The Giugni Chapel has been destroyed. The Peruzzi Chapel was very famous during Renaissance times. More than 150 years later, Michelangelo came to studied Giotto's paintings.

In the 1320s Giotto painted two large altarpieces. The first was the Stefaneschi Triptych, which is now in the Vatican Museum. (A triptych is a painting on three panels. Some triptychs are very small and can be folded up and carried around, but this triptych is a large altarpiece.) The second altarpiece is called the Baroncelli Polyptych. (A polyptych has lots of parts, big and small. They are usually made as great big altarpieces for important churches, and have big, carved gold frames.)

Giotto travelled around and did paintings in Rome, Naples and Bologna. He always took a group of students with him. Nowadays, many of the frescos that he painted in these cities have been destroyed by damp, by earthquakes, by war and by people demolishing the church to build a new one. Because Giotto was very famous, people always liked to believe that he painted the fresco in their church. Many frescos are probably by Giotto's students.

In 1334 Giotto was in Florence where the magnificent new Florence Cathedral was being built. Giotto was made the chief architect and was given the job of designing a huge tower to hold the cathedral bells. It is called Giotto's Bell Tower and was designed and begun by him on July 18 1334, but it was not completed to his design.

As he grew old, Giotto became friends with two writers, Giovanni Boccaccio and Sacchetti, who both thought that he was such an entertaining and famous person that they wrote about him in their stories. The most famous writer of that time, Dante, also wrote about him in his book "The Divine Comedy". Dante said that Giotto was the greatest painter in the world, even greater than his famous master, Cimabue.

Giotto died in January 1337. Vasari wrote that Giotto was buried in Santa Maria del Fiore, the Cathedral of Florence, on the left of the entrance and with the spot marked by a white marble plaque.
In the 1970s, some bones were discovered underneath the paving near at a spot described by Vasari. In 2000 the bones were examined by experts.

The bones were those of a very short man, just over four feet tall. In a fresco in the Church of Santa Croce, there is a figure of a man who is a dwarf (a person who is very short). People at that church have always said that the dwarf was Giotto himself. The bones that were found at the cathedral support this story. Also, the bones had lots of unusual chemicals in them, such as arsenic and lead, which were found in the artist's paints. After the bones had been examined, they were buried with great honour, because many people believed that they were the remains of the great artist. Not everybody believes this.




Pliny the Younger

Gaius or Caius Plinius Caecilius Secundus, born Gaius or Caius Plinius Caecilius (61/63 in Como - ca. 113), better known as Pliny the Younger, was a lawyer, a remarkable writer, an author, and natural philosopher of Ancient Rome. Pliny's uncle, Pliny the Elder, helped raise and educate him and they were both witnesses to the eruption of Vesuvius on August 24th, 79 AD.


Moura Photovoltaic Power Station

The Moura Photovoltaic Power Station is in the municipality of Moura, in the interior region of Alentejo, Portugal. It has an installed capacity of 62 MWp. The first stage of construction was finished in 2008 and the second and final stage was finished in 2010. Together with the construction of the power station, a solar panel factory is currently being built and there are plans for a research lab dedicated to solar energy.

The brainchild of Prof Mario Baptista Coelho, the founding partner of Renatura and a Professor of Geostrategy of Natural Resources at the Faculty of Sciences of Lisbon, Moura was the first step in proving the feasibility of Very-Large Scale Photovoltaic Plants.

Originally conceptualized in 1999, Moura is a stepping stone in addressing the issue of carbon dioxide by way of solar energy.

Moura is currently operated by Acciona, which purchased the project in 2007.

Coped with Moura is the Sunflower Sustainability Project, as in integrated package of the paradigm of sustainability and Zero-Carbon Communities (www.sunflower-project.net).

Jérémie

Jérémie (Kréyòl: "Jeremi") is a city in southwest Haiti. It is the capital city of the Grand'Anse "Département".

Jérémie is also called the "City of Poets" because of the many writers, poets, and historians that were born or live there, such as Etzer Vilaire and Émile Roumer. The father of the French writer Alexandre Dumas, père, General Thomas-Alexandre Dumas, was born at Madère, near Jérémie.

The town was founded in 1756 when the country was the French colony of "Saint-Domingue". It was built where there was a small fishing town called "Trou-Jérémie".

The city is on the north coast of the Southern Peninsula, on a small bay. It is among low mountains (Bordes, Rochasse and Caracol) and almost isolated from the rest of the country, about 280 km south of the Haitian capital Port-au-Prince. To the southeast of the city is the River Grande-Anse.

It is also the chief town of an "arrondissement" (a part of a department) with the same name. The "arrondissement" has five "communes" (a "commune" is like a municipality): Jérémie, Abricots, Bonbon, Chambellan and Moron.

Jeremie is an important Haitian port; bananas are send to other countries from this port.

There are several interesting places to visit and see in Jérémie and near the city. Some of them are:


Three Mile Island accident

The Three Mile Island accident occurred on March 28th, 1979 at the Three Mile Island Nuclear Power Plant in Pennsylvania. It was "the single most important event in the fifty-year history of nuclear power regulation in the United States". Many people have seen the event as a turning point for the nuclear power industry in the United States. 
The Three Mile Island power station is near Harrisburg, Pennsylvania. The accident resulted in a partial core meltdown in Unit 2 of the nuclear power plant. Unit 2's pressurized water reactor was of 900 MWe capacity. 

The chain of events that led to the crisis at the TMI plant included several minor equipment failures that operator errors drastically compounded, resulting in a major accident. The Three Mile Island accident is largely seen as a failure of crisis management. According to one reviewer of the book:
Reactor operators were not trained to deal with accident conditions, and the NRC had not established effective communication with utilities. Moreover, once the accident occurred, the lines of authority proved to be ill defined. The public received conflicting reports that caused needless panic and evacuations. It was these systemic weaknesses in the regulatory system that allowed gifted people to make the mistakes they did.
Large portions of the TMI-2 reactor core melted, though the fact that a partial meltdown had occurred did not become clear until 1985. The greatest source of concern during the TMI crisis was a hydrogen bubble that formed in the top of the pressure vessel which held the core:

Although opinions differed, some reactor experts feared that over time the hydrogen bubble might become flammable or, less likely, explosive by combining with free oxygen in the vessel. If the bubble burned or exploded, it could rupture the pressure vessel and force the damaged reactor core into the containment building. The loss of the vessel would not make a breach of containment inevitable, but it would increase the risk of a disastrous release of radiation.
In the end, the Three Mile Island accident, though it "caused a grave crisis, did not produce a public health disaster". In the face of a core meltdown, the pressure vessel held and there was no breach of the plant's containment structure. Only "tiny amounts of the most dangerous forms of volatile radiation escaped to the atmosphere". The TMI-2 cleanup took 11 years and cost about US$1 billion.

J. Samuel Walker suggests that the TMI accident incited widespread criticism of nuclear power technology, the nuclear industry, and the NRC. Critics faulted the industry and the NRC for their poor performance both before and after the accident. The international attention garnered by the crisis redoubled the determination of, and enhanced the credibility of, the anti-nuclear movement. Arguably, the United States nuclear industry has never recovered.

Walker reports that studies looking for long-term radiation effects resulting from the accident have reached conflicting conclusions, but it seems that any increase in cancers is slight enough to have occurred by chance.

Windscale fire

The Windscale fire was a fire in Britain's first nuclear reactor at Windscale (now Sellafield) on 10 October 1957. The fire spread radioactive fallout over hundreds of miles. Some of the most dangerous contamination was kept secret, and its effects only came to light years later. At the back of the reactor, ruptured fuel cartridges containing uranium are still jammed in the fire damaged core, awaiting safe removal. Official estimates are that about a hundred people died from the contamination. The cleanup cost over a hundred million pounds. The Windscale fire was the first fire in any nuclear facility.

Alan

Alan may refer to:


"Following are people commonly referred to solely by "Alan" or by a homonymous name."






Tokaimura nuclear accident

The Tokaimura nuclear accident was a serious nuclear radiation accident in Japan. It took place at a uranium-reprocessing facility in Tokaimura, northeast of Tokyo, Japan, on 30 September 1999. The accident occurred in a very small fuel preparation plant operated by JCO.
The direct cause of the accident was workers putting uranyl nitrate solution containing about 16.6 kg of uranium, which exceeded the critical mass, into a precipitation tank. The tank was not designed to dissolve this type of solution and was not designed to prevent such accidents to happen. As a result, three workers were exposed to neutron radiation doses in excess of allowable limits. Two of these workers later died.

Many emergency workers and nearby residents were hospitalized and hundreds of thousands of others were forced to remain indoors for 24 hours.

The three workers who worked at the uranium-reprocessing facility were Hisashi Ouchi, Masato Shinohara, and Yutaka Yokokawa. Two of them died of radiation poisoning. Hisashi Ouchi, aged 35, died 12 weeks after the accident. He had lost most of his skin, and was kept alive for 83 days, according to his parents and wife will. Ouchi was closest to the tank when the accident occurred. He ended up as the first victim of this nuclear accident. Seven months after the accident, Masato Shinohara died, aged 40. 

Ouchi was reported to have received 17 sieverts (sv) of radiation, Shinohara 10 sv and Yokokawa 3 sv; 8 sieverts is considered a fatal dose, and 50 milli sieverts is the maximum limit of annual dose allowed for Japanese nuclear workers.

Another 83 workers were subjected to higher radiation than normal.

Nuclear accidents in Japan

Nuclear accidents in Japan include the following major cases: 






Nuclear energy policy

Nuclear energy policy is a national and international policy concerning some or all aspects of nuclear energy, such as mining for nuclear fuel, extraction and processing of nuclear fuel from the ore, electricity generation by nuclear power, enriching and storing spent nuclear fuel and nuclear fuel reprocessing. Since nuclear energy and nuclear weapons technologies are closely related, military aspirations can act as a factor in energy policy decisions. The fear of nuclear proliferation influences some international nuclear energy policies.

The use of nuclear energy is limited to a relatively small number of countries in the world. As of 2007, only 31 countries, or 16% of the 191 United Nations Member States, operated nuclear power plants. Countries that rely most on nuclear energy were France (with 75% of its electricity generated by nuclear power stations), Lithuania, Belgium, Bulgaria, Slovakia and Sweden, Ukraine and South Korea. The largest producer of nuclear capacity was the USA with 28% of worldwide capacity, followed by France (18%) and Japan (12%). In 2000, there were 438 commercial nuclear generating units throughout the world, with a total capacity of about 351 gigawatts.

Following the March 2011 Fukushima nuclear disaster, Germany has permanently shut down eight of its 17 reactors. Italy voted to keep their country non-nuclear. Switzerland and Spain have banned the construction of new reactors. As of 2013, countries such as Australia, Austria, Denmark, Greece, Ireland, Italy, Latvia, Lichtenstein, Luxembourg, Malta, Portugal, Israel, Malaysia, New Zealand, and Norway remain opposed to nuclear power. Germany and Switzerland are phasing-out nuclear power. Globally, more nuclear power reactors have closed than opened in recent years.

After the 2011 accident at the Fukushima Daiichi Nuclear Power Plant, China, Germany, Switzerland, Israel, Malaysia, Thailand, United Kingdom, and the Philippines are reviewing their nuclear power programs. Indonesia and Vietnam still plan to build nuclear power plants. Countries such as Australia, Austria, Denmark, Greece, Ireland, Luxembourg, Portugal, Israel, Malaysia, New Zealand, North Korea, and Norway remain opposed to nuclear power.

Australia produces no nuclear power. Plans to review whether the country should develop nuclear power were abandoned after Kevin Rudd, who opposed the move, was elected prime minister in 2007.

As of 2006, Finland's nuclear power program has four nuclear reactors. The first of these came into operation in 1977. They now provide 27% of Finland's electricity.

The third Olkiluoto reactor will be the new European Pressurized Reactor. Scheduled to go on line in 2011, it will have a power output of 1600 MWe.

Construction of Olkiluoto 3 started in August 2005. Two and a half years later the project is "over two years behind schedule and at least 50% over budget, the loss for the provider being estimated at €1.5 billion".

After the oil crisis of the early 1970s, the French government decided in 1974 to move towards self-sufficiency in electricity production, primarily through the construction of nuclear power stations. France today produces around 78.1% of its electricity through nuclear power. Because France produces an overall electricity surplus, it exports nuclear-produced energy. Some of this goes to countries which are ostensibly against the use of nuclear energy, such as Germany. The Board of Electricité de France (Électricité de France or EDF) has approved construction of a 1630 MWe European Pressurized Reactor or EPR at Flamanville, Normandy. Construction is expected to begin in late 2007, with completion in 2012.

In the 1970s, an anti-nuclear movement in France, consisting of citizens' groups and political action committees, emerged. There were many large anti-nuclear protests and demonstrations. More recently, targeted campaigns have been conducted, mainly by Greenpeace, and Sortir du nucléaire (France) has called for an official safety inspection of the Areva facilities.

In 2000, the German government, consisting of a coalition including the Green party Alliance '90/The Greens officially announced its intention to phase out nuclear power in Germany. Jürgen Trittin, the Minister of Environment, Nature Conservation and Nuclear Safety, reached an agreement with energy companies on the gradual shut down of the country's nineteen nuclear power plants and a cessation of civil usage of nuclear power by 2020. Legislation was enacted in the Nuclear Exit Law. The power plants in Stade and Obrigheim were turned off on November 14, 2003, and May 11, 2005, respectively. Dismantling of the plants is scheduled to begin in 2007. But the Nuclear Exit Law did not ban enrichment stations - one in Gronau has received permission to extend operations. There have been concerns over the safety of the phase-out, particularly in terms of the transport of nuclear waste. In 2005 Angela Merkel won the German federal election in 2005 with the CDU party. She has subsequently announced to re-negotiate with energy companies the time limit for a shut down of nuclear power stations. But as part of her pact with the SPD, with whom the CDU form a coalition, the phase-out policy has for now been retained.

In November 2008, a shipment of radioactive waste from German nuclear plants arrived at a storage site near Gorleben after being delayed by large protests from nuclear activists. More than 15,000 people took part in the protests which involved blocking trucks with sit-down demonstrations and blocking the route with tractors. The demonstrations were partly a response to conservative calls for a rethink of the planned phaseout of nuclear power stations.

Japan has 55 reactors of total capacity 47,577 MWe (49,580 MWe gross) on line, with 2 reactors (2,285 MWe) under construction and 12 reactors (16,045 MWe) planned. Nuclear energy accounts for about 30% of Japan's total electricity production, from 47.5 GWe of capacity (net). There are plans to increase this to 37% in 2009 and 41% in 2014.

On 16 July 2007 a severe earthquake hit the region where Tokyo Electric's Kashiwazaki-Kariwa Nuclear Power Plant is located. The plant with seven units is the largest single nuclear power station in the world. All of the reactors were shut down and are expected to remain closed for damage verification and repairs for at least one year.

During the Fukushima nuclear disaster there was a failure of cooling systems at Fukushima Daiichi Nuclear Power Plant in Japan on March 11, 2011, and a nuclear emergency was declared. This was the first time a nuclear emergency had been declared in Japan, and 140,000 residents within 20 km of the plant were moved out. Explosions and a fire resulted in dangerous levels of radiation, resulting in a stock market collapse and panic-buying in supermarkets.

Shippingport power plant was the first commercial nuclear power plant built in the United States in 1958. After the growth of nuclear power in the 1960s, the Atomic Energy Commission anticipated that more than 1,000 reactors would be operating in the United States by 2000. But by the end of the 1970s, it became clear that nuclear power would not grow nearly so dramatically, and more than 120 reactor orders were ultimately cancelled.

As of 2007 in the United States, there are 104 (69 pressurized water reactors and 35 boiling water reactors) commercial nuclear generating units licensed to operate, producing a total of 97,400 megawatts (electric), which is approximately 20% of the nation's total electric energy consumption. The United States is the world's largest supplier of commercial nuclear power.

The Three Mile Island accident has been the most serious accident experienced by the U.S. nuclear industry. Other accidents include those at the Davis-Besse Nuclear Power Plant, which has been the source of two of the top five most dangerous nuclear incidents in the United States since 1979, according to the Nuclear Regulatory Commission.

Several US nuclear power plants closed well before their design lifetimes, including Rancho Seco in 1989 in California, San Onofre Unit 1 in 1992 in California (units 2 and 3 are still operating), Zion Nuclear Power Station in 1998 in Illinois and Trojan Nuclear Power Plant in 1992 in Oregon. Humboldt Bay Nuclear Power Plant in California closed in 1976, 13 years after geologists discovered it was built on a fault (the Little Salmon Fault). Shoreham Nuclear Power Plant never operated commercially as an authorized Emergency Evacuation Plan could not be agreed on due to the political climate after the Three Mile Island and Chernobyl accidents.

Many plants have recently received 20-year extensions to their licensed lifetimes.

Nuclear accident

A nuclear accident is an accident that releases radioactivity to the environment, harmfully affects people, and causes a nuclear meltdown.

The most serious nuclear accident has been the Chernobyl disaster in 1986. Other serious nuclear accidents include Fukushima Daiichi Nuclear Power Plant accident, Three Mile Island accident, the Windscale fire, Mayak accident, and the SL-1 accident. In the period to 2007, 63 major nuclear accidents have occurred at nuclear power plants. Twenty-nine of these have occurred since the Chernobyl disaster, and 71 percent of all nuclear accidents (45 out of 63) occurred in the United States.
On 11 March 2011, the Magnitude 9.0 devastating Sendai earthquake and tsunami took place in Japan. As a result, "Fukushima Daiichi Nuclear Power Plant", "Fukushima Daini Nuclear Power Plant", "Onagawa Nuclear Power Plant" and "Tōkai Nuclear Power Plant stations" consisting of eleven (11) reactors were automatically shut down following the earthquake.

At Fukushima Daiichi and Daini tsunami waves went over seawalls and destroyed diesel backup power systems. This loss of power caused severe problems including two large explosions at Fukushima Daiichi and leakage of radiation. Over 200,000 people have been evacuated. Seismic recordings at six assessed nuclear power plant facilities indicated the plants had been exposed to "peak ground accelerations" of 0.037–0.383 "g" and "peak ground velocities" of 6.18–52.62 cm/sec.

One year after the accident, the official death toll related to the Fukushima accident has been five: one caused by the earthquake, another one had a heart attack, two people drowned, and a last person died in October for unreported causes. None of the deaths have been caused by radiation.

The Chernobyl disaster was a major accident at the Chernobyl Nuclear Power Plant on April 26, 1986, with an explosion at the plant and later radioactive contamination of the surrounding area. It is so far the worst nuclear accident in the history of nuclear power. A plume of radioactive fallout drifted over parts of the western Soviet Union, Eastern and Western Europe, Scandinavia, the UK, Ireland and eastern North America. Large areas of Ukraine, Belarus, and Russia were badly damaged, forcing the people in charge to have to evacuate and resettle more than 336,000 people. About 60% of the radioactive fallout landed in Belarus, according to official post-Soviet data.

The accident made many people worried about the safety of the Soviet nuclear power industry. As a result, plans for more nuclear plants were put on hold and the Soviet government, who were not very open with its data, had to make public more of its data. The now-independent countries of Russia, Ukraine, and Belarus have had to spend a lot of money and time on decontamination and health care costs of the Chernobyl accident. Nobody knows how many people died because of this accident. This is because the Soviets covered up information, did not fully complete lists, and did not let doctors list "radiation" as the reason why some people died. Most of the expected long-term deaths, such as that from cancer, have not yet happened and it is hard to say that Chernobyl was the full reason for their deaths.

At Fukushima I and II tsunami waves overtopped seawalls and destroyed diesel backup power systems, leading to severe problems including two large explosions at Fukushima I and leakage of radiation.

On March 28, 1979, the Unit 2 nuclear power plant on the Three Mile Island Nuclear Generating Station (TMI-2) in Dauphin County, Pennsylvania near Harrisburg suffered a partial core meltdown.

The Three Mile Island accident was the worst accident in American commercial nuclear power generating history, even though it led to no deaths or injuries to plant workers or members of the nearby community.

The accident unfolded over the course of five tense days, as a number of agencies at local, state and federal level tried to diagnose the problem and decide whether or not the on-going accident required a full emergency evacuation of the population. The full details of the accident were not discovered until much later. In the end, the reactor was brought under control. Although approximately 25,000 people lived within five miles of the island at the time of the accident, no identifiable injuries due to radiation occurred, and a government report concluded that "the projected number of excess fatal cancers due to the accident... is approximately one". But the accident had serious economic and public relations consequences, and the cleanup process was slow and costly. It also furthered a major decline in the public popularity of nuclear power, exemplifying for many the worst fears about nuclear technology and, until the Chernobyl disaster seven years later, it was considered the world's worst civilian nuclear accident.
Davis-Besse Nuclear Power Station is a nuclear power plant with a single reactor located on the southwest shore of Lake Erie near Oak Harbor, Ohio. According to the Nuclear Regulatory Commission, Davis-Besse has been the source of two of the top five most dangerous nuclear incidents in the United States since 1979.

The SL-1, or Stationary Low-Power Reactor Number One, was a United States Army experimental nuclear power reactor which underwent a steam explosion and meltdown in January 1961, killing its three operators. The direct cause was the improper withdrawal by a maintenance team of a single reactor control rod. The event is the only reported fatal reactor accident in the United States.

On October 10, 1957, the graphite core of a British nuclear reactor at Windscale, Cumbria, caught fire, releasing substantial amounts of radioactive contamination into the surrounding area. The event, known as the Windscale fire, was considered the world's worst nuclear accident until the Three Mile Island accident in 1979.

The fire itself released an estimated 20,000 curies (700 |terabecquerels) of radioactive material into the nearby countryside. Of particular concern was the radioactive isotope iodine-131, which has a half-life of only 8 days but is taken up by the human body and stored in the thyroid. As a result, consumption of iodine-131 often leads to cancer of the thyroid.

No one was evacuated from the surrounding area, but there was concern that milk might be dangerously contaminated. Milk from about 500 km² of nearby countryside was destroyed (diluted a thousandfold and dumped in the Irish Sea) for about a month.

Mayak is the name of a nuclear fuel reprocessing plants 150 km northwest of Chelyabinsk in Russia. Working conditions at Mayak resulted in severe health hazards and many accidents, with a serious accident occurring in 1957.

The 1957 Kyshtym disaster occurred when the failure of the cooling system for a tank storing tens of thousands of tons of dissolved nuclear waste resulted in a non-nuclear explosion having a force estimated at about 75 tons of TNT (310 gigajoules), which released some 20 MCi (740 petabecquerels) of radiation. Subsequently, at least 200 people died of radiation sickness, 10,000 people were evacuated from their homes, and 470,000 people were exposed to radiation.

Nuclear reactors become easy targets during military conflict and, over the past three decades, have been repeatedly attacked:

Radiation is harmful to health and there have been many accidents caused by radiation:


Parallel port

The parallel port (also known as a printer port or Centronics port) is a type of interface found on computers for connecting various peripherals. In computing, a parallel port is a parallel communication physical interface. It was a de facto industry standard for many years, and was finally standardized as IEEE 1284 in the late 1990s, which defined a bi-directional version of the port. 

The parallel port interface was originally known as the Parallel Printer Adapter on IBM PC-compatible computers. It was primarily designed to operate a line printer that used IBM's 8-bit extended ASCII character set to print text, but could also be used to adapt other peripherals. Graphical printers, along with a host of other devices, have been designed to communicate with the system.

In the 21st century, the parallel port interface is seeing decreasing use because of the rise of Universal Serial Bus (USB) and FireWire (IEEE 1394) devices, along with network printing using Ethernet.

Plastic surgery

Plastic surgery is a surgery that is done to change the way a person's body looks or works. Some plastic surgeries can change both. Work can be done on someone's bones, cartilage, muscles, fat, and skin.

The two most common forms of plastic surgery are reconstruction (fixing body parts that have been damaged) and cosmetic (changing size shape or color of body parts to make them look better). An example of reconstructive plastic surgery is fixing a part of the body that has been burned. An example of cosmetic plastic surgery is a surgery called a "face-lift": pulling the skin of the face tight so that the client looks younger.

Nürburgring

The Nürburgring, known as simply "the Ring" by enthusiasts, is the name of a famous motorsport race track in Nürburg, Germany, built in the 1920s around the village and medieval castle of Nürburg in the Eifel, which is about 70 kilometres south of Cologne, 100 kilometres northwest of Mainz, and 120 kilometres northwest of Frankfurt.
Originally, the track featured four track configurations: the long "Gesamtstrecke" ("Whole Course"), which included the 22.810 km "Nordschleife" ("Northern Loop"), and the 7.747 km "Südschleife" ("Southern Loop"). There also was a 2.281 km warm-up loop called "Zielschleife" ("Finish Loop") or better known as "Betonschleife", around the pit area.

Between 1982 and 1983 the start-finish area was demolished to create a new "GP-Strecke", and this is currently used for all major and international racing events.


Aung San Suu Kyi

Aung San Suu Kyi (born 19 June 1945 in Yangon, Burma) is a human rights activist, Nobel Peace Prize winner, and State Counsellor of Myanmar.

Suu Kyi was not able to be president. Instead, she became the State Counsellor of Myanmar.
She brought some democracy to her country with nonviolence. 
She is the leader of the National League for Democracy in Burma and a famous prisoner. She has been under house arrest several times. Suu Kyi won the Rafto Prize and the Sakharov Prize in 1990, and the Nobel Peace Prize in 1991. In 1992, she was awarded the Jawaharlal Nehru peace prize.

She is sometimes called "Daw Aung San Suu Kyi". Daw is not part of her name, but a title for older women. This name shows respect for her. She is called Amay Suu by the people, meaning Mother Suu.

On 1 February 2021, Aung San Suu Kyi was arrested and removed from power by the military during a coup d'état. The military thought the government changed the results of the November 2020 Myanmar general election. On February 3, Suu Kyi was accused of breaking Myanmar's import laws. On February 16, Myanmar police filed a second criminal charge against her, this time for breaking the country's Natural Disaster Law. There were more charges and in December 2022 she was sentenced to 33 years in prison, later reduced to 27 years. 

Aung San Suu Kyi was the third child in her family. Her name "Aung San" comes from her father, who is also named Aung San; "Kyi" comes from her mother; and "Suu" comes from her grandmother.

Her father helped to make Burma independent from the United Kingdom in 1947. He was killed in the same year. She grew up with her mother, Khin Kyi, and two brothers, Aung San Lin and Aung San Oo in Yangon. One of her brothers, Aung San Lin, drowned when Suu Kyi was eight. Her other brother, Aung San Oo currently lives in San Diego, California and is an American citizen.

Suu Kyi went to Catholic schools for much of her childhood in Burma. She learned English in school.

Khin Kyi, Suu Kyi's mother, became famous as a politician. She became the Burmese ambassador to India in 1960. Aung San Suu Kyi went to college in India at the Lady Shri Ram College for Women in New Delhi. Suu Kyi continued her education at St Hugh's College, Oxford, and learned about philosophy, politics, and economics. She also went to the School of Oriental and African Studies at University of London in the 1980s.

She moved to New York and worked at the United Nations. In 1972, Aung San Suu Kyi married Michael Aris (1946-1999), a professor of Tibetan culture who lived in Bhutan. She had met Aris when they were both students at Oxford. In 1973, she gave birth to her first son, Alexander, in London; and in 1977 she had her second son, Kim.

Aung San Suu Kyi returned to Burma in 1988 to take care of her sick mother. That year, the long-time leader of the socialist ruling party, General Ne Win, retired.

She admired Mohandas Gandhi's use of nonviolence. She was also inspired by Buddhism. Aung San Suu Kyi worked for democracy and helped make the National League for Democracy on September 27th 1988. Because Suu Kyi was working against the government, she was asked to leave the country, but she did not.

She was arrested in 1989 and placed in prison in 1990. This was after an election which her party, the National League for Democracy, won, but they were not allowed to be in charge of the country. Between 1990 and 2010, she was almost always in her home, which is called house arrest. Burma released her in November 2010. Suu Kyi was going to be released in 2009, but when a man entered her home she was kept on house arrest for another year because she had broken the rules of the house arrest.

After she was released from house arrest, she was elected to be State Counsellor. When she was State Counsellor, Burma had serious problems with the genocide of the Rohingya.

When she was asked what democratic models Myanmar could look to, she said: "We have many, many lessons to learn from various places, not just the Asian countries like South Korea, Taiwan, Mongolia and Indonesia". She also cited "the eastern European countries, which made the transition from communist autocracy to democracy in the 1980s and 1990s, and the Latin American countries, which made the transition from military governments". She added that "we wish to learn from everybody who has achieved a transition to democracy, and also (...) because we are so far behind everybody else, we can also learn which mistakes we should avoid."







Ranger Uranium Mine

Ranger Uranium Mine is a large uranium deposit in the Kakadu National Park. The uranium is legally owned by the Australian Government, and is sold internationally. This mining, and the presence of uranium in Kakadu have come under controversy, due to the widespread publicity regarding the potential danger of nuclear power and uranium mining.

Kakadu is on the World Heritage List, both for its cultural and natural value, a rare feat because few sites are featured for both reasons.

Nevada Test Site

The Nevada Test Site is an area set aside for the testing of nuclear weapons. It is looked after by the United States Department of Energy. It is in Nye County, Nevada, about 65 miles (105 km) northwest of Las Vegas. 

The site was begun on January 11, 1951. It covers an area of 1,350 square miles (3,500 km²) of desert and mountain lands. Nuclear testing at the Nevada Test Site began with a one-kiloton (4 terajoule) bomb. This was the same explosive force as a bomb using 1,000 metric tons of TNT. This bomb was dropped on Frenchman Flat on January 27, 1951. Many of the famous photos of the nuclear age were taken at the Nevada Test Site.

When testing ended in 1992, the Energy Department said that more than 300 million curies of radiation remained, making the site one of the most radioactively contaminated places in the United States. 

Napoleon (Animal Farm)

Napoleon is a character in the book "Animal Farm". Together with Snowball, he is a boar that Mr. Jones is breeding for sale at the market. Napoleon is the only Berkshire boar on Manor Farm. He is fierce-looking, large, and very stubborn, wanting things to be done his own way. Napoleon is very selfish and only cares about his own good.

Napoleon is based on Stalin of the October Revolution, who harshly ruled the entire Soviet Union. Napoleon's name is derived from the French conqueror with the same name.

Snowball (Animal Farm)

Snowball is a a character in the book "Animal Farm". Like Napoleon, Snowball is a boar raised by Mr. Jones for sale. Unlike Napoleon, Snowball's plans and projects are targeted at improving the quality of Manor Farm. He is a vivacious pig, quick in speech, and a brilliant inventor.

Snowball is based on Trotsky of the October Revolution, who was exiled by Stalin and later murdered by the KGB (Soviet secret police) on Stalin's order.

Anti-nuclear movement in Australia

Australia has no nuclear power stations and the Rudd Labor government was opposed to nuclear power for Australia. However, Australia does have a small research reactor (OPAL) in Sydney, and it does export uranium. 

Uranium mining and export and nuclear issues have often been the subject of public debate, and the anti-nuclear movement in Australia has a long history. It began with the 1972–73 debate over French nuclear testing in the Pacific, which involved several groups, and the 1976–77 debate about uranium mining in Australia. 

The case against nuclear power and uranium mining in Australia has been concerned with the impacts of nuclear energy; with the shortcomings of nuclear power as an energy source; and with presenting a sustainable energy strategy. The most prominent adverse impact of nuclear power is seen to be its potential contribution towards proliferation of nuclear weapons. For example, the 1976 Ranger Inquiry report stated that "The nuclear power industry is unintentionally contributing to an increased risk of nuclear war. This is the most serious hazard associated with the industry". 

The health risks associated with nuclear materials have also been of concern. This has been the case worldwide because of incidents like the Chernobyl disaster, but Australian concerns have also involved specific local factors such as controversy over the health effects of nuclear testing in Australia and the South Pacific, and the emergence of prominent anti-nuclear campaigner Helen Caldicott, who is a medical practitioner. 

The economics of nuclear power has been a factor in anti-nuclear campaigns, with critics arguing that such power is uneconomical in Australia, particularly given the country's abundance of coal resources.

From the perspective of the anti-nuclear movement, most of the problems with nuclear power today are much the same as in the 1970s. Nuclear reactor accidents remain a possibility and no convincing solution to the problem of long-lived radioactive waste has been proposed. Nuclear weapons proliferation continues to occur. The alternatives to nuclear power, energy efficiency and renewable energy (especially wind power), have been further developed and commercialised.


Sublingual gland

The sublingual glands are one of the main three pairs of salivary glands. The other two are the parotid gland and the submandibular gland. The sublingual glands are located in the front part of the bottom of the mouth, under the tongue. 

Anti-nuclear movement in the United States

For many years the anti-nuclear movement in the United States succeeded in delaying or halting commitments to build some new nuclear plants. Anti-nuclear campaigns that captured national public attention in the 1970s involved the Calvert Cliffs Nuclear Power Plant, Seabrook Station Nuclear Power Plant, Diablo Canyon Power Plant, Shoreham Nuclear Power Plant, and the Three Mile Island accident. More recent targeted campaigning has related to the Indian Point Energy Center, Oyster Creek Nuclear Generating Station, Pilgrim Nuclear Generating Station, Salem Nuclear Power Plant, Vermont Yankee Nuclear Power Plant, Idaho National Laboratory, proposed Yucca Mountain waste repository, the Hanford Site, the Nevada Test Site, Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory, and transportation of nuclear waste from the Los Alamos National Laboratory. Many different groups have been involved in various protests and demonstrations over the years.

More than eighty anti-nuclear groups are operating, or have operated, in the United States. These include: Abalone Alliance, Clamshell Alliance, Greenpeace USA, Institute for Energy and Environmental Research, Musicians United for Safe Energy, Nevada Desert Experience, Nuclear Control Institute, Nuclear Information and Resource Service, Public Citizen Energy Program, Shad Alliance, and the Sierra Club.

Anti-nuclear protests reached a peak in the 1970s and 1980s and grew out of the environmental movement. Campaigns that captured national public attention involved the Calvert Cliffs Nuclear Power Plant, Seabrook Station Nuclear Power Plant, Diablo Canyon Power Plant, Shoreham Nuclear Power Plant, and Three Mile Island.

Beginning in the 1980s, many anti-nuclear power activists began shifting their interest, by joining a rapidly growing nuclear freeze movement, and the primary concern about nuclear hazards in the USA changed from the problems of nuclear power plants to the prospects of nuclear war. On June 12, 1982, one million people demonstrated in New York City's Central Park against nuclear weapons and for an end to the cold war arms race. It was the largest anti-nuclear protest and the largest political demonstration in American history. International Day of Nuclear Disarmament protests were held on June 20, 1983 at 50 sites across the United States. There were many Nevada Desert Experience protests and peace camps at the Nevada Test Site during the 1980s and 1990s.

More recent campaigning by anti-nuclear groups has related to several nuclear power plants including the Enrico Fermi Nuclear Power Plant, Indian Point Energy Center, Oyster Creek Nuclear Generating Station, Pilgrim Nuclear Generating Station, Salem Nuclear Power Plant, and Vermont Yankee Nuclear Power Plant. There have also been campaigns relating to the Y-12 Nuclear Weapons Plant, the Idaho National Laboratory, Yucca Mountain nuclear waste repository proposal, Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory,

Some scientists and engineers have expressed reservations about nuclear power, including: Barry Commoner, S. David Freeman, John Gofman, Arnold Gundersen, Mark Z. Jacobson, Amory Lovins, Arjun Makhijani, Gregory Minor, M.V. Ramana, Joseph Romm and Benjamin K. Sovacool. Scientists who have opposed nuclear weapons include Paul M. Doty, Hermann Joseph Muller, Linus Pauling, Eugene Rabinowitch, M.V. Ramana and Frank N. von Hippel.

Prajna

Prajna is a Buddhist word meaning wisdom. It is one of three divisions of the Noble Eightfold Path. The understanding is a goal of contemplation. Buddhism traces its origins to Siddattha Gotama, who lived from about 563 to 483 BCE. He was known as the Buddha, which means "the enlightened one".

Squealer (Animal Farm)

Squealer is a porker on Manor Farm in the book "Animal Farm". Squealer is a very fat little piglet, with round cheeks, twinkling eyes, nimble movements, coupled together with a shrill voice. While arguing a difficult point, he skips from side to side and whisks his tail around in a persuasive manner, allowing him to lie with ease. The pig is seen as the propagandist in the book and his ability to use language well makes his speeches believable by the other less intelligent animals. squealer is also uses rhetorical language to manipulate animals.

Squealer is based on the Russia media of Stalin's time, and all the advertisement of Stalin.

2006 Palestinian legislative election

On January 25 2006, Palestinians voted for the Palestinian Legislative Council (PLC), the legislature of the Palestinian National Authority (PNA). Without counting the 2005 municipal elections and the January 9, 2005 presidential election, this was the first election to the PLC since 1996; since then, elections had been delayed several times due to the continuing Israeli-Palestinian conflict. Palestinian voters in the Gaza Strip and the West Bank including East Jerusalem were allowed to participate in the election.

Final results show that Hamas won the election, with 74 seats. The ruling party, Fatah, only got 45, giving Hamas the majority of the 132 available seats and the chance to form a majority government on their own. Analysis of election results shows that the number of seats each party won agrees with their percentage of the vote for the 66 list seats. Hamas is overrepresented in the 66 district seats because it nominated more strategically than Fatah and did not have to compete with third parties and independents for the same voters' support.

The Prime Minister, Ahmed Qurei, resigned, but at the request of President Mahmoud Abbas, remained as interim Prime Minister until February 19, when Hamas leader Ismail Haniya formed the new government. The Quartet threatened to cut funds to the Palestinian Authority following the elections.

Tizimín

Tizimín is a city in Mexico. The city is 100 miles east of Mérida city.

In the Maya language, Tizimín means tapir. A tapir is a big animal that lives in South America.

Dick Locher

Richard Earl "Dick" Locher (June 4, 1929 – August 6, 2017) was a cartoonist. He has made cartoons for lots of things, including the Chicago Tribune. He has also made cartoons for "Life", "Time", "Newsweek", "U.S. News and World Report", "Forbes", and the "Congressional Record". He was born in Dubuque, Iowa.

Locher died of Parkinson's disease on August 6, 2017 in Naperville, Illinois, aged 88.

Come See the Paradise

Come See the Paradise is a movie made in 1990. It is about people from Japanese families in the United States during World War II. The movie shows how some of those people were put into prison because they were Japanese.

Tisa (disambiguation)

Tisa can be any of the following:


Tisza (disambiguation)

Tisza can be any of the following:

Paris Tramway Line 1

Paris Tramway Line 1 is one of the tram lines in Paris.
It was opened in 1992.

Flag of Oklahoma

The flag and banner of the U.S. state of Oklahoma is made up of a Osage Nation buffalo-skin shield with seven eagle feathers on a sky blue background.

Seal of Oklahoma

The Great Seal of Oklahoma is a five-pointed star in a circle. The center of the star is made up of the Seal of the Territory of Oklahoma.

Inside the star are seals of five Native American Nations from Oklahoma.

The top point is for the Chickasaw nation, showing a warrior holding a bow and shield.

The upper left-hand point is for the Cherokee Nation, showing a star with a wreath of oak leaves.

The upper right-hand point is for the Choctaw Nation, showing a tomahawk, a bow, and three crossed arrows.

The lower left-hand point is for the Creek Nation, showing a sheaf of wheat and a plow.

The lower right-hand point is for the Seminole Nation, showing houses and a factory on a lake with a hunter paddling a canoe.

The forty-five small stars around the middle star are for the forty-five states in the Union when Oklahoma became a state in 1907.

Orienteering

Orienteering is developed by International Orienteering Federation (IOF).

IOF recognizes the following types of orienteering:

Orienteering started in Sweden. It was meant to get people in the army to get ready for war. The first large orienteering event was when 220 people went orienteering in a place near Stockholm.

About sixty years ago, people started orienteering in Europe, Asia, North America, Australia, and New Zealand and in 1967 a group of people started to meet up in the United States of America to make an orienteering club.

There are now orienteering groups for 67 countries.

Foot-Orienteering is one of the IOF recognised orienteering types. The athlete covers the distance of his course only using his feet.

The IOF organises World Orienteering Championships (WOC) every year and the European Orienteering Championships once every two years. The first WOC was held in 1966 in Finland. Only 10 nations took part in the first WOC.

Ski Orienteering is where the competitor Cross-Country Skis around paths and tracks trying to find the controls.

Mountain bike orienteering or MTBO that you can say is a sport where you cycle through the forest on small paths and trying to find the controls.

In the year 1996 some people decided to start to try to have orienteering as a sport in the Olympic games. It has yet to become a sport in the Olympics.

Orienteering is also done as a life skill. It is used in training of many countries' armed forces. Often, soldiers have to do orienteering courses at night or in the rain. Orienteering is also part of Scoutcraft in many branches of Scouting. Many Scouting groups require learning orienteering to make higher ranks.

Brad Henry

Charles Bradford "Brad" Henry, Jr. (born June 10, 1963) is an American politician. He was the Governor of the U.S. state of Oklahoma.

Governor of Oklahoma

The Governor of the State of Oklahoma is the head of state for the State of Oklahoma, United States. 

The office was created in 1907 when Oklahoma was officially admitted to the United States as the 46th state. Prior to statehood in 1907, the office was preceded by a Presidential appointed Governor of Oklahoma Territory with similar powers. The 28th and current Governor of Oklahoma is Kevin Stitt, a member of the Republican Party.

King of the Klondike

King of Klondike is the main chapter of The Life and Times of Scrooge McDuck.

Scrooge goes to Klondike, where he looks for gold at the White Agony Creek. Scrooge goes to Dawson where he meets an occasional thief, Glittering Goldie. Goldie and Scrooge fall in love but they not admit it to each other. Soapy Slick, an evil business man, tries to make Scrooge to work free for him but Scrooge destroys his bar. Scrooge returns to White Agony Creek, where he finds gold and finally becomes rich.

The Billionaire of Dismal Downs

"The Billionaire of Dismal Downs" is the ninth episode of "The life and times of Scrooge McDuck".

After finding gold, Scrooge buys the Whitehorse Bank and begins to build a financial empire. Scrooge goes back to Scotland where he tries to prove that he is a "real Scotsman" by playing in the "Scottish Games". Scrooge fails but he decides to install his matrices in Duckburg, on the Occidental coast. The episode ends with Scrooge and his sisters going to Duckburg.

A Cage of Nightingales

A Cage of Nightingales is a 1945 French movie directed by Jean Dréville. In French it is called La Cage aux rossignols. It was one of the movies that nearly won an Oscar award. It was first shown in the USA in 1947.

Clarence Clifton Young

Clarence Clifton Young (November 7, 1922 – April 3, 2016) was an American politician from the state of Nevada. He was a member of United States House of Representatives from January 3, 1953 to January 3, 1957. He was from the Republican Party.

Young died in Reno, Nevada on April 3, 2016, aged 93.

San Salvador

San Salvador is the capital and largest city of the nation of El Salvador.

Ivybridge

Ivybridge is a small town in the county of Devon in South West England.

OGame

OGame is a browser-based strategy game. The game was created in 2002 by Gameforge. OGame is able to go in different languages. It also has up to 39 uni (for short) or universes.

Each player starts with one randomly given planet, with the starting name of "Homeworld" (which can be changed). Building from that one planet, he/she later has the option to keep on developing that planet or to expand his/her colony to include up to as many planets they can afford to build, originally 9 planets. All construction, research, and missions are performed and launched from a planet or moon. While playing the player has a chance of building fleets and defenses for their planet.

An alliance is a group of people who have banded together and is mostly used for solidarity purposes. Alliances are created for players to protect each other from attacks, join together to raid other planets, or to promote free trade amongst members. Members of an alliance can use the ACS (Alliance Combat System), available in all universes.

Metal Mine is what is used to gather the resource metal.

Crystal Mine is what is used to gather the resource crystal.

Deuterium Synthesizer is what is used to gather the resource deuterium.

Solar Plant is a plant that produces energy from the sun to run mines or to do research.

Fusion Reactor is like a solar plant but instead of gathering energy from the sun it uses deterium to produce it's energy.

Robotic Factory is a building that decreases the building time of buildings.

Nanite Factory is an upgraded version of the robotics factory.

There are four resources used in OGame: metal, crystal, deuterium,and dark matter.

Metal is mainly used for buildings, Ships, Defenses. To get this resources he/she has to upgrade or build a metal mine.

Crystal is the second resource. Crystal is mostly used in research. Crystal is one of the hardest resource to obtain. It is obtained by building or upgrading a crystal mine.

Deuterium is the third resource and can be obtained only from deuterium synthesizers. Deuterium is mainly used as fuel for a player's fleet to perform a mission, and for research.

Dark Matter is a resource that can be bought with real money. If a user doesn't want to pay this resource will become the most rarest resource in the game. Dark Matter can be found on expeditions with the players fleet after researching Expedition.

Energy is not actual energy you get from a mine but from solar planets and fusion reactors. Energy is needed to be able to run the mines to gather metal, crystal, deuterium, and to do research.

A list of how these resources are obtained:


Unlike other games, OGame doesn't allow the player to control his ships. While playing the game a player can send units to a specific moon or planet. Once the ship(s) arrive at the planet the player can only recall the ships, he/she cannot fly them.

Researching various fields of science allows for better buildings, ships and defensive structures to be built. Research must be done for the production of Solar Satellites, which supplies power, to the fearsome Death Star, which is considered the strongest ship in the game.

The costs of research usually doubles each level, with the exception of Graviton Technology, which costs 300,000 energy and is not useful over level 1.

Research time is reduced with each upgrade of the Research Lab, or reduced dramatically with the Intergalactic Research Network researched.

All purchased effects are paid with dark matter. In order to get dark matter he/she has to buy it on OGame.

The Commander gives the player improved functions. Features include a building order which gives the player the ability to order several buildings to be built without requiring the player to login and start a new build. The player also gets an “Empire View” that shows the player all details on every planet including ships, defenses, resources, and energy. Other bonus given by OGame Commander are message filters, shortcuts, an improved galaxy view and commands, and a gaming experience free of ads.

On February 16, 2007, Officers were introduced to the game. It is worth noting that Gameforge had earlier promised it's users it would never introduce pay-to-play options that provided direct benefits, and the change the caused a large scale of conflict in the community.

The officer feature gives players a real advantage in the game, for a price, while those who cannot afford it go without. The 4 officers types are:


As of version 0.78 people can hire a merchant to trade one resource type for another. This is almost the same as trading except that there are no other players involved. The only limitation you have is the amount of free space in your storage silos and the amount of dark matter you have. You cannot trade when your silos are full, or when standing on a moon. It is wise to move away all the resources you want to keep, so that you can trade the maximum amount that your storage holds.

OGame is monitored by Game Operators, Super Game Operators and Game Administrators each of whom have the rights to ban any player suspected of misconduct and violation of the rules. The rules can be different for each OGame universe. Players who have been banned are put into the pillory of their universe. The pillory shows the reason of banning and the administrator who made the decision. It also shows the unbanning of a player when they have clarified the fault. The planets and colonies of players that have received lifelong bans are subject to the one month account deletion due to inactivity.

OGame won the bronze Superbrowsergame Award in 2006.


Menopause

Menopause is the time in a woman's reproductive life beginning one year after her last menstrual period. Once a woman has reached menopause she can no longer get pregnant. In the time leading up to menopause, she can have hot flashes and other physical symptoms. The time in the woman's life leading up to menopause is called perimenopause. Menopause happens between the ages of 45 and 55. Menopause can happen earlier if you have had treatment for cancer or operation to remove both ovaries. Menopause can happen after surgery to remove the uterus.

Menopause is the natural and permanent stopping of menstruation. Female hormone levels change, since they were produced by the ovaries which have stopped ovulating. The female can no longer have children after this happens. The menopausal transition most often begins between ages 45 and 55. The duration can depend on lifestyle factors such as smoking, age it begins, and race and ethnicity. During perimenopause, the body's production of estrogen and progesterone, two hormones made by the ovaries, varies greatly.

Signs of menopause may start suddenly or gradually. Signs can happen once in a while or most of the time. Some women have only a few signs of menopause. Having changes in periods and bad moods can happen before menopause. 

Periods may change in length or be longer or shorter. Periods may have a heavier or lighter flow. Before menopause a woman may have hot flashes or problems sleeping. A woman may be irritable or sex may be uncomfortable. Some women may have less interest in sex before menopause. Other changes might be less noticeable. This could be changes in bone thickness. 

Hot flashes are a quick feeling of heat and sweat in the chest area. Hot flashes are the most common sign of menopause. Three out of four women going through menopause have hot flashes. Some women have hot flashes while still having a period. During a hot flash the skin of the face and neck becomes red. Large red spots can apper on the arms, chest and back. A woman can sweat heavily during the hot flash. A woman can have cold chills after the hot flash. In most cases, the hot flashes are frequent in the year before periods stop and can still happen after periods stop. Hot flashes can still happen up to 14 years after menopause.

Vaginal dryness, may start before and after menopause. This happens because of lower levels of hormones. These lower hormone levels cause vaginal tissue to get thinner and drier. As the tissue changes it can cause burning, itching, discomfort and pain. Sex can be painful and cause small cuts.

Some women start having sleep problems before and after menopause. This could be a problem getting to sleep. Sometimes this may mean waking up too early in the morning. Hot flashes and sweating might wake a woman up at night. After waking up at night there may be a problem falling back to sleep. Mood problems and depression can make it hard to sleep.

Some women feel irritable and short-tempered around the time of menopause. Other things can add to a bad mood. Stress, family changes, family problems can add to moodiness. It could be aging parents, a history of depression, or feeling tired. Talking with a doctor about this can help. There are treatments for irritability and moodiness.

After menopause, a woman will have low hormone levels. The ovaries will make low amounts hormones estrogen and progesterone. Because of the low hormone levels, the risk for osteoporosis, heart disease and stroke increases. Menopause symptoms instead of period problems. A woman may still have hot flashes because of changing hormones. After menopause a woman may have vaginal dryness.

There are medicines that can stop some hot flashes, and there are ways that hot flashes can be helped when they happen. Sometimes a doctor can order medication that has hormones in it. Sometimes a doctor will have a woman take birth control medicine. Other hormone medications are available for women who have gone through menopause and still have hot flashes. Other medicine that does not have hormones in it can help with the hot flashes. Some things make hot flashes worse. A woman may be told by the doctor to stop drinking alcohol and caffeine. In some women, spicy foods, stress or being in a hot place can make hot flashes worse. Drinking cold water can help with hot flashes. Women with hot flashes may be encouraged to layer clothing and remove a layer when having a hot flash. Using a fan can be helpful. Losing weight may help stop hot flashes.

Vaginal dryness and thinning can be treated. A vaginal moisturizer can be used to help keep the vaginal tissue moisturized. It can make sex more comfortable. A vaginal lubricant can be used. This is a gel that also helps make sex more comfortable. A doctor may order medicine that can help with vaginal dryness. This may be hormonal birth control, menopausal hormone therapy, or a prescription estrogen cream, gel, or ring that is inserted into the vagina.

Sleeping can be improved before and after menopause. To get better sleep a woman can:

Drinking alcohol doesn't help a woman fall asleep or stay asleep. Counselling can help with sleep problems.


Dong Hoi Airport

Dong Hoi Airport is an airport in Dong Hoi City in Quảng Bình Province, in central Vietnam. It lies 500 km south of Hanoi. This airport is located 6 km north of downtown, in a suburb of the city. The coordinates are 17°30'54"N - 106°35'26"E (WGS - 84).

The construction of this airport started in September 2004 and finished in May 2008. The first flight to this airport was from Hanoi on May 18, 2008, the date this airport began operation. This airport serves Dong Hoi, Quang Binh where there are a World Heritage Site Phong Nha-Ke Bang National Park and some fine beaches. This airport can serve 300 passengers per peak hour or 500,000 passengers per year.

Sandal (footwear)

Sandals are an open type of footwear, with a sole held to the wearer's foot by straps or thongs passing over the instep and around the ankle. While the distinction between sandals and other types of footwear can sometimes be unclear (as in the case of "huaraches"—the woven leather footwear seen in Mexico), the common understanding is that a sandal reveals most or all of the foot (especially the toes) to view. People may choose to wear sandals for several reasons, among them economy (sandals tend to require less material than shoes), comfort in warm weather, and (especially for women) for reasons of fashion and attractiveness. 

Usually, sandals are worn in warmer climates or during warmer parts of the year, because feet stay cool and dry. The chances of getting a fungal infection on the feet (athlete's foot) is lower than with wearing an enclosed shoe and wearing sandals may be part of treatment for a fungal foot infection.

Ginga: Nagareboshi Gin

Ginga: Nagareboshi Gin is a manga and anime series that ran from 1983 to 1986. It was created by manga author Yoshihiro Takahashi. The main character is an Akita Inu dog called "Gin" (which is Japanese for "silver"). It was released in Korea, Finland, Sweden, Hungary, Norway and China. It is mostly popular in its country of origin, Japan, as well as Finland and the United States.

The story tells of Gin, a tiger-striped Akita Inu who is born and is trained harshly by a dog-trainer called Gohei Takeda (nickname is "Jii-Sama") to become a bear-dog because it is believed tiger-striped Akita Inus are the best to kill bears. A large monstrous bear called Akakabuto (Japanese for "red helmet") terrorizises Gin's hometown for several years.

While with his owner, a 12-year-old boy named Daisuke, Gin stumbles upon some wild dogs, and wants to join them, but he is stopped. Later, Gin finds them again and realizes their aim is to fight against and defeat the bear Akakabuto.

Gin's father, Riki, is a favourite of Gohei Takeda. He does not remember his son Gin due to amnesia, which he got from a battle with Akakabuto.

Beetlejuice (TV series)

Beetlejuice is an American fantasy-comedy-horror television series. It is about a teenage goth girl named Lydia who does not like her school peers and from nowhere a ghost, named Beetlejuice, appears. It aired from 1989-1992.

Province of Agrigento

Agrigento is a province in the autonomous region of Sicily in Italy.

Province of Caltanissetta

Caltanissetta is a province in the autonomous region of Sicily in Italy.

Province of Catania

Catania is a province in the autonomous region Sicily in Italy.

Province of Enna

Enna is a province in the autonomous region of Sicily in Italy. It is the only Sicilian province which is not next to the ocean. It became a province in 1926 thanks to Benito Mussolini, who was fascinated by the history of the province, and in particular by the legend of Proserpina. In the province there are 8 lakes, the most important is Pergusa's lake which is the only natural lake of the Sicily; the other lakes are used for the agriculture.

Franchise

Franchise can mean:


Province of Messina

Messina (; ) was a province in the autonomous region of Sicily.

Province of Palermo

Palermo is a province in the autonomous region of Sicily in Italy.

Province of Ragusa

Ragusa is a province in the autonomous region of Sicily, Italy.

Patrick Stewart

Sir Patrick Stewart (born 13 July 1940) is an English actor. He then served as the Chancellor of University of Huddersfield from 2004 to 2015. He is also a Shakespearian actor who spent 16 years with the Royal Shakespeare Company, but is best known for playing the role of Capt. Jean-Luc Picard on . He also played Professor X in the X-Men movies and his extensive voice work as Avery Bullock (along with Avery Bullock as B, The Police Academy Chief and Himself) in the animated series "American Dad!". He was then given a knighthood by Queen Elizabeth II in her New Years Honours at the start of 2010, and then became "Sir Patrick Stewart".
He was immortalized outside the Chinese Theatre in January 2020.

Province of Syracuse

Syracuse is a province in the autonomous region of Sicily in Italy. It is well known for its many archaeological sites and the island of Ortygia.

Province of Trapani

Trapani is a province in the autonomous region of Sicily in Italy.

Province of Cagliari

Cagliari (; ) was a province in the autonomous island region of Sardinia in Italy. Its capital is the city of Cagliari.

It is the largest province of Sardinia with an area of . It has a total population of 551,077 (2012) and a population density of inhabitants/km².

There are 71 "comuni" (singular: "comune") in the province. As of 31 December 2012, the 20 "comuni" with the largest population were:


Province of Carbonia-Iglesias

Carbonia-Iglesias was a province in the autonomous region of Sardinia, Italy.

Andy Abraham

Andy Abraham (born 17 July 1964, London) is a British pop singer. He is best known for finishing second in the 2005 series of "The X Factor" in the United Kingdom.

Abraham was the representative for the United Kingdom in the Eurovision Song Contest 2008 with the song "Even If". He became the second UK act ever to come in last place in Eurovision.

Seahorse

Seahorses are a type of teleost fish. They are in the genus Hippocampus. They are called 'seahorses' because their head looks like a horse's head. There are about 32–48 species of seahorse. Seahorses live in tropical oceans. 

Seahorses use camouflage to hide.

The earliest known seahorse fossils are "H. sarmaticus" and "H. slovenicus".

Seahorses are unique because the male hatches the eggs in a pouch on his belly. The female inserts her ovipositor into the male’s brood pouch. She places dozens to thousands of eggs in the pouch. As the female releases her eggs, her body slims while his swells. The male releases his sperm directly into the water. The sperm then fertilize the eggs in the pouch. The fertilised eggs are then embedded in the pouch wall. They get nutrition and oxygen from the fluid in the pouch. In the pouch, the salinity of the water is controlled. This prepares the newborns for life in the sea.

Both animals then sink back into the seagrass and she swims away. The eggs then hatch 

Throughout gestation, which in most species requires two to four weeks, his mate visits him daily for 'morning greetings'. They interact for about 6 minutes. The female then swims away until the next morning, and the male vacuums up food through his snout.

Research published in 2007 shows that the males release sperm into the surrounding sea water during fertilization, and not directly into the pouch as previously thought.

The number of young released by the male seahorse averages 100-200 for most species, but may be as low as 5 for the smaller species, or as high as 1,500. 

When the fry are ready to be born, the male expels them with muscular contractions. He gives birth at night and is ready for the next batch of eggs by morning when his mate returns. 

Like almost all other fish species, seahorses do not take care of their young after birth. Infants are susceptible to predators or ocean currents which wash them away from feeding grounds or into temperatures too extreme for their bodies. Fewer than 0.5% of infants survive to adulthood. This is why litters are so large. These survival rates are actually fairly high compared to other fish, because of their protected gestation. This makes the process worth the cost to the father. The eggs of most other fish are abandoned immediately after fertilization.

Seahorses are the only fish that experience true male pregnancy. 

There are 46 species in this genus:


Seahorses exhibit four phases of courtship.

This initial courtship takes place about 30 minutes after dawn on each courtship day. In this phase, the males and females will remain apart during the night, but after dawn they will come together in a side-by-side position, brighten, and engage in courtship.

This phase begins with the female beginning her pointing posture, by leaning her body towards the male, who will lean away and quiver. It can last up to 54 minutes.

The third phase begins with the females brightening and assuming the pointing position. It lasts for 9 minutes.

The final phase includes 5–8 bouts of courtship. Each bout begins with both the male and female anchored to the same plant about 3 cm apart; usually they are facing each other and are still bright from the previous phase.

Latvian lats

The Latvian lats (plural "lati") was the currency used in Latvia in 1922—1940 and in 1993—2013.

It is shortened as "Ls" and was divided into 100 "santīmi"

On 1 January 2014, Latvian lats was replaced by the euro. The lats could be used for two weeks alongside euros after the currency was replaced.

Parts of speech

Parts of speech are types of word in grammar. There are many different word : they are called 'lexical categories'. The most common are these:

Verbs, nouns, adjectives, adverbs, and interjections are called open classes because they are parts of speech that can easily add new words. On the other hand, pronouns, prepositions, and conjunctions are closed classes because new words cannot be added easily. For example, since pronouns are a closed class, there are fairly few pronouns: "I, me, my, mine, myself, you, your, yours, yourself, he, him, his, his, himself, she, her, her, hers, herself, it, it, its, its, itself, we, us, our, ours, ourselves, they, them, their, theirs, themselves". Since pronouns are used to replace whole noun phrases, there is no need to have many kinds of pronouns. Instead of saying "The Earl of Sandwich introduced the Earl of Sandwich's favorite food, the sandwich", one uses the pronoun "his" to replace "the Earl of Sandwich's" to make the sentence not repeat itself when it doesn't have to, thus the sentence becomes "The Earl of Sandwich introduced his favorite food, the sandwich". New nouns, on the other hand, can easily be made, and are constantly being added into the English language.

The Plague Dogs

The Plague Dogs is a 1977 novel written by Richard Adams, who is famous for his well-known and best-selling novel, "Watership Down". Like "Watership Down", "The Plague Dogs" was made into a movie by Nepenthe Productions in 1982. It eventually got taken out of the cinema because very few people would come and see it.

The story is about two dogs, Rowf and Snitter. Rowf is a Labrador-mix and Snitter is a Smooth fox terrier. The two live in a testing laboratory called ARSE (Animal Research Scientific and Experimental). The two dogs escape out of the laborotory into the Lake District, where the story is set, where they find the cunning Tod, a fox living there. After misadventures upon the fells, the two are later hunted down by sheep farmers and the army, because it is believed that they have the bubonic plague.

Rowf: Rowf is a black Labrador-mix. He is gruff and thinks all humans are bad. He disapproves of the Tod and believes Snitter is mad. He has a fear of water and tries not to go near it or into it.

Snitter: A smooth fox terrier. In ARSE he had brain surgery and his conscious and sub-conscious mind make him dream when he is a awake and vice versa. He misses his master who got hit by a lorry. And is always on the search for a new master. He, unlike Rowf, approves of the Tod.

The Tod: A cunning fox who lives on the fells of the Lake District. He helps Rowf and Snitter survive out in the wild.

Dr. Boycott: Dr. Boycott is one of the people who works at ARSE. He is a rather ruthless fellow and appears calm in every event that comes up.

Harry Tyson: The caretaker of ARSE who cleans the tanks and feeds the dogs and other animals. He used to be a sailor, then a farmer, then ended up in ARSE. He is kind to the animals despite working in a cruel place.

Stephen Powell: A man who works at ARSE. He is a rather nervous man and is always questioning his "chief" Dr. Boycott.

Adam Wood: Snitter's master. He supposedly died when he saved Snitter from an oncoming lorry. In the book he does not die; he gets a broken leg and concussion, but in the film it is implied that he is dead because he does not appear at all except in memory.

The Sheepdogs: Two minor characters called Don and Wag. They are angry at Rowf and Snitter when they try to "impress" the sheepdogs' master by "herding sheep" (which is really chasing them around and barking, scaring them).

There is a cut version and an uncut version. The uncut version is about 103 minutes long. The cut version is about 86 minutes long. The cut version had many scenes cut from it, most of them were done to make the film shorter, but there was one scene removed because of the bloody image of a dead man ripped to pieces by the hungry dogs (they ate him).

However one bloody scene was not cut from the cut version. It showed Snitter being called by a man with a gun. Snitter accidentally stepped on the trigger, making it go off in the man's face, while holding onto his face he falls down dead, Snitter runs off frightened. That was still in the cut version despite it being a shocking and somewhat disturbing scene.

House (TV series)

House (or "House, M.D.") is an American medical drama television series. It was created by David Shore in 2004 and aired on FOX from 2004-2012. "House" has fans all over the world. It is set at the fictional Princeton-Plainsboro Teaching Hospital in New Jersey. The show's main character, Doctor Gregory House, is a grumpy, sarcastic man who hates having to deal with his patients. Even though he spends a lot of his time insulting his patients and co-workers, or watching TV in his office, Dr. House almost always manages to cure his patients with his great medical intelligence.

Nearly all episodes of "House" follow the same pattern: we see the events that come before the patient being taken to the hospital, then House and his colleagues spend a lot of time doing tests and coming up with different ideas for what the problem is. At the very end, House comes up with the answer, generally through epiphanies, and usually the patient recovers.



Province of Medio Campidano

Medio Campidano is a province in the autonomous region of Sardinia in Italy.

Province of Nuoro

Nuoro is a province in the autonomous region of Sardinia in Italy.

Province of Ogliastra

Ogliastra is a province in the autonomous region of Sardinia in Italy.

Province of Olbia-Tempio

Olbia-Tempio is a province in the autonomous region of Sardinia in Italy.

Province of Oristano

Oristano is a province in the autonomous region of Sardinia in Italy.

Province of Sassari

Sassari is a province in the autonomous region of Sardinia in Italy.

Lost cities

A lost city is a city that was normal once but, for some reason, became not lived in any more and forgotten about. Many of these cities are called ghost towns.









"incomplete list – for further information, see Maya civilization"







Lost City

Lost City could mean:

Lost Cities could also mean:

The Lost City could mean:

In places:


Popol Vuh (band)

Popol Vuh was a German Krautrock band that was founded by pianist and keyboardist Florian Fricke in 1970 together with Holger Trulzsch (percussion) and Frank Fiedler (electronics). 

Other important members during the next two decades included Daniel Fichelscher and Robert Eliscu. The band took its name from the Popol Vuh, a manuscript containing the mythology of the Post-Classic Quiché Maya kingdom of highland Guatemala.

The first album, "Affenstunde", released in 1970, can be regarded as one of the earliest Ambient music, space music or New Age music works, featuring the then new sounds of the Moog synthesizer together with ethnic percussion. 




Franchising

Franchising is a business method that involves the licensing of trademarks and methods of doing business. That can be chain stores, which are retail outlets which share a brand and central management, but also an exclusive right to sell branded merchandise. A similar case is a media franchise, the ownership of the characters and setting of a movie, video game, book, or toys etc., particularly in North American usage. Examples include Pokémon, Harry Potter or Barbie.


Province of Alessandria

Alessandria is a province in the region of Piedmont, Italy.

Province of Asti

Asti is a province in the region of Piedmont, Italy.

Province of Biella

Biella is a province in the region of Piedmont, Italy.

Province of Cuneo

Cuneo is a province in the region of Piedmont, Italy.

Province of Novara

Novara is a province in the region of Piedmont, Italy.

Province of Turin

Turin () was a province in the region of Piedmont, Italy.

Province of Verbano-Cusio-Ossola

Verbano-Cusio-Ossola is a province in the region of Piedmont, Italy.

Province of Vercelli

Vercelli is a province in the region of Piedmont, Italy.

Province of Campobasso

Campobasso is a province in the region of Molise, Italy.

Province of Isernia

Isernia is a province in the region of Molise, Italy.

Province of Ancona

The province of Ancona () is a province in the Marche region of Central Italy. Its capital is the city of Ancona, and the province borders the Adriatic Sea. The city of Ancona is also the capital of Marche.

Ancona has an area of . The province is bordered to the northeast and east by the Adriatic Sea, to the northwest by the province of Pesaro and Urbino, to the west with Umbria (province of Perugia) and to the south with the province of Macerata.

The main rivers in the province, from north to south, areː

The highest point in the province is "Serra Santa-Cima Nord",() in the Apennines; it is high.

There are 474,124 persons living in the province (1 January 2017), for a population density of inhabitants/km².

Evolution of the population

There are 47 municipalities (or "comuni") in the province; they are:

The largest "comune" is Fabriano, with and the smallest is Concamarise, with . Only two "comuni" have less than 1,000 inhabitants (2017)ː San Paolo di Jesi with 912 inhabitants, and Poggio San Marcello with 685 inhabitants.

The following table shows the 10 "comuni" with more inhabitants with their population, and their area and altitude.



Cannon

A cannon is a type of artillery, or large gun. They are made with a large tube called "barrel", and shoot projectiles. Cannons were first made in China, and were used with another Chinese invention, gunpowder. The gunpowder was put at the back of the tube, and the projectile, usually a cannonball, was placed in front. The gunpowder was set on fire, and would explode. This pushed the cannonball out the front of the tube towards the enemy. Howitzers and mortars are similar to cannons but they have shorter barrels and shoot the projectiles (that is: balls or shells) higher.

A field gun is a cannon if its barrel lenght is more than 35 times its caliber (the inner diameter, "bore", of its shell pathway). If the barrel length is 10 to 35 times the caliber, it is a howitzer. Less than 10 times are called mortars.

Modern guns that can shoot many big projectiles quickly and automatically are called autocannons. Modern cannons are usually used on warships and tanks.

Province of Macerata

The Province of Macerata () is a province in the region of Marche in Italy. Its capital is the city of Macerata.

Macerata is the largest of provinces of the Marche, with an area of . The province is bordered to the east by the Adriatic Sea and to the west by the Umbria region (Province of Perugia). It is the only province of the Marche that borders with other three provinces of the same regionː the Ancona to the north, Ascoli Piceno to the southwest and the Fermo to the south.

The main rivers in the province areː

There are 318,921 persons living in the province (1 January 2017), for a population density of inhabitants/km².

Evolution of the population

There are 55 municipalities (or "comuni") in the province; they are:
The largest "comune" is San Severino Marche, with and the smallest is Camporotondo di Fiastrone, with . The two "Comune|comuni" with fewest people living in it are Bolognola, with 137 inhabitants, and Monte Cavallo, with 133 inhabitants.

The following table shows the 10 "comuni" with more inhabitants with their population, and their area and altitude.



Induction



In biology and chemistry:

In psychology:

In philosophy, logic, and computer science:

In mathematics:

In physics:

Deduction

Deduction might mean:


Steven Cherundolo

Steven Cherundolo (born February 19, 1979 in Rockford, Illinois) is an American soccer player. He has played most of career (until 2008) for the German football club Hannover 96. Cherundolo plays on the position of a defender.

Before he came to Hannover, Cherundolo played from 1997 to 1998 in an American college soccer league for the University of Portland.

In his first season for Hannover 96, 1998-99, he made four matches in the team which played in the 2nd German league (2. Bundesliga). In the following season, Cherundolo was in the team most of the time, but he had a bad knee injury. He came back during the 2000-01 season and made 18 matches. In the following season, he made 33 of 34 matches and has been a start member of the team most of the time until 2008. 

In 2002 he got up to the 1st league with his club and played the following seasons in the 1st German league (1. Bundesliga). All together Cherundolo made 250 matches for Hannover 96 from 1999 to 2008, scoring six goals. 

Cherundolo made his first match for the United States national team against Jamaica on 8th September 1999. Until 2008 he has made 44 matches for his national team, scoring two goals.


WrestleMania XXV

WrestleMania XXV (or The 25th Anniversary of WrestleMania or WrestleMania 25), was the twenty-fifth yearly WrestleMania professional wrestling Pay-per-view made by World Wrestling Entertainment and took place on April 5, 2009 at Reliant Stadium in Houston, Texas. It was the second WrestleMania in the state of Texas, with the first being WrestleMania X-Seven, at the Reliant Astrodome, also in Houston, which was held in 2001. The tagline for the event was ""Everything is bigger in Texas, especially WrestleMania"." "Cowboy" by Kid Rock was used in the first promotional advertisement for the event. While WWE calls it the 25th Anniversary, it is only the 24th anniversary as WrestleMania I cannot be an anniversary of itself.

It was announced on January 30, 2009 that "War Machine" and "Shoot to Thrill", both by AC/DC, would be the theme songs for WrestleMania.

Since 1993, the winner of the yearly Royal Rumble match at the event of the PPV has won the opportunity to wrestle for a World Championship at WrestleMania. The only Royal Rumble winners since 1993 that did not wrestle for a championship at WrestleMania are Steve Austin in 1997, and Vince McMahon in 1999. Randy Orton won the match in 2009, earning a match for a world championship at WrestleMania XXV.

On the February 16 edition of "Raw", Shawn Michaels challenged John "Bradshaw" Layfield to a match the following week for the right to face Undertaker at WrestleMania. Shawn won this match but was then forced to face Vladimir Kozlov for the right to face Undertaker at WrestleMania. Shawn won this match and faced The Undertaker at WrestleMania.

Money in the Bank (MITB) qualifying matches started on the February 23, 2009 edition of "Raw" with a triple threat match CM Punk versus John Morrison versus The Miz. CM Punk won the match and is the first of eight men to be added to the Money in the Bank ladder match. The following week on "Raw", another triple threat match between Rey Mysterio, Kane and Mike Knox with the winner of this match qualifying for (winning his way into) the MITB ladder match. Kane won this match and as a result was added to the ladder match.


Counties of Romania

The judeţe (translated in English as "counties") are administrative units of Romania.

The following is a complete list of all the counties in Romania:
Source: http://www.recensamantromania.ro/wp-content/uploads/2012/02/Comunicat_DATE_PROVIZORII_RPL_2011_.pdf 

Alba County

Alba (; Hungarian: "Fehér") is a county (judeţ) of Romania, in Transylvania. The capital of Alba County is Alba Iulia, with a population of 72,405 people.

Alba County has an area of 6,242 km².

The main rivers are the Mureş River and its tributaries, the Târnava, the Sebeş and the Arieş.

Alba County has 4 municipalities, 7 towns and 67 communes, all listed below:



Arad County

Arad (; Hungarian: "Arad", Serbian: "Arad/Арад") is a county (judeţ) of Romania, in Crişana. The capital of Arad County is Arad. About 185,272 people live in Arad County.

Arad County has an area of 7,754 km².

The Mureş River and the Crişul Alb River both flow through Arad County.

Arad County has one municipality, 9 towns and 68 communes.




Sanrio

Sanrio Co., Ltd. is a Japanese company that makes characters and sells and licenses products with images of characters. The things they make include stationery (pencils, pens writing, paper greeting cards, etc.), school supplies and gifts. Sanrio's mascot is Hello Kitty, a white cat with a red bow, yellow nose and no mouth. Hello Kitty is one of the most successful marketing brands in the world. 
Sanrio was started by Shintaro Tsuji as the Yamanashi Silk Company in 1960. In 1973 the company changed its name to "Sanrio." The word Sanrio comes from ""san"" (meaning three in Japanese) and ""río"" (meaning river in Spanish"). He named the company Sanrio to join the three rivers of the world.

Besides selling character goods, Sanrio also takes part in movie production and publishing. Sanrio worked together with Sega Toys to make a series of cartoons, toys, and other products called Jewelpet. They make lots of greeting cards.

The company has worked with UNICEF since 1984.

Sanrio also has two theme parks in Japan, Sanrio Puroland in Tama, Tokyo, and Harmonyland in Hiji, Ōita, Kyūshū.



John Burningham

John Burningham (27 April 1936 – 4 January 2019) was a British children's book writer and illustrator. He won many awards including the Kate Greenaway Medal in 1963 for his book called . He was also known for illustrating the book "Chitty-Chitty-Bang-Bang".

Burningham was born April 27, 1936 in Farnham, Surrey, England. Burningham died on 4 January 2019 at the age of 82 from pneumonia.

Borka: The Adventures of a Goose With No Feathers

Borka: The Adventures of a Goose With No Feathers is a children's book that was written by John Burningham in 1963. The book won the 1963 Kate Greenaway Medal.

Kate Greenaway Medal

The Kate Greenaway Medal is an award that was created in the United Kingdom in 1955. It was named after the children's illustrator, Kate Greenaway. The medal is given every year to an extremely good work of illustration in children's literature. It is awarded by the Chartered Institute of Library and Information Professionals (CILIP).

The first award was given to Edward Ardizzone for "Tim All Alone" in 1956. The winner gets a golden medal and £500 worth of books to give to a library of their choice. 

Since the year 2000, the winner of the Kate Greenaway Medal has also been presented with the Colin Mears Award of £5000.


Kate Greenaway

Catherine "Kate" Greenaway (17 March 1846 – 6 November 1901) was a children's book illustrator and writer. Her first book, "Under The Window" (1879) was a best-seller.

The Kate Greenaway Medal is awarded every year by the UK Chartered Institute of Library and Information Professionals to an illustrator of children's books.

Greenaway died of breast cancer in 1901 at the age of 55. She is buried in Hampstead Cemetery, London.

The Cry of the Icemark

The Cry Of The Icemark is the first book in the "Icemark Chronicles" that are written by the English author Stuart Hill. The book won the Ottakar's Children's Book Prize in 2005. It also won the 2006 Highlands Children's Book award for Long Novels in 2006. It is followed by "The Blade of Fire".

Blade of Fire

Blade of Fire is the second book in Stuart Hill's fantasy series, "The Icemark Chronicles". It came out in 2007. It tells the story of Nicosia, the elder heir of the king Cupro.

Stuart Hill

Stuart Hill is a British author who was born in 1958. in Leicester England. He has written two books in The Icemark Chronicles. They are called "The Cry of the Icemark" and "The Blade of Fire". He is currently writing the third book called "Last Battle Of The Icemark".

Chinon

Chinon is a French commune. It is in the west of the Indre-et-Loire department in the Centre-Val de Loire region, to the southwest of Paris, and is a subprefecture in the department. It is also the capital of the "arrrondissement" of Chinon and the administrative centre of the Chinon canton.

Chinon is in the valley of the Loire river, registered as a UNESCO World Heritage Site since 2000.

The historic town of Chinon is on the banks of the Vienne river about from where it joins the Loire.

The city of Chinon is along the Vienne river, near the confluence with the Loire river. The "commune" has an area of . Its average altitude is ; at the city hall, the altitude is .

The distances from Chinon to other cities are:

The "commune" of Chinon is surrounded by the "communes":

The climate of Chinon, in the Köppen climate classification, is Cfb - Oceanic climate with template summers.

The inhabitants of Chinon are known, in French, as "Chinonais" (women: "Chinonaises").

With a population of 8,073, Chinon has a population density of inhabitants/km.
Evolution of the population in Chinon

Chinon is a subprefecture of the Indre-et-Loire department, the capital of the "arrondissement" of Chinon and the administrative centre () of the canton of Chinon, with 34,893 inhabitants .

It is part of the intercommunality "Chinon, Vienne et Loire" ().



Pacific Ring of Fire

The Pacific Ring of Fire is an arc around the Pacific Ocean where many volcanoes and earthquakes are formed. The area is also called the Pacific Rim, a term which refers to the coastal areas of the countries round the Pacific.

About three quarters of the world's dormant volcanos and active volcanos are here. The ring is 40,000km long, and there are 452 volcanoes.

About 90% of the world's earthquakes and 81% of the world's largest earthquakes occur along the Ring of Fire. The next most seismic region (5–6% of earthquakes and 17% of the world's largest earthquakes) is the Alpide belt, which extends from Java to Sumatra through the Himalayas, the Mediterranean, and out into the Atlantic. The Mid-Atlantic Ridge is the third most prominent earthquake belt. 

The Ring of Fire is a direct result of plate tectonics and the movement and collisions of crustal plates.


Palenque

Palenque (Bàak' in Modern Maya) is a Maya archeological site near the Usumacinta River in the Mexican state of Chiapas. It is a medium-sized site, much smaller than large sites like Tikal or Copán. It does, however, contain good examples of architecture, sculpture, roof comb and bas-relief carvings of the Maya time .



Jack Hyles

Jack Frasure Hyles (September 25, 1926 in Texas - February 6, 2001 in Indiana) was a important person in the independent Baptist movement. He was the pastor of the First Baptist Church of Hammond in Hammond, Indiana from 1959 until his death in 2001. 


Old Faithful Geyser

Old Faithful is a cone geyser in Yellowstone National Park in Wyoming, in the United States. Old Faithful was named in 1870 and was the first geyser in the park to get a name.

Eruptions can shoot 3,700 to 8,400 U.S. gallons (14–32 kL) of boiling water to a height of 106–184 feet (30–55 m) lasting from 1.5 to 5 minutes. The average height of an eruption is 145 feet (44 m).
Eruptions often occur about 90 minutes away from each other, but this difference in time can range from 45 to 125 minutes on occasion.
More than 137,000 eruptions have been recorded. Harry M. Woodward first described the relationship between the duration and intervals of the eruptions in 1938). Old Faithful is not the highest or biggest geyser in the park; that title belongs to the less predictable Steamboat Geyser.

Over the years, the difference in time has increased, which may be the result of earthquakes changing underground water levels. These disruptions have made the earlier relationship inaccurate, but have made Old Faithful more predictable. With an error of 10 minutes, Old Faithful will erupt 65 minutes after an eruption lasting less than 2.5 minutes or 92 minutes after an eruption lasting more than 2.5 minutes. The reliability of Old Faithful is because it is not connected to any other thermal features of the Geothermal areas of Yellowstone| Upper Geyser Basin]].

Between 1983 and 1994, four probes containing temperature and pressure measurement devices and video equipment were lowered into Old Faithful. The probes were lowered as deep as 72 feet (22 m). Temperature measurements of the water at this depth was 244 °F (118 °C), the same as was measured in 1942. The video probes were lowered to a maximum depth of 42 feet (13 m) to observe the conduit formation and the processes that took place in the conduit. Some of the processes observed include fog formation from the interaction of cool air from above mixing with heated air from below, the recharge processes of water entering into the conduit and expanding from below, and entry of superheated steam measuring as high as 265 °F (129 °C) into the conduit.


Odyssey (disambiguation)

The Odyssey is an ancient Greek epic poem by Homer.

Odyssey could also mean:






Club de Gimnasia y Esgrima La Plata

Club de Gimnasia y Esgrima La Plata (CGE or GELP) is an Argentina sports club, of the city of La Plata, Buenos Aires. It was founded on June 3, 1887 as Club de Gimnasia y Esgrima. Its principal activity is football, and it competes in the First División Argentina, Argentina's premier league.

Its stadium is the "Juan Carlos Zerillo", known as the "Estadio del Bosque", capacity for 33.000 spectators.

Gimnasia were champions of División Intermedia of the Argentine Football in 1915, of the First División in 1929, of the "Copa Centenario de la AFA" in 1994 and of the Second division in 1944, 1947 and 1952; it was runner-up of the First División in 1924, Clausura 1995, Clausura 1996, Apertura 1998, Clausura 2002 and Apertura 2005.

The "Club de Gimnasia y Esgrima La Plata" was founded on June 3, 1887 as a civil association, and thus is the oldest surviving football club in the whole of South America. Its foundation came barely five years after the creation of the City of La Plata in 1882. The first sports offered to its members were, as its Spanish name indicates, gymnastics and fencing. Clubs supporting these sports were common among the upper classes at the end of the 19th century ("cf." the prior foundation of Gimnasia y Esgrima de Buenos Aires in 1880). Later on, other disciplines were added, including track and field, football, basketball and rugby.

The institution changed name a few times: from April to December 1897 it was called a "Club de Esgrima" due to the fact that fencing was the only activity practised at that moment. On December 17, 1897 it returned to its original name: "Club de Gimnasia y Esgrima". From July 1952 to September 30, 1955, the club was named "Club de Gimnasia y Esgrima de Eva Perón", due to the fact that the city of La Plata itself had been renamed "Eva Perón" in 1952, after Eva Perón's death. The city returned to its previous name during the government of the ""Liberating Revolution"", and so did the club. However, it remained unduly identified legally as "Club de Gimnasia y Esgrima "de" La Plata", a mistake that was corrected on August 7, 1964 after the new statute was approved.

Gimnasia had to abandon its original field at the corner of 13th and 71st streets, in 1905; at that time, it chose to discontinue the practice of football and to devote the club mainly to social activities. As a result, some members who were interested in playing football left and founded a club devoted principally to that activity: Estudiantes de La Plata. Later, in 1912, a group of football players who were in conflict with Estudiantes de La Plata joined Club Independencia, which later merged with Gimnasia y Esgrima in 1914, thereby returning to the practice of football. In 1915 Gimnasia y Esgrima joins "División Intermedia", wins the championship and thus promotion to the Primera División Argentina. On that year, Gimnasia obtains the two cups that were in dispute: Competencia Adolfo J. Bullrich Cup and Campeonato Intermedia Cup.

On April 27, 1916, Gimnasia played against Estudiantes de La Plata, its classic rival, for the first time. The match took place at the Estudiantes de La Plata' field (1st and 57th streets), where Gimnasia y Esgrima defeated its classic rival 1–0. That year, Gimnasia finished the championship in fourth place, behind Racing Club, Club Atlético Platense and River Plate, with nine victories, nine ties and three defeats. In 1921 Gimnasia would again reach fourth place, behind Racing Club, River Plate and Independiente, as a result of 23 victories, six ties and nine defeats.

On April 27, 1924 the new stadium was inaugurated, in La Plata's main park ("El Bosque", "the Forest") at the intersection of 60th avenue and 118th street; it was named Stadium Juan Carlos Zerillo. Gimnasia y Esgrima remained undefeated in its new stadium for 15 months (from its first official meeting until July 1925). On that year, Gimnasia achieved second place, behind San Lorenzo, with 15 victories, seven ties and one defeat.

In 1929, Gimnasia y Esgrima obtains its only First Division title in the amateur era, after a campaign that included fourteen victories and three defeats. The championship of 1929 was organized along the Copa Estímulo format, that is, teams where separated in two zones ("even" and "odd"), the title being defined in a game between the winners of each zone. Gimnasia y Esgrima won the first place in the "odd zone", which included River Plate, Racing Club, Huracán, and Estudiantes de La Plata, among other teams. The "even zone" was won by Boca Juniors, that qualified thus for the final meeting.

The final took place on February 9, 1930 at the old stadium of River Plate (at the intersection of Alvear and Tagle in Recoleta). On that day, Gimnasia fielded: Felipe Scarpone, Di Giano and Evaristo Delovo; Rusciti, Santillán and Belli; Curell, Varallo, Maleani, Díaz, and Morgada. After being down 0–1 at half time, the team turned the result and won 2-1 with two goals by Martin Maleani. That same year Gimnasia won the ""Reserve"" championship. Consequently, Gimnasia y Esgrima became the first club of La Plata to earn a title in a competition organized by an Association recognized by FIFA.

Between December 1930 and April 1931, Gimnasia's team, which later would be known as "El Expreso" (in English, "The Express"), toured Europe and Brazil. Gimnasia became the first Argentine club outside Greater Buenos Aires to compete in Europe, and the first ever to play in Portugal, Czechoslovakia, Austria and Italy. In the European portion of the tour, Gimnasia played twenty-two games, winning eleven and losing six. On February 15, 1931, Gimnasia defeated Sportverein München 4-0 at Munich, in a game remarkable for being the first match played by an Argentine team on a snow-covered pitch. On March 8, Gimnasia won 3-1 over "AC Sparta Praha" at Prague, a team that was arguably the strongest in Europe at the time, and that no South American team had yet defeated. Gimnasia also won its matches against three of the most important European clubs: a 3-1 victory against Real Madrid (at Madrid, on January 1, 1931), 2-1 against FC Barcelona (at Barcelona, on January 6, 1931), and 1-0 against Benfica (at Lisbon, on March 29, 1931).

Already in the professional era, Gimnasia y Esgrima La Plata entered in the history of Argentine soccer with a famous team known as "El Expreso" (The Express). The "1933 Express" comfortably won the first round of the First Division championship. In the second round, Gimnasia y Esgrima La Plata led the championship, until it faced Boca Juniors and San Lorenzo de Almagro. In these matches, Gimnasia was subject to openly biased arbitration. In the latter game, the referee Rojo Miró favoured so blatantly San Lorenzo that the Gimnasia players famously refused to continue with the charade, and "went on strike." They simply sat on the field, while San Lorenzo scored unopposedly, before the referee terminated the game with a 7–1 outcome. The 1933 team ended in the fourth place (San Lorenzo was the champion) with a record of 21 victories, four draws and nine defeats. However, the legendary Express had been born, and it never left the memory of its fans. The top scorer of The Express was Arturo "El Torito" Naón with 33 goals.

This Cup was disputed in 1960 and was organized by the club Estudiantes de La Plata. It was called "Gobernador de la Province of Buenos Aires Dr. Oscar Alende Cup", in honoring the governor Oscar Alende. The cup was an international quadrangular, comprising friendly matches between Estudiantes, Gimnasia, Club Nacional de Football and Club Atlético Peñarol, the latter being the two main football clubs from Uruguay.

Gimnasia won both meetings against the Uruguayan teams: 5–2 against Nacional and 1–0 against Peñarol. Estudiantes lost its respective games for 0–1 and 2–5.

In the last match, Gimnasia tied with Estudiantes 2–2. On February 13, 1960, Gimnasia was therefore crowned champion of the Gobernador Alende Cup, at the stadium of its classic archrival, located at the intersection of the 57 & 1 streets of La Plata.

One of the teams most remembered by Gimnasia fans is ""La Barredora"" ("The Sweeper"). After almost a decade alternating good and bad performances, the championships organized by the Asociación del Fútbol Argentino were restructured.

The result was the creation of two championships: the "Metropolitano", played by teams affiliated directly to the AFA (and divided in two zones), and the "Nacional", played by the teams placed in the top positions of the "Metropolitano", in addition to teams from the leagues of the Argentine interior. The rest of the teams played the "Promocional" and "Reclasificatorio" cups. Other variants existed, whereby the "Metropolitano" was played as an all-team home-and-away round robin, and the "Nacional" in a two-zone competition.

In the first year, 1967, Gimnasia y Esgrima was champion of the "Promocional" tournament.

In 1970, Gimnasia y Esgrima finished second the zone "B" behind Chacarita Juniors, and qualified to the "Nacional" semifinal against Rosario Central, who had occupied the first position in the zone "A". At that time, a conflict developped between the players and the club's administration on a disagreement about performance remuneration. Unable to solve the issue, the President Oscar Venturino fielded the club's third division on the semifinal at Rosario. The final result was a 3–0 victory for Rosario Central.

The typical eleven in that remarkable team were: Hugo Orlando Gatti; Ricardo Rezza, José Bernabé Leonardi, José Masnik, Roberto Zywica, Roberto Gonzalo; Héctor Pignani, José Santiago, Delio Onnis, José Néstor Meija, Jorge Castiglia. José Varacka was the coach.

After a bad campaign, Gimnasia y Esgrima is relegated to Primera "B" in 1979. The team played in the Second Division between 1980 and 1984, year in which it returns to First Division. The team included football players such as Ricardo "El Pulpo" Kuzemka and Carlos Carrió; its coach was Nito Veiga.

In 1984 Gimnasia y Esgrima obtained the third place in the overall table, and thus qualified to dispute an Octogonal for the second promotion to First Division. The other teams in the octogonal were Racing Club, Argentino de Rosario, Club Atlético Tigre, Defensores de Belgrano, Club Atlético Lanús, Nueva Chicago, and Deportivo Morón. Gimnasia reached the final, where it defeated Racing Club twice, first 3-1 in Avellaneda, and then 4-2 in La Plata on December 30, 1984. After these victories, Gimnasia returned to First Division in 1985 and has been playing there ever since.

The AFA organized in 1993 a cup-style (elimination) tournament named "Copa Centenario" ("Centennial Cup"), to celebrate its hundredth anniversary. Each first division team played its derby rival in two rounds in a double elimination system. Gimnasia eliminated its classic rival Estudiantes 1–0 with a goal by Guillermo Barros Schelotto, and qualified for the next round after a 0–0 tie in the return match. Then, Gimnasia successively eliminated Newell's Old Boys, Argentinos Juniors and Belgrano de Córdoba to win the "round of winners". River Plate won the "round of losers" and qualified for the final, with Gimnasia having home court advantage.

Gimnasia won the final 3–1 with goals by Hugo Romeo Guerra, Fernández and Guillermo Barros Schelotto. River's goal was scored by Villalba. Gimnasia's winning team included Lavallén; Sanguinetti, Morant, Ortiz, Dopazo, Fernández, Bianco, Talarico, Gustavo Barros Schelotto, Guillermo Barros Schelotto and Guerra.

After winning this cup, Gimnasia was invited to participate on the Sanwa Bank Cup in 1994.

With veteran coach Carlos Timoteo Griguol at the helm, Gimnasia took second place in the 1995 "Clausura" tournament, repeating the performance in 1996 and 1998. Also took second place in 2002 (coached by Ramaciotti).

Gimnasia also obtained second place in 2005 under Pedro Troglio's management, after an excellent campaign that had them fighting neck to neck with Boca Juniors until the very end of the championship.

These strong showings allowed Gimnasia to take part in the top club-level competitions in South America: the Copa Sudamericana during the 2006 and 2007 editions of the Copa Libertadores.

On September 10, 2006, during the halftime of a match against Boca Juniors, club president Juan José Muñoz confronted (and allegedly threatened) referee Daniel Giménez, who called off the match immediately, with Gimnasia leading 1–0. Muñoz was reprimanded by the football association and temporarily removed from its executive committee, although he was confirmed as Gimnasia's President by the club's board. A few days later, Gimnasia was eliminated from the Copa Sudamericana by the Chilean champions Colo Colo, following a quarter final match where a player of Gimnasia was injured by a cement piece thrown by Chilean supporters. Due to Gimnasia's physical play in the second leg of the quarter finals in Argentina, Argentine Football Association's president Julio Grondona wrote a personal letter to the president of the ANFP (the Chilean football federation) apologizing for the "roughness" of the Gimnasia players.

The pending second half against Boca Juniors was played on November 8, 2006. Boca Juniors scored four goals and won the match. After the match, Troglio and some of the players hinted that the team had received death threats from some supporters, who wanted to benefit Boca in its championship bid against Gimnasia's archrivals Estudiantes. Nevertheless, Estudiantes obtained the title in the end.

La Plata District Attorney Marcelo Romero opened an investigation and cited some players and club officers to testify, but the entire affair was soon dismissed. Player Marcelo Goux refused to participate in the next match and quit the team soon afterwards, as did fellow players Martín Cardetti and Ariel Franco. Many articles condemned Muñoz's handling of the situation, accusing him of lying to the press, and of treating violent fans as his protégés.

After a string of losses in the local championship and the Copa Libertadores, there were renewed calls for Muñoz to resign. Coach Troglio felt the burden of responsibility and quit his post on April 2, 2007. Gimnasia hired first famed Colombian trainer Francisco Maturana, and then Julio César Falcioni, both with limited success.

In the December 2007 election, Muñoz did not run, and the candidate he supported lost to the opposition. New club president Walter Gisande hired former player Guillermo Sanguinetti as team coach and tried to convince former players, notably Diego Alonso and Guillermo Barros Schelotto, to return to Gimnasia. Only Alonso, who was playing in China, made the leap.

Sanguinetti quit after a string of bad results that left Gimnasia in serious danger of relegation. Under new coach Leonardo Madelón, team results improved markedly, and as of the beginning of the 2009 Clausura tournament, Gimnasia is better positioned to stay in the "Primera" level.

The new management also campaigned for a return to its traditional ground at "El Bosque". Starting April 2008, the stadium underwent a structural engineering evaluation after all security measures requested by authorities were put in place. On June 2008, Gimnasia was allowed to play again at "El Bosque"; the return took place in a match against Lanús, the last game of the Clausura 2008 championship. Mayor Pablo Bruera has indicated that the city will let Gimnasia buy or lease some city-owned lands for erecting a sports complex.


The shield of the Club de Gimnasia y Esgrima La Plata is a wreath in which top part is outlined a helmet with a heraldic crest. At the center, on enamel and with the colors of the club (white and navy blue), the club monogram appears in relief. In the top cantons, like a guard, there appear the hilts of a saber and a foil, with their sharp points emerging at lower part of the shield. To the sides of the center a rama of laurels spreads the helmet, for every side.

Since its inception, the club shield has undergone some modifications. From 1887 until 1928, the shield used was devised by Emilio Coutauret, and it was characterized by a handcrafted and adorned design. In 1964, following a reform of the foundational statute, Gimnasia's shield adopted a simpler form, while still keeping the essence of the original one. This is the logo in current use, and often displayed on the team's jerseys.

There have been some minor changes introduced in the past few years. During Héctor Domínguez's presidency, the abbreviation at the center of the shield was changed, replacing the historical CGE (Club de Gimnasia y Esgrima), for the GELP (Gimnasia y Esgrima La Plata), modification that persisted during the mandates of Gliemmo and Muñoz. Since the beginning of Walter Gisande's presidency, it was decided to return to the original abbreviation of 'CGE'.

The official historical uniform of Gimnasia y Esgrima is based on the colours displayed in the club shield, as established in the institutional statute.

In the first years of life of the institution, the colors adopted were the white and light blue, seeking of this form to highlight the fact that it was an Argentine club. The first vest used by the team had vertical white and light blue stripes.

Later, in 1905, it was decided to change the colors to make it distinct from Racing Club. This resulted in a vest with vertical stripes of white and navy-blue color.

Finally, from 1910, the design was modified, changing the vertical stripes into the horizontal band of navy-blue color over a white jersey, which has been used ever since.

The following table details chronologically the providing companies of apparel and the sponsors that it has had Gimnasia y Esgrima La Plata from the years 1980 and 1990 respectively:

During the year 2009, the apparel of Gimnasia y Esgrima La Plata will be provided by the company "Kappa", the one who will provide from uniform sports up to the extra-sports clothes. In turn, jersey will be supported by the company "La Nueva Seguros", of which it will take the name written in the principal band.

Within the city of La Plata and its environs, the Gimnasia fan base used to be identified with the working class, contrasting with the mostly middle class Estudiantes constituency. This characterization is no longer true. Most of Gimnasia y Esgrima fans are from the Greater La Plata area.

The fans' collective name for itself is "La 22", after 22nd street in La Plata where many famous fans lived, notably Marcelo Amuchástegui. Known as "Loco Fierro", Amuchástegui was famous for his exploits, such as hanging a 100-meter Gimnasia flag in the Bombonera stadium. He was shot to death by Rosario police in a murky episode on May 28, 1991, allegedly during an armed robbery.

As it is the case with some other clubs in the Argentine First Division, the fans celebrate with a large party and outside gathering the "Worldwide Day of Gimnasia's Fans" on each December 10.

Since the 1960s, Gimnasia has been known as "El Lobo" (short for "El Lobo del Bosque", Spanish for "the wolf in the Forest") after the story of "Red Riding Hood", since its historical football field is in the middle of La Plata's main park, known as "El Bosque" ("the forest"). Many other Argentine clubs also called "Gimnasia y Esgrima" adopted later the nicknames of "El Lobo" after the La Plata team.

Another nickname, "mensanas", derives from the Latin motto used in the shield: "Mens sana in corpore sano" (a healthy mind in a healthy body).

An original nickname was (and still is) "triperos" ("tripe" or "gut-handlers"). This name has its origin in the fact that many of Gimnasia's original supporters worked in the meat-processing plants of nearby Berisso. In newspaper caricatures from the early 1900s, Gimnasia was accordingly depicted as a "butcher", instead of the current "wolf". Yet, still today, Gimnasia is often greeted into the stadia by its fans with a resounding "Tripa corazón!" (Spanish for "Go Tripe Go!"). Curiously, the same nickname is applied when referring to the population of Porto in Portugal, although the meaning of the nickname in Portuguese is closer to "tripe-eaters".

Another nickname is "basureros" ("garbage or waste collectors"), acquired during the presidency of Mr. Venturino in the 1970s, who also managed the private company dealing with trash pickup in La Plata.

The Stadium Juan Carlos Zerillo, known as "El Bosque" (Spanish for "the forest", because it is in the La Plata park of the same name) has a capacity of 31,460 and was used continuously until 2005.

When a new city stadium was built for La Plata, both Gimnasia and Estudiantes initially chose to stay at their respective fields, but this arrangement collapsed when both fields were closed down due to new security regulations. In the 2006 "Clausura" tournament, Gimnasia began to use the city stadium for home games.

Beginning on March 2008, Gimnasia made various reforms to its old stadium, seeking to secure the permit for its use at selected games. Finally on June 2008, the ""El Bosque"" grounds were reapproved for First Division competitions. On Saturday June 21, 2008, on the occasion of the last game of the Clausura 2008 championship, Gimnasia returned to its old home in a match against Lanús.

Winners (1): 1915





GELP has a female volleyball team. They are the only one of the nine founder clubs from the "Federación de Voleibol y Pelota al Cesto"

, still playing volleyball and in the highest division. The federation is now "Federación Metropolitana de Voleibol" (FMV).

Gimnasia y Esgrima La Plata is also known for several excellent campaigns in basketball. The GELP basketball team peaked during the 1978 and 1979 campaigns, when they won twice in a row Argentina's premier basketball championship ("Metropolitano" titles). In both cases, they prevailed over favorite Obras Sanitarias, Argentina's powerhouse at the time. The team included players such as "Gallego" González, "Finito" Gehrmann, Peinado, as well as some Americans: Michael Jackson, Lawrence Jackson Jr., and the team leader and star, point-guard Clarence Edgar Metcalfe, chosen as the league MVP in 1979. The twice-champions were coached by Rolando Sfeir.

Gimnasia were runners-up in the 2003/04 Argentine league tournament, when GELP was defeated by Boca Juniors 4–2 in the final series. In the following season, the team was relegated to the TNA (Second Division) after president Juan José Muñoz decreased substantially the basketball budget, thereby causing the loss of its principal players. Nowadays, Gimnasia's first team of basketball plays in the TNA.

In addition to the aforementioned sport activities, Gimnasia y Esgrima La Plata participated in other disciplines throughout its history. The following sports are no longer practiced in the club:

Other activities were available at the club at various periods, namely: water polo, boxing, cycling, petanque, auto racing, judo and tennis, among others.



Galatians

Galatians may refer to

Province of Pesaro and Urbino

The Province of Pesaro and Urbino () is a province in the Marche region of Italy. Its capital is the city of Pesaro.

The province is also known as "Riviera of Hills". It is mostly covered by hills and is popular for its beaches.

Pesaro and Urbino has an area of , the second largest province of the Marche after the Macerata province. The province is surrounded by the state of San Marino and Emilia-Romagna in the north, Umbria and Tuscany in the west, Ancona in the south and the Adriatic Sea on the east.

The main rivers in the province, from north to south, are (all of them flow to the east into the Adriatic Sea)ː

The highest mountain in the province is "Monte Catria",() in the Apennines; it is high.

There are 360,711 persons living in the province (1 January 2017), for a population density of inhabitants/km².

Evolution of the population

There are 54 municipalities (or "comuni") in the province; they are:
The largest "comune" is Urbino, with and the smallest is Gabicce Mare, with . The "comune" with fewest people living in it is Frontino with 293 inhabitants.

The following table shows the 10 "comuni" with more inhabitants with their population, and their area and altitude.

The province of Pesaro and Urbino is twinned with:


Clarence House

Clarence House is the home of Charles, Prince of Wales in London. It is part of St James's Palace, and is on The Mall, close to Buckingham Palace (The Queen's home).

The Prince of Wales lives with his wife, Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall there. The Prince of Wales' offices and staff are also based at Clarence House, and any announcements made by his staff are attributed to "Clarence House" as an entity, just like announcements from The Queen are said to be made by "Buckingham Palace".

Prince Charles has lived at Clarence House since 2003. The Queen Mother lived at Clarence House from 1953 (the year after the death of her husband (King George VI)) until 2002, when she died.

Heal's

Heal's ("Heal and Sons Ltd") is a British department store furniture and furnishing store chain with six stores. The stores sell an upmarket range of furniture, lighting, accessories, home and garden-wares.

It was founded in 1810 by John Harris Heal and his son. At first the company made beds.

The work of Sir Ambrose Heal made the company famous. He worked there for 60 years, from 1893 to 1953. Ambrose Heal was one of the group of designers, industrialists and business people who founded the Design and Industries Association in 1915. Their slogan was "Nothing Need Be Ugly".


Chain store

Chain stores are retail stores which share a brand and central management, usually with standardized business methods and practices. They may all have the same owners or may be franchised. Many restaurants are also chains. 


Province of Bergamo

Bergamo is a province in the region of Lombardy in Italy.

Province of Brescia

Brescia is a province in the region of Lombardy in Italy.

Province of Como

Como is a province in the region of Lombardy in Italy.

Province of Cremona

Cremona is a province in the region of Lombardy in Italy.

St. Augustine, Florida

St. Augustine is the oldest city in the United States begun by Europeans and filled with people since it was started. The admiral from Spain, Pedro Menéndez de Avilés, started St. Augustine in 1565. There was fighting between England and Spain in 1586, 1702, and 1740 over the city. Spain won each time. In 1763, St. Augustine was given to the English as part of the Treaty of Paris which ended the French and Indian War. After the American colonies became independent from England, another Treaty of Paris, this one in 1783, returned the area to Spain. In 1819, the Adams-Onís Treaty gave all of Florida to the United States.

The largest sign of the years under Spain is the Castillo de San Marcos, a large masonry fort built between 1672 and 1695. This fort still stands.

Jefferson Parish, Louisiana

Jefferson Parish is a parish in the U.S. state of Louisiana. Most of the suburbs of New Orleans are in this parish. Because of this Jefferson parish has the second-most population in the state.


King's Lynn

King's Lynn is a town and port in Norfolk, England. Over the years, the town has been known variously as Bishop's Lynn and Lynn Regis, while it is occasionally referred to by locals as simply Lynn—the Celtic word for lake. 

King's Lynn is the third largest settlement in Norfolk after the city of Norwich and the town of Great Yarmouth. Sandringham House, the Norfolk residence of the British Royal Family, is north-east of King's Lynn.

Peterhof

Peterhof (or Petergof), meaning "Peter's Court" is a town in Saint Petersburg on the southern shore of the Gulf of Finland. It has a population of about 65,000. It hosts one of two campuses of Saint Petersburg State University. A series of palaces and gardens, laid out on the orders of Peter the Great, and sometimes called the "Russian Versailles", is also there. The palace-ensemble along with the city center is a UNESCO World Heritage Site.

In the time of Peter the Great, the sea floor just north of the Petergof site and to the east toward St. Petersburg was too shallow for commercial ships or warships. But to the west of Petergof, the sea floor dropped off to be deep enough for sea vessels. Accordingly, when Peter the Great decided to build St. Petersburg at the eastern end of the Gulf of Finland, he built the commercial harbor for St. Petersburg and the Kronstadt fort across the 20 kilometers (12 miles) of shallow sea to supply and defend his Navy.

Haltern am See

Haltern am See ("Haltern at the lake", before December 2001 only Haltern) is a town and a municipality in the district of Recklinghausen, in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany. It is next to the Lippe River and the Wesel-Datteln Canal, approx. 15 km north of Recklinghausen. 



Rapides Parish, Louisiana

Rapides Parish () is a parish located in the U.S. state of Louisiana. As of the 2020 census, the population was 130,023. The parish seat is Alexandria. "Rapides" is the French spelling of "rapids" and is pronounced ra-PEEDS (I.P.A. [ɹæ.pid͜z]). 

The parish was created in 1807 after the United States bought this territory in the Louisiana Purchase.

Enteric nervous system

The enteric nervous system (ENS) is a part of the peripheral nervous system. It controls the reflexes of the gastrointestinal system. 

Some treat the ENS as part of the autonomic nervous system.


Carl Frederick Tandberg

Carl Frederick Tandberg (March 22, 1910 – August 26, 1988), was a bass fiddle musician who recorded with Glen Campbell and Frankie Ortega.

He was born in 1910 in Boston where his father, Thorvald Martin Tandberg I (1874-1970), managed a restaurant. Thorvald was born in Portland, Maine. Carl's mother was Alvilde Marie Naess (1875-1933) of Oslo, Norway. Carl married Alice Nazian Gonyer (1909-1992) of Orono, Maine in 1929 and they lived in Queens, New York. He worked with Shep Fields (1910-1981) and His Rippling Rhythm Orchestra; and The Jerry Blaine (1910-1973) Orchestra in 1937. While working at a music publishing company he met Glen Campbell and collaborated on several recordings. He worked with the Frankie Ortega Trio in Las Vegas and at the Balboa Bay Club in Newport Beach for 11 years. He moved to Burbank, California in the 1940s and worked as a musician in Alhambra, California at Dick White's Rickey's Lounge, starting in 1957 with Paul Peters and Stan Seltzer. He later became the maître d' at their restaurant. After he retired from music he worked for a private security company at KTTV studios. He later worked as the gate security guard at the home of Bob Hope. He died in Los Angeles in 1988 of a heart attack, and was buried in Eternal Valley Memorial Park. His maternal uncle was Alfred Næss, the Norwegian speedskater.


Personification

Personification is a figure of speech where non-living objects are described to seem like people.

In the arts, personification means representing a non-human thing as if it were human. Personification gives human traits and qualities, such as emotions, desires, sensations, gestures and speech, often by way of a metaphor.

Personification is much used in visual arts. Examples in writing are "the leaves waved in the wind", "the ocean heaved a sigh" or "the Sun smiled at us". In easy language personification is just giving an example of a living being for a non-living thing. "The wind shouted". In these examples, the nonhuman subjects are given human characteristics.

Another commonly used personification is found in stories where animals and legendary creatures are attributed labels for recognition. This is called anthropomorphism.



The Named

The Named is a fantasy book that was written by Marianne Curley. It is the first book in the "Guardians of Time Trilogy".


The Dark (novel)

The Dark is a fantasy book that was written by Marianne Curley. It is the second book in the "Guardians of Time Trilogy".


The Key (novel)

The Key is a fantasy book that was written by Marianne Curley. It is the third book in the Guardians of Time Trilogy.


Marianne Curley

Marianne Curley, (born 20 May 1959) is an Australian writer of young-adult novels. She is the author of several fantasy books, including "Old Magic" and the three novels in the "Guardians of Time" series. She is most popular outside of Australia, and her books have been translated into several languages, including Spanish, Portuguese, German and Dutch.

Marianne was born in Windsor, in New South Wales. She is the youngest child of Joseph Michael and Mary Violet Mizzi. She spent her early childhood living in a house along the Hawkesbury River. When a flood destroyed the property, the family moved to a small farm on the edges of Sydney. Marianne developed a love for reading at an early age, and became a school librarian at the age of nine. She went to high school in western Sydney. The first novel that had an influence on her was "Oliver Twist".

When she was nineteen, Marianne met John Curley and married him a few months later. The couple moved to Coffs Harbour and had three children. In 1991, Curley took courses at the local TAFE college and got a certificate in word processing. In the same year, she also got a certificate in teaching from Sydney Open College. Between 1991 and 1997, she worked several part-time jobs as a teacher.

Curley's first attempt at writing was a romance novel. After this was finished, she took several writing courses, but struggled to decide what she wanted to write about. She began writing young-adult novels after a conversation with her two teenaged daughters. They encouraged Curley to write something for their age group. According to Curley, it took many attempts before my writing was good enough to be published. She was rejected by publishers many times. While learning to write she taught computer studies at the TAFE college in Coffs Harbour.

Curley's first fantasy novel, "Old Magic", was sold to the London-based Bloomsbury publishers in 2001. It is about a boy with supernatural powers and a girl who helps him to control them. The first book in her "Guardians of Time Trilogy" was published in 2002. It was called "The Named", about a group of teenagers who travel through time to stop the Order of Chaos from changing the course of history. The book received positive reviews from several critics. Curley signed a 12-month contract with Warner Bros. with the idea of making a television series based on the books. They hired a producer, director and paid for a script of the first episode to be written. However, the WB eventually cancelled the deal. The second and third books, "The Dark" and "The Key", were published in 2003 and 2004. Both received mixed reviews.

Between 2004 and 2012, Curley took a long break from writing due to bad health. She published "Hidden" in 2013, and began a new series called the "Avena Trilogy".



Guardians of Time Trilogy

The "Guardians of Time" Trilogy is a series of fictional books that are written by Marianne Curley. The books in this trilogy are "The Named", "The Dark", and "The Key". The trilogy is about a group of people called the Guardians of Time (the Guard), going into history to save the world from the Order of Chaos (the Order), who are trying to history to give themselves more power. The books take place in Angel Falls, Australia



Ender's Game

Ender's Game (1985) is one of the most famous books written by Orson Scott Card. It takes place in Earth's future where mankind has barely survived two attacks by the "buggers", a species of alien, and the International Fleet is getting ready for war. In order to find and train a leader for the next invasion, the world's smartest children, including Ender Wiggin, are taken into a place called Battle School at a very young age. The book takes place around the year 2135, and its sequels "Speaker for the Dead", "Xenocide", "Children of the Mind", "", and "" follow Ender to different planets as he travels far into the future.

The book was first a novelette that came out in the August 1977 issue of "Analog Science Fiction and Fact". Card later made the novel longer and wrote sequels to create the "Ender's Game" series.

A new version was released in 1991 to keep facts accurate (such as the end of the Soviet Union).

"Ender's Game" won the Hugo Award for best novel in 1986 and the Nebula Award for best novel in 1985. The next year, the sequel "Speaker for the Dead" also won both awards; Card is the only writer to have won both awards two years in a row.

In 2008, it got the Margaret Edwards award for its long term effect on science fiction.



Orson Scott Card

Orson Scott Card (born August 24, 1951) is a popular American writer, critic, political writer, and speaker. He is best known for his science fiction books. Both his novel "Ender's Game" and its sequel, "Speaker for the Dead", won the Hugo Award and the Nebula Award. That makes Card the only writer (as of 2007) to win both of science fiction's top prizes two years in a row.

Card is an English professor at Southern Virginia University. He has written two books on creative writing. Card teaches other people about writing. He is also a judge in the Writers of the Future competition. His great-great-grandfather is Brigham Young, who was a leader for The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, and Card is also a member of it.

Card still writes many fiction works. He has also produced writing about church, politics, and society in his columns and books.

Card is the son of Willard Richards Card and Peggy Jane (maiden name Park). He is the third of six children. Song-writer Arlen Card is his younger brother. Card was born in Richland, Washington. He grew up in Santa Clara, California, Mesa, Arizona, and Orem, Utah. He went on a mission for the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints in Brazil. Card graduated from Brigham Young University (BYU) and the University of Utah. He also spent a year in a Ph.D program at the University of Notre Dame. 

For part of the 1970s Card worked as an associate editor of the "Ensign", which is an official magazine of the LDS Church.

Card lives in Greensboro, North Carolina. Greensboro has greatly affected "Ender's Game" and many of his other works.

Card started his writing career as a poet. He studied with Clinton F. Larson at Brigham Young University, in Utah. Card studied about the theater and started turning books into plays and then started writing his own full-length plays. Many of his plays were produced by theater directors at BYU. He also started writing fiction. The fiction stories that he wrote in college later became "The Worthing Saga".

At BYU, Card started a theater company, which produced plays at "the Castle," an outdoor stage in Provo. His company's plays were the first plays ever produced at the Castle. Card also got a part-time job as a proofreader at BYU Press. Later, he got a full-time job copy editing. In 1976, Card got a full-time job as an assistant editor at the "Ensign", a church magazine. He moved to Salt Lake City. There, Card published his first piece of fiction, a short story called "Gert Fram." It was printed in the July 1977 fine arts magazine under the pen name Byron Walley.

Card wrote a short story called "Ender's Game" while he worked at the BYU Press. He sent it to several publications. The story is about a school in which boys can fight in space. He later turned the short story into a novel, also called "Ender's Game". 

Both "Ender's Game" and the second book in the same series, "Speaker for the Dead", were given the Hugo Award and the Nebula Award. That made Card the only author () to win both of science fiction's top awards two years in a row. The series also includes the books "Xenocide", "Children of the Mind", "Ender's Shadow", "Shadow of the Hegemon", "Shadow Puppets", "First Meetings in the Enderverse", "Shadow of the Giant", "Shadows in Flight", "", and "Ender in Exile". "Ender in Exile" takes place in between "Ender's Game" and "Speaker for the Dead". Card has said he plans to write a book, "Shadows Alive", to link the "Shadow" series and the "Speaker" series together. He has also written three books that take place before "Ender's Game": "Earth Unaware", "Earth Afire", and "Earth Awakens". The trilogy tells the history of the character Mazer Rackham and other things. In 2013 the novel "Ender's Game" was made into a movie. Asa Butterfield played the character Ender ,and Gavin Hood directed the movie. 

Some of Card's other science fiction books include "The Tales of Alvin Maker", "", The Homecoming Saga, and "Hidden Empire". 

Card has branched out into other areas of fiction with books such as "Lost Boys", "Treasure Box" and "Enchantment". He wrote a novel about the James Cameron film "The Abyss" and the comic book "Ultimate Iron Man" for a Marvel Universe series. In the early 1990s, Card wrote the narration in three video games: "Loom", "The Secret of Monkey Island", and "The Dig".

In 1983, Card published the novel "Saints". It is a fiction book about one of Card’s ancestors, who joined the LDS Church in its early days. Card writes about his ancestor's life until Utah became a state.

In 2000, Card published the first book in "The Women of Genesis" series. The books tell the story of the women in the Bible. They are 'Sarah" (2000), "Rebekah" (2002), and "Rachel and Leah" (2004).

In 2005, Card started a magazine, "Orson Scott Card's InterGalactic Medicine Show". He edited the first two issues, but he was too busy to keep up with it. Edmund R. Schubert was one of Card's former students. Schubert took over the magazine and became the editor in 2006.
Card also wrote the dialog and the screenplay for the Xbox video game "Advent Rising'’.

In 2008, Card's short book "Hamlet's Father" was published in "The Ghost Quartet" collection (Tor Books). It is a retelling of Shakespeare's "Hamlet".


Genius Squad

Genius Squad is a book that was written by Catherine Jinks in 2008. It was published by Allen & Unwin, Australia. It is the second book in a series that follows the main character Cadel Piggot.

Evil Genius (book)

Evil Genius is a book written by Catherine Jinks in 2005. It was published by Allen & Unwin, Australia. The book is the first in a series that follows the story of "Cadel Piggot".


Catherine Jinks

Catherine Jinks (born 1963 in Brisbane, Queensland) is an Australian writer. She has written over thirty books and has won many awards, including the Children's Book Council Of Australia Book of the Year Award three times, the Victorian Premier's Literary Award, the Aurealis Award for Science Fiction, the Australian Ibby Award, and the Davitt Award for Crime Fiction.








Public speaking

Public speaking is speaking to a group of people in an organized way: to give information, influence or persuade, or to entertain the listeners. 

In public speaking there are five important questions, which are often expressed as ""who" is saying "what" to "whom", using "which medium", with what "effects"?" 

The Ancient Greeks called public speaking rhetoric; the Romans called it oratory. Until the late 20th century it was also called "forensic speaking", or "forensics". Propaganda is an another name for speech for or against some point of view. In George Orwell's words propaganda is a reflection of prejudices and beliefs that colors people's [or societies] aesthetic judgements. Often they are simply fallacies or conjectures.

Professional public speakers may use storytelling techniques or humor as a communication tool. A public speaker who is strong at using comedy might have more success adding a joke into a speech than one who is weak in that area. 

A speaker's guideline is given in "TED Talks: The Official TED Guide to Public Speaking".
Their information includes:

Other guidelines exist.

Models in public speaking.

The 6 I model of credibility for public speaking are:
The AIDA model is about designing the message and delivering it effectively to the target audience. It says the speaker should first get attention, hold the interest level of the audience, arouse desire for the solution or the objective (appeal, theme, etc.) desired to communicate, and finally obtain action or actionable commitment from the audience.



University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill

The University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill (UNC) is a university in Chapel Hill, North Carolina. It was founded in 1789. UNC is one of three schools that claim to be the oldest public university in the United States. To be more exact, UNC is the first school in the U.S. to hold classes and graduate students as a public institution; it began teaching students in 1795 and graduated its first students in 1798. (The University of Georgia was founded in 1785, but did not start teaching classes until 1801; The College of William & Mary was founded in 1693 and taught students at that time, but did not become a public school until 1906.)

Michigan State University

Michigan State University (or "MSU" for short) is a public university in East Lansing, Michigan.

The Michigan State Spartans are the athletic team of the university. The school's athletic program includes 23 varsity sports teams. The school colors are green and white. They play in NCAA Division I, with almost all of their teams playing in the Big Ten Conference. In 2010, the MSU football team won a share of the Big 10 title, and played in the Capital One Bowl in Orlando, Florida. The men's ice hockey team plays in the Central Collegiate Hockey Association, but will leave that conference in July 2013 when the Big Ten starts a men's hockey league.

Established in 1855, MSU was originally an agricultural college. Students were known as "Aggies," but are now known as the "Spartans." Currently, Michigan State University has the largest single campus student body of any university in the state of Michigan, and is one of the largest universities in the country.

The mascot of the university is called "Sparty". He is mostly shown as a muscular male Spartan warrior/athlete dressed in a stylish Greek costume.


Big Ten (disambiguation)

Big Ten could mean:


Athletic

Athletic could mean:




Big Ten Conference

The Big Ten Conference is the United States' oldest Division I college athletic conference. Most of its 14 member institutions are in the Midwestern United States. The conference footprint will expand to the country's Pacific coast in 2024.

The Big Ten will add four members after the 2023–24 school year, all from the Pac-12 Conference.
The Big Ten gained its first "associate member"—i.e., a school playing only a small number of sports (in this case, one) in the conference—in 2014. The same school brought a second sport into the Big Ten in 2016. A second school became an associate member in 2017.

Asteroid spectral types

Asteroids are assigned a type based on spectral shape, color, and sometimes albedo. These types are thought to correspond to an asteroid's surface composition. For small bodies which are not internally differentiated, the surface and internal compositions are presumably similar, while large bodies such as 1 Ceres and 4 Vesta are known to have internal structure.

A list of types can be found at .

The present-day classification was initiated by Clark R. Chapman, David Morrison, and Ben Zellner in 1975 with three categories: C for dark carbonaceous objects, S for stony (silicaceous) objects, and U for those which did not fit into either C or S. This classification has since been expanded and clarified.

A number of classification schemes are currently in existence , and while they strive to retain some mutual consistency, quite a few asteroids are sorted into different classes depending on the particular scheme. This is due to the use of different criteria for each approach. The two most widely used classifications are described below:

The most widely used taxonomy for over a decade has been that of David J. Tholen, first proposed in 1984. This classification was developed from broad band spectra (between 0.31μm and 1.06μm) obtained during the Eight-Color Asteroid Survey (ECAS) in the 1980s, in combination with albedo measurements . The original formulation was based on 978 asteroids.

This scheme includes 14 types with the majority of asteroids falling into one of three broad categories, and several smaller types. They are, with their largest exemplars:
and the small classes:
Objects were sometimes assigned a combined type such as "e.g." CG when their properties were a combination of those typical for several types.

This is a more recent taxonomy introduced by Schelte J. Bus and Richard P. Binzel in 2002, based on the Small Main-Belt Asteroid Spectroscopic Survey (SMASS) of 1447 asteroids . This survey produced spectra of a far higher resolution than ECAS, and was able to resolve a variety of narrow spectral features. However, a somewhat smaller range of wavelengths (0.44μm to 0.92μm) was observed. Also, albedos were not considered. 
While attempting to keep to the Tholen taxonomy as much as possible given the differing data, asteroids were sorted into the 24 types given below. The majority of bodies fall again into the three broad C, S, and X categories, with a few unusual bodies categorized into several smaller types:

A significant number of small asteroids were found to fall in the Q, R, and V types, which were represented by only a single body in the Tholen scheme.
In this Bus and Binzel SMASS scheme only a single type was assigned to any particular asteroid.

A few Near-Earth objects have spectra which differ strongly from any of the SMASS classes. This is presumably because these bodies are much smaller than those detected in the Main Belt, and as such may have younger less-altered surfaces or be composed of a less varied mix of minerals.

These classification schemes are expected to be refined and/or replaced as further research progresses. However, for now, the spectral classification based on the two above coarse resolution spectroscopic surveys from the 1990s is still the standard. Scientists have been unable to agree on a better taxonomic system, largely due to the difficulty of obtaining detailed measurements consistently for a large sample of asteroids (e.g. finer resolution spectra, or non-spectral data such as densities would be very useful).

The three main groupings of asteroids are thought to be related to the three basic meteorite types:


Saturn's Gallic group of satellites

The Gallic group is a dynamical grouping of the prograde irregular satellites of Saturn following similar orbits. Their semi-major axes range between 16 and 19 Gm, their inclinations between 35° and 40°, and their eccentricities around 0.53.

The International Astronomical Union (IAU) reserves names taken from Gallic mythology for these moons.

Similar mean orbital elements led the discoverers to postulate a common origin for the group in a break up of a larger body.

The diagram illustrates the Gallic group in relation to other irregular satellites of Saturn. The eccentricity of the orbits is represented by the yellow segments (extending from the pericentre to the apocentre) with the inclination represented on Y axis.

The four members of the group are (in order of increasing distance from Saturn):

The group was later found to be physically homogenous, all satellites displaying "light-red" colour (colour indices B − V = 0.91 and V − R = 0.48)
and similar infrared indices 

Remarkably, recent observations revealed that the largest member of the group, Albiorix, displays actually two different colours: one compatible with Eriapo and Tarvos, and another less red. Instead of the common progenitor, it was postulated that Tarvos and Erriapus could be fragments of Albiorix, leaving a large, less red crater.
Such an impact would require a body with the diameter in excess of 1 km and relative velocity close to 5 km/s, resulting in a large crater with the radius of 12 km. Numerous, very large craters observed on Phoebe, prove the existence of such collisions in the Saturnian system's past.



Sulawesi

Sulawesi (formerly known as Celebes) is one of the four larger Sunda Islands of Indonesia, and is between Borneo and the Maluku Islands.

Sulawesi is the world's eleventh-largest island, covering an area of 174,600 km. The island is surrounded by Borneo to the west, by the Philippines to the north, by Maluku to the east, and by Flores and Timor to the south. It has a distinctive shape, dominated by four large peninsulas: the Semenanjung Minahassa; the East Peninsula; the South Peninsula; and the South-east Peninsula. The central part of the island is ruggedly mountainous, such that the island's peninsulas have traditionally been remote from each other, with better connections by sea than by road.

These are the ten largest cities in Sulawesi by population in 2010.

Flores

Flores is one of the Lesser Sunda Islands, an island arc. Its area is about . It goes east from the island of Java. There are about 1.5 million people in Flores. The largest town is Maumere.

Flores is east of Sumbawa and Komodo. It is west of Lembata and the Alor Archipelago. To the southeast is Timor. To the south is the Sumba strait. The Flores Sea is to the north.

On December 12 1992, an earthquake measuring 7.0 on the Richter scale occurred. It killed 2,000 people in the town of Maumere.

Sumbawa

Sumbawa is an Indonesian island in the middle of the Lesser Sunda Islands chain. It has Lombok to the west, Flores to the east, and Sumba farther to the southeast. It is in the province of West Nusa Tenggara. 
Sumbawa is 15,448 km² (three times the size of Lombok). About 1.5 million people live there. It marks the boundary between the islands to the west, which were influenced by religion and culture spreading from India, and the region to the east that was not so influenced.

Sumbawa is inside the Pacific Ring of Fire. It is a volcanic island, including Mount Tambora (8°14’41”S, 117°59’35”E) which exploded in 1815, the most destructive volcanic eruption in modern history (roughly four times larger than the 1883 eruption of Krakatoa, between Java and Sumatra, in terms of volume of magma ejected). The eruption killed as many as 92,000. It also apparently destroyed a small culture of Southeast Asian affinity, known to archaeologists as the Tamboran kingdom. It launched 100 cubic kilometers of ash into the upper atmosphere, which caused 1816 to be the "year without a summer." 

Clothing in ancient Rome

Clothing in Ancient Rome is most commonly known by the toga and stola. 
The cloth was made from wool, linen or hemp. Cotton and silk were also used, more rarely. Leather was also used. The kind of clothing showed status.






Tibia (video game)

Tibia is a MMORPG video game released in 1997. Three German science students, Stephan Börzsönyi, Guido Lübke, Ulrich Schlott and Stephan Vogler, thought of the idea for the game. It was made by the German company CipSoft.

Royal Library of Turin

The Royal Library of Turin is an important museum in Turin, Italy. It was started by King Charles Albert of Sardinia in 1839. 
Now it has 187,987 print volumes, 4,403 hand-written volumes (manuscripts), 3,000 drawings, 188 books made before 1501 (incunabula), 5,029 books from the 16th century, 20,987 pamphlets, and many engravings and maps. These works come mainly from collections from Savoy.
The most important antique is a self-portrait of Leonardo da Vinci. This self-portrait is in an underground vault that is resistant to fires, earthquakes, and even airplane crashes.

Tibia

The tibia, also known as the shinbone, or shankbone, is the larger and stronger of the two bones in the leg below the knee in vertebrates. It connects the knee with the ankle bones and is parallel to the fibula. Additionally it is the second largest bone in the body as its supports a significantly large portion of the human bodyweight. The tibia is essential to everyday movement such as standing and walking as well as jumping and running.The tibia or shinbone is usually of same size in both boys and girls prior to puberty. And in the adolescent ages tibia is longer in boys and men than in the girls and women.

Chauzon

Chauzon is a commune of the Ardèche "département" in the southern part of France.

Chazeaux

Chazeaux is a commune of the Ardèche "département" in the southern part of France.

Cheminas

Cheminas is a commune of the Ardèche "département" in the southern part of France.

Le Cheylard

Le Cheylard is a commune of the Ardèche "département" in the southern part of France.


Theory of Colours

Theory of Colours (original German title, Zur Farbenlehre) is a book by Johann Wolfgang von Goethe published in 1810. It contains some of the earliest and most accurate descriptions of phenomena such as coloured shadows, refraction, and chromatic aberration.

Its influence extends primarily to the art world, especially among the Pre-Raphaelites. Turner studied it comprehensively, and referred to it in the titles of several paintings. Wassily Kandinsky considered Goethe's theory "one of the most important works".

Although Goethe's work was never well received by physicists, a number of philosophers and physicists have been known to have concerned themselves with it, including Arthur Schopenhauer, Kurt Gödel, Werner Heisenberg, Ludwig Wittgenstein, and Hermann von Helmholtz. Mitchell Feigenbaum even convinced himself that "Goethe had been right about colour!"

In his book, Goethe shows how colour is perceived in a variety of circumstances, and considers Isaac Newton's observations to be special cases. Goethe's concern was not so much with the measurement of colour phenomenon, but with how qualities of colour are perceived. Science has come to understand the distinction between the optical spectrum, as observed by Newton, and the phenomenon of human colour perception as presented by Goethe.

For Goethe, "the highest is to understand that all fact is really theory. "The blue of the sky reveals to us the basic law of color. Search nothing beyond the phenomena, they themselves are the theory."

Goethe's studies of colour began with subjective experiments which examined the effects of turbid media on the perception of light and dark. He observed that lights seen through a turbid medium would appear yellowish, and darkness seen through a turbid medium that had been lightened would appear blue.

Starting from these observations, he began numerous experiments, observing the effects of darkening and lightening on the perception of colour in many different circumstances.

For Goethe, light is ""the simplest most undivided most homogenous being that we know. Confronting it is the darkness"" (Letter to Jacobi). Unlike his contemporaries, Goethe did not see darkness as an absence of light, but rather as polar to and interacting with light.

Based on his experiments with turbid media, Goethe characterized colour as arising from the dynamic interplay of darkness and light. The editor of the Kurschner edition of Goethe's works gives the following analogy:

Goethe writes:

When viewed through a prism, the orientation of a light-dark boundary with respect to the prism is significant. With white above a dark boundary, we observe the light extending a blue-violet edge into the dark area; whereas dark above a light boundary results in a red-yellow edge extending into the light area.

Goethe was intrigued by this difference. He felt that this arising of colour at light-dark boundaries was fundamental to the creation of the spectrum (which he considered to be a compound phenomenon).

Since the colour phenomenon relies on the adjacency of light and dark, there are two ways to produce a spectrum: with a light beam in a dark room, and with a dark beam (i.e. a shadow) in a light room.

Goethe recorded the sequence of colours projected at various distances from a prism for both cases (see Plate IV, "Theory of Colours"). In both cases, he found that the yellow and blue edges remain closest to the side which is light, and red and violet edges remain closest to the side which is dark. At a certain distance, these edges overlap. When these edges overlap in a light spectrum, green results; when they overlap in a dark spectrum, magenta results.

With a light spectrum, coming out of the prism, one sees a shaft of light surrounded by dark. We find yellow-red colours along the top edge, and blue-violet colours along the bottom edge. The spectrum with green in the middle arises only where the blue-violet edges overlap the yellow-red edges.

With a dark spectrum (i.e. a shadow surrounded by light), we find violet-blue along the top edge, and red-yellow along the bottom edge – where these edges overlap, we find magenta.

Due to their different approaches to a common subject, many misunderstandings have arisen between Newton's mathematical understanding of optics, and Goethe's experiential approach.

Because Newton understands white light to be composed of individual colours, and Goethe sees colour arising from the interaction of light and dark, they come to different conclusions on the question: is the optical spectrum a primary or a compound phenomenon?

For Newton, all the colours already exist in white light, and the prism merely fans them out according to their refrangability. Goethe sought to show that, as a turbid medium, the prism was an integral factor in the arising of colour.

Whereas Newton narrowed the beam of light in order to isolate the phenomenon, Goethe observed that with a wider aperture, there was no spectrum. He saw only reddish-yellow edges and blue-cyan edges with white between them, and the spectrum arose only where these edges came close enough to overlap. For him, the spectrum could be explained by the simpler phenomena of colour arising from the interaction of light and dark edges. Goethe's reification of darkness has caused almost all of modern physics to reject Goethe's theory.

Newton explains the appearance of white with colored edges by saying that due to the differing overall amount of refraction, the rays mix together to create a full white towards the centre, whereas the edges do not benefit from this full mixture and appear with greater red or blue components.

Orthodox

Orthodox is a word about beliefs. It is made from two Ancient Greek words, ὀρθός "orthós" „correct, straight“ and δόξα "dóxa" „teaching, worship". Orthodoxy means a teaching that is supposed to be close to the original. 

In particular:

in Christianity:


in Judaism:

Jewish organisations:

Will Rogers

William Penn Adair “Will” Rogers (November 4, 1879 – August 15, 1935) was a Cherokee-American cowboy, comedian, humorist, social commentator, vaudeville performer and actor.

Known as Oklahoma's favorite son, Rogers was born to a well off Indian Territory family and learned to ride horses and use a lariat so well that he was listed in the Guinness Book of World Records for throwing three ropes at once—one around the neck of a horse, another around the horse's rider, and a third around all four legs of the horse. During his life he traveled around the world three times, made 71 movies (50 silent films and 21 "talkies"), wrote more than 4,000 nationally-syndicated newspaper columns, making him a world-famous figure.

By the mid-1930s, Rogers was loved by the American people, and was the highest-paid movie star in Hollywood at the time. During an around-the-world trip with pilot Wiley Post, Rogers died when their small airplane crashed near Barrow, Alaska Territory in 1935.

Tetris DX

Tetris DX is a video game released in 1998 for the Game Boy Color console. It is a remake of the Game Boy game "Tetris". The game can save high scores, has two new modes, and three profiles for three separate players.

Super Mario Land 2: 6 Golden Coins

In 1994, "" was released. It is the sequel to "Super Mario Land 2: 6 Golden Coins".

Before "Super Mario Land", Mario had went away. While he was away, Wario took over Mario's castle. He takes the six golden coins from the castle and scatters them around to all the various worlds. When Mario comes back, he must travel to each world, get the coins back to open the door, and then face off against Wario.

This game features a save function and an easy mode. The game is a platforming game, with Mario running around six worlds (areas of the game) The game's power-ups are the Super Mushroom, (makes Mario big), Fire Flower, which lets Mario throw fire balls, the Super Star, and a new item called the Carrot, which turns Mario into a rabbit that can fly. 

Alkene

In organic chemistry, an alkene, olefin, or olefine is an unsaturated chemical compound containing at least one carbon-to-carbon double bond. The simplest alkenes, with only one double bond, no rings, and no other functional groups, are hydrocarbons with the general formula CH.

Aromatic compounds are often drawn as cyclic alkenes, but their structure and properties are different and they are not considered to be alkenes.

The double bond in the middle makes them more reactive because the molecule is not saturated. An alkene's unsaturation means that it will take the color out of bromine. The names of alkenes always end with -ene.

The following is a list of the first 10 alkenes:



The physical properties of alkenes are comparable with those of alkanes. The main differences between the two are that the acidity levels of alkenes are much higher than the ones in alkanes. The physical state depends on molecular mass (gases from ethene to butene - liquids from pentene onwards). The simplest alkenes, ethene, propene and butene are gases. Linear alkenes of approximately five to sixteen carbons are liquids, and higher alkenes are waxy solids. 

Alkenes are not used as fuels because:

Afrodisiac

Afrodisiac is the fourth studio album by American R&B/pop singer Brandy Norwood, released by Atlantic Records on June 28, 2004 outside North America and on June 29, 2004 (see 2004 in music) in Canada and the United States. It was mostly produced by Timbaland, with more production from Warryn Campbell, Organized Noise, Walter Millsap, Ron Feemster, Big Chuck, and Kanye West. A lot of critics liked the album, but it did not sell many copies. It has sold fewer copies than any other album she has made so far.

Boy (disambiguation)

A boy is a young male, usually human, or may refer to a man regardless of age.

Boy, Boys, The Boy, or The Boys may also mean:













Speaker for the Dead

Speaker for the Dead (1986) is a science fiction book by Orson Scott Card. It is a sequel to the novel "Ender's Game", and takes place around the year 5135, some 3,000 years after the events in "Ender's Game". Because of space travel, the main character Ender is only about 35 years old.

Like "Ender's Game", the book won the Hugo Award (1987) and Nebula Award (1986) for outstanding science fiction novel, making Card the first writer to win both of these awards two times in a row. "Speaker for the Dead" was updated in 1991. It was followed by "Xenocide" and "Children of the Mind".


Xenocide

Xenocide (1991) is a science fiction book that is third in the "Ender's Game" series. It was written by Orson Scott Card and was nominated for the Hugo Award for Best Novel in 1992. It was followed by "Children of the Mind".


Children of the Mind

Children of the Mind (1996) is the fourth, and currently the last, book of Orson Scott Card's popular "Ender's Game" series, a series of science fiction novels that focus on the character Ender Wiggin. Although Card has written some additional novels that take place with in the Ender Saga, they take place in the middle of the storyline and therefore are not sequals to "Children of The Mind".


Ender's Shadow

Ender's Shadow (1999) is a science fiction book that was written by Orson Scott Card. It is a parallel novel, which means it has a story that has some of the events in "Ender's Game" from the point of view of another character named Bean. This book was first titled "Urchin", but it was changed before release. "Ender's Shadow" is the first of a series that includes "Shadow of the Hegemon", "Shadow Puppets", and "Shadow of the Giant".


Shadow of the Hegemon

Shadow of the Hegemon (2001) is the second book in the "Ender's Shadow" series (also called the "Bean Quartet") by Orson Scott Card. It is also the sixth book in the Ender's Game series. It is told mostly from the point of view of Bean, a mostly minor character in the first novel "Ender's Game".


Bernard Haitink

Bernard Haitink (4 March 1929 – 21 October 2021) was a Dutch conductor and violinist. He won two Grammy Awards in 2004 and 2009.

Haitink studied music at the conservatoire in Amsterdam, the town where he was born. He started his career playing the violin in orchestras. Then he learned to conduct.

He became second conductor of the Netherlands Radio Union Orchestra in 1955. He then became chief conductor of the Netherlands Radio Philharmonic in 1957. On 7 November 1956 the famous conductor Carlo Maria Giulini was not able to conduct a concert of the Concertgebouw Orchestra so the young Bernard Haitink conducted instead. This helped him to become famous. Three years later he became a conductor of the Amsterdam Concertgebouw Orchestra and he stayed with them for a quarter of a century. In 1963 he became the main conductor of that orchestra, and in 1999 they gave him the title of honorary conductor.

Haitink has also had jobs outside the Netherlands. He was principal conductor of the London Philharmonic Orchestra from 1967 to 1979, music director at Glyndebourne Opera from 1978 to 1988 and at the Royal Opera House, Covent Garden from 1987 to 2002. He also held posts with the Dresden Staatskapelle and Boston Symphony Orchestra, and conducted many other great orchestras of the world.

In 1977, he was given an honorary knighthood in the Order of the British Empire.

Haitink had conducted music by many composers from different periods. He has recorded many great works for Phillips, Decca and EMI. In 2004 his recording of Janáček’s opera "Jenufa" was given the Grammy Award for the best opera recording.

Haitink had five children from his first marriage. He lived in Switzerland with his fourth wife, who used to be a viola player in the orchestra of the Royal Opera House.

Haitink died on 21 October 2021 in London at the age of 92.



Shadow Puppets

Shadow Puppets (2002), by Orson Scott Card, is the sequel to "Shadow of the Hegemon" and the third book in the "Ender's Shadow" series (often called the "Bean Quartet"). It was first going to be called "Shadow of Death".

Libération

Libération (also called Libé) is a French daily newspaper founded in Paris in 1973 by Jean-Paul Sartre.


Justice

Justice is a concept on ethics and law that means that people behave in a way that is fair, equal and balanced for everyone.

Governments, and especially the police and courts, see that the laws are obeyed in most societies. Because they can punish a person for not obeying the law, most people agree that laws should be fair and the same for everyone. But governments sometimes make laws that many people believe are not just. If many people believe this, people may lose respect for the law and may even disobey it. However, in democratic societies, the law itself has ways to change or get rid of these unjust laws.


Major (disambiguation)

Major derives from Latin maior, which means "greater". It is used in many contexts:



Shadow of the Giant

Shadow of the Giant (2005) is the fourth book in Orson Scott Card's "Ender's Shadow" series (sometimes called the "Bean Quartet").


Metropolitan Tabernacle

The Metropolitan Tabernacle is a large Reformed Baptist church in the Elephant and Castle in London. It was Charles Spurgeon's church for many years.
The tabernacle fellowship dates to 1650 when the English Crown banned Christian denominations other than Puritanism. Membership grew when freedom of religion came to England in 1688. The present London Tabernacle church building dates to 1898, albeit with extensive repairs of damage caused by the Blitzkrieg raids on London.

The Icemark Chronicles

The Icemark Chronicles is a series of books consisting of "The Cry of the Icemark", followed by "Blade of Fire", and "Last Battle of the Icemark". The books were written by Stuart Hill from Leicester. Fox 2000 Pictures have bought the right to create a movie based on the books. The first is planned for 2008.


Songmaster

Songmaster (1980) is a science fiction book by Orson Scott Card. The story of the "Songmaster" occurs in a future human empire, and follows Ansset, a young boy whose singing voice has the power of making people's feelings stronger. This makes him both a possible healer and destroyer. He is trained in the art of singing so perfectly that his songs can show ideas and feelings better than words. This book was based on Card's short story "Mikal's Songbird".

One reviewer said that "Songmaster" was "Quite possibly Card's best published work, ever." The publisher described the story as "...a haunting story of power and love—the tale of the man who would destroy everything he loves to preserve humanity's peace, and the boy who might just sing the world away".

As with some other Card novels ("Ender's Game", for example), this book started out as a shorter story "Mikal's Songbird", which was a Nebula Award finalist in 1978. "Songmaster" got the Hamilton-Brackett Memorial Award in 1981.



College football

College football is American football played by teams of students from different American universities, colleges, and military academies. Play between colleges first made American football popular in the United States. College football is still popular today among students, alumni, and other fans of the sport.
American Football is variation of Rugby introduced by Walter Camp.
The very first match between two college teams using new "American" variation of Rugby was played between Princeton and Rutgers University in 1869. First season of college football had only two matches played. The game became popular quickly in coming years.



Statistics

Rules

Eye for Eye

Eye for Eye (1987) is a science fiction novella (or short book) by Orson Scott Card. It first began in the March 1987 issue of "Asimov's Science Fiction" magazine. In 1990 it appeared in Card’s short story collection "Maps in a Mirror" and also as a Tor double novel, with "The Tunesmith" by Lloyd Biggle, Jr.. It won the Hugo Award for Best Novella in 1988.


Seventh Son (book)

Seventh Son (1987) is an alternate history and fantasy book written by Orson Scott Card. It is the first book in Card's "The Tales of Alvin Maker" series about Alvin Miller, the seventh son of a seventh son, who therefore has special powers. It was nominated for both the Hugo Award for Best Novel and the World Fantasy Award. The idea that the seventh son of a seventh son has special powers is common in folklore around the world.

Seventh sons have strong "knacks" (special powers), and seventh sons of seventh sons are both very rare and vert owerful. In fact, the young Alvin appears to be the only one to be currently in the world, and the only other one who known to have ever existed turned water into wine. Alvin's powers make him the target of the Unmaker, which recognizes Alvin's powers as those of a Maker, who can build and change things, and so the Unmaker tries to kill him.


Locus Award

The Locus Awards were started in 1971 and are given to winners of "Locus Magazine's" yearly readers' poll. Currently, the Locus Awards are given at a yearly banquet. Unusually, the publishers of winning works are given a certificate.

The first Locus Award was given in 1971 for works published in 1970.

The following writers have won the most awards in the "fiction" sections as of July 2005:





Nebula Award

The Nebula Award is an award given each year by the Science Fiction and Fantasy Writers of America (SFWA), for the best science fiction/fantasy fiction written in the United States.

The fiction Nebulas are awarded in the following categories:



Allergen

An allergen is something that causes allergies in humans.

Dust, pollen and pet dander are all common allergens. It is possible to be allergic to anything from chlorine to perfume. Food allergies are not as common, but some foods, like peanuts, nuts, seafood and shellfish cause serious allergies in lots of people.

Some common allergens could be:

Big Six

The term Big Six could mean:


The Big Six is the name of:

Bix Six is a nickname for:


Kurt Masur

Kurt Masur (18 July 1927 – 19 December 2015) was a German conductor. He conducted many of the world’s leading orchestras. He especially likes conducting German Romantic music.

Masur was born in Brieg, which was then part of Germany but is now called Brzeg and lies in Poland. He studied piano, composition and conducting in Leipzig.

His first important conducting job was with the Dresden Philharmonic Orchestra, with whom he worked from 1955 to 1958 and again from 1967 to 1972. He also worked with the Komische Oper of East Berlin. From 1970 to 1996 he was the Kapellmeister (musical director) of the famous Gewandhausorchester Leipzig.

Dresden and Leipzig both lie in what used to be the German Democratic Republic (East Germany). For years Masur worked faithfully for the communist leaders of that country. When the political situation started to change in 1989, he helped to keep the demonstrations peaceful by talking to the politicians and the people and stopping them from fighting.

In 1991, Masur became music director of the New York Philharmonic. He stayed there for over a decade, helping to make them one of the world’s finest orchestras.

From 2000 to 2007, Masur was principal conductor of the London Philharmonic Orchestra. From 2002 to 2008, Masur was music director of the Orchestre National de France.

On his 80th birthday (18 July 2007), Masur conducted musicians from both these orchestras at a Proms concert in London, conducting music by Tchaikovsky and Bruckner.

Masur enjoyed working with young musicians, conducting youth orchestras and giving masterclasses. He has given lessons on the art of conducting Beethoven’s music.

Masur has been married three times. His first wife, with whom he had a daughter, died in 1972 in a car accident. Masur himself was badly injured in that accident. Until his death, he lived with his third wife, Tomoko. They have a son, Ken-David, who has also become a conductor.

On 26 April 2012 Masur fell off the podium while he was conducting the National Orchestra of France at a concert in Paris. He was taken to hospital to recover from his injuries.

Masur died of Parkinson's disease at his home in Greenwich, Connecticut on December 19, 2015 at the age of 88.


Province of Lecco

Lecco is a province in the region of Lombardy in italy.

The highly coveted luxury locale is the central region of Lake Como, offering breathtaking views from the iconic tip of Bellagio to the picturesque expanses encompassing Tremezzo, Griante, Menaggio, Lierna, Fiumelatte, and Varenna.

Apartments in this sought-after area command prices ranging from 5,000 to 7,000 euros per square meter, with select penthouses fetching as much as 25,000 euros per meter. Non-independent villas typically range between 10,000 and 15,000 euros, while independent villas with lake views can exceed 25,000 euros per square meter. For rentals, a space of 80 square meters may incur costs of up to 7,500 euros per month, excluding condominium fees.

Lake Como has evolved today into a super-exclusive neighborhood of Milan, embodying opulence and sophistication in its real estate landscape.

Province of Lodi

Lodi is a province in the region of Lombardy in Italy.

Province of Mantua

Mantua (or ) is a province in the region of Lombardy in Italy.

2008 Sichuan earthquake

The 2008 Sichuan earthquake () was a big earthquake in China on May 12, 2008. Thousands of people were killed, thousands more people were missing and thousands were hurt. Millions of people were left homeless after their houses fell down. The earthquake could be felt 58 of kilometres away.

The earthquake was measured at 8.0M and 8.3 M by the China Seismological Bureau.

The earthquake happened at 2:d, at a depth of . The earthquake was felt in Beijing away and in Shanghai away. Tall office buildings in those cities shook with the tremor. The earthquake was also felt in nearby countries.

It is believed that 69,227 people died, 374,643 people were hurt, and 17,923 people listed as missing. (September 2008 numbers) The earthquake left about 4.8 million people homeless, though the number could be as high as 11 million. Approximately 15 million people lived in the affected area. It was the deadliest and strongest earthquake to hit China since the 1976 Tangshan earthquake, which killed at least 240,000 people.

52 big aftershocks, ranging in size from 4.4 to 6.0, were recorded within 72 hours of the main tremor.

Scientists worked out that the earth moved up to along the Longmen Shan Fault. This fault is about long and deep. The earthquake made the ground on the surface move more than . Japanese seismologist, Yuji Yagi, said that the earthquake took place in two parts. The fault tore in two sections, the first one moving about . In the second part of the quake the fault moved another .

The earthquake lasted about two minutes. It was powerful because it did not happen very deep under the ground. Many people were killed because there were so many people living above the epicenter. Teruyuki Kato, a seismologist at the University of Tokyo, said that the shock waves traveled a long way. The waves did not lose their power because of the hardness of the ground in central China.

A list of places that felt the earthquake::

The quake happened because a part of the earth's surface, called the "Indian plate", is slowly moving north. It is moving about every year. It crashes into the "Eurasian plate". This has pushed up the ground and made the Himalaya mountains. Some of the earth's crust gets pushed into Sichuan and southern China. This pushing has caused many earthquakes in China. The epicentre was in the mountains on the eastern edge of the Qing-Tibet Plateau. This is on the north west edge of the Sichuan Basin. The earthquake was caused by movement on a north east fault. This is the Longmen Shan fault, that runs along the edge of the basin.

Office buildings in Shanghai, including the Jin Mao Tower and the Hong Kong New World Tower, were evacuated (all the people were made to leave). Emergency services in Chengdu could not answer all the phone calls . Workers at a Ford plant in Sichuan were evacuated for about 10 minutes. The Chengdu airport was shut down. One SilkAir flight was sent to land in nearby Kunming instead. Cathay Pacific flights from Hong Kong to London were stopped. Chengdu airport reopened as the airport was used for relief operations.

Reporters in Chengdu said they saw cracks in walls of some buildings. In Beijing many office buildings were evacuated. This included the building with the media offices for the 2008 Summer Olympics. None of the Olympic venues were damaged. A train with 13 petrol tanks came of the railway tracks in Huixian County, Gansu Province, and caught on fire. The earthquake had twisted the rails.

All of the highways into Wenchuan, and others across Sichuan province, were damaged. This slowed down arrival of the rescue troops. In Beichuan county, 80% of the buildings collapsed. In Shifang, 2 chemical factories were damaged and leaked 80 tons of liquid ammonia. The Dujiangyan Irrigation System, a UNESCO World Heritage Site was damaged. This is an ancient water system which is still in use. The famous Fish Mouth was cracked.

Shanghai Stock Exchange and Shenzhen Stock Exchange stopped trading in companies based in south west China. The price of copper rose because production stopped. Oil prices dropped because people thought China would not need as much oil.

Half of the wireless communications were lost in the Sichuan province. China Mobile had lost more than 2,300 base stations due to lack of power and too many phone calls. China Unicom's service in Wenchuan and nearby areas were cut off, with more than 700 phone towers out of action.

Two pandas at a Giant Panda reserve were injured. Two others went missing after the quake.

The Zipingpu hydro power station, east of the epicenter, was destroyed. The dam wall cracked, and the buildings collapsed. The Tulong dam was in danger of bursting. About 2,000 troops were sent to Zipingpu, to try and release the pressure through spillway. In total, 391 dams, were damaged by the quake.

By May 18, 2008, 21 new lakes had formed in the Sichuan. This was because the earthquake blocked rivers. Villages had to be evacuated because of the flooding.

The Chinese government said the quake killed 69,181 people, including 68,636 in Sichuan province. There are 18,498 people listed as missing; 374,171 people were injured. This includes 158 workers who were killed in landslides as they tried to fix roads.

One rescue team found only 2,300 people still alive in Yingxiu. Before the quake there had been about 9,000 people there. In Beichuan county, 3,000 to 5,000 people were killed, 10,000 injured and 80% of the buildings were destroyed. Eight schools fell down in Dujiangyan.
A 56-year-old Taiwanese tourist was killed in Dujiangyan. He was trying to rescue 11 tourists trapped on the Lingyanshan Ropeway. Because of the earthquake, they had been trapped inside the cable cars.

Thousands of school children died because of badly built schools.
least 1,700 people. At least 7,000 school buildings collapsed. Another 700 students were buried in a school in Hanwang. At least 600 students and staff died at Juyuan Elementary School. Up to 1,300 children and teachers died at Beichuan Middle School.
Because of China's one-child policy, many families lost their only child. Officials in Sichuan province have removed the limit of one child for families whose only child was killed or badly injured. So-called "illegal children" under 18 years of age may be made a legal replacement for their dead brother or sister. This may be too late for some, as many of the parents are too old or unable to have children again.

On May 29, 2008, officials began looking at the ruins of thousands of schools that collapsed. They were searching for clues about why they fell down. Thousands of parents have said the government and builders did not build schools properly. Many other nearby buildings were not damaged. Parents of children killed in the schools say they have yet to receive any reports. Local officials told them not to protest but the parents demonstrated and demanded an investigation. The government censors have stopped stories of badly built schools from being published in the media. There has been an incident where police drove away the protestors.

Liu Shaokun (刘绍坤), a Sichuan school teacher, was arrested on June 25, 2008. He had been spreading "rumors and destroying social order" about the Sichuan Earthquake. Liu had gone to the Shifang (什邡) area, taken photos of collapsed school buildings, and put them online. He had also said he was angry at “the shoddy tofu buildings” in a media interview. He has been ordered to serve one year of re-education through labor (劳动教养) (RTL). Because of complaints from the other countries, Liu has been released to serve his RTL sentence outside of the labor camp.

Safety checks are to be carried out at schools across China. The National Development and Reform Commission are making new laws to improve building standards for primary and middle schools in rural areas.

Insurance companies have put their losses at US$1 billion from the earthquake. The total cost of damage could be more than US$20 billion. Chengdu, a city of 4.5 million people, had a value of about US$115 billion. Only a small part was insured.
The damage to buildings in the earthquake was because of Chinese building designs. China did not have earthquake building rules until after the big Tangshan earthquake in 1976. Older buildings, built before 1976, were not designed to stay up in an earthquake. News reports showed that the poorer, rural villages were hardest hit.

Chinese Communist Party's general secretary Hu Jintao said that help and assistance would be quick. Premier Wen Jiabao, immediately flew to the earthquake area to plan the rescue work.

The China's Health Ministry sent 10 emergency medical teams. The Chengdu Military Area Command sent 50,000 troops and police to help in Wenchuan County. A relief team of 184 people left Beijing:

Because of the mountains, the soldiers found it very difficult to get help to the rural areas.

Many rescue teams, including the Taipei Fire Department from Taiwan, said they were ready to help. It was difficult to move people into the hardest hit areas closest to the epicenter. It was not possible to reach the area because roads were damaged and blocked by landslides. People needed tents, medical supplies, drinking water and food. .

The small village of Sier could only be reached by walking. Landslides were a danger to a search and rescue group of 80 men. Each man carried about of relief supplies. The village is above sea level. The extreme mountain conditions meant they could not use helicopters. Over 300 Tibetan villagers were stranded in the ruined village without food and water. Commander Yang Wenyao's rescue group arrived after walking for 5 days, and helped the injured and stranded villagers down the mountain

Heavy rain and landslides made rescue efforts difficult. 20 helicopters were used on the first day to deliver food, water, emergency aid and carry injured people. The next day, 15,600 troops from the Chengdu Military Region joined the rescue force. Within 2 days telephones in the major town of Wenchuan were being fixed. 100 soldiers, along with relief supplies, parachuted into inaccessible Maoxian County, northeast of Wenchuan.
Three days after the quake, China's Premiere Wen Jiabao ordered another 90 helicopters. A total of 150 aircraft were used in relief work. This is China's largest ever non-combat airlifting operation.
After the earthquake, donations were made by people from all over China. People gave money at schools, banks, and gas stations. People also donated blood, resulting in long line-ups in most major Chinese cities.

China stated it would gratefully accept international help to cope with the quake. The Tzu Chi Foundation arrived from Taiwan on May 13. This was the first force from outside the People's Republic of China to join the rescue effort. 100 tons of relief supplies donated by the Tzu Chi Foundation and the Red Cross Society of Taiwan arrived in Chengdu by May 15.

Francis Marcus of the International Federation of the Red Cross praised China's rescue effort as "swift and very efficient". He said the size of the disaster was so big that "we can't expect that the government can do everything and handle every aspect of the needs". The "Economist" said that China reacted to the disaster "rapidly and with uncharacteristic openness". This was different to Myanmar's secretive response to Cyclone Nargis, which struck the country 10 days before the earthquake.

On May 16, rescue groups from South Korea, Japan, Singapore, Russia and Taiwan arrived to join the rescue effort. The United States shared some of its satellite images of the quake-stricken areas with the Chinese government. The US sent two U.S. Air Force C-17's carrying supplies, which included tents and generators.
The Internet has been used for passing information to help rescue and recovery in China. For example, the official Xinhua set up an online rescue request center in order to find the problems in disaster recovery. When rescue helicopters had trouble landing near the epicenter in Wenchuan, a student proposed a new landing spot online. Volunteers have also set up several websites to help store contact information for victims.

The State Council declared 3 days of national mourning (sadness) for the quake victims starting on May 19, 2008. The Chinese National Flag was raised to half-mast. It is the first time China had national mourning days for something other than the death of a state leader. Many people say it the biggest display of mourning since the death of Mao At 14:28 CST on May 19, 2008, one week after the earthquake, the Chinese public held a moment of silence. People stood silent for 3 minutes. Air defense, police and fire sirens, and the horns of vehicles, vessels and trains sounded. Cars on Beijing's roads stopped. After the silence, in Tiananmen Square, crowds began calling out "Long Live China".

The Ningbo Organizing Committee of Beijing Olympic torch relay stopped the relay for 3 days.

Chinese websites changed their front pages to black and white. Sina.com and Sohu, changed their homepage to news items only, and removed all advertisements. Chinese video sharing websites, youku and Tudou, had a black background and only showed videos about the earthquake. Other entertainment websites, including gaming sites, were blacked out. Other websites had links to earthquake donations.

Chinese TV stations made their logo in gray. They showed non-stop earthquake footage from CCTV-1. Even pay television channels, such as Channel V China, also showed earthquake footage. Some TV stations stopped showing commercials.
On May 18, CCTV-1 had a special 4 hour TV show called "The Giving of Love" (爱的奉献). Many famous people from China, Hong Kong, Singapore and Taiwan were on the show. People watching gave about 1.5 billion Chinese Yuan ($US 208 million) for the victims. The entertainers sang "Tomorrow Will be Better", followed by Faye Wong singing "Wishing We Last Forever".





Alvin Journeyman

Alvin Journeyman (1995) is an alternate history and fantasy book that was written by Orson Scott Card. It is the fourth book in Card's "The Tales of Alvin Maker" series and is about Alvin Miller, the seventh son of a seventh son, which gives him magical powers.


Province of Milan

Milan () was a province in the region of Lombardy in Italy.

Red Prophet

Red Prophet (1988) is an alternate history/fantasy book by Orson Scott Card. It is the second book in Card's "The Tales of Alvin Maker" series and is about Alvin Miller, the seventh son of a seventh son. "Red Prophet" was nominated for the Nebula Award for Best Novel in 1988 and the Hugo Award for Best Novel in 1989.

The second book in Card's "The Tales of Alvin Maker" series, "Red Prophet" is about Alvin Miller, the seventh son of a seventh son, which gives him magical powers; Lolla-Wossiky; Tenskwa-Tawa; and Ta-Kumsaw, Lolla-Wossiky's older brother.

It is a separate story, but the book continues and develops many of the themes shown in the first book. When Alvin Miller and his older brother Measure go to the place of his birth, where Alvin is supposed to become apprenticed to the Hattrack River blacksmith, the two brothers are captured by "Reds" (Native Americans) and are brought into a plot with the possibilities to affect the entire future of America.


Province of Pavia

Pavia is a province in the region of Lombardy in Italy.

Province of Sondrio

Sondrio is a province in the region of Lombardy in Italy.

Province of Varese

Varese is a province in the region of Lombardy in Italy.

Prentice Alvin

Prentice Alvin (1989) is an alternate history and fantasy book that was written by Orson Scott Card. It is the third book in Card's "The Tales of Alvin Maker" series and is about Alvin Miller, the seventh son of a seventh son (this gives him magical powers). "Prentice Alvin" was considered for the Nebula Award for Best Novel in 1989 and the Hugo Award for Best Novel in 1990.

After being released from his time with Ta-Kumsaw, an Indian leader who taught Alvin the ways of Indian people, Alvin sets out to start his apprenticeship as a Smith in the town in which he was born.

While there he meets a young half-black boy by the name of Arthur Stuart, the son of a slave and a slaveowner who has been taken in by the owners of the town's guesthouse.

Another new friend comes in the form of Miss Peggy Larner, who he later finds out that she is the "torch" who helped him to be born so many years ago, and he has been linked to her since that day.

Eventually, Alvin is forced into helping Arthur to escape from some slavehunters, which requires him to change Arthur's DNA enough to prevent the hunters fromage using their "knacks" (special powers) to find him. Alvin also creates a plow of living gold, which is bestowed with magic, as his journeyman works to release himself from his apprenticeship as a Smith and also as a Maker.

The story ends with Alvin and Arthur leaving the town and going back to Alvin's home in the west.


George Winston

George Winston (December 26, 1949 – June 4, 2023) was an American pianist. He was born in Michigan in 1949 but moved to Montana as a child. Most of his music was about the four seasons and landscapes in the United States.

He released his first album in 1972. Winston became popular with his 1980 album, "Autumn", which was followed by "Winter into Spring". His most successful album "December" was released in 1982. He released a total of 16 albums. His 1994 album "Forest" earned him a Grammy award. 

Winston had thyroid cancer, skin cancer, and myelodysplastic syndrome. He died from cancer on June 4, 2023 in Santa Cruz, California at the age of 73.




Octane

Octane is an organic compound with the chemical formula . It is an alkane with eight carbon atoms. It is commonly used in fuel. It is the most important part of gasoline, because it is the part that lets out most of the energy that comes from gasoline when it is burned. A "high octane" fuel will be better than a "low octane" fuel.

William Herschel

Sir Frederick William Herschel FRS (15 November 1738 – 25 August 1822) was a German-British astronomer, the greatest observational astronomer of the day. He is best known for discovering Uranus in 1781. He also discovered infrared radiation, binary stars, and published important catalogues of stars and nebulae. Herschel built many telescopes, including the largest in the world at that time.

Herschel was also a musician in his younger days. He played the cello, oboe, harpsichord and organ. He composed numerous musical works, including 24 symphonies and many concertos, as well as some church music. 

Herschel was born in the Electorate of Hanover, one of ten children. His father was of Jewish descent, and an oboist in the Hannover Military Band. In 1755 the Hannoverian Guards regiment, in whose band Wilhelm and his brother Jakob were engaged as oboists, was ordered to England. At the time the crowns of Great Britain and Hanover were united under George II. The next year the brothers resigned from the Guards band, and moved to London to avoid the Seven Years' War. Wilhelm, nineteen years old at this time, learnt the English language quickly. In England he went by the English version of his name, Frederick William Herschel.

Herschel's music led him to an interest in mathematics and lenses. His interest in astronomy grew stronger after 1773 and he made the acquaintance of the English Astronomer Royal Nevil Maskelyne. He started building his own reflecting telescopes and would spend up to 16 hours a day grinding and polishing the metal primary mirrors.

When he discovered Uranus, Herschel was not looking for a planet but doing a survey of stars; it was an accidental discovery.

It was the first discovery of a new planet since ancient times. The first five, Mercury, Venus, Mars, Jupiter and Saturn, are visible with the naked eye, and have been known since early history. Uranus was the first discovered by telescope. Actually, Uranus had been seen before by other observers with telescopes, but had been marked on charts as a fixed star. Herschel found it moved against the background of stars, and at first thought it was a comet. His measurements were used by the French mathematician Pierre Laplace, who worked out its orbit, and proved it was a planet.

Herschel called the new planet the 'Georgian star' (Georgium sidus) after King George III, which brought him favour; the name did not stick, however. In France, where reference to the British king was to be avoided if possible, the planet was known as 'Herschel' until the name 'Uranus' was universally adopted. The same year, Herschel was awarded the Copley Medal and elected a Fellow of the Royal Society. In 1782, he was appointed "The King’s Astronomer". He got a generous award from the king, which enabled him to stop work as a musician, and devote all his time to astronomy. The award was a life pension to Herschel of £200 a year, and £50 a year to Caroline. Work on the 40-foot telescope was also supported by a grant from the king.

During the course of his career, he constructed more than four hundred telescopes. He was helped in this by his brother Alexander who, like Caroline, spent all his time working as Herschel's assistant.

The largest and most famous of his telescopes was a reflecting telescope with a main mirror and a 40-foot (12 m) focal length. This was the world's largest telescope from 1789 until it was dismantled (taken apart) 50 years later. The mirror was made of a hard metal alloy of tin and copper, called 'speculum', which he polished by hand.

On 28 August 1789, his first night of observation using this instrument, he discovered a new moon of Saturn. A second moon followed within the first month of observation. However, the 40-foot telescope was awkward to use, and most of his observations were done with a smaller reflector. 

He continued his work as a telescope maker, selling many of them to other astronomers. Together with his pension from the king, the money helped support him and his two siblings in their work.

Herschel used to work with his sister Caroline Herschel. She recorded his observations as he made them. In 1783 he gave Caroline a telescope, and she began to make astronomical discoveries in her own right, particularly comets. 

Caroline discovered eight comets, three nebulae and, at her brother's suggestion, updated and corrected Flamsteed's work on the position of stars. This was published as the "British Catalogue of Stars". She was honoured by the Royal Astronomical Society for this work. Caroline also continued to serve as his assistant.

Herschel was the first to find out that some line-of-sight apparent double stars were actually true binary star systems where the two stars revolved around each other. This was the first evidence that Newton's laws of gravitation apply outside the Solar System. Herschel discovered 850 binary stars, and worked up the first catalogue of binary stars. His son John Herschel discovered many more, and extended the catalogue.

Herschel studied the changes in star position relative to the Solar System. Changes do occur, and quite rapidly for some nearby stars. Also, the whole Solar System moves, and this was discovered by Herschel.

From studying the proper motion of stars, he was the first to realize that the solar system is moving through space. He worked out the approximate direction of that movement. He also studied the structure of the Milky Way and concluded that it was in the shape of a disk. This was also a really significant discovery.

On 11 February 1800, Herschel was testing filters for the sun so he could observe sun spots. When using a red filter he found there was a lot of heat produced. 

Herschel discovered infrared radiation by passing sunlight through a prism and holding a thermometer just beyond the red end of the visible spectrum. This thermometer was meant to be a control to measure the ambient air temperature in the room. He was shocked when it showed a higher temperature than the visible spectrum. Further experimentation led to Herschel's conclusion that there must be an invisible form of light beyond the visible spectrum.

William Herschel and his wife Mary had one child, John. In 1816, William was made a Knight of the Royal Guelphic Order by the Prince Regent. 

Herschel died at Observatory House, Windsor Road, Slough, Buckinghamshire, and is buried at nearby St Laurence's Church, Upton. He died in his 84th year, which is the same number of years Uranus takes to orbit the Sun. His son John Herschel also became a famous astronomer. His sister Caroline returned to Hanover, Germany after the death of her brother. She died on 9 January 1848 at the age of 97.

His house at 19 New King Street in Bath, Somerset where he made many telescopes and first observed Uranus, is now home to the Herschel Museum of Astronomy.

Caiman

The Caiman is a subfamily of the Alligators. The alligators are divided into True alligators and caimans. Caimans and true alligators develop slower than the rest of the crocodiles. Their lifestyle is also slower. Because of this, they grow older than the other crocodiles. In total, there are 6 species of caimans. All of them live in South America, the Spectacled Caiman can also be found in Central America.

There are three groups:



Cluj County

Cluj is a county (judeţ) of Romania, in Transylvania. The capital of Cluj County is Cluj-Napoca. About 755,000 people live in Cluj County.

Cluj County has an area of 6,674 km².

Cluj County has 5 municipalities, 1 town and 74 communes.



Tangipahoa Parish, Louisiana

Tangipahoa Parish is a parish in the U.S. State of Louisiana. The parish was put together from parts of 4 other parishes in 1869. Before it was a parish, many slaves were forced to work on sugar plantations in the area. After the Civil War, the white people continued to be very violent towards the black people they had enslaved. All across the south, there were lynchings against black people. Tangipahoa Parish had more lynchings than any nearby parish. 


Quetzalcoatl

Quetzalcóatlus, or simply Quetzalcóatl (pronounced: ketsalˈkoːaːtɬ in Nahuatl), is an Aztec sky and creator god. The name is a combination of "quetzalli", a brightly colored Mesoamerican bird, and coatl, which means serpent; it is therefore usually translated as "feathered serpent" or "plumed serpent". Quetzalcoatl was often pictured as a snake with feathers, although he was sometimes shown in the form of a human. Quetzalcoatl was associated with the planet Venus, as well as being the patron god of the Aztec priesthood, of learning and of knowledge.

The name Quetzalcoatl was also taken on by several ancient Aztec leaders. Many events and characteristics attributed to Quetzalcoatl are therefore exceedingly difficult to separate from the political leaders who took his name. To name one leader Herman Cortes who sailed to the Aztecs to conquer and to steal their gold. Today Quetzalcoatl is arguably the best known Aztec deity but there were several other important Aztec gods too: Tlaloc, Tezcatlipoca and Huitzilopochtli. 

Other Mesoamerican cultures have worshipped a feathered serpent god as well: At Teotihuacan the several monumental structures have images of a feathered serpent (See the so-called "Citadel and Temple of Quetzalcoatl" ). One can see similar images at Chichén Itza and Tula. This has led scholars to conclude that the deity called Quetzalcoatl in the Nahuatl language was among the most important deities of Mesoamerica.

There are many legends associated with Quetzalcoatl. One legend said that the world had been created four times before, but each time it was destroyed again. Then Quetzalcoatl collected human bones from the underworld and added his own blood to bring them to life. He was therefore considered the creator of the humans living at the time of the Aztec Empire.

Another legend said that Quetzalcoatl had been banished, but that he would return from the east just before the end of the world. This legend has been used to support the idea that the Aztec leader Moctezuma thought that the Spanish "conquistador" Cortés was Quetzalcoatl returning from exile. This would also explain why Moctezuma treated the Spanish so well. However, most historians now think that this idea was invented by the Spanish, and that Moctezuma didn't really think that Cortés was a god.



Heartfire

Heartfire (1998) is an alternate history and fantasy book that was written by Orson Scott Card. It is the fifth book in Card's "The Tales of Alvin Maker" series and is about Alvin Miller, the seventh son of a seventh son, which gives him magical powers.


Pattern matching

Pattern matching is a tool for finding similar objects in different sources. In image processing, the pattern matching is used for locating a small image (called model) in a bigger one (called target image). For searching text, regular expressions are commonly used.

The simple way is to move the model in the target image and measure a similarity in each position. The position with highest value of similarity will be accepted as result. The normalized correlation is used as a measure of similarity. 

The common way to reduce calculations is using the image pyramid. When using the image pyramid, the search is started on the reduced target image, and results are improved in the next, more detailed one. This process is similar to the human vision.

The Crystal City

The Crystal City (2003) is an alternate history/fantasy book that is written by Orson Scott Card. It is the sixth book in Card's "The Tales of Alvin Maker" series and is about Alvin Miller, the seventh son of a seventh son (which gives him magical powers).


The Tales of Alvin Maker

The Tales of Alvin Maker is a series of books by Orson Scott Card about the experiences of a young man, Alvin Miller, who finds out that he has special powers to make and change things around him. It takes place in an alternate history of the American frontier in the early 1800s and is based on early American folklore and superstition.



Atlanta Falcons

The Atlanta Falcons are an American football team in Atlanta, Georgia. They are a member of the NFC South of the National Football Conference (NFC) in the National Football League (NFL). The Falcons joined the NFL as a 1966 expansion team. The Falcon's quarterback is Desmond Ridder. Their uniform is a red jersey with white pants. An old nickname for the Falcons is Red Birds. In their 42 years in the NFL, the Falcons have a record of 262-386-6 with division championships in 1980, 1998, 2004, 2010 and 2012. They have played twice in the Super Bowl. This was in 1999 in Miami in which they lost to the Denver Broncos and 2017 against the New England Patriots.

Their current stadium since 2017 is the Mercedes-Benz Stadium in Atlanta, Georgia. From 1992 through 2016, the Georgia Dome was their home stadium for 25 seasons before it was destroyed and replaced.


New Orleans Saints

The New Orleans Saints are a professional American football team in New Orleans, Louisiana, USA. The Saints play in the Southern Division of the National Football Conference (NFC) in the National Football League (NFL).

In 1980, the Saints became the first ever NFL team to finish with 1 win and 15 losses.

After a history of bad luck, the Saints won Super Bowl XLIV in the 2009 season off an interception from Peyton Manning by cornerback Tracy Porter. That was also meaningful because only about four years earlier the city was badly hurt when Hurricane Katrina came through in 2005. 

That was later tarnished as in 2012 they and defesnive coodinator Gregg Williams were exposed to have used a bounty stystem, in which players were paid to deliver especially hard/illegal hits to the opponent. Brees denied knowing of the system. The Saints soon recovered and won three straight NFC South division titles.

The team name was inspired by a popular Mardi Gras song called "When the Saints Go Marching In".

The Saints have several famous players including their starting quarterback Drew Brees. They also have running back Alvin Kamara, wide receiver Michael Thomas, defensive end Cameron Jordan, cornerback Marshon Lattimore, and two linebackers in Demario Davis and Kwon Alexander.

After drew Brees's 16 years with the Saints, he retired in the 2021 offseason. 



Los Angeles Rams

The Los Angeles Rams are a professional American football team in Los Angeles, California, United States. Originally known as the Cleveland Rams, and then later as the St. Louis Rams, they are currently in the Western Division of the National Football Conference (NFC) in the National Football League (NFL). The team has won two NFL Championships and two Super Bowls. Their starting quarterback is Matthew Stafford. They play at SoFi Stadium in Inglewood, California.

The Rams played in Cleveland, Ohio from 1936 to 1945, before moving to Los Angeles, California in 1946. The Rams stayed in Los Angeles until the 1995 season, when the team moved to St. Louis, Missouri and played there until 2015. In 2015, the team was sold and was moved back to Los Angeles. Stan Kroenke, the team’s current owner, met with other NFL owners to approve the move. The owners approved the Rams' move to Los Angeles with a 30–2 margin. The Rams returned to Los Angeles at the beginning of the 2016 season. The Rams have won the Super Bowl title in 1999, when they were established in St. Louis.

On May 31, 2009, the "St. Louis Post-Dispatch" reported that the Rams were up for sale. The sale price was not known, but "Forbes" magazine's estimated that the Rams' value was $929 million.



Gary Lightbody

Gary Lightbody was born on 15 June 1976 in Northern Ireland. He is the lead singer of the alternative rock band Snow Patrol. He first started Snow Patrol under the name "Polar Bears" while at the University of Dundee, Scotland, in 1994.

Analog Science Fiction and Fact

Analog Science Fiction and Fact is an American science fiction magazine. As of 2007, it is the longest currently published magazine of that genre. First published in 1930 in the United States with the name Astounding Stories as a pulp magazine, its name has been changed several times, such as Astounding Science-Fiction in 1938, and Analog Science Fact & Fiction in 1960.


Telephone numbers in the United Kingdom

Telephone numbers in the United Kingdom are as follows:

Numbers beginning 01 or 02 are normal phone numbers for home and business telephone lines. 
These numbers are always split into two parts:
Examples: (020) 7946 0018, (0117) 504 1102, (01632) 402881, (01647) 61321, (015394) 52749, (016977) 3789.

Numbers beginning with 03 are for businesses, government and other organisations that need a number not linked to any single part of the country. The law says they must always cost the same to call as normal 01 and 02 phone numbers from fixed telephones and from mobiles and be included in all call package bundles.


These numbers are for mobile phones and similar mobile services:

These are numbers that are charged at a different price to normal phone calls.

These are more expensive revenue-share numbers with a Service Charge of up to £1.50 per minute. These numbers are used to pay for services, for recorded information, for dating and for voting in competitions. The caller also pays an Access Charge to their own phone network and this varies from network to network.

Operator: 100

Police (non-emergency): 101

National Health Service (non-emergency): 111

Current time: 123 (not available from some mobiles)

Emergency services: 999 or 112

Telephone numbers in British Overseas Territories do not come under the UK telephone numbering plan. These calls are treated as international calls. Below are the access codes for the overseas territories:




Telnet

Telnet is a common network protocol used on the Internet and also inside a LAN (local network). It was developed in 1969 beginning with and is now defined as IETF STD 8, which is one of the first Internet standards. However, due to its lack of security, Telnet has been replaced with Secure Shell (SSH) on most servers.

Telnet is one of the simplest ways to exchange data between two computers. It allows two computers anywhere on a computer network, including the worldwide Internet, to exchange text and other data in real time. It is still widely used for testing computer programs, and is simple enough that it is included on most computers today. But it allows many people to eavesdrop on the data exchange, which is why it has mostly been replaced by SSH.

Ofcom

Ofcom(portemanteau of the words Office and Communcations) is the United Kingdom's regulatory body for telecommunications. This means they are responsible for making sure that the law is followed by television and radio broadcasters.

Manuel Marulanda

Pedro Antonio Marín, (1930-2008) known by his pseudonym, Manuel Marulanda Vélez, and nicknamed by his comrades "Tirofijo" (), apparently because of a reputed ability to accurately aim firearms. He was the main leader of the FARC-EP (""Fuerzas Armadas Revolucionarias de Colombia - Ejército del Pueblo""). He was born on May 13, 1930 (a date that has been disputed), in a coffee-growing region of west-central Colombia in the Quindío Department, to a peasant family politically aligned with the Liberal Party during La Violencia.

Marulanda himself changed his political and ideological inclinations to the Communist Party (PCC) sometime during the period of "La Violencia" (roughly 1948 to 1958) that followed the assassination of the Liberal Party's leader Jorge Eliécer Gaitán.

He has been considered to be seriously ill, and his death has been reported several times throughout his long career as a guerrilla, but the status of his health remains uncertain.

In March 2006, Alberto Gonzales, the Attorney General of the United States, announced in conjunction with DEA and Department of Justice officials that the State Department had placed a $5 million dollar reward on Tirofijo's head, or for information leading to his capture. 

According to a Brazilian journal, he seems to have sufffered from some form of cancer. There also seem to have been disputes on leadership (of the FARC) in January 2008.

His death has been reported several times; He seems to have died of a heart attack in May 2008 This has now been confirmed.

A Colombian newspaper published an interview with the defense minister of Colombia, Juan Manuel Santos on the 24th of May, 2008. In it, Santos said, that Colombian intelligence agents thought, that Manuel Marulanda had died on the 26th of March 2008, either of natural causes, or through a heart attack. FARC commander ‘Timochenko’ confirmed on May 25 Telesur that ‘Manuel Marulanda’ died of a heart attack, as announced earlier by the Colombian government and the Colombian armed forces

This information was confirmed on the 25th of May: Marulanda had died of a heart attack.

David Livingstone

David Livingstone (19 March 1813 – 4 May 1873) was a Scottish medical missionary with the London Missionary Society. He wanted to be a missionary, but he could not get many people to convert to Christian beliefs, so instead, he explored and charted much of southern and eastern Africa. He gave the Victoria Falls their name. He named them after his queen, Queen Victoria.

As an explorer, Livingstone had some advantages. He usually travelled lightly, and he was able to reassure chiefs that he was not a threat. Other expeditions had many soldiers armed with rifles, and even more people hired to carry supplies. They were often seen as military incursions or were mistaken for slave-raiding parties. Livingstone travelled on most of his journeys with a few servants and porters, bartering for supplies along the way. He only had a couple of guns for protection. He preached a Christian message but did not force it on unwilling ears. He understood the ways of local chiefs, and got permission to go through their territory. He was often hospitably received and aided, even by Mwata Kazembe.

Livingstone believed in trade, and wanted to see Christian missions established in central Africa. His motto on the base of the statue dedicated to him at Victoria Falls, was "Christianity, Commerce and Civilization". The reason he emphasised these three was that they would form an alternative to the slave trade, which was still rampant in Africa at that time. It would give the Africans some dignity when they met Europeans. The abolition of the African slave trade was his main hope. Around this time he believed the key to achieving these goals was the navigation of the Zambezi River as a Christian commercial highway into the interior. He returned to Britain to try to get support for his ideas, and to publish a book on his travels. The book brought him fame as one of the leading explorers of the age.

Livingstone died near a lake, in what is now Zambia.




Cincinnati Cyclones

The Cincinnati Cyclones are a ice hockey team in the ECHL (East Coast Hockey League). They used to be in the IHL (International Hockey League). The team plays in Cincinnati, Ohio. The Cyclones won a championship (the Kelly Cup championship) in the 2007–2008 season. This was the first time they had won a championship in 18 years.


Timor

Timor is an island at the south end of the Malay Archipelago, north of the Timor Sea. It is divided between the independent state of East Timor, and West Timor, belonging to the Indonesian province of East Nusa Tenggara.

The island's surface is 11,883 square miles (30,777 km²). The name is a variant of "timur", Malay for “east”; it is so called because it is at the east end of a chain of islands.

Biggar, South Lanarkshire

Biggar is a town in South Lanarkshire, Scotland. It is a royal burgh, which means a king or queen thought it was a very good town when Scotland still had its own royal family, the . There are many museums in Biggar as a tribute to the original rulers.

South Lanarkshire

South Lanarkshire is a county in the central part of Scotland. It was formerly called Clydesdale. The Strathclyde police currently governs the county.

Some towns in South Lanarkshire are:

North Lanarkshire

North Lanarkshire is a county in the central part of Scotland. It is small compared to nearby South Lanarkshire. The area was formed in 1996.





Motherwell

Motherwell is a large town in North Lanarkshire, Scotland. It is an important town as many people have to come through it to get to places such as Lanark, Hamilton and Glasgow.
Motherwell has a big train station with four platforms, the biggest in North Lanarkshire. The station can take you to places such as London. Motherwell is next to Wishaw.
Motherwell has a football team, Motherwell F.C.. They play at Fir Park.

Stirling engine

A Stirling engine is a kind of heat engine that converts heat into useful mechanical energy by the movement of a piston inside a cylinder within the engine. Unlike other commonly found heat engines such as the internal combustion engine used in cars and the steam engine used on railways, it re-uses the same gas for each stroke of the piston so there is no noisy exhaust. The same gas is repeatedly heated and cooled within the engine’s cylinder.
To run it needs a supply of heat to heat its hot parts. This can come from a fire, but also from the sun’s rays, from hot rocks near a volcano or from nuclear energy. It also has cold parts which cool the gas inside it and these are kept cold by a stream of air or water flowing over them.

It was invented by a Scottish minister, Reverend Dr. Robert Stirling in 1816.

Wishaw

Wishaw is a town in North Lanarkshire, Scotland. It is bordered by Motherwell and Carluke, and is split into several areas such as Netherton, Craigneuk, Newmains, Cambusnethan and Pather. 

One of only three hospitals in Lanarkshire is in Wishaw. Wishaw General Hospital is at the bottom of Wishaw, easy to find as it is on the main A721 road. 

The origin of the name is uncertain. One suggestion is that it is from the Scots word for "Wicket gate in the wood", and that it used to be called "Wygateshaw". Another theory is that it was originally "Viashaw", meaning way or road through the wood. Yet another theory is that the name derives from "Wee Shaw", meaning small wood. 

In November 1996, the world's worst recorded outbreak of "E. coli" occurred in the town, in which 20 people died and around 200 were infected.

Wishaw has had a number of famous residents, including:


FARC

FARC (or FARC-EP) is the abbreviation of Fuerzas Armadas Revolucionarias de Colombia - Ejército del Pueblo. This is the name of a guerrilla organisation operating in Colombia. The group says it has Marxist- Leninist roots. When the name of the group is translated into English, it usually reads "Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia – People’s Army".

The government of Colombia, the United States, Canada and the European Union<ref name="EU: Article 2(3) of Regulation (EC) No 2580/2001">Article 2(3) of Regulation (EC) No 2580/2001 EUR-Lex - 32004D0306 - EN. Accessed 20 February 2008.</ref> have classified the organisation as a terrorist group. Other countries, such as Ecuador, Brazil, Argentina, Chile, Cuba and Venezuela do not see the group as terrorist. They instead refer to the group as “insurgents”. Venezuelan President Hugo Chávez, for example, publicly rejected this classification of "terrorists" in January of 2008. He called on Colombia and other world governments to recognize the guerrillas as a "belligerent force". Chávez said that if they were recognised that way, they would then be obliged to stop kidnappings and terror acts in order to respect the Geneva Conventions.

The FARC was established in the 1960s as the military wing of the Colombian Communist Party. The group started as a guerrilla movement. It became involved with trading illegal drugs during the 1980s. This caused an official separation from the Communist Party and the formation of a political structure it calls the Clandestine Colombian Communist Party.
The FARC-EP still claims to be a guerrilla movement. According to the Colombian government, FARC has an estimated 6,000-8,000 members in 2008, down from 16,000 in 2001. Other estimates are higher, including up to 18,000 guerrillas, with the FARC themselves claiming in a 2007 interview that they have not been weakened.
The FARC-EP is present in 15-20 percent of Colombia’s territory. Most of them are in southeastern jungles and in plains at the base of the Andes mountains.

In June 2016, the FARC signed a ceasefire accord with the President of Colombia, Juan Manuel Santos in Havana. This accord was seen as a historic step to ending the war that has gone on for fifty years. On 25 August 2016, the Colombian president, Juan Manuel Santos, announced that four years of negotiation had secured a peace deal with FARC and that a national referendum would take place on 2 October. The referendum failed with 50.24% voting against. The Colombian government and the FARC on 24 November signed a revised peace deal, which the Colombian Congress approved on 30 November.

On 27 June 2017, FARC ceased to be an armed group, disarming itself and handing over its weapons to the United Nations.

Lanarkshire

Lanarkshire ("Siorrachd Lannraig" in Gaelic), also called the County of Lanark, is a county of Scotland.




Atoll

An atoll is a kind of island. It is made when a coral reef forms around an island that sinks over many years. In the end, the land is gone, and only the coral reef continues to grow until it becomes an atoll, a group of islands shaped like a doughnut. 

Charles Darwin, who is most famous for his theory of evolution, was the first person to find out how atolls form. He said that volcanoes in the ocean sometimes wear away or sink deeper. Coral growing on a volcano needs to be near the surface, and it keeps growing to stay there.

Most atolls are in the warm parts of the Pacific Ocean or the Indian Ocean.

Some island nations like Kiribati, Tuvalu, and the Federated States of Micronesia have atolls as all or part of their country. 


Province of Genoa

Genoa (or ) is a province in the region of Liguria in Italy.

Province of Imperia

Imperia is a province in the region of Liguria in Italy.

Province of La Spezia

La Spezia is a province in the region of Liguria in Italy.

Province of Savona

Savona is a province in the region of Liguria in Italy.

Evelyn Waugh

Evelyn Waugh (pronounce like the word "war") (28 October 1903 – 10 April 1966) was an English writer. He was born in Hampstead and raised in Golders Green, both in north-west London. 

Waugh is well known for his satirical novels which include "Decline and Fall", "Vile Bodies", "Scoop", "A Handful of Dust" and "The Loved One", and especially for "Brideshead Revisited" and the "Sword of Honour" trilogy. When he was writing these novels he used experiences that he had in his own life. He often described British aristocracy and high society, making satirical fun of them. However, in his real life he was also attracted to them.

Waugh was a convert to Catholicism. His travel writings and his diaries and letters have also been published.

He was the father of writer Auberon Waugh (1939-2001). 

Dima Bilan

Dima Bilan (; born Viktor Belan on December 24, 1981) is a popular Russian singer. Bilan was in the 2006 Eurovision contest. He sang the song "Never Let You Go." He finished in second place. In the 2008 contest, he came back with song "Believe" and he won with 272 points.

In February 2007 Bilan started to record his first international album in English in Los Angeles, Miami and in Philadelphia in collaboration with producer Jim Beanz and Ryan Tedder. One of the new tracks will be a duet with one of Timbaland's most successful artists, Nelly Furtado.


Thankerton

Thankerton is a village in South Lanarkshire, Scotland, close to Biggar and Lanark. It is at the bottom of Tinto, a hill.

Brideshead Revisited

Brideshead Revisited, The Sacred & Profane Memories of Captain Charles Ryder is a novel by the English writer Evelyn Waugh. It was first published in 1945. The novel deals with subjects such as religion, especially Catholicism, and the love of God. It tells the story of a family called Flyte. They are an aristocratic family. The story is told by a narrator called Charles Ryder.

"Brideshead Revisited" was made into a television serial for ITV, produced by Granada Television, in 1981. A movie of the book was made in 2008. The movie makes several changes to the story of the book. The movie is mostly about the relationship between Charles and Julia.

Charles Ryder, who tells the story, is a student at the University of Oxford. He makes friends with Sebastian Flyte, the younger son of an aristocratic family. Sebastian, who comes from a very rich family, takes Charles to his family's home, Brideshead Castle. Charles meets his family, including Sebastian's sister, Julia.

During the holiday Charles goes back to his home, where he lives with his father. During the holiday Sebastian has a small injury and Charles goes back to him. Sebastian and Charles spend the rest of the summer together.

Sebastian's family is Catholic. His father, Lord Marchmain, had been an Anglican, but he had converted to Roman Catholicism, his wife's religion. The family talk a lot about religion which surprises Charles, who had always thought that Christianity was not an important subject. Lady Marchmain, Sebastian's mother, is a very strict Catholic. She tries to control others by making them feel guilty. Sebastian finds comfort by drinking alcohol. He often gets drunk, and over a period of two years he has less and less to do with the Flyte family.

However, Charles is fated to meet the Flyte family again, and he falls in love with Julia, who by that time is married to a rich Canadian, Rex Mottram.

Charles's own wife has been unfaithful, so he plans to divorce her so that he and Julia can marry. However, Julia decides for religious reasons that it would not be right for her to marry Charles. As Lord Marchmain lay dying, he had received the sacrament of Extreme Unction. This act had also influenced Charles, who had been "in search of love in those days" when he first met Sebastian, "that low door in the wall...which opened on an enclosed and enchanted garden,", an important metaphor in the book. 

Charles became an architect. During the Second World War becomes an army officer. By chance he is billeted at Brideshead. It seems to him that builders do a useful job, even if there are problems sometimes.

Wilt Chamberlain

Wilton Norman "Wilt" Chamberlain (August 21, 1936–October 12, 1999) was a American basketball player. Chamberlain played in the NBA during the 1960s, and many people think he is one of the best players in basketball history. At 7 feet 1 inch, he was the tallest and heaviest player in the league for most of his career, and he was one of the most famous people in the game for many years. He is the first and only basketball player to score 100 points in an NBA game. Chamberlain led the league several times in points, accuracy, rebounds, and minutes. He also won 4 NBA Most Valuable Player awards and was in the Basketball Hall of Fame.

He won two NBA championships: the first in 1967, with the Philadelphia 76ers, and the second in 1972, with the Los Angeles Lakers. Chamberlain also played for several seasons with the Philadelphia Warriors and toured with the Harlem Globetrotters. In 1999, he died from congestive heart failure.

<br>


Kirkfieldbank

Kirkfieldbank is a village in South Lanarkshire, Scotland. It is close to Lanark. They, along with New Lanark, participate in the Lanark Lanimers. They have one primary school, Kirkfieldbank primary.

Jacqueline du Pré

Jacqueline du Pré (26 January 1945 - 19 October 1987) was an English cellist. Today she is thought of as one of the greatest cellists of all time. She is particularly remembered for her performances of the Elgar "Cello Concerto". She was still quite young when she became ill with multiple sclerosis and had to give up playing her cello.

Jacqueline du Pré was born in Oxford, England. Her father came from Jersey. His mother was a talented pianist who taught at the Royal Academy of Music. When she was four Jacqueline heard the sound of a cello on the radio and she told her mother she wanted "one of those." She started with lessons from her mother, who composed little pieces with little drawings. Then, when she was five, she went to the London Violoncello School . Her first teacher was Alison Dalrymple.

Soon she and her sister, who played the flute, were winning local music competitions. Du Pré’s main teacher, from 1955 to 1961, both privately and at the Guildhall School of Music in London, was the famous cellist William Pleeth. She took part in a masterclass with Pablo Casals in Zermatt, Switzerland in 1960, and had some lessons with Paul Tortelier in Paris in 1962, and with Mstislav Rostropovich in Russia in 1966. Rostropovich said that she was the only young cellist who could play better than he could.

In March 1961, when she was 16, du Pré gave her first concert at the Wigmore Hall, London, and she played the Elgar Cello Concerto in 1962 in the Royal Festival Hall with the BBC Symphony Orchestra conducted by Rudolf Schwarz. She performed at the BBC Proms in 1963 playing the Elgar concerto again, with Sir Malcolm Sargent. People liked it so much that she was asked to play it every year for three years. Du Pré performed at the Proms every year until 1969.

In 1965, when she was 20, she recorded the Elgar concerto for EMI with the London Symphony Orchestra and Sir John Barbirolli. This made her internationally famous. People still judge every cellist’s performance of this work by this recording by du Pré. 

She played with the world’s greatest orchestras and conductors, including the Berlin Philharmonic Orchestra, London Symphony Orchestra, London Philharmonic, New Philharmonia Orchestra, BBC Symphony Orchestra, New York Philharmonic, Israel Philharmonic, and the Los Angeles Philharmonic Orchestra. She regularly performed with conductors such as Barbirolli, Sir Adrian Boult, Sir Malcolm Sargent, Daniel Barenboim (her husband), Zubin Mehta, and Leonard Bernstein.

There were two cellos that Du Pré usually played. One was a Stradivari cellos, the Stradivarius made in 1673, and the other was made in 1712 and was called the Davydov Stradivarius. Both instruments were gifts from her godmother. She performed with the 1673 Stradivarius from 1961 until 1964 when she got the Davydov. Many of her most famous recordings were made on this instrument, including the Elgar Concerto with Barbirolli, the Robert Schumann Cello Concerto with Barenboim and the two Brahms cello sonatas. From 1969 to 1970 du Pré played a Francesco Goffriller cello, and in 1970 she got a modern instrument from the Philadelphia violin maker Sergio Peresson. It was the Peresson cello that du Pré played for the rest of her career until 1973, including a second, live recording of the Elgar Concerto, and her last studio recording in 1971 of the sonatas by Frederic Chopin and César Franck.

She often played chamber music with her husband Daniel Barenboim and her friends Yehudi Menuhin, Itzhak Perlman, Zubin Mehta, and Pinchas Zukerman. In 1969 a film was made when they played Schubert’s "Piano Quintet ("Trout")". There were also other films made of her playing.

Jacqueline du Pré met pianist Daniel Barenboim on New Year's Eve in 1966. They were married the following June (1967) at the Western Wall in Jerusalem. As her husband was Jewish, she converted to Judaism. They very often performed together, with Baremboim either playing the piano or conducting an orchestra. 

Jacqueline’s sister Hilary and her brother Piers later wrote a book about her called "A Genius in the Family". This was made into a film "Hilary and Jackie". In this film it was claimed that Jacqueline had had an affair with Hilary’s husband. They said that this had helped her at the time she was having a nervous breakdown. Hilary’s daughter later criticized the story and said that her father had made Jacqueline have sex with him.

In the early 1980s, Barenboim began an affair with the Russian pianist Elena Bashkirova, with whom he had two sons. This was kept secret from Jacqueline, who was very ill by that time.

In 1971, Jacqueline du Pré’s started to suffer from multiple sclerosis. She began to lose feeling in her fingers, as well as in other parts of her body. She stopped playing for a while. Then, in 1973, she started playing again, but she could not play so well. She performed the "Elgar Concerto" for her last London concerts in February 1973 with Zubin Mehta and the New Philharmonia Orchestra.

Her last public concerts were in New York in February 1973, where she was going to play four performances of the Brahms "Double Concerto" with the violinist Pinchas Zukerman, and Leonard Bernstein conducting the New York Philharmonic. Du Pré later said she had difficulty in opening the cello case. She was in the middle of a performance when her fingers could no longer perform. The last performance was cancelled.

In October 1973 it was confirmed that she had multiple sclerosis. During her last years she was in a wheelchair. She sometimes gave some masterclasses. She died of multiple sclerosis in London on October 19, 1987, at the age of 42.

Jacqueline du Pré was given many honours. She was made an OBE in 1976. After her death a rose was named after her by the Royal Horticultural Society. The music building of St Hilda's College, Oxford is named after her. She has left us many recordings of her playing.


New Lanark

New Lanark is the UNESCO World Heritage Site in the South Lanarkshire, Scotland.

New Lanark is a 18th century village and model industrial community with cotton mill buildings, workers' housing, and school. The small town was built by Robert Owen as an experiment in utopian idealism.

Between 1785 and 1968, some buildings were torn down or burned; and some new buildings were built. However, the overall appearance of the village stayed much like it was in the first half of the 19th century.

In 1975, the New Lanark Conservation Trust was established to prevent demolition of the village.

In 2001, New Lanark was named a World Heritage Site.



Master class

A master class is a lesson given by a famous musician or artist to a small group of students. Music students may often have the opportunity to have a masterclass with a famous musician. They will have prepared a piece of music to play to the teacher. There is usually an audience watching at a masterclass.

North Medwin River

North Medwyn is a river in the Lanarkshire area of Scotland. The North Medwyn is a tributary of the River Clyde. This means that it flows into the River Clyde.

South Medwin River

The South Medwyn is a river in the Lanarkshire area of Scotland. As it flows west it joins the River Clyde. The two rivers join about 1.5 km south of Carnwath.

List of rivers of Scotland

This is a list of rivers of Scotland, by geography and length (at the end):

"From Berwick-upon-Tweed to Duncansby Head (East Coast)"



"Isle of Skye"

"Mull"

"Islay"

"Dunnet Head to Mull of Kintyre"

"From Mull of Kintyre to Mull of Galloway"

"Arran and the Cumbrae Islands"



The eleven major rivers of Scotland, by length, are:

Hamilton, South Lanarkshire

Hamilton (, ) is a town in South Lanarkshire, Scotland. It is the where the council headquarters for South Lanarkshire are situated.

Province of Frosinone

The Province of Frosinone () is a province in the Lazio region of Central Italy. Its capital is the city of Frosinone.

The province of Frosinone was created in December of 1926 with territories of the Lazio and Campania regions.

The province of Frosinone has an area of , the third largest province of the Lazio region.

The province is in the southeast of the Lazio region. It borders to the north with the Abruzzo region (L'Aquila province), to the northwest and west with the Metropolitan City of Rome, to the east by the Molise region (Isernia province), to the southeast with the Campania region (Caserta), and to the south with the Latina province.

The highest mountain in the province is "Monte Meta" or, simply, "La Meta" (), with an altitude of ; it is on the border with the L'Aquila province.

The main rivers in the province are the Liri, long, and its tributary, the Sacco river, long.

There are 493,067 persons living in the province in 2017, for a population density of inhabitants/km².

Evolution of the population in the province of Frosinone

There are 91 municipalities (or "comuni") in the province; they are:
The largest "comune" is Veroli, with and the smallest is Vicalvi (). The "comune" with fewest people living in it is Acquafondata with 263 inhabitants.

The following table shows the 10 "comuni" with more inhabitants with their population, and their area and altitude.



Province of Latina

The Province of Latina () is a province in the Lazio region of Central Italy. Its capital is the city of Latina.

The province of Latina was created in December of 1934 with the name of Littoria.

The province of Latina has an area of , the smallest province of the Lazio region.

The province is in the southwest of the Lazio region. It borders to the north with the Frosinone province, to the northwest and west with the Metropolitan City of Rome, to the southeast with the Campania region (Caserta), and to the south with the Tyrrhenian Sea (Mediterranean Sea).

The highest mountain in the province is "Monte Petrella" (), with an altitude of .

In 2017, there are 574,891 persons living in the province, for a population density of inhabitants/km².

Evolution of the population in the province of Latina

There are 33 municipalities (or "comuni") in the province; they are:
The largest "comune" is Latina, with and the smallest is Ventotene (). The "comune" with fewest people living in it is Campodimele with 622 inhabitants.

The following table shows the 10 "comuni" with more inhabitants with their population, and their area and altitude.



Province of Rieti

The Province of Rieti () is a province in the Lazio region of Central Italy. Its capital is the city of Rieti.

The province of Rieti was created in January of 1927 with parts of the provinces of Rome and L'Aquila.

The province of Rieti has an area of , the second smallest province of the Lazio region.

The province is in the northeast of the Lazio region. It borders to the west, along the Tiber river, with the Viterbo province and the Rome, to the north with the Umbria region (provinces of Perugia and Terni), and to the east by Province of Ascoli Piceno in the Marche region, and with the provinces of L'Aquila and Teramo in the Abruzzo region.

The territory of the province is mostly mountainous with the "Monti Sabini" and "Monti Reatini" to the north, on the border with the Umbria region; the "Monti Terminillo" and the "Monti della Laga" to the east; and the "Monti del Cicolano" and "Monti della Duchessa" to the southeast.

The highest mountain in the province is Monte Gorzano (), in the "Monti della Laga" in the eastern part of the province along the border with the Teramo province, with an altitude of .

The main rivers in the province are:

There are several artificial lakes; the largest is the "Lago del Salto" with an area of .

, there are 157,429 persons living in the province, for a population density of inhabitants/km².

Evolution of the population in the province of Rieti

There are 73 municipalities (or "comuni") in the province; they are:
The largest "comune" is Rieti, with and the smallest is Frasso Sabino (). The "comune" with fewest people living in it is Marcetelli with 89 inhabitants.

The following table shows the 10 "comuni" with more inhabitants with their population, and their area and altitude.



Province of Rome

Rome () was a province in the region of Latium (or ) in Italy.

Derren Brown

Derren Victor Brown (born 27 February 1971) is an English magician, psychological illusionist, "mentalist", and painter. He was born in Croydon, south London. Brown studied law and German at the University of Bristol. In 1996, he started doing stage shows. He is especially known for "close-up magic", where the subject is, for example, sitting at a table opposite the performer.

"Trick of the Mind", "Trick or Treat" and "The System" are some of his television programmes shown on Channel 4.

Brown is openly gay. He was an Evangelical Christian in his teens, and became an atheist in his twenties. This is discussed by Brown in the "Messiah" special, and in his book "Tricks of the Mind". An interview as part of Richard Dawkins' two-part documentary series "The Enemies of Reason", where Brown explained various psychological techniques used by purported psychics and spiritual mediums to manipulate their audiences, Brown also said he sought to strengthen his belief and provide answers to common criticisms of religion by reading the Bible and other Christian religious texts. He found none of the answers he sought and came to the conclusion that his belief (in Christianity) had no basis.


The psychological element in Brown's scenarios seems clear.


Fall of a Kingdom

Fall of a Kingdom is the first book in the "Farsala" Trilogy by American author Hilari Bell. It was previously called "Flame!" It is also called "The Book of Sorahb" in the series.

Rise of a Hero

Rise of a Hero is a fantasy book that was written in 2005 by Hilari Bell. It is the second book in the Farsala Trilogy.

Forging the Sword

Forging the Sword is a fantasy book that was written by Hilari Bell. It is the third and last book in the Farsala Trilogy.

Farsala Trilogy

The Farsala Trilogy is a series of three fantasy books that are written by Hilari Bell. The books follow the story of Jiaan, Kavi, and Soraya as they try to defeat the Hrum Empire.


Watchtower

A watchtower or watch tower is a tower used for surveillance. They were used at city walls to see invaders, when they were far away, so the city could prepare for an attack. A watchtower is also used for watching over people (like a town or a city). Watchtowers were popular in the Middle Ages. They are still often used to watch over prisoners and make sure that they don't escape or leave the area. Forestry uses watchtowers to find fires before they become more dangerous.

Hilari Bell

Hilari Bell (born in 1958) is an American fantasy writer. She is the writer of several science-fiction and fantasy books including the "Farsala Trilogy".






Argeș County

Argeș () is a county (judeţ) of Romania, in Wallachia. The capital of Argeș County is Piteşti.

This county has a total area of 6,862 km².

The main river that croses the county is the Argeș River. In the south, the main rivers are the Vedea River and the Teleorman River.

The main sights of Argeș County include:

Argeș County has 3 municipalities, 4 towns and 95 communes.



List of rivers of Moldova

This is a list of rivers of Moldova:


List of rivers of Croatia

This is a list of rivers of Croatia, by length:

List of rivers of Bulgaria

This is a list of rivers of Bulgaria:


Note: in Bulgarian, "reka" means "river".

Henry A. Wallace

Henry Agard Wallace (October 7, 1888 – November 18, 1965) was the 33rd vice president of the United States (1941–45). He was also the eleventh Secretary of Agriculture (1933–40). In addition, he was the tenth Secretary of Commerce (1945–46). In 1948, he ran for president as a member of the Progressive Party.

Cumulonimbus cloud

Cumulonimbus (Cb) is a type of cloud that is tall, dense, and involved in thunderstorms and other intense weather. When seen in a storm, it may be called "thunderhead". The clouds can form alone, in clusters, or along a cold front in a squall line, a line of strong winds. Cumulonimbus clouds form from cumulus clouds (namely from cumulus congestus cloud) and can further develop to a supercell, a severe thunderstorm with special features. Cumulonimbus clouds are the source of most tornadoes.

Vertical draft

An updraft or downdrafts is the vertical movement of air as weather causes two forces to move.

Molecular cloud

A molecular cloud is a kind of cloud in space. It has enough density and size so that molecules can form, usually molecules of hydrogen (H). Molecular hydrogen is not easy to find. Instead astronomers use infrared telescopes and radio telescopes to look for CO (carbon monoxide). This lets them find the hydrogen molecules that are also there.

Covasna County

Covasna (, ) is a county (judeţ) of Romania, in Transylvania. The capital of Covasna County is Sfântu Gheorghe.

Covasna County has an area of 3,710 km².

Covasna County has 2 municipalities, 3 towns and 40 communes. The places have an absolute and relative Hungarian majority, Hungarian names of them are given in parenthesis.




Phoenix (spacecraft)

Phoenix was a robotic spacecraft on a space exploration mission on Mars to search water and life there under the Mars Scout Program.It was launched from Florida on 4 Aug 2007 and landed safely on Mars on 25 May 2008.

Mission scientists used instruments aboard the lander to search for environments suitable for microbial life on Mars, and to research the history of water there. It found that there was water in the soil on Mars. 

The mission ended on November 10, 2008.

Bacău County

Bacău () is a county (judeţ) of Romania, in Moldavia. The capital of Bacău County is Bacău, with a population of about 130,000 people.

Bacău County has an area of 6,621 km².

Bacău County has 3 municipalities, 5 towns and 80 communes.



Bihor County

Bihor (), in Hungarian: "Bihar" (), is a county (judeţ) of Romania, in Crişana. The capital of Bihor County is Oradea.

Bihor County has an area of 7,544 km².

Bihor County has 4 municipalities, 6 towns and 90 communes.



Semi-presidential system

The semi-presidential system is a system of government where both the prime minister and the president run the day-to-day affairs of the state, but often the president has more powers than the prime minister.

Unitary state

A unitary state is a state whose three organs of state are ruled constitutionally as one unit, with central legislature. It differs from a federal state, in which the authority is divided between the head (for example the central government of a country) and the political units governed by it (for example the municipalities or provinces of the country), and also granting some degree of autonomy to those political subdivisions (e.g. As the permission to create their own regional laws, for example).
These are examples of unitary states:




List of mountains in Romania

This is an (incomplete) list of mountains in Romania. 12 mountains are taller than 2,500 meters in Romania:

Oltenia

Oltenia is a historical province and area of Romania, in the western part of Wallachia. Oltenia includes the counties:

Exploration of Mars

The exploration of Mars has been an important part of the space exploration programs of several countries. 

Dozens of robotic space probes, including orbiters, landers, and rovers, have been launched toward Mars since the 1960s. 

Dojo

A dojo (道場) is a Japanese term which literally means "place of the Way". Dojo are sometimes added on to temples.

The term can refer to a training place for any of the Japanese arts but it is considered the formal gathering place for students of a martial arts style to train, take exams and fight.


Gorj County

Gorj () is a county (judeţ) of Romania, in Oltenia. The capital is Târgu Jiu.

Gorj county has an area of 5,602 km². The main river, which collects all the smaller rivers, is the Jiu River.

Gorj County has 2 municipalities, 6 towns and 61 communes.


in descending order of size

Dolj County

Dolj () is a county (județ) of Romania, in Oltenia. The capital is Craiova (population: 314,437).

Dolj County has an area of 7,414 km².

Dolj County has 3 municipalities, 4 towns and 104 communes.



Moldoveanu Peak

Moldoveanu Peak (Romanian: "Vârful Moldoveanu") is the highest mountain in Romania. It is in the Făgăraş Mountains of the Southern Carpathians.

The most-used paths to reach Moldoveanu are over the Vistea Mare Peak (2527m), by paths coming from Podragu, Sambata, or by the Vistea Valley. 
The closest locality is Victoria, on the north side. On the south side it is accessible from northwest of Câmpulung.

Făgăraş Mountains

Făgăraş Mountains are the highest mountains of the kathmandu, in Nepal. The highest peaks are Moldoveanu (2544 m), Negoiu (2535 m), Viştea Mare (2527 m), Lespezi (2522 m), Vânătoarea lui Buteanu (2507 m), and Dara (2501 m).

Southern Carpathians

The Southern Carpathians (), also called the Transylvanian Alps, are a group of mountain ranges. They divide central and southern Romania, on one side, and Serbia, on the other side. They cover part of the Carpathian Mountains that is between the Prahova River in the east and the Timiş and Cerna rivers in the west. To the south they are bounded by the Balkan mountain range of Serbia.

Vistea Mare

Viştea Mare is a mountain peak in the Făgăraş Mountains of the Southern Carpathians of Braşov county in Romania. It has an altitude of . It is the third highest peak in Romania.

Victoria, Brașov

Victoria is a town in the western part of Brașov County, Romania, near the Făgăraş Mountains. It has a population of about 10,900 people.

Câmpulung

Câmpulung, or Câmpulung Muscel, is a city in Argeş County, Romania.

Saving

In common usage, saving generally means putting money aside, for example, by putting money in a bank savings account or investing in a pension plan. It involves using less money or not using money at all.
In a broader sense, saving is typically used to refer to economizing, cutting costs, or to rescuing someone or something.

Time deposit

A time deposit (also known as a term deposit, particularly in Canada, Australia and New Zealand) is a money deposit at a banking institution that cannot be withdrawn for a certain "term" or period of time.

Craiova

Craiova (), the fifth largest Romanian city, is the capital of Dolj County. It is on the east side of the Jiu River. This is in the central part of Oltenia.


Târgu Jiu

Târgu Jiu (also spelled Tîrgu Jiu) is the capital of Gorj County, Oltenia, Romania. It is found on the shores of the Jiu River. It has a population of 101,562 people as of the year 2002.

Mineral exploration

Mineral exploration is the process undertaken by companies, partnerships or corporations in finding ore (commercially viable concentrations of minerals) for mining. Mineral exploration is intensive, organised and professional mineral prospecting and, though it frequently uses the services of prospecting, the process of mineral exploration on the whole is much more involved. Work includes finding, testing, and surveying the deposit, and determining the value and cost of exploiting it.

Prospecting

Prospecting is the physical search for minerals, fossils, precious metals or mineral specimens. It is also known as fossicking or, on a large scale, as mineral exploration.

Searching

Searching and search can mean:







Cycloalkane

Cycloalkanes are hydrocarbons with the carbon atoms connected in a circle with each atom, in simple forms, connected to two hydrogen atoms. all cycloalkane are isomers of alkene.

Here is a list of the first ten Cycloalkanes:

Isomer

An isomer in chemistry is a chemical compound that has the same molecular formula as another, but it has a different arrangement of atoms in space. In other words, isomers are compounds with the same molecular formula but different structural formula. Different isomers have different chemical properties (that is, they may look, or smell, or taste different from each other). 

There are two main categories: stereoisomers and structural isomers. Structural isomers are isomers with the atoms making up the molecule joined together in different ways. Structural isomers can be classified further as chain isomers, position isomers, function group isomers, tautomers metamers and ring chain isomers.

Stereoisomers have different positions of atoms in space and are much more subtle than structural isomers. See enantiomer for stereoisomers that are related to each other by a reflection: they are mirror images of each other that are non-superimposable. 

Huitzilopochtli

In Aztec mythology, Huitzilopochtlius, also spelled Uitzilopochtlius, was a god of war, a sun god, and the patron of the city of Tenochtitlan. He was given human hearts and blood of their enemies and slaves as a sacrifice.

The legend of Huitzilopochtli is recorded in the Mexicayotl Chronicle. His sister, Coyolxauhqui, tried to kill their mother. Her offspring, Huitzilopochtli, learned of this plan while still in the womb, and before it was put into action, sprang from his mother's womb fully grown and fully armed and killed his sister Coyolxauhqui, together with many of his 400 brothers and sisters. He then tossed his sister's head into the sky, where it became the moon, so that his mother would be comforted in seeing her daughter in the sky every night. He also threw his other brothers and sisters into the sky, where they became the stars.



Tezcatlipoca

Tezcatlipocaus ( was a central deity in Aztec mythology. He was associated with many concepts. Some of these are the night sky, the night winds, hurricanes, the north, the earth, obsidian, , , rulership, divination, temptation, , beauty, war and . His name in the Nahuatl language is often translated as "Smoking Mirror" because of his connection to obsidian, the material from which mirrors were made in Mesoamerica and which was used for shamanic rituals. 

He had many names in context with different aspects of his deity: Titlacauan ("We are his Slaves"), Ipalnemoani ("He by whom we live"), Necoc Yaotl ("Enemy of Both Sides"), Tloque Nahuaque ("Lord of the Near and the Nigh") and Yohualli Èecatl (Night, Wind), Ome acatl ("Two Reed"), Ilhuicahua Tlalticpaque ("Possessor of the Sky and Earth").

On pictures he was usually drawn with a black and a yellow stripe painted across his face. He is often shown with his right foot replaced with an obsidian mirror or a snake - an allusion to the creation myth in which he loses his foot battling with the Earth Monster. Sometimes the mirror was shown on his chest, and sometimes smoke would come from the mirror. Tezcatlipocas Nagual, his animal counterpart, was the jaguar and his Jaguar aspect was the deity Tepeyollotl "Mountainheart". 

The Tezcatlipoca figure goes back to earlier Mesoamerican deities worshipped by the Olmec and Maya. Similarities exist with the patron deity of the K'iche' Maya as described in the Popol Vuh. A central figure of the Popol Vuh was the god Tohil whose name means "obsidian" and who was associated with sacrifice. Also the Classic Maya god of rulership and thunder known to modern Mayanists as "God K", or the "Manikin Scepter" and to the classic Maya as "K'awil" was shown with a smoking obsidian knife in his forehead and one leg replaced with a snake.

Tezcatlipoca was often described as a rival of another important god of the Aztecs, the culture hero, Quetzalcoatl. In one version of the Aztec creation account the myth of the Five Suns, The first creation, "The sun of the Earth" was ruled by Tezcatlipoca but destroyed by Quetzalcoatl when he struck down Tezcatlipoca who then transformed into a jaguar. Quetzalcoatl became the ruler of the following creation "Sun of Water", and Tezcatlipoca destroyed the third creation "The Sun of Wind" by striking down Quetzalcoatl. 

In later myths, the four gods who created the world, Tezcatlipoca, Quetzalcoatl, Huitzilopochtli and Xipe Totec were referred to respectively as the Black, the White, the Blue and the Red Tezcatlipoca. The four Tezcatlipocas were the sons of Ometecuhtli and Omecihuatl, lord and lady of the duality, and were the creators of all the other gods, as well as the world and man. 




Tezcatlipoca (disambiguation)

Tezcatlipoca ([teskatɬiˈpoːka]) was a central deity in Aztec religion.

"Tezcatlipoca" may also mean:<br>


Province of Viterbo

The Province of Viterbo () is a province in the Lazio region of Central Italy. Its capital is the city of Viterbo.

The province is also called "Tuscia".

The province of Viterbo was created in January of 1927 with part of the old "Province of Rome". In March of the same, the comune of Monte Romano.

In 1928, five "comuni" were added: Montalto di Castro, Monterosi, Nepi, Oriolo Romano and Tarquinia.

The province of Viterbo has an area of , making it the second largest province of the Lazio region.

The province is bordered to the northwest with Tuscany (Grosseto and Siena provinces), to the northeast with Umbria (Terni province), to the east with the Rieti province and to the south with Rome. The Tyrrhenian Sea is to the west.

The province is in the northwest of the Lazio region. Most of the territory of the province is flat or with small hills. The highest mountain in the province is Monte Cimino (), in the southern part of the province, with an altitude of .

The main river in the province is the Tiber that forms the border between the Umbria (province of Terni) and Lazio (province of Viterbo) regions.

There are several lakes; the largest is the Bolsena lake with an area of .

The following shows the "comuni" of the province with more of 9,000 people living in them (1 January 2017).

The largest "comune" is Viterbo, with and the two smallest are Calcata () and Villa San Giovanni in Tuscia (). The "comune" with fewest people living in it is Tessennano with 339 inhabitants.

In 2017, there are 319,008 persons living in the province, for a population density of inhabitants/km².
Evolution of the population in the Viterbo province



North London

North London is the northern part of London, England. The area it covers is defined differently for a range of purposes.

Province of Gorizia

Gorizia is a province in the region of Friuli-Venezia Giulia in Italy.


Tezcatlipoca (DC Comics)

Tezcatlipoca is a fictional character who appeared in the DC Comics' series Wonder Woman and is a god from Aztec mythology. Tezcatlipoca II is a character who appeared in the series Green Arrow and is a hybrid of human and jaguar, a werejaguar.

Province of Trieste

The Province of Trieste (, ) is a province in the autonomous Friuli-Venezia Giulia region of Italy. Its capital is the city of Trieste. It has an area of 212 km², and a total population of 242,235 (2001). It has a coastal length of 48.1 km. There are 6 communes in the province.

Province of Udine

The Province of Udine (, "Friulian Provincie di Udin") is a province in the autonomous Friuli-Venezia Giulia region of Italy, bordering Austria and Slovenia. Its capital is the city of Udine.

Province of Pordenone

The Province of Pordenone () is a province in the autonomous region of Friuli-Venezia Giulia in Italy. Its capital is the city of Pordenone. Before 1968 it was part of the Province of Udine.

Province of Bologna

Bologna is a province in the region of Emilia-Romagna in Italy.

Province of Ferrara

The province of Ferrara () is a province in the Emilia-Romagna region in Northeast Italy, on the Adriatic Sea. Its capital is the city of Ferrara.

The province of Ferrara is the most northerly province in the Emilia-Romagna region. It has an area of . The provincial capital, the city of Ferrara, is on a branch of the Po river and at about northeast of Bologna, the capital of the region.

The province is bordered to the north by the province of Rovigo in the Veneto region, to the northwest by the province of Mantua in Lombardy, to the west by the Modena and Bologna provinces, to the south by the province of Ravenna and to the east by the Adriatic Sea.

The province is completely flat, with an altitude that goes from 0 m to less than high in the west of the province, on the border with the Modena province. Most "comuni" have less of of average altitude; the "comune" with a higher average altitude is Sant'Agostino.

The main rivers in the province are the Po and the Reno. The Po forms the north border of the province with the province of Rovigo. In Ferrara, the river has three main branches: the "Po di Volano", that flows through the city of Ferrara, the "Po di Primaro" and the "Po di Goro".

The Reno river is the longest of the region without being a tributary of the Po.

The main lakes in the province are the "Lago delle Nazioni" ("Nation's Lake), an artificial lake, and the "Lago del Quaternario".

There are 348,362 persons living in the province (January 2017), for a population density of inhabitants/km².

Evolution of the population in the province

The following shows the 23 "comuni" (municipalities) with the population, and the area and altitude.

Province of Forlì-Cesena

The province of Forlì-Cesena () is a province in the Emilia-Romagna region in northeastern Italy, on the Adriatic Sea. Its capital is the city of Forlì.

The province was created as "Province of Forlì" with the car plates "FO".

In 1992, the southern part of the province was separated to form the new Province of Rimini and the name of the province was changed to the present of Province of Forlì-Cesena and the car plates were changed in 1999 to "FC".

The ISO 3166-2 of the province was also changed to "FC" in 2010.

The province of Forlì-Cesena has an area of . It is, together with the Rimini province, the most southerly of the provinces in the Emilia-Romagna region; it has a short coast along the Adriatic Sea.

The provincial capital, the city of Forlì, is along the Montone river and at about southeast of Bologna, the capital of the region.

The province is bordered to the north by the province of Ravenna, to the northwest by the province of Mantua in Lombardy, to the west by the province of Florence province in Tuscany, to the south by the province of Arezzo, also in Tuscany, to the southeast by the Rimini and to the east by the Adriatic Sea.

In the province there are two main protected areas:

There are 394,067 persons living in the province (January 2017), for a population density of inhabitants/km².

The following shows the 30 "comuni" with the population, and the area and altitude.


Province of Modena

The Province of Modena () is a province in the Emilia-Romagna region of Italy in northeastern Italy. Its capital is the city of Modena.

Modena is a landlocked (it does not border the ocean) province in central Emilia-Romagna. It has an area of .

The provincial capital, the city of Modena, is surrounded by two rivers, both right tributaries of the Po river: the "Secchia" and the "Panaro". The city is at about of Bologna, the capital of the region.

The province is bordered to the north by Lombardy (Mantua province), to the east by the Ferrara province and the Metropolitan City of Bologna, to the west by the Reggio Emilia province and to the south by Tuscany (Lucca and the Pistoia provinces).

The highest mountain in the province is Monte Cimone (); it is ., the highest mountain in the Emilia-Romagna region and of the northern Apennines. There is a regional park, "Parco regionale dell'Alto Appennino Modenese", around this mountain.

There are 700,862 persons living in the province (January 2017), for a population density of inhabitants/km².

The following shows the "comuni" of the province with more of 10,000 people living in them (1 January 2017).


Province of Parma

The Province of Parma () is a province in the Emilia-Romagna region of Italy. Its largest town and capital is the city of Parma.

The province of Parma has an area of . The territory of Parma is divided into three zones from north to south:

The main towns of the "collina" and "montagna" are along the course of the main rivers that flow from the Apennine Mountains in the province and then into the Po river.

The province is bordered to the north by Lombardy (Mantua and Cremona provinces), to the east by the Reggio Emilia province, to the south by Tuscany (Massa-Carrara province) and Liguria (La Spezia province and the Metropolitan City of Genoa), to the west by the Piacenza province.

The main rivers in the province are the Taro, Parma and Ceno.

The main lakes in the province are in the mountains; two of them are:


The highest mountains in the province are:

Among the protected areas in the province are the "Parco regionale delle Valli del Cedra e del Parma" (called also as "Parco dei Cento Laghi") and the "Parco nazionale dell'Appennino Tosco-Emiliano".

There are 448,899 persons living in the province (January 2017), for a population density of inhabitants/km². The communes with more inhabitants are Parma (194,417 inhabitants) and Fidenza (26,826 inhabitants). The commune with fewest people living in it is Valmozzola, with 533 inhabitants.

The following shows the 45 "comuni" with the population, and the area and altitude.

Province of Piacenza

The Province of Piacenza () is a province in the Emilia-Romagna region of Italy. Its largest town and capital is the city of Piacenza.

The province of Piacenza has an area of . It is the most western of the nine provinces in the region of Emilia-Romagna in northwestern Italy. It is divided in two zones from north to south; the northern part is largely flat (the "Pianura Padana" or valley of the Po river) but the southern two thirds are hilly and gets up the Apennines mountains.

The province is bordered to the north by the region of Lombardy (Cremona, Lodi and Pavia provinces), to the east by the Parma province, to the south by the region of Liguria (Metropolitan City of Genoa) and to the west by the region of Piedmont (Alessandria province).

The main river in the province is the Po river.

The main lakes in the province are artificial lakes; two of them are:


The highest mountain in the province is Monte Bue (); it is high.

There are 286,758 persons living in the province (January 2017), for a population density of inhabitants/km². The communes with more inhabitants are Piacenza (102,355 inhabitants) and Fiorenzuola d'Arda (15,306 inhabitants). The commune with fewest people living in it is Zerba, with 78 inhabitants.

The following shows the 45 "comuni" with the population, and the area and altitude.

Province of Ravenna

The province of Ravenna () is a province in the Emilia-Romagna region in Northeast Italy, on the Adriatic Sea. Its capital is the city of Ravenna.

The province was created in 1859.

The province of Ravenna is in the eastern part of the Emilia-Romagna region along the Adriatic Sea.

It has an area of . The provincial capital, the city of Ravenna, is at about from the Adriatic Sea and at about southeast of Bologna, the capital of the region.

The province borders the province of Ferrara to the north, the Metropolitan City of Bologna to the west, the province of Florence in Tuscany to the southwest and the province of Forlì-Cesena to the south.

The highest point in the province is "Monte Macchia dei Cani" (); it is high.

The main rivers in the province are:

The area in "Punta Marina Terme" (part of the Ravenna Commune on the coast), at an altitude of about , is characterized by a climate with relatively high temperatures and precipitation throughout the year. The Köppen climate classification type for the climate at Punta Marina Terme is a "Humid Subtropical Climate" and of the subtype "Cfa".

The average amount of precipitation for the year in Punta Marina Terme is . The month with the most precipitation on average is November with of precipitation. The month with the least precipitation on average is February with an average of . There is an average of 71.0 days of precipitation, with the most precipitation days in November with 7.4 days and the least precipitation days in July with 4.4 days.

The average temperature for the year in Punta Marina Terme is . The warmest month, on average, is July with an average temperature of . The coolest month on average is January, with an average temperature of .

There are 391,414 persons living in the province (January 2017), for a population density of inhabitants/km².

Evolution of the population in the province

The following table shows the 18 "comuni" with the population, and the area and altitude.


Crackme

A crackme is a small program designed to test a programmers reverse engineering skills. It is also known by the terms reversemes and keygenmes.

They are created to have a legal way to "crack" software.


Province of Reggio Emilia

The Province of Reggio Emilia ( or ) is a province in the Emilia-Romagna region of Italy in northeastern Italy. Its capital is the city of Reggio Emilia.

Reggio Emilia is a landlocked (it does not border the ocean) province in central Emilia-Romagna. It has an area of .

The province is bordered to the north by Lombardy (Mantua province), to the east by the Modena province, to the west by the Parma province and to the south by Tuscany (Lucca and the Massa-Carrara provinces).

The highest mountain in the province is Monte Cusna (); it is . This mountain is in the "Appennino Tosco-Emiliano National Park" (). Other high mountains are Monte Prado, high, and Alpe di Succiso, high.

The main rivers in the province are:

There are 532,483 persons living in the province (January 2017), for a population density of inhabitants/km².

The following shows the 42 "comuni" with the population, and the area and altitude.


Province of Rimini

The Province of Rimini () is a province in the Emilia-Romagna region of Italy. Its largest town and capital is the city of Rimini.

The province of Rimini, with a long touristic tradition, is well known by the beach resorts of Rimini, Riccione, Bellaria-Igea Marina, Misano Adriatico and Cattolica, found over along the coast of the Adriatic Sea.

The province of Rimini was created in 1992 with parts of the former province of Forlì that changed its name to the present province of Forlì-Cesena.

After a referendum in 2006, the municipalities of Casteldelci, Maiolo, Novafeltria, Pennabilli, San Leo, Sant'Agata Feltria and Talamello were transferred from the Province of Pesaro and Urbino (Marche) to the Province of Rimini on 15 August 2009.

The province of Rimini has an area of , the smallest province of the Emilia-Romagna. The territory of Rimini is divided into four zones:

The province is bordered to the north by the Forlì-Cesena province, to the south by the Marche (Pesaro and Urbino province) and the Republic of San Marino, to the west by Tuscany (Arezzo province). To the east is the Adriatic Sea.

The main river in the province is the Marecchia, that starts in the Arezzo province and ends in the Adriatic Sea near the city of Rimini after a course of .

There are 336,786 persons living in the province (January 2017), for a population density of inhabitants/km². The communes with more inhabitants are Rimini (148,908 inhabitants) and Riccione (34,965 inhabitants). The commune with fewest people living in it is Casteldelci, with 405 inhabitants.

The following shows the 45 "comuni" with the population, and the area and altitude.


Soldering

Soldering is a process in which two or more metal items are joined together. They are heated with a soldering iron. A filler metal called solder, with a relatively low melting point melts and flows into the joint, mixing with and melting a little of the items being soldered. Soft soldering is characterized by the melting point of the filler metal, which is below 400°C. Some metals such as iron are rarely soldered, because their melting point is too high. 

Solder used in electronic equipment and for many other purposes has a flux to help clean the material that is soldered. The helping hand tool can make soft soldering easier by holding wires still and close together, and magnifying to see smaller wires or circuit boards.

The process can also be undone, which is called desoldering. This involves removing the solder so that the two items can be separated. This can be done by touching them with the soldering iron until the solder is liquid, then pulling them apart, but there are tools that help when trying to desolder something. Solder wick is made of very thin copper wires woven together into a long strip. When the solder wick is placed between the soldering iron and the solder, the wick absorbs the solder, and the items can be taken apart. A desoldering pump is a tube that has a small hole on one side and a plunger on the other side that can be pushed down. When the plunger is down, the small hole is placed over the solder, and then the solder is heated with the soldering iron. A button on the side of the desoldering pump can be pushed to make the plunger come back up fast enough that it creates suction that sucks the heated solder off the items and into the pump.


Corythosaurus

Corythosaurus is a genus of ornithopod. It was a large plant-eating duck-billed dinosaur. It was about 30–33 feet (9–10 m) long, 6.6 feet (2 m) tall at the hips, and weighed 3-5 tons.

Like other hadrosaurs, it had a hollow, bony crest on top of its long head in the shape of a helmet flattened on the sides (Corythosaurus means "helmet lizard"). Its likely functions were sound projection and recognition. Males had larger crests than females and juveniles.

"Corythosaurus" was like other hadrosaurids, and could move on both two legs and all fours, as shown by footprints of related animals. It had a long tail stiffened by bony tendons that stopped it from drooping. The hands had four fingers, lacking the innermost finger of the hand. The second, third, and fourth fingers were bunched together and bore hooves, suggesting the animal could have used the hands for support. The fifth finger was free and could be used to manipulate objects. Each foot had only the three central toes.

Loitering

Loitering means to stand around without doing anything. It can also mean to stop many times, or to wait and procrastinate.

Ornithopod

Ornithopoda is a clade of ornithischian dinosaurs, called ornithopods, that started out as small, bipedal running grazers and grew in size and numbers until they became one of the most successful groups of herbivores in the Cretaceous world, dominating the North American land.

Their major evolutionary advantage was the progressive development of a chewing apparatus that became the most sophisticated ever developed by a non-avian dinosaur, rivaling that of modern mammals such as the domestic cow.

They reached their apex of diversity and ecological dominance in the hadrosaurids, before they were wiped out by the Cretaceous–Paleogene extinction event along with all other non-avian dinosaurs.

Members are known from all seven continents, though they are generally rare in the Southern Hemisphere.

They reached their apex in the duck-bills, before they were wiped out by the Cretaceous–Tertiary extinction event with all other non-avian dinosaurs. Members are known from all seven continents, although the Antarctic remains are unnamed, and they are generally rare in the Southern Hemisphere. They are the sister group to the horned dinosaurs (Ceratopsia) and the hard-headed dinosaurs (Pachycephalosauria).

Ornithopoda means "bird feet", from the Greek. It refers to their three-toed feet (though many early forms had four toes). They had no armour, a horny beak, and various other features. Some ornithopods and cerapods had thin cartilaginous plates along the outside of the ribs. In some cases, these plates mineralized and so were fossilized. The function of these plates is unknown.

The ornithopods became one of the most successful groups of herbivores in the Cretaceous world, and dominated the landscape. They started out as small, bipedal running browsers, and grew in size and numbers. "Hypsilophodon" from the Lower Cretaceous of the Isle of Wight, England, is a typical example. As they grew in size, they could move on four legs but still kept the habit of standing up on their hind legs when needed to reach food or perhaps to defend themselves or to run.

Their success is a perhaps surprising, as they had little obvious defence against theropod carnivores. They could run, and had the usual defences of a herd animal. They had horny beaks and some cartilage rib plates. Iguanadonts, however, could protect themselves. They were very robust (heavy and strong), and armed with a dagger-like thumb.
The early ornithopods were only about 1 metre (3 feet) long, but probably very fast. They had a stiff tail, like the theropods, to help them balance as they ran on their hind legs. Later ornithopods became more adapted to grazing on all fours; their spines curved, and came to resemble the spines of modern ground-feeders like the bison. As they became more adapted to eating while bent over, they became semi-quadrupedal; still running on two legs, and comfortable reaching up into trees; but spending most of their time walking or grazing while on all fours.

Later ornithopods became larger, but never reached the huge size of the long-necked, long-tailed sauropods which they largely replaced. The largest, like "Shantungosaurus", were as heavy as medium sized sauropods, but never grew much beyond 15 metres (50 feet).

Infraorder Ornithopoda

Millionaire

A millionaire (originally and sometimes still millionaire) is a person whose net worth (or wealth) is at least one million units of a currency (most of the times it will be U.S. dollar). As of 2012, millionaires were on average 61 years old with $3.05 million in value. This includes things like the stock market or real estate, not just money.
In June 2020, there were 13 million people in the world who are classified as U.S.-dollar millionaires.
Another commonly used term is multimillionaire. This is used to call a persona having two or more millions of assets. In financial world the word multimillionaire is used to categorize person with $30 million of assets or more. They are also called high net worth individuals (or HNWIs). 

America alone has 4,700,000 million HNWIs, with New York city having the most (an impressive total of 348,000 of them). Geneva has the highest density of super wealthy people per person in the world. 

Below is a list of millionaires per country according to Credit Suisse.


Sell

Sell can mean: to sell


Sales

Sales are the activities involved in selling products or services in return for money or other compensation. It is an act of completion of a commercial activity. A salesman is someone who sells products or services, thus generating sales. 

Salespeople reach out to contacts that might be interested in purchasing the product or service that their company is selling — prospects that demonstrate interest through actions like visiting the company website or interacting with the company on social media. The goal is to reach out to leads who have shown interest in or fit the description of the company’s target customer, in hopes of providing them with a solution that results in a purchase of your product or service. 

Sales are closely connected with marketing because they have the same goal. Sales serve as a result and confirmation of the correctness of the company's marketing work. 

Sales are more practical than theoretical. Sales theory certainly exists as the recommended stages of the sales process, and continues to develop. The concept of sales is included as a basic in many other modern terms and business systems. 

Many big companies have some problems with their sales and marketing departments.

A sales objection is an explicit expression by a buyer that a barrier exists between the current situation and what needs to be satisfied before buying from that particular seller. While selling there will be objections from the buyer which the seller needs to handle wisely without losing the leads.

When a buyer indicates objections, the salesperson does not get discouraged but takes it as a chance to explain the value of the product or service. And if the seller can't persuade them, that's a good sign they're a poor fit. 

In order to make sales the seller should be credible, he should earn the trust of his customers. There are 7 basic selling techniques:


There are many classifications of sales:


Returns (economics)

Returns in economics and political economy, are the distributions or payments awarded to the various suppliers of the factors of production. 

Mystery play

Mystery plays and Miracle plays are among the earliest formally developed plays in medieval Europe.

Province of Avellino

The Province of Avellino () is a province in the Campania region of Italy.

Province of Benevento

The Province of Benevento () is a province in the Campania region of Italy. Its capital is the city of Benevento.

Province of Caserta

The Province of Caserta () is a province in the Campania region of Italy. Its capital is the city of Caserta. The former royal palace of Caserta is located near to the city.

Province of Naples

The Province of Naples (, Napulitano: "Pruvincia 'e Nàpule") was a province in the Campania region of Italy. Its capital city is Naples, within the province there were 92 "Comuni of the Province of Naples".

Province of Salerno

The Province of Salerno () is a province in the Campania region of Italy.

Siegmund Nissel

Siegmund Nissel (January 3, 1922 – May 21, 2008) was aBritish violinist who played second violin in the famous Amadeus Quartet.

Siegmund (Sigi) Nissel was born in Munich to a Jewish family from Vienna. He began playing the violin at the age of 6. His mother died when he was 9. He was taken by his father to Vienna, where his teachers included Max Weissgärber. Soon the political situation became dangerous for Jews in Austria and so, in 1938, the young Nissel was sent from Vienna to Great Britain.

When World War II started Nissel was interned on the Isle of Man. There he met the violinist Peter Schidlof and later Norbert Brainin. They played a lot of music together. Then they were set free because they were talented musicians. They studied with the famous violin teacher Max Rostal. There they met the British cellist, Martin Lovett whose wife was a pupil of Rostal. The four men played string quartets together, with Peter Schidlof now playing viola. At first they called themselves the Brainin Quartet, but then Nissel had the idea of the name Amadeus Quartet (Amadeus being one of Mozart's names).

The Amadeus Quartet (which their friends often called the Wolf Gang), gave its first concert in the Wigmore Hall, London in 1948. The hall was full and hundreds of people were turned away. After this concert they were invited to perform all over the world. They became the most famous string quartet group of their time. They made about 200 recordings. They were especially known for playing quartets by the great classical composers Mozart, Beethoven, Schubert and Brahms, but they also played works by 20th-century composers such as Bartók and Benjamin Britten (who wrote his third quartet for them).

Nissel was the one who organized all the business side for the group.

When Schidlof died from a heart attack in 1987, the Amadeus Quartet no longer existed. Nissel became a well-known teacher of young quartets at the Royal Academy of Music.

Although he had an operation for a brain tumour in 1960 and also a heart bypass he lived to the age of 86. He was a family man who had a wife, son, daughter and three grandchildren. He had many honours including an OBE (1970), and honorary doctorates from York University and the Royal Academy of Music


Siegmund Nissel - Obituary: The Independent, 26 May 2008

Dong Xian

Dong Xian (; 23 BC(?) – 1 BC) was a Han Dynasty politician. Within a few years, he rose from obscurity as a minor official to being the most powerful official in the imperial administration of Emperor Ai.

Emperor Ai of Han

Emperor Ai of Han (27 BC-1 BC) was an emperor of the Chinese Han Dynasty. He ascended the throne when he was 20, having been made heir by his uncle Emperor Cheng, who was childless, and he reigned from 7 BC to 1 BC.

Empress Fu (Ai)

Empress Fu, formally Empress Xiaoai, was an empress during the Han Dynasty. Her personal name is not known. Her husband was Emperor Ai.

Empress Zhao Feiyan

Empress Zhao Feiyan (c. 32 BC — 1 BC), formally Empress Xiaochen, was an empress during the Han Dynasty. Zhao Feiyan was an ordinary girl born to a poor family in Suzhou, who just happened to be spotted dancing by the Emperor who took her away to the palace. It was her dancing and beautiful figure that became her legacy.

Bypass (surgical)

In medicine, a bypass usually means making another route for the blood to flow. Sometimes an artery, the channel through which the blood flows, becomes blocked up. The patient has a bypass operation. Very often the surgeon will take part of a vein from the patient's leg and move it to the place with the blockage so that the blood can flow round the blocked part.

Max Rostal

Max Rostal (born Cieszyn, 7 August 1905; died Bern, 6 August 1991) was a violinist who was a famous violin teacher. He was Austrian-born, but later took British citizenship.

He was born in Cieszyn and studied with Carl Flesch. From 1930 to 1933 he taught at the Berlin Hochschule, from 1944 to 1958 at the Guildhall School of Music, London and then at the conservatory in Bern, Switzerland. Many of his pupils became famous players. They include three members of the Amadeus Quartet.

Rostal played a wide variety of music, including many newly composed works such as Violin Concerto no 2 by Béla Bartók.

He died in Bern.

Peter Schidlof

Peter Schidlof (July 9, 1922 – August 16, 1987) was an British violist. He played the viola in the Amadeus Quartet. 

Schidlof was born in Göllersdorf near Vienna, but had to leave Austria when the Nazis came. He went to Great Britain. Because he was musically talented he won a scholarship to Blundell's School in Devon, but when World War II broke out he was interned. It was in the internment camp that met Norbert Brainin and Siegmund Nissel. They often played music together. When they were freed they became pupils of Max Rostal who persuaded Schidlof to play the viola instead of the violin. Together with Martin Lovett the four men formed a string quartet which at first they called the Brainin Quartet, but they soon changed the name to Amadeus Quartet. The Amadeus Quartet gave their first concert at the Wigmore Hall in 1948. Soon they became world famous, playing in concerts and festivals in many countries.

Schidlof was a calm man who listened very carefully to everything that was going on. The others called him "Eagle ears". The four men played together for nearly 40 years until Schidlof's death.

Province of Catanzaro

Catanzaro is a province in the region of Calabria in Italy.

Province of Cosenza

Cosenza is a province in the region of Calabria in Italy.

Province of Crotone

Crotone is a province in the region of Calabria in Italy.

Province of Reggio Calabria

Reggio Calabria was a province in the region of Calabria in Italy.

Province of Vibo Valentia

Vibo Valentia is a province in the region of Calabria in Italy.

Province of Matera

Matera is a province in the region of Basilicata in Italy.

Province of Potenza

Potenza is a province in the region of Basilicata in Italy.

337

337 was a common year.


Font

In typography, the terms were set when all printing was done with metal type. Font or fount was all the letters or characters of a single size of a typeface. For example, all characters for 9-point Times New Roman is a font, and the 10 point size would be another font.

With the increase in the use of personal computers, the definition of font has changed. The term font is now often used as another name for a typeface. The size of the characters has no effect on fonts when using this definition.

Lectern

A lectern (from the Latin "lectus", past participle of "legere", "to read") is a reading desk with a slanted top. It is usually placed on a stand some other form of support. Documents or books are often put on top of a lectern to make it easier for someone to read them to other people. For example, for Scripture reading, lectures, speechs or sermons. The height and slant of a lectern can usually be changed to so the person reading can stand properly and make good eye-contact with an audience.

Cantor

Cantor can mean:

In mathematics Cantor may refer to:

Cantor as a surname may refer to:

Cantor is a shortened form of these names and terms:


Epistle

An epistle (from the , "epistolē", meaning "letter") is a writing sent to a person or group of people. It is usually written as a formal letter. It was common in ancient Egypt, being taught to scribes. The letters in the New Testament from Apostles to Christians are usually referred to as epistles. Those letters said to have been written by Paul are known as the Pauline epistles and the others as the General epistles.

The epistles of Cicero, and of Pliny the Younger tell a lot about life at the time of the Romans. Ovid produced a number of letters while he was in exile at coast of the Black Sea, Seneca's letters influenced many epistle-writers of later times.

Anglo-Saxon architecture

Anglo-Saxon architecture was a period in the history of architecture in England and parts of Wales, from the mid-5th century until the Norman Conquest of 1066. Anglo-Saxon buildings in Britain were generally simple, made from wood with thatch for roofing.

There are few remains of Anglo-Saxon architecture. At least fifty churches are of Anglo-Saxon origin. All surviving churches, except one timber church, are built of stone or brick.


Norman architecture

The term Norman architecture is used to categorize styles of Romanesque architecture made by the Normans in the land that was under their control or influence in the 11th and 12th centuries.

English Gothic architecture

English Gothic is the name of the architectural style that was very popular in England from about 1180 until about 1520. As with the gothic architecture of other parts of Europe, English Gothic is defined by its pointed arches, vaulted rooves, buttresses, large windows, and spires.


The various styles are seen at their best in the cathedrals, abbey churches and college buildings. It is a distinctive characteristic of the cathedrals of England that all but one of them show great stylistic diversity and have building dates that range over 400 years. The exception, Salisbury Cathedral, was built in 38 years.


Examples: Salisbury Cathedral, Whitby Abbey, the nave and transept of Wells Cathedral (1225—1240).

The clearest sign of the Early English period was the pointed arch known as the lancet. Pointed arches were used for nave arcade, the doorways and lancet windows. The windows are narrow by comparison to their height and are without tracery. Lancet arches are a sign of the style.

The Lancet openings of windows and arcades are often grouped in twos or threes. This is seen throughout Salisbury Cathedral where there are groups of two lancet windows lining the nave and groups of three lining the clerestory. At York Minster there are, in the north transept, a cluster of five lancet windows known as the Five Sisters, each fifty feet high and still have their ancient glass.

Romanesque (Norman architecture) builders generally used round arches. Compared with the rounded Romanesque style, the pointed arch of the Early English Gothic looks more elegant and, more importantly, is better at distributing the weight of the stonework above it. This makes it possible to span higher and wider gaps using narrower columns.

Instead of being massive, solid pillars, the columns were often composed of clusters of slender, detached shafts surrounding a central pillar.

By using the pointed arch, walls could become less massive and window openings could be larger and grouped more closely together. This gave a more open, airy and graceful building. The high walls and vaulted stone roofs were often supported by flying buttresses: half arches which transmit the outward thrust of the superstructure to supports or buttresses, usually on the outside of the building.

At its purest the style was simple and austere, emphasizing the height of the building, as if aspiring heavenward.

Examples: the east ends of Lincoln Cathedral and Carlisle Cathedral, and the west fronts of York Minster and Lichfield Cathedral. Much of Exeter Cathedral is built in this style.

Decorated architecture has window tracery. Elaborate windows are subdivided by closely-spaced parallel mullions (vertical bars of stone). The mullions then branch out and cross, intersecting to fill the top part of the window with a mesh of elaborate patterns called tracery. The style was geometrical (more straight lines) at first and flowing (curves) in the later period. This evolution of decorated tracery is often used to subdivide the period into an earlier "geometric" and later "curvilinear" period.

Some of the earliest examples of the "perpendicular period", from 1360, are found at Gloucester Cathedral. The masons of the cathedral seem to be far in advance of those in other towns; the fan-vaulting in the cloisters is particularly fine. Also noteworthy are the Quire and tower of York Minster (1389–1407); the nave and western transepts of Canterbury Cathedral (1378–1411). Bath Abbey, Eton College Chapel and King's College Chapel, Cambridge (1446–1515) are also examples.

It is called perpendicular because of its emphasis on vertical lines. This is particularly obvious in the design of windows, which became very large, sometimes of immense size, with slimmer stone mullions than in earlier periods. This allowed more scope for stained glass craftsmen. Buttresses and wall surfaces are likewise divided up into vertical panels. Another major development of this period was fan vaulting.

Some of the finest features of this period are the magnificent timber rooves. Hammerbeam rooves, like those of Westminster Hall (1395), and Christ Church Hall, Oxford, appeared for the first time. In areas of southern England elaborate decoration in flint was used, especially in the wool churches of East Anglia.

Salisbury Cathedral

Salisbury Cathedral is an Anglican cathedral in Salisbury, Wiltshire, England. The main body was completed in only 38 years, starting in 1220. It is considered to be one of the leading examples of Early English architecture.

The cathedral has the tallest church spire in the United Kingdom (123m/404 ft). Visitors can take the 'Tower Tour' where the interior of the hollow spire, with its ancient wood scaffolding, can be seen. The cathedral also has the largest cloister and the largest cathedral precinct ('close') in Britain (80 acres). The Cathedral contains the world's oldest working clock (from AD 1386). It also has one of the four surviving original copies of the Magna Carta (all four original copies are in England). 
Although commonly known as Salisbury Cathedral, the official name is the Cathedral of Saint Mary. In 2008, the cathedral celebrated the 750th anniversary of its consecration in 1258. It is the seat of the Bishop of Salisbury, the Rt. Revd. Nick Holtam (bishop since 2011). 

The whole of Salisbury Cathedral (except the tower and spire) is in the Early English style. Slim, pointed, vertical 'lancet' windows are used throughout. The image is simple and pure. There is little or no embellishing, and less detailed tracery than would be used in later buildings. This is characteristic of the Early English style, roughly 1190 to 1310. The building period of less than forty years resulted in this consistency of style.

The Diocese of Salisbury had an earlier cathedral at Old Sarum a few miles away but this was replaced by the present cathedral when the bishops had moved to Salisbury. The foundation stone was laid on 28 April 1220. Due to the high water level in the new location, the cathedral was built on only four feet of foundation. By 1258 the nave, transepts and quire (choir) were complete. The west front was ready by 1265. The cloisters and chapter house were completed around 1280. Because the cathedral was built in only 38 years, Salisbury Cathedral has a single consistent architectural style, English Gothic architecture.

The only major parts of the cathedral built later were the Cloisters, Chapter House, tower and spire (1320), which at 404 feet (123 metres) dominates the skyline. Whilst the spire is the cathedral's most impressive feature, it has also proved to be troublesome. Together with the tower, it added 6,397 tons (6,500 tonnes) to the weight of the building. Without the later addition of buttresses, bracing arches and iron ties, it would have fallen down, as spires on other great buildings have done. Instead, Salisbury is said to be the tallest surviving pre-1400 spire in the world. To this day the large supporting pillars at the corners of the spire are bent inwards under the stress.

The Chapter House is notable for its octagonal shape, slender central pillar and decorative mediæval frieze. The frieze circles the interior, just above the stalls. It shows scenes and stories from the books of Genesis and Exodus. The chapter house displays the best-preserved of the four surviving original copies of Magna Carta. This copy came to Salisbury because Elias of Dereham was present at the meeting with King John at Runnymede in 1215. He was given the task of distributing some of the original copies. Later, Elias became a Canon of Salisbury and supervised the construction of Salisbury Cathedral.

Fan vault

A fan vault is a form of vault used in the Perpendicular Gothic style. All its ribs are of the same curve and spaced the same.

This beautiful and elegant Gothic style of architecture, at its earliest appears in 1351. 

Gert Fram

"Gert Fram" is a short story that was written by Orson Scott Card in 1977. It is in his short story collection "Maps in a Mirror". This short story was the first story Card wrote. It first came out in the July 1977 fine arts issue of "Ensign" magazine under the pen name Byron Walley.

Vezina Trophy

The Vezina Trophy is awarded every year to the National Hockey League's goaltender who is chosen as the best goaltender. At the end of each season, the 30 General Managers of the teams in the National Hockey League vote to determine the goaltender who was the most valuable to his team during the regular season. Before 1981, it was awarded to the goaltender(s) of the team allowing the fewest goals during the regular season; now, the William M. Jennings Trophy is awarded under this previous definition.

The Vezina Trophy was named for Georges Vézina, a very good goaltender with the Montreal Canadiens. Vezina was ill with tuberculosis. He felt sick during a game in 1925. When Vezina died, the trophy was given to the League by the former owners of the Montreal Canadiens, Leo Dandurand, Louis Letourneau and Joe Cattarinich. It was first awarded at the end of the 1926-27 NHL season.

Until the 1980–81 season, the trophy was awarded to the goaltender(s) of the team that gave up the fewest goals during the regular season. However, this system often meant the trophy went to the goaltender of the better team rather than the individual. A change was made to offer the William M. Jennings Trophy to the goaltender(s) playing for the team with the fewest goals against. Since 1981, the Vezina Trophy has been awarded by the NHL General Managers to the most outstanding goaltender. Billy Smith of the New York Islanders was the first winner of the Vezina under the current system.

There have been numerous instances of players receiving the trophy many times in different years. Players have also tied for the trophy. Jacques Plante holds the record for winning the most Vezinas with seven. Bill Durnan and Dominik Hasek both of who have won six. Hasek has won the most under the current system of honouring the best individual goalie. Players for the Montreal Canadiens have won the Vezina 28 times. 

Under the original definition, there would often be multiple winners from the same team during one season. In the 1973-74 NHL season, Tony Esposito of the Chicago Black Hawks and Bernie Parent of the Philadelphia Flyers finished tied for the fewest goals against, the only time that there would be a tie between two players from different teams. 

There are only three players that have won both the Vezina and Hart Memorial Trophy for the same season: Jacques Plante, who won both trophies for the 1961–62 season; Dominik Hasek who won both for the 1996–97 and 1997–98 seasons; and Jose Theodore, who won the Vezina and Hart for the 2001-02 NHL season. Two other Vezina winning goaltenders have also won the Hart Memorial Trophy: Roy Worters and Al Rollins. Chuck Rayner was the only goaltender to win the Hart Memorial Trophy, but never the Vezina.

The voting is conducted at the end of the regular season by the 30 general managers of the teams in the National Hockey League. Each individual voter ranks their top three candidates on a 5-3-1 points system. Three finalists are named. The trophy is awarded at the NHL Awards ceremony after the playoffs.

When introduced, the Vezina Trophy was awarded to the goaltender, or goaltenders, of the team that gave up the fewest goals in regular season play.

The NHL adopted the current criteria for the Vezina Trophy beginning in 1982. The William M. Jennings Trophy was created as a new award for the goaltender(s) of the team that surrenders the fewest goals in regular season play.



The Memory of Earth

The Memory of Earth (1992) is the first book of the "Homecoming Saga" by Orson Scott Card. The "Homecoming Saga" is a fake story about the first 100 years in the Book of Mormon.


The Call of Earth

The Call of Earth (1992) is the second book in the Homecoming Saga by Orson Scott Card.


The Ships of Earth

The Ships of Earth (1994) is the third book in the Homecoming Saga. It was written by Orson Scott Card in 1994.


Homecoming Saga

The Homecoming Saga is a science fiction series by Orson Scott Card. The series is patterned on the Book of Mormon. Some of the names also come from the Book of Mormon.


Earthfall

Earthfall (1995) is the fourth book of the Homecoming Saga. It was written by Orson Scott Card in 1995.


Earthborn

Earthborn (1995) is the fifth book of the Homecoming Saga. It was written by Orson Scott Card, and is the last book in the Homecoming Saga.


Tor Books

Tor Books is an American book publishing company. It is one of two imprints of Tom Doherty Associates, LLC, based in New York City. It is noted for its science fiction and fantasy books. Tom Doherty Associates also publishes mainstream fiction, mystery, and some military history books under its Forge imprint. Tom Doherty Associates, LLC, was formed by Tom Doherty in 1980, and sold to St. Martin's Press in 1986. Along with St. Martin's Press, Henry Holt, and Farrar Straus Giroux, it is now part of the Holtzbrinck group.

King's College Chapel, Cambridge

King's College Chapel is the chapel to King's College of the University of Cambridge. It is one of the finest examples of Gothic Perpendicular architecture. It is the home of the famous King's College Choir.


Christopher Wren

Sir Christopher Wren (20 October 1632 – 25 February 1723) was a 17th century English architect, designer, astronomer and geometer. He designed 51 churches in London after the Great Fire of London, including St. Paul's Cathedral.

Wren was born on 20 October 1632 in East Knoyle, Wiltshire, England. He was educated at Westminster School and Oxford University. He showed an early talent for mathematics. He invented an instrument for writing in the dark and a pneumatic machine. In 1657, Wren was appointed professor of astronomy at Gresham College in London. Four years later, he was appointed professor of astronomy at Oxford. In 1662, he was one of the founding members of the Royal Society.

Wren developed an interest in architecture following his studies of physics and engineering. In 1664 and 1665, Wren designed the Sheldonian Theatre in Oxford and a chapel for Pembroke College, Cambridge. Thereafter, architecture became his main focus. In 1665, Wren visited Paris. He studied French and Italian baroque styles.

In 1666, the Great Fire of London destroyed much of the medieval city. Wren produced ambitious plans for rebuilding the whole area. His plans were rejected, partly because property owners insisted on keeping the sites of their destroyed buildings. Wren did design 51 new city churches, including a new St Paul's Cathedral. In 1669, he was appointed surveyor of the royal works. This gave him control of all government building in the country. He was knighted in 1673.

In 1675, Wren was commissioned to design the Royal Observatory at Greenwich. In 1682, he designed a hospital in Chelsea, London for retired soldiers, and in 1696 a hospital for sailors in Greenwich. Other buildings include Trinity College Library in Cambridge (1677 - 1692), and the facade of Hampton Court Palace (1689 - 1694). Wren often worked with the same team of craftsmen, including master plasterer John Groves and wood carver Grinling Gibbons.

Wren died on 25 February 1723. He was buried in St. Paul's Cathedral. His gravestone features a Latin inscription which translates as: 'If you seek his memorial, look about you.'

Coventry Cathedral

Coventry Cathedral, also known as St. Michael's Cathedral, is an Anglican cathedral. It is in Coventry, West Midlands, England.

In fact, the city has three cathedrals. The first was St. Mary's, a monastic building, only a few ruins of which remain. The second was St Michael's, a 14th-century Gothic Cathedral, which was largely destroyed by a bombing raid in the Second World War. The cathedral was bombed on 14 November 1940 by the German Luftwaffe, which destroyed much of central Coventry. Nails found in the ruins were formed into a cross and consecrated in the Kaiser Wilhelm Gedächtniskirche in Berlin.

The third cathedral is the new St Michael's Cathedral, built to replace the bombed cathedral. It is an important example of 20th century architecture.

The cathedral is the seat of the Bishop of Coventry. The Right Reverend Dr. Christopher Cocksworth is the current Bishop of Coventry. He is the 9th Bishop of Coventry.

World Ocean

The world ocean, or global ocean is used to describe all the world's oceans as one large interconnected ocean. It is not a generally agreed term.

It is divided into the standard oceans: the Atlantic Ocean, Arctic Ocean, Indian Ocean, Pacific Ocean, and the proposed southern ocean around the Antarctic. 

The world ocean is mainly the southern oceans. The Atlantic, Indian, and Pacific Oceans can be seen as bays or lobes going northward from the Southern Ocean. Farther north, the Atlantic opens into the Arctic Ocean, which is connected to the Pacific by the Bering Strait:


The oceans of the world are not constant. Climate change happens, and so does continental drift over a much longer timescale.


Bering Strait

The Bering Strait (Russian: Берингов пролив) is a sea strait between Cape Dezhnev, Russia, the easternmost point (169°43' W) of the Asian continent and Cape Prince of Wales on the edge of the Seward Peninsula, Alaska, the westernmost point (168°05' W) of the North American continent, with latitude of about 65° 40' north, slightly south of the Arctic Circle. The strait was made around 40,000 years ago, when an old landmass between Asia and America known as Beringia was flooded at the end of the last ice age. The strait is passed through by the international date line, making from the view of the Russian side from the Alaskan side like looking at tomorrow. 

The Bering Strait is 82 km at its narrowest point, and 90 meters deep at its deepest point (with an average depth of 50 meters), making the strait rather shallow. There are three small islands located in the strait. There are the two Diomede Islands in the middle of the strait, and a small rock (or islet) known as Fairway Rock southeast of the Diomede Islands.

There have been ideas of building a bridge or tunnel to link Alaska and Russia, where cars and trains could cross the strait. The crossing would have three parts, one connecting Big Diomede Island to Russia, one connecting Small Diomede with Alaska, and a final link between the islands. This would link the North American road system with the connected road systems of Asia, Europe, and Africa. There have not been any physical work done on such a crossing, mostly due to the remoteness of the strait, and the little demand for it. There are no major highways or railroads that connect the Bering Strait to the rest of Asia or America, so if either a tunnel or bridge was built across the strait, new connections to the rest of the highways and railways would have to be made for cars or trains to get there. The crossing might become more useful in the future however.

Monolophosaurus

Monolophosaurus was a medium-sized theropod from China that lived during the Jurassic period. 

It had one feature not found on any other meat-eating dinosaur a long, bony ridge that went from its nose back to the top of its head. The area where "Monolophosaurus" was discovered showed signs that it was sometimes covered with water, so it is possible that this dinosaur lived on the shore of a lake or sea.

The remains of the type of "Monolophosaurus" preserve a complete skull and partial postcranium. In fact, these remains are amongst the most complete from the Middle Jurassic of China. The dinosaur was probably a basal tetanuran.

Hart's Hope

Hart's Hope (1983) is a fantasy book that is written by Orson Scott Card.


Twillingate, Newfoundland and Labrador

Twillingate is a town that can be found on the Twillingate Islands off the coast of Newfoundland. About 2500 people live in the town. It is known for its scenic landscape and friendly hospitality. Twillingate is about an hour and a half north of Gander and an hour north of Lewisporte.

Twillingate's economy is based around the fishery.

Gander, Newfoundland and Labrador

Gander is a town of almost 10,000 people in the central region of Newfoundland, Canada. It is home to the Gander International Airport, which used to be an important point for aircraft to refuel on long flights. Most of the streets in Gander are named after famous aviators, including Amelia Earhart, Alcock and Brown, Charles Lindbergh, Eddie Rickenbacker, Marc Garneau and Chuck Yeager.

Trireme

A Trireme is an ancient oar-driven warship powered by about 170 oarsmen. It was long and slender, had three tiers of oars and one sail. On the bow was a battering ram that was used to destroy enemy ships. The tip of the ram was made of bronze and could easily slice through the side of a wooden ship.

The Trireme was used by people of the Mediterranean Sea from the 7th to the 4th century BC and gets its name from its three rows of oars on each side, manned with one man per oar. The rowing men were not slaves, but were free men who were paid to row. In Ancient Greece, soldiers (called Hoplites) had to buy their own armour and weapons so men too poor to afford them became trireme rowers in wartime. They had to have a lot of practice at rowing as, during a battle, the ship had to be able to stop, start and turn very quickly.

As well as the rowing men, there were 30 others on a trireme. Some of these were sailors who worked the sail, others were soldiers who shot arrows and tried to get onto enemy ships, to attack their crews with swords and spears. The man who steered the trireme was called a "kubernete" by the Greeks. From this we get the English word Governor, for a person who leads a state.

Because there were many men crowded onto a small ship, triremes could not stay at sea very long. Often, they came to land each evening. The crew would pull the trireme out of the water and then sleep next to it on the beach.

Before a battle, the mast and sail were taken off and left on the shore. In battle, triremes would attempt to ram or board each other. Some triremes had catapults and ballistas on them, but they were hard to use in battle. Many ancient sea battles involved hundreds of triremes. In the Battle of Salamis, there were around 360 ships on the Greek side and 600 to 800 ships on the Persian side. 

Fabrosauridae

Fabrosauridae is a proposed family of primitive ornithischian dinosaurs from late Triassic and Jurassic. The proposed "Fabrosaurs" descended from a "Lesothosaurus"-like animal. The group is not established; it appears to be polyphyletic, and its members may come from several other better-known groups.

A Planet Called Treason

A Planet Called Treason (1979) is a science fiction book that was written by Orson Scott Card. After being changed, the book was renamed Treason (1988).


Saints (book)

Saints (1983) is a historical fiction book that was written by Orson Scott Card. Saints tells about the fictional character named Dinah Kirkham, from Manchester, England, who goes to the United States and becomes one of the multiple wives of Joseph Smith, who is founder of the Latter Day Saint movement.

"Saints" was originally named "Woman Of Destiny", even though Orson Scott Card was against this.


Hot Sleep

Hot Sleep: The Worthing Chronicle (1979) is a science fiction book that was written by Orson Scott Card. Although it is now out of print, Card's book "The Worthing Chronicle" (1983) has some of the same story.


The Worthing Chronicle

The Worthing Chronicle (1983) is a science fiction book that was written by Orson Scott Card. This book is out of print, but it was released again in a collection of short stories called "The Worthing Saga" in 1990.


Wyrms (novel)

Wyrms (1987) is a science fiction book that was written by Orson Scott Card. The story looks at desire, wisdom, and human will.


2008 WWE draft

The 2008 World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE) Draft was the fifth yearly (and sixth overall) Draft held by WWE. The Draft was held on June 23, 2008 in San Antonio, Texas from the AT&T Center. The Draft took place live for three hours on WWE's flagship program, "Raw", which aired on the USA Network.

The Draft was announced by WWE Chairman, Vince McMahon on the May 26 2008 episode of "Raw". During the announcement, he stated that every WWE Superstar, Diva, and Commentators were eligible to be drafted.


Poplar Forest

The Poplar Forest is the retreat home of Thomas Jefferson, the third president of the United States of America. It is near Lynchburg, Virginia. 

His wife inherited the 4,819 acre plantation and he built an octagonal retreat home there which was basically complete in the year 1812. The home contains a central dining room in the shape of a cube, measuring 20 feet on all sides and lit from a skylight above. Currently under restoration, the building gives a fascinating glimpse of how things were built in those days, as well as showing off a few of Jefferson's inventions such as the triple sash window. Jefferson used the property as a respite from the busy Monticello, which was always welcoming visitors, and spent most of his time there only with close family members. He had a library containing 700 volumes and he used his time there to communicate with his 'absent friends', in other words, to catch up on his written correspondence.

Interstate 8

Interstate 8 or I-8 is an Interstate Highway that runs from Interstate 10 near Casa Grande, Arizona to San Diego, California. The route is long.

Regis Philbin

Regis Francis Xavier Philbin (; August 25, 1931 – July 24, 2020) was an American media personality, actor and singer, known for hosting talk and game shows since the 1960s. Sometimes called (alternatively attributed to James Brown) "the hardest working man in show business", he held the world record for the most time spent in front of a television camera. He was most widely known for "Live! with Regis and Kelly" (previously "Live! with Regis and Kathie Lee"), "Who Wants to Be a Millionaire", "Million Dollar Password", and for hosting the first season of "America's Got Talent".

Philbin was born in the Bronx, New York City. His father, Francis "Frank" Philbin, a U.S. Marine who served in the Pacific, was of Irish ancestry. His mother, Filomena "Florence" (nee Boscia), was of Arbëreshë ancestry. They lived in the Van Nest section of the Bronx. Philbin was raised Roman Catholic. He was supposedly named "Regis" because his father wanted him to attend the prestigious Regis High School. It was long believed that Philbin was an only child, but on the February 1, 2007, broadcast of "Live with Regis and Kelly", Philbin announced that he did have a brother, Frank M. Philbin (March 1, 1951 – January 27, 2007), who had died from non-Hodgkin lymphoma several days earlier. Philbin said his brother had asked to not be mentioned on television or in the press.

Philbin attended Our Lady of Solace grammar school in the Bronx, and graduated from Cardinal Hayes High School in the Bronx in 1949 before attending the University of Notre Dame, where he graduated in 1953 with a sociology degree. He later served in the United States Navy as a supply officer, then went through a few behind-the-scenes jobs in television and radio before moving into the broadcasting arena.

Philbin filled in for Dick Clark for the 2004 edition of "Dick Clark's New Year's Rockin' Eve" after Clark suffered a stroke.

On November 18, 2011, Philbin aired his final episode of "Live! with Regis and Kelly."

On July 24, 2020, Philbin died at the age of 88, one month before his 89th birthday. "TMZ" reported that Philbin had died at Greenwich Hospital in Connecticut of heart disease. "The Blast" revealed that he had died after having a heart attack caused by coronary artery disease.


Bill Moggridge

William Grant Moggridge, RDI (25 June 1943 – 8 September 2012) was a British industrial designer and co-founder of the Silicon Valley-based design firm IDEO. He helped design what was arguably the first laptop computer, the GRiD Compass. He was in favour of user-centered design process in product development cycles and also worked towards popularizing interaction design as a mainstream discipline.

Moggridge was the author of "Designing Interactions", published in October 2006. 

He was also involved in design education in the United Kingdom and the United States; teaching at the Royal College of Art, the London Business School and Stanford University.


Before I Self Destruct

Before I Self Destruct is 50 Cent's fourth album. It was released in 2009.

On the track "The End of My Career", on one of 50 Cent's mixtapes, he said that he has already recorded 12 tracks for the album.

Udanoceratops

Udanoceratops had a very large skull (1.5 times the size of the next largest protoceratopid Montanoceratops) with no nasal horn. It most resembles Leptoceratops but with larger nasal apertures, less teeth in the upper jaw and more in the lower jaw - there are also differences in its teeth and skull bones. It has a mixture of advanced and primitive features and may turn out to be a ceratopsid.

Thai

Thai might mean:


Antonio Pappano

Antonio Pappano (born December 30, 1959 in Epping) is a British conductor and pianist of Italian origin. He is the conductor of the orchestra of the Royal Opera House, Covent Garden in London, and l'Orchestra dell'Accademia Nazionale di Santa Cecilia in Rome.

Pappano was born in England, but his family had come from Italy. When he was 13 years old, he moved with his family to Connecticut, in the United States. There he had his musical training, learning to play the piano as well as composition and conducting. He became a rehearsal accompanist at the New York City Opera.

Pappano is the youngest conductor to lead the Orchestra of the Royal Opera House in London, accompanying both the Royal Opera and Royal Ballet. He is also an excellent piano accompanist.

Boris Berezovsky (pianist)

Boris Berezovsky (Russian: Бори́с Вади́мович Березо́вский; born Moscow, 4 January 1969) is a famous Russian pianist. Berezovsky studied at the Moscow Conservatory. In 1988 he became well known in the West when he gave a recital in the Wigmore Hall in London. Two years later he won the gold medal at the 1990 International Tchaikovsky Competition in Moscow.

Boris Berezovsky gives concerts all over the world. He plays concertos with many of the great orchestras including the Royal Concertgebouw Orchestra, New York Philharmonic, Philadelphia Orchestra, Orchestre de la Monnaie, Rotterdam Philharmonic, Danish National Radio Symphony Orchestra, NDR Hamburg, Hessischer Rundfunk, New Japan Philharmonic, City of Birmingham Symphony Orchestra and with conductors such as Kurt Masur, Wolfgang Sawallisch, Vladimir Ashkenazy, Mikhail Pletnev and Antonio Pappano. Berezovsky has also made many recordings.

Berezovsky has a daughter, Evelyne Berezovsky (born 1991), who is also a pianist. He now lives in Brussels. Boris is an excellent jazz pianist and performs with his trio in Russian clubs.

Balto

Balto was the name of a Siberian Husky, born in 1923 and died 1933. He was a sled dog. He was the back up for a dog named Togo. Balto took part in the 1925 serum run to Nome. He got a lot of fame for being part of the journey, more than Togo. Many people say Togo should have gotten the attention that Balto got because Togo did the most work. Leonhard Seppala bred, named, raised, and trained Balto but did not race with him. In a 1927 New York Times article, he claimed that a forgotten dog named Fox had been co-lead with Balto on Kaasen’s team. He did not believe that Balto could have led the team by himself. Gunnar Kaasen was Balto’s musher.

In January 1925, Nome, Alaska needed medicine for a diphtheria epidemic. First, a ship tried to bring the medicine but ice was closing into the Bering Sea. The ship could not get to Nome. Next, they tried to bring the medicine by airplane. They could not because there was a blizzard (snow storm). The winds were too strong for the plane. So the medicine was sent by train from Anchorage, Alaska to Nenena, Alaska. Then sled dogs took turns carrying the medicine to Nome. The dog that ran the longest was Togo. Balto was the final dog. He lead the team into Nome. The medicine saved many children (almost all of the children). Balto, the other dogs, and the men who carried the medicine were given a hero's welcome. A few months later in New York City, a statue of Balto was placed in Central Park. It is still there today.

In January 1925, doctors realized that a diphtheria epidemic was likely to sweep through Nome's young people. It could kill many people. The only serum that could stop it was in Anchorage. Anchorage was almost away. The only aircraft that could get the medicine to Nome was taken out of winter storage, but its engine was frozen. It would not start. Officials chose to move the medicine by sled dog. The serum was transported by train from Anchorage to Nenana. At Nenana, the first "musher" began the trip as part of a relay to deliver the serum to Nome. More than 20 mushers took part. They had to deal with a blizzard with temperatures and strong winds. News coverage of the race was worldwide.

On December 22, 1995, Universal Pictures released the animated movie "Balto". The movie was based on the events of the 1925 serum run, although there are big differences. They also made a 2nd and 3rd movies to the original. The 4th and final fan-made movie directed by Stefan Balugani.


Colin Davis

Sir Colin Rex Davis, CH, CBE, (Weybridge, Surrey, 25 September 1927 – London, England, 14 April 2013), was a British conductor. He was born in Weybridge, Surrey, UK. Davis went to school at Christ's Hospital before studying the clarinet at the Royal College of Music in London. He was not allowed to take conducting lessons there because he did not play the piano well enough. He still managed to get some experience as conductor of the Kalmar Orchestra with other music students.

In 1952 Davis worked at the Royal Festival Hall, and in the late 1950s conducted the BBC Scottish Symphony Orchestra. He started to become well known when he was suddenly asked to conduct Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart's opera "Don Giovanni" at the Royal Festival Hall because Otto Klemperer was ill. A year later, in 1960, he conducted Mozart's "The Magic Flute" at Glyndebourne because Thomas Beecham was ill.

In the 1960s he worked at Sadler's Wells Opera and with the London Symphony Orchestra. He was Chief Conductor of the BBC Symphony Orchestra. In 1971 he took over from Georg Solti as principal conductor at the Royal Opera House. He stayed there until 1986. He particularly liked conducting the operas of Michael Tippett, giving the first performances of "The Knot Garden" (1970), and "The Ice Break" (1977). In 1977 he became the first English conductor to appear at the Bayreuth Festival where he conducted "Tannhäuser".

Davis was Principal Guest Conductor of the Boston Symphony Orchestra from 1972 to 1984. He was Chief Conductor at the Bavarian Radio Symphony Orchestra from 1983 to 1993. In 1991, Davis was given the honorary title 'Conductor Laureate' of the Staatskapelle Dresden, the first conductor in the orchestra's history to hold that title. In 1995, Davis became Principal Conductor of the London Symphony Orchestra. He stayed there until 2006, when the orchestra gave him the title of President. From 1998 to 2003, he was also Principal Guest Conductor of the New York Philharmonic.

He has received many honours, including CH and CBE

In 1949, Davis married the soprano April Cantelo. They had two children, Suzanne and Christopher. Their marriage ended in 1964, and in that same year, Davis married the young Iranian woman who had been the family "au pair", Ashraf “Shamsi” Naini. To satisfy both the Iranian and British authorities, the couple were married three times, once in Iran and twice in the UK, in the Iranian Embassy as well as in a regular UK civil ceremony. They have five children.

On 14 April 2013, it was announced via the London Symphony Orchestra, of which Davis had been the president, that he had died that evening, aged 85, after a short illness.

Davis was not related to the conductor Sir Andrew Davis.

Sea caves

Sea caves are a hollow chamber in a coastal cliff, made by the pounding power of crashing waves. ""Sea arches"" and ""sea stacks"" are also carved from these rocky cliffs.Sea waves carry on both erosional and depositional activities .The process of sea erosion is called marine erosion. 

Valery Gergiev

Valery Abisalovich Gergiev (; born Moscow, 2 May 1953) is a Russian conductor and opera company director of Ossetian birth. He is general director and artistic director of the Mariinsky Theatre since 1988, and was principal conductor of the London Symphony Orchestra and principal guest conductor of the Metropolitan Opera, New York until 2022. Valery Gergiev is the artistic director of the White Nights Festival in Saint Petersburg.

Gergiev was born in Moscow but was brought up in North Ossetia in the Caucasus. He was not a child prodigy, but he began to play the piano at secondary school, before going on to study at the St. Petersburg Conservatory in Leningrad from 1972 to 1977. His main conducting teacher was Ilya Musin who was one of the greatest conductors and teachers of conducting in Russian musical history.

In 1978, he became assistant conductor at the Kirov Opera, now the Mariinsky Opera. His first conducting appearance was with Sergei Prokofiev's "War and Peace". He was chief conductor of the Armenian Philharmonic Orchestra from 1981 until 1985 - the year he made his first appearance in the United Kingdom, together with pianist Evgeny Kissin, and violinists Maxim Vengerov and Vadim Repin, at The Lichfield Festival.

In 1991 Gergiev conducted the Bavarian State Opera in a performance of Modest Mussorgsky's "Boris Godunov" in Munich. In the same year he made his American début, performing "War and Peace" with the San Francisco Opera. Since then he has conducted operas and concerts all over the world. Gergiev performs at many music festivals, including the "White Nights" festival in Saint Petersburg. 

He became the chief conductor and artistic director of the Mariinsky in 1988, and overall director of the company, appointed by the Russian government, in 1996. 

From 1995 to 2008 he was conductor of the Rotterdam Philharmonic Orchestra. In 1997, Gergiev became principal guest conductor of the Metropolitan Opera in New York City.

In 2003, he conducted at the Mariinsky Theatre the first complete cycle of Wagner's "The Ring of the Nibelung" to be performed in Russia for over 90 years. He also conducted this production in Cardiff in 2006 at the Wales Millennium Centre, and in Costa Mesa, California in October 2006 at the Orange County Performing Arts Center. This production was presented at the Lincoln Center in New York City in July 2007 where it was an enormous success.

In 2005 he became conductor of the London Symphony Orchestra.

Gergiev is well known for conducting without a baton, but a toothpick.

Gergiev has worked hard in England to bring music to a wide audience including children. He has often supported peace in the Caucasus during times of conflict between Georgia and South Ossetia. After the 2004 Beslan school massacre, Gergiev made an appeal on television for calm and against any revenge. He conducted concerts in tribute to the victims of the massacre.

In August 2008 Gergiev conducted the Orchestra of the Mariinsky Theatre in a concert given in the ruined headquarters of the South Ossetia separatist government. There had been a short war between Georgia and Russia because South Ossetia, which had been part of Georgia, wanted to be independent. The Georgian government tried to force them not to break away, but the Russian government did not want Georgia to do this. The concert, which was broadcast live on Russian television, was in support of the Russian action. Some people in the West did not agree that Gergiev should have supported Russia in this way.

In 1999, Gergiev married the musician Natalya Debisova and they have three children.

Chris Rock

Christopher Julius Rock (born February 7, 1965) is an American actor, comedian, director, producer and screenwriter. He was born in Andrews, South Carolina and raised in Brooklyn, New York City. He is known for his jokes about racial stereotypes; he talks a lot about differences that are common between black people and white people in the United States. Rock has been in many television shows, such as "Everybody Hates Chris" and movies, such as "Dogma".

At the 94th Academy Awards in March 2022, actor Will Smith slapped Rock after he made a joke about Smith's wife, Jada Pinkett Smith's, bald head.

Province of Bari

Bari was a province in the region of Apulia in Italy.

Province of Brindisi

Brindisi is a province in the region of Apulia in Italy.

Province of Foggia

Foggia is a province in the region of Apulia in Italy.

Province of Lecce

Lecce is a province in the region of Apulia in Italy.

Province of Taranto

Taranto is a province in the region of Apulia in Italy.

Province of L'Aquila

The province of L'Aquila () is a province in the Abruzzo region of Southern Italy. Its capital is the city of L'Aquila.

It is the largest province of the region but the one with fewest people living in it; it is a landlocked province, that is, surrounded by other provinces by all sides.

L'Aquila is the largest province in the Abruzzo region. It is almost half of the area of the region: it has area of . The province is bordered on the north by Tuscany, to the northeast by the province of Teramo, to the east by the Pescara and Province of Chieti provinces, to the south and southeast with the Molise region (province of Isernia), and to the west and southwest by the Lazio region (province of Frosinone, Rome and province of Rieti).

The main river in the province is the Aterno-Pescara river, known here as "Aterno"; it starts in the "Monti della Laga" and flows through the province.

L'Aquila is the province of the Abruzzo region with more mountains; there are three mountain ranges that go from the northwest to the southeast, and that are parallels to the coastline: "Monti della Gaga", "Gran Sasso" and "Majella massif". The highest mountain in the province is "Monte Amaro",() in the "Majella massif", Apennines; it is high and is the highest mountain of three provinces: Chieti, L'Aquila and Pescara of the Abruzzo.

There are 301,910 persons living in the province (January 2017), for a population density of inhabitants/km².
This population has been more or less stable for a long time.
The largest "comune" is L'Aquila, with and the smallest is Villa Sant'Angelo, with . The "comune" with fewest people living in it is Carapelle Calvisio with 88 inhabitants.

The following table shows the 10 "comuni" with more inhabitants with their population, and their area and altitude.



Province of Chieti

The province of Chieti () is a province in the Abruzzo region of Southern Italy. Its capital is the city of Chieti, and the province borders the Adriatic Sea.

Chieti is the most eastern province in Abruzzo and has an area of , the second largest province in the region after the province of L'Aquila. The province is bordered to the north and east by the Adriatic Sea, to the northwest by the province of Pescara, to the southwest by the province of L'Aquila and to south and southeast with Molise (to the south with the province of Isernia and to the southeast with the province of Campobasso).

The main rivers in the province areː

The highest mountain in the province is "Monte Amaro",() in the "Majella massif", Apennines; it is high and is the highest mountain of three provinces: Chieti, L'Aquila and Pescara of the Abruzzo.

There are 389,169 persons living in the province (January 2017), for a population density of inhabitants/km².

Evolution of the population

There are 104 municipalities (or "comuni") in the province; they are:

The largest "comune" is Atessa, with and the smallest is Pietraferrazzana, with . Two "comuni" have less than 100 inhabitantsː Montebello sul Sangro with 92 inhabitants, and Montelapiano with 83 inhabitants.

The following table shows the 10 "comuni" with more inhabitants with their population, and their area and altitude.



Province of Teramo

The province of Teramo () is a province in the Abruzzo region of Central Italy. Its capital is the city of Teramo, and the province borders the Adriatic Sea.

Teramo is in the northeast of Abruzzo and has an area of , the third largest province in the region after the provinces of L'Aquila and Chieti. The province is bordered to the east by the Adriatic Sea, to the north by the province of Ascoli Piceno (Marche region), to the northwest by the province of Rieti (Lazio region), to the southwest by the province of L'Aquila and to the south by the province of Pescara.

The main river in the province is the Vomano, long, that flows into the Adriatic Sea.

The highest mountain in the province (and in the Abruzzo region) is Corno Grande (), with an altitude of .

There are 309,859 persons living in the province (January 2017), for a population density of inhabitants/km².

Evolution of the population

There are 47 municipalities (or "comuni") in the province; they are:

The largest "comune" is Teramo, with and the smallest is Nereto, with . Two "comuni" have less than 300 inhabitantsː Fano Adriano with 288 inhabitants, and Pietracamela with 263 inhabitants.

The following table shows the 10 "comuni" with more inhabitants with their population, and their area and altitude.

From north to south, the province of Teramo has seven blue flag beaches on the Adriatric Seacoast, called the "Seven Sisters"; they are:



Province of Pescara

The province of Pescara () is a province in the Abruzzo region of Southern Italy, along the Adriatic Sea. Its capital is the city of Pescara.

Pescara is the smallest province in Abruzzo with an area of . The province is bordered to the northeast by the Adriatic Sea, to the north by the province of Teramo, to the east by the province of Chieti, and to the south and west by the province of L'Aquila.

The final part of the Aterno-Pescara river flows through this province; other rivers are smaller and most of them are tributaries of the Aterno-Pescara river. The city of Pescara, the capital of the province, is at the mouth of this river.

The highest mountain in the province is "Monte Amaro",() in the "Majella massif", Apennines; it is high and is the highest mountain of three provinces: Chieti, L'Aquila and Pescara of the Abruzzo.

There are 321,309 persons living in the province (January 2017), for a population density of inhabitants/km².

Evolution of the population

There are 46 municipalities (or "comuni") in the province; they are:

The largest "comune" is Penne, with and the smallest is Cappelle sul Tavo, with . The "comune" with fewest people living in it is Corvara with 247 inhabitants.

The following table shows the 10 "comuni" with more inhabitants with their population, and their area and altitude.



Province of Perugia

The province of Perugia () is a province in the Umbria region of Central Italy. Its capital is the city of Perugia. The city of Perugia is also the capital of Umbria.

The province of Perugia was created in 1860 as "Province of the Umbria". At that time, the province was larger than now because the present Province of Terni was included.

In 1927, the old province of the Umbria was divided in two provinces, Perugia and Terni.

The province of Perugia, with an area of , is the larger of the two province in Umbria.

The province is bordered to the north and east by the Marche (Pesaro and Urbino, Ancona, Macerata and Ascoli Piceno provinces), to the south with Lazio (province of Rieti) and with the province of Terni, and to the west with Tuscany (Siena and Arezzo provinces).

The main river in the region is the Tiber. The largest lake of the province, and of Umbria, is the Trasimeno, one of the largest lake of Italy.

The highest mountain in the province is Cima del Redentore, in the same group of mountains of the Monte Vettore, with an altitude of .

There are four regional natural parks in the province of Perugia: "Parco di Colfiorito", "Parco del Lago Trasimeno", "Parco del Monte Cucco" and "Parco del Monte Subasio". The Monti Sibillini National Park () is mainly in the Manche region but part of it is in Umbria.

, there are 662,110 persons living in the province, for a population density of inhabitants/km².

The province has 59 "comuni". The "comuni" with more people living in them areː

The largest "comune" is Gubbio, with and the smallest is Paciano, with . The "comune" with fewest inhabitants is Poggiodomo with 117 inhabitants.



Province of Terni

The Province of Terni () is a province in the Umbria region of Central Italy. Its capital is the city of Terni.

The province of Terni was created in 1927 when the old "Province of the Umbria", created in 1860, was divided in two provinces, the Perugia and Terni provinces.

The province of Terni has an area of , one-third of both the area and population of the Umbria region.

The province is bordered to the north with the province of Perugia, to the east, south and west with the Lazio (the Rieti and Viterbo provinces) and to north-west with the Tuscany (province of Siena).

The province is in the southwest of the Umbria region, in the last part of the Nera river valley near the confluence with the Velino river, and the eastern part of the valley of the Tiber river.

The highest mountain in the province is Monte Aspra (), in the eastern part of the province, with an altitude of .

There are two fluvial parks, to protect two rivers and their areas around them, in the province of Terni: "Parco fluviale del Tevere" ("Fluvial park of the Tiber") and "Parco fluviale del Nera" ("Fluvial park of the Nera").

, there are 229,071 persons living in the province, for a population density of inhabitants/km².

The province of Terni has 33 "comuni". There are only four "comuni" with more than 10,000 people living in them; they areː
The largest "comune" is Orvieto, with and the three smallest are Attigliano (), Montefranco () and Penna in Teverina (). Only two "comuni" have less than 1,000 inhabitantsː Parrano with 534 inhabitants, and Polino with 233 inhabitants



Spurgeon's

Spurgeon's (it used to be called Spurgeon's Child Care) is a charity based in England. It has international projects in Mexico, Africa and Eastern Europe. Spurgeon's was founded in 1867 by Charles Spurgeon. He started it to care for fatherless boys. The first girls were accepted in 1879.

Spurgeon's originally started as an orphanage. It was called Stockwell Orphanage, and was started by Spurgeon in 1867. It was located in what is now Stockwell Park Estate, in Stockwell, London. It opened on 9 September 1869, and was originally for boys only. The orphanage had places for 250 children to live. These children were fed, clothed and taught at the orphanage. This all cost about £5,000 each year. The money to pay for this mainly came from donations.

The orphanage was a home for boys without fathers between the ages of six and ten. Even though the orphanage was created by Baptists, boys of any religion were accepted there. In 1879, other buildings for children to live in were added to the orphanage. This allowed the orphanage to begin letting girls live there also.

Stockwell Orphanage was open until London was bombed in the Second World War. It later turned into Spurgeon's Child Care (and then into Spurgeon's). It is now mainly in England, but has international projects in Mexico, Africa and Eastern Europe.


Mastodon

Mastodons or Mastodonts are elephants of the extinct genus "Mammut" and the family Mammutidae. Mastodons became extinct about 11,000 years ago. 

Mastodons, with mammoths, modern elephants and various older families, are members of the order Proboscidea. As adults they stood between 2.5 and 3 meters (8-10 feet) at the shoulder and weighed between 3500 and 5400 kilograms (4-6 tons). 

Mastodons were browsers on leaves and branches, as shown by their molar teeth.

"M. americanum" was the American mastodon, and "M. pacificus" was the Pacific mastodon. They are the youngest and best-known species of the genus. Mastodons disappeared from North America as part of a mass extinction of most of the Pleistocene megafauna.

Stone tools and bones from a butchered mastodon were found at the bottom of a river in Florida. After a four-year investigation, researchers decided that humans lived there and made a meal of a mastodon 14,550 years ago.

Lost Boys (novel)

Lost Boys (1992) is the first horror novel written by Orson Scott Card.


Isleham

Isleham is a small village and civil parish in the English county of Cambridgeshire.


River Lark

The River Lark is a river in England. It flows into the River Great Ouse.

Pastwatch: The Redemption of Christopher Columbus

Pastwatch: The Redemption of Christopher Columbus (1996) is the first science fiction book in the Pastwatch series, and is written by Orson Scott Card. The book's story about the explorer named Christopher Columbus. Most of the book is about scientists who traveled back to the 1400s to change European meetings with the Americas.



New Park Street Chapel

The New Park Street Chapel was a Reformed Baptist church in Southwark, London. It was built in 1833. The Metropolitan Tabernacle at Elephant and Castle still worships there.



Exeter Hall

Exeter Hall was a hall on the north side of The Strand, London, England. It was built between 1829 and 1831. The hall could hold about 3,000 people. It was used for religious and philanthropic meetings. 


William Jewell College

William Jewell College is a private, four-year Christian liberal arts college. It has around 1,274 undergraduate students. It is in Liberty, Missouri, United States


Liberty, Missouri

Liberty is a city in Clay County, Missouri. It is suburb of Kansas City, Missouri. At the 2020 census the city population was 30,167. It is the county seat of Clay County. Liberty is also home to William Jewell College.


WWE Draft

The World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE) Draft Lottery, also known as the World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE) Draft, is a device used to provide new brand competition and to refresh the promotion's rosters. The Draft was first used during the brand extension of 2002 and the brand extension of 2006, but was officially created and used in 2004, 2005, 2007, and 2008.

On June 10, 2002, McMahon became the kayfabe sole owner of World Wrestling Entertainment when he beat Ric Flair in a No-Holds-Barred match. The following month, he named general managers (Eric Bischoff and Stephanie McMahon) to lead each brand. Since then, there have been five further drafts:

Whether a champion keeps their championship after being drafted is unpredictable. During the 2005 Draft, John Cena, the WWE Champion, was drafted from SmackDown! to RAW and kept his championship. General Manager Theodore Long announced that a new SmackDown! World Championship was to be created but the idea was abandoned when Batista, the World Heavyweight Champion, was drafted to SmackDown! from RAW, bringing the title with him. During the 2007 Draft, however, the ECW World Champion Bobby Lashley was stripped of the title after being drafted to RAW.

In the 2008 draft, ECW Champion Kane was drafted to RAW. WWE Champion Triple H was drafted to SmackDown. WWE United States Champion Matt Hardy was drafted to ECW. This caused SmackDown to have two championships and RAW had the ECW Championship. ECW had no top championship but did gain the United States Championship. The World Heavyweight Championship was moved back to RAW on June 30, 2008, when CM Punk defeated Edge. ECW wrestler Mark Henry won the ECW championship on June 29, 2008, at the Night of Champions pay-per-view to return that championship to ECW. This caused each brand to have its own top championship once again.

In 2009, WWE Champion Triple H was drafted back to Raw with the championship. Also Intercontinental Champion, Rey Mysterio was drafted to SmackDown and United States Champion, MVP was drafted to Raw. Divas Champion, Maryse was drafted to Raw and Women's Champion, Melina was drafted to SmackDown. At Backlash, Edge beat John Cena in a Last Man Standing match (with help from Big Show) to bring the World Heavyweight Championship back to SmackDown and to have the championships evenly divided.

In 2011, United States Champion, Sheamus was drafted to SmackDown. At Extreme Rules, Kofi Kingston defeated him in a tables match to bring the title back to Raw.



Battle of Iwo Jima

The Battle of Iwo Jima was the American capture of the Japanese island of Iwo Jima during the Pacific Campaign of World War II. The USA needed to capture Iwo Jima to be able to defeat Japan. Many films were made about it, for example "Flags of our Fathers" and "Letters from Iwo Jima", that were both directed by Clint Eastwood.

It lasted from 19 February – 26 March 1945. It was a major battle in which the United States Armed Forces captured the island of Iwo Jima from the Japanese Empire.

The Americans wanted to capture the island, including its three airfields, and use this area for attacks on the Japanese main islands. This five-week battle had violent fighting.

After suffering such heavy losses, people questioned why the US went into the battle. The island was not useful for the Navy or Air Force.

The Imperial Japanese Army had thick defenses and underground tunnels for cover. The Americans had ships that could fire on the island and total control of the air. 
This invasion was the first American attack on Japanese home territory.

The Japanese general, Tadamichi Kuribayashi, and his soldiers refused to surrender. He and his officers said they would fight until they died.

There were 22,000 Japanese soldiers on Iwo Jima at the beginning of the battle, and only 216 were taken prisoner at the end.

About 3,000 Japanese soldiers kept fighting for weeks.

With no retreat and no possibility of reinforcements, the Japanese had dug in and prepared to fight until they died. This meant that winning the battle, meant the Americans would have to destroy the entire Japanese force stationed on the island.

The battle was made famous by Joe Rosenthal's photograph of the raising of the U.S. flag on top of the Mount Suribachi.

This photo became an important image of this battle, of the war in the Pacific, and of the Marine Corps.

After the Americans captured the Marshall Islands in January 1944, the Japanese military leaders thought about their situation.

It looked like the Americans would go toward the Mariana Islands and the Carolines. The Imperial Japanese Army and the Imperial Japanese Navy (I.J.N.) set up a line of defences.

In March 1945, the Japanese 31st Army, commanded by General Hideyoshi Obata, was ordered to defend this line.

The commander of the Japanese group on Chichi Jima was placed in command of Army and Navy units in the Volcano Islands. The Americans had started bombing Japan every day after they captured the Marianas. The Japanese were using Iwo Jima to transmit radio reports of American bomber activity.

After the U.S. captured bases in the Marshalls in February 1944, Japanese Army and Navy troops were sent to Iwo Jima. Iwo Jima had more than 5,000 men.

The loss of the Marianas during the summer of 1944 made the Japanese worried about the Volcano Islands. They knew that the Americans could launch air attacks on Japan if these islands were captured. However, it was hard for Japan to defend the Volcano Islands because the Imperial Japanese Navy had lost almost all of its ships.

Japan could not build new airplanes until March or April 1945. Even then, these planes could not fly to Iwo Jima from Japan. Japan did not have enough pilots and other aircrew.

Iwo Jima was important for two reasons: it was an air base for Japanese fighter planes, and it was a safe place for Japanese ships. In addition, it was used by the Japanese to do air attacks on the Mariana Islands.

Capturing Iwo Jima would deny the air base from the Japanese and provide a place from which to launch the invasion of Japan.

When the US decided to invade Iwo Jima, experts thought it would be captured in one week, but hundreds of tons of Allied bombs had not harmed the entrenched Japanese defenders.

By June 1944, Lieutenant General Tadamichi Kuribayashi was ordered to defend Iwo Jima. He knew that Japan could not win the battle, but hoped to inflict enough casualties to dissuade the Allies from invading Japan.

Kuribayashi created strong defences with heavy weapons such as heavy machine guns and artillery. Extensive tunnels were dug, and Land mines were placed all over the island.

Starting on 15 June 1944, the U.S. Navy and the U.S. Army Air Forces began to attack the island. Naval artillery shellings and air bombings were done for nine months. Each heavy warship fired for approximately six hours.

These efforts failed to achieve desired effects due to the Japanese defenses. The American bombings continued until 19 February 1945: the day the Marines landed on the island.

About 450 American ships were near Iwo Jima. The battle involved about 60,000 U.S. Marines.

At 08:59, 30,000 Marines began landing on the island. The Japanese held their fire for some time while men and material began to fill the beaches. Then the Japanese opened fire, and many in the first group of Marines were killed by the machine guns.

Japanese heavy artillery was protected by steel doors that closed to protect the guns between shots. This made it difficult for American units to destroy Japanese artillery. The Japanese soldiers hid in the tunnel system.

With tanks, naval artillery, and air bombing on Mount Suribachi, the Marines were able to get past the beaches. About 40,000 more Marines landed later.

The fighting on Iwo Jima was very violent. The Marines’ advance was stopped by defensive positions and artillery. The Marines used flamethrowers and grenades to kill Japanese troops in the tunnels.

Eight Sherman M4A3R3 medium tanks with a flamethrower destroyed Japanese defences. The Japanese ran out of water, food, and supplies. The Japanese made more nighttime attacks. Most Japanese soldiers fought to the death.

"Raising the Flag on Iwo Jima" is a photograph taken on 23 February 1945 by Joe Rosenthal. It shows five Marines and a U.S. Navy corpsman raising the flag of the United States on Mount Suribachi. The photograph was popular. It won a Pulitzer Prize for Photography.

The Japanese troops stayed in the tunnels . They were all killed.

The Japanese still held positions on the north end. Kuribayashi had eight infantry battalions, a tank regiment, two artillery battalions, and three heavy mortar battalions. He also had about 5,000 gunners and naval infantry.

The Marines' tanks were destroyed by Japanese fire and mines. Many Americans were killed or wounded.

The Marines attacked in the darkness with no bombing before the attack. Many Japanese soldiers were killed while still sleeping.

On the evening of 8 March, Captain Samaji Inouye and his 1,000 men attacked the Americans causing 347 casualties (90 deaths). The Marines counted 784 dead Japanese soldiers the next day.

There was also a "kamikaze" air attack on the ships anchored at sea on 21 February. This sunk the escort carrier and severely damaged the . There was minor damage to the escort carrier , an LST, and a transport.

On 16 March, Kuribayashi's soldiers were still alive on the northwestern end of the island. On 21 March, the Marines blew up the Japanese with four tons of explosives. On 24 March, Marines sealed up the caves.

A 300-man Japanese force attacked Airfield No. 2. There was a 90-minute fight and it suffered heavy casualties (53 killed, 120 wounded). The island was finally captured at 09:00 on 26 March.

In the Pacific the United States used the M2 flamethrower. These flamethrowers were used to kill Japanese in caves. Marines also had flamethrowers on tanks which were used during battle. They were less useful because of Iwo Jima's rough land. Many other infantry weapons were utilized, including the infamous M1 Garand.

Of the 22,060 Japanese soldiers on the island, 18,844 died from fighting or by suicide. Only 216 were captured during the battle. After Iwo Jima, 3,000 hid in the tunnels.

The 36-day battle for Iwo Jima resulted in more than 26,000 American casualties, including 6,800 dead. By comparison, the 82-day battle for Okinawa resulted in casualties of over 62,000, of whom over 12,000 were killed or missing. Iwo Jima was also the only U.S. Marine battle where the Americans suffered more casualties than the Japanese.

Because they had all been removed, there were no civilian casualties at Iwo Jima, unlike at Saipan and Okinawa.

Given the number of casualties, the importance of the island's capture is controversial.

Iwo Jima was not used by the US Army Air Corp to drop the atomic bombs on Japan. Tinian was the Island both bombers left to bomb Hiroshima and Nagasaki, which were 12 hours out and back.

The argument for capturing Iwo Jima was that it provided a landing and refueling airfield for fighter escorts. Yet, only ten missions were ever flown from Iwo Jima.

Japanese fighter aircraft based on Iwo Jima sometimes attacked the US forces. Only 11 B-29s were lost.
The Japanese on Iwo Jima had radar and could notify Japanese forces at home of B-29 Superfortresses flying from the Mariana Islands.

However, the capture of Iwo Jima did not affect the Japanese radar system.

The United States Navy has several ships of the name .

On 19 February 1985, the 40th anniversary of the landings, an event called the Reunion of Honor was held. The veterans of both sides who fought in the battle of Iwo Jima attended the event. A memorial was built. Representatives of both countries shook hands.

The importance of the battle to Marines today can be seen. Marines go to the island and to the summit of Suribachi.

The Japanese government continues to search for the bodies of Japanese military troops who were killed during the battle.

The Medal of Honor is the highest military decoration awarded by the United States government. It is given to a member of the United States armed forces who show bravery and risks his life in a battle. The medal is often awarded after death. It has been given only 3,464 times.

During this one-month-long battle, 27 U.S. military personnel were given the Medal of Honor for their actions, 14 of them after death.



John 3:16

John 3:16 (chapter 3, verse 16 of the Gospel of John) is a verse from the Christian Bible. It has been called the "Gospel in a nutshell." It is also thought to be one of the most important doctrines of Christianity.

Le Chatelier's principle

Le Châtelier's principle is a principle used in Chemistry and Physics to describe how a system at equilibrium reacts to external changes. 

It is used to show how the point of equilibrium of a system will move to oppose a change in the conditions of the system, following Newton's third law. This is most commonly seen in reversible reactions in chemistry, where a chemical reaction has reached a point where the formation of products happens at the same rate the products decay back into reactants. This principle can then be used to increase the amount of desired products made by moving equilibrium towards that side in chemical industries.

If the concentration of reactants in a reaction increases, the point of equilibrium moves towards the products as this gets rid of the excess reactants and cancels the change. Similarly, if the concentration of products increases, the equilibrium moves towards the reactants.

If the pressure of a system increases, the point of equilibrium will shift to the side with less moles, as that side will occupy less volume and therefore will reduce the pressure.

If the temperature of a system is increased, the point of equilibrium moves towards whichever side is more endothermic as this will take in the excess energy as part of the products and so cancels the change of increased temperature.

This principle is also shown by Lenz's law, which states that a changing magnetic flux will produce an opposing magnetic flux (and therefore a magnetic and electric field) in any nearby metals. This will then produce a second current in the nearby metal in the opposite direction to the original current. 


Continental United States

The continental United States is the area of the United States of America that is located in the continent of North America. It includes 49 of the 50 states (48 of which are located south of Canada and north of Mexico, known as the "lower 48 states", the other being Alaska) and the District of Columbia, which contains the federal capital, Washington, D.C. The only state which is not part of this is Hawaii (as it is islands in the Pacific Ocean and is not part of North America).

"On May 14, 1959, the U.S. Board on Geographic Names issued the following definitions based partially on the reference in the Alaska Omnibus Bill, which defined the Continental United States as "the 49 States on the North American Continent and the District of Columbia..." The Board reaffirmed these definitions on May 13, 1999."

Some sources incorrectly mix up the "continental United States" with the "contiguous United States" (which consists simply of the lower 48 states and the District of Columbia). The contiguous United States (also known as the United States Mainland) does not include Alaska, Hawaii, or any other territories under the control of the United States.

Alaska is unique among the US states as it is part of the North American continent, meaning it is attached via Canada, and so is part of the "Continental United States". However, Alaska is not part of the "Contiguous United States", because it is not attached directly to the lower 48 states.

Bible Belt

The Bible Belt is term for a part of the United States in which many people believe in conservative Evangelical Protestantism. This makes it a dominant part of the culture. The Bible Belt is mainly located in the Southern United States.

British people

Britons, British people, or the British are people from Britain – either from the United Kingdom or the island of Great Britain. In history, the people of the British Empire, and later the British Commonwealth, were also named British or Britons.

The first people to be named Britons were the people of ancient Britain, the ancient Britons. The ancient Romans named the people of Britain in . People from Roman Britain called themselves in . Bede used the spelling in , the spelling of which was possibly learned from the Old English word of the same meaning.

Originally, the word Briton in the English language meant a person from one of the Brythonic languages-speaking peoples in Great Britain and northern France: mostly the people of Strathclyde, Wales, Cornwall, and Brittany. This meaning of the word was used in Middle English from the 13th century and after. In the 16th and 17th centuries, Briton could also be a name for Welsh people.

The use of Britons to mean all the people of Britain was not common in the English language before the early 18th century. It became more usual after the Acts of Union 1707 joined together the Kingdom of England and the Kingdom of Scotland into the United Kingdom of Great Britain. The word Briton was frequently used in the 18th and 19th centuries with the suggestion of "qualities of bravery and fortitude". The rare word "Britoness" was sometimes used in the past for women from Britain. Writers like Edmund Spenser, Thomas Babington Macaulay, and Alfred, Lord Tennyson used it for strong women like the ancient British queen Boudica (who fought the Romans) and the English queen, Elizabeth I (whose Royal Navy defeated the Spanish Armada).

To become a British citizen, there are many different thing that must be considered. Unlike some countries, a person is not a citizen of Britain just because they were born there. When they were born and the citizenship status of thieir parents can affect if the can be a citizen. Other things that may affect being a citizen of England include being married to a British citizen, having indefinite leave to remain (ILR) and then living in the UK for 12 months or if the person had "settled status".

Other things that may let a person apply for citizenship include having a British parent, being a citizen of another British country, not being a citizen of any country or having been a citizen in the past but giving up that citizenship. A person may also be able to apply if their parents came to the UK before 1973 and that person was also born in the UK or moved to it before they were 18. They must also have not moved away from the UK for more than two years.

Scissor-tailed flycatcher

The scissor-tailed flycatcher ("Tyrannus forficatus"), also known as the Texas bird-of-paradise and swallow-tailed flycatcher, is a type of bird that lives in North America, in the United States and Mexico. It eats insects. It is grey on top and light grey underneath with pink on the sides. The wings are dark and it has a long black tail. It is named "scissor-tailed" because its tail looks like a pair of scissors. The tail is shorter when it is young, and the bird is not as colorful.

The scissor-tailed flycatcher is closely related to the kingbirds. It is also the state bird of Oklahoma. The common name is derived from its former Latin name-Muscivoria forficata, meaning "flying"-"scissors" and "to devour." In Oklahoma, scissortails can be found on open prairies, along tree-lined roads, and along roadsides perched on fences, limbs and in isolated trees. They consume a great number of grasshoppers, crickets, spiders, and other ground-dwelling insects making them economically important and popular with farmers and ranchers.

Soon after the birds arrive in the state, the males begin their famous "sky dance," a popular site along roadsides during spring and early summer. After climbing about 100 feet in the air, the male makes a series of V-shaped flights, then plunges down in an erratic zigzag course often somersaulting while uttering a rolling, cackling call. The performance has been described as "an aerial ballet of incomparable grace." Nesting usually takes place in an isolated tree 7–30 feet above ground. Often two broods of 4-6 each are raised during the summer.

Scissor-tailed flycatchers are easily identified by their long scissor-like tail, which may reach nine inches in length. During flight the bird opens its tail like a pair of scissors and folds or closes the "scissors" when perching. The nape of its neck and its back are pearl gray, and the breast is white. Wings are sooty black with a touch of scarlet at the shoulders. The principal threat to scissortails is poaching. A great number of birds have been killed by poachers who wanted only the bird's tail.

Eastern redbud

Cercis canadensis L. (also known as the eastern redbud) is a large shrub or small tree native to eastern North America from southern Ontario, Canada south to northern Florida, United States. The tree is also the state tree of Oklahoma.

Black Mesa

Black Mesa is a mountain in Oklahoma. It is the highest point in the state.

Exit

EXIT or exit (lat. "exit" "he/she leaves", pl. "exeunt") may mean:







Cassowary

Cassowaries ("Casuarius") are a kind of large bird which cannot fly. They are in a group of flightless birds called the ratites. The ostrich, emu, moa (now extinct) and small kiwi are other ratites.

The cassowary lives in the tropical rainforests of New Guinea and north eastern Australia. They are shy birds living deep in the forest. They may become aggressive, and they may attack people. This makes it hard to learn about them.

A group of cassowaries is called a "shock".

There are three living species of cassowary:

The southern cassowary is the largest forest bird in the world, and the second heaviest bird in the world after the ostrich. It is third tallest after the ostrich and emu. Females are bigger and more brightly coloured. Adult southern cassowaries are between to tall. Some females may get as big as , and weigh about . They do not have feathers on their necks. The necks are brightly colored in red, blue, purple and yellow. The southern cassowary has two wattles, loose skin, which hangs down from their neck. The northern cassowary has one wattle. The dwarf cassowary has no wattles.

Cassowaries have three toes on each foot. Each has a sharp claw. The middle toe has a claw like a dagger, which is long. Because a cassowary can kick, this claw is very dangerous and can hurt or kill enemies. Scientists believe they can run up to . They can jump up to and they can swim. There have been reported attacks on people and animals by cassowaries. In April 1926, a cassowary killed a 16-year-old boy near Mossman, Queensland.

The cassowary's wings are small, and their feathers are different from other birds. They are not adapted for flying.

Females lay between three and eight large, pale green-blue eggs at a time. These large eggs are about by and weigh about 600 grams. Ostrich and emu eggs are bigger. The male sits on the eggs for two months until they hatch. He then looks after the brown-striped chicks for nine months. The female mates with two or three males each year. A cassowary at the Healesville Sanctuary lived for 61 years.

All three types of cassowary have a horn-like helmet called a "casque" on the top of their head. The casque is a keratinous skin (like a finger nail) over an inside made of firm, but foam like material. This material can be bent and squeezed but it goes back to its proper shape. The name "cassowary" comes from two Papuan words meaning "horned head". The reason for the casque is unknown. There are a number of different ideas, such as:

Biologist Andrew Mack has watched cassowaries and disagreed with many of these ideas. He thinks that the casques play a part in the way cassowaries hear sounds or the way that they make sounds. He discovered that the dwarf Cassowary and southern cassowary make a very low sound. It is the lowest known bird call, like a "boom", which people can only just hear. The southern cassowary sound was measured at 32 hertz, and the dwarf cassowary was even lower at only 23 hertz. The birds live by themselves, they do not live in groups so the "booming sound" might be a way for the birds to communicate (talk) over a long distance in thick rainforest. Some scientists think that this may be how dinosaurs communicated with each other.

Their main food is fruit, but they eat other things such as snails, fungi, ferns and flowers. They are important because they spread plant and fruit seeds through the forest. Each cassowary is known to live in an area of up to , so they carry seeds a long way. At least 70 rainforest trees need the cassowary to spread their seeds. Their seeds are too big for other rainforest animals to carry. Seeds from 21 plants have to be eaten and pass through the cassowary or they will not grow. Some seeds are poisonous to all other animals; only the cassowary can eat them. Scientists have worked out that about 150 rainforest plants need the cassowary.

The southern cassowary is now listed as endangered in Australia. The CSIRO states that approximately 4,400 cassowaries live in the Wet Tropics World Heritage Area. Many of the forest places that they like to live in have been cleared for farming and other development. It has been worked out that 75% of rain forest, where cassowaries used to live, have been cleared in Australia. When Cyclone Larry hit the Mission Beach area in 2006 a lot of cassowary forest was flattened. It is thought that 18% of the birds were killed by the storm. Animals such as wild pigs, dogs and cats, have become a big threat to the birds. Motor cars are a big danger to the birds. Scientists say that 70% of known cassowary deaths at Mission Beach, Queensland, were birds killed trying to cross roads.

The northern cassowary in New Guinea is listed as vulnerable. They could easily become an endangered animal unless things are done to protect them. Scientists do not know how many birds there are, but they think there may be anywhere from 2,500 to 9,999 northern cassowaries left.

The CSIRO are studying cassowary faeces to see if they can use their DNA to count how many birds are left. In 2008, the Australian Government stopped rainforest land being used to build houses at Mission Beach. They are going to try and keep corridors (narrow forest areas) so the birds can move between rainforest areas safely. People will be asked to replant forest trees and plants on their land to help make these corridors. The government is looking at buying land for more corridors. Scientists are finding out when and where cassowaries cross roads. This will mean strict limits on motor car speeds to protect cassowaries that might try to cross some roads. Plans are being looked at to build raised roads so the birds can pass underneath.

Many zoos, such as the Australian Reptile Park in Gosford, the Airlie Beach Wildlife Park and the Denver Zoo are trying to breed cassowaries. Cassowaries in zoos have lived for up to 60 years. The first cassowary kept in a zoo was in Amsterdam in 1597. It had been brought back as a present for the Holy Roman Emperor Rudolf II.

In 2007, Australian singer Christine Anu, made an album called "Chrissy's Island Family". This is a collection of songs for children. One of the songs is called "Cassowary". It is about Samu, the Wakka Woo cassowary. There is picture book for children, called "Sisi and the Cassowary", by Arone Raymond Meeks. It has drawings in traditional aboriginal style to tell a Dreamtime like story.

English natural history writer and artist, John Gould, had drawings of the cassowary in his set of seven books called "The Birds of Australia". These were printed in London between 1851 and 1869. The cassowary drawings were completed by Henry Richter. Richter's watercolor painting of the cassowary is in the museum in Melbourne, Victoria.


Province of Belluno

The Province of Belluno (; ) is a province in the Veneto region of Italy. Its capital is the city of Belluno.

The province of Belluno has an area of and is the most northern of the provinces of the Veneto region, and is almost entirely occupied by mountain areas. In the eastern part of the province are the Dolomites, part of the eastern Alps, with high mountains, including the highest point of the province and of the region, the Marmolada () that is high.

The province is rich in water, with the presence of the wide Piave river that flows through the province from north to south.

The southern part of the province is called "Valbelluna", the widest and most populous valley of the province.

The province of Belluno borders to the north with Austria (Tyrol and Carinthia), to the east with the Friuli Venezia Giulia region (Udine and Pordenone provinces), to the south with the Treviso and Vicenza provinces) and to the west and northwest with the Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol region (Trento and South Tyrol provinces).

, there are 206,856 persons living in the province, for a population density of inhabitants/km².
Evolution of the population in the Belluno province

In the province, there are two language minorities, which are now recognized by law:

There are 64 municipalities (or "comuni") in the province; they are:

The following shows the 10 "comuni" with the population, and the area and altitude.


Province of Padua

Padua () is a province in the region of Veneto in Italy.

Province of Rovigo

The Province of Rovigo () is a province in the Veneto region of Italy. Its capital is the city of Rovigo.

The province of Rovigo has an area of and is the most southern of the provinces of the Veneto region, and its territory is almost flat, without mountains. The highest point of the province is in the Bergantino "comune", to the west of the province; it is only high.

The province is rich in water, with the presence of the two longest rivers of Italy: the Po and the Adige rivers. Both flow from west to east and into the Adriatic Sea and most of the territory of the province is between these two rivers: the Adige in the north of the province and the Po in the south of it.

The province of Rovigo borders to the northwest with the Province of Verona. The Province of Padua and the Metropolitan City of Venice are to the north. The Province of Mantua (in the Lombardy region) is to the west. The Province of Ferrara (in the Emilia-Romagna region) is to the south. The Adriatic Sea is to the east.

, there are 240,540 persons living in the province, for a population density of inhabitants/km².
Evolution of the population in the Rovigo province

There are 50 municipalities (or "comuni") in the province; they are:

The following shows the 10 "comuni" with the population, and the area and altitude.


Oded Fehr

Oded Fehr (; born 23 November 1970 in Tel Aviv) is an Israeli film and television actor. He acted in "The Mummy".

Cascade

A cascade is 

Cascade may also mean:






WALES, UK

Cascade, Rhymney Valley,






Dromaeosauridae

Dromaeosaurs are a family of bird-like theropod dinosaurs. They include the famous "Velociraptor" and "Deinonychus". They were small to medium-sized feathered carnivores which flourished in the Cretaceous period. 

They are often called raptors, a term popularized by the movie "Jurassic Park". They were fast-running predators.

Dromaeosaurs eventually had a world-wide distribution. Isolated teeth suggest they first appeared in the Middle Jurassic, 167 million years ago (mya). But more complete records are not found before about 124 mya in the Lower Cretaceous. They spread to all continents. The group survived until the end of the Cretaceous, 65.5 mya at the K/T extinction event.

Although dromaeosaur teeth have been found in the Middle Jurassic, no dromaeosaurid body fossils have been found this early.

The Dromaeosaur skeleton suggests they were active, fast-running, and closely related to birds.

Dromaeosaurs have a relatively large skull, serrated teeth, narrow snout, and forward-facing eyes with some degree of binocular vision.

Dromaeosaurs, like most other theropods, had an S-curved neck, and their trunk was relatively short and deep. Like other maniraptorans, they had long arms, and relatively large hands with three long fingers ending in large claws.

The dromaeosaur hip structure featured a large 'pubic boot' (part of the hip) projecting beneath the base of the tail. These hip bones were places muscle and tendons attached.

Dromaeosaur feet bore a large, recurved claw on the second toe. Their tails were slender, and mainly used as a counterbalance.

Some, and probably all, dromaeosaurs were covered in feathers, including large, vaned, wing and tail feathers.

Like other theropods, dromaeosaurs were bipedal; that is, they walked on their hind legs. Other theropods walked with three toes on the ground, but fossilized footprint tracks show that most dromaeosaurs held the second toe off the ground, with only the third and fourth toes bearing the weight of the animal. The enlarged second toe had an unusually large, curved sickle-shaped claw. It is thought to have been used in capturing prey and, in the smaller species, climbing trees.

One dromaeosaur species, "Balaur bondoc", had a first toe which was modified to be in parallel with the second. Both the first and second toes on each foot of "B. bondoc" were also held retracted and bore enlarged, sickle-shaped claws.

Dromaeosaurs had long tails. Most of the tail vertebrae bear bony, rod-like extensions, as well as bony tendons in some species. In his study of "Deinonychus", Ostrom proposed that these features stiffened the tail so that it could only flex at the base, and the whole tail would then move as a single, rigid, lever. However, one well-preserved specimen of "Velociraptor mongoliensis" (IGM 100/986) has an articulated tail skeleton which is curved horizontally in an S-shape. This suggests that, in life, the tail could bend from side to side with some degree of flexibility. It has been proposed that this tail was used as a stabilizer and/or counterweight while running. In "Microraptor", an elongate diamond-shaped fan of feathers is preserved on the end of the tail. This might have been used as a stabilizer and rudder during gliding.

Dromaeosaurs were small to medium-sized dinosaurs, ranging from about 0.7 meters in length (2.3 ft, in the case of "Mahakala") to over 6m (20 ft, in "Utahraptor" and "Achillobator"). Some were larger: undescribed specimens of "Utahraptor" in the BYU collections may have been up to long. Large size appears to have evolved at least twice among dromaeosaurs. A possible third lineage of giant dromaeosaurs is shown by isolated teeth on the Isle of Wight, England. The teeth belong to a "Utahraptor"-sized animal but are more similar in shape to the teeth of velociraptorines.

"Mahakala" is both the most primitive dromaeosaur ever described and the smallest. This evidence, fits with "Microraptor" and the troodontid "Anchiornis". It suggests the common ancestor of dromaeosaurs, troodontids, and birds – the 'ancestral paravian' – may have been small, around 65 cm in length and 600 to 700 grams mass.

Fossils show that dromaeosaurs were covered in feathers. Some fossils preserve long feathers on the hands, arms and tail, as well as shorter, down-like feathers on the body.

Other fossils, which do not preserve actual impressions of feathers, still preserve the associated bumps on the forearm bones where long wing feathers would have attached in life. Overall, this feather pattern looks very much like "Archaeopteryx".

The first known dromaeosaur with definite evidence of feathers was "Sinornithosaurus". This was reported in China by Xu "et al." in 1999.

Many other dromaeosaur fossils have been found with feathers covering their bodies, some with fully-developed feathered wings. "Microraptor" even shows evidence of a second pair of wings on the hind legs. While direct feather impressions are only possible in fine-grained sediments, some fossils found in coarser rocks show evidence of feathers by the presence of quill knobs, the attachment points for wing feathers possessed by some birds. The dromaeosaurids "Rahonavis" and "Velociraptor" have both been found with quill knobs, showing that these forms had feathers despite no impressions having been found.

So, it is most likely that even the larger ground-dwelling dromaeosaurs had feathers, since even flightless birds today have plumage. Relatively large dromaeosaurs, like "Velociraptor", had feathers.

There is some discussion about the function of the enlarged "sickle claw" on the second toe. When John Ostrom described it for "Deinonychus" in 1969, he interpreted the claw as a blade-like slashing weapon, much like the canines of some saber-toothed cats, used with powerful kicks to cut into prey. Adams (1987) suggested that the talon was used to disembowel large ceratopsian dinosaurs. The interpretation of the sickle claw as a killing weapon applied to all dromaeosaurs.

In Manning's interpretation, the second toe claw would be used as a climbing aid when subduing bigger prey and also as stabbing weapon.

Ostrom compared "Deinonychus" to the ostrich and cassowary. He noted that the bird species can inflict serious injury with the large claw on the second toe. The cassowary has claws up to long. The seriema also has an enlarged second toe claw, and uses it to tear apart small prey items for swallowing.

The Manning team also compared the curvature of the dromaeosarid "sickle claw" on the foot with curvature in modern birds and mammals. Previous studies had shown that the amount of curvature in a claw corresponded to what lifestyle the animal has: animals with strongly curved claws of a certain shape tend to be climbers, while straighter claws indicate ground-dwelling lifestyles. The sickle-claws of the dromaeosaurid "Deinonychus" have a curvature of 160 degrees, well within the range of climbing animals. The forelimb claws they studied also fell within the climbing range of curvature.

Paleontologist Peter Mackovicky said that small, primitive dromaeosaurids (such as "Microraptor") were likely to have been tree-climbers, but that climbing did not explain why later, gigantic dromaeosaurids such as "Achillobator" retained highly curved claws when they were too large to have climbed trees.

"Deinonychus" fossils have been uncovered in small groups near the remains of the herbivore "Tenontosaurus", a larger ornithischian dinosaur. This had been interpreted as evidence that these dromaeosaurs hunted in coordinated packs like some modern mammals. However, not all paleontologists found the evidence conclusive, and a study in 2007 by Roach and Brinkman suggests that the "Deinonychus" may have actually displayed a disorganized mobbing behavior.

The first known extensive dromaeosaur trackway was found in Shandong, China.

The trackway, (made by a large, "Achillobator"-sized species), showed the sickle-claw was held off the ground. Six individuals of about equal size moved together along a shoreline. The individuals were spaced about one meter apart, and retained the same direction of travel, walking at a fairly slow pace. The trackways are evidence that some species of dromaeosaurs lived in groups. While the trackways clearly do not represent hunting behavior, the idea that groups of dromaeosaurs may have hunted together can not be ruled out.

The ability to fly or glide has been suggested for at least two dromaeosaur genera. The first, "Rahonavis" was originally classified as avian bird, but found to be a dromaeosaur in later studies. It may have been capable of powered flight. The forelimbs of "Rahonavis" were more powerfully built than "Archaeopteryx", and show evidence that they bore strong ligament attachments necessary for flapping flight. Luis Chiappe concluded that, given these adaptations, "Rahonavis" could probably fly but would have been more clumsy in the air than modern birds.

Another species of dromaeosaur, "Microraptor", may have been capable of gliding using its well-developed wings on both the fore and hind limbs. A 2005 study by Sankar Chatterjee suggested that the wings of "Microraptor" functioned like a split-level "biplane", and that it likely employed a style of gliding, in which it would launch from a perch and swoop downward in a 'U' shaped curve, then lift again to land on another tree, with the tail and hind wings helping to control its position and speed. Chatterjee also found that "Microraptor" had the basic requirements to sustain level powered flight in addition to gliding.

Dromaeosaurs share many features with early birds (clade Avialae or Aves). The nature of their relationship to birds is under discussion.

Mark Norell and colleagues analyzed a survey of coelurosaur fossils and suggested that dromaeosaurs were most closely related to birds, with troodontids as a more distant outgroup. In 2002, Hwang and colleagues suggested that birds (avialans) were better thought of as cousins to the dromaeosaurids and troodontids.

The current consensus among paleontologists agrees with Hwang that dromaeosaurids are most closely related to the troodontids, and together with the troodontids form the clade Deinonychosauria. Deinonychosaurians in turn are the sister taxon to avialans, and therefore the closest relatives of avialan birds.

A consensus of paleontologists has concluded that there is not yet enough evidence to say whether any dromaeosaurs could fly or glide, or whether they evolved from ancestors that could.

At least two schools of researchers have proposed that dromaeosaurs may actually be descended from flying ancestors.

In 2002, Hwang "et al." found that "Microraptor" was the most primitive dromaeosaur. Xu and colleagues in 2003 cited the basal position of "Microraptor", along with feather and wing features, as evidence that the ancestral dromaeosaur could glide. In that case the larger dromaeosaurs would be secondarily terrestrial—having lost the ability to glide later in their evolutionary history.

A few researchers, like Larry Martin, believe that dromaeosaurs, along with all maniraptorans are not dinosaurs at all. Martin asserted for decades that birds were unrelated to maniraptorans, but in 2004 he changed his position, and now he agrees that the two are the closest of relatives. Martin believes that maniraptorans are secondarily flightless birds, and that birds evolved from non–dinosaurian archosaurs, so that most of the species formerly called theropods would now not even be classified as dinosaurs.

A challenge to all of these alternative scenarios came when Turner and colleagues in 2007 described a new dromaeosaur, "Mahakala", which they found to be the most basal and most primitive member of the Dromaeosauridae, more primitive than "Microraptor".

"Mahakala" had short arms and no ability to glide. Turner "et al." also inferred that flight evolved only in the Avialae, and these two points suggested that the ancestral dromaeosaurid could not glide or fly. Based on this cladistic analysis, "Mahakala" suggests that the ancestral condition for dromaeosaurids is non-flying.

The family Dromaeosauridae was named in 1922, with only one new genus "Dromaeosaurus". Dromaeosauridae, along with Troodontidae, make up the infraorder Deinonychosauria.

Dromaeosauridae was first defined as a clade by Paul Sereno in 1998, as the most inclusive natural group containing "Dromaeosaurus" but not "Troodon", "Ornithomimus" or "Passer". The various "subfamilies" have also been re-defined as clades.

The subfamilies of Dromaeosauridae is not yet settled. "Mahakala", for example, the most primitive dromaeosaur in terms of structure, falls outside any named sub-group. The most basal subfamily of dromaeosaurs is often found to be the Unenlagiinae.

All known dromaeosaur skin impressions come from this group, and all show an extensive covering of feathers and well-developed wings. Some species may have been capable of active flight.

The following classification of the various genera of dromaeosaurids is based on studies by Sereno (2005), Senter (2004), Makovicky "et al." (2005), Norell "et al." (2006), and Turner "et al." (2007).

A "Deinonychus" appears in John Brosnan's 1984 novel "Carnosaur" and its movie adaptation though the book itself received little press attention.

"Velociraptor", a dromaeosaur, got attention after it was featured in the 1993 Steven Spielberg movie "Jurassic Park". However, the size of the "Velociraptor" in the movie is much larger than the largest members of that genus. Robert Bakker recalled that Spielberg had been disappointed with the dimensions of "Velociraptor" and so upsized it.

Michael Crichton used the name "Velociraptor" for the much larger raptor in his novels, on which the first two movies were based. The depiction of the dromaeosaur in the original "Jurassic Park" movie, while accurate for its time, is now known to have been inaccurate in some respects, such as the lack of feathers. While "Jurassic Park III" attempted to address this last oversight by adding quill-like structures around the head of some of its dromaeosaurs, they did not resemble the structure or distribution of actual dromaeosaurid feathers known from fossil remains.

Dromaeosaurids also appear in many of "The Land Before Time" movies, beginning with the third.


Province of Treviso

The Province of Treviso () is a province in the Veneto region of Italy. Its capital is the city of Treviso.

The province of Treviso has an area of and is formed mainly by plains but there are hills in the northern part. In the border with the Belluno province, there are some mountains over high, found mainly in the Dolomites, part of the eastern Alps; the highest mountain of the province is Monte Grappa ) that is high and is on the border with the Belluno and Vicenza provinces.

The province is rich in water; the main river is the Piave river that flows through the province from north to south.

The province of Treviso borders to the north with the Belluno province, to the east with the Friuli Venezia Giulia region (Pordenone province), to the south with the Padua province and the Metropolitan City of Venice, and to the west with the Vicenza province.

, there are 885,447 persons living in the province, for a population density of inhabitants/km².
Evolution of the population in the Treviso province

There are 95 municipalities (or "comuni") in the province; they are:

The following shows the 12 "comuni" with the population, and the area and altitude.


Province of Venice

Venice () was a province in the region of Veneto in Italy.

Bullfrog

The American bullfrog ("Rana catesbeiana" or "Lithobates catesbeianus") is a semi-aquatic frog. It belongs to the family Ranidae, or 'true frogs'. Bullfrogs are native to most of North America, Canada and Mexico. The ones that live in northern America hibernate during winter. However, bullfrogs in southern US states are active all the time. Bullfrogs have been seen in South America, Asia, Western Europe and the Caribbean. These bullfrogs were brought on ships. Many people, including pet owners, have placed bullfrogs outside of their native area. They have done this: on purpose because they no longer want them, to control the pest population, or by accident by catching them in fishing nets.

Bullfrogs can adapt and live almost anywhere if there is water nearby. They can eat rodents, insects, small fish, arachnids, small birds, crustaceas, small mammals, worms, and other frogs. Because of this, they have been blamed for many animal extinctions. Bullfrogs live in large bodies of water such as swamps, lakes, and ponds. They like to stay near the edge of the water. During a rainstorm, they may travel on land. They travel in search of a new habitat.

Bullfrogs are prey to various birds like herons, and their life in the wild is much less than in captivity. One captive bullfrog lived almost 16 years. The name "bullfrog" was given because males roar when mating with a female. Bullfrogs can be kept as pets. Captive bullfrogs are given rodents, small fish, crickets, worms, and fruit flies as food and treats. Pet owners may add supplements on the frogs food for health. Bullfrogs can host many viruses, bacteria and parasites. They were blamed for an intraerythrocytic virus outbreak in Canada in 1997. Bullfrogs are the cause of the chytrid fungus spreading into Arizona. The fungus is one of the main reasons that there are fewer amphibians.

A female bullfrog can lay up to 20,000 eggs. Bullfrog tadpoles take up to a year to become a young frog. Males will stay behind and take care of the tadpoles. Males are territorial and will attack any animal, including their own kind, if they come near them. Bullfrogs can reduce the mosquito population. They do this by eating most of the mosquito's larvae. Bullfrogs do not move during the day, except if there is food nearby or when threatened.

Bullfrog legs are eaten by humans. The International Union for the Conservation of Nature (IUCN) rates the bullfrog as "Least Concern", which means that they are not an endangered species. However, they are dying because of habitat loss, water pollution, pesticides, and over harvesting.

The American bullfrog ("Rana catesbeiana") is its common name. It is one of 90 species of the genus "Rana". 

In Quebec, Canada and Louisiana US the bullfrog is called ouaouaron "(wa'wa'ron)"; a word originating in the Wendat language and borrowed in the 17th century"." The American bullfrog is also known as "Lithobates catesbeianus". The parent family for "Rana" is Ranidae, or "true frogs". 

The Ranidae is split into nine sub families. "Ceratobatrachinae" (southeast Asia), "Conrauinae" (Africa), "Dicroglossinae", "Micrixalinae" (India), "Nyctibatrachinae" (India), "Petropedetinae" (Africa), "Ptychadeninae" (Africa), "Raninae" (Australia, South America), and "Ranixalinae" (India). The American bullfrog's genus name comes from the Latin word rana, which means frog. 

Bullfrogs were first described in 1802 by George Shaw. Shaw described the bullfrog in his book "General Zoology or Systematic Natural History". A bullfrogs call is a slow deep "g-r-r-u-u-u-u-m". Young bullfrogs will make a high pitch chirp before going in the water. Bullfrogs have toxic skin, though it is not harmful to humans. The toxins make it less likely that other animals will eat them.

The American bullfrog is the largest of the "true frogs" family. Bullfrogs can reach a length of . Females are larger than males. Bullfrogs can weigh up to . Bullfrogs are either brown or green. They also have darker spots on their back. Bullfrogs have webbed feet for swimming. They can leap up to . Male bullfrogs can be heard roaring when mating with a female. Males also have bigger tympanic membranes which cover their ears. Bullfrogs have brown or gold eyes. They also have broad flat heads and bodies. The mouth of a bullfrog are small and have tiny teeth inside.

Bullfrogs can live up to 4–5 years. There was one captive bullfrog that had lived up to 18years. Males are territorial and will attack any animal, including their own kind, if they come near them. They will jump, wrestle, and even chase any animal away. Bullfrogs are good at hearing. A group of bullfrogs are called an "army".

Bullfrogs are known to have many viruses and bacteria. However, only a few of them are important to nature. Bullfrogs were blamed for an intraerythrocytic virus outbreak in Canada in 1997. They were also blamed for a chytrid fungus that spread into Arizona in 2000. The chytrid fungus is believed to be one of the major causes of the decline in amphibian populations. Many bullfrogs can have parasites including helminths, trematodes, nematodes, protozoans and leeches.

In a 1913 study, it was found that bullfrogs will eat any animal it can overpower and stuff down its throat. Bullfrog stomachs have been found to have rodents, baby muskrats, small turtles, snakes, frogs (including bullfrogs), birds, and a bat, as well as the many invertebrates, such as insects. These studies show the bullfrog's diet is unique among North American "Rana". Bullfrogs are also known to eat ducklings and tadpoles. Bullfrogs have teeth on the top of their mouths. Their tongues are capable of flipping their food into their mouths. Bullfrogs will eat at night.

In captivity, pet bullfrogs are given crickets, worms, small fish, rodents, and fruit flies. In the wild they like to eat crayfish, water beetles, snails, and dragon fly larvae. Bullfrogs may eat each other, this makes up of 80% of their diet. In a 1935 study, it was found that smaller bullfrogs eat mostly insects. However, larger bullfrogs eat crayfish, frogs and mice. In an Arizona study in 1988, it was found that bullfrogs there eat invertebrates such as snails and insects. While two other studies, one in 1977 (in New Mexico) and the other in 1993 (in New York), found that bullfrogs in New York eat mostly "Ranidae" frogs. The study from New Mexico, found that bullfrogs there eat mostly toads. Adults can help decrease the mosquito population by eating most of their larvae.

Bullfrogs will become sexually active after 2–4 years of becoming a frog. Females are attracted to males who have territories that provide the most food. Bullfrogs mate between early spring to early summer. A male bullfrog grabs the female and begins roaring. A female bullfrog makes an aggressive call. The female lays her eggs in shallow waters. The male releases sperm on the eggs as fertilizer. A female can lay up to 20,000 eggs. The eggs of the bullfrogs are laid on the surface of water. They are then exposed to harmful UV-B radiation. Because of this, many bullfrogs may have abnormal (not normal) development. The eggs hatches after four days. They are called "tadpoles" and live in the water eating algae. Bullfrog tadpoles are larger in length than other tadpoles by other frogs. They become frogs in more than a year. In captivity, they can become frogs in twelve weeks. If a bullfrog tadpole remains as a tadpole for more than a year, it will become larger when it is an adult. Because of this, they will have a better chance at survival in the wild.

There are many predators such as larger fish, crustaceans, and some birds that eat some of the eggs and tadpoles. Because bullfrog tadpoles are not very active, they are less likely to be eaten by any animal. However, if spotted, bullfrog tadpoles will be eaten by salamanders and invertebrates. When they become adult frogs, the predators become food for the bullfrogs. Males will stay with their tadpoles and protect them. Males will even take their tadpoles, by digging through mud, to other large bodies of water. They do this if the water is drying up. The tadpoles of a bullfrog are not a favorite food source for fish. This is because of their awful taste. This gives bullfrog tadpoles a better chance in surviving than tadpoles of other frogs. Bullfrog tadpoles spend most of their time not swimming. This makes them less noticeable. Tadpoles of a bullfrog have also raised concerns. Their favorite food is algae and while growing up, they consume large amounts of it. They can also live anywhere where a human house is, if there is water nearby.

Once the tadpoles become "froglets", they begin hopping out of the water and into land. They loose their tails once they are at this stage. The froglets will stop using their gills and use them as lungs. They begin eating small insects. The froglets will remain near the water where they were laid. If there is a drought, they will search for a new habitat. At the time, froglets become easy prey to larger frogs, reptiles, raccoons, foxes, and birds. Froglets become adult bullfrogs after four months they began hopping on land.

Bullfrogs in southern US states are active all the time. Bullfrogs in northern US states hibernate during the winter time. Mating season begins in spring and ends in early summer. In northern US states, bullfrogs will begin coming out of hibernation. They will begin eating and swimming. During the summer, bullfrogs will spend most of their time in the water. They will feed on mosquito larvae. During the fall, northern US states bullfrogs will begin hibernating. Southern US states bullfrogs will become semi-aquatic. During the winter time, they will continue to be semi-aquatic.

If the weather outside is cold, they will hibernate for a few days. Bullfrogs are active at night. They can be seen hopping around gardens and streets. During the day, they will be near the edge of the water. During the daytime, they become motionless (not moving). They will begin moving if food is nearby, or if they feel threatened.

The International Union for the Conservation of Nature (IUCN) rates the bullfrog as "Least Concern". This is because they are found almost in every continent. "Least Concern" means that the bullfrog is not an endangered species. There are more bullfrogs in southern United States than there is in the north. However, bullfrogs populations are decreasing because of habitat loss, water pollution, pesticide and over harvesting. In 2012, Mark W. Stone chairman of the Santa Cruz County Board of Supervisors, is currently trying to ban the import, sale, and the keeping of bullfrogs in Santa Cruz, California. If the board signs the bill, Santa Cruz will be the first county in the United States to ban bullfrogs. Stone is trying ban bullfrogs because of the bullfrogs appetite. They have been blamed for making many animals become an endangered species in that state.

Bullfrogs are an invasive species in Puerto Rico. Bullfrogs were accidentally introduced starting in the 1900s in Colorado and California. Fishermen went out fishing and took their catchings back home, some had bullfrogs in their nets still alive. They have been introduced by pet owners who no longer wanted them. Some pet owners bought bullfrogs to control pests near their homes. The impact of bullfrogs being introduced has negative outcomes. Because of their diet, they can decrease populations of other frogs. Bullfrogs have been blamed for making the California Red-legged Frog a near-threatened species. They have also been blamed for many other amphibian extinctions in California.

Bullfrogs compete with other frogs for food, and can even kill their own kind if food is no where to be found. Bullfrogs are considered one of the worst alien invasive species (AIS). The AIS are animals who are able to decrease other species and even make them extinct worldwide. Bullfrogs are responsible for the decline of garter snakes in Mexico. In a laboratory experiment by Alford in 1989, bullfrogs decreased the population of Cope's gray treefrog. The study introduced the bullfrogs with Cope's gray treefrog in a controlled environment.

Bullfrogs are a source of food for Southern United States and the Midwestern United States. People hunt bullfrogs at night near rivers. The bullfrogs' legs are cooked, while their backs are fried. In China, bullfrogs are sold alive for eating. They are then killed and cooked with vegetables. In the state of California, people must have a license to catch bullfrogs for food. In schools, bullfrogs are dissected in biology classes. Usually, this is done in middle school. The dissecting is a method for teaching students the anatomy of a bullfrog. Bullfrogs are also kept as pets. They are kept in aquariums or a terrarium. A terrarium is a tank that is decorated with plants and soil on one side. On the other side, there is water. A bullfrog would need one place for land and another for water.




Irritator

Irritator (say: "irr-irr-it-at-or") is a genus of spinosaurid theropod dinosaur that lived in what is now Brazil, in the Lower Cretaceous. Its fossils are known from the Romualdo Formation. 

"Irritator" had straight and cone-shaped teeth. Its jaws were low, long and slender, with the nostrils placed well back from the front of the snout (all consistent with fish-eating). "Irritator" also had a narrow crest made of nasal bones on top of the skull. "Irritator"'s name comes from the English word "Irritation". It was given its name due to the feelings of the scientists who described it when they found that fossil dealers had added plaster to the front of the snout.

Kate Hudson

Kate Garry Hudson (born April 19, 1979) is an American actress, movie director, screenwriter and producer. In 2001 she won Golden Globe for this role in "Almost Famous" and was nominated for Oscar, but Marcia Gay Harden won.

Kate is the younger child of musician Bill Hudson and Oscar-winning actress Goldie Hawn who were divorced in 1980. She has one older brother, Oliver Hudson. She also has one half-brother and three half-sisters.

Kate began a career as an actress in 1996.

In 2000 she played Penny Lane in "Almost Famous" and won a Golden Globe for this role. She was also nominated for an Oscar for this role, but Marcia Gay Harden won.

She is also a movie director, screenwriter and producer.

From 2000 to 2007 she was married to musician Chris Robinson. They had one child, Ryder Russell Robinson (born on January 4, 2004).

She has been in a relationship with musician Matthew Bellamy since 2010. They have one child, Bingham Hawn Bellamy (born on July 9, 2011).


Province of Verona

The Province of Verona () is a province in the Veneto region of Italy. Its capital is the city of Verona.

The province of Verona has an area of , the second largest province in the Veneto region, after the Belluno province, and is the most western of the provinces of the region. Most of its territory is almost flat, with few mountains. The highest point of the province is "Cima Valdritta", that is high.

The main river in the province is the Adige; it flows through the capital of the province. To the west of the province is the Lake Garda (), the largest lake of Italy.

The climate in the city of Verona is Humid Subtropical climate (Köppen climate classification: Cfa).

The province of Verona borders to the north with the Trento (Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol region), to the east with the Vicenza and Padua provinces, to the southeast with the Rovigo province, to the south and west with the Lombardy region (Mantua province) and to the northwest with the Brescia province (Lombardy region).

, there are 922,383 persons living in the province, for a population density of inhabitants/km².

Evolution of the population

There are 98 municipalities (or "comuni") in the province; they are:

The largest "comune" is Verona, with and the smallest is Concamarise, with . The "comune" with fewest inhabitants is Ferrara di Monte Baldo, with 226 inhabitants.

The following shows the 10 "comuni" with more inhabitants with their population, and their area and altitude.


Province of Vicenza

The Province of Vicenza () is a province in the Veneto region of Italy. Its capital is the city of Vicenza.

The province of Vicenza has an area of . The southern part is largely flat (the "Pianura Padana", here known as "Pianura veneta") except for a group of small hills (the "Berici Hills"), south of the city of Vicenza.

There are many high mountains in the northern part of the province. The highest is Cima Dódici, which is high and is on the border with the province of Trento (Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol region).

The province is rich in water; the main rivers in the province are:

The province of Vicenza borders to the north with the Trento province (Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol region), to the northeast with the Belluno province, to the east with the Treviso province, to the south with the Padua province, and to the west with the Verona province.

, there are 867,314 persons living in the province, for a population density of inhabitants/km².
Evolution of the population in the Vicenza province

There are 120 municipalities (or "comuni") in the province; they are:

The following shows the 12 "comuni" with the population, and the area and altitude.


Petroleum product

A petroleum product is an organic compound made in oil refineries. They result from "refining" (changing) crude oil (also called "Petroleum") into more useful products.

Well-known petroleum products include:


In addition, oil-refineries also sell other things that come from the refining process, most notably

Some Petrochemicals, including plastics, are made from petroleum products.

Thomas Spurgeon

Thomas Spurgeon (20 September 1856–October 1917) was a British Reformed Baptist preacher. He was the pastor of the Metropolitan Tabernacle. He was one of two non-identical twin sons of the famous Charles Haddon Spurgeon (1834-1892).

Billings, Montana

Billings is a city in the U.S. State of Montana. Nearly 120,000 people live there. It was founded in 1882 as a railroad town. it is the largest city in Montana by population.

Billings Logan International Airport is in the city. It is also home to ZooMontana, Pictograph Cave National Historic Landmark, Lake Elmo State Park and Four Dances Natural Area.

The Yellowstone River flows through the town.

Billings is also the birthplace (and hometown) of the beautiful Miss Teen USA Katie Blair.

West Jordan, Utah

West Jordan is a city in the suburbs of Salt Lake City. It is in the U.S. State of Utah. At the 2020 census, 116,961 people lived in West Jordan.

Jackie Robinson

Jack Roosevelt "Jackie" Robinson (January 31, 1919 – October 24, 1972) was the first African-American Major League Baseball (MLB) player of modern times. Robinson broke the baseball color barrier when he debuted with the Brooklyn Dodgers in 1947. He was the first black man to openly play in the major leagues since the 1880s. He had a big role in bringing an end to racial segregation in professional baseball. Up to that point, African-Americans could only play in Negro leagues for six decades.

Apart from his cultural impact, Robinson had an overall good baseball career. Over ten seasons, he played in six World Series and helped in the Dodgers' 1955 World Championship. He was selected for six consecutive All-Star Games from 1949 to 1954. Robinson received the first MLB Rookie of the Year Award in 1947. He also won the National League Most Valuable Player Award in 1949. He was the first black player to win this award. Robinson was inducted into the Baseball Hall of Fame in 1962. In 1997, Major League Baseball retired his uniform number, 42, across all major league teams.

Robinson was also known for his activities outside of baseball. He was the first African-American television analyst in Major League Baseball. He was also the first African-American vice-president of a major American company. In the 1960s, he helped establish the Freedom National Bank, an African-American-owned/controlled financial business based in Harlem, New York. In honor of his achievements on and off the field, Robinson was awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom and the Congressional Gold Medal after his death.

Robinson was born on January 31, 1919. His family were sharecroppers in Cairo, Georgia. He was born during a Spanish flu and smallpox epidemic. He was the youngest of five children, after siblings Edgar, Frank, Matthew (nicknamed "Mack"), and Willa Mae. His middle name was in honor of former President Theodore Roosevelt, who died twenty-five days before Robinson was born. After Robinson's father left the family in 1920, they moved to Pasadena, California. The Robinson family lived on a plot with two small houses at 121 Pepper Street in Pasadena. Robinson's mother worked different odd jobs to support the family. Robinson grew up somewhat poor in a fairly rich community. Because of this, Robinson and his minority friends were left out of many sports activities. As a result, Robinson joined a neighborhood gang. However, his friend Carl Anderson made him leave it.

In 1935, Robinson graduated from Washington Junior High School. He then entered Muir Tech (now called John Muir High School). Seeing that Robinson was good at sports, his older brothers Mack (himself a good athlete and silver medal winner at the 1936 Summer Olympics) and Frank inspired Jackie to follow his interest in sports. At Muir Tech, Robinson played several sports at the varsity level. Robinson lettered in four of them: football, basketball, track, and baseball. He played shortstop and catcher on the baseball team, quarterback on the football team, and guard on the basketball team. With the track and field team, he won awards in the broad jump. He was also part of the tennis team.

In 1936, Robinson won the junior boys singles championship in the yearly Pacific Coast Negro Tennis Tournament. He also won a place on the Pomona baseball tournament all-star team. That team included future Hall of Famers Ted Williams and Bob Lemon. In late January 1937, the "Pasadena Star-News" newspaper wrote that Robinson "for two years has been the outstanding athlete at Muir, starring in football, basketball, track, baseball and tennis."

After Muir, Robinson went to Pasadena Junior College (PJC). There he continued his sports career by playing basketball, football, baseball, and track. Jackie Robinson was one of the best athletes at Pasadena Junior College. On the football team, he played quarterback and safety. He was a shortstop and leadoff hitter for the baseball team. He broke school broad jump records held by his brother, Mack. As at Muir Hugh School, most of Jackie's teammates were white. While playing football at PJC, Robinson fractured his ankle. Issues from this would later delay his deployment status while in the military. Also while at PJC, he was elected to the Lancers. They were a student-run police group who patrolled various school activities. In 1938, he was elected to the All-Southland Junior College Team for baseball. He was also selected as the region's Most Valuable Player. That year, Robinson was one of ten students named to the school's Order of the Mast and Dagger ("Omicron Mu Delta"). This was awarded to students performing "outstanding service to the school and whose scholastic and citizenship record is worthy of recognition."

An event at PJC shown Robinson's impatience with people he felt were racist. This character trait that would come up several times in his life. On January 25, 1938, he was arrested after he argued against his black friend being taken away by police. Robinson received a two-year suspended sentence. The incident – along with other possible run-ins between Robinson and police – gave Robinson a reputation for getting upset in the face of racial problems. Toward the end of his PJC career, Frank Robinson (to whom Robinson felt closest among his three brothers) was killed in a motorcycle accident. The event motivated Jackie to pursue his athletic career at the University of California, Los Angeles (UCLA), where he could remain closer to Frank's family.

After graduating from PJC in spring 1939, Robinson transferred to UCLA. There he became the school's first athlete to win varsity letters in four sports: baseball, basketball, football, and track. He was one of four African-Americans on the 1939 UCLA Bruins football team. The others were Woody Strode, Kenny Washington, and Ray Bartlett. Washington, Strode, and Robinson made up three of the team's four backfield players. This made UCLA college football's most integrated team. Even though it would be his future career, baseball was Robinson's "worst sport" at UCLA. He hit .097 in his only season, although in his first game he went 4-for-4 and twice stole home.

While a senior at UCLA, Robinson met his future wife, Rachel Isum. She was a UCLA freshman who knew Robinson's sports career at PJC. In the spring semester of 1941, against his mother's and Isum's doubts, Robinson left college before graduation. He took a job as an assistant athletic director with the government's National Youth Administration (NYA) in Atascadero, California.

After the government stopping running the NYA, Robinson traveled to Honolulu in fall 1941 to play football. He played for the semi-professional, racially integrated Honolulu Bears. After a short season, Robinson returned to California in December 1941. There he tried for a career as running back for the Los Angeles Bulldogs of the Pacific Coast Football League. By that time, however, the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor had taken place. The attack made the United States enter World War II. This ended Robinson's football career.

In 1942, Robinson was drafted and assigned to a segregated Army cavalry unit in Fort Riley, Kansas. Having the necessary requirements, Robinson and several other black soldiers applied for entrance to an Officer Candidate School (OCS) then located at Fort Riley. Although Army policy had allowed black applicants to enter OCS since July 1941, the applications of Robinson and his colleagues were delayed for several months. After protests by boxing champion Joe Louis (then stationed at Fort Riley) and the help of Truman Gibson (then an assistant civilian aide to the Secretary of War), the men were accepted into OCS. This shared military experience created a friendship between Robinson and Louis. Upon finishing OCS, Robinson was commissioned as a second lieutenant in January 1943. Shortly afterward, Robinson and Isum were engaged.

After receiving his commission, Robinson was moved to Fort Hood, Texas. There he joined the 761st "Black Panthers" Tank Battalion. While at Fort Hood, Robinson often used his weekend leave to visit the Rev. Karl Downs, President of Sam Huston College (now Huston-Tillotson University) in nearby Austin, Texas. Downs had been Robinson's pastor at Scott United Methodist Church while Robinson attended PJC.

An event in July 1944 stopped Robinson's military career. While waiting for results of hospital tests on the ankle he had injured in junior college, Robinson got on an Army bus with a fellow officer's wife. Although the Army had its own unsegregated bus line, the bus driver ordered Robinson to move to the back of the bus. Robinson refused. The driver backed down. However, after reaching the end of the line, he got the military police, who took Robinson into custody. Robinson later talked to the duty officer about racist questioning by the officer and his assistant. The officer then recommended Robinson be court-martialed. After Robinson's commander in the 761st, Paul L. Bates, refused to allow this legal action, Robinson was moved to the 758th Battalion. The commander there quickly allowed Robinson to be charged with several offenses, including, among other charges, public drunkenness – even though Robinson did not drink.

By the time of the court-martial in August 1944, the charges against Robinson had been reduced to two counts of insubordination (going against someone in charge of him) during questioning. Robinson was acquitted by an all-white panel of nine officers. Although his former unit, the 761st Tank Battalion, became the first black tank unit to see combat in World War II, Robinson's court-martial stopped him from going with them. He never saw fighting action in the war. After his acquittal, he was moved to Camp Breckinridge, Kentucky. There he served as a coach for army athletics until receiving an honorable discharge in November 1944. While there, Robinson met an ex-player for the Kansas City Monarchs of the Negro American League. The player encouraged Robinson to write the Monarchs and ask for a tryout. Robinson took the ex-player's advice and wrote Monarchs' co-owner Thomas Baird.

After he left the army, Robinson returned to his old football club, the Los Angeles Bulldogs for a short time. Robinson then took an offer from his old friend and pastor Rev. Karl Downs to be the athletic director at Sam Huston College in Austin. The school was part of the Southwestern Athletic Conference at the time. The job included coaching the school's basketball team for the 1944–45 season. As a starting program, few students tried out for the basketball team. Robinson even had to play in some of the practice games. Although his teams were outmatched by opponents, Robinson was respected as a coach who made his players work really hard. He received the respect of, among others, Langston University basketball player Marques Haynes, a future member of the Harlem Globetrotters.

In early 1945, while Robinson was at Sam Huston College, the Kansas City Monarchs sent him a written offer to play professional baseball in the Negro leagues. Robinson accepted a contract for $400 ($ in 2024 dollars) per month. This was a big deal for him at the time. He played well for the Monarchs, but Robinson was upset with the experience. He had grown used to having a structure while playing in college. The Negro leagues' lack of organization and acceptance of gambling interests bothered him. The travel schedule also placed stress on his relationship with Isum. The two could now communicate only by letter. In all, Robinson played 47 games at shortstop for the Monarchs. He hit .387 with five home runs and had 13 stolen bases. He also played in the 1945 Negro League All-Star Game (where he had no hits in five at-bats).

During the season, Robinson tried for a possible major league interest. The Boston Red Sox held a tryout at Fenway Park for Robinson and other black players on April 16, 1945. The tryout, however, was an act held mostly to make powerful Boston City Councilman Isadore Muchnick happy. Even with the stands limited to management, Robinson was subjected to racial comments. Robinson left the tryout humiliated. More than fourteen years later, in July 1959, the Red Sox became the last major league team to integrate its roster.

Other teams, however, had more serious interest in signing a black ballplayer. In the mid-1940s, Branch Rickey, club president and general manager of the Brooklyn Dodgers, began to scout the Negro leagues for a possible addition to the Dodgers' roster. Rickey selected Robinson from a list of African-American players. He interviewed Robinson for possible assignment to Brooklyn's International League farm club, the Montreal Royals. Rickey was especially interested in making sure his eventual hire could put up with the racial abuse that he would receive. In a famous three-hour discussion on August 28, 1945, Rickey asked Robinson if he could face the racial hatred without reacting angrily. This was a worry because of Robinson's past arguments with law enforcement officials at PJC and in the military. Robinson was shocked: "Are you looking for a Negro who is afraid to fight back?" Rickey replied that he needed a Negro player "with guts enough not to fight back." After receiving a vow from Robinson to "turn the other cheek" to racial taunts, Rickey agreed to sign him to a contract for $600 a month.

He made Robinson keep the agreement a secret for the time being. Rickey committed to officially signing Robinson before November 1, 1945. On October 23, it was announced that Robinson would be assigned to the Royals for the 1946 season. On the same day, with officials of the Royals and Dodgers present, Robinson signed his contract with the Royals. In what was later referred to as "The Noble Experiment", Robinson was the first black baseball player in the International League since the 1880s. Robinson was not necessarily the best player in the Negro leagues. Black players Satchel Paige and Josh Gibson were upset when Robinson was selected first.

Rickey's offer allowed Robinson to leave the Monarchs and their long bus rides behind. He went home to Pasadena.
That September, he signed with Chet Brewer's Kansas City Royals. This was a post-season barnstorming team in the California Winter League. Later that off-season, he toured South America with another team. His fiancée Isum worked as a nurse in New York City while he was away. On February 10, 1946, Robinson and Isum were married by their old friend, Rev. Karl Downs.

In 1946, Robinson arrived at Daytona Beach, Florida, for spring training with the Montreal Royals of the Class AAA International League. Robinson's being there upset people in racially sensitive Florida. He was not allowed to stay with his teammates at the team hotel. Instead he lived at the home of a local black politician. Since the Dodgers team did not own a spring training complex, the schedule was controlled by the towns in the area. Some of these towns did not allow any event involving Robinson or Johnny Wright, another black player whom Rickey had signed to the Dodgers in January. In Sanford, Florida, the police chief said he would cancel games if Robinson and Wright did not stop training there. Because of this, Robinson was sent back to Daytona Beach. In Jacksonville, the stadium was locked without warning on game day. This was ordered by the city's Parks and Public Property director. In DeLand, a day game was canceled, supposedly because of bad electrical lighting.

After a lot of talking to local officials by Rickey, the Royals were allowed to host a game involving Robinson in Daytona Beach. Robinson made his Royals debut at Daytona Beach's City Island Ballpark on March 17, 1946. It was an exhibition game against the Dodgers. With the game Robinson became the first African-American to openly play for a minor league team and against a major league team since the baseball color line had been put in place in the 1880s. Later in spring training, after some somewhat poor performances, Robinson was moved from shortstop to second base. This allowed him to make shorter throws to first base. Robinson's performance soon improved. On April 18, 1946, Roosevelt Stadium hosted the Jersey City Giants' season opener against the Montreal Royals. This game was the first professional game for the Royals' Jackie Robinson. In his five trips to the plate, Robinson had four hits, including a three-run home run. He also scored four runs, drove in three, and stole two bases in the Royals' 14–1 win. Robinson went on to lead the International League that season with a .349 batting average and .985 fielding percentage. He was named the league's Most Valuable Player. Although he often faced hatred while on road trips (the Royals were forced to cancel a Southern tour, for example), the Montreal fans supported Robinson. Whether fans supported or opposed it, Robinson's being on the field helped attendance. More than one million people went to games that Robinson played in 1946. The number was an amazing amount for the International League. In the fall of 1946, following the baseball season, Robinson returned home to California and briefly played professional basketball for the Los Angeles Red Devils.

The following year, six days before the start of the 1947 season, the Dodgers brought Robinson up to the major leagues. Eddie Stanky was playing second base for the Dodgers. So Robinson played his first major league season as a first baseman. On April 15, 1947, Robinson played his first major league game at Ebbets Field in front of a crowd of 26,623 spectators. More than 14,000 black fans attended the game. He did not get a base hit, but the Dodgers won 5–3. Robinson became the first player since the 1880s to openly break the major league baseball color line. Black fans began coming to see the Dodgers when they came to town, ignoring their Negro league teams.

Robinson's rise to the major leagues met a generally positive, although mixed, reception from newspapers and white major league players. However, there was racial tension in the Dodger clubhouse. Some Dodger players implied they would sit out rather than play alongside Robinson. The possible problem ended when Dodgers bosses defended Robinson. Manager Leo Durocher told the team, "I do not care if the guy is yellow or black, or if he has stripes like a fuckin' zebra. I'm the manager of this team, and I say he plays. What's more, I say he can make us all rich. And if any of you cannot use the money, I will see that you are all traded."

Robinson was also taunted by opposing teams. Some, notably the St. Louis Cardinals, said they would strike if Robinson played. National League President Ford Frick and Baseball Commissioner Happy Chandler said that any striking players would be suspended. Robinson became the target of rough physical play by opponents (particularly the Cardinals). Once he received a seven-inch cut in his leg. On April 22, 1947, during a game between the Dodgers and the Philadelphia Phillies, Phillies players called Robinson a "nigger" from their dugout. They yelled that he should "go back to the cotton fields". Rickey later recalled that Phillies manager Ben Chapman "did more than anybody to unite the Dodgers. When he poured out that string of unconscionable abuse, he solidified and united thirty men."

Robinson received major support from several major league players. Dodgers teammate Pee Wee Reese once came to Robinson's defense with the famous line, "You can hate a man for many reasons. Color is not one of them." In 1948, Reese put his arm around Robinson in response to fans who shouted racial slurs at Robinson before a game in Cincinnati. A statue by artist William Behrends, first displayed at KeySpan Park on November 1, 2005, shows this event by representing Reese with his arm around Robinson. Jewish baseball star Hank Greenberg, who had to deal with racial slurs during his career, also encouraged Robinson. After colliding with Robinson at first base on one occasion, Greenberg whispered a few words into Robinson's ear. Robinson later said they were "words of encouragement." Greenberg had told him that the best way to go against the slurs from the opposing players was to beat them on the field.

Robinson finished the season with 12 home runs, a league-leading 29 steals, a .297 batting average, a .427 slugging percentage, and 125 runs scored. His performance earned him the first Major League Baseball Rookie of the Year Award (separate National and American League Rookie of the Year honors were not awarded until 1949).

After Stanky was traded to the Boston Braves in March 1948, Robinson took over second base. There he had a .980 fielding percentage for year (second in the National League at the position behind Stanky). Robinson had a batting average of .296 and 22 stolen bases for the season. In a 12–7 win against the St. Louis Cardinals on August 29,1948, he hit for the cycle – a home run, a triple, a double, and a single in the same game. The Dodgers moved into first place in the National League in late August 1948 for a short time, but they finished third at the end of the season. The Braves went on to win the league title and lose to the Cleveland Indians in the World Series.

Racial pressure on Robinson eased in 1948 as a number of other black players entered the major leagues. Larry Doby (who broke the color barrier in the American League on July 5, 1947) and Satchel Paige played for the Cleveland Indians. The Dodgers had three other black players besides Robinson. In February 1948, he signed a $12,500 contract with the Dodgers. While a big amount, this was less than Robinson made in the off-season. He had a vaudeville tour where he answered pre-set baseball questions, and a speaking tour of the South. Between the tours, he had surgery on his right ankle. Because of his off-season events, Robinson went to training camp thirty pounds overweight. He lost the weight during training camp, but dieting left him weak while hitting.

In the spring of 1949, Robinson turned to Hall of Famer George Sisler, working as an advisor to the Dodgers, for batting help. On Sisler's advice, Robinson spent hours at a batting tee, learning to hit the ball to right field. Sisler taught Robinson to look for a fastball. His theory was that it is easier to then adjust to a slower curveball. Robinson also noted that "Sisler showed me how to stop lunging, how to check my swing until the last fraction of a second". The teaching helped Robinson raise his batting average from .296 in 1948 to .342 in 1949. In addition to his improved batting average, Robinson stole 37 bases that season, was second place in the league for both doubles and triples, and had 124 runs batted in with 122 runs scored. For the performance Robinson earned the Most Valuable Player award for the National League. Baseball fans also voted Robinson as the starting second baseman for the 1949 All-Star Game. This was the first All-Star Game to include black players.

That year, a song about Robinson by Buddy Johnson, "Did You See Jackie Robinson Hit That Ball?", reached number 13 on the charts. Count Basie recorded a famous version. That year, the Dodgers won the National League pennant, but lost in five games to the New York Yankees in the 1949 World Series.

Summer 1949 had a distraction that Robinson did not want. In July, he was called to testify before the United States House of Representatives' Committee on Un-American Activities (HUAC) about things said in April by African-American athlete and actor Paul Robeson. Robinson did not want to testify, but he eventually agreed to do so. He was afraid it might affect his career if he did not testify.

In 1950, Robinson led the National League in double plays made by a second baseman with 133. His salary that year was the highest any Dodger had been paid to that point: $35,000 ($ in 2024 dollars). He finished the year with 99 runs scored, a .328 batting average, and 12 stolen bases. The year saw the release of a film biography of Robinson's life, "The Jackie Robinson Story". Robinson played himself in the movie and actress Ruby Dee played Rachael "Rae" (Isum) Robinson. The project had been delayed when the film's producers did not listen to the demands of two Hollywood studios. The studios wanted the movie to scenes of Robinson being taught how to play baseball by a white man. "The New York Times" wrote that Robinson, "doing that rare thing of playing himself in the picture's leading role, displays a calm assurance and composure that might be envied by many a Hollywood star."

Robinson's Hollywood acting, however, did not sit well with Dodgers co-owner Walter O'Malley. He called Robinson "Rickey's prima donna". In late 1950, Rickey's contract as the Dodgers' team President expired. Bothered by a lot of disagreements with O'Malley, and with no hope of being re-appointed as President of the Dodgers, Rickey cashed out his one-quarter financial interest in the team. This left O'Malley in full control of the team. Rickey then became general manager of the Pittsburgh Pirates. Robinson was disappointed at the turn of events and wrote a letter to Rickey, whom he considered a father figure. In it he said, "Regardless of what happens to me in the future, it all can be placed on what you have done and, believe me, I appreciate it."

Before the 1951 season, O'Malley offered Robinson the job of manager of the Montreal Royals starting at the end of Robinson's playing career. O'Malley was quoted in the "Montreal Standard" as saying, "Jackie told me that he would be both delighted and honored to tackle this managerial post." But, reports differed as to whether a position was ever formally offered.

During the 1951 season, Robinson led the National League in double plays made by a second baseman for the second year in a row, with 137. He also kept the Dodgers close to the lead for the 1951 pennant. During the last game of the season, in the 13th inning, he had a hit to tie the game, and then won the game with a home run in the 14th. This forced a playoff against the New York Giants, which the Dodgers lost.

Despite Robinson's regular-season heroics, the Dodgers lost the pennant on Bobby Thomson's famous home run, known as the Shot Heard 'Round the World, on October 3, 1951. Overcoming his dejection, Robinson dutifully observed Thomson's feet to ensure he touched all the bases. Dodgers sportscaster Vin Scully later noted that the incident showed "how much of a competitor Robinson was." He finished the season with 106 runs scored, a batting average of .335, and 25 stolen bases.

Robinson had what was an average year for him in 1952. He finished the year with 104 runs, a .308 batting average, and 24 stolen bases. He did, however, record a career-high on-base percentage of .436. The Dodgers improved on their performance from the year before, winning the National League pennant before losing the 1952 World Series to the New York Yankees in seven games. That year, on the television show "Youth Wants to Know," Robinson challenged the Yankees' general manager, George Weiss, on the racial record of his team. The Yankees had yet to sign a black player. Sportswriter Dick Young, whom Robinson called a "bigot", said, "If there was one flaw in Jackie, it was the common one. He believed that everything unpleasant that happened to him happened because of his blackness." The 1952 season was the last year Robinson was an everyday starter at second base. Afterward, Robinson played at first, second, and third bases, shortstop, and in the outfield, with Jim Gilliam, another black player, taking over everyday second base duties. Robinson's interests began to shift toward the prospect of coaching a major league team. He had hoped to gain experience by coaching in the Puerto Rican Winter League. But, according to the "New York Post", Commissioner Happy Chandler did not allow the request.

In 1953, Robinson had 109 runs, a .329 batting average, and 17 steals. He led the Dodgers to another National League pennant (and another World Series loss to the Yankees, this time in six games). Robinson's continued success led to a string of death threats. He was not stopped, however, from talking about racial issues publicly. That year, he served as editor for "Our Sports" magazine. This was a magazine that focused on Negro sports issues. Contributions to the magazine included an article on golf course segregation by Robinson's old friend Joe Louis. Robinson also openly criticized segregated hotels and restaurants that served the Dodger organization. A number of these places integrated as a result, including the five-star Chase Park Hotel in St. Louis.

In 1954, Robinson had 62 runs, a .311 batting average, and 7 steals. His best day at the plate was on June 16, when he hit two home runs and two doubles. The following autumn, Robinson won his only championship when the Dodgers beat the New York Yankees in the 1955 World Series. Although the team enjoyed success, 1955 was the worst year of Robinson's individual career. He hit .256 and stole only 12 bases. The Dodgers tried Robinson in the outfield and as a third baseman. They did this because of his diminishing abilities and because Gilliam was established at second base. Robinson, then 37 years old, missed 49 games and did not play in Game 7 of the World Series. Robinson missed the game because manager Walter Alston decided to play Gilliam at second and Don Hoak at third base. That season, the Dodgers' Don Newcombe became the first black major league pitcher to win twenty games in a year.

In 1956, Robinson had 61 runs, a .275 batting average, and 12 steals. By then, he had begun to show the effects of diabetes. He also lost interest in playing or managing professional baseball. After the season, Robinson was traded by the Dodgers to the arch-rival New York Giants for Dick Littlefield and $35,000 cash. The trade, however, was never completed. Unbeknownst to the Dodgers, Robinson had already agreed with the president of Chock full o'Nuts to quit baseball and become an executive with the company. Since Robinson had sold exclusive rights to any retirement story to "Look" magazine two years before. His retirement decision was revealed through the magazine, instead of through the Dodgers organization.

Robinson's major league debut brought an end to almost sixty years of segregation in professional baseball, known as the baseball color line. After World War II, several other forces were also leading the country toward increased equality for blacks. This included more African-Americans moving to the North, where their political influence grew. President Harry Truman's desegregation of the military occurred in 1948. Robinson's breaking of the baseball color line and his professional success symbolized these bigger changes and showed that the fight for equality was more than simply a political matter. Martin Luther King, Jr. said that he was "a legend and a symbol in his own time", and that he "challenged the dark skies of intolerance and frustration." According to historian Doris Kearns Goodwin, Robinson's "efforts were a monumental step in the civil-rights revolution in America ... [His] accomplishments allowed black and white Americans to be more respectful and open to one another and more appreciative of everyone's abilities."

Beginning his major league career at the somewhat older age of twenty-eight, he played only ten seasons. All of his career was for the Brooklyn Dodgers. During his career, the Dodgers played in six World Series, and Robinson himself played in six All-Star Games. In 1999, he was named to the Major League Baseball All-Century Team after his death.

Robinson's career is generally considered to mark the beginning of the post–"long ball" era in baseball, in which a need for power-hitting was replaced with balanced offensive strategies that used footspeed to create runs through baserunning. Robinson showed both hitting ability and speed which was part of the new era. He scored more than 100 runs in six of his ten seasons (averaging more than 110 runs from 1947 to 1953), had a .311 career batting average, a .409 career on-base percentage, a .474 slugging percentage, and had more walks than strikeouts (740 to 291). Robinson was one of only two players during the span of 1947–56 to have at least 125 steals while having a slugging percentage over .425 (Minnie Miñoso was the other). He had 197 stolen bases in total, including 19 steals of home. None of the steals of home were double steals (in which a player stealing home is helped by a player stealing another base at the same time). Robinson has been referred to by author David Falkner as "the father of modern base-stealing."

Historical statistical analysis indicates Robinson was an outstanding fielder throughout his ten years in the major leagues and at almost every position he played. After playing his rookie season at first base, Robinson spent most of his career as a second baseman. He led the league in fielding among second basemen in 1950 and 1951. Toward the end of his career, he played about 2,000 innings at third base and about 1,175 innings in the outfield and did well at both.

Robinson said about himself, "I'm not concerned with your liking or disliking me ... all I ask is that you respect me as a human being." Regarding Robinson's qualities on the field, Leo Durocher said, "Ya want a guy that comes to play. This guy didn't just come to play. He come to beat ya. He come to stuff the goddamn bat right up your ass."

Robinson retired from baseball on January 5, 1957. Later that year, after he complained about a lot of physical problems, his doctors diagnosed Robinson with diabetes. This disease had also affected his brothers. Robinson started an insulin injection schedule. However, the quality of medicine at the time could not stop his body from falling apart because of the disease.

In the first year he was able to be elected into the Baseball Hall of Fame in 1962, Robinson ask voters to think of only his on-field statistics and abilities. He did not want them to think of his cultural impact on the game. He was elected on the first ballot, becoming the first African-American inducted into the Cooperstown museum.

In 1965, Robinson served as an analyst for ABC's "Major League Baseball Game of the Week" telecasts. He was the first black person to do so. On June 4, 1972, the Dodgers retired his uniform number, 42, along with those of Roy Campanella (39) and Sandy Koufax (32). From 1957 to 1964, Robinson was the vice president for personnel at Chock full o'Nuts. He was the first black person to serve as vice president of a major American company. Robinson always considered his business career as advancing the cause of African-Americans in business. Robinson also chaired the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People's (NAACP) million-dollar Freedom Fund Drive in 1957. He served on the organization's board until 1967. In 1964, he helped start, with Harlem businessman Dunbar McLaurin, Freedom National Bank – an African-American-owned and operated bank based in Harlem. He also served as the bank's first Chairman of the Board. In 1970, Robinson started the Jackie Robinson Construction Company to build housing for low-income families.

Robinson was active in politics throughout his post-baseball life. He called himself a political independent. But he held conservative thoughts on several issues, including the Vietnam War (he once wrote Martin Luther King, Jr. to defend the Johnson Administration's military policy). After supporting Richard Nixon in his 1960 presidential race against John F. Kennedy, Robinson later praised Kennedy for his views on civil rights. He then supported Hubert Humphrey against Nixon in 1968. In 1964, Robinson became one of six national directors for Nelson Rockefeller's Republican presidential campaign. He later became special assistant for community affairs when Rockefeller was re-elected governor of New York in 1966.

Robinson made his final public appearance on October 15, 1972. He threw the ceremonial first pitch before Game 2 of the World Series. He accepted a plaque honoring the 25th anniversary of his MLB debut, but also said, "I'm going to be tremendously more pleased and more proud when I look at that third base coaching line one day and see a black face managing in baseball." This wish was fulfilled only after Robinson's death. After the 1974 season, the Cleveland Indians gave their coaching job to Frank Robinson (no relation), a Hall of Fame-bound player who would go on to coach three other teams. Despite the success of these two Robinsons and other black players, the number of African-American players in Major League Baseball has gone down since the 1970s.

After Robinson's retirement from baseball, his wife, Rachel Robinson, went for a career in academic nursing. She became an assistant professor at the Yale School of Nursing and director of nursing at the Connecticut Mental Health Center. She also served on the board of the Freedom National Bank until it closed in 1990. She and Jackie had three children: Jackie Robinson Jr. (born November 18, 1946), Sharon Robinson (born January 13, 1950), and David Robinson (born May 14, 1952).

Robinson's oldest son, Jackie Robinson Jr., had emotional trouble during his childhood. He entered special education at an early age. He enrolled in the Army in search of a disciplined environment. He served in the Vietnam War. He was injured in action on November 19, 1965. After his discharge, he struggled with drug problems. Robinson Jr. eventually completed the treatment program at Daytop Village in Seymour, Connecticut. He became a counselor at the institution. On June 17, 1971, at the age of 24, he was killed in an automobile accident. The experience with his son's drug addiction turned Robinson, Sr. into someone who fought against drugs for the rest of his life.

Robinson did not live long after his son. Problems with heart disease and diabetes made Robinson weak. He was almost blind by middle age. On October 24, 1972, he died of a heart attack at home in Stamford, Connecticut, aged fifty-three. Robinson's funeral service on October 27, 1972, at New York City's Riverside Church had 2,500 people come. Many of his former teammates and other famous black baseball players served as pallbearers. The Rev. Jesse Jackson gave the eulogy. Tens of thousands of people lined the procession route that followed to Robinson's gravesite site at Cypress Hills Cemetery in Brooklyn, New York. There he is buried next to his son Jackie and mother-in-law Zellee Isum. Jackie Robinson Parkway also runs through the cemetery.

After Robinson's death, his widow founded the Jackie Robinson Foundation, of which she remains an officer as of 2010. On April 15, 2008, she announced that in 2010 the foundation will be opening a museum about Jackie in Lower Manhattan. Robinson's daughter, Sharon, became a midwife, educator, director of educational programming for MLB, and the author of two books about her father. His youngest son, David, who has ten children, is a coffee grower and social activist in Tanzania.

There were 8 statues (as of 2017) of Jackie Robinson, according to media.

According to a poll conducted in 1947, Robinson was the second most popular man in the country, behind Bing Crosby. In 1999, he was named by "Time" magazine on its list of the 100 most important people of the 20th century. Also in 1999, he ranked number 44 on the "Sporting News" list of the 100 Greatest Baseball Players. He was elected to the Major League Baseball All-Century Team as the top vote-getter among second basemen. Baseball writer Bill James, in "The New Bill James Historical Baseball Abstract", ranked Robinson as the 32nd greatest player of all time based on his performance on the field. James noted that Robinson was one of the top players in the league throughout his career. Robinson was among the 25 first members of UCLA’s Athletics Hall of Fame in 1984. In 2002, Molefi Kete Asante included Robinson on his list of 100 Greatest African Americans. Robinson has also been honored by the United States Postal Service on three different postage stamps, in 1982, 1999, and 2000.

The City of Pasadena has recognized Robinson in several ways. Brookside Park, located next to the Rose Bowl, has a baseball field and stadium named Jackie Robinson Field. The city's Human Services Department owns the Jackie Robinson Center, a community outreach center that provides early diabetes detection and other services. In 1997, a $325,000 bronze sculpture by artists Ralph Helmick, Stu Schecter, and John Outterbridge showing oversized nine-foot busts of Robinson and his brother Mack was put up at Garfield Avenue, across from the main entrance of Pasadena City Hall. A granite footprint lists multiple donors to the commission project, which was organized by the Robinson Memorial Foundation and supported by members of the Robinson family.

MLB has honored Robinson many times since his death. In 1987, both the National and American League Rookie of the Year Awards were renamed the "Jackie Robinson Award" in honor of the first to receive the award (Robinson's Major League Rookie of the Year Award in 1947 encompassed both leagues). On April 15, 1997, Robinson's jersey number, 42, was retired by Major League Baseball. No future player on any major league team can wear it. The number was retired in ceremonies at Shea Stadium to mark the 50th anniversary of Robinson's first game with the Dodgers. A few players who wore number 42 as a salute to Robinson, such as the Mets' Butch Huskey and Boston's Mo Vaughn, were allowed to continue to use the number by means of a grandfather clause. The Yankees' Mariano Rivera is the last player in the major leagues to wear jersey number 42 on a regular basis.

As an exception to the retired-number policy, MLB has recently begun honoring Robinson by allowing players to wear number 42 on April 15, Jackie Robinson Day. For the 60th anniversary of Robinson's major league debut, MLB invited players to wear the number 42 on Jackie Robinson Day in 2007. The gesture was originally the idea of outfielder Ken Griffey, Jr.. He asked for Rachel Robinson's permission to wear the number. After receiving her permission, Commissioner Bud Selig not only allowed Griffey to wear the number, but also gave an invitation to all major league teams to do the same. In the end, more than 200 players wore number 42, including everyone on the Los Angeles Dodgers, New York Mets, Houston Astros, Philadelphia Phillies, St. Louis Cardinals, Milwaukee Brewers, and Pittsburgh Pirates. The tribute was continued in 2008, when, during games on April 15, all members of the Mets, Cardinals, Washington Nationals, and Tampa Bay Rays wore Robinson's number 42. On June 25, 2008, MLB installed a new plaque for Robinson at the Baseball Hall of Fame commemorating his off-the-field impact on the game as well as his playing statistics. In 2009, all uniformed personnel (players, managers, coaches, and umpires) wore number 42 on April 15.

At the November 2006 groundbreaking for a new ballpark for the New York Mets, Citi Field, it was announced that the main entrance, modeled on the one in Brooklyn's old Ebbets Field, would be called the Jackie Robinson Rotunda. The rotunda was dedicated at the opening of Citi Field on April 16, 2009. It honors Robinson with large quotations spanning the inner curve of the facade. It has a large statue of his number, 42, which has become an attraction in itself. Mets owner Fred Wilpon announced that, along with Citigroup and the Jackie Robinson Foundation, the Mets will create a Jackie Robinson Museum and Learning Center. It will be located at the headquarters of the Jackie Robinson Foundation at One Hudson Square in lower Manhattan. The main purpose of the museum will be to fund scholarships for "young people who live by and embody Jackie's ideals."

Robinson has also been recognized outside of baseball. In December 1956, the NAACP recognized him with the Spingarn Medal, which it awards annually for the highest achievement by an African-American. President Ronald Reagan awarded Robinson the Presidential Medal of Freedom on March 26, 1984 after Robinson's death. On March 2, 2005, President George W. Bush gave Robinson's widow the Congressional Gold Medal, the highest civilian award bestowed by Congress. Robinson was only the second baseball player to receive the award, after Roberto Clemente. On August 20, 2007, California Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger and his wife, Maria Shriver, announced that Robinson was inducted into the California Hall of Fame, located at The California Museum for History, Women and the Arts in Sacramento.

A number of buildings have been named in Robinson's honor. The UCLA Bruins baseball team plays in Jackie Robinson Stadium, which, because of the efforts of Jackie's brother Mack, features a memorial statue of Robinson by sculptor Richard H. Ellis. City Island Ballpark in Daytona Beach, Florida – the baseball field that became the Dodgers' spring training site in 1947 – was renamed Jackie Robinson Ballpark in 1989. The New York Public School system has named a middle school after Robinson. Dorsey High School plays at a Los Angeles football stadium named after him. In 1976, his home in Brooklyn, the Jackie Robinson House, was declared a National Historic Landmark. Robinson also has an asteroid named after him, 4319 Jackierobinson. In 1997, the United States Mint issued a Jackie Robinson commemorative silver dollar, and five dollar gold coin.

Sources:

(*) Note: The sacrifice fly (SF) as its own category did not exist in Major League Baseball from 1940 through 1953. Any pre-1954 sacrifice flies by Robinson would be listed in the sacrifice hit (SH) category.

(**) Note: Also, the intentional walk (IBB) category only became its own category beginning in 1955. Any intentional walks issued to Robinson before that year would be listed in the walk (BB) category.



George Fox

George Fox (July 1624 – 13 January 1691) was one of the people that left the Church of England. He was a founder of the Religious Society of Friends, also known as the "Quakers."


University of Michigan

The University of Michigan (U-M, UMich, University of Michigan-Ann Arbor, or simply Michigan) is a public research university in Ann Arbor, Michigan. Started in 1817, about 20 years before Michigan became a state, the university is the state's oldest university. The university is called one of the first eight Public Ivys. 

The university also has one of the largest research budgets or spending money of any American university. It ranked 18th in the world in 2008 by "The Times Higher Education-QS World University Rankings," and 21st by the Shanghai Jiao Tong University Institute for Higher Education rankings. In its last survey in 1995, the National Research Council ranked Michigan 3rd in the United States

The university is known around the world, its students being famous people such as U.S. President Gerald Ford, Supreme Court Justices, as well as many heads of states around the world.

Michigan's athletic teams are known as very good, especially in football, men's basketball, and ice hockey.

The University of Michigan was started in Detroit in 1817 as the Catholepistemiad, or University of Michigania, by the governor and judges of Michigan Territory. Ann Arbor had set aside 40 acres (16 ha) that it hoped would become the site for a new state capitol, but it gave this land to the university when Lansing was chosen as the state capital. The university moved to Ann Arbor in 1837. The original 40 acres became part of today's Central Campus. The first classes in Ann Arbor were held in 1841, with six freshmen and a sophomore, taught by two professors or teachers. Eleven students graduated in the first class in 1845. By 1866, 1,205 students went to UM. Women were first allowed in 1870, making UM the first major university to allow women to go to school. James B. Angell, was the university's president from 1871 to 1909, made UM's teachings include subjects such as dentistry, architecture, engineering, government, and medicine. UM also became the first American university to teach in the seminar style.

From 1900 to 1920 many new buildings were built on campus, including buildings for the dental and pharmacy programs, a chemistry building, a building for the natural sciences, Hill Auditorium, large hospital and library buildings, and two residence halls. The university built up its reputation for research in 1920 by rebuilding the College of Engineering and making a group of 100 industrialists, or businessmen, to help guide research. UM's reputation as a very good national university also began to grow at this time. The university became a favorite other choice for Jewish students from New York in the 1920s and 1930s when the Ivy League schools made a limit to the number of Jews to be admitted. Because of this, UM gained the nickname "Harvard of the West," which became commonly joked about in reverse after John F. Kennedy called himself "a graduate of the Michigan of the East, Harvard University" in a speech.

In World War II, UM's research grew to include U.S. Navy projects like researching proximity fuzes, PT boats, and radar jamming. By 1950, 21,000 students were at UM. As the Cold War and the Space Race started, UM got many government grants for research and helped to create peacetime uses for nuclear energy. Now, much of that work, as well as research into other energy types, is done by the Memorial Phoenix Project.

On October 14, 1960, Presidential candidate John F. Kennedy put out the idea of what became the Peace Corps on the steps of Michigan Union. Lyndon B. Johnson's speech about his Great Society program also occurred at UM. Also during the 1960s, UM saw many protests by student groups. On March 24, 1965, a group of UM faculty members and 3,000 students held the nation's first ever faculty-led "teach-in" to protest against American policy in Southeast Asia. Because of a series of sit-ins in 1966 by "Voice"–the campus political party of Students for a Democratic Society–UM's administration banned sit-ins. This led 1,500 students to have another one-hour sit-in the LSA Building, which then housed the administrative offices. Former UM student and important architect Alden B. Dow designed the current Fleming Administration Building, which was completed in 1968. The building's plans were drawn in the early 1960s, before student activism created a concern for safety. Nevertheless, the Fleming Building's narrow windows, all located above the first floor, and castle-like outside led to a campus rumor that it was made to be riot-proof. Dow denied the rumors, saying the small windows were made to be use less energy.

During the 1970s, large budget limits made it hard on the university's physical development; however, the 1980s saw a surge in money given to research in the social and physical sciences. At that time, the university's work in the anti-missile Strategic Defense Initiative and investments in South Africa caused anger on campus. During the 1980s and 1990s, the university used many resources to help rebuild its large hospital area and improve the academic buildings on the North Campus. The university also made computer and information technology on the campus important.

The university has 26,083 undergraduate and 14,959 graduate students in 600 academic programs, and each year about 5,400 new students go to UM. Students come from all 50 U.S. states and more than 100 countries. 98% of the university's class of 2006 had a high school GPA of 3.0 and higher, while the middle 50% of the class had a high school GPA of 3.60 to 3.90. The middle 50% of people applying had an SAT score of about 1920–2180 and an ACT score of 27–31, with AP credit given to over 3000 freshmen students. About 22% of newly undergraduates and 25% of all undergraduates are members of ethnic minority groups.

About 65% of undergraduate students go to the College of Literature, Science, and the Arts (LS&A), while the College of Engineering has about 20%. Less than 3% of undergraduate students go to the Ross School of Business. The rest of the undergraduate students go to the smaller schools, including the School of Kinesiology, School of Nursing, the School of Natural Resources and Environment, and the School of Art and Design. Most graduate students go to the Rackham Graduate School, the College of Engineering, the Law School, the Ross School of Business, and the Medical School. The Medical School works with the University of Michigan Health System, which makes up the University's three hospitals, a lot of the outpatient clinics, and many places for medical care, research, and education. Other academic units are the Gerald R. Ford School of Public Policy, Taubman College of Architecture and Urban Planning and the Schools of Dentistry, Education, Information, Music, Theatre & Dance, Natural Resources and Environment, Public Health, and Social Work, of which Social Work has been ranked first by the "U.S. News and World Report" every year since 1994.

The Ann Arbor campus is separated into four main areas: the North, Central, Medical, and South Campuses. There are more than 500 large buildings, with a more than 29 million square feet (664 acres or 2.69 km²). The Central and South Campuses are next to each other, while the North Campus area is separated from them by the Huron River. An East Medical Campus has been built on Plymouth Road, with some university-owned buildings.

Because more than 70% of UM's 200 program's and schools were listed as some of the best in their areas, the school was made one of Richard Moll's Public Ivies. UM has had 26 Rhodes Scholars go to the school.

People who have worked at the University of Michigan are:



List of New York State Senators

This is a complete list of members of the New York State Senate, past and present. Members currently serving in the Senate as of June 2019 are listed .

Midwestern Baptist Theological Seminary

Midwestern Baptist Theological Seminary (MBTS) is one of six official seminaries of the Southern Baptist Convention. It is in Kansas City, Missouri. It contains the full Spurgeon library.


Chemical relaxer

A chemical relaxer is used to straighten hair or loosen tight curls by use of chemicals to break the disulphide bonds the hair. It may have side effects such as burns and bald spots if used wrong.

Mountain Brook, Alabama

Mountain Brook is a city in Jefferson County, Alabama, United States. The city is a suburb of Birmingham, Alabama. In 2020, Mountain Brook had a population of 22,461. It was on several lists of the United States' richest communities.

Mountain Brook was created after an election was held on March 24, 1942, with 263 voting in favor of incorporation and 67 opposing. The area was founded by Robert Jemison, and the city was designed by Warren H. Manning. Mountain Brook was built around three villages: English Village, Mountain Brook Village, and Crestline Village.

Mountain Brook is the hometown of "Friends" actress Courteney Cox and missing person Natalee Holloway.


Trilobite

Trilobites ("three lobes") are extinct arthropods. They were the first animals known to have eyes, although some were secondarily blind. They were very numerous during the early Palaeozoic era. 

Their distribution was worldwide, but only in salt water environments. They disappeared in the Permian–Triassic extinction event.

Trilobites had many lifestyles. Some moved over the sea floor as predators, scavengers, or filter feeders. Some swam, feeding on plankton. Most ecological niches of modern marine arthropods are seen in trilobites.

Their bodies were divided into three parts: the head (cephalon), the thorax (chest) made of up to 30 segments, and the tail (pygidium). Underneath, and rarely preserved, are three pairs of legs for the head. There are paired legs for each pleural groove. 

Trilobites are the earliest known animal to have vision. The earliest trilobites had complex, compound eyes with lenses made of calcite. Some trilobites had small eyes or no eyes at all, and probably lived in dark or muddy environments.

Trilobites ranged in length from to , with a typical size range of . The world's largest trilobite, "Isotelus rex", was found in 1998 by Canadian scientists on the shores of Hudson Bay.

Trilobites appeared some 600 million years ago during the Cambrian period. They belonged (probably) to the phylum Arthropoda. This phylum includes the most successful (78%) of all animal life forms, including crabs, centipedes, spiders, shrimps and insects. The trilobites, living in shallow seas, flourished as swimmers, crawlers and burrowers for some 350 million years. Over time, they evolved rapidly into a wide variety of strange and beautiful forms.

They were first pictured some 25,000 years ago in a France cave. Two specimens were found in a Cro-magnon settlement, at a site called "La Grotte du Trilobite". One was found with a hole drilled into it and worn as an adornment. Others have been found in the tombs of Egypt, Greece and Rome. Trilobite fossils were sold on the street of 15th Century Europe and collected by Thomas Jefferson and Benjamin Franklin.

A Wizard of Earthsea

A Wizard of Earthsea, written in 1968, is the first of a series of books that are written by Ursula K. Le Guin and set in the fantasy world called Earthsea. The series is about a wizard named Ged. This book won the 1979 Lewis Carroll Shelf Award.

A mini-series based on "A Wizard of Earthsea" and "The Tombs of Atuan" was created on the Sci Fi Channel. Le Guin has said that she was not happy with the mini-series.


The Tombs of Atuan

The Tombs of Atuan is the second of a series of books that are written by Ursula K. Le Guin. The book was first published in 1971 and follows on from "A Wizard of Earthsea" and is continued in "The Farthest Shore". "The Tombs of Atuan" was a Newbery Honor book in 1972.

The Farthest Shore

The Farthest Shore is the third in a series of books that are written by Ursula K. Le Guin. The book was first published in 1972, and follows on from "The Tombs of Atuan". It inspired the Studio Ghibli animated movie "Tales from Earthsea". It won the 1973 National Book Award for Children's Books.

Tehanu

Tehanu was the fourth of Ursula K. Le Guin's "Earthsea" books. It was written in 1990, and won the Nebula Award for Best Novel in 1990.

Tales from Earthsea

Tales from Earthsea, by Ursula K. Le Guin, written in 2001, is a collection of short stories from Le Guin's "Earthsea" series.


Canadian Arctic Archipelago

The Canadian Arctic Archipelago, also known as just the Arctic Archipelago, is an archipelago north of the Canadian mainland in the Arctic. There are about 36,563 islands which have much of the territory of Northern Canada – most of Nunavut and part of Northwest Territories.

The archipelago has 94 major islands (bigger than 130 km²), including three of the world's ten biggest islands, and 36,469 minor islands. The bigger islands of the archipelago (over 10,000 km²) are:
 

Victoria Island

Victoria Island is an island in the Canadian Arctic Archipelago and the border between Nunavut and the Northwest Territories runs through the island. It is the 9th biggest island of the world, and at is Canada's second largest island and nearly double the size of Newfoundland (or only slightly bigger than the size of the island of Great Britain). The western third of the island belongs to the Inuvik Region in the Northwest Territories and the rest is part of Nunavut's Kitikmeot Region.

As of 2006, 1,875 live on Victoria Island. Most of the people (1,477) live in its biggest city, Cambridge Bay.

Oswald Chambers

Oswald Chambers (1874-1917) was a famous early 20th century Scottish Protestant Christian minister and teacher. He is best known as the author of the devotional "My Utmost for His Highest".


John F. MacArthur

John Fullerton MacArthur Jr. (born June 19, 1939 in Los Angeles, California) is a United States Reformed evangelical Bible teacher, writer and pastor. He is known for his radio program called "Grace to You". He is the editor of the "MacArthur Study Bible", which won a Gold Medallion Book Award for Bibles. 

MacArthur earned academic degrees from Talbot Theological Seminary. He is now the pastor-teacher of Grace Community Church, a megachurch in southern California, and the president of The Master's College and The Master's Seminary. He has written many books and has been a guest on Larry King's television talk show many times as a representative of conservative evangelical Christianity. His opinions about lordship salvation, church growth methods, and the use of psychology are controversial in Christian circles.


Jerry Falwell

Jerry Lamon Falwell, Sr. (August 11, 1933 – May 15, 2007) was an American evangelical Christian pastor and televangelist. He was the pastor of the Thomas Road Baptist Church, a megachurch in Lynchburg, Virginia. He founded Liberty University in 1971 and co-founded the Moral Majority in 1979. Fallwell was a member of the Southern Baptist Convention.


Martiniano Ferreira Botelho

Martiniano José Ferreira Botelho (1853 - 1939) was a leading figure in the municipality of Vila Pouca de Aguiar in the early 20th century. He was a doctor, druggist and Portuguese politician, known from his residence as "Lord of the House of the County". 
His humanitarian character was shown by treating his patients without asking for payment. His wrote a doctoral thesis with the title "Breve estudo sobre as águas alcalino-gazósas das Pedras Salgadas". It was about the way water from the area was used as medicine to make people better. 

Botelho' gave land to the community for the market Square which can be seen today, as well as for the municipal slaughter house and water mine.


Battlestar Galactica (2004 TV series)

Battlestar Galactica is an American science fiction television series filmed in Vancouver. It was created by Ronald D. Moore that first aired in a three-hour miniseries in December of 2003 on the Sci Fi Channel. It is a remake of the 1978 television series "Battlestar Galactica".

The series has gained a wide range of critical acclaim. It won a Emmy Award and Saturn Awards.




Ellesmere Island

Ellesmere Island is part of the Qikiqtaaluk Region of the Canadian territory of Nunavut. 
It is in the Canadian Arctic Archipelago, part of the Queen Elizabeth Islands. Cape Columbia is the most northerly point of land in Canada. 

The area of Ellesmere Island is , the world's tenth biggest island and Canada's third biggest island. The Arctic Cordillera mountain system covers much of Ellesmere Island: it is the most mountainous island in the Canadian Arctic Archipelago. The Arctic Willow is the only woody species to grow on Ellesmere Island.

In 2001, 168 people lived on Ellesmere Island. There are three settlements on Ellesmere Island including Alert, Eureka, and Grise Fiord. 

Canadian Forces Station (CFS) Alert on Ellesmere Island is the northernmost settlement in the world. 

Banks Island

Banks Island () is one of the bigger members of the Canadian Arctic Archipelago. It is in the Inuvik Region of the Northwest Territories, Canada. It is separated from Victoria Island to its east by the Prince of Wales Strait and from the mainland by Amundsen Gulf to its south. The Beaufort Sea lies to its west. To the northeast, McClure Strait separates the island from Prince Patrick Island and Melville Island.

It was named "Banks Island" in 1820 by Sir William Parry in honour of Sir Joseph Banks. However, during the exploration of the area by Robert McClure (1850-1854) the island was marked on their maps as "Baring Island".

The only permanent Inuvialuit settlement on the island, Sachs Harbour or Ikhuak, is on the southwest coast. Two federal Migratory Bird Sanctuaries were founded on the island in 1961. The island does not have any trees, with the tallest plant, the arctic willow, sometimes growing to about the height of a person's knee but usually standing no taller than 10 cm.

Banks Island covers an area 70,028 km² (27,038 sq mi) and it is the world's 24th biggest island and Canada's fifth biggest island.

Devon Island

Devon Island is one of the bigger members of the Canadian Arctic Archipelago. It is the second-biggest of the Queen Elizabeth Islands, Nunavut, Canada, the 27th biggest island in the world, Canada's 6th biggest island and the biggest island in the world where nobody lives on. Devon Island has an area of . The highest point is the Devon Ice Cap at 6,299 ft/1,920 metres which is part of the Arctic Cordillera. Devon Island has many small mountain ranges, such as the Treuter Mountains, Haddington Range and the Cunningham Mountains.

Devon Island is also notable for having the Haughton impact crater, made some 39 million years ago when a meteorite about 2 km (1.2 mi) in diameter crashed into what were then forests. The impact left a crater about 23 km (14 mi) in diameter, which was a lake for several million years. 

Axel Heiberg Island

Axel Heiberg Island is the 31st biggest island in the world and Canada's 7th biggest island. According to Statistics Canada, it has an area of 43 178 km² (16,671 square miles).
The Inuit people have lived on Axel Heiberg Island in the past, but no one has lived there by the time it was named by Otto Sverdrup, who explored it around 1900. He named it after Axel Heiberg, manager of the Norwegian Ringnes brewery which sponsored the expedition. Other explorers visited the island during the early 20th century, during which time it was claimed by Norway until 1930. It is now part of Nunavut, Canada.

Green Bay, Wisconsin

Green Bay is a city in the U.S. State of Wisconsin. It is the third largest city in Wisconsin. Just over 100,000 people live there. It is named after Green Bay, an arm of Lake Michigan. Green Bay is home to the Green Bay Packers.



Ballista

The ballista (plural ballistae) was one of the first artillery weapons used by the Ancient Greeks. The ballista was invented around 400 BC in the Greek town of Syracuse. It was one of the first catapults, and shot very large and heavy spears far distances.
The ballista resembled a large crossbow. They were made in different sizes. Smaller ones threw smaller missiles such as scaled-up arrows and darts.

The steps to operating the ballista are:

Ballistae would be used if a weapon that fired light, narrow ammunition was needed.

Antioch, California

Antioch is a city in the U.S. State of California. It is a suburb of San Francisco. At the 2020 census, 115,291 people lived there.

Daly City

Daly City is a city in the U.S. State of California. It is a suburb of San Francisco. Many Filipino people live there. The Bay Area Rapid Transit train stops there.


Portsmouth, Virginia

Portsmouth is a city in the U.S. State of Virginia. About 100,000 people live there.

Banana bread

Banana bread is a sweet bread made with batter that is full of mashed bananas, ground cinnamon, and toasted nuts. Some may also have chocolate in them. It was first baked in the United States and became very popular because it was so easy to make. It is different from most breads because it is a quick bread, using baking powder to rise. There are many different kinds of banana bread. The dry ingredients are mixed together in one bowl, and the wet ingredients are mixed together in another bowl. The two are then put together, and baked, and then the making of a banana bread is done.


Saurophaganax

Saurophaganax ("lizard-eating master") is a genus of allosaurid dinosaur from the Morrison Formation of Upper Jurassic in Oklahoma. It lived about 151 million years ago). 

"Saurophaganax" was a very large Morrison allosaurid. The maximum size of "S. maximus" has been estimated at anywhere from to in length, and around in weight. This means it was perhaps similar in size to "Tyrannosaurus" or "Carcharodontosaurus".

Some paleontologists think it is a species of "Allosaurus" ("Allosaurus maximus"). It has also been described as a separate genus. The most recent review of basal tetanurans accepted "Saurophaganax" as a distinct genus. New possible "Saurophaganax" material from New Mexico may clear up the status of the genus.

Sauroposeidon

Sauroposeidon is a genus of sauropod dinosaur found in Oklahoma. It is one of the biggest dinosaur yet found.

Sauroposeidon lived in what was then a river delta flowing into a bay rather the Bay of Mexico is today. It was a plant-eater that probably ate from the tops of trees, probably mainly conifers, and palms.

Estimates of "Sauroposeidons size are based on a comparison between the four "Sauroposeidon" vertebrae and the vertebrae of the HM SII specimen of "Giraffatitan" in the Humboldt Museum in Berlin. The HM SII is the most complete brachiosaur known. Comparisons to the other relatives of "Sauroposeidon" are difficult due to limited remains.

The neck length of "Sauroposeidon" is estimated at , compared to a neck length of for the HM SII "Giraffatitan". This is based on the assumption that the rest of the neck has the same proportions as "Giraffatitan", which is a reasonably good conjecture.

"Sauroposeidon" was probably able to raise its head above the ground, which is as high as a six-story building. In comparison, "Giraffatitan" could probably raise its head into the air.

"Sauroposeidon's" shoulder height has been estimated at based on an interpretation of the animal as a brachiosaurid. Estimates of its total possible length have ranged from to .

The fossils were found in rocks dating from near the end of the Lower Cretaceous (Aptian–early Albian), from about 113 to 110 million years ago. "Sauroposeidon" was the last known North American sauropod before an absence on the continent of about 40 million years. The absence of sauropods ended with the appearance of "Alamosaurus" during the last (Maastrichtian) stage at the end of the Cretaceous.

Power cut

A power cut, sometimes called a power outage or blackout, is a word for when the electric power does not work in an area. It is sometimes caused by a power line (or electricity cable) falling down, but may also happen due to routine maintenance. In poor countries, such as many in Africa, there are regular power cuts as more people try to use the electricity than there is to go around. An uninterruptible power supply can protect sensitive equipment such as computers or other electronics during a power cut, allowing it to be properly shut down.

Tim LaHaye

Timothy Francis "Tim" LaHaye (April 27, 1926 – July 25, 2016) was an American evangelical Baptist minister, author, and speaker. He was best known for co-authoring the "Left Behind" series with Jerry B. Jenkins. He wrote over 50 books, both fiction and non-fiction. "Time" magazine named LaHaye ""one of the 25 most influental evangelicals in America"."

His wife was Beverly LaHaye, founder of Concerned Women for America.

LaHaye died of a stroke on July 25, 2016 in San Diego, California, aged 90.


Adrian Rogers

Adrian Pierce Rogers, Th.D. (September 12, 1931 – November 15, 2005) was an American pastor, author, and a three-term president of the Southern Baptist Convention (1979-1980 and 1986-1988). Rogers was born in West Palm Beach, Florida. He is the starter of Love Worth Finding ministries.


Charles Colson

Charles Wendell "Chuck" Colson (October 16, 1931, in Boston, Massachusetts - April 21, 2012) was the chief counsel for President Richard Nixon from 1969 to 1973. Colson was also a public speaker and author. Around 1974 he converted to Christianity, and became an Evangelical Christian.

In 1969 Colson was appointed Special counsel to the White House. President Richard Nixon quickly noticed him. In 1970 Nixon put Colson in charge of "dirty tricks" (performed against Nixon's opponents). He was a part of the Watergate scandal. He was the first of the Nixon White House assistants to be convicted of a crime.


Charles Stanley (evangelist)

Charles Frazier Stanley (September 25, 1932 – April 18, 2023) was an American religious leader who as the pastor of megachurch First Baptist Church Atlanta in Atlanta, Georgia. He was the starter and president of "In Touch Ministries". Stanley also served two terms as president of the Southern Baptist Convention from 1984 through 1986. He was born in Dry Fork, Virginia.

Stanley died at his home on April 18, 2023 in Atlanta, Georgia at age 90.


Espaillat Province

Espaillat is a province in the Dominican Republic. It is in the Cibao region, in the north central part of the country. Its capital is Moca.

The province was created on 1885. It was part of the La Vega province until it was made a province.

The province was named after "Ulises Francisco Espaillat" who was President of the Dominican Republic for a short period of time (April 1876 - October 1876).

The Espaillat province is bordered to the east by the province of Hermanas Mirabal, to the south by La Vega, to the west by the Santiago and Puerto Plata provinces. The María Trinidad Sánchez province is to the northeast of the Espaillat province and the Atlantic Ocean is to the north.

The Espaillat province has had many changes in its area. Before 1885, when the province was made, the southern part of the present province was part of La Vega province and the northern part was of the Puerto Plata province.

When the province was made in 1885, it had the land of the present provinces of Hermanas Mirabal, Duarte and María Trinidad Sánchez provinces and the southern part of the present Espaillat province. But when the Duarte province was made in 1896, the Espaillat province lost most of the land east of the Hermanas Mirabal province; in 1945, the land north of the "Cordillera Septentrional" was added to the Espaillat province.

In 1952, the Salcedo province (now Hermanas Mirabal province) was made and the Espaillat province kept the land that it has now, with some parts to the south of the Cordillera Septentrional and other parts to the north of it. The province had two municipalities: Moca, its capital, and Gaspar Hernández. Cayetano Germosén became a municipality of the province in 1987 and Jamao al Norte in 2001.

The municipal districts of the province were created in:

In (last national census), there were people living in the Espaillat province, and 105,187 () living in towns and cities. The population density was persons/km², one of the highest among the provinces of the country.

Its population represents of the total population of the country and the province is ranked as the 12th (out of 31 plus the National District) more populated province.

, the total estimated propulation of the province is 237,169 inhabitants.

The largest city of the province is Moca, its head municipality or capital, with an urban population (in 2010) of 65,445 inhabitants.

The Espaillat province has a total area of . It has of the area of the Dominican Republic and it is one of the smallest provinces in the country, ranked as the 27th (out of 31 plus the National District) largest province. The altitude of Moca, provincial capital, is .

There are three geographic regions in the province. They are, from north to south: the Atlantic coastal plains close to the Atlantic Ocean, the Cordillera Septentrional and the Cibao Valley.

Three main roads go through this province. One goes along the Atlantic coast; it goes from Puerto Plata to Samaná.

A second road comes from the south, from La Vega province and, when it gets to Moca, turns to the west to Santiago de los Caballeros. This is the old "Carretera Duarte" (Duarte National Road) but from Concepción de la Vega to Santiago de los Caballeros the "Duarte Highway" is used by most people, without going through Moca.

The third road begins in Moca and goes to the provinces to the east.

The Cordillera Septentrional ("Northern mountain chain") is in the north central part of the province but the mountains here are not very high. The highest mountain in the province is the "El Mogote" () at above sea level.

There are only short rivers in the province. The most important river that flows into the Atlantic Ocean, and the longest of the province, is the Yásica river; it forms the limit with the Puerto Plata province. Other important rivers that flow to the north are the Jamao and Veragua rivers which are tributaries of the Yásica river.

In the southern part of the province, the rivers are very short and most of them are tributaries of the Licey river (a tributary of the Yuna river). Besides the Licey river, other rivers are Moca and Bacuí.

The climate of the province is a tropical climate, hot most of the year, but it is cooler on the mountains.

There are 4 municipalities and 11 municipal districts (M.D.) in the province. The municipalities and its municipal districts (M.D.) are:

The main economic activity of the province is agriculture and the main products are plantain, cassava, coffee and cacao.

Tourism is a very important activity on the Atlantic coast, with many hotels in the region.


Reggie White

Reginald Howard "Reggie" White (December 19, 1961 – December 26, 2004) was an American football player who is now in the Pro Football Hall of Fame. He is well known for being a Evangelical Christian minister. This led to his nickname, "the Minister of Defense."


Charley Patton

Charlie Patton (also known as Charley Patton) (May 1, 1891 - April 28, 1934) was an American Delta blues musician. He is thought to be the "Father of Delta Blues" and was one of the most popular of the early recorded blues musicians.

Musical releases and his gravestone spell his name “Charley” even though the musician himself spelled his name "Charlie." 

Ammonite

Ammonites were marine cephalopod molluscs of the subclass Ammonoidea. 

Their widely-known fossils show a ribbed spiral-form shell, in the end compartment of which lived the tentacled animal. These creatures lived in the seas from at least 400 to 65 million years ago. They became extinct at the K/T extinction event. Their nearest living relatives are the octopus, squid, cuttlefish and "Nautilus".

Nine orders are recognised in the Ammonoidea: five in the Palaeozoic and four in the Mesozoic.

Ammonites first appeared in the early Devonian period. They evolved from a small, straight shelled Bactridian, which was an early Nautiloid. They quickly evolved into a variety of shapes and sizes, including some shaped like hairpins. During their evolution the ammonites faced no fewer than four catastrophic events that would eventually lead to their extinction. The first event occurred in the Upper Devonian, and the second at the end of the Permian (250 million years ago), when only two lines survived the P/Tr extinction event. The surviving species radiated and flourished throughout the Triassic perod. At the end of this period (206 million years ago) they faced near extinction again, when only one genus survived. This event marked the end of the Triassic and the beginning of the Jurassic, during which time the number of ammonite species grew once more. The final catastrophe occurred at the end of the Cretaceous period when all species were annihilated and the ammonites became extinct.

The young ammonites lived in the plankton, near the sea surface. They ate mostly small fry as they were growing. This made them especially vulnerable to any event which upset the plankton zone.

Ammonites began life as tiny planktonic creatures less than 1mm in diameter. In their infancy they would have been vulnerable to attack from other predators, including mosasaurs and fish. However, their shell gave their soft parts some protection. The existence of sexual dimorphism, with larger females and smaller males, has been much discussed. The matter is still open, but at least in some species deposits are found with two sizes and no intermediates.

As the shell grew, the back compartments were sealed with a semi-permeable membrane. A single tube, the "siphuncle", passed through the centre of each septum and connected the chambers The animal could add or withdraw gas as it needed for buoyancy. On the inside of the shell, the compartments are marked by elaborate "sutures". These can be seen easily on those fossils which are "internal moulds", as most are. Ammonites were active predators, and they themselves were often eaten by fish and marine reptiles. The fossils are almost always found with the outer compartment broken off, probably as a result of just such an attack.

Ammonites swam by jet propulsion, as do most other cepalopods. Water would have come into the mantle cavity, passed over the gills, and was squirted out. "Nautilus" also has an escape mechanism, where a contraction of the branchial (gill) chamber causes the animal to jump out of the way of a predator. It would be reasonable to suppose that ammonites had a similar mechanism.

Drop

A drop is a small bit of liquid, such as water, which is held together by surface tension.
It is normally thought of as falling.
Something that is dropping can sometimes be called dripping.
Drops are often circular in shape, and sometimes when light is refracted through them, it makes a rainbow effect. Rain is an example of when drops fall. Drops are also like bubbles, except they hold liquid instead of a gas, like air.

Brindle

Brindle is a fur coloring in animals. It mainly appears on dogs, cats, cattle, and sometimes horses. The brindle color is similar to the stripes of a tiger, but much less visible. Animals with a brindle-colored coat are said to be brindled.

Interactive fiction

Interactive Fiction, usually abbreviated as IF, is a kind of computer game. In interactive fiction, the player types words with their keyboard, as an instruction to the main character of a story. One instruction might be:

"take lamp"

Which would make the main character pick up a lamp.

Football League First Division

The Football League First Division was a football league. It was the first division of English football between 1888 and 1992. When the Premier League was created in 1992, it became the 2nd division. It was rebranded as the Football League Championship in 2004.

Erie, Pennsylvania

Erie is a city in the U.S. State of Pennsylvania. It is named after Lake Erie. As of 2020, 94,831 people lived in Erie.

Richmond, California

Richmond is city in the U.S. State of California. It is a suburb of San Francisco. In 2020, 116,448 people lived in Richmond. Chevron has an oil refinery here; in 2012 the refinery suffered a large fire.

Richmond is on the shore of the San Francisco Bay and San Pablo Bay. It is part of the East Bay region.

Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade

Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade is a 1989 adventure movie directed by Steven Spielberg from a story co-written by executive producer George Lucas and starring Harrison Ford in the title role. It co-stars Sean Connery, Denholm Elliott, Julian Glover, Alison Doody, River Phoenix, and John Rhys-Davies.


The movie begins with a young Indiana Jones in 1912. He finds a rare artifact that he thinks belongs to a museum, but some men take it from him. In 1938, Jones is on a boat and yells, "This piece belongs into a museum!" the same thing he said before. This time he manages to get the piece and run away before the other men can take it back.

At Marshall College, where he works, someone tells him that the Nazis are after the Holy Grail.

He and Elsa go into the library, where they find a secret passage underground. They find a tablet, which is an important part of the puzzle. While they are there, some men who want to protect the Grail set the water on fire to try to kill them.



Jerry Rice

Jerry Lee Rice (born October 13, 1962 in Starkville, Mississippi) is an American retired football player. He was a wide receiver in the NFL, and is widely considered the greatest to ever play this position. He is often thought of as one of the best players in the history of the game. Most of his success was with the San Francisco 49ers.

Barry Sanders

Barry Sanders (born ) is a Hall of Fame and Heisman Trophy winning American football running back. He played college football at Oklahoma State University, then spent all of his professional career with the Detroit Lions in the NFL. Widely recognized as the greatest running back of all time next to Emmitt Smith and if not that then definitely the best elusive back of all time.

William McGonagall

William McGonagall (born Edinburgh, March 1825 – died Edinburgh, 29 September 1902) was a Scottish poet. He thought he was good at writing poetry, but his poetry was often considered to be the worst poetry in the English language. He became famous because he was such a bad poet. 

William McGonagall was born in Edinburgh, Scotland. His family were originally Irish. McGonagall worked as a weaver in Dundee.

In 1877, when he was probably 52 years old, he suddenly found that he liked writing poetry. He wrote a poem about a local vicar and sent it to the Dundee Weekly News. The editor thought it was a joke, and he published it as a jokey poem.

McGonagall continued to write poetry. He read his poems in public and lots of people came to hear him. However, his audience had really come to laugh at him and throw rotten vegetables at him.

Mc Gonagall's poems have stupid rhymes, the words he uses are often silly and he mixes his imagery in clumsy ways. One of his most famous poems is about the Tay Bridge Disaster. It tells of a real event in 1879 when the bridge over the river Tay in Scotland collapsed and a train that was going over the bridge crashed, killing many people. Part of McGonagall's poem goes: 

McGonagall did not seem to realise that people thought his poems were bad. He became disappointed that the town of Dundee did not recognize him as a great poet, so he went to Perth and then to Edinburgh. He continued to write poetry. He travelled to London because he had been given an invitation to meet the famous actor Sir Henry Irvine. However, someone had been playing a trick on him: the invitation was not a real one, and he was not let into the theatre.

McGonagall wrote some poetry about London while he was there. He wrote: 

McGonagall was teetotal and often spoke against drinking alcohol. He thought that his audiences did not like his poetry because they had been drinking too much.

When he died in 1902 he was a very poor man.
People still remember McGonagall's poems today and continue to make fun of them. The comedian Spike Milligan had a character called McGoonagall in "The Goon Show". One episode of "The Muppet Show" had a character called Angus McGonagle. In the Harry Potter books, author J.K. Rowling chose the surname of the Professor of Transfiguration, Minerva McGonagall, because she had heard of McGonagall and loved the name.

There is a McGonagall Appreciation Society in McGonagall's home town of Dundee.

Gallimimus

Gallimimus (chicken mimic) was a fast-running dinosaur. It had a long, thin, flattened, toothless, horny beak, a small head, and a relatively large brain. "Gallimimus" lived in the Upper Cretaceous, about 75-70 million years ago.

The bottom front part of its beak was shaped like a shovel. It had large eyes positioned on opposite sites of its head, ruling out binocular vision (depth perception). It had a long neck, long tail, and long legs. Gallimimus was about 13-20 ft (4-6 m) long, was 6.3 ft (1.9 m) tall at the hips, and may have weighed about 970 pounds (440 kg).

These were probably among the fastest of all dinosaurs. Like many other coelurosaurs, the ornithomimid hide was probably feathered rather than scaly.

The dinosaur appeared on-screen, in the motion picture Jurassic Park. 

Kryptonite

Kryptonite is a fictional element in the DC Comics universe, and one of the few items that can harm Superman, his cousin Supergirl, and his dog Krypto.

It is depicted as a radioactive fragment from the planet Krypton, able to kill the Man of Steel while staying in contact for a long period of time. Some of its notable users are Lex Luthor and Metallo.

Kryptonite comes in many different forms, though the most infamous is Green Kryptonite. Each Kryptonite variant has vastly different properties but are in general harmful to Kryptonians.

However, Kryptonite is unique to each universe, meaning Kryptonite from Earth-1 will not work on Earth-3, Superman, or vice-versa. This came into especially great effect with Superboy-Prime, whose universe lacked Kryptonite, and thus made him one of the few Kryptonians in existence with a complete immunity to Kryptonite.

The material has been adapted to many forms of media, including toys, movies, television shows, and video games.

Green Kryptonite is the most common and iconic state of Kryptonite. It causes great discomfort and weakness in Kryptonians, as well as radiation poisoning in other life-forms. For example, Lex Luthor contracted cancer from prolonged exposure to Green Kryptonite.

Gold Kryptonite has the ability to instantly depower Kryptonians. Unlike Green Kryptonite, prolonged exposure to Gold Kryptonite will permanently depower Kryptonians, and deny them the ability to gain superhuman powers. In effect, this turns them into ordinary humans.

Red Kryptonite changes Kryptonians personality into evil which makes him lose all inhibitions and becomes unpredictable of his actions.

Black Kryptonite causes Kryptonians to split into two different entities, one embodying the "evil" side of the personality.


Jefferson County, Alabama

Jefferson County is a county in the U.S. state of Alabama.

The county was named after Thomas Jefferson, the third President of the United States. The county has the largest population of any county in Alabama. As of the 2020 U.S. census, 674,721 people lived there. The largest city in Jefferson County is Birmingham, Alabama.

Jefferson County was created by the Alabama legislature on December 13, 1819, 42 years before the American Civil War.

